The Storyteller. HORATIO'S CONFESSION. OR LOVE ON A QUEENSLAND STATION. PART I. BY DRAMINGO. EVERYBODY says that I was made a regular fool of, so I suppose that I was; anyhow, I will tell all about it, and leave the reader to judge for himself. I was a new chum when the following events happened, and I resided on Idolvale Station, where I was supposed to be acquiring what is known as " colonial experience." Old Wiggins was the owner of said Idolvale, and. a decent enough old fellow he was. Mrs Wiggins was boss (I trust lam not obscure). Miss Wiggins, aged five and twenty, more or less, was second boss. I beg to state that all names of persons, places, and everything else areof course fictitious. I might be getting my head punched if I am not careful. I paid old Wiggins the sum of one hundred pounds per annum, in return for which he kindly allowed me to help milk the cows in the morning, tail cattle when required, and do a little amateur fencing. On the other hand, I bad the pleasure of being introduced to all visitors, nnder the sounding title of Mr Horatio Spoffy, of turning over the leaves of Miss W.s music, and putting her up on her horse when she went ont for her evening ride. I intend to make this as short as possible, so shall introdnoe to yon only the real actors in the ensuing epi sode ; please therefore to take the usual number of station hands on a good sized cattle station, neighbors, Ac, as so much left to the imaginative powers of the reader. Mrs Wiggins was a woman who always had a grievance; now it was the stste of her health, then Mr Wiggins' backslidings, now the dnlness of bush life; but her favorite subject was tbe scarcity of good domestic servants. I am a young man of singularly prepossessing appear ance, and noble, open manner; attracted, I suppose, by this, Mrs W. was good enough to make me a receptacle of the many troubles of her life, and almost porsuaded me into tbe belief that she was really and truly a bond fide martyr. She also in confidence told me what an amiable creature Caroline was, what a model daughter, Ac, for all of whioh I, of course, felt duly honored. Knowing as I did Mrs Wiggins' pet grievance, I had grown accustomed to the constant change of cooks and housemaids, and therefore felt no ■urprise when one day, in tbe course of conver sation, Mrs Wiggins announced the expected advent of a new housemaid that evening. Little did I think how that arrival foreboded sorrow fo r me: the coming event cast no shadow before it. I stood at the piano that night, in my usual graceful attitude, and listened to Miss W., as, with languishing eyes, she sang, "Oh! stay with me, my darling, stay," when a knock was heard at the door, and a voioe informed Old Wiggins, who was sleeping the sleep of the just in his arm-chair, that " Sooopgot, the carrier, had come." Old W. arose, growling like the typical bear at being disturbed from his slumbers; as he departed, laid Mrs Wiggins, " James, if the new servant is there, send her up to me." James went, and shortly afterwards a light foot* step came along the hall, and in answer to Mrs Wiggins' " come in," there appeared a slender figured girl, with a face like a Madonna, down* east brown eyes and pretty pouty lips. " Folding her pale hands so meekly " whilst Mrs Wiggins put her through her facings, she answered all queries in a low, but firm voice* Miss W. having finished entreating some person or persons nnknown to stay with her for the term of their natural lives, wheeled round on the music-stool, and stared at the new comer as though she were a horse bronght in for inspec tion. I, artful dog! picked up a piece of musio, and over the top of that took a sly glance at her. " She seems a respectable sort of girl," said Mrs W., after dismissing Jessie, that being tbe name she confessed to. "Yes," replied Miss, "but very plain, don't you think so Mr Spoffy ?" I, aroh hypocrite, replied that" I had acaroely looked at her " (hadn't I though ?) I fell head over heels in love with her before she had shut the door.. Old Wiggins came back. Miss expressed her opinion vocally that " He would come back, she knew be would." Bed-time arrived in due course, and I went to bed only to dream that I wm drafting on the main camp, and trying to cut Jessie out from amongst a mob of Carolines; when just as I had succeeded, she turned into a bullock, charged, and knocked me into a water* hole. I awoke to find my head in the wash band basin, and my heels on the pillow. I mention this dream because it was in some sort prophetic In the course of a few days, Mrs W. stated her opinion that the new maid was a perfeot treasure. We had had a good many treasures at the start, so that I did not lay much stress on that. All the males round about, of high and low degree, were agreed on the one point : that she waa the prettiest little girl to be seen anywhere; for what human heart that beat beneath a waistcoat (a shirt I should say, for waistcoats are not much worn in the bush) could withstand those eyes, and oh! such ancles. All the other women, of course, said that she was nothing at all to look at, in fact, made her ont to be positively ugly. Two months had nearly passed, and consider* ing the difficulties incidental to our respective positions, and the holy dread I had of incurring the resentment of either Mrs or Miss Wiggins, I managed to push my acquaintanceship with pretty Jessie, towards, as I thought, a favorable termination. She had the sweetest of smiles to give me in return for elegant compliments that I paid her, and accented the presents I made her with murmured thanks and an upward look of gratitude that rendered me a hopeless lump of humanity for the remainder of the day. Young Clockett, the owner of the next station, was always over at Idolvale now, and even old Mackintosh,from Bugaboo,might be seen coming in that direction far oftenerthan business required. In fact, it was quite tho fashion about that par ticular portion of the district for the young fellows to chaff oneanotherabout Mother Wiggins'pretty housemaid. Jessie accepted all their attentions and presents as matter of course; she gave all comer a a fair field and no favor, and tanght her many admirers to behave respectfully. In fact, young De Nekty, who was in the civil service in ——, fancied himself as a lady- killer, and was •topping on a visit at Idolvale, coming down early one morning, and finding Jessie alone dusting the rooms, tried to take a kiss, and had a vase broken over his head in return, and was informed in addition that he was " the essence of a cod;" which, however, he wasn't, for he took it in very good part, and told Mrs Wiggins that he broke the vase, averting thereby the wrath of that lady. Now Clockett had a stockman, a qniet sort of fellow called Jack Devitt; he came to Clockett's about a month previously, looking for work, which he obtained, and turning out a very good hand, was retained permanently. The only ac count he gave of himself was that he had been unfortunate on the diggings, and wished to make a small rise in order to try his luck again. A very qniet fellow was master Jack, and though civil spoken enough, had an air of independence about him that made you somehow feel that there was more about the fellow than he chose to let you see. I always thought that Jack had seen Jessie before somewhere; for the first time that he came over to Idolvale, I thought she was going to faint when she saw him, but he took no notice of her, and in fact seemed quite indifferent to the charms of the household beauty. The account Jessie gave of herself was that she bad come to —— as a barmaid, but not liking the life, had taken the first situation that offered, which proved to be Mrs W.'s. As to where she came from before that, or anything about her past life, nobody ever succeeded in eliciting any information from her. I was riding through the bush with Jack one day during the muster, and in my superior, con descending manner chaffed him about the girl- Ignoring altogether my allusion to himself, Jaok quietly replied, " Don't let that girl make a fool of you, Mr Spoffy; she is a conceited little flirt." I laughed, though I must confess rather foolishly. The idea! Horatio Spoffy, who had broken hearts in England, being made a fool of by a Uttle colonial servant girl. Ha* ha! One more little episode, and I come to the final denouement: Mrs Wiggins was, or feigned to be, quite unconscious of the admiration Jessie was exciting in the inflammable breasts of surrounding males. The fact was, Jessie was such an admirable servant that Mrs W., who could appreciate comfort as well as moat people, waa not at all inclined to part with her. How ever, one unfortunate morning old W. put his foot into in, and thereby brought Jessie into the old lady's bad books. I had finished my before* breakfast work in the milking-yard, and was sitting in the verandah, when I heard Mr W.s slippered feet come into the breakfast-room just behind me. He rang the bell; " Jessie, bring me my boots, please." The obedient handmaiden appeared with them in due course, and stooped to plaoe them on the ground before his arm-chair. " Why Jessie, girl, how fresh you look this morning," I heard the old fellow say, and looking round saw him administer a paternal pat on the blooming cheek of the neat-handed Phyllis Somebody else saw the innocent action too: "Mr Wiggins! James!" sounded in an awful voice from the door, " how dare you! Leave the room instantly, you impu dent, bold-faced hussey," said Mrs Wiggins, jturning on Jessie. "My dear," said Wiggins. I would not have been in his shoes at that moment for a trifle. " Don't attempt to excuse your con duct," said Mrs W., " I saw you myself. You! an old man with a faithful wife! Oh! and a loving daughter! Oh! Ohl kissing .that aban doned creature." It was too much, she should have kept to the truth; the worm turned. " I did not kiss her, Caroline, nor think of doing so; I merely patted her oheek quite innocently, and—and—if I had kissed her, she is better worth kissing than ever you were." Under coyer of this broadside, Wiggins fled the field, and Mrs W. fell into hysterics on the sofa, with a shriek. A shriek that echoed through tbe joisted roof, Arid up the bills it rang with horrid clatter; The kangaroos who browsed there, far aloof. Jumped, crying, v What's the matter f Part 11. It was a balmy evening in May, some short time after the before-mentioned incident, that I resume my narrative. How the old couple made it up, I know not; this only do I know, that Mrs and Miss W. sported new and resplendent jewellery, and Mr W. never, never by any chance looked towards Jessie. It was a balmy evening, as I said before; the golden king of day sank behind the distant hills, throwing a last linger ing* glorious look over the fair plains, smiling like a black gin over a fig of tobacco, Ac. I was standing in the verandah, twisting np a cracker, admiring the fit of a new pair of mole* skins, and thinking, with a conscious smile, of the impression they would make on Jessie's sus ceptible heart. Wiggins was expatiating to Mackintosh on the merits of a newly-purchased Hereford bull. Clockett, who had ridden over on some lame excuse, made the striking and original remark that he saw the mailman coming, that being the first speech he had favored us with since saying, " How do you do ?" Mailbag brought in and opened. Letters all round. One for me, to the effect that old uncle Benjamin had shuffled off this mortal coil, and left me about eight thousand pounds. He was a kind old fellow, and I did really feel sorry to hear of his death, and rather inclined to take Miss W. np short, when with outstretched hand and beaming eyes, she said, " Oh, Mr Spoffy, how Ido congratulate you." But I am going ahead of my story. Mrs Wiggins, having overlooked the direc tions of Wiggins' letters, and seeing no female handwriting amongst them, permitted him to read in peace. Mackintosh, finding everybody rather absent-minded, said good-bye, and rode off. The ladies, having asked Mr Clockett to accompany them for a drive which he declined, saying that he was in a desperate hurry to get home, departed for their constitutional on wheels. Clookett, who had suddenly forgotten his haste, muttered something about going to look at the plan of the stables (he knew every slab in them), and was strolling off when Wiggins, starting ont of a reverie into which he had fallen since reading his letters, said, " If you are going to the back, Clockett, here is a letter for Jessie, you can give to her or one of the servants as you pass. Spoffy, just take a turn with me, will you ?" Linking his arm -in mine, we strolled about, without his speaking a word, for some time. At last he said, " I want you to be up before daylight to-morrow, and go down the paddock and catch Tartar for me. ' I am going to B—— to-morrow, and do not want the old woman to know till I am gone." I felt rather surprised, and I suppose showed it, for after a bit he went on—" You know, Spoffy, I got into G. and W.s hands some timo ago, and what with commission, interest, and all ' the many ways these fellows have of swelling i the account, together with my own expenses, , fencing, Ac, lam rather behind hand. They 1 are goiag to put the screw on, I hear by this post; and unless I can raise the money before next week, it will he all up with Idolvale. Now, if the old woman knew that I was going down to B-—• in. a hurry, she would give me no peace tul I gave her the reason ; and I don't want her to know until I am obliged toiatl, for I may make it all right yet." I felt sorry for the old hoy, and had my newly-acquired capital been in my pocket in hard cash, should doubtless have pressed him to accept it. Fortunately it was not • and remem bering that some time must necessarily elapse before I could touch it, I wisely contented my self with promising to hold my tongue, and have his horse up ready in the morning. We went back to the house; Wiggins plnnged into a little den he called his office • I turned into the dining-room, where there seemed to be a low murmur of voices going on. Pre-oocnpied aa I was, as I entered I had a confused notion of seeing Jessie fly ont of the room in tears, and Clockett standing at the table looking rather foolish. II Been taking a stroll with the old man?" he said, and seemed busy putting something into his pocket that looked like a eheqae-book. " Well, good-bye for the present," he went on, holding out his hand. " When shall I see yon over at my place ?" " Stay to dinner," I said. "No, thanks; must be off. Jack has left did I tell you ?" " No; thought he suited yon A 1." "So he did; very good man. But he got some money from somewhere, and wonldnt stop. Broken down swell, I think. Good- bye, old fellow." He left the room* but it must have been nearly half an hour before I saw him cantering across the plain. The coast being pretty clear, I thought it wonld be a fine opportunity to have a flirtation with Jessie; so strolled towards the back regions, chuckling as I thought what a sueeeee ful dog I was amongst the petticoats! The first thing I saw on getting into the pas sage—-and a charming picture it made—was Jessie's lithe figure leaning against the pantry door, her pretty face buried in her pocket handkerchief. lam no stronger than the rest of my sex where a woman's tears are concerned, and was by her side in an instant, beaeeehing her to tell me the cause ot her trouble, whilst my arm stole insiduously round her waist. She sobbed on for a few seconds j then drawing her* self away she said, " I did not think that you wonld have taken advantage of my being in grief to insnlt me, Mr Spoffy." " I insult you, Jessie ? I am as sorry as I can be for you. Tell me what it is." She had ceased crying, but looked steadily away from me, and her frame seemed convulsed with emotion. " TeU me, Jessie," I pleaded. "I cannot," she said. "My troubles are my own." " But perhaps I can assist you." She shook her head. " Try me," I said. I had taken her hand, and its warm clasp acted like a galvanic battery. " Is it money you want ?" She snatched away her hand. •'Money! and from you ?" " And why not, Jessie ? I love you. Do, then, let me help you." "You love me! Yes! lam a pretty girl* and a servant, so you .think that yon can nuke a fool of me!" and she broke out sobbing again. " Indeed ! indeed, Jessie, I lore you truly and honorably. Oh, believe me!" Her tear- stained cheeks and enchanting ways put me quite beside myself. " Dare I hope that yon mean it P" and she turned two swimming eyes up to mine. "I am true, Jessie; 1 un!" I said, nearly ready to cry myself. " Then I will tell you all." Just then the wheels of the buggy were heard, bringing tbe ladies back from their drive. "I must go," said Jessie; " but meet me here to-night." I got a hurried kiaß somewhere on tbe top of her head, and she was gone. " Oh! how long it seemed to bedtime that night. Wiggins waa nearly as absent as myself, and answered several times at random. " Papa is in love, I think," said Missey, glancing archly at me, and emphasising the " lore ;'' " and yon too, Mr Spoffy," she concluded, giggling. Mrs W. glanced scornfully at her helpmate, who was doing his best to keep trouble from her door, and snorted contemptuously. The clock struok 10. Mrs W. yawned, and announced her intention of retiring. Miss W. dutifully followed suit. My prayers for their sound slumbers followed also. Half-past 10, — Wiggins said " Good-night," to which he whis pered, like a second Charles, the mystic word, ««Bemember!" 11\. I was getting impatient, and taking off my boots, stole to the try sting- place. I had to wait some time before a white-robed figure came gliding noiselessly along, and my shy little Jessie nestled for a moment in my arms, and then drew away. "It is very wrong, I know, to meet you like this alone at night; but lam so un happy." An emphatic hand-squeeze was my answer. " Your sympathy I may have," she went on. " Tell me, darling, all your trouble," I said. In a low voice, Jessie told her simple tale: A widowed mother, an invalid Bister, a long-stand ing debt, and a hard creditor, who, unless paid off, would sell the small farm on which they resided, leaving them homeless. "Mr Clockett caught me crying over the letter," said Jessie, " and would insist On hearing all about it. He would have given me some money, too, but I could not take it from him," and she gave a great sob. Fancy this tale told in the dead stillness of the night, to a yonng fellow of one* and-twenty, by a velvet-cheeked girl, with her hair hanging down her back, and crying her heart out on your shoulder! This was the second tale of money embarrassment poured into my ear. But how different the narrators!—one young and winsome, the other old and prosaic. " Jessie, you will let me giye you the money." "Oh! no, no." "But you mnst be reasonable now; surely you would rather be indebted to me than see your poor mother turned out of her home. How much is it ?" " Seventy- five pounds," came a low voice. I had a balance at the bank of one hundred and odd pounds ; and bidding Jessie wait till I came back, I stole to my room, and got my check book. " Come into the dining-room;" and like two ghosts we crept in. Jessie cautiously lit a candle, and stood with her arm lovingly through mine, whilst I drew out a cheque for one hun dred pounds. When I handed it to her she glanced at the amount. " You are* a dear old fellow," she said, in quite an altered voice, throwing her arms round my neck and giving me an earnest kiss. The next moment I was alone. I mutt say I thought that in hour or two's mild spooning would not have come amies after transacting business; bnt Jessie's modesty fired op at the bare thought of stopping np with me after the others were all in bed, so with solemn promises of meeting again, I had to con tent myself. I went to bed, but slept not. The house seemed full of mysterious voices and subdued whispers. Several times I eonld have sworn to hearing a stifled laugh from somewhere. Bnt at 4 o'clock, when I got up to further old Wiggin's departure, everything was quiet. Wiggings was standing at the door with his boots in his hand when I got back with his horse, and daylight was peeping gray and ghostlike over the distant trees. " I shall be back the day after to-morroir," he said. " I have left a letter in yonr room for you to give Mrs Wiggins. Good-bye." Abont 7 o'clock that morning Miss Wiggins came tripping into the room. " Good morning, Mr Spoffy. Have you seen papa anywhere P" " No, Miss Wiggins; but will you give this note to Mrs Wiggins?" "Yes. Why, it's pa's writing!" and she flew ont of the room like a startled kangaroo rat. Very soon afterwards Mrs W. bustled in. " Mr Wiggins says that he has had to leave home this morning to arrange some very im portant business in B——>. Do yon know any thing more, Mr Spoffy P" " No, Mrs Wiggins," I commenced. Bnt she went on, " Why, how is this ? No breakfast laid. Call that buy girl np directly." "Jessie! Jessie!" resounded through the house, but no answering " Yes, marm." I began to feel very queer. " Her room is empty," said missy, coming back. "Mary!" screamed Mrs Wiggins. The cook appeared. " Where is Jessie ?" "I don't know, mam." "But yon do know —you must know!" as serted Mrs Wiggins, vehemently. " I know no more than that dog where she is. All I know is that she said late last night that she was going for a pleasure trip down to B——, and that Mr Clockett and Mr Spoffy were going to shout!" Mrs Wiggins stared at me with dilated eyes, whilst my brain seemed in a whirl. " They bare gone together!" she yelled, in a voioe like a bosun; "and yon helped them! Deceived! abandoned!" and without the slightest warning she fainted, and fell against me. We should both have fallen prostrate, but for a convenient chair into which we tumbled. Of the scene that ensued I cannot write dis tinctly. It was a babel of crying, talking, abusing, scolding, Ac; and every time that I attempted flight I was brought back with, " Do not desert ns, Mr Spoffy, in our affliction." Of course I endeavored to make Mrs Wig* gins understand the real cause of ber husband's absence, but it was all in vain. "Embarrassed circumstances I never heard of before," she said. "And where is Jessie, Mr Spoffy ; girls don't go for pleasure trips by themselves. Oh!" and she clenched ber hands and teeth, " if I could just drop upcn them I'd spoil their pleasure trip!" And no doubt she would. Aa for my share in the explanations, I confess that, in face of those two tearful, injured women, I denied all knowledge of Jessie's remark about Clockett and I having shouted. What else could I do—alone in the house with two women who only wanted an object on whioh to expend tbe vials of their wrath ? Luther or Cranmer wonld have denied had they stood in my bluchers. Two days passed, and snob days! Every body went sniggering about their work as though the finest joke in existence bad hap pened. Clockett never showed up. Somebody carried the news over there, and after receipt of it he was said to have d——d everything an inch high and an hour old, and led all hands on the station the lives or dogs. No news came to ns of the absent. Nothing was found in Jessie's room but some worthless articles of clothes and a letter, which, however, threw no light on the subject. It ran as fol lows :— > "Dear Dolly,—You may plunge for a hun dred between tbe two, but no more; and no matrimony. I mean it. J. D." The second day passed, but no Wiggins. Until now my belief in bis innocence bad been strong; bnt now —. Wild speculations began to course through my brain. Every time I looked at the butt of my cheque-book, my hopes of Wiggins grew fainter. I had been thrown over for an ugly old married man, and made to pay the expenses of their trip to B . There was madness in the thought, added to the impossibility of believing that such a girl as Jessie could act so, and I was in a maze of perfect perplexity. Mrs Wiggins and ber daughter never ceased to abuse Jessie, and say what a blessing it was to have such a friend as I was, at such a trying time. This at at last reached such a pitch that I determined to stop it by confessing my backsliding as regarded the guilty fair one. Bnt my awe of Mrs Wiggins was so great, and I commenced in snch a confused manner, that she imagined I was declaring my passion for her daughter, and —accepted me forthwith! After that, I remember things but in a con fused manner, until the return of Wiggins, which event happened nearly a week after his hasty departure. That I remember well. The innocent, guileless manner in which he rode up to the door; the look, the indescribable look upon Mrs W.s face; the way in which Miss Wiggins hung upon my neck, and entreated her dear Horatio to be calm. "He spoke first; the betrayer spoke: " Well, old girl, I surprised yon the other morning; but I have made it all right." "Don't touch me! Don't come near me! Go back to your Jessie, you disgraceful old sinner!" Whioh opened the widest-Wiggins' mouth or eyes—l know not. " Whatever do you mean ?" he managed to gasp. " How dare you show your vile, guilty face before your outraged, injured, abused wife, and bereaved daughter, you awful old scoundrel!" I This calmed Wiggins somewhat; he gave his wife a reproachful look, and turned to me. " Do you know what she means, Spoffy ?" "Be calm, dear," whispered Miss W. I had I not the slightest intention of being anything else, for I felt sure that Wiggins was innocent. | " Jessie has run away, and we thought you had taken her," was what I said. "Gone! has she? That teat her, then, I I saw in B , with Clockett's stockman, Devitt. And you, Caroline, were so foolish as to imagine that a man of my years, with enough troubles, heaven knows, would go fooling after a girl about the country, merely because she has brown eyes and a pretty figure. After [ being my wife for thirty yean, you thought no better of me than that! Tor shame! Not another word. Do yon bear? Come in, and I will tell yon what I have been doing." If he had been tbe Iron Duke himelf, his roiee and manner could not have been more determined. Mrs Wiggins saw that he meant it, and obeyed at once. • • c • • # • "Bo yon want Caroline, yon young dog!" he said, facetiously, a lew hours afterwards. " Yon are tbe very fellow I would have chosen." « • c c • • • I was walking down Q— ——street, in B——, sometime afterwards, plunged in gloomy thought, when I saw Jack Devitt in the flesh walking towards me. He was well dressed, and quite a different looking individual to Oloekett's rough and-ready stockman. I felt very indignant when tbe fellow came np and offered to shake bands. "What's the rowP". he said, laughingly* " Is it because I was working as a stockman you won't know me P" " No, Mr Devitt," I said i " you might be a stockman and a gentleman both, bnt not a gentleman and a swindler." " Come, be civil," he said, flushing np. " I don't want to have a row with you. I suppose yon were touched; bnt bow did I swindle yon P" " You helped Jessie to do it, at any rate." He laughed so loud and long that tbe passers by stopped to look at him. "Tbe wicked little devil!" was all that I could make ont. " Come in here, and I will tell all I know," he said, when he stopped laughing. We went into the parlor of a neighboring hotel. "Try some P.B.j yon will stand it better. Now then: Twelve months ago I had a few hundreds, and am sorry to say waa knocking them down in Melbourne in the approved style, daring which performance I became acquainted with Jessie, as yon know her—Dolly Yarden, as she was called then. The money was soon gone, and I cleared ont for tbe diggings. No luck there; and after working until I was penniless, I started looking for work, and took a job of stock riding with Clockett, as yon know. Hear ing the fellows, talking about Wiggins' pretty servant girl, I went over on some excuse to see her. Imagine my amasement when I saw my demure Dolly playing the part she was then en gaged in! She was frightened, I can tell yon, under a belief that I would telltales about her; but it was too good a joke to spoil, and I kept quiet. Bhe meant to marry either yon or Clockett i bnt I wonld not stand that, and told her so, for which both of yon owe me some thanks. For she had yon both caught, yon can't deny." I groaned in spirit. " What brought her up there, I cannot tell j but she was heartily sick of it before she had been there long. Perhaps she had a longing after me, after all } but that is neither here nor there. To cut it short, seeing that I put a veto on her matrimonial schemes, and bearing that I had come in for a little money, which she hoped to share, she asked me to lend her a horse, and bring her down to town. I did so, as-it snited me to leave just then; but on arriving here, gave her plainly to understand that' I was not to be caught. So she took her departure for Melbourne, dressed in the deepest and most becoming monrning. She told tbe passengers on board that she was an orphan going to some strange and distant relations in Victoria. All the males—married and single—were eager to console ber, and all the women to throw her overboard. I believe she ultimately entangled a rich old contractor, and is now, I believe, Mrs O'Bowney, and a belle in Melbourne." " Then all that yarn about ber invalid sister and mother, was, of course, fudge ; but I need not ask." "Not altogether; I believe she has got a mother in the position described, and, schemer as she is, I believe that half the money she got out of yon and Clockett she sent to her." " That is the hardest of all to believe," I said, rising to go. " Sounds tough, does it not ?" said Jack, and we parted. ####•»' c The mail has arrived, and with it a letter say* ing that a later will of Uncle Benjamin's has been fonnd, cutting me out. Mrs Wiggins says that unlesss I can explain that mysterious money affair in connection with Jessie, she can* not consent to my marriage with her daughter. I have only twenty ponnds in the world, and I start for the Palmer to-morrow, where there are no man-catchers at present. I am free!— Hurrah! And wiser—l hope. No marriage has been solemnised in the parish of Kinloohspelvie, Argyleehire, during the past four or fire years. Ah Illinois county clerk refused to issue a marriage licence because the man was only font feet high and tha woman was six. The clerk obstinately insisted that if it wasn't against the law it ought to be. According to an official return just pub* lished, during tbe first half of the current yeai 5186 horses, mules, or donkeys have been eaten in Paris, that is to say, 883,840 kilogrammes (about 2lb each) of meat, exclusively of heart, liver, brains,^tongues, Ac, whioh are eaten in tbe same way as those of oxen. During the first six months of 1870 (before the war), 1992 such animals were slaughtered in the French capital, and only 893 in the corresponding period of 1867. The same increase of con sumption has, it is stated, taken place in the provinces. Thb Hoosao tunnel, in Massachusetts, is approaching completion, but 12,000 feet remains to be bored. Tbe workmen in the two headings can now distinctly hear each other in their blasting operations, and the tunnel will be com pleted in November. It has cost 12,000,000 dollars, but in the first year it is opened the expectation is that it will produce an ample in come on the cost, besides the great and increased commercial advantages and increased railway facilities it will give to New England. The New .York Tribune says—Samuel Dunn Parker, who for a quarter of a century was, in his office of District-Attorney, the terror of all the rogues in Boston, is dead at a good old age. He was the man of whom a distinguished lawyer said : " He has no more bowels than a lignum* vitffi statue." Such had been the indurating effect upon his character of constant contact, as prosecuting officer, with criminals. He was not naturally hard-hearted, but he came in time hardly to know what mercy was. The St. Louis Republican says:—The steam- boat Jennie Howell struck a snag and sank in tbe Ohio River. Several of the passengers were drowned, and among them some children. Mrs King had a ebild on board, whom she mourned as lost, and was taken to Shawneetown without her babe. The Jennie Howell sank deep in the water, and, the next morning, men went ont to the vessel to .recover the bodies of the lost. Soon after day light a mattress was observed floating in the cabin, which was filled with water nearly to the oeiling. Upon examination, a child, a little boy, was discovered on the mattress sleeping as peacefully as if nothing unusual bad happened. His bed was not dry, for it had a good soaking, but still contained its living freight. It was a tflfl»»"-»g eeeae when Mrs King recognised the ebild as her boy whom she had mourned as dead for twenty-four hours. 