A LOST LIFE. CHAPTER XX. WCWLINW VIVIAN for many days knew nothing but what her father chose to tell her, and that was wide of the truth. He told her that Jesuita and Margaret had run away, and that Arthur had gone on sudden business to London. She did not believe him, but she dared not say so; and then she heard rumors of the murder of Miss de Castro, and her discovery by a gentleman who called himself her guardian, but whose name was unknown in the village, and both she and Stanfeld not unnaturally imagined him to be the same gentleman who had brought Jesuita to the station. But somehow or other Eveline's mind instantly connected the attempted murder with her husband. She struggled against it, but in vain; and she grew nervous and fearful. Why didn't Arthur write? If he was in danger she would go to him, though he had so rudely crushed her love. " Where was he?" she asked her father, but he know no more than she did now. "Where, then, was Margaret?—she could write to her." He answered her angrily, "He didn't know or care where she was, and she could know nothing of it." And so, in restless anxiety and miserable un- certainty, a month passed by. She could gather nothing in the village, or even at Mrs Warren's; she could only tell her that the young foreign lady and Miss Arundel had been ten days at her house, and then the gentleman had taken them both away. She didn't know his name, but he was a tall dark gentleman, with very black hair and mustaches, and very like the young lady. She know nothing of who had stabbed her, the young lady would not say, but she (Mrs. Warren) thought that a detective was searching for him. No one in the village had even a sus- picion as to who the murderer might be. It was one night about six weeks after the attempted murder that poor Eveline sat by her chamber window. Her lamp was on the table, but she did not undress; she had seated herself there, listening half unconsciously to the autumn night wind, which rustled the leaves of the vine which climbed up the trellis outside, with her thoughts and heart far away, poor thing, with the man who so little deserved her. Twelve o'clock had just struck, when a small stone was thrown up against the glass. Strangely the idea instantly crossed her that it was her husband, and, gently opening the window, she leant out. "Arthur--husband!" she said, softly. "Hush! open the window, Evie, wide; I am coming up." She saw a figure below climb easily up the trellis, and the next moment Arthur Vivian stood in the room. He walked to the door and locked it, then put-to the shutters, while she stood watching him with parted lips and clasped hands, and something of almost terror in her aspect. "What are you looking so frightened at?" de- manded Vivian, roughly. "Oh, Arthur!" said his wife, "why do you come here this way, stealing in as if you feared the day." "I do fear the day—I am hunted like a felon!" said Arthur, fiercely. "I come here to you because your evidence against me isn't legal, and because you are fool enough to care for me still." "Oh, Arthur, Arthur! how can you?" she cried, with bitter grief. "Are you not content with breaking my heart, and must you crush it under your heel?" There was such anguish in her tone as for a moment touched even him, and his face softened with something of remorse as he said, "Can you love me still—even now?" "I do--I do!" she cried. "Oh, Arthur, let me lay my head on your breast, and feel once more that I am the wife you used to love!" "Eveline!" he said, keeping her back with his hand, "would you rest your head on the breast of a murderer--touch the hand that is red with blood? My hand is red with the blood of Jesuita de Castro." "It is not!" she said, vehemently, "It is stainless. Jesuita de Castro lives still." Arthur lifted his hands suddenly upward, and cried, "Oh, God!—if there is a God—am I to be thankful or not?" His wife stood in horror-struck surprise. "Arthur," said she, "can you doubt which to be?" "Yes, I do doubt," he replied. "If there is a God, I call down his heaviest curses on the head of that false Spaniard! Don't touch me, Eveline; for though I never loved you, you are my wife, and my hand is not as stainless as yours." "I will touch you, stainless or not. You are my husband," she said, throwing her arms round him; "let me be with you—let me share your danger and flight." "And get me taken. No," said Vivian, flinging her off. "I came here to get some of my property, not to cumber myself with a wife. I am going away; but whenever I want money I shall come to you. And now listen, and say if you want to go with me. I was a murderer when I married you! I stabbed that Spaniard because she knows it." Eveline cowered on the floor, but still tried to clasp his hand. With a fierce oath he flung her back, and she sank senseless on the ground. When she recovered, she was alone, lying on the bed; and turning her face to the wall, the poor thing wept as if she would weep out her broken heart there; and then she lay still and quiet from the very exhaustion of grief. The wife of a murderer! The word rang in in her ears like a knell—the very silence of night rang with it—and then all her broken love rushed back on her heart, and died there. If he had uttered one kind word, or given her one kind look, she would still have clung to him, notwithstanding the wreck he had made her love; but he had not done so. He had trampled on her in every way, he had spurned her, crushed her, flung her away, and avowed, with a sort of fierce, taunting cruelty, that he had wedded her with a red hand; and it was more than even woman's love could bear, and her love died though it broke her heart in doing so. She was startled by a knocking at the door, and a harsh voice crying, "Open—open the door, Eveline." Trembling every limb, the poor girl arose, and, opening the door, faced her father. "I heard a man's voice here," he said roughly. "Don't lie, girl. Who was it? Who was it, I say?" She dared not refuse to say, yet she feared to betray her husband by replying; but he grasped her arm, and with an oath bade her answer. "It was Arthur!" she faltered; "only Arthur." "Ha! the villain, was it!" exclaimed Stan- feld. "I have him at last." He was springing away, but she flung her arms round him, and detained him, "Father, father!" she cried; "you shall not leave here to——" He was a passionate, vindictive man; and flinging off her arms with a fiercely passionate oath, he struck her,—yes, struck his own daughter, the child of the dead wife whose heart he had broken. "Oh, father oh, father!" So she moaned, and wrung her hands when he was gone. So she moaned in her despair and misery for many a long hour; but when the morning came she was gone, and there was only the following letter, which the servant gave to Stanfeld: "The last tie is broken between you and me. You have always been harsh, always held me an incumbrance; and now that my husband has left me, the only link that bound me to Forest Moor is gone, and your own hand has snapped the last link that bound me to you. If ever we meet again, it must be your seeking, not that of EVELINE VIVIAN." There were tear stains on this letter, but not a line to give a trace of her; probably she had followed her recreant husband. Dashing down the letter, Stanfeld put his foot on it, exclaiming, "Let her go! I hated her mother, and I hate her and her sister! All are well rid of—all are dead to me for ever!" And tho echo of the old deserted room answered back "for ever!" as if it saw beyond them the grave and uttered the words of pro- phecy. * * * * * * * * In the neat comfortable little parlor at the back of his shop sat John Everard, looking hardly altered from what he had been five years ago, save that his hair might have thinned a little, and perhaps he had some need now of the gold spectacles; but in appearance he was the same as ever--kind, hearty, and warm-hearted. And yet he had had sorrows—who has not? He had, early in life, lost his wife; and his daughter, round whom every fibre of his heart had twined, had, as we have seen, left him and fled--with a man he knew to be a villain. That was nearly four-and-twenty years ago, and since then he had been alone; he had never seen her again, and though he knew she had had a daughter (of Theresa's birth he know nothing), he had never seen the child, and knew not even if she was alive until about seven years before, when he had seen the announcement of her marriage with Arthur Vivian Esq., in the papers, and it was then he made a will, so tying up to her and hers his property. Somehow or other his thoughts were even now going back to the memory of other days when little feet had pattered about the old London house, and a child's little face had peered above the counter, and the old man's heart ached for the child he had lost, and warmly indeed would he have welcomed that child's unknown daughter. So he sat in that old dark panelled room, thinking, when his foreman opened the door and came in contrary to his usual custom; for though he had been there thirty years, he rarely entered his master's private room without knocking. But now he did, and said in a whisper, "Mr. Everard, there's a lady asking for you; and, lawks, sir, just to see her! So like Miss Evie, that it might be just her come home again." The old man took off his spectacles, and rose, trembling and holding by his chair. "Ask her," said he—"ask her her name." The foreman went back, and then the old gun- smith heard a voice that thrilled through him, say, "Mrs. Arthur Vivian," and the name of Eveline burst from his lips. She heard it, and the next minute she was kneeling at the old man's feet. "Grandfather, grandfather!" she cried. So like—oh, so like the child he had loved and lost that the long years vanished, and he saw only in the kneeling form his daughter coming to him again for the love and shelter she had found nowhere else; and clasping his trembling arms about her, he let her weep her very heart out on his breast, while his own tears fell thick and fast on the poor weary head that at last found rest. "My daughter—my Evie!" said he. "Come at last—home at last!" She lifted her face, then seeing what he thought, she said touchingly, "Not she--her child! Oh, grandfather, love me a little for my dead mother's sake, for I am fatherless, and worse than widowed." And the old man, as he held her to his heart, and heard her sad tale, felt that he had re- covered more than his lost daughter; and that in her stricken child she lived again, refined, purified by the heavy hand of sorrow and suf- fering. Perhaps heaven, in its mercy and good- ness, had so chastened her. CHATTER XXI. The long vacation—and a very long one it is —came to an end at last; the Lord Chancellor opened the courts again; and Parliament met to be prorogued till February ; and business men again returned to London. Julian had written that he and Surrey would land at Dover on the 10th of November by the earliest boat from Calais; and therefore, the night before, Egerton and Inez went down to Dover, so that they were ready to meet the boat. There, sure enough, were the two travellers; and as they stepped ashore, they were met by Sir Angelo and Inez. No one, to see them meet, and bravely shake hands, would have guessed the deep emotion in the heart of each; for none could see the iron strength of that apparently cold clasp. Julian could not, if he would, have spoken; for the crowd of memories that welled up in the heart of the exile, as he once more stood on English soil, was too much for speech; but it was not till they reached the hotel, and were alone—for Inez and Walter purposely left them--not till Angelo grasped both his hands and in his native tongue bade him welcome to home and old England, that tho long controlled emotions of the exile's heart gave way; and the strong man bowed his head and wept like a child. But both were calm when Walter and Inez de Caldara returned, and only her tender woman's eye, with the quickness of deep affec- tion, detected traces of emotion which did man- hood no shame. "Have you brought home everything," she said, as she too bade him welcome, "so that you will never go away again ?" "Everything, dear Inez, pictures included," he replied. "And," said Egerton, "I will leave Inez to take care of you while Walter and I go and see about getting your property through the Custom- house. It will take two or three days; but I'll leave Burns to see to it, for we must reach Fal- contower to-night." That evening the ancient gates of Falcontower Castle rolled back to receive the exile to the home of his childhood. For one day only Egerton and his ward re- mained, and on the following morning they left the north, and returned to London. In the meantime the case of Egerton v. Stan- feld came on to be heard. The court was pretty well filled; and as the evidence was principally to be taken in person, Walter and Egerton were there with their solicitor, Mr. Seymour, and Stephen Stanfeld came in with his attorney, a certain Mr. George Verney. The defence made was that Walter Surrey was not the son of Colonel Surrey; it being asserted by Stanfeld, and he held to it, that he had information of the said colonel's death without children. But such a defence had not a leg to stand upon. It was proved that Colonel Surrey had a son; and the letter was produced, written to Miss Norman after his engagement, telling her who and what he was. The certificate of his marriage with Gertrude Norman was produced, with the certi- ficate of their child's birth, and a certified copy of the register of the colonel's death, which had occurred at Calcutta. Not to weary with details—the evidence was so clear for the plaintiff that the Vice-chancellor decided against the defendant, and made the order removing him from the trust, with some very strong remarks on his conduct. Stephen Stanfeld left the court a ruined man, and if it had taken place a few years later, he would have been sent across the seas under the Fraudulent Trustees Act. As it was, he was of course utterly unable to refund the immense sum he was liable for, and he was obliged to pass through the Insolvent Court; while Egerton took possession of Forest Moor for his ward, in- tending in the spring to have the whole estate thoroughly looked after, from the Grange to the laborer's cottage. Willingly would Theresa have gone to hor father; but he wrote to her, commanding her to keep away. He was henceforth dead to her and Eveline, who he said had "gone abroad with Arthur—curse them!" And this was not contradicted, for Eveline said to her grandfather, "She is happy where she is. Better without such a sister as I am—better that the murderer's wife should be dead to her. She could not be happy with you or me." And so Theresa was left standing alone. Yes, alone; her home, such as it was, gone, crumbled away into dust, as a skeleton, long enclosed, does when exposed to light and air. She learned \--and learned through the public papers—that her father was a swindler, an insolvent, a ruined man alike in name and estate; and then came his letter ignoring her from that day, her and her sister; "they were best without him, as he was without them." "I hated your mother," he concluded, "and I never loved her children. For you—you chose your own course, and must abide by it. For Eveline—she fled one night that Arthur came, and where she is I neither know nor care. She may have gone after him—it is most likely. Forest Moor is wrested from me ; you and Eve- line have seen me for the last time—you now hear from me for the last time; henceforth to you I am dead. This is the last from "STEPHEN STANFELD." With a perfectly white face, the friendless girl went straight to Lady Alice St. John, showed her the letter, and told her her whole story, with hard, dry eyes, and hard, unchang- ing manner. Alice St. John saw into the child's heart as plainly as if it had been an open book, and she held out her arms. "My poor child," she said ; "oh, my poor child." Theresa knelt at Alice's feet--laid her head on her lap, and wept as if her heart would break. So for a few moments Alice let her weep, and then the sweet pitying face bent over the home- less girl, and a soft pitying kiss fell on her brow. "My darling," said Lady Alice, "look up. My dear child, you know that neither I nor mine will value you the less for this." Theresa rose calm now, and taking the letter, tore it in half and flung it in the fire. "So I wipe out all ties that once bound me to him," she cried. "So I sweep away all memory of a home that never was a home, and a father who never was a father, whose very name shall be mine no more. Call me hence- forth Theresa Herbert." "My child," said Lady Alice, "would you de- stroy the memory of your sister?" "No, oh no," she replied; "but I do not think she has gone after or with her husband. She has more likely fled to our Grandfather, Mr. Everard, the gunsmith." "If so, would she not have written to you?" asked Lady Alico. "I don't know—I can't tell," said Theresa. "Arthur Vivian may have forbidden her; there never was any love lost between him and me. If you will spare me for a couple of hours, Lady Alice, I will go to Bond-street ; for though my grandfather never saw me, I must hear some- thing of Eveline." "Go, my dear, and God speed you, for we leave here shortly for Falcontower. Take the carriage," and Lady Alice rang the bell, and ordered the carriage. Thus it come about that a brougham stopped before John Everard's shop, and a lady, closely veiled, stepped out, and entering the shop, ad- dressed the ancient foreman, "Is Mr. Everard within?" "No, ma'am, he is out," was the reply. "Is there a young lady living here?" she asked, " a Mrs Vivian?" "Yes, ma'am, there is my master's grand- daughter," said the foreman. "Mrs. Vivian is now at homo." "I must see her—and at once," said Theresa. The foreman bowed, rang a little bell, and a maid-servant appeared, who conducted Theresa up stairs to a very pretty drawing-room. " Tell Mrs. Vivian that Miss Herbert wishes to see her," said Theresa. The girl left the room, and Theresa threw up her veil and stood waiting. A slow faltering step came along outside, and Arthur Vivian's forsaken wifo entered. " Theresa!" she cried. One spring, and poor Eveline was in her sister's arms. And then they told their griefs to each other, for Eveline, ever weak and clinging, must lean on something, and Theresa must have sympathy, and so in mutual confidence they found mutual relief and com- fort. John Everard came in shortly afterwards, and the dear good old man welcomed the second grandchild almost as he had done the first, and wanted her to live with him also; but Theresa knew well that it was better for all parties that she should not; besides, she could not honor- ably leave her situation; so she said she would remain there. All she asked was a place in her grandfather's heart, and a corner of his hearth as a home. Thus once more the light shone on her path, and thus Theresa Herbert was not left standing alone. CHAPTER XXII. It was a fine frosty morning of a bright sunny day in December that the carriage which was bearing Mrs. Rochester and her daughter and Cousin Tom to Falcontower neared its destina- tion. Isbel had never been there before, and everything had an interest for her. " Oh, mamma!" she exclaimed, as they entered the quaint old town of Falcontower, "do look at that dear old inn, the Egerton Arms," pointing to a wandering old inn facing the sea, and which had stood for ages. " Ah," said Marion, "the walls of that inn concealed a lord of Falcontower once, when soldiers were searching his own castle for him in vain." " Who was that, mamma?" asked Isbel. " Angelo's great grandfather," replied her mother. "Sir James Egerton was out in the 'forty-five' you know, and after the Pretender fled back to France, he came here, and was actually in that inn while the royal soldiers were searching the castle. You will see his picture up yonder." Here the carriage stopped at the gates of the Park, of which on this side there was about a mile to traverse. They were obliged to go slowly, for all the way the road was a steep ascent on the right, far below rolled the sea, and they could hear the sullen measured roar of the breakers as they crashed on the rocks and beach beneath, while to the left, as far as the eye could reach, it rested enchanted on forest-clad heights with giant oaks, and waving pines, and and wooded valleys, and deep and rocky gorges. It was indeed a noble domain, and right noble too was the stately old castle which now burst upon their view. "Why," said Isbel, when she could speak, "it has all its fortifications, just as in: That golden antique time When knights and nobles for a lady's love Would spear the dragon. " "Yes," said her mother ; "though it has stood nearly eight centuries, and many a siege, its successive owners have cared so well for it, that there's little or nothing of ruin about it. Look at its lofty stern old donjon, with the proud banner of a proud house waving over it." "What an impregnable fortress!" said Isbel. Marion smiled, and Tom said, "Strong as it looks, a smart cannonading of modern artillery would soon make a ruin of that grand old baronial pilo." Isbel said no more, but as the carriage rolled under the massive gateway, and she glanced at the grim walls and frowning towers and battle- ments that rose up on all sides, she could not help saying, "I shouldn't like to be a prisoner here, though." The carriage passed through another gateway into an immense quadrangle, and drew up before the magnificent entrance, where instead of mail-clad knights, Inez and Egerton received them, and gave them "welcome to old Falcon- tower," and Inez herself took Marion to her room, and as she left her at the door, whispered, "I must go to receive the other guests who have arrived,and are in their rooms ; but when you are ready go to Angelo's private study (you know your way), Julian is there." Knew the way—of course she did, and through the ups and downs of dark galleries and stairways gained the door. Julian was in that study; at last she was to meet the son she had parted from nine years before, and now that moment had arrived, she stopped, trembling, almost fearing to enter the room; it was only a moment, and then she went in. There he stood; changed as he was, she knew him, and the emotion of years seemed crowded into the single moment she paused, ere she sprang forwards to the arms that held her so close. "Julian ! my boy, my son ! my worshipped boy !" All the anguish of that long, weary separation was forgotten, and in that moment she knew, felt only that she once more clasped her son, her idolised boy, to her mother's heart ; for the very mother who bore him could not have loved him with a greater love than his step-mother did. He let her weep the happy tears that might at last flow, and his own breast heaved, but then he held her off. "My beautiful mother, my own sweet mother," he said, in a low voice ; "it seemed as if we were never again to meet on this side of the grave, and now it must be by stealth as if it were wrong." "But, oh, Julian," she said, "for my sake, if not for your own, remember that in public we are nothing but strangers." "That is the hardest to bear," said Julian, bitterly; "to be compelled to treat you, and Angelo, and Inez as comparative strangers." "Dear Julian, my dear son," said his mother, again winding her arms round him, "hope and trust that all will come right; it is begun, if it had not, you could not now be here; and though the murderer has escaped, he will surely be taken." "Look at me, mother, and tell me if I am so changed that no one will recognise me, not even Tom Courtenay?" Tom had known a beardless youth of eighteen, with a fair complexion and golden hair. Now, in his place there stood a tall, strong man of seven-and-twenty, with a bronzed complexion, a dark mustache on the lip, and hair which, if it had retained any of its golden light, had deepened into a rich dark brown, totally differ- ent to the sunny locks of the youth. The eyes were the same; but the very features had changed. They had grown sterner, more de- fined; and care and sorrow had not left scath- less the once smooth brow. The very smile was sadder, and his voice had deepened and mel- lowed. And as Marion gazed on the face of her son, she felt that none would recognise in the somewhat foreign-looking Julian Rothesay the Julian D'Arcy they had known as a boy and youth. "You are so changed, my darling boy," she said, "that even Tom will not know you." The door opened softly, and Inez glided in. " Angelo sent me," she said, with a gentle smile. " Isbel has missed you, aunt Marion; go back, and you, Julian, come with me another way. We must enter the drawing-room by the bou- doir." She pushed Marion gently from the room, and came back to Julian, "Now, you'll remember that I must 'Mr. Rothesay' you." "And must I 'miss' you?" said Julian. "No," said she; "because Angelo and I were so intimate with you abroad when I was quite a child." "So, as you are not yet grown up, I may still 'Inez' you," added Julian, smiling. "Yes, and I'll tell you this," said Inez, "no one here understands Italian but you, I, Angelo, and Marion; even Isbel doesn't, for she learnt German instead, and, as you have been so long in Italy, it will not be counted rude now and then to speak to you in Italian, but rather a courtesy to you." "Thank you for the hint," said Julian. "Now come." They reached the drawing-room soon after Mrs. Rochester, and then Angelo introduced Julian to his guests, of whom as yet there were none but whom we know: Lady Alice St. John, and her sons and niece, with Theresa, the Rochesters, Walter Surrey, and Roland Aubrey, whom, having met in town at Louis St. John's, Egerton had asked to Falcontower as a return for his courtesy to his ward. CHAPTER XXIII. "What a false, lying girl this Inez is!" it may be said. "It's not right or moral; no good can ever come of lying and deceit." Now, we are afraid that this is a point where, as the old lady said, "Paul and I differ," and we must perforce defend our heroine. This is not a perfect world, and in this world there is no way of meeting deceit but by deceit; it is one of the necessary evils which sin entails on the earth. A murder had been committed by one man, that another--an innocent man—was suffering under the conviction of, an exile, a fugitive for it; and the only way to meet such an artful villain as Vivian, who had so long de- fied justice, was by an art and subtlety superior to his own. Which was the most monstrous wrong—that an innocent man should so suffer, or that Inez should act as she did? Margaret Arundel had thought of it often, and of the share she had had in the systematic deception of her Spanish friend. She spoke of it the morning of Christmas Eve as she and Inez stood on the ramparts which looked down on the sea. "Inez," said she, "I could never have done what you have done." The Castilian was leaning against a partially ruined battlement, looking gloomily out into the blue expanse of ocean. At Margaret's words, she said, "What do you mean—that I was wrong?" "No, not that exactly, Inez," was the reply; "for though, in strict morality, I suppose it was wrong, somehow I can't help thinking it right." "Right or wrong, I don't care," said Inez, recklessly. "The wrong is all my own, and I'll take that chance." "Would you go through it all again?" said Margaret. "Yes, a thousandfold," replied Inez. "What!" said Margaret ; "again through that night in the cloisters ; more than all, through that horrible ten minutes on the river's strand, when you knew Vivian meant to murder you." " Let justice be done, though the heavens should fall," said Inez de Caldara; "it is a sentiment worthy of a Roman." There was a short silence, Isbel now joined them, saying, "Might I ask you to show us the picture-gallery? We have heard so much of it." " With pleasure," was the reply. "Ah! here is Walter Surrey." Surrey approached, smiled, and offered her his arm, and taking it Inez led the way to the magnificent picture gallery—a perfect gallery of art; sculptures and painting, ancient and modern; master-pieces of all ages were here gathered together. There seemed scarce a painter or sculptor, from ancient Greece to the present day, but had contributed some gem of art to it, and while Walter was bending over a classic vase, Isbel was standing entranced before an exquisite painting of Sir Thomas Lawrence's, representing a beautiful woman in early youth. "Who is this?" almost whispered Isbel. "It is Helen Rothesay, Lady Egerton, Sir Reginald's mother. She died young. This was painted from a crayon of her." "Poor thing! And who are those two—in this one large frame? What a beautiful couple!" She might well say so. It was a picture of a handsome man in a Highland bonnet and plaid of the Stewart tartan, and leaning on his arm was a young and most beautiful Italian lady, with one of those faces that, like Charles the First's, seemed to have a heavy doom written in them. "Who are these?" she next enquired. "That is Sir James Egerton," said Inez. "He was out in the 'forty-five,' and died abroad in the service of Prince Charles, while his son was secretly brought up at the castle." "And this fair Italian——" "Was his wife, Leonora D'Este. She was following her husband into exile, but the vessel was wrecked on the French coast. Her corpse was found and secretly brought here and buried in the cloisters. There is a broken column on her tomb." "How comes Sir James in that dress?" asked Isbel. "His mother was the daughter of a Sir Archibald Stewart, who had lands in Blair Athole. That is how it is." "I should have told Sir James's for an Egerton face," observed Walter. "I observe in all those portraits a strong family likeness, from that grim old knight of Norman William's to Sir Angelo; they have all the same full gray eye and somewhat Roman cast of face ; they have been a dark race and a handsome one." " Ay," said the Castilian, passing slowly on, "and an unquiet one; few of them have died in their beds." " Indeed!" said Isbel; "but is there no portrait of Sir Angelo?" " Yes, just near," was the reply. A step more, and they stood before Julian's masterly portrait of Egerton, which was hanging next that of his beautiful and ill-fated Spanish mother. On the other side of his there was a blank space. Walter Surrey stood for a long time looking at both, then glanced several times from the portraits to Inez, and then said, "Miss Rochester, look at these three faces; how alike they are. Surely, Miss de Caldara, this dark lady was some relation to you and your guardian!" Inez dropped her eyes from Jesuita's picture, and said, "Certainly. She was his mother, and my second cousin. Her name was Caldara." She passed on as she spoke, but the sunlight from a window gleamed for a moment on a few gray hairs amidst Inez's raven tresses, and Walter, as he saw them, remembered with a pain of self-reproach what before he had for- gotten-- that he had heard that Lady Egerton had come darkly by her death. CHAPTER XXIV. Stephen Stanfeld left the Insolvent Court a ruined, childless, homeless man. One child had fled from him--he neither know nor cared where, and the other he had deliberately flung away, less friendless in the wide world without than with him. He turned his back on the mighty city, a man whose own hand had made him at sixty utterly alone and friendless in the world. Not even a memory of a being who had loved him, and whom he had loved. Where did the man whose whole life had been a tissue of wrong pass that Christmas night ? Wander- ing like a ghost about the desolate, deserted mansion that for nearly forty years had been his--not even a single light there now. Every window was shut up and barred; the weeds grew more rank, the hemlock more tall and straggling ; the few flowers Arthur's wife had been used to train and tend were dead now, and nothing but desolation reigned in the lonely old Grange, where some fifty years before old Her- bert Surrey had kept open house, and, later, banished his only son from--all dead; and now the old place had passed once more into the hands of the Surreys, represented by the son of Armitage Surrey; and as Stephen Stanfeld stood beneath the tall trees and gazed on all he had lost, he lifted his hand and cursed aloud the name of Angelo Egerton, the man who had wrested so fair a domain from his hands. "Ay, curse away!" said a voice. "Curses, they say, recoil on them as speak them." And a tall, portly man stood before him. "What are you doing on these grounds, eh?" "What I choose!" replied Stanfeld. "Who are you, fellow?" "Maybe an honester man than Stephen Stan- feld," was the reply. "My name's Sam Warren, and I'm left in charge here by the gentleman you so liberally provide with a warm place in eternity. You're trespassing here, sir, and must leave." "Do you know, follow, that I was master here?" said Stanfeld, fiercely. "Certainly, sir, you were; but Sir Angelo Egerton is master here now, and he has placed me in charge, so be kind enough to walk away, sir. I don't wish to be rude, but duty is duty." Stanfeld turned on his heel, and walked away —a homeless wanderer—made so by his own hand alone. Where that snowy winter's night was Arthur Vivian? While the good old yule log blazed in the immense hall of the keep at Falcontower Castle--while a gay and happy crowd merrily danced the "Sir Roger de Coverley "—while the sad face of Jesuita de Caldara looked mourn- fully down on the many bright young faces, her assassin was standing before John Everard's door, closely wrapped in a heavy mantle, and with his hat slouched low, but still worn with a certain jaunty air, as if he knew--as he did-- that he was handsome. He stood there hesita- ting whether to knock boldly, or watch an oppor- tunity of finding out if his wife were there. He wanted money, and he knew he could get it from her, if she had it. He knocked at last at the private door, which was opened by a middle- aged woman. "Does a lady live here of the name of Vivian?" he said—"Mrs Vivian?" "Yes, sir, Mr Everard's grand-daughter." "Will you be kind enough to tell her that a gentleman—an old friend—wishes to see her at once, and privately?" "Step into this room, sir. What name shall I say?" "None—merely what I said." The woman retired, and in a few minutes his wife stood before him, looking very ill, but firmer than he had ever yet seen her. "Do you know," she said, putting out her hands to keep him back, "that there is a price on your head—that you are pursued? Do you court death, that you venture here? No, keep back--do not touch me." "Evie, Evie!" he said. "Is it my wife who speaks? You used to love me. Are you not still Arthur Vivian's wife?" "That dark night," she said, still keeping him back, "when you told me you never loved me--when you told me you had wedded me with a red hand—when you flung me from your bosom with fierce oaths, my love died. Your wife—yes, I am Arthur Vision's wife; but I am not to be brutally flung away one day and wooed back at his pleasure. Arthur Vivian, I know you now." "Eveline, hear me, hear me!" he implored. "I am a wanderer on the earth, an exile, a pro- scribed man, hunted from city to city, from land to land; houseless in the dark dreadful night, without the means to evade present want, or live from day to day. Eveline, will you let your husband be taken for want of means to leave the country for ever?" "Swear to me that you will never let me see your face again," said Eveline; "that the few months I have to live shall be passed in peace, and I will give you the means to fly." "I swear it," he replied. His wife threw a heavy purse on the table; he took it up, moved towards the door, and then paused. "What do you mean by the few months you have to live?" he asked. "Look at me, Arthur Vivian," said his wife. "I am dying! One kind word from you that night would have saved me." "Eveline, Eveline! have I not enough blood on my head, but you must lay yours on me, too!" "Arthur, farewell," said Eveline. "Oh, God have mercy on you!" "God!" he murmured, as he stood once more in the darkness and falling snow, and raised that face of dark and agonised beauty upward. "I dare not believe in God—it were to drag me into hell. My only hope is that 'after death is nothingness.'" CHAPTER XXV. "AND now, ladies and gentlemen," said Angelo Egerton, the morning after Christmas Day, "how do you propose to spend to-day? It is fine and frosty for those who like to go out, and for those who don't, there is plenty in- doors." "Put it to the House," said Tom Courtenay. "I move that the speaker do order out the horses for a general gallop over tho heights. Come, ladies and gentlemen, those who second me, up hands." All hands were held up save those of Lady Alice St. John, Julian Rothesay, and Egerton, and the latter said, "Well, I see the vote is general. I must beg you all to excuse me, for I have business to attend to; but Inez will go with you as guide. She knows the district as well as I do." "Am I to order your horse, Julian?" asked Inez, with her hand on tho door. "No, I remain with Angelo," he replied. "Are any of the ladies particular about what horses they ride?" added the young hostess. "Mine are, my dear," said Lady Alice ; "Arabella and Theresa are timid riders, if you have any quiet horses." "Oh, yes, they shall have the phaeton ponies," said Inez; "They are swift, but per- fectly gentle." She left the room to order the horses, and the ladies betook themselves to don their riding habits. Inez was down in less than ten minutes, and went off to the great quadrangle, where the gentlemen and horses were waiting, "Where are you going to take us, Inez?" said Louis St. John; "east, west, north, or south?" "North, I think," she replied. "Take them round by the Devil's Rock, Inez," said Egerton. "Ah, here are the ladies." The whole party were soon mounted, the castle gates were flung wide, and with Inez at their head, they swept through, and descended the steep hill on which the castle stood, taking their way along the cliffs. Egerton and Julian ascended to the wall and sauntered round to the north rampart. "Look!" said Angelo, throwing his arm over Julian's shoulder as they stood side by side; "Inez has set them in a canter already." "Ay," said Julian; "and Walter and Miss Herbert are last." "How's that?" said Egerton, uneasily, "I mounted him well." "He probably likes the lady's company," observed the artist, glancing at Angelo's dark face. "Too much, I thought, last night," said Egerton, with a half laugh; "but it may be a more boyish fancy for almost the first pretty English face he has seen much of." "Are you afraid of his seriously caring for her? Don't you want it?" "No," said Egerton, very decidedly. "You know who she really is?" "Yes," replied Julian. " Stephen Stanfeld's daughter." "His child, and sister-in-law to a murderer," said Egerton; "her sister is Vivian's wife. A nice connection truly for the son of Armitage Surrey," he added, with a strong emphasis. "But she seems a very sweet girl, though," said Julian. "If Walter should really care for her, you will not stand between them?" "If he was any relation of mine, I very de- cidedly should," replied Egerton. "And as it is?" said Julian. "Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof," said Egerton. "Will he be much of a painter?" "Yes, a most talented amateur," replied Julian. "If, instead of having property, he had to live by it, he would have been a very superior artist." "How is it, old follow, that you haven't brought home an Italian wife?" said Angelo, smiling. "No, no; my exile only makes me cling closer to everything English," said Julian. "I might ask you, rather, why you don't present me to Lady Egerton." Angelo half smiled, but the smile was a sad one. "Julian," said he, "I am thirty-seven, there are lines on my brow, and there is gray in my hair; it will be hard to make any fair young girl love me now." "Dear Angelo, I am sorry to find so eminent a politician talking nonsense. You might; and might still choose any girl you liked." "Julian, have you yet found your ideal?" asked Angelo. "The ideal, if found, is often beyond reach," said Julian, evasively. Angelo's dark eyes turned on him with a keen, penetrating glance, that it was well Julian did not meet. He answered quietly, "It is often nearer to us than we imagine, Julian." "Have you yet found your ideal of woman, Angelo, or have you placed it so high that mortal being cannot approach it?" Egerton recoiled a little, but answered, "I did not create my own ideal; I can no more help placing it high than I can help worshipping all that is grand and beautiful." "A Jesuitical answer," said Julian, smiling. Then he said, perhaps because he intuitively felt the subject a painful one to his com- panion, or it might be that the very depth of the love he bore him made him see through Angelo's veil of proud reserve, "I heard Walter Surrey speaking of the portrait. 'Tekel ' is the name it seems known by. Does he know whose por- trait it is ?" "Yes," replied Egerton. "Yesterday he and I were in the chapel cloisters, standing by my mother's tomb; he said he had seen the picture at the National Gallery, and was expressing his wonder how any imagination could conceivo such faces as those of the man and the phantom who holds the scroll. "'Rothesay didn't imagine them,' said I. 'Have you never seen a face like the phantom?' "'Yes,' he said ; 'it was like my ward; but he knew that the painter knew her.' "'Well,' I said, ' and the picture is the por- trait of a living man.' " 'Ah! is it possible?' he cried, holding up his hand ' What a horrible countenance! Do you know him?' " 'My mother's murderer,' said I, quietly. 'I had it painted; and it will finally be brought to the gallery here.' I believe he thought me half mad," added Egerton, with his low, soft laugh. "But now, Julian, I must go to my study, and attend to my business. Where is Lady Alice?" "I am going to find her," he replied. Each went a different way—Egerton to the library, Julian to the drawing-room. [TO BE CONTINUED.] THE late Lord —— was decorating one of his country mansions, and was having the central hall floor either painted or tesselated. A young man, tall and powerful, was at work on one of the walls, when the Earl ordered a number of slippers to be placed on the door- mat, desiring this young man to order anyone that came in to put on a pair before crossing the passage, and added to the order, " If any- body does not do it, you must take him by the shoulder, and turn him out." Soon after a hunting party pussod, and the late Duke of Wellington, with his splashed boots, opened the door and rushed along the hall. The young man immediately jumped off the ladder on which he was painting, and seizing his Grace by the shoulder, fairly pushed him out of the house. The painter said afterwords very em- phatically, that " the Duke's eagle eye went right through him," but, as he did not know the Duke, he only kept wondering who the individual was. In the course of the day the Earl, on hearing of the circumstance, summoned all the household and men at work in the study, and, seating himself beside the great warrior, demanded who had the impertinence to push the Duke out of doors. The painter, all of a tremble, came forward and said, " It was I, my Lord." " And pray," rejoined the Earl, " how came you to do it ?" "By your orders, my Lord." On this, his Grace turned round to Lord ——, and, smiling, drew a sovereign out of his purse, and giving it to the astonished culprit, said, significantly, " You were right to obey orders." SIGHTS AND SOUNDS OF CITIES.—Paris comes with a cheerful flash of light, a sudden multi- tudinous chorus. The paved streets rattle, the voices chatter, the note is not so deep as the hollow London echo that we all know, that slow chord of a great city. 