POLICE INTELLIGENCE. traniun Court. — Monday, st December Obscene Language.— Clmrles Delton, for in dulging in obscene language, was fined 10s. and ordered to par 2s. 6d. cab hire, or be imprisoned for forty-eight hours. Elizabeth Pnrnell, an obi offender, for being guilty of a like offence, was lined 40s. Her husband paid the fine. Neglected Child.— Esther Taylor, an iafant five months old, was charged as a neglected child. The mother, Frances Taylor, bad placed it ont at nurse, nnd had absconded some weeks siuce. Tbe child was sent to tbo industrial schools for soven years. Insulting Language. — Arthur Turton was summoned for using insulting language to a police constable, aud the offence having been proved he wns lined 20s. or one week's imprison ment. Fuznoi Court. — Monday, 1st December. Larceny as a Bailee. — John Stewart, arrested on warrant, was charged with stealing twenty- four pairs of boot tops. Joseph Faulkner, boot closer, of George-street, gave tbe prisoner eighteen . pairs of tops to close on 30th October. In the evening he returned six pairs closed, and received twelve more. On the Sth November ho suddenly left his house in Islington-street, although his reut was paid up to the I3th, and could not be found until arrested by detective Doyle in Baillie- streot, Hotham. Prisoner said he had been on the spree to Geelong, and took them with him and lost them. The value of the goods was about £4 10s. The prisoner was committed for trial. Bail allowed in two sureties of £50 each. The Si-ortino Era.— John Williams, the pro prietor of tho late Sporting Era was summoned by a photographer named Burnam for £3 3s., tho cost of photographing Petty 's Sale at M .ribyr' nong. Complainant deposed that the order was given by F. Dicker Hamilton as agent for de fendant, and tbe latter had admitted the lia bility to the extent of £1 la. Tho bench nskod why neither side had produced Hamilton as a witness. - Complainant said ho was Niinrod's Ghost, and only appeared about midnight. Tho case was adjourned until Thursday, the llth inst,, for the production of tlie witness. 