L*i;l,.tNL Ctf 'TIBCT'IOoV. NOMADIC JOTTINGS. aT A SEIurnc. One day it orcfrred to the writer that " -5lock," as the daily pier de reeitawa with local enterrainmenta, amlteurs and ethers as condiments. may, by ooaut~ ied rejoymenS , become slightly mootaonas- At length thoroughly aaurstsd with this pe, foand reseton that he girdei up hi loins, furbished up his comansy manners, which from lengthened disuse he found to; be smnewbat moald and moth- eaten, threw dust in the eyes of his numeroes creditors as to his pnss ible whesranbots, and handing over his capasos domicile with its vailable cntents to the ears of Lare and Paentes, highly respectable prtie, who from time itamemrsial hsre undertaken this kind of work for the pure love of it, set out in quest of adventure, which, if less marvello.s than i those which befel that renowned knight Den Qairote, be latte_.ed himself might be equally icstrctive. The coast in tbe Tie nity of the Latrosb bridge was partinularly clear on that particular occnsion, when the a lBedonin in the company of that highly dia tinguished traveller-his portmateaun. step. t Ied aboard the Tommny .ortos. Not a sngle arm of the law intervened between his eagle eve and the horszon, and he was u happy. Ite picturesque scenery of the ricer, and the iamensity and other some what negative attractions of the lakes have I been dwelt upon so frequently' by more gra- a phie pens, that the writer deems it best to a leave this part of his journey to be tinted according to the tastes of his more imagon- a tire readers, suffice it to say that "Aitra Nox." a aerty not unknown to the ancients t if the (Eneid is to be believed, and a dri sling rain, compelled the Tommy at the i close of the first day's royaging to take 3 shelter under the lee of rPaymond Island r Tennyson has told us that "a sorrow's crown a of sorrows is remembering happier things." r Perhaps the truth of this sentiment is never t more thoroughly realized than with the re- i. collection of the downy conch and warm f. blankets which beguiled one's wearied limbs e to rest the preceding night; one has to set. i tle oneself down to a soft plank and tuck q oneself up with a thin peg by way of a h counterpane. Man has ever been a growl. re ing. discontented animal. and thonarcotie tl tendencies of planks and fogs are not expe. p rienced by the unlearned. At the sugges- bh tion of one of the party the Bedoeia and ti some four others dived into the hold, where I amid a heterogeneous collection of wool re bales, tea chests and sugar bags they vainly be wooed the fickle goddess sleep. A hardy cc Celt, whose conscience oust have been in a tl delightful state of repose, stretched his full ni length'on a wool hale, emitted a series of fan. hb tsstic nasal sounds for the deleotation of his a less fortunate companions till roused from tr his beatitude by sundry plunging kicks ad- w ministered at intervals to his head snd ribs gi by the restless mortals that lay around him. b It is a long lane that has no turning, and th it is a bad night that hsa no ending. We te don't believe in ghost stories as a rule. but a the Bedouin on propping his aching head at tl some fabulously early hour the next morn- tI ing against a sugar bag, and rubbing his Ib eyes became instinctively aware of the pre. n sence of an apparition. The metallic ring T of a door slowly turning on its hinges was n the first thing to attract his attention. it Looking in the direction from whence the w sound proceeded a glow of light revealed a a dark grimy being by means of sundry irons a prohing a fire, which in response to his re- I peated attentions yielded a brighter and a it clearer flame. It was only the stoker of the of Tommy commencing his day's work how. na ever, and the Bedouin might possibly have is made his peace witll him nulficiently to have st spent another hour on the top of that never at to be forgotten wool bile, had not the temrn. p porature which rapidly rose to somewhere ft about the height of a Turkish bath, made h1 .-ai..h lt.isanniimasati nn..do-dnc...c eritna i after the manner of mummies lay stretched g in the voluminous folds of a sail, the Be. I douin took stock of his surroundings, vent. v ing, by way of variety, a few anathemas on b the G.S.N. Co. for thdiraomowhatiudifferent sleeping accommodation. 1 The break of a morn under certain condi tions is doubtless very inspiring to the 1 poetic mure, but that particularmorning r would have made Tennyson's entorprising p muse tear itshnirfrantically,nut of puredes. ' peration. A delopidated isaherman's hut a which looked as if it had been on the spree, r and was not quite clear as toits exact whereabouts, gazed blearily at tho blank hull of the Tommy. Clouds frowned down v ominously from shaborve, with thatkind of t "you'll catch it" orpression, which is so n gratifying to top-coatless umbrollialea hu. t ianity, and the water below with its dark i impenetrability seemed to suggest that g Ilorrell's celebrated offce ink was likely r soon to become a thsin: of the past. Nature, t however, in the rapidity and variety of. her t changes, is a larger eperies of kaloidescope. The finserman's hut disappeared, whether it has yet reached home I have not , hoard, the clouds cleared away, and the ink, as if the touch of a magic wand, resolved it. self into clear transperoent water. The Tommy puffed in a manner which said much n for his-her, which is correet-pluck, and t very little for his or liher steam power, and c at 8 a.m. east anchor offa settled part of the ii coast. A number of natives who had been descried from tihe deck of the vessel at a distance, crowded round her immediately on C her arrival, and by a thousand signs inti- 11 mated that the visitors wore welcome. All n were unarmed earn the ladies, who like the p King of Dahomey's Amazons must he very tr destructiro in anstrl warfare, judging from el the nature of their weapons. In the course p of an exploring expeditton, the Bedouin dis- mc covered a garden filled with s variety of es choice and delicate fruits, the hospitable at ownerof which accorded him a kindly wel- as rome and a general invitation to full to. hir Like that other remarkable man Julius pr Cmsar the Bedouin might have said, be de came, he saw, but herb the similitude ends pc for a peach of larger dimensions thanits fel' p. lows put the conqueringpnrtof the business sd quite on the shelf, placed the Bedouinin the wl position of that hero who figures rather m lower down in the page of history, who " cried-because he could eatano more, of . . ? . . . 