GENERAL NEWS. Christchurch, Strathalbyn.—Easter Vestry.— The Easter Vestry Meeting of the above Church was held on Friday, the 18th ult., and, as adjourned, on Friday, the 25th. The Rev. F. Slaney Poole, B.A., the Incumbent of the Church, presided. The balance- sheets of the Wardens and the Treasurer of the Building Fund were presented and adopted. Votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring Wardens and officers, to the harmoniumist, choir, and to all who had been active for the good of the Cburch. Mr Prince was nominated Minister's Warden, and Mr Teulon was elected People's Warden ; the Sidesmen elected were Messrs. Irvine, Nicholls, Borrett, and R. Sedunary. It was also resolved that on and after the 18th May next, the Appendix to Hymns Ancient and Modern be used in the Church. It appeared from the balance-sheet that there was a debt of about £300 on the Church. The meeting pledged itself to make every endeavor to liquidate it as soon as possible. The meetings were opened with prayer and closed with the Benediction. Weighty Cabbages.—Last Saturday we noticed some splendid-looking cabbages in a cart peram- bulating Strathalbyn, and to gratify a little curiosity four of them were put to the scale, and were found to weigh, in the aggregate, 65½ lbs., or an average of over 16¼ lbs. each. They were of a splendid fresh colour, with immense sound hearts, and proved as tasty after going through the cook's hands as they were tempting before. Other samples of garden pro- duce in the cart were also very fine, and the whole were grown by Mr. Garwood, market gardener, of Paris Creek. Australian Butter in the English Market.— It will be remembered, says a Geelong paper, that a few days ago we published an English telegram, an- nouncing that the butter sent from here in the Jason and the Wave of Life, had realised 90s. per cwt. By many this may have passed unnoticed, but it is most important news, as it has set the vexed ques- tion "Can butter be sent to England and realise a profit ?" at rest. Ninety shillings per cwt. leaves a wider margin than the exporter, Mr. W. Warren, ever anticipated. That it would be found sound when it reached home he was confident, every care hav- ing been taken in its packing, and the quantity, four and a half tons, was quite sufficient for the test to be pronounced a thorough oue. Strathalbyn Institute.—At a meeting of the Institute committee on Wednesday evening last, the question of raisiug funds for the purpose of erecting suitable Institute buildings, was moved, and the idea was well supported. The committee resolved to make preparations for holding a grand bazaar at the time of the Strathalbyn Agricultural Society Show in 1874, several promises of support having already been made. The question of some entertainment for the Queen's birthday in aid of Institute funds was considered, and suggestions made, particulars of which will be duly announced. A project was also started for the purpose of providing immediate funds for the purchase of a further supply of new books. The committee were uuauimous in their wish that In- stitute matters should be more warmly entered into by the public than they have hitherto ; and we trust that a new move may now be made to place our Institute on a firmer and broader basis. Mr. E. Waddy was elected a member of committee. Frightful Accident.—A serious accident occurred to John Jones, of the Mines Flat, near Strathalbyn, on Tuesday, the 29th April. He was, with others, employed chaffing hay for Mr. H. Lamshed, at Mr. Hill's' Farm, on the Long Valley Road, when, in feeding the chaffcutter, his right hand and arm became entangled and were drawn into the machine up to within a few inches of the elbow. Before the horses were stopped the hand was cut off just above the wrist (the fingers and hand having been sliced into small pieces by the three knives), and the fore- arm received lacerated wounds, with fracture of both bones. Dr. Ferguson was immediately sent for, and after an examination of the injuries, he, with the assistance of Dr. Blue, amputated the arm above the elbow. The sufferer (who has a wife and family, and fortunately belongs to a Benefit Society) is now progressing as favorably as can be expected. Sickness.—The Rev. J. H. Williams has, we are sorry to learn, experienced severe family affliction. On leaving Salisbury to succted the Rev. J. G. Wright at Strathalbyn, Mr Williams proceeded to Strathalbyn to fulfil certain engagements, his wife and family going on to Callington to visit their friends prior to settling down at Strathalbyn. The bustle and fatigue of the undertaking, together with a bad cold, brought on a severe illness on Mrs Williams and the baby. Medical aid was promptly obtained. Both patients remained several days in a very precarions condition ; but we are glad to learn, however, that, both Mrs Williams and child are now sufficiently recovered to justify their removal to the Primitive Methodist Parsonage at Strathalbyn. Professor Haselmayer's Entertainment.—Pro- fessor Haselmayer gave another of his excellent entertainments in the Strathalbyn Assembly Room, on Thursday evening, the 24th April. His manipu- lations on the piano and stylocarte, the performances of the canaries, Java sparrows, and mice, and the card tricks were all extented in thorough profes- sional etyle, and proved as highly interesting as on the previous evening. The making of an omelette in a gentleman's hat, catching bullets fired from a pistol, and the representation of a miser's dream (wherein he was obtaining money from all couceiv- able places—from the bottom of the suspended lamps to a gentleman's beard) were also exceedingly good. The most wonderful and inconceivable of all his tricks was the aerial bell, which went through the same performance as the drum the previous evening, and created a profound sensation. As will be seen from our country correspondents' letters, the Pro- fessor gave successful entertainments in several of the Southern townships. Unclaimed Letters.—Letters for the following persons are lying at the Strathalbyn Post Office :— Anderson, A. Considine, M. Cooper and Frickel Chrouch, Jas. Evans, Mrs. Jarvis, G. Jams, D. Jones, Jun., Mr. Reardon, Mr. P. Smith, O. Tucker, Charles. Tullipan, Mr. Whisson, Jno. Strathalbyn Agricultural Society.—We beg to remind our readers of the meeting of the above Society, which will be held next Tuesday, at the Terminus Hotel, for the purpose of electing officers and Committee for the ensuing year. Rather Disagreeable.—The neighborhood of Strathalbyn appears notorious for its ghostly visit- ants. This week a worthy knight of the cleaver, who, by the way, is a benedict, hailing from this enlightened municipality, has, we hear, been nearly frightened out of his seven senses, by the apparition of some fair one, in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all important person, "the oldest inhabitant," says it must be the ghost of a young woman who met an untimely end that neighborhood some 20 or so years ago. The wraith was observed in the day time, and the seer was accompanied by a friend, who corroborates his statement. We have heard of and believe in the ghost of a chance, but that of a lady is quite a different matter. Rainfall.—The following is the rainfall for the days mentioned :— Inches. April 22 ... 0.020 23 ... 0.050 25 ... 0 010 28 ... 0120 29 ... 0.010 Total ... 0.210 Inland Cockles.—A few days ago Mr John Field, of Strathalbyn North, left a large cockle at our office, which he says he discovered that morning on the surface of the ground in his garden. Our in- formant states he firmly believes it came out of the ground, and says he has found them in the same neighborhood on previous occasions, and fancies they come from a salt water spring. All we can say is the bivalve tasted exceedingly fresh, was in excellent condition, and we would have no objection to enjoying a dishful of the same description. The Solar Circle.—The ball of the foot. 