WILL OF NAPOLEON HT." I ; (From Ii" Ordre.) Irr the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor feeling an aggravation of tho symptoms ef the ri i j eas which was so soon to prove fatal, and indulging m illusory hopes of tho ultimate success of the operntioi which his physicians had declared to ba indispensable was anxious, before resigning himaolf to their care, U oxpross in writing his Inst will and testament. . The will of tho Emperor Napoleon III. is drawn ii two very distinct parts. Tho statesman, tho Sovereign, tho dynastic; chief, speaks in tho one ; in tho other, the private gentleman, tho father, tba friend. Motivos of proprioty, which it is useless to dwell upor will not allow of our publishing-at least, nt present tho will of tho private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with which tho dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, cither in tho shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest the publia in a point of view of morbid onriosity which it would scarcely ba proper to gratify at tho present moment. I .Buttha political will is a different thing altogether. This, from tho hour of its author's death, belongs to history. . It forms part of the'immedinte inheritance of the present generation, for whoso instruction lt was I written. It will bo noticod that thU will is built up of a serifs of notes, thoughts, reflections, provisions, remembrances, written in meditative mood, during tho tedious hours of exile. At tho very moment when tho Emperor saw rising beforo him tba probability of an impending catastrophe, ha rested satisfied with the compilation of these notes, to which ho was hardly aware that ho was giving tho lost touch. This is tho document wo speak of, and which we print without reflecting or commenting ou : " In tho name of tho Very Holy Trinity, tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. " Made awnro by unheard of misfortune of the uncer- tainty of worldly concerns at an agc when it may please Divino Providence, after so many cruel trials, to with- j draw mo from this lifo beforo I have beon able personally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of i accomplishing, I owo it to the honour of my name, to j my responsibility beforo history,,to tho futuro of my i .race, to bequeath to my eon, with my.patcrnnl embrace ' nnd my ardent aspirations, such instructions as may guido his conduct, m tho hope that Heaven, soothed by i tho overwhelming catastrophes which havo fnllen on that beloved French nation, will abet him in his endea- vours to reinvest his. country with its past glory, pros I pority, and grandeur. " Weighed down by the most uumorited and mut infamous accusations, I hnvo hitherto left to history, over impartial nnd ever true, tho coro of my justifi- cation. " During tho tvrcnty years that I vf as called upon by the nntional will to manage tho afluirá of France I have reigned independently of any caro with regard to dynas- tic interests or personal satisfaction. If tel the legiti- mate pride of being able to declare that I have brought that country to tho highest degree of prosperity, influ- ence, and eclat that it has ever been given to nny monarchy of tho past to enjoy. While maintaining order in the interior, and opposing an iron hand to the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to bear on the moral, political, and social emancipation of the labourer. under ne other regime has tho workman been: in a moro prosper- ous condition. Never bavo the relations between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and satis- factory way. " Notwithstanding the renown of military glory which attnehed to the founder of my rac», I bad dreamed I had desired te exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratic and social emancipation ; and when, at the opening of my career as a sovereign I said at Bordeaux that 'tita Empire was peace,' I expressed the most Binccre conviction that was eyer conveyed to Earopo and to the world. '.'" ''Sut next to the aspirations of my heart were tho duties of thengsnarch, and when-I was induced to draw tho sword, it was never for any other motivo than tc defend, to nSirm, or protect the interests or tho honour of Prance. ;In Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochin China, in Asia-Minor, tho triumphs of my gallant army havo exalted the grandeur of the country. " At tho time of life when I am penning these linea in the . expectation of Boen appearing before God, who will iud ge mo, E refrain to sot myself up as a judge for others. ~ I leave to my Bon, with tho recommendation of ultimately malting such uso of them ns the honour of my name and his own may require, tho complete series of documents which will show that, in respect to tho Mexican expedition, interrupted by imperious motive: of international right, and also to that' last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view thc honour und interests of the country who for tho third time in tho Bpace of twenty years had by a Bignal vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. - " History will explain bow a senex of fatal and un- foreseen misfortunes, inevitable casualties, improvident advises, disappointed provisions, improbable results, ended in the failure of tho most generous effort ovot attempted to affirm tho prerogatives and -predominance of France. 0 " An unmentionable crime has complicated tho catas trophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised my personal safety to secure that of ny army, and to conclude a necessary peace, in Paris brainless demagogues were working tho ruin of France by affording to tho con- quering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. "A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when France will know the truth on all the 'facts and many ether topics which have been distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and , on that day France, after undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind tho twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the reign of .Napo- leon. The instincts of the people are monarchical, and no monarchy caa reinstate. Franco in a safer position than tho conqueror of Austerlitz. " If Providence deems my mission accomplished, and bequeaths to my son tho task of carrying out this work of reparation, under tho guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy nnd beloved wife, nod that of tho devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, I adviso him to revert to tho principles which inspired my acts nt tho beginning of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. _ » " Europa has been too greatly agitated by the recent wara of the latter years, and Franco may regain her prestige, and her grandeur without appealing to force. Tho reign of my son must nofc_ be one of reprisals, but one of reparation. Peace within and without. And should the necessity of upholding the national honour compel him to draw the sword, let him rely without fear on tho courage of the French army, too accus- tomed to see victory crown its efforts under tho Im perial eagle to romain bowed down under tho inQuonco of a temporary disaster. _ . _ " Let him, at home especially, apply himself to de- veloping tho welfare of tho working classes. '. Xot him beware of the enticement held ont by certain protended liberal doctrines, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. " Let bim seo that respect is shown to tho legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute the basis of all social order. In awarding a necessary shara in the managemont of puhlio affairs to tho free debates of tho tribune and the press, lot him protect tho country ngaiust the excesses cf those discussions, which provo such fruitful sources of barren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order-order uphold in the interest of nil and ovory ono. "Tho experiment of tho last events has shown that nations fare seldom grateful. France, who had done everything*. for the enfranchisement of other countries, found herself deserted at a time of supremo nctsseity.- Internationa alliances should be founded on the interests, on tho hopes, and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. > My son's endeavours should all tend, towards ensuring tho soldiers,' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, Franco, without having recourso to arms, may repair the disasters of war. Tho calamities consequent on successive insurrections daring tho last two years have not bean able to shake the foundations of the_ financial prosperity laid by, the empire. Tho empire will render that prosperity os flourishing as heretofore. " But to attain this result, at tho same time that it is necessary to proudly display beforo foreign »»tiona tte flag of France-over_ respeotsd, notwithstanding oar unmerited disasters-it is incomber t on the nation to insist without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at home, tho principle of authority which the nation will once more hasten to conseerate, shall be respected.' " , 