ECONOMICAL DRESSING. . I fVnr any hints I can offer wall not be o: much use, for to one who. like myself— drea«ed a» a young ladv on £30 per annua £<30 appears a mine of wealth. 1 may, how ever, mention, that I, or rather my inothei contrived that I should always have a whit< silk evening dress. One always lasted wit! turning for two yean, and then was dyec some bright color for wearing under net as a ball dress. I never wore tarlatan; Bruaeelt set, though dearer, looks better, and if care fully washed will make up strain. My mother had a great dislike to imSte. i tion lace and cheap embroidery, and neithei I nor my sisters were ever allowed to spend our money on such things. One of her rules was, that each winters portion of our under linen should be renewed, and every second year we got a corset direct from one of the first corsetires in Paris for which we never paid less than 60 ft., and to the last I attri bute much of the style and fit of even our plain print gowns. For summer wear I should advise a pretty light silk, chene or striped, and of some neutral tint such as grey, which will suit any hat or bonnet. The foulard cambrics to be worn this year are exceedingly pretty, and being colored have the advantage of not soiling easily. The wear to be got out of a really"good Tussore or Pongee silk is almost endless, and they suit nearly all complexions. I do not advise buying ready made dresses, the fit is always doubtful, and with all the pretty patterns so constantly issued for a really good silk dress, I would always employ a thoroughly trood dressmaker. You will find it a good plan to buy silks and even plain piques at the end of the season from some of the leading shops. There is always an immense redaction in price at such times, and she should avoid anything very strikiug in pattern, or that is " the rage," that is if she -wishes the article to last any time, for one soon wearies of any thing very marked and showy. Heady made usderlinen is also a saare and 3 delusion. I get all my calicoes, long cloths, and flannels, at cost prices; under linen should be renewed during the winter; the new xnatcwal is very unpleasant in warm weather. "The horse that frets is the one that sweats," is an old saying of horsemen; it is just as true of men as of horses. 'Hie man that allows himself to got irritated at every little thing that goes amiss in his business, or in the ordinary affairs of life, is a man that, as a rule, will accomplish little, and wear out early. He is a man with a perpetual thorn in his flesh, which pricks and wounds at the slightest move ment—a man for whom life has little pleasure and the future small hope. Good nature is a virtue that inspires with the truest notions of tenderness and com passion ; but, unless it is tempered by cool sense and deliberate reflections, it drives us into an extreme of folly and weak com pliance, which ends, at last, in loss of re putation, fortune, and friends. On the other hand, when good nature is guided by reason, and directed by judgment, it is a god-like attribute, which puts us a degree beyond the common herd of mortals, and makes us worthy of the peculiar care and Providence of that Great Source from whence it springs^ To one naturally in clined to acts of kindness and humanity, nothing can be more irksome than to be under the necessity of curbing those generous passions. A Lady's Stuffing.—The Leader re lates that two ladies were recently having their photographs taken by a Collins street Melbourne ariiat, when the alarming dis covery was made that the dress improver of one only threw the drapery out afoot, while the other had hers projecting to the regula tion extent of 18 inches. The artist, being appealed to, had to acknowledge himself short of feminine deceptions; but on being pressed suggested the use of a window blind. The offer was thankfully accepted, and the ladies, retiring behind the screen for a few minutes, reappeared with the neces sary alteration perfected. The sitting took up so much time that both ladies and artist forgot ail about the loan of the window blind, snd it was only when the former were entering a shop on the block that it was brought to their recollection by a pass ing gentleman saying to the fair borrower, < " I beg,pardont madam, but this I think be longs to" you V blinding her as he spoke her j late stuffing. With a presence of mindj that bespoke the true lady, she said, " Thanks. You are very good. Will you complete tout kindness by taking it into Mr. , the photographer next door. Hej lent it to me just now to assist mv dress j improver," ana then turned away, with the I responsibility thrown on hiiu. j Josh Billings on Pahtridgrs.—The I partridge iz also a game bird. Their (tame' iz taw drum on a log in the spring of the year, and keep hpth eyes open watching1 the sportsmen. Partridges are shot on the wing, j and are az easy to miss az a ghost iz. It is ] pliun enuff to see the old bird bide her yung brood when danger iz near. This must be seen, it kant be described, and make anv boddy beleave it. The partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, and either one or them straddle a gridiron natural enuff tew hav bin born thare. Take acouple of young partridges and pot them down, and served up with the right kind or a chorus, and they beat the bam sandwich yu buy on the Camden and Amboy Railway 87$ per ccpt. I have eat these lamentabel ftu Jersey ham sandwich, and must say that I prefer a couple of bass wood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuk together with Spalding's glue. For some time past, says the Frte Sun day Advocate, the residents in the neighbor hood of the Metropolitan^ Tabernacle have been somewhat exercised in mind by aeeiog the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon roll past is his carriage on Sunday. At length the matter has been set at re*t by one of the congrega tion undertaking to catechise the pastor. On Sunday the parson arrived rather earlier than usual. " Bow do you justify the em ployment of a coachman on & Sunday " Sir,"answered the pastor," I commit no sin by riding on a Sunday, and my coachman commits no sin by driving; my coachman keeps his Sabbath, for he is a Jew." "Well," inquired his interrogator, "How about the horse ?" ■ u Oh I" responded the pastor, " Well, he's a Jew too." When a girl has anired at the age when Bhe likes to nave her band squeezed, make up your mind that her heart bai begun to run on matrimony, honeymoons, and cradles. A shoemaker received a note from a lady to whom he was particularly attached, re questing him to tyake her a pair of shoes, and not knowing the style shu required, he despatched a written missive to her, asking her whether she would like them 4 Wround or E&q; Toad.' The fair one, indign&at; at' this rich specimen of orthography,, replied 4 Kneether." 