For a goldfield that is alleged to be worked out it is surprising the amount of progressive work .which . is. being .done just now in the Ballarat district. "It ' is questionable if at any time since gold was found in this port of the colony, so much activity prevailed before. People who take - a delight in croaking, with or without excuse, may doubt the result of all this work — that b, its profitableness— and others, who have deserted '-the-'tbld - lows for moref imme- diately attractive charms, may share their apprehensions. But those who knotf what ' the old place has done in the past; the 'area of unworked ground yet "left, 'and the extent of its resources, will still believe that a little time will see Ballarat again to the fore, and; most of these progressive works, if not all, making good the falling-oS in the yield of gold and dividends, which have latterly characterised our old companies. The area that has yet been worked in this district is so small in comparison with the whole extent of it, that in alluvial alone there b enough virgin ground for the pick to ex plore, to last for this and the succeed ing generation ; and though some of it may not carry gold, yet the constant db- covery of new reef washes which b being made, tends to show that the great bulb of tins ground will pay well to take out. In the matter of our quartz reefs we have done little yet ; but like the boy who saved most of Ms cake for the morning, we have all the more to enjoy, because we have consumed so little. The indications are becoming unmistakable that our quartz lodes do not merit the con tempt -with which fthey, have been regarded; and events must therefore prove peculiarly unfavorable to us if our quartz lodes do not soon claim for themselves as much popularity as the lodes of . any other district in this colony have yet commanded, or still enjoy. With fresh reef washes opened up, new gutters found, and our stone reim bursing the investor, it will go hard if the - old place does not resume its former status, and its dividend-sheet one of these days make as good a monthly show, as it ever did even in the palmiest days of our history. \- We are led up to .these conclusions by grouping together -the amount of progres sive work that b now being done within J a few miles of us ; . but more especially by reviewing the results of the last few weeks. Let us take our much-despised quartz': to begin with. In the Dead Horse Ranges the tributors of the Welcome Company hae lately bad two. crashings, the yields' of which have averaged a trifle over 7 dwt to the ton. The exact figures are 101-6z of retorted gold, out of 297 tons of stone. If there was little stone, this result- would not .be modi to rejoice over but seeing that the quartz b abundant, the effect of tins crushing goes to show that with more capital, more muscle, and more faith, the Dead Horse Ranges would soon become famous for the auriferousness of their reefs, and for the wealth they would pour into this town. The yield of the Sovereign, in another direction, shows steady improvement. The average result Ls increasing, mid little doubt prevail? amongst those who are working the mine; that as it becomes opened lip, the crushings will excel thoBeof the Queen Victoria adjoin ing, and ultimately become, if economically Worked, a steady dividend-paying pfofc ject. The stone fa Mghly charged with pyrites, so ngicb .so that S cwt lately treated yielded 2 oz 2 dwt of gold. This result should stimulate the erection of the necessary appliances to treat the pyrites in the claim, by which there can be no doubt a good average yield would be obtained from the stone. Further .south, the New Homeward Bound is doing good .. . work. The tribufors atthe No.i'2 shaft have kept the battery crushing four days daring the past, fortnight, mid obtained 35£ oz of gold — a result which speaks well for the pro spects of that mine. Let us now come back to the Black Hill, and see what fa doing there with quartz. The Parade Company are opening up very -promising lodes. Last week 122 tons of stone was put through die mill with a result of 77 oz 11 dwt of bar gold. The reef in the main drive from which, the bulk of thb gold was obtained is well-defined, and there is every probability therefore of the yield increasing as ..the ground is : more exten sively opened lip. Tri the same direction the Black Hill .No, 2 Tribnte lately crushed 70 'ions "for a "yield of 39 oz 10 dwt, this being the result of only twenty men's labor for a fortnight . Then there ts the New Red Streak, which -carries one of the best ' defined lodes in the district, and which has just given 148 oz of retorted gold as the result of only six days' work. We may well add to all these gratifying results of quartz mining in Ballarat itself, what is going on at Elaine, where new reefs are being opened' up almost weekly, and where crushings are being .obtained which even Sandhurst, carmot excel. A thousand men af ieast are now developing the quartz lodes pf that offshoot of Ballarat, and tracing them steadily towards thb db trict, the results being of , a really splendid description, and the reefs proving to be as permanent as the most sanguine could desire. Passing from ourquartz, we find just as wel come a state of things prevailing in our alluvial ground. The discovery of a good wash hi the St. George, 70 feet above the bottom , of the . gutter, - implies a , mw reef wash existing in ground yet virgin to the pick, and- of which we shall know something still, more definite in the courseof a few weeks: So far' as it has been tried, however, the result has been extremely satisfactory, 60 oz 10 dwtj of rough ' gold having - betar obtained "out1 of four machines." "The Koh-i-Noor has at length reached the new wash . which it tapped a few weeks hack, and the result b shown in '205 oz being obtained in one week, and a still larger yield last. Thb new main drive, of- the J?afk Company promises ' to result almost as satisfactorily, .once it is extended to the wash, found in. that claim abont three months' ago. To all these proofs ; that- our alluvial'', ground'- is likely ere long to restore . Ballarat to its ''cld'.'glorjqi wrf may- add- the1 discovery made last -week ' by the DevonsMre Com- j pany at Buninyong, and . a numbbr'of other' finds made in: several. parts of this district. Theeffectof thefuriher development of these projects, wil!,be a.great, demand .,tiiJg Jn fdr lalWj'aarEnj' tice md drndeiid- paying days, which kindled so much energy in the past, and which have made thb town famous wherever material wealth, pluck, or perseverance, commands attention and A review fc£,the. progressive work which is now being, dime in tins district thus dearly shows jth the old fire has not gone bfet here yet,bj£t: that while the dbtrict tfah been' alternately pitied and condemned d>y- ouaeg,5fs ' own people have not only paved the way for fresh triumphs, but have actually obtained them in seve ral directions. We repeat , the statement we made at the start,, that in no time have greater exertions keen madia, to de-? velop the resources of tMs district than are being ' displayed now. Easfj west, north, and south earnest work is " being done, and the result can only be doubtful in the minds of those persons who never can be brought to believe that - there b food in the house until they have got. it inside their own mouths. There b neither lack of energy nor absence of spirit in the old place, freely as it fa accused of wanting both. A little time b alone required to make its .alluvial as much the wonder of everybody as it was in the past, and to give the same promi nence to its quartz lodes — often as they have been derided, and stupidly as they have been condemned. The branch mall ateamsraws sighted off Glenelg at three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and at eight o'clock in the evening the Baroda pat in an appearance, off the Otway. .' The mails, far Bal larat and surrounding di -txicta will arrive tiy this morning's train, and, no doubt be delivered before two o'clock; Elsewhere; will be found the news brought liy the Baroda, which reached U6 last night by our special express from QueensclrEL His Honor Judge Rogers has been gazetted Judge of the County Court at Stiegtitz, vice Judge Forbes, on leave. Some three or four months hence, the Government will be called upon to make other judicial appointments, as we have authority in stating that his Honor Judge Rogers will retire from the bench in May next. The interest of the drama increases. On Friday afternoon the banks agreed to discontinue charging commission on all country cheques. Rather a smart capture of a runaway horse was made on Saturday in the Main road: A horse attached to a cart belonging to Mr John Paterson had been JeftiSomewheTO in-Bodgol'Htregt, pro bably opposite the shopjfagr, when the animal took fright and bolted- down the street at a furious rate, to the no 'smaU consternation of the pedestrians. When near Barkly street, a man engaged - in Mr M'Kissock'a shop -rushed out, and, getting alongside the shafts of the 'cart, caught the hbree"by the' head, and pulled it up. Several of Mr Paterson's employes then arrived in cabs ; but owing, perhaps, to an oversight — scarcely justifiable, however, under the circum stances — the plucky fellow who stopped the run away was not thanked far his services, and even was not invited to join in the refresher which the others interested indulged in while congratulating one another on the fact that no injury had been done to either cart, harness, or horse. It appears, to be no easy task to invent and construct a reaping and binding machine, fit for actual work in the field. In the minds of inventors, or according to their personal statements as made to members of the Ballarat Agricultural Society, the job is not a difficult one, but actual proof is to the contrary. The Messrs Learmonth, Bath, and two other members of the above society, recently subscribed £20 as a loan to a Mr Hyland.tif Camper-down, who said he required just that amount to complete a machine -upon which he had texpended-neariy £300 aChis tbtramoneyrTbeiEto was advanced, andjthp jngn- fffinfehed" his reaper and binder ; but upon being .put : to the test a few days ago, in. the presence of Mr' Bath and others, the machine simply proved to be a' failure. Another inventpr is at work on a Teaper and binder at Cogfaill's Creek, but it is doubtful whetherhe will be more successful than the Camper- down man. Though the law against the Sunday sale of liquors is not very strictly enforced just now, the police are determined to take .proceedings against ok BnGBotdsof -all hotels' in "which card-playing or any other game is permitted. Two offenders of this land-were discovered by Sergeant Earner whilst going his usual rounds last Sunday week. Their names are Isaac Jonas, of the Earl of Zet land hotel; and C. Farlass, of the colonial wine shop in Bridge street. They will appear to answer the charges preferred against .them at the Town Police Court this morning: ' . On Saturday afternoon Miss Ward was sitting sewing in her bedroom at her father's residence, near Mr Funcke's tannery, Scarsdale, when she was modi surprised , to see a snake in the ceil ing. She at once procured assistance, and the. ceiling was ripped up, but his snakeship made off towards the dairy, and could not be found. The flooring was taken up, and every possible place, searched, and Mr. Ward's family, began to think their unwelcome visitor had made good his rctro vriieh the search his snakeship betrayed bis presence by causing asligbt movement in the lining of the room as he glided along. . Mr A. Ward immediately fired at the spot, and hit the snake about 3 inches behind the head. It turned out to be a carpet snake, measuring about 3 feet 6 inches — a very undesirable kind of viator to ladies apartments. . The following areolar has been addressed by the Assistant-Commissioner of Lands and Survey to each shire council and district road board' throughout the colony : — I hare to request your council will be good enough to cause this depart ment to be supplied as soon as practicable with tracings of all deviations hitherto made within the shire or road district, and that in fat ure this de partment may he. communicated with prior to action being taken to divert any surveyed road on Crown land in such shire or road district." At a meeting of the Borough Council of Cluncs, held last Wednesday, a letter was read from the Clunes Water Commission, alleging that the council had, at an interview held at Craig's hotel, on the I4th October, 1872, agreed to take over the waterworks upon certain conditions, and stating that the Clunes Commission was now in a position to accept the terms then agreed-upon. The mayor and other councillors, who were present at that interview, denied that any agreement whatever had been come to on that occasion. A resolution was carried to refer the commission to the letter of thecoum-il dated the 9th of this month; and to request answers to the questions it contained. An old man named Patrick Moody, who has been a long time in the town, and who was well-known to many while carrying on business as shoemaker in Ballarat East, came to the Eastern lock-up yes terday morning -in a dying state. He was suffer ing from-a severe attack of dysentery, which ap peared to have rendered, him eo weak that he could not stand an his feet. Sergeant Earner had him conveyed to the Hospital. On enquiring there last night, we learned that little if any improvement had taken place. . 'There she is; see "the lightning coming out of her mouth and eyes: see it flashing across the hall. There she is again. How she's gone into the green-baize of-the door. Get her -out ; stop her ; send her away 1" These were the mad ex clamations of a young man who was standing near the "door of the Mechanics' hall on Saturday night. He was evidently suffering from Miriam tremens, or insanity of some sort, as he confidentially in-, formed W ' by slander 'that the ghost of a yoitng woman had been following "him far thelast fort night, that he saw her everywhere and at all times, and . that ' lightnings kept flashing from her mputii and eye8._.. He said that ;she stood nit ' his" bedroom' door every night, and that he could not sleep because of her "apparition. Being ad vised to visit a doctor, he said no, he would go Jo a priest — who would lay the ghost for him. He said he lived in service with the girl (at a certain hotel in Eydiard -atret); that 'she ffied not long ago, and was buried — he could not say whether in the Catholic or Protestant cemetery. Proceeding up Start street, he accosted several females as "Lizzie" — saying "There she is again — there she goes, don't you see the fire coming out of her mouth ; send her away, do!" Except on the sub- jeettff ""LizH'taeTMh'piSTO'be "relioiwT enough, - hht" the polire will probably inake' lns ac quaintance, and so "ascertain whether delirium SViBW".-.... W , A young fellow qmned .Thomas Houlahan, known to the police, was found on -Saturday night in the garden of Patrick Moloney,' in the Mel bourne road.' His object in being there was eyi| dently to steal fruit, for several of the trees appeared ioiave -:bcen roughly handletEadle w£s given into custody and taken to the Eastern lock up, cimrged with bring found by night without lawful exeusegand will be brought up at the Town Police Court fait morning. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Fanners QfibytiSTiSff KFTSBg. sT®3 oh"T5a(5rday, M? Jopling in the (hair. There was'a Very small at? tendance of members. Mr John Phillips read a paper on the potato: Iheyqot, he said, is capable of producing its own kmd for perhaps fifty years, but it most be renewed Occasionally through the natural seed, otherwise it will become extinct. B T ; ;C A variety of kinds can be obtained by preserving (lie berries of different blossoms. In the proper cul tivation of the potato, he had come to the conclusion that the seed requires ventilation in lumpy, deeply- ploughed ground ; that when a soil is close, but difeoscd to split up kito lumps of excessive toughv n®. which is the case in mam- parts of VictoriS his paper, Mr Phillips detailed the best method of planting the seed. On the motion of Mr Mather, a Vote .Of Snnl-B ira, paawt to Mr. Philliiis forhia - interesting paper, and the meeting then terminated. Concerning matters educational, the services and sympathies of Mr W. C. Smith, M.L.A.. have been enlisted by the private school teachers, to present to the Minister of Instruction a memorial, adopted by the teachers at their meeting on Saturday last. Another petition, signed by 267 parents of children residing in the north part of the City, near the New Cemetery, has also been entrusted to Mr Smith. This petition contains a series of resolu- tions carried at an influential public meeting held in the Borough Boundary hotel on Friday night, in which the Minister of Instruction is me- morialised to establish a State school in that neighborhood, and for which purpose a building hitherto used as a private school is ad- mirably adapted. Mr Smith has promised his hearty co-operation in the school movement, and to-day will receive other deputations on the sub- ject. Mr James, M.L.A., is also actively identify- ing himsely with the movement. Mr Gilchrist has given instructions to all the teachers in this district who have to refuse admission to children, to keep a record of their names and ages, and has suggested that in admitting new applicants, pre- ference be given to those between the ages of six and fifteen, according to the act; and that where there is accommodation for boys and girls above or below those ages, that the older ones be admitted — as these pupils must get their education now, or never, whilst there is plenty of time for the tuition of the children who are under six. At Sebastopol there is a desire on the part of many parents to get the Church of England non- vested school placed under the Minister of Instruc- tion as a State school. Mr Gilchrist (by adver- tisement elsewhere) invites certificated teachers out of employment to communicate with him with- out delay. Mr Lowther by the same means an- nounces that vacant seats in the Errard Street School cannot be reserved longer than the 24th instant. We are informed that a fatal accident occurred at Burrumbeet on Friday. Two men were bath ing in the creek, when one of them was seized with cramp, or from some other cause was acci dentally drowned. We have not learned the name of the mah, or particulars of the accideint. An infamous den in Enreka street, near the Chinese Camp/was early on 'Saturday morning the scene of : most revolting orgies, in the course of wMchan infanVoidy "eight weeks (fid had lis skull fractured tnd ft nofexpected to live. The house is . .occupied, by, a notorious prostitute named Bridget OVee, and -there;" at the time mentioned, were . collected a chosen hand consisting of six women and two bullies. Three little children and the injured infant were also inmates of the dwelling. Hie revelry had continued for upwards of an hour, when an. event occurred that struck terror into -the minds oft those present, exhausted as they were. The woman O'Deehhd skid that she could get plenty more children, andhinted that she was no t particular about the livea of those she had; but noone expected the practical illustration of her statements that followed. AblackfeUow, who, it ap peared, was known to ODee, made -his appearance in the room, and, before anypne could guess what was about to happen, O'Dee caught up her infant from the bed and threw it at the new arrival. When picked up blood-was oozing from the baby's head and nose,-' and, afraid of consequences, the woman at onrieagreedto send fofDVBartlenian, who pronounced the child's case all but bbpeless, frac ture of the skull having taken place.- The mother then determined on getting the child baptised, and after a discussion as to what minister should per form the ordinance, it was determined . to send for a Roman Catholic, priest. The. child having been baptised, the matter was reported to the police ; and ' About- ' teh o'clock' S&gSant; Lamer had the woman O'Dee. arrested as a vagrant, and sort with her infant to the gaol. The child was examined by Dr Buncm jv£o corroborated wbat Pr BartUmairhad -saidl Last night, oh enquiring at the gaol, we learned that; the child was still living, but very litfle.hope of its recovery was en tertained. The woman ODee wiH be brought up at the Town Police Court this morning. -.Die history of the defection of. the1 two Cazalys from the Ballarat crew, formed to compete in the forthcoming Intercolonial Boat Race is nota very 'creditable one: - Ned Williams had made arrange ments for starting practice, and, up to the 12th of January, had heard periodically from James Cazaly as to how he and his brother John were getting on with their training. ' On the 16th January, James Cazaly suddenly wrote that he was going to form a Melbourne crew, and of course could not now row, with Williams, i We/ are glad .to bear, however, that the loss of the Cazalys will not be much frit. Ned "Williams is' still determined to row, and from him we learn that he will not only enter on the 1st of February, but will start with a good crew, and out of the four two will probably be " maidens." A good deal of " coaching" is wanted, but Ned says' he will do it ; and tye only hope his pluck will be rewarded by the result of the race. A handicap sailing match took place on Satur day between six well-known boats, viz.: — The Dauntless, Star, Courier, Waterwitch, Prima Donna, and Sir Charles Darling. The prize, a new mainsail, was won by The Courier, the witch second. The others gave up the chase. Mr Ramus, the saQmaker, , actedns Btarter and judge. The race was a very slow one, as there was scarcely any wind. - The dancing saloons of Ballarat East, which appeared to have been effectually put down by the amendment of the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Statute, act springing up afresh under very much the same fostering influences as the old ones. Several of them exist in various parts of the town,, but the police have their eye on them, and it is not likely they will long be allowed to go unchecked. ' Indeed, one of them has already been selected as a target. Madame Francis was on Saturday night visited by Inspec- tor Ryall and Sergeant Larner. When the officers went there they found some fifty larrikins and a few women of the town assembled, and making violent efforts, with the aid of a couple of very bad musicians, to keep up dancing with spirit.. .Madame Francis at a small bar was selling some doubtful-looking Iiqnor, believed by those who drank it to be brandy. Sergeant Lamer, however, believing it to be poison, secured a bottle of it, and intends to have it analysed. Meanwhile Madame Francis will be proceeded against for selling liquor without a license, and it is just possible that enough brandy will be found in the liquid to secure a conviction. The Home News, to hand last night, says that the Hon. Elliot Yoikc, who visited Australia with H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, is engaged to marry the daughter of Sir Antony Rothschild in February. The lady does not become a Christian. The possibility of curing leprosy has not yet, so far as we are aware, been shown anywhere except, in the Bible ; but the history of the lepers on Clay ton's Hill plainly proves that nourisWng food and proper care mitigate, if they do not arrest the virulence of, the disease. Some time ago, when the habitations of these unfortunates were com posed of tin, canvas,- and other materials that ren dered them the reverse of comfortable, and when their means of livelihood were precarious, the ravages of the disease carried them off one by one. Since the new buildings were erected and a care taker appointed, and food regularly supplied to them, they appear to have got considerably better. In the case of the three lepers now living on the hill, the disease seems to have been stayed,- and they look fresher and fatter than on their first arrival. There have not been any additions for some time: so. that it is pretty certain -the disease is not spreading. A number of influential gentlemen met in Craig's hotel on Saturday last, with a view of. organising a company for the purpose of working a ri.-h coal field known to exist in Gipps Land. The disco verer and prospector was in attendance, and sub mitted samples of coal and plan of locality. The meeting was adjourned till this day, at half-past eleven, at same place. WV would -call attention this morning to St. John's Anglican Sunday School trip to Gcelong on Wednesday next. The train will leave the Western station at eight o'clock sharp, and the cost of the trip is— For adults js, and children 2s Gd. Our Smythcsdale correspondent writes : — I have obtained the following particulars of the. effect of the new Education Act on the schools in this district — At School 978, Smythcsdale, the/average attendance at the close of last year1 was about 200; it. has increased to 270. and it is considered tiiat the attendance of altout fifly is duetto thq (abolition ,of- fqes, £a considerable number of thetii seem not to.have' attended s-tiool before. At School 980, Scarsdale, the attendance has increased from 345 to about 400. 1; is be lieved that about two-thirds of the increased atten dance. is due to -the, ahofitioh of the fees. At School 574, Snake .Yaih/y, the atrerage atten-ianoe last year wait ' about " 400. There wore 180 present on 14th January, and it i- ,ox- )x>cted : the number 'will -increuse up to '-'5ft. ' About one-third. of the -newcomers have not lni-n tllcndiiigiKhpnhMtt, ayLidheAesbUte froaxpzhafe schoois. At School 8S0, Linton,; the Htteudmice has increased from 80 to 180 ; about half of the new comers have not attended school before. At School 720, Piggoreet, the attendance has increased from 160 to 200. Of the forty all but ten have had their names on the books before, and ntoteqm%een attending thnAjjtb- ribAnHjLt y of patents to pay the fees. bjpeslT/at a unumhraNf the olhpr ehildrchk(u-oul2f)lAvc icf t for pike same reason laid nbt the new actpoixgb in force, pliie toasters complain of the bafekwdSSness of lithe dfidren who. have befen attendfitift-private p schoqlMtand of ilhe gr&at; difficulty in chissifying |'tuNjpbiTi p sent to theSBiooIs, apparently me rely for-th"e "ptupu se of sending them out of the of theirphrents. The new schools recently erected""!®- floljthesdale and Scarsdale are far too small for the number of children who are attending, and will have to be enlarged very -speedily. The private schools in Smythesdale, Scarsdale, Carngham, and Linton have been almost deserted, which must, in several instances, entail a large amount of suffering on those who. have for years been, depending on their schools for a livelihodd. . The ingenuity of the Heathen Chinee is not to be beaten. Fan-tan playing and lotteries are pro hibited by Jaw, and the. law cannot very well be defied. It seems, howeva:, that it can be evaded. In place of fan-tan, a new game, called "fluke," has been instituted. It resembles dominoes, and seems to be quite as much enjoyed by the tawny pagans as ever their old games were. The cainp is nightly crowded jrithmlayers, Chinese and European, and what the upshot" of it all trill be remains to be seen. It is said that' the police intend to try the legality of "fluke." In another part of our to-day's issue will be found an advertisement setting forth the functions and amxrintmeiits of the gentlemen connected with the School of Mines, and the lectures, classes, and examinations to be held during the year. The City Council would do well to set apart a portion of Lake Woidouriee as a bathing place for boys. A space might lie cleared on the south side of the lake, Where the youngsters might swim in safety without having the fear of the law before their eyes. At present they make their way along 'the embaifiancnt (or what is left of It), and when near the centre of the serpentine way, they undress and swim or wade across to one of the islands. About a dozen boys were observed on Saturday skedaddling along the embankment, in various stages of undress, in a fright at the approach of the mayor and councillors in the double-cigar boat- The youngsters had been taking what — considering the heat of the day — might be re garded as a pardonable dip. We are glad to notice, from the last balance- sheet of the Ballarat Lodge, Order of St. Andrew — a copy of which we have received — that the monetary affairs of the society are in a very flourishing state. The incidental fnnd account was commenced at the beginning of the term with a balance of £6 16s od, and the balance on the31st December last .was £13 13s 4d. Our readers are doubtless aware that in several other orders fre quent complaints have been made, of other funds swallowing this one lip. The sick fund account for the some period showed an opening balance of £5219s>Gd, and when the accounts were closed there was a balance m hand of £87 4s. We learn also that the society is increasing considerably in numbers. . „ . . ' " It's a regular take-in ; it's a swindle," said the ex-mayor of the city as he was rescued on Satur day from a watery flounder in Lake Wendonree, into which he had been precipitated from a boat which overbalanced with him at the moment when he was stepping from the landing-stage, - It was evident -fromThe drenched condition of the worthy copncillor. thal the Jake was a '"take-in," and .that he had a decided objection to such a sudden and undignified process of soaking. Water in the form of tonic, soda, seltzer, or otherwise a tittle mixed, is very well- in its way," was the reflection of the jolly ex-mayor, " but hang me if I tike it in thia fashion." .Nothing daunted by miship, however, he entrusted himself to two skilled oars men, who conveyed himftfcfdy to the double-cigar boat, where ' he closely inspected the operations of the rushcutter. His Honor Judge Rogers sat in chambers on Saturday, and granted an order nisi in the estate of Jeremiah Hartley. An application was made to compel the mining registrar of Creswick to register Mattie, D'Angri, and party, as the occu pants of a claim in the Creswick division. An order nisi . was made, returnable next Saturday, when his Honor will again sit in chambers. Sergeant M'Culiagh has just concluded " his annual inspection of the cabs of tile city, and the sergeant's report -is favorable to -the cabbies. The number of -cabs has fallen off a little since last year, bnt those which remain (about 120) are in good order and condition— cabs, harness, and horses. We are pleased to know that the cabmen of Ballarat, are as a class, superior to thoseof Mel- bourne or any other place in the colony, and that they drive better cattle and tarn but more respect ably than the majority of cabbies in other towns. The .Public Works Department are carrying otft some " improvements" at the New Court-house — that is, the well-painted walls are being covered with an extra coat, and money is bong expended in a departmental manner which could be better applied to other purposes.. Instead of freshly painting walls which do not require the paint brush,, if .a fireplace or stove were placed upon the bench, some . curtains being around the seat of justice to deaden the resonant charac ter of the judicial alcove — so that the Judge's voice might be heard when addressing the jury, and that witnesses and members of the bar might he plainly heard by the Judge; and if a swing double- door were placed in the passage leading from the barristers' room, to 6top the draught which gives the press, the bar, and the bench the ' shivers" during winter, the department would deserve the, thanks of all who: officially attend the court. At present, however, money is being almost uselessly expended. Added to the verdict of accidental death at the inquest held on the hody of the miner, Williamson, killed in the- Lotbair -shaft at Clones last week, was a strong recommendation that lights should permanently Be kept on plats. A street preacher was "exalting himself in the eyes of men" near the cab-stand In Start street on Saturday evening. His antecedents appeared to he known to some of the persons standing round ; he was, therefore, not to be suspected of attracting a crowd for pocket-picking purposes. This is an old dodge, however, in the metropolis of the old country. A meeting of the finance committee of the Bal larat Water Commission was held on Saturday morning last, for the purpose of considering the draft bond for the new loan from the Commercial Bank, and to take steps to obtain a further re duction of interest on the overdraft. This matter was left in the bands of the chairman, Commis sioner Cowan. Except where the crops have been beaten down in places, Mr Bath informs us that the harvest yield in the Learmonth district will be a good one. The City Board of Health met on Saturday, for the purpose of making regulations for the deposit -of nightsoii (which, in future, is to be trenched into" the south portion of the Botanical Gardens, instead of being deposited in the Public Park). This appears to be a very good plan, as the work of trenching and manuring the unmade portions of the Gardens can thus be accomplished at the same time. Tbe work must be done effectually and well, however, if the operation is not to prove offensive to visitors to the Gardens. Locusts have made their appearance at Lear month, and are creating havoc in some of the paddocks. We are fast being overtaken by real summer weather. Yesterday the thermometer registered from 100 to 102 deg. in the sun. and 90 dcg. in the sh;de. A- raid upon Chinese fan-tan players, at Little Bcndigo, was made last night by Sergeant Walsh and one or two constables. The Celestials made a desperate resistance, hut four of them were cap- tared, and one or two bags of Chinese and English money were confiscated. Die offenders against the law-were brought in to town and lodged in the Eastern lock-up. The City Council have appointed a stand in front of the Post Office, Sturt street, for cabs running to Darling street, the Cattle-yards, &c.; Badielder's Pantoscope was exhibited at the Apollo Hall, Clunes, on Friday and Saturday evenings, to excellent andiences. The fine calf Goliah Booth, by Field Marshal Booth, only ten months of age, bred by Mr R. M'Dongal, was on Friday sold to Messrs M'Far- land, of Nap Nap, Rirerina, for the large sum of 300 guineas. This is one of the ' best calves bred in Victoria. It is notified in the Government. Gazette that the undermentioned gentlemen have, after examina tion, been authorised to effect suireys for the Board of Land and Works : — W. II. Fuller, Sand hurst ; F. W: Hill, Sandhurst ; R. A. F. Murray, Ballarat ; W. K. Andrews, Melbourne. Die Coioneftcommandant, in a brigade order, lias signified his approval of the following appoint ments in the 1st and 3rd B.V.R., which have yet to be confirmed by the .Governor in Council : — To be sergeants — W. Bennett, J. Grant, A. Henry, 3rd B.1LC. To be bugle-major — Sergeant Nesbitt, 3rd B.R.C. To be corporals— J. V. M./Hitchins and. It- Shaw. 3rd B. V.It. The 'commandant has also approved of the following acting appoint ments, viz.;— To be acting corporals — S. Lamble. E. DOnnett, P. O'Neal, A Iniany, R. Lang, W. Sneddon, R. M'Nair, E. Montague, J. .Patterson, 3rd B.R.C. By far the "greatest 'proportion of the non-rested schools (says the Argus of Saturday) have now signified their willingness to avail themselves of the 10th clause of the Education Act. Replies have been received from 443 out of 530 of these schools; 426 schools signify their acceptance of the terms contained in the circular of the department, seven still remain doubtful, eight have applied-te Test their property in the state, and one onl-has absolutely withdrawn. Singing and drawing jnys- ters have been informed tlui, for the pretontffiey may charge each cliild .2s 6d per quarter for in struction given in either of jhesel subjects in State schools. . X1 Messrs R. U. Nicholls and ."Co., of "Armstrong street, are now making a splendid -show of goose berries. Die display is well worth seeing, and" the same may be sard of some magnificent peSx, which are also on view in the Armstrong street establish ment. The sporting case in which the Argus and Mr J. R. Wallis were mixed up, arising out ofttbe declaration made by Grim wood, that Wallis offered him£oO to "blue the race," has been enquired into, and resulted in the stewards disqualifying Wallis from ever again running, owning, or riding a horse on the Croxton Park course. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator thus accounts for the laches at the late manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Castleuiaine : — " It appears the young man was about to.marry a fine young lady, the daughter of a rich squatter, and who is possessed of a consider able sum of money in her own right. It is be lieved the unfortunate fellow, whose salary was but small, had used the funds of the bank to the extent mentioned for the purpose of furnishing a house for Ids intended bride, fully purposing to restore the money to the bank." Friday's Express states that it was rumored at Dunolly on Thursday evening that three lor four youngsters, who had- been indulging too freely bathing or swimming during the heat, had been taken with paralysis. The following distressing incident is reported by the Bendigo Independent: — A respectable-looking woman, about forty years of age, made a most de termined attempt at self-destrufiiion on 'Friday afternoon, by throwing herself into the dam in the upper reserve. Some persons .who fortunately happened to be near at the time prevented the mad act from bong accomplished, and the woman was subsequently lodged in the lock-up. She gave her name as Jane Campbell, and stated that she had lately come from Bunnymede, in order to prosecute her husband for deserting her. The police, she alleged, had persuaded her not to do so, and her husband had subsequently taken her child from her. It was in consequence of this she had deter mined to commit suicide. . Referring to the state of the crops in the Redes- dale district, the Kgneton Guardian says that the average promises to be a good one. MrBreiherton has threshed 28 bushels to the acre from his farm ; Mr M'Kindlay 23 bushels. These are perhaps not equal to the returns whieh are reported from other parts of the colony, but they are very good, and they are not the best. Die oat crop about Redes- dale is a light one altogether, bnt there wjl be some exceptionally heavy returns ; Mr M'Kindlay, for example, has got 104 bags from 10 acres. Reports from Emberton, Glenhope, and Baynton are very favorable. About Malmsbury and Green- hill there will also be a very fair return. The Dunolly Express reports that ol some ten or twelve farms that have threshed out, the lowest return was;2o busheis fo the acre, and from that up to 35bushel9 were obtained. . In consequence of the reduction by the banks of the rate of discount, the Government (the Argus states) on Friday decided to reduce the interest allowed on the Post Office Savings Banks de posits from 4 per cent, to 3 per cent. The reduc tion will take effect from the 1st February. In some respects at least Sandhurst people lag behind Ballarat folks. The Evening Star states that the hair-dressers of Sandhurst have come to a resolution that they will do no Sunday business on and after the first Sunday in February next. The Wcsleyan Conference at Sydney is exciting some attention. The Sydney Morning Herald states that the sittings of the conference will probably extend over a fortnight. About 110 minis ters are expected to be present, including re presentatives from Victoria, South Australia, Tas mania, Queensland, and New Zealand. Special interest attaches to this conference, as in all pro bability it will be the last of its kind. Hitherto this annual asserably«has been held respectively in Sydney, Adelaide, Tasmania, and Melbourne ; but in future there will be four conferences every year, and a general conference once in three years. The satisfactory state of the financial market has induced the Government (according to the Argus) to invite tenders for the purchase of the whole or part of £500,000 of Victorian Govern ment stcck, to be issued under the authority of Act No. 439, and bearing interest at the. rate of 4 per cent, per annum. Tenders will he received at the Treasury until noon of 4th February. The Geelong Advertiser states that' Mr Kranse, the Government geologist, is still pursuing his ex aminations of Cape Otway forest, his chief object bang to discover and follow up any indications of coal. It is said he has discovered such indications on the Retreat Creek, at the back of Vinehelsea, and lias determined upon ranking a shaft there in order to see if a payable seam can be found. Mr H. Henty has been appointed to succeed his father (the Hon. James Henty) as one of the com missioners of "Savings Banks of Victoria. It is expected that the price of coal will be still further advanced. Work at the Newcastle collieries has been indefinitely suspended in consequence of the attitude of the' miners. There is some talk of importing labor from the old country. A private meeting of stockowners and others was held at Scott's hotel on Friday, to make ar rangements for exporting meats frozen by Mr Harrison's process. The Minister of Mines and the secretary, Mr Brough Smyth, returned on Friday (the Telegraph says) from their visit to the Coranderk Aboriginal Station. They report that the cultivation on the station is of a superior character, and by means of an open aqueduct a plentiful supply of water has been obtained from the river in the vicinity, not only for domestic purposes, but for irrigating the land under tillage. The Age says ' that Mr T. W. Jackson, chief clerk at the Post Office, will go to Sydney with the Victorian delegates to the Intercolonial Con ference, as their secretary. The following impudent robbery is reported by the Herald: — At a little after one o'clock ou Saturday morning, Mr F. Zeplin, whilst pasting down A'Bcckett street on his way home, was attacked by three men, who knocked, him down and robbed him of his gold watch and all the money in his pockets. The attack was so sudden, and the retreat of the thieves so rapid, that Mr Zeplin had tittle time afforded him for portrait- taking, bnt he saw quite enough of the footpads to be enabled to give to the police such informa tion as will doubless lead to a speedy capture. Die Herald gives the following as the state of the Melbourne betting maiket up to :four o'clock on Saturday afternoon: — Geelong Handicap — Valentine, 4 to 1 off; Count and Clodhopper, 5 to 1 off ; Misty Morn or Blue Peter, 6 to 1 off. Handicap and Cup— Valentine and Mis ty Morn, 100 to 5 off ; Valoitine and Valentine, 100 to 5 offered ; Planet and Clodhopper, 100 to 3 tk ; Bine Peter and Clodhopper, 100 to 3 tk ; others mixed, 100 to 4 off. Hurdle Race — Mont, 4 to 1 tk, 3 to I off ; Horizon, 5 to I off. Hurdle and "Steeplechase — Murat and Mnrat, 100 to 5 off; Murat and Prior, 100 to 4 tk ; any other two, 100 to 4 off. Quadruple — The Leviathan offers, if not laid, J00 Jo 2. IVhat.wUl Caledonians say to this? The hlary- horong/e. Ch ronicle gravely states that "ahuge snake died ffont fright on hearing the. sound 'of the.jiag- pipes.-: -Die snake had found its way into a pri vate house; and the owner, not liking to taclde iiim, tried Whet would be the effect of ' Love among the Hoses,' played .on the pipes. The result was as we haye just described. The snake, on haorinjr the sound, reared itself on high, darted outfits tongu'qi Savagely, fell over with a guzzle, and expired." ' It is stat ed remarks the Geelong Advertiser), as an instance of what may he done by a system of good fanning,, that Mr Miller, of Teqsdale, has never had a 'bad or rusty crop during the past twelve years, and this year will probably obtain 280 bushels of wheat from seven acres of land. The land on which this wheat was grown has already been ploughed, harrowed, and put up in ridges, through which the wind can pass. Mr Miller bas had the rust on farms dose alongside of him, but never on his own land. He is said to be a firm believer in fallowing, and rotation of crops. Die Albury Banner remarks that it is really ! difficult to obtain reliable information as to the prices of wheat and flour in different partB of the district. In the last issue of a Wagga IVagga eo n tempo ray, wheat is quoted at from 5s 3d to 6s ; while a gentleman from the same locality states that 3s 6d is the rating price. Under the initials " J J.M." the Aigus has com menced the publication of a series of letters from London on " Australian Food Products, and their Use in preat Britain." ... Die Town Hall Com Exchange. Sandhurst, was "Pened_ aJ.' public m-honl nil Thursday „ Die charge of it lias been given to. Mr Masters, late principal of All Saints Comraon School. The exchange has been fitted up with desks, foh, and, makes a most commodious schoolroom. There, was a numerous attendance of buys and. girls at once. ' One of the,- etaqnehest protectionists" of New South Wales, Mr Julius Lippman, died last Mon day veiy suddenly. He had just alighted from a cab in Sydney when he dropped down in the street, and never breatlied again. The deceased was an , excellent speaker. ' Mr Spiller, of Lethbridgc, bas nine young leverets as tame as any domestic cat could be, and the manner in which they tumble over each other, and fight when rushing to take a drink of milk irombimfa-aaid to be very amusing. Tdranalci Herald complains that there is a great scarcity of labor in New Zealand. So much is this the case'that business men find much diffi culty to obtainVthe requisite number of hands to cany off their tatablishments. New Zealand must be in a btissjEul state indeed if tliis statement is true. .The Sydney Morning Herald writes most favor ably of -Miss Emanuel's singing. This young resident of Ballarat seems to have made quite a hit in the metropolis of the sister colony. The Chinese at Braidwood have embarked in horse-racing with great spirit. To celebrate the first day of the Chinese New Year, they have sub scribed money for several events, and. invite the patronage of Europeans for them. They are said to own some very good racers themselves. Professor Von Hochstetter, well known for his work on New Zealand, has been selected by the Emperor of Austria as professor of science to the1 young Crown Prince. 