CONFESSION. No. 7. 3?. O'Flanagan : Glad to see you again, Jones ; you muBt be tired of my lectures, 1 fear. We are nearly at the end of them now. Our last passage of Scripture if» in St. John, chapter xx. Have you found it ? Now then, verses 21 to 23, read them out in yeur own translation, Jones ; then you'll be sure it is all straightforward Jones : 'Then Baid Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you : as my Father hath sent Me, even ao Bend I you.' *' And when He had said this, He breathed on them, and saith unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. *' Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remit, ted unto them ; and whose soever sins ye retain they are retained.'' F. O'Flanagan : That is right. Are they sim ple words and clear ? Jones : They seem simple and clear enough. F. O'Flanagan: Well, they bring us to the 2a8t thing we had to attend to. We have s^en that there is nothing unlikely or unreasonable, or contrary to God's other deal ings, in His forgiving sins through men if He pleased. That was step one. j We have seen that Our Lord Himself forgave sins as man, and led people to think that sins would be forgiven through men. That was step two. Now we are at step three — did Our Lord give thia power of forgiving sina to men or not ? Jones : Aod you Hud it in this passage? F. O'Flanagan : I find it in that passage. The words are as clear as language can make them. '' Whose sina ye forgive.' Ye, Jones : who are meant by ye? Jones : The Apostles of course. F. O'Flanagan : WhoBe sins the Apostles for give Wnat about those sins, Jone3? Jones : They are forgiven. F. O'Flanagan : Were these Apostles men, -Jones ? Jones : Of course they were. F. O'Flanagan : But different men from you and me, Jones— nob children of Adam like us ? J ines : I don't see it. jour Reverence. F ;O' Flanagan: Bat giants, Jones, weren't they ? Made of other clay ? They lived so long ago you know, Jones. . They were a larger race ?of men— Ike the big fossil creatures at the Crystal' Palace. Junes : Now your Reverence is chaffing me. Th(?y were men like us, «.f course. F. 0 Flanagan : Of course they were, Jone3 ; men as we are, and men v\ ith faults ouch as we have — weak men who ran away from the Cruci fixion — and one of whom denied his Lord : men ?who looked for earthly g'o-y, and wondered who would be the greaust ; ignorant men. Jones, and i.literate, poor, and humble. Yet Oar Lord gave them the power of forgiving sins ? T.__ ? . *I i_ 1 _ . 1 ? 1*1 ? ' i_ ? __ u T- . ? joubs : Lb luuiis uk« iv, ywuz jAevereuce. F 0 Flanagan : It would be useless saj'ing : ' Whofe sins you forgive, they are forgiven,' if they were not to forgive anybody's sins, would it not, Joneb ? Jones : Surely, your Reverence is right there. F O'Flanagan : Well then, let us look more clo^c'y into the account. On what day and at what time were these uordn said 1 JoneB : On Eastor Sunday, I beliave, your Tleverence — the very Bame day He arose from the dead, in the evening. F. 0' Flanagan : Yea. Not until He arose from the dead, and when He Himself was no 1 jnger to appear as a living man among the liv» iog, and when, by His Crucifixion, He had won from His Father that all power — even the power over tio — should be given into His hands as man. Jones : As man ? F. O'Flanagan : Yes, as man. As God He had all power from all eternity, had he not ? Jones : To be sure He had, of coui*.ae. F. O'Flanagan : Then it would not need to be given. His own life among living men was over, meu had not willed that He should Btay among them He could not any longer stop on earth Himself and with His own human lips use the power given Him as man and forgive sins. While He was Himself on earth to forgive' sins, it needed not that He should give the power to others ; now He was to be no more on earth, . and if through human lips at all sins were to be forgiven, it must be through the human lips of other men — not through His own. Therefore, now, when His own life was over, He giveB His powers to others, that others may carry them on. Even we, Jones, with our little human wisdom, would do the same. If we wished our work to go on we should give it to our children, or to our friends, to do, when we could no more do it ourselves, should we not ? Jones : That is right, your Reverence. F. O'Flanagan : Let us look now more closely into the words and see how clearly Our Lord tells them that this is His intention, His mean ing, that what He had done they were to do. 'Peace be to you,' is the first. I forgive you MyBelf your sins ; — your cowardice at the Cross, your denial of Me, the wavering of your faith, your desertion of My Mother, all is pardoned. ' Peace be to you.' But I vt ill do more than pardon, 'As my Father hath sent Me, even so send I you.' What I have been on the earth, that you are to be. 'As my Father hath sent Me.' How did His Father send Him, and for what? Armed in His human nature with all power of heaven, with power to teach without chance of error, with power to interpret Scrip ture to the full, with power to give grace, with power to work miracles, with power to pray prayers that must be heard, with power to. offer a Sacrifice that could not be refused, with power to forgive sins— so had Hia Father sent Him, and — 'even so send I you.' Power also shall be yours to teach unerring, to interpret, to pray, to offer sacrifice, to forgive sin, and, therefore, now, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' And less there be a doubt of \ibat He means, He gives to His words a solemn action which He had never used to them before — He breathed Hia breath — the breath of the Risen God— upon them, the token of the Holy Spirit, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' When he so said, JoneB, did they receive the Holy Ghost, or were the word 8 of God empty s and did Hia breath return toHm? Jones : Surely they must have received Him. God does not speak in vain. F. O'Flaoagan : And t-v what purpose did they receive him? If *e are to be simple in explaining the language ©f God, if we are not to twiBt and torture God's words, as we should never dream of torturiug the words of man, they must have received the Holy Ghost that they rniuht have power to do that which Our Lord says they shall do in the wordB that follow— ' Whose sins you shall forgive tb«y are for given them.' This is the clear, plain meaning of the words. We have seen that there is nothing in that meaning which is strange or contrary to God's dealings with man, or against God's love, or beyond God's power ; therefore there is no reason for putting aside the plain meaning — and the Church has never Been reason for putting it aside, and has always said that this plain meaning is the true one. And for what other reason would they re ceive the Holy Ghost ? For their own holiness they had already received Him ; they had not been with the Sacred Heart so long, and not re ceived of Its holineBB ; their still further holi ness, and all the abundance of the Holy Spirit's gifts, they were to receive on Whit-Sunday. Our Lord did not give now what he had already given in Baptism ; nor did He give now what was to be ^iven at PeEticoat ; yet surely He gave now something — and what was that some thing but a gift, uot of holiness only, and not for the sake of the Apostles ouly, but a gift for the sake of all men and all times — this great gift ' Whose sins you shall forgive they are for given tlem.' Thus, Jonea, Our Lord's words and actions have all, at His first appearance to His Apostles, one clear, simple, connected meaning. He comes for a special reason — that ressun is to give to them powers which would show them at once that His death was not a defeat, but a victory ; that Hib work was still to go on ; and that, cowardly and weak as they had been, they were restored to His favour, and were to be the instruments by whom His work was to be carried on. And this purpi se for which He came He carries out by His wor^s. He sends them on the satue me&sage; on which His Father sent Him — and armed with the same powers. TJiafc they might have those powers He bids them receive the Holy Ghost, and as the princi pal part of the work He bids th^m forgive sins, and tells them that whom they forgive on earth He forgives also, and that His pardon is con veyed throuyhthem. And so, Jones, He completed the gift which He. regan at the Last Sapper. Then He gave them power as Priests to go on with anoher part of His work—the worship of His Father by tbe continual showing forth of His death in the. Holy Mass. The worship of His Father— for that He pro vides tirsr, even before He dies. j Tbe forgiveness of man— for this He provides ' next — on the very day of His rising. Aud tiiose two things are the things for which His Father sent Him — the worship of I God and the pardon of man. Now Jones, do you bdieve that Our Lord could have forgiven sins through man ? Jones : I do. F. O'Flanagan : That He forgave sins Him ) self as man when living among men ? j Jrvnea : I do. | F. O'Flanagan : That laBtly He gave tbe power He used as man to His fellow-men en Easter Sunday ? Jones : Yes ; I think your Reverence is right there too. F. O'Flanagan : Then get you gone, Jones, and afk the old woman to teach you how to examine your conscience. Jones : I can do that for myself, thank your Reverence. I shouldn't fancy confest-ing to the old woman, much as I like her. I will come en Monday ; but I phall have a word or two to say before I knetl dewn. F. O'Flanagan : Why ! what's the matter now ? Jones : Well ! I believe in it, you know, and all that ; but still I'm sot used to.it, and it seems so funny like. However, good night, your Reverence. 