Keeping simplicity in view as a -card.Ln.il point, it proposed to limit registration to fie- j simple interests in land, toJea^es, charge}, ' and mortgages. Within these categariw it desired to offer every encouragement fcr registration, admit'iag not only indefeasible titles, bat every title of actual possession. Those not investigated would, after being placed on the register, continue liable to all outstanding claims until the latter were weakened or excTudei by prescription. Inrd Cairns, in his measure of 1S59, did not adopt all the suggestions of the Commissioners, fie dealt only with indefeasible titles, and for theiaie varied the method of registra tion. A Ministerial crisis nipped his pro ject in the bud, and postponed land reform till Lord Westbury reluctantly and cau tiously took it up in 1S62. Indefensibility of title was the motto of this new Bill and of Lord Cranworth'a complementary measure. It was rendered still more impracticable by an exacting and merciless process of registration. In fact, as a measure of relief, this was so lightly thought of tfcai Lord Crauworth succeeded in maintaining an alternative resort to the Court oc Chancery. Tab modification, of the old p ocess proved in practice to be more lenient than the amending system. Lord Westbury's superfluity of precautions provoked so many objections and raised such a formidable array of difficulties that landed proprietors preferred to remain under the despotism of the family solicitor. Since 1S62 up to the present time there have been placed upon the register only 585 separate estates. It is doubtful if their area exceeds 50,000 acres, or their money value five millions sterling. In ten cases the registra tion was so unsatisfactory in its result that tbe proprietors withdrew their titles altogether. In comparing with this beggarly outcome of a great reform Lord Selborne could well afford to pay a compliment to the lay jurists of Australia. He characterized Sir R. Torren3 as 'the great benefactor of the colonies by the efforts he had made to obtain the introduction of that system.' Its success he said ' had been of the most satisfactory character. An owner was enabled, without the intercession of an attorney, and for a few shillings, with great rapidity, to transfer large and valuable estates in land, It was, of course, not to be expected that an old country like England could put herself in exactly so advantageous a position in this respect as the Australian Colonies; but it might be adopted and carried out here in a comparatively short space of time. The experience of the Aus tralian Colonies clearly proved two things — first, that such a system was equally applic able in this country; and, secondly, that it might be done as soon as we got out of the groove English titles had got into.' On the face of it this last declaration is striking. It exhibits to us an occupant of the woolsack, bearing an exceptional reputa tion for political sincerity, who does not fear to espouse the Australian system of regis tering land titles as the ultimate ideal of im perial legislation. What Lord Selborne has undertaken as an instalment of real relief of landowners is to abandon all the restrictions and conditions which have stultified past legislation. He openly prefers the original scheme of the Royal Commission of 1S57 to the modifications and curtailments which it suffered at the hands of the three Chan cellors. He proposes to establish instead of a close registry for indefeasible titles an open registry for all existing titles. In pursuance of that concession he intends to issue codified and uncertified titles, all of which would carry an absolute power of sale subject to the outstanding claims attaching to them. He wishes next to simplify registration by relieving owners from the necessity of deter mining questions of boundary. But the moat; tempting inducement he offers to the landed interest is a shortening of the periods of prescription. He would allow a safe holding title to be acquired in twenty years instead of in sixty years, as at present, and he would shut out adverse claims in ten years instead of in twenty. Lastly, he proposes to make registration compulsory in all cases of sale. It will thus be seen that his intended reforms are of a very comprehensive character. Immigration. — Heaven Helps those who help themselves; and the steps taken by Queensland to attract population have secured for her in England the aid of volunteer agents, whose efforts on her behalf are being attended with substantial results. The other day we published a petition from Joseph Arcb, the President of the Labourers' Union in England, to tbe Brisbane Parliament, intimating that the action of Queensland at home was much appreciated, and praying the Legislature to make increased provision for the importation of labour, so as to relieve the overstocked marketB of the midland counties. Since the presentation of that petition Mr. Edward Bichardson, a passenger by a recent emigran ship, has been lecturing at Brisbane, and giving some valuable hints as to the way in which emigration should be conducted In moving terms he describes the forlorn condition of thousands of British sub jects, rho live on, yw after year, as farm fixtures with all ambition crushed out of them-so dSgft^ !ndead that they care not to make an effort to free themselves from their degradation. The routine of their lives is thus described:— Between infancy and eight years old, taught the parish catechism and impressed with the absolute necessity of cringing to every one \rho has a five-pound note in his pocket; between eight and twelve, sent into the fields to play the part of animated scarecrows for the modest sum of 2s. per week ; between twelve and twenty, employed in sitting or working in the fields in the daytime, and now and then — very occasionally — sent to night school during a brief portion of the term; at twenty or thereabouts, married and supp&nl; with a cottage and a little furniture; at thirty, with a growing family around them, and compellea to go into debt to supply them with necessaries, {heir wages not averaging more than from 93. to 15s. a week ; at forty, with larger familee, each male member of them being gradually brought through the monotonous ordeal which bis father and father's father had passed through before him ; and so on to the end of the chapter. Every now and then in giving this narrative of domestic vegetancy the lecturer would branch off to speak of the wretchedness of the hovels in which human bongs were often crowded together, of tbe wsumcieocy of the wages earned to provide food for the labourers' families, and of the general prevalence of pauperism throughout the agricultural districts of England. Speaking of domestic servants, lie declares that there were thousands }f girls who now only earned some 4s. or 5s. i week by straw-plaiting or lace-making, who, ii facilities were afforded them, would readily emigrate. It was in referring to ihese facilities that Mr. Richardson was able x- throw out tbe useful bints to which we iave already adverted. He declared that it iras almost impossible to induce the labourer ;b' move unless he got some one in whom he md confidence to move with him. He him telf had come out because he had undertaken it a public meeting he was addressing to do io if those in the room would accompany iim. They had with one consent accepted iia proposal ; and when Mr. Daintree had ound a ship he was able to supply more ban 300 emigrants as passengers for t The plan thus bit upon by him or promoting emigration is not altogether lovel, seeing that it has been resorted to by Miss Rye for many years, but it has never )een utilized to the extent it might have been. Labourers in the mother-country, no matter iow low may be their wages and unenviable iheir general position, feel a strong and very latural repugnance to the idea of leaving lome for an absolute uncertainty. To the nott of them emigration is a mere leap ia the lark. Accustomed to lean upon others, they sannot summon up sufficient self-reliance to leek their fortunes elsewhere. It is necea tary that some one in whom they have lonfidence should act for them, obtain if xusible engagements for them, which will -e binding upon employers when the colonies ire reached, and if needful actually ac company them upon the voyage. It is to be loped that this view of the agency qnestion rill not be lost sight of by those who have :harge of our Emigration Department in Sngland, and that the Parliament here will to everything in its power to facilitate under troper safeguards the making and enforce cent of the class of engagements to which ve have referred. There is another plan adopted with unequivocal success by Canada rhich well merits attention, namely, the ransfer of whole families from the United kingdom to the colonies. That plan we -elieve has not been resorted to to any extent n connection with emigration to Australia, mttheadvantages it presents are too obvious 0 require enumeration. Thi Opznixg of Parliament. — . The econd session of the seventh Parliament index the Constitution Act is to be opened o-morrow. According to the programme of iroceedings the ceremonies and business rranged to be gone through are of a purely ormal character. The members of the wo Houses are first of all to meet in heir respective chambers at 2 o'clock. In he Legislative Council the Clerk will read he proclamation convening Parliament, and he Commissioners — the Chief Jnstice and Jr. Justice Gwynne— having been intro Luced by the Sergeant-at-Arms, the members 1 the House of Assembly will be summoned o attend behind the bar. After their rrival the Clerk will read the Commission .uthoriziag the opening of Parliament, and he Chief Justice will inform the members of -oth Houses that His Excellency the lovernor will in person declare his reasons or calling Parliament together so soon as eitain formalities have been attended to. rhe gentlemen of the Lower House ha ring withdrawn, the Commissioners will ad oirister the oath to the seven recently sleeted members of the Chamber. The Commissioners then retire, and the Council iroceed to elect their President. It has Jready been arranged that this office shall te conferred upon the Hon. W. Milne, and re presume that arrangement will be ?dhered to. The President-elect has to te conducted to tbe chair by his pro loser and seconder, and after tendering his cknowledgmenta he receives the congra ulationa of members. An adjournment hen takes place to allow the gentle aen of the Upper Chamber to proceed o Government House and present their President to His Excellency the Governor. )n their return the President will no doubt iave to report that the Governor has ipproved the choice made, and concedes to he Council all the usual rights and privi eges enjoyed by legislative bodies. Having letermined by lot the order in which the lames of the newly-elected members shall be -laced on the roll, the Council will adjourn intil such time as His Excellency may have appointed — probably 3 o'clock — for reading ;be opening speech. In tbe House of Assembly the forms to be gone through }reparatory to the opening are very brief. \\.t 2 o'clock the Clerk will read the pro :lamation convening Parliament ; after ffhich, in compliance with the Commis iionera' Bummons, the members, accom panied by the Speaker, will proceed to the Legislative Council to hear the Commission read. On their return the House will sus pend its sitting until a little before 3, and m reassembling members will repair to the Legislative Council to hear the opening speech. Upon returning to their own Chamber the Speaker will draw the atten tion of tbe House to various proclamations notifying that Her Majesty's assent has been given to the following Acts reserved by the Governor: — The Parliamentary Privilege Act, Writs of Election Act, and the Elec toral Districts Act. He will then report that during the recess vacancies occurred in the representation of the House through the death of the Hon. J. Hart, and the retirement of Messrs. Riddoch and Derring ton, and that Messrs. R. Rees, J. P. D. Laurie, and T. W. Boothby have been duly elected for the vacant seats. This, it may be remarked, will be quite a novel an nouncement, inasmuch as provision has only recently been made for supplying vacancies without the express order of the House. The three gentlemen named will then, if present, take the necessary oaths aud their places as members of the House. The subsequent proceedings will be of the usual kind, unless the Chief Secretary should see fit to enter into explanations concern -''- tie C0CM)«cy by himself and his colWe! of the Treasury benches. Should he do so be will no doubt supplement the statement by intimating whether an adjournment, to enable the Government to prepare their measures, is to be asked for. The Chief Secretary is then to introduce the ordinary motion that the House at its rising adjourn till 2 o'clock the following Tuesday. After the presentation of petitions aud tabling of notices of motion, the appointment of Library, Standing Orders, and House or Refreshment Committees will take place. The Speaker will then read a copy of the Governor's opening speech, and the Chief Secretary will move the appointment of a Committee to prepare the address in reply, the report to be brought up on Tuesday next. After papers have been laid on tbe table by various members of the Government the proceedings will terminate by the adjourn ment of the House. Of course this pro gramme presupposes a friendly disposition in the Parliament towards the Ministry. Adelaide Martse Iksueakce Company. -We are in possession of the half-yearly report and balance-sheet of this Company. The Directors write as follows :— ' Marine Department.— The net premiums for ihe half-year amount to £12,372 Is. 3d., while the losses have reached the sum of £7,979 10s. 3d., including all the ascertained losses still unpaid that are known to date. The business has steadily increased d'^ring the half-year, not withstanding large reductions in tho amounts retained in each bottom, and the care which has been exercised in the selection of risks. 'Fire Department.— The premiums in thi3 branch also show an increase, and amount to £3,434 lie. 3d. Tbe losses amount to £2,910 11s. 3d., which are entirely owing to the exten sive fires that hare prevailed in Melbourne during the last six months. 'The amount of £56,314 12s., standing to the debit of Profit and Loss Account on the 6th January, has been written off the Capital Account, together with an amount of £6,176 17s. 2d. carried forward to cover unexpired risks. ' The Revenue Account shows a credit balance of £8,980 8s. 8d.; but of this £6,058 4a. 8d. is the amount of premiums received for risks still current. The actual profit realized for the half year may therefore be stated at £2,922 4s. ' Your Directors regret the retirement from the Adelaide Board of David Fowler, Esq., who has returned to London, where it is hoped the Company will still retain the benefit of his interest and advice. No steps have been taken to supply this vacancy in the Adelaide Board.' The assets of the Company are set down at £41,085 Oa. 6d., of which £18,875 is in vested in mortgages ; but against this there is the sum of £1,521 Is. due to sundry creditors and on account of unsettled losses. Northern Territory AwiiVAL.--Our tele gram from Palmerston reports the arrival of the Monkchester, with her passengers all well. From Cape York such rough weather was expe rienced that the craft lost her mizentopmast, and during the passage four horses died. A message sent to Mr. C. J. Coatos on Wednesday stated that 15 horses had been landed safely. Captain F. Phillips, to whom the six men and eight horses for the Eleanor Company were con signed, has telegraphed from Port Darwin to Mr. Driffield that these have arrived, and he adds — 'Start Pine Creek again in two days.' The Opera. -The most crowded house of tbe season assembled to witness the repetition of ' II Profeta' on Wednesday night. We can add little to what we have already said in reference to the style in which the opera has been pro duced. The interpretation of its extraordinary music by the principal artistes adds fresh laurels to their reputation, and shows the effect of careful study, accompanied by natural gifts of no common order. At the conclusion of the cathedral scene Signora Zenoni received quite an ovation, and she and Signor Bosnati and Signora Coy were several times called before the audience to receive their rapturous applause. The duet between the soprani in the fourth and their trio with the Prophet in the fifth act were splendid exhibitions of vocaliza tions. Irrespective of anything else, the opera is noteworthy as a fine spectacle, and the special preparations made in this direction wero warmly appreciated. The novelty of the skating scene and the dexterity of some of the performers in it caused it to meet with an imperative encore, and the capital finale was the theme of general admiration. It may be mentioned, too, that Signor Bosnati in his coronation robes presents a figure which for magnificence and imposing rppearance has never been equalled on tbe Ade laide stage. To-night ' H Trovatore' will be repeated. The Coach-building Trade.— The agents in Adelaide for the Hub Publishing Company oi New York have received from the Secretary recently a letter, in which he says:— 'The United States furnishes all kinds of timber, iron, leather, and cloth. We have carriage builders who use the cheapest and the worst they can buy. We have another class who buy a medium grado, and build a medium, but still an inferior carriage. We have another claia who buy only the best, and manufacture only the best carriages. If parties from abroad sand through commission merchants, and leave them to select, our trade with your country and others will not lost longer than the receipt of the first invoice. More of this in the future numbers of the Hub' We are informed that some carriage making firms in Adelaide who had ordered materials from America have been dissatisfied with the result, and for this reason we have been asked to publish tho foregoing extract as an explanation. Shearers' Umon.— A meeting of this Society was held at tbe Buck's Head Hotel on Wednes day evening, July 23. About 25 members were present, and Mr. P. Lynch presided. It will be remembered that at the previous meeting a Committee was appointed to prepare a fair agreement as between master and man. The draft was read, and after considorablo discussion was adopted. The agreement provides that if a shearer leaves the shed before the clipping ia finished, or does not average 40 head per day, he must allow a reduction from his wages equal to his expenses to the station. The price was eutered as £1 per 100 sheep. The Union, it was proposed, should send circulars to the various runs, and thus enroll the names of persons willing to join, but the proposal was drepped. We publish below, at tbe request of the Committee, a copy oi one of the agreements in force last year:— 'We the undersigned, experienced shearers, agree to shear this season, — — , at the woolshed on tbe — — itation, for — — , on the following conditions, and to abide by the following rules : —Working hours to be from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. ; one hour allowed for breakfast and one hour foi dinner ; all time to be kept by the Overseer. Sheep to be shorn close, and trimmed to the satisfaction of the Overseer. No man to Qltreat his sheep in any way ; should be do so he is to pay for the injury according to the value of the damage inflicted. Any shearer loitering in the kitchen, or absenting himself without leave from the shed during working hours, to be charged 3s. per day, to be deducted on settlement. Swearing and singing prohibited. Price to be 15s. per hundred sheep, to be paid when all the Ehecp on the said station shall have been shorn. Rations provided by master according to the usual scale. Each man to continue shearing under this agreement during the whole season, unless sick or disabled ; otherwise to forfeit the whole of the shearing-money. Any shearer dis charged for bad shearing or misconduct, of whipfi the Overseer for the time being shall be ;oie judge, co ioneii inu wuuio ui ius uuoiuiug money. Payment to be made by money order, irawn by the Overseer on the Master, payable in Adelaide.' The Coal Company.— With reference to the motion sale by Messrs. Townsend, Botting, and Co. of coal scrip, we have been shown a note from the Secretary of the Company, which remarks:— ' These shares were the balance of 3ur new issue of 5,000 shares, viz., 223 not ipplied for by the shareholders entitled to them, rhey were sold at 19s. in one line, although they do not carry the dividend, if any, payable in September. The usual dividend is 9d. per share, consequently the old shares are worth so much more, TEEfof alish.— The Adelaide Excelsior Band of Hope, having withdrawn from the Norwood Excelsior Temperance Society, gave theur first entertainment, consisting of readings, recita tions, singing, and instrumental music, to a full audieace on Tuesday evening, July 22, at Pulteney-street Schoolroom. Several encores were sought, but could not be complied with on account of the length of the programme. Mr. B. Brown, the President, stated that at the request of the members he occupied his position until a more able person was found to fill that office. He bad purchased from the Committee of the Norwood Society drums, banners, &c;, to the value at cost price of £8 10s., and given to that Society the balance of £11 18». owing to him by the Committee. He intended to teach a number of lads music free of charge, to form a band for the Adelaide Excelsior Band of Hope. He hoped they were on the eve of having a Temperance flail buflt in South Ade laide by the different Teetotal Associations amalgamating for that purpose and taking shares in the enterprise. Their Society numbered 360 members. It was increasing weekly, and now was the strongest in Adelaide. The pro ceedings dosed with the farce of the ' Ghost in the Pawnshop.' Church of England.— The offers of Messrs. Hague & Lake and Prestly & Co. have been accepted to build the new Anglican Church at Moonta. The total of the joint tenders is over £1,300. Thi Lit* Father- Hotbbocker, SL J.— It vfll be ramambored that the Bev. Jfa&her; I interocker, a respected clergyman of the J- oman Catholic Church, died while oa a viat to Hobart Town in October of last year. It was, after much correspondence had passed, arranged that his remains should be brought to South Australia to be reinterred in the vicinity of St. Ignatius Church, Norwood, where he ministered, and the body arrived at Port Adelaide in the Camilla. On Wednesday, July 23, the corpse was conveyed by rail to the city, and theooe to the Catholic Church in Norwood. At tke Rail way Station a large crowd collected, and North terrace was lined with spectators, numbers of whom followed the procession through King William and Rundle streets, and some to its destination. The cortege consisted of about 30 vehicles, and was preceded by the children be longing te the Sunday-school of St. Ignatius. Among those who followed the hearse we noticed the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds (Admi nistrator of the Diocese), the Ravs. F. Byrne, P. Corcoran, C. McCloskey, Theo. Bongaerts, C. vander Heyden, J. Tappeiner, S.J.,Dr. Gunaon, Messrs. L. Hewett, W. W. Hewett, C. J. Fox, E. J. Peake, S.M., J. B. Siebert, Malcolm Davis, J. W. Egan, F. Galzemeyer, Foode, L. Conrad, T. W. Loaergan, McMullen, Woods, P. Land vopt, O'Leary, Shanahan, D. McNamara, M. McNalty, and others. On arrival at the Church the body waa received by the Rev. M. Hager, and vespers were sunp by the clergy.- The inscription oc the coffin was— 'John Hinter ocker, died October 6, 1872, aged 52 years. R.I.P.' Requiem Mass for the repose of the soul of the departed will be celebrated on Thurs day morning, after which the remains will be interred. Bitumen ok Kangaroo Island.— We have been shown by some gentlemen who have taken mineral claims on Kangaroo Island with the idea of discovering coal specimens of mineral bitumen raised from their Teased ground. We aie informed by a gentleman who has made an analysis of the stuff that '100 grains give 40 cubic inches of light carburetted hydrogen or coal gas and 25 per cent, of carbon. Three fourths of the substance is convertible into coal gas and tbe residue into a very fine coke or mineral charcoal. A mineral oil may be ob tained from it, but it yields only a small quan tity. Its composition is carbon, hydrogen, sul phur, and nitrogen, and it contains about 90 per cent of carbou. The substance is said to be met with occasionally in coal-seams in England.' Samples of the coke mentioned have been seen by us. Cabdrtvers.— In answer to an enquiry from ' A Passenger,' we subjoin tho full evidence of the complainant in the case of the cabdriver, Frederick Watson, decided by Mr. Beddome on July 22:— 'Mr. J. Peterswald stated that he arrived at the Adelaide Railway 8tation by the 7 p.m. train from Gawler on the 11th instant There were three cabs on the stand in front of Station. Went to the first, put his luggage inside, got in, and told the driver to go to Grenfell-street The driver took no notice, and in a minute or two he repeated the order. No notice was taken still; but the driver drove up to the kerb, and began wrangling with some peoplebywhom he said hehad been engaged. Got out, and requested Corporal Leahey to take the driver's name, which was done. Got in again, and told the man to go to GrenfeU«street. The driver stood up, and flogged his horses full gallop up North-terrace. Ou atriving at the corner of the North Adelaide-road he turned as if to co to North Adelaide. Told him not to do so. Driver declared with an oath that he would not drive him to Grenfell-street. Leaned out in front, caught hold of the reins, and turned the horses round; then made the cabman drive to the stand in King William-street, where he got out Driver said, 'If I was not a cabman I would show you the difference.' Driver was drunk.' Mb Ernest Giles's Expedition. — Mr. Kr£ chauff, M.P., has received by Wednesday's mail a letter from Mr. Ernest Giles, dated Peake Station, July 5. We subjoin an extract: — 'With regard to my own affairs I have now got everything in excellent order. I have a party of four whites, 25 horses, provisions for a year, and all tbe other details of equipment first rate. I have bad a good many delays, but I am olf at last to-morrow morning.' Shortening the Hours of Work.— A meet ing of about 45 journeymen butchers was held at the London Inn on Monday evening, July 21, to endeavour to reduce the hours of labour. Mr. Joseph Powell presided. The opinion was expressed that journeymen butchers worked a greater number of hours and for less remunera tion than any other class of labour in the colony. A Committee of six, with power to add to their number, was appointed to form an Association, a code of rules to be brought forward at the next meeting-. fFrom vesterdav's Eveniwt Journal.] uiscovEKYoruoAL. — UQ vveanesaay, tiujyzo, a mercantile firm in Adelaide received a telegram from a business connection in the South, stating that he had information that coal had been struck on the Coorong in a seam 18 inches thick at a depth of 50 feet. The River Districts.— From Wentworth, on July21, our local correspondent wrote: — 'There was no mail from Bourke last night. This does not look pleasant, and it is feared that tho River Darling is so high up there that the mails can not travel. This supposition is making the people on the Lower Darling feel rather fidgetty on account of doubts as to whether there is to be another flood to wash them out of houses and homes again. The Government are likely to recommence road-making in Wentworth forth with; but if a flood comes all the good the work will do will be slight.' The following are extracts from mercantile letters:— 'Mallee Cliffs, July 19.— Ttw river here is rising slowly, and the weather is very dry with cold frosty nights.' 'Wentworth, July 21.— We have no mail from Bourke this week. The flooded state of the country has prevented its catching the down mail.' Northern Trains and Mails.— Under the new arrangement on the Burra Railway for pro viding two trains per diem from Kooringa, the Far North mails reach Adelaide on Wedneedays at 9.30 a.m., instead of in the afternoon as formerly. _ Tho change in the Railway time table will involve a largo amount of additional work in the Postal Department, and probably necessitate an increase in the staff; but it will undoubtedly give increased facilities to travellers and the public generally. People in the towns along the line will now be able to post corre spondence to the city and receive replies on the same day when quick answers are important. The trams now start from Adelaide for the Burra at 7 a.m. and 4.30 p.m., and leave Kooringa at 4.30 a.m. and 2 p.m. |B' Mr. J. H. Parr desires to call special attention to his Sale at 2 o'clock To-day, at the John Bull Yard?, of 10 superior Brood Mares and the Entire Black Prince. MABAYULA COCOA.— Tailor Brothers (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any ether Cocoa for Purity— fina Aroma Sanative, Nutritive, and Sustaining Power Easiness of Digestion— and especially high de licious flavour. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for Breakfast, Luncheon, and a Soothing Ref reshmant after a late evening. N.B.— Caution— ' Mabavola' is a registered Trade Mark. MAEAVILLA COCOA.— The Globe aays: — 'Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa naa achieved a thorough success, aud supersedes every other Cocoa in the market Entire solu bility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentra tion of the purest elements of nutrition, dis tinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids andDyspeptics we could not recom mend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' For further favourable opinions vide Standatxl, Morning Poit, British MedieaUournal, 4x., -tc HOMOEOPATHIC COCOA. — This enginal preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Tatlor Brothers, under the ablest homoBo patfaic advice, aided by the alrill and experiesoe of the inventon, and wfll be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritieMpMp^ofthefrythnut ?OLUBLB CHOCOLAH, made m one minute without boiling. The above article* an [arswt nanufactunrs in Europe, and sold in tin lined mcktta only by Storekeepers and others allow the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London, Iiport Chicory Mills, Paiges, Belanm. wnMtjvJn LORD SELBORNE'S REAL PRO PEaTF BILL. Land titles reform his resum d its ourao in the English Parliament, and the direction under which it proceeds augurs better than, the CranW6rth-cum- Westbury movement o£ isoz. J.ne new i^ora unanceuor is iar enough removed from the suspicion of anarchy to stifle any misgiving of that kind among the patrician landlords to whom he recently submitted his Bill. The man Who /could deny himself possession of tho . Woolsack for the sake of an ecclesiastical scruple is hardly likely to prove himself a revolutionist in any department of legisla- . tion. It will be Borne consolation for 'the ' land reformers of the mother- country to observe that Lord Sel borne is disposed to make a great advance on the amendments of the late Lord Westbury. He would never have espoused their cause at all could he not ' have done so conscientiously, and being con scientious in what he has undertaken he will ; show on their behalf earnestness of the most ^ useful kind— that which influences* by an -* aesurance of ? disinterested motives. Aa'an - equity lawyer he has acquired' unequalled * familiarity with all the conveyancing quibbles and circumlocutions which render landed property an incubus on all limited or impoverished owners. His exposition of the measure in the House of Lords showed that he had cleared his mind of all sympathy with the black-letter fraternity, who grow fat upon. the drawing np of abstracts, inquisitions into titles, and . the concoction of family settlements. Ho laid no curb upon his eloquence in condemn* ing, as Lord Cairns had done ineffectually fourteen years before, 'the complicated,, cumbrous, and expensive processes which had to be gone through ou every occasion of dealing with land.' The social disadvantages which this entails have been so thoroughly effaced from Australian experience that we can read the Lord Chancellor's description of them as therecordof some lawyer- rid len gene ration long passed away. For us it u almost ? nconceivable that nineteenth-century civili zation should anywhere coexist with a process like this— 'First of all a contract must be made, and in the making of a contract there were innumerable pitfalls. If a man had not all his wits about him, and did not guard himself against every kind of ~ difficulty, he might find that he had made a contract which he was unable to perform, ' and any attempt to perform which might possibly involve him in questions which would throw doubts on his title. The next step was the abstract — a document of a very formidable character. It recorded every transaction in the history of the titled and for a perfectly good title it ought to go back at least sixty years. All the transactions, all the deeds, all the charges' and mortgages, all the family settlements, all the devolutions of the property for that period had to be produced in the abstract. Then all the deeds had to be examined, and there were searches m various public offices. Next came all the objections which the ingenuity of practical egal intellects could devise to any part of the title, and all these objections and requi sitions connected with them had to be answered. Much time was occupied in the process, frequent questions of doubt and difficulty arose, and litigation often resulted' from them.' \ V y -? '? In strengthening his condemnation by'the now popular contrast of stock and shipping transfers with those of land Lord Selborne went only a certain length with the enthusiasts of the five-minute and fiva shilling registration system. As to shares in ships he granted that there -was no deduction of title, no. abstract, no objec tions, no requisitions, and no long bilk of costs after every transaction. But these classes of property were not exactly ana«' .'ogous to land. Their superior divisibility rendered them much more transferable. Purchasers did not demand specific shares or specific parts of a ship ; one. aliquot part was as good to them as another, and bore the same arithmetical proportion to all the. others. Consequently there had to b- no definitions of boundary as with land*. Again, each particular part of an estate has its own peculiar character and value. Am absolute aaimilation of conveyancing to the rapid and inexpensive, operations of the Stock Exchange His Lordship, put aside as- one of the 'sublime and visionary theories' of the Land Reforming School. He did not pledge himself to gratify such expectations \\. but he promised to, facilitate te the greatest extent commercial dealings in land, and through that the acquisition of land by all who had the wish or the power to do so, be they, great 01 '.small, rich or poor. On the threshold of his task he had to 'make an invidious enquiry into the failure of preceding legislation in the same . direction. The first official reformer of land titles iad. . been Lord Cairns, who in 1859 attempted to :arry out the recommendations of ; the Com mission of 1857. After a three years' sitting t had reported in favour of a simple method -f registration analogous to that of shares.. 'ny 