VEILED. a At old Egyptian festals, we are told, Was ayo a guest, A Who through the east sat rigid, silent, cold ; Whom no one prost To share the banquet, yet who still remained < Till the last song was sung, the last cup drained. The cup, the song, the jest, and laugh went round, No cheek turned pale, No guest amazed did query to propound, Or lift the veil To learn the wherefore one alone sat mute, With whom nor host, nor friend, exchanged salutes'. Usance and rose-crowned drapery did all: That thing of bone, That hideous skeleton in festive hall, Evoked no groan ; No' thrill of horror checked the flow of mirth, Unseen, unfelt that grisly type of earth. But did. the best return when all were gone, The lights put out, The unseen presence of that nameless one Might put to rout AH the gay fancies horn of wine and song, And speechless dread the fleeting night prolong. At every hearth in every human heart ' There sits such guest. We may not, cannot bid it thence depart. E'en at the best, We can but crown with roses, veil and drape The thing exists, though we conceal its shape. We' shroud our skeletons from public gaze, And from our own; ignore their presence with life's lamps ablaze, Till left alone With festal fragments, wine stains, lights going dim, We feel them with us, icy, bloodless, grim. Our nerves would quiver to unveil the bones , of the dead past; We lock them in our hearts, with sighs, and moans, To keep them fast ; 'Tis but in solitude we turn the key, And dare to look upon them as they be. A Strange Story.- The head of a well known Melbourne firm (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of June 18) sends us the following narrative, every word of which he vouches is "strictly true:" "Very extraordinary things have from time to time been said and written on the subject of ghosts. I myself have road and heard of thousands of instances, to all appearances well authenticated ; but never have I had the fortune, good or bad, to be brought face to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things and I offer the following facts for the acceptance of your readers. On Saturday afternoon, the 14th instant, I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman. The time was as nearly as possible six to ten minutes past 6. We were passing along Spring- street, on the opposite side to the Princess's Theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the point of running against emile object which was crossing the footpath from the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance ones across my path, and, as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. In puic"iu>toni8hmentwo watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for some distance behind. The appearance was of a very peculiar grey transparent nature. I could not for the life of me say the form it look. The suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with the' unusual start which the affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. A few words in conclusion. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot, only this time the top of an omnibus, when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against some- body or something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it, 'Now then, mind when you're coming, when 'he also was somewhat startled to see the appearance suddenly disappear." ; *. , » 