Ix Artrens.--Jackls are very common, and their sabrp cry can often be beard at a little distance from the town, answered by the furious barking of all the dogs within hearing. There is very little shooting to be had in the near neighbourhood of Algiers ; a ftew snipe, woodcocks, and parlridges can he got, but that is about all without going into the interior of the country. Birds seem scarce allogether, and thouglh ours is supposed to be a " winter with the swallows," they do not really aplpear much sooner than in Ertg land. The cuckoo's voie mnay be heard in the opriog, and plenty of nightingiles rsinging day and night. One great amusanlent hi?er is the "shopping," for there are things to suit every taste; Kabylo and dMoorish pottery, different sots of gauza, and soft materials for making cloaks or dresses, tables and ornaments of bamboo, brass trays, and IKebylo arms and jewellery, are n oew of thie most tempting things. It takes some time to become accustomed to the Eastern mode of bargaining for everything one buys, but any one who can do it well eangenerally get thitng at about half thte price that is first ajked. The special handiwork of tIhe place is embroidery of different sorts, which the Arabs do extremely well in gold and silver on leather or on velvet; and another very common employment is wood-pailting, which is generally done in the most brilliant eolours, brightened still more with gilding. The tables and brackets of this work are very pretty. One particular sort of embroidery is best done at a school of Arab girls, kept by a Madame Luce, who canme to Algier.iin 1832, and, struck with compasaion for the gross ignorance of the Arrb women, coneivred the baold and original idea of tartl.ing a school in which she might teach the poor lithtle girls someemployment, and at tile same time give them an idea of cleanliness and comfort. For several years she studied the Arabic language, colleered funds for her scheme, and made herself a friend in Arab families; and in 1813 she re etired permission from Government to open the school at her own risks; and, though discouer aged on every hand, she fought through all dimlhiulliea, and now the school is n recognised institution, and tire number of girls has increased from three or four to two hundred and fifty. The parents stipulate that no religious iresruction shall be girven, but Madame Luce would train them to live at least tile moral life enjoined by their own ereed. Tihe school is in the old Arab town. After climbing up tile rough steps of a dark steep little street, you find yourself in a Moorish house, with old carved oak doors, tihe long narrow rooms (some of them about nine feet by thirty-niie) built round a courtyard, large marble pillars support ing balconies into which all the rooms open. And it is n most picturesque sight to see all the little girls, varying from four to about eigh teen years of age, sitting on tihe floor, or on low etools, doing their fine delicate embroidery on frames before them, dressed in light gauzy msa terials of the brightest colours, a round red cap on their head, and their hair and hands, or sometimes only the nails, dyed red with henna. In'going about the town, what strikes one most is the endless variety in the costumes of the inhabitants- Jews, `Arabs, Kabyles, Mozabites, NTegreses, &e.;, all dirsing' differ ently, and in bright beautiful colours; The Arab women with the haik and white veil covering all but theirdark eyes look like ghosts gliding in and out of the crowd; but when at home they too dress in a' gorgeous way. The jewels they wear are quaint, and of a very rough beauty; for if the stones are re?lithey ; do not mind their being full of flaws, and irregular. in shape and colour; their pearls are rough, and the Arab women grease them, that their colour, my be yellow ; the diamonds are setinlead, which gilee them a dull hoary look. We went once to ao Arab wed ding, and, as both the families were rich, the dreeses and jewels worn by the ladies were most splendid. The bride horself-a "poor little thing of fourteen- looked anything but happy, seated on a eushion on the floor, while her mother and. a profesiional.dresoer painted, powdered, and gilded her race plaited her hair, and than dressed her up ,in 'oatly clothee, withm all the family jewels heaped. Upon her. All the ti??e her toilet wais going on,'three frightful negresseaplsy e and sang wild Arab music alose to the Iride's ear, and others, down-stairs, uttered the 'curion,.royp1 'joy. which is a sort of trill on oee high'obtis. ?ttil, g4a. lands of white jessamine blossomi were..gae?n:to, every one, and' when all was .'ready .he ' 'e i led to her husbasd, who was asiaiting l?hr Tin 'ather room. He was a very ugly man, too thani.'is, her ago, and when the poor little' brii ? ? _'uvi . sihe burst into tears in a most pitifol'. way,.We t wished very much an artist could have beep spth us or there were eso many beautifulA.iblad! eaatgrouind. on divans and cuehbens; but, as1nomoi eieept4'saear. relation may aee a woman unveiled, our wish was.a vain one. On our way down-stalra after this wdding, we saw the servants of the hbushold seated in arijng'. on the floor, eating from one lerge dish bf oot .c?#coeo which is theprincipl foodof the racp; itiasnadpofthebs semoule of Algerian hard wheat, andi f'only iniaedf with good butter it is very nice to eat. 'BteD what the Arabs generally give as is made with,bad butter' and it is almost imposeib!e'to swallowit,'boweeer much.W . may wish to please the kind giver, who staul olt'bse , urging us to eat more, and almost forcing it int'no . mouth in his hospitality.' Matters we?enot mend@d by a friend of mine, who dexterously apnveyet tb.a rancid morsels into a handkerchief on heriap.; foe as, in a hasty search for coppers the coptetsof, thyhand.' kerchief wore scattered over the upturned ,ac?n?en ? a expectanterowd, itmsstihave womewht diiiael'tb satisfaction which her tppare'nt good appetiteý'la:a afforded her hoat.-Leisures our. Ais.-The hand in man is .considered a miraole of art, but the ant seems to use his six feet'i·Llfeiontlyi as prehensile orgaas, to hold, to pll;ato ,' iA61.d g;" to cling. The keenness of their ,smell. ppears.:t0o be marvellous, so that not so much as acookrpaolmean, die in the corner of a dark room but the lnterprising portion of the race living in India, wsboeat verything: - and go crerywhoee, contrive to flpdjt.ostaodd?i s:iry. it away. But to as the most. extraordinary of .eaqi,, qualities is the power oftself'eacrieel , the -lmost;, moral eleration whereby the good of theandividta.is ,, given upto tao tt of the community;. A Jieofarnis ; on their travels were once seen trying.to pass a ittle I stream, which proved too rapid for thsem _o apeo; rAts last they hooked themselves on each to.ien,wnadhaus;Ur, gradually made a chain, whioh wa??parriedi pblquely..: to the other shore, by the ;current. o?any,?wereJ drowned and lost in the procesa, he forpmot! ofther, band were often baffled 'and 'knooked 'bout ls thle: uroting water, but the dloating bridge ,w, at last 0 complete, and the rest of the army paohed ip etiety.s upon , the . bodies of their s~elfasodiciupg fllowasd Could any so-called'.reaeoning men ba .edone belters, or as well? Our pontoopns are .not made .t livingo ± men. In India, the precoutioins taken: agahoptthisri voracity are many and ingenio?is, but' thbe man, is almost always bafled by the insect:~wood,-rpaper, cloth, provisiones, everything butrmetal ia consittede. eoven the lIOe, of tables 'are holgpwed..out, -andtelft, ,standiug as omptyshelle, which:gire wayiata toeoh,.; In one case, some preserves had,been :p utiOaclouet,. isolated from the wall, with feet set~in'basino ofsater.., The ants, however, were not to be' outwitted;i:they., crawled up to the eeiling and, let,themslves~down,, each ant hanging on to the one above hie;attiltlielastn, link touobed the goal, whena?treamrpfjaungry:appli- . cants ran down and made short rprk of the coveted treasure. Did those who thus,prolted.gioe :any of," the food to the self-aacrificing, membaeraof theliviug, chain, I wonder? And what rewarddidtlspatriot:': receive who held on to the ceilingand A betele Weight:; of the rope of ante P.? No.wondr.,h thaw theemmbt has r, been held up as a model of wiadm and industtfsinteoe men have " mode morala" at all t; hat Solomod pelr clares the antato be ".a people.not strong, but pzoeed-! ing wise," who "prepare their meat in the.summer;" : that Milton talks with respect of," the paraimeniona emma, provideatofi uturefa .:... I. .:,, ; "In small room, large heart ebelosid : But the highest praise he has received bom *:Mr. Darwin, who eaye that "thesiie otif habriani?Flaelp' connected with' the higher mentsl jmoers;?ae?d `heI cerebral ganglia of ants is of extraordisiry' thimpti?aii w tive dimensins. 'Still udbic contents 'ae"'no accedr??air gauge; there may be extraordinary mebntal ?ifiitib"'' with extremely small absolute maees ofnearvdu?ei lst r. It seems as it: the fineneSs iofthe quality trad'in?ier' important even than its quantity. The wondei?fu;il diversifed instincts, mental powers aiid 'iaffiec?id f antes exist with cerebral ganglia not so lIar.'di lo quarter of a small pin's head.". A n eofridMl 'Diilsi"' succeeded in the anatomy of no ahlt's birai;'and aire father observes, "It is one of the hni'tu "'a u'l atoms of matter inthe'world. Morb a ?p dsnliii ?? brain of man." Yet suol isa the prodigal ke~ilti4~ nature that millions on millioni?fthbbi "marvellona atoms" come into the world every, astinm'ir,"r?ii tl? parently no.other end than to be cated 'nd 'crdehed'' and to die in a hundred different"vays,nafter fliti few days of life. Their use in the world, as fir as irdeidi fathiom it, is as scavengers; bat, if weaihd' btin'B'rn ants, we should probably-consider this a wrectichli dl perfunctory account of the be all and'.eid all" of bp' existence. The ant may not be able to see vaeir. r, but one has n painful perception that our own vtason is relativrly not much lees nurrow.-Good Words; CAnnouoL .Acs raon Sdssa.--Dr.' Jeaoukeoi ' hb: favoured as with the following extranc from theb fin: burgle Medical JTournal, giving the rea?dlt pof pers ments made by J. Fayror. Req., Professor efatirgery in the Medical College, Calcutta :--'.Experjmeat. - No. 7.-One drop of carbolic acid wpa administered to a full-grown, vigorous cobra at 414 ,pan.- In two minutes the snake was in convulsions, and powerless " to strike, or even.ereet his hood. 4-"3--Still treggl- . ing; convulsed; mouth open; but unable to moreor strike. 445-Has gradually been recoverin.; looks still very weak; the head trembles, and can:beraised with difficulty. At 2 p.m., following day, the.snake lind recovered, but still seemed weak, and uppble to dilate his hood perfectly. A small cobra, to which, . one drop was administered, died in lose thands p , minutes. Experiment No. 14.-I poured a few irope of carbolic acid on thie floor of a large wooden eage,. with wire front, in which we a large bungerus faciatus. The snake was not handled,ond thes aid could scarcely have got. into tihe manth, ? gh.it it touched tihe head..The bungaras im~·~ith. : drew Iis head from tie spot' wha i id. 1 , and' becaoe. very much excited s 1dgni','t.e tail being for a time quite riji4 4$ .ppedog on its back in three minutesn, , ,staa.. tionless for fire or six minu~emo~a eurng which alight convulsire morements. go u ,i#] .as ina:thoe . cobra, and in ten minutes it wa? quao dead. This sanoke was fire feet long and.very powerfIuL .i nthels cobra that had drops placed iin 'the.mouth, these had. completely whitened tho muaous meisbrane and' co - gulated tlh poison wlhich hIad eudcd.from tlne Afngs. I hope to test bthe merits of carbolio acid as a' thera.· pdutic agent in snaike-bite on some future ocncasion; . In the meantime, its usoe as a preventioe against entry of sanakes (by its application to walIs, timbers, and apertures by which reptiles could enter) into houses and other places where they may prove dangerous, or os a means of getting rid of them where they haven taken possession, is suggested, for there can be no deoubt that the drug is most deadly and disagreeable to the reptile. VWe are of opinion (owin?g to tif ob servation of Dr. Fayrcr Ihat carbolic.acid posssea?n the property of congulating the ceaius of sorpents) thit carbolic acid may save life by following .the method first put into practich with great sucoeia by Dr. Tessier, in the Mauritius, for the cure of a pecu-' liar virulent intermittent fecrer, whith oceourred in ; 1868-namely, of injecting under the skin a solution ' of three-quarter grains of pure carbolie acid dissolved. in twenty minims of water. Tlhease.views on the value of carbolic acid for the prevention of the deadly effects of serpent poeoning ate further supported by the interesting cures effeeted by Dr. Boydof Warrambool, Adasirala, by administering weak solations of puo carbolic acid in brandy to tlhree persons bitten." ILatiltoa Spectator. 