Eht ?öHl!£L PUBLISHED DAILY. TBÜSSDAT, __.BC.ff 6, 1873. THE downward tendency in the prices of mining shares, which commenced some time since, will not be arrested by the influences likely to follow from recent disclosures, even were the receipt of ore from the mines more satisfactory than it really is. There is not so much suspicion of the worth of the mines as there is between shareholders of each other, especially by the investing members in companies of the promoters. And when the public see the difficulty which an ingenious use of legal forms can interpose in the way of justice, as exemplified in a late trial, they will be still less inclined than they were before to embark in investments in which they may be at the mercy of the men who con- descend to admit them to liability, and can find only a doubtful redress for any injustice or any fraud in protracted and costly litigation. With regard to the great bulk of the companies which have their workings here and their offices in another colony, it is time that steps should he taken to place matters upon something like a straight- forward and honest footing. The registra- tion of nine-tenths of these companies here is a farce, ensuring at best but a nominal liability on the part of the initiating speculator, which could only be enforced, if at all, by legal proceedings, which, in the face of what appeared at the trial of the case of BAYNES V. OSBORNE, any man who had money left to spend would be a great fool to engage in. A shrewd and not very scrupulous discoverer may select a piece of ground at the minimum of cost to himself; may with those who are in the secret attach what value they please to the discovery ; may forthwith float a company of, say _100,000 nominal capital, £70,000 paid up promoters shares ; may by a judicious distribution of a portion of these secure decent figure-heads to the concern and may at a time of great speculation get the remaining 30,000 taken up. The contributed capital may be sufficient to so far open the mine as to give some ground for favorable reports, in which, by a cautious and misty use of specimens and prospects, the probability of large profit may be indicated. The subscribing shareholders are naturally unwilling to transfer, and the promoting ones know it to be their interest to wait. A few nominal transactions in the other colony help only to heighten quotations, and bye-and-bye when opportunity of a sale here occurs it is availed of. The approval of the directors to transfers is necessary, and they are to be found only in Sydney or in Melbourne. If in the interval between a sale here and the formal notification to them there, prices show a rise, nothing so easy to the promoting directors as a refusal ; if pi ices oscillate, nothing so easy as delay; if they fall, then what more delightful or more consonant with the strictest business promptitude, than an immediate approval, That we take to be the rationale of the whole procedure in ninety-nine out of a hundred of the companies with large promoters paid up capitals, having their real business offices in Sydney and a registered dummy to wag in people's faces here and until these companies are placed on a sound legal and commercial footing in this colony, those who hold shares in them here. would be very foolish to pay any more calls upon them, or to take up any more contributors' shares. Such a refusal is more than enforced by what we see of the character of the mines and the nature of their workings. There is no reason to place the copper mines of Queensland as a whole in any other class than that which includes the generality of such undertakings. Their yield may indeed be superior, but the process of getting at it will be similar large expenditure and delayed dividends. We question whether if in many of these enterprises the real working capital will be half sufficient for the purposes proposed, and we are quite sure that when that is exhausted the promoting gentlemen will not be able to pay further calls in proportion to their enormous holdings. The effect of any - even the slightest suspension will be to reduce the value of the shares to a mere nominal price, and thus the contributing shareholders will be left with the burden of the whole upon their backs unless they take the alternative of losing what they have spent. The only people who will have got out of the transaction will be the patriotic gentlemen who skim the soil for mineral indications, and the surface of society for credulous investors. The sooner some check can be placed upon their proceedings the better and if the law is as defective as it seems to be, the Legislature has its duty plainly enough before it, and that is, to make the required amendment. Certainly there have been some curious illustrations of mining proprieties, or rather of their appreciation, in Brisbane lately, even in the companies which have a local habitation. The proposal on the part of certain promoters, that the working expenses of a company should be paid out of calls, and the whole proceeds of the mine devoted to dividends, was one of those stretches of ingenuity which require to be seen before obtaining belief. It was analogous to assuming that a storekeeper's gross sales represented his profits-an assumption hardly likely to find acceptance with his creditors, and neither in equity nor in law had it even the ghost of a justification. We suppose we shall hear a little more of these devices to extend profits as time goes on, and the lawyers must be in a rather excited state of anticipation, The yield from Stanthorpe is increasing. A more satisfactory method of working is gaining ground, and there seems reason to anticipate a profitable result in many of the enterprises which have been set on foot ; but there is no doubt that some simpler form of definitely arranging disputes than any at present available is required for our mining and share-dealing transactions. In England, buyers and sellers have the protection of the Stock and Share Exchanges. The strict rules and the more strict enforce ment of them by the various committees of" these institutions impose great care upon the brokers, and thus necessitate something like a decent basis upon the undertakings which are allowed to be quoted on the market. Here we have no such institution, nor is it likely that we can have. But the attention of our legislators might well be given to the constitu- tion of the French tribunals of commerce, whose forms and practice would supply much that would be readily available for the prompt and cheap settlement of disputes. We do not hesitate to say that the whole case of BAYNES V. OSBORNE would have been equitably settled on the Stock Exchange in five minutes and were such a tribunal as that we have alluded to available here, could have been settled by that in half an hour after the written statements of both sides had been before it. We are great advocates for a reform in the Jaw, but much stronger ones for avoiding recourse to it in any form where it can be avoided especially where technical points or points of usage of trade come in. The necessity for the institution of some such a Chamber becomes more striking when we reflect upon the growing magnitude of the interests likely to be involved, and the simplicity really attending these transactions. We do not just now recollect the amount subscribed for in the form of shares in this colony, but it is certainly greater than the whole of our bankers' liabilities. And the transfer of interests is simple enough as a matter of form, although, as we have seen, not quite so simple as a matter of fact. There is no reason why the simplicity should not be equal in both cases and in order to effect this, we want, firstly, the fixation of the liability of foreign companies-three-fourths of whose nominal capital is comprised in the land they hold here within the colony and secondly, the means of adjusting mining and share-dealing disputes as between the miners and the shareholders themselves. Mr. LILLEY has told us of the brevity and simple equity of the American code-a code affecting every possible interest. In this case all we want is a code of common sense to enable the settlement of disputes which in the great commercial countries seldom, if ever, come before a court of law. And certainly they must be wise if their practice is grounded on experience like that we had a few days back, when six hours were consumed in trying to ask a dozen questions without the equity of the matter being advanced ten minutes as to time, or one jot as to justice. THE questions discussed at the Sydney Conference in reference to the Telegraph Service are not unimportant. The proposal to secure what is called a Free Press message every day from London to Australia was negatived, and may thus be considered to be finally disposed of for it is not likely that any one or more of the colonies will undertake to subsidise the present line in that form. The dissemina- tion of official information of this kind is subject at present to manifest objections. It is highly improbable that it would be thoroughly satisfactory to the public, and it would have a tendency towards exclud- ing that competition which is the best security we can have for the fidelity of the Press. Until, therefore, the collection of information suited to the public tastes is elaborated into an exact science, the present imperfect and irresponsible method is much more in accordance with the interests of the public and with the existing conditions of our politics and our commercial transactions. The proposal found a good deal of support from some influential members of the provincial Press, has been exalted to the position of an educational influence, and has been justified accordingly. It has now received its quietus. The recommendation made to subsidise the existing line, did not find the requisite favor to secure its adoption. The British Australian Company, acting on the advice of a man so eminently experienced in Telegraphy as Sir JAMES ANDERSON, have avoided mixing themselves up with the question of subsidies. They have done so avowedly on the ground that they believed in the commercial validity of their enterprise. An unsubsidised line is free to act on its own responsibility with exclusive regard to its owuinterests,andis untrammelled with any conditions of service. We very much question, therefore, whether even such a subsidy as that mentioned £25,000 a year-would tempt these gentlemen who have carried out their enterprise with such success and with such decision. They have throughout been guided by what they have considered to be a scrupulous regard to their own interests. Whether the final result will thoroughly justify their discrimi- nation remains to be proved. We have not, hitherto, considered that it would. Nor have we considered that our claims on their attention have been quite sufficiently appreciated. Still, we admit that they have completed a very hazardous and a very arduous undertaking, and it is more than probable that this would never have been done, if they had waited for the subsidy which it might finally have been the pleasure of a confede- rated Australia to grant. The suggestions now made and unanimously adopted by the representatives at the Conference is, that these lines should be " acquired by the Imperial Government. They further express their willingness to co-operate in this acquisition, and in the construction of a duplicate cable, so as to avoid the inconvenience and possible serious disaster which might follow, if at a critical period, communication should be interrupted. To this " acquisition" the British Australian and the Eastern Cable Company would probably offer no insuperable obstacle, in consideration of a suitable equivalent. The suggestion of the Conference may be carried into effect some day-but not quite yet. The interests of America are so intimately involved with our own in maintaining the neutrality of these submarine messengers in war as well as in peace, that the exclusive " acquisition " of telegraphic cables by any one of the great maritime Powers might; in itself be considered objectionable unless they were exempted from destruction under the conditions of civilised warfare. Thus, it is apparent that there are difficult but most interesting questions still awaiting solution which are not less intricate than some of those lately decided at Washington. Such questions must be answered before long, and the recommendations lately made in Sydney may lead to discussion and to enquiry When, on a late occasion, Mr. GLADSTONE dined with Mr. CYRUS FIELD at Westminster, while Lord GLANVILLE feasted with the Lord Mayor at Guild- hall, he discoursed eloquently on some of these subjects which must be solved in the immediate future. Mr. SCUDAMORE, it is true, may exercise undisputed sovereignty over his own wires from Jolm-o'-Groats to Land's End. Is he, also, to be the ultimate conservator of that reticulation of our nervous system which underlies the ocean and now permeates the earth ? Or is he to be asked to share this delicate responsibility with his fellow sovereign coadjutors? Two distinct resolutions were also submitted to the Conference by the Queensland representatives. The first of these " That in view of the serious inconvenience which would arise to the whole of the Australian colonies in the event of interruption to telegraphic communication with Europe, it is desirable that a cable shall be constructed between Singapore and the terminus of the Queensland telegraph lines at Norman Mouth, was carried by a considerable majority, South Australia and Western Australia alone voting against it. The second resolution, pledging the members of the Conference to obtain from their respective Parliaments a 5 per cent, guarantee on the cost of the construction and laying of the cable, " was, after some discussion, withdrawn, on the ground that the three colonies of New South Wales, New Zealand, and Queensland, had come to an agreement which rendered the resolution unnecessary." The official proceedings do not further disclose the nature of that agreement, but it is understood that the representatives of the three colonies have entered into a convention, binding themselves to endeavor to obtain Parliamentary sanction for a 5 per cent, guarantee on this undertaking, on the basis of a recommendation made to the Government of Queensland by Mr. W. J. CRACKNELL The letter containing this recommendation is accompanied by a schedule of the tenders received for manufacturing and laying the sub-marine cable. There are six of these, varying considerably both in price and conditions. There are, however, two only which offer to undertake it on a 5 percent, guarantee-one of these is from the Indo-Australian Company, and the other is from SIEMENS BROTHERS, the fabricators of the Russian Siberian system. There is a difference of nearly £30,000 between these two ; the offer of the one being for "G94.000, of the other for "GG5.000, and Mr. CRACKNELL recommends the former, on the ground that the Indo-Australian Company propose simultaneously to lay a cable between Singapore and Calcutta, thus completing the duplicate through line between Europe and Australia. If, therefore, the three eastern colonies of Australasia finally adopt this recommendation there will be two entirely distinct and independent lines. The one, under the influence and agency of the Telegraph Construction Company, commencing at Falmouth, passes across the Bay of Biscay, through the Straits of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean and Red Sea to Bombay, thence to Madras, Penang, Singapore, Batavia, and Port Darwin. The other, under the agency of the Great Submarine and Indo-European combination, will proceed across Europe to Constantinople, through Asia Minor, down the Persian Gulf to Kurrachee, thence to Calcutta, Singapore, Borneo, Celebes, and finally to Queensland. This is the double chain of communication which it is now proposed to perfect and the competition thus secured will, it is believed, supply the best guarantee for the faithful service of the public, and for the protection of those great interests which are involved in obtaining the best information respecting contemporary events. A MEETING of the members of Tattersalls and of others interested in the Melbourne Autumn Race Meeting, which commences to-morrow, will take place at the Australian Hotel at the usual hour this evening. An order has been sent to Melbourne, by a Calcutta firm, to supply a thousand horses for the Indian army. 