THE THREE GRACES. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. THERE lived, in three villas perched together upon a certain hill considered aristocratic and exclusive by the B-- ites, three cousinse, each an only daughter, and each. namedl alike, Grace Grey; otherwise they we?e as much unlike each other as young women could boe- different in face, form, thought, and feeling, and yet fast friends as any sisters. The three families were mode rately rich, and immoderately proud of the "good old blood "in their veins. Very few strangers attained to any great amount of ihtimacy; and it was spitefully remarked by other damsels that neither the three Graces ever had a beau I This was certainly true; but for all that they were beauties-beauties without doubt. The similarity of names came from the fact that Grandmamma Grey had requested each of her sons to name his first girl "after her ;" and the inconveni ence of the situation was obviated'by calling the blonde daughter of Robert Grey, Ray; the brunette of whom Edward Grey was so proud, Racy; and the statuesque girl with golden hair and black eyes, who was Wil liam Grey's only child, simply Grace, and nothing more. A; very pretty picture the three Graces made, as.they walked arm-in-arm across the lawn, or rode side-by-side through the town. Very well they sang together: too, though Racy adored;oomic songs. Ray hated them, and loved music over which she felt inclined rto sob:; 'and Grace had a strong passion for' stirring and tempestuous music-for strains sucoh as are sung by rebellious people-fdr Polish liberty songs-for the songs of the French revolutionists. Singing them, her eyes would flash and sparkle, and her cheeks turn to carmine. Racy talked a great deal. Ray was as quiet as a bright girl could be. Grace was, by. turns, talkative and silent. Racy liked everybody, or seemed to. Grace had strong likes and dislikes. Ray was always cold to strangers. When they were frightened, Racy began to ory, Ray fainted, and Grace turned and defied the object of her alarm. So it had been when farmer Dick's mad bull flew at them on the field. Racy fled sobbing; Ray lay, a nerveless white heap amid the stubble; and Grace flew to meet Taurus with her um brella spread and flapping in his face, and astonished him into a retreat. Always together, always interested in some object in which others took no part, their girl friends were few, and they'visited chiefly among their wide-spread family con nection. Whether their beauless condition troubled them in the least, no one can ever know. Cousins far away, and connections of all sorte, who were not even pretty, had their flirtations, and married-Therese, who was pitted with small-pox; Jeanette, who had such ia hideous sharp nose; Maggie, 'who .was a great stupid creature, given to pastry and. afternoon naps-but the bright- eyed, accomplished, equisitely-formed, high-bred, and beautiful three Graces remained ap parently unsought, and walked, "in maiden meditation, fancy free," among the fading flowers of the late autumn garden which en vironed' the three brotherly, villas, when a sight 'met their eyes which. caused all three to start and ejaculate, " How provoking I' cried Grace. -"How dreadfully we shall be over looked I" cried Racy. ' "I wonder who it is I" 'saidRay. "'Who they are, you mean," oried Grace. "A mail and wife, six children, and a couple of 'imaiden aunts' at least. And the girls 'will'" play'tag "unddr the elms, and shriek 'when they are caught, as those nasty?, nory ois'cdreatures,' little, girls, always do, And the, boys' will rob.our fruit-trees, and' the maiden aunts wihtoh us' from 'moriing until night, and'the' wife 'just run in' to gossip at least once a day." ' . ' ; 0, how horrible i" cried Ray. I'I hope they'll find the house damp, and 'see the ghost," said Racy.'; : Then they all stood silent and listened 'to the sounds, and looked at the objects which had aroused their wrath:":thBe sounds' of hamminers, . and the- figt'res: of' Wbrkminon going to, and fro in the' only othlie.houie upon .the hill,; a pretty cottage ornde, 'which had the reputalon of being" hauntod; and Ieiod'beenempty two years. '. To:'havo neighbours .after all," "criod Grace."i ""If papa 'had: only boight thlie ground." ,y \- si always hoped to' see the gliost;" said Ray sighinlg.' SAt Wvhili: Racoy'laughled until toears' ran down her cheeks. : ~:-'That'neighhours woro coming sebemed evi dent; but 'afterl thoe fuirnitttle liead arrived, and the carpets were down,'and the ourtains "up," theroeappeared' on' the scene only 'one gentleman andn two ,sorvants;, ,who took pos. Ssessaon, very, quietly, and certainlydid not' annoy any one., Th servants were black., T. he gentleman, a fie, soldirly-lobking fel ',itow' of fivd:and-thirty, who hold the title of colonel, and, proved bi right to it by the eiiiptysloeve piinned to his breast. Wheathor bab'ilb'lr "6ort widowr, lic cortaiiinly haild'i no iwonianltind to care for film; 'aid ithis"'fait, jiil~lih' 'oii ity: sloeve, and thio ;boi tifnl smile and soft, dark eyes of;'tJ~io irtn'g6si r, q(ii't fi~'ol'ie'd the soft' heart ti?lat' boeatwithlit ri~jly',bdhirr?.? , S}:.'olldnllcld :hiin '(d90:,i'lolkd , ,in a. sort of tendor whisper'; ewhon:'Ray, iuviilh 'rk if geyee chatted df hiis;ditoD;an~a bisils ir aii''' h'is Ibeautiful; mdotetaho i Ih'd ....'tadiillod 1that.she daid t'asked.him'tto tall hir asorioes' of th hbattl 6s' lh d liitd, fiight tihou.gh-tiiose fearful battles of which they .had roadoe ptiuhli'ti iibittl8 of 'ithe i:'Ori moan war ,for this :olo?oiel was an Eagliel'i man, and at the ddi??f o?ir st'i'?ry tlid war 'of tlhteOtimde vs'rielbtitjust' u or ei'and linalfiig land wore:moudraing fir bravemen wlio had oast theirlives away;:f bI'obiihyioh liheidtiioi torn' away fronim home and native land to perish miseratily inthoseho far awvy hospitals, or more, happily to die uipon, tthoe bloody War was something stranger' tiomieric'hn eiiisthon" than now, and \oundeod soldllics wer rareSar4 id'had a romance b"att 'hetiii I 'Anail.naywherd; or at ny time, tllis'OolOn'sl Cardiff might' have set younig hearts-bout; '.I ie ,oaptain that thle ooldnoss and linutoiur whioh"wouild have greeted the advanioes of tsom.pcgoesi'ing paront of a dozon Iroublo some childroen did' not maiiffeot itself towards'e.the dlcol; and in a little while it was no uncommon sight to soee him ,strolling in the garden with the girls, or singing with them, or tilking ~s ho;. knoWv hdw to tilk, 'fioldor peopl approved of his calls4 and l'Ihdltroduiotn ivwhoh gave themn all poea eible knowledge of his anteooedents.: He was a brave man, a high-bred one, and not poor, a very pleasant friend, and as suoh he was adopted universally. Grace had her heart's content of tales of battle. Ray accompanied him when he sang sweet, plaintive songs in his wonder ful tenor voice, and he taught Racy to ride as riding-master never could. And all this went on charmingly until about Christmas time, when, in the twilight, Racy slipped into Ray's boudoir with something in her face that puzzled her cousin. She sat down upon the low lounge before the fire, and dropped her shawl from her shoulders. Then Ray saw that she wore a new dress of blue silk, and' her filagree silver ornaments; that her hair was elaborately dressed, and that -a general air of preparation hovered about her. " What is going to happen ? " she asked, with a smile. "0,' nothing," said Racy. "I want you to spend the evening.with me. The colonel will be there. I-I'm not going to ask Grace." "Not going to ask Grace?" cried Ray; "No," said Racy, pouting. "I'll tell you why, Ray, only you mustn't say a word to any one. Promise; it is a secret that it would kill me. to: have knrown. ' You see, Grace is so-so oppressive, She does all the talking; she monopolizes the colonel.' I am nothing. when she is by, and-and- 0, Ray, I think so much of him-so very much !" "Racy," cried Ray, "0, Racy " She had turned very pale, and had begun to tremble. "You are in fun, Racy." "No,". said Racy. "I adore him. I can't help it, with his lovely eyes, and his broad shoulders, and his beautiful voice; I adore him. And Grace is my cousin; but but-I can't give up to her. He likes me very much." " Are you sure ?" said Ray. "Am I so hideous?" asked- Racy. "Of course he likes me; and do you think that I ought to forget myself entirely? Grace must take her own part, I mine. And so you know all, Ray." ' I wish you had not told me, Racy," said Ray. "I wish you had not told me." And she was paler than before. "Whom else could I tell?" said Racy. "You'll come, Ray ?" Ray said "yes," and went. She did not dress herself more than usual, and she was still very pale. The excluded 'cousin may have haunted her thoughts, and' she did not seem to enjoy herself.' But the colonel saw her home across the gardens, and talked softly to her in his low, sweet voice, and went home with a flower she had worn in her hair in his button-hole. This was the beginning, not the end. Grace came to Ray the next day, in. open in dignation. . "It's time to throw down' the mask, my dear,!' she said. . "'Raoy is ather tricks. I am to be set aside in a very summary man ner; but it can't be done--it sha'n't. I can turn the tables on her. You know her object, Ray. -She .is setting her cap for the colonel ." "01 Grace," sighed Ray. ,"It is perfectly ridiculous; but it is true,!' said Grace. "Now, don't mention it, dear. The colonel admires me, silly' fellow, very much; and I--0 II am so fond of him. I'd die for him, Ray-and-andI can't give him up to a heartless butterfly like Racy, to whom one good-looking man would be 'just as charming as another. This' is the other half of my soul, Ray-not here." Ray looked like a piece of marble. Her eyes seemed to turn black under their golden lashes; they-so darkened and dilated. "'I wish you, had not told me," she. said; just: as .she had said to Racy the day' bey o "Don't faint over !it," said Grace, :"I shall neither offer her dagger nor' bowl, only I will not stand aside when the man I -I love-there, it's true-the 'man love, id in question. , I mean 'to, asklhim' to spend this evening. with me, and you must come, .Ray. :i - ."i'd rather not,'! said Ray. - "AhMi you side with-Ricy," said Grace. ! , No,! said Ray; " you are both very dean to, me, as 'dear as,: sisters cduld"'be; :" 'wish=-".. .,, " You need' not quarrel withRaoy," said Grace. ' ",You are neutral. :You shall' re riain so; but come to-night", :And' Ray wont, and' again the colonell walked with :her: across the gardens, and talked softly 'and: bent his head low, audi .parted lingeringly at the door, as those part) who1are loth, toe break, the' pleasant :flower chain'of bright .hours spent together., " -;f M?oney breaks masouline :friendsliip0; Onoe youhg man mayieasily turn two' girl friends into deadly enemies. :This hazidsome colonel had in ten mouths divided a- frioedship of twenty yearse for. Grace and Racy liad taken their first'steps tb nmoaot each othor,; and h'ad shared their sugar.plume before they could talk. ,Thoy 'had boonil very;" verjr fond' of each othqr., Now itIwas almost :hate. that they felt. i.Thio foeling grow with overy'day. 'A new hat,_ a gay!,dress, a coquettish?ar rangementi of the hair, that soomod to tell of a Wislh, tbo look beautifuluin the colinel'a eyes, either girl sawwith vindjotivea ' feeligs of which a year bofore: she: could ,not ha~e dreamt herself capable.! Nor ,w~s; eithbti oontbnt, 'The colonel told his adventures to Guace, and: flirtedi merrily, with R?oy,: He sang; duette wlith botl!.: HoH' was :always ready for:hnything, no' matter' whit might belproposed:; ibut rho inirotade:hb further ad vances, Noeitheor had gained :anything by this separation, oxcept. the uncomfortable fooeeling of. having quarrelled. And:the con fidante eiach had oliDsen: was very unsympa thizing, iand)held her, neutral ground too closely to.pleaseo eitoe. Poor little confi. dante I:pqor goclden.haltred, blhio-eyed Ray I of wliom, when on oescort duty, the brown broad.sahouldorqd: colonel took such care. The,'winter: rolled away, and the March days blow themselves out of oxisteneo, 'and April laughed and emiled upon the: world, when Ray and Racy,' standing beside" each othernoear the spot where .the first crouons of tho, yoar, lifted. its. yellow' head, saw the coloaol.riding dow'npthe lane, between his dwelling.and.the grounds belonging to the brothors' homesteads, answered his bow and watoabod.him out'of sight, . S?oo hos' he looks.back' i! said Racy, Thlay sighed.: ., . . R "cy,!'ibhe hosaid, and thOen paused. "'.W 11,"; liuid. Racy.' . .' 1 i '!Racy,,", aid Ray againl .'lyou Itold me onuo that you, likeditho colonel ,vory much; that you thought that he likedlgyou 'Do: you feel so and think so still :, '?,. b'r ..L 3 :: Now Racy, had she confessed the truth, would have replied that she was a little weary of her penchant, and doubted her power considerably; but she saw in the question a strategic movement of the enemy. Grace had asked Ray to discover the truth-r-Grace who hoped to triumph. " I adore him still," she answered; "and of course I should not do so if-if I doubted that he felt more for me than friendship. Ho is not a man to court one week and marry the next. Grace might as well have spared herself the trouble of that absurd trimming on her new dress. Colonel Cardiff doesn't caro what she wears, and it is very plain that she dresses for him." " But if she-if she-if he likes her best ?" said Ray. "Does he ? " cried Raoy. "I--I think not; but if-" faltered Ray, "would you hate her ?" " All my life ! " said Racy. "Hate would by no 'word for it! the designing, wicked-" " 0,' stop I" cried Ray, "stop I" She had turned'white again. Her change of colour frightened Racy. "You know something I" she said. "I wish we had all died before he came to make us quarrel " said Ray, and burst into tears. Ah hour after, she sat upon a sofa with Grace, and talked to'her. " Grace," she said, repeating the mean ing if not the words of speech to Racy, "if' Colonel Cardiff really loved Racy, and, she him, could you not give him up, and like some one else in time; and could you not forgive them both?" "Ray," cried Grace, "you really are the most mean-spirited creature I ever met. Forgive a girl for tricking me I Forgive a man for jilting me I It would be jilting, if the colonel cared for' any one else. I like him, and.he likes me; and Racy might as well stop burning her hair with the curling tongs, for all the effect her crimps and ring lets will have on his heart." Yet Grace all the while secretly felt that nothing had been gained by her quarrel with her cousin, and know by some feminine instinct that the handsome soldier had some thing on his mind of which he did not speak to her. That that something might be a grand passion for her cousin Raoy, she could not deny. "I should kill her if I could I" said Grace, after a pause. "I should have some revenge on the pitiful creature. But what an' idea. I am handsomer than she is; and for men, beauty is all." "I should not care for any man's love, if I thought that," said Ray. ' Certainly, if I loved, it would not be so. Don't you re member how fond we were of the bird witli a broken wing, and of our little lame terrier, when we were children? And when people are grown, and love each other, should it be entirely for outward seeming? A man I cared for would be so much dearer if his good looks were spoiled in any way, or-" "0O! we women are different," said Grace. "But I tell you, Ray, if over you come to love, you calm, happy child--if ever you should love, remember this: hide all feeling from the man you'liko. Never lot him see you 'sad or low-spirited. Smile and look your beat, if' a wolf is gnawing at your. heart.` If he flirts before your eyes with some contemptible woman who has done her best to win him, laugh and flirt with some one else; don't show that you are hurt, don't let him guess his power. They don't care for us as we oared for our birds and dogs." With which rambling tirade Grace flung herself into a sleepy-hollow chair, and clasping her hands together over her head, declared herself weary of the world. L' ittle Ray, pale and quiet, and with a tear in' each blue eye, slipped away, and shut her self in her own room all day. That evening before moonrise, Racy, walking in the garden, heard a voice near the evergreen hedge speaking earnestly and rapidly, and heard a woman's whisper reply to him. It was the colonel's voice, and the woman who answered might have been Grace-must have beeoon, she thought-and shoewent home furious. She did not know that, on the other side of the evergreen hedge, Grace also had listened, and though she, heard no words, knew that lovers wore whis-, poring near her, heard the soft modulations of the oelonel's voice, and believed that his' companion was Racy. Neithbr Racy nor Grace slept that night. As for Ray, she kept weeping vigil also. What had been whispered by the evergreen hedge she know better than the others.' ý. The next day was Sunday, a rainy Sun day.' The old bdlks'wero too much afraid of aolds: to' venture out, but 'Uncle Edward'eont ihis'barriage with'his own daughter in it for' the' other girls. Racy could not toll her father that sheowould not call for Grace, nor' Grace liooeso to refuse to go. Ray sat be twoon them, and old Jack Brown the coach ian' wondered at their odd speechlessness. He drove them to church and brought them, backlin silence. Not until they reached that portion of the road from which the colonel's dwelling could be seon did oither speak. Then Ray started to her foot. " What insthat ?l " she ocriod. "What has happoened ?' And then all saw the colonols valet, Cuto, flying toward them, wrinlging his:hands and orying like aI woman. .. "Stop the oarriage, Jaclr," oried Grace, and all three 4rang out upon the wet gra?e and 'ran forward to moeet Cato, who could onlyigarsp .-' ' " Thos'oolonelol the poor colonel I " and he seeomed incapablo of offering any oxplana tion. That something terrible 'had happened they know well enough, anid they followed the man, regardless of the rain and of their rich dresses trailing through the coddon grass-forgetful of their ill feeooling oven, those two rivals, and clutoching onchl otlhor'e hands as they ran on. l3ut Ray wan bIrforo them; and when upon the throehold, Crecoc and Racy astood frozen by the woiling cry that comes naturally to all womoen's lipu bo side thIe doead. They oew her cittin g on the floor, hIolling aegailntt her bosoIn the dond face of Colonel Cardiff, her white handu stained crirmson with his lifeblood, rind her lips uttoring all tendoer love namer, and oarll ing on him to comeo bio to oihr, for nho lied loved himu, though lshe hidl said hir ny. They lurnt tlhe trutlh in tlrirt rmo'nt. Noithoer hald any nood for other orxplhnation. Ilut when othoro hald come, and Riry waoo taken homno, and all the lasrt nald orvices had booeen performed, (Grrco saw lying on the floor, whore it had dropped froru the dead hand, a little note, and opouing it read this : Dea reay,--I dlos, bsaus I oTunot live without you. I was a fool to hope thot you coould love a maimed man so much older than yourself, but with that hope I lose all that makes life dear. Good-by. God bloos you, and have meroy upon me. HIAnna Ar CODr'. Then she clutched Racy's arm. "This lies at our door," she moaned. "God forgive us." "I could not accept happiness at the ex pense of yours," Ray said afterwards, when it was over. "You both believed that he loved you. You both said that you loved him. I only meant to die myself, and be out of your way. I never thought it could kill him." There are living, in one of the three houses on the hill, to-day, three ladies, no longer young, and who have never married, nor will ever now. They are good, quiet, patient women, who knit stookings and make gruel for the poor; and once a year they go together to a graveyard not far away, and seek out a certain white stone, on which one may read the name of Harry Cardiff. And Grace and Racoy, in their plain black bon nets, put a few flowers upon the grave and stand aside; but Ray kneels down and touches her lips to the grave, and rests her oheeks upon it.' This is her right. It is her dead who lies asleep there, and beside him she will lie when God so wills it. This the three sobbing girls who came to the grave for the first time, promised each other so many years ago. This they remember still, and each knows that the other remem bers it, though they never speak of the past. 