THE LA"W OV GAMES. (Saturday Review.) _ I A BOOK has been.recently published, giving a brief history of latteries is England, and it may be worthwhile to remark that, when one great opportunity for gambling was removed by the abolition of State lotteries, it was natural that other opportunities should be invented or improved. This observation may perhaps account for the great extension of betting upon horse races during the last forty years. Tho Derby is at any rate preferable to an annual State lottery organized on a scale proportioned to the wealth and speculative spirit of tho nation. We may estimate what would bo done now by looking baok to what was done in 1826 in pre- paration for the drawing of the last State lot- tery in October of that year. The name of the enterprising contractor, Bish, still lingers in the memory of many persons, through his poetical advertisement : 'Tia Biahs lionao, I know it well, 'Tia tlioro yon got n goldou pill. The earnest invitations to men, women, «nd children, to make their fortunes by tho help of Bish may remind us that there aro several per- sons prepared at any moment to reveal for a small consideration, the name of an outrider who is certain to win a great race. The art and mystery of puffing has not perished, as Charles Lamb feared it would, along with lotteries. But perhaps.,, there hos been little improvement upon the ingenuity of Bish and other lottery contractors. _ " They cajoled and decoyed the mose suspicious and wary reader into a perusal of their advertisements by devices of an endless variety and cunning. They baited their . lurking schemes with midnight murders, ghost stories, crim. cons., bons-mots, balloons, dreadful 'catastrophes, and every diversity of joy and i sorrow to catch newspaper gudgeons." Besides 'encouraging talent which Charles Lamb tnougüt aanuraDie, me QUI LU JUULCI J UUUCU upwards of a quarter of a million to the revenue of the year. It gave employment to ' others besides puffers. There is a tradition that a well .known jockey used to disappear from 'Newmarket at intervals during the winter months, and ho was supposed to be employed in riding with relays of norses from Liverpool to London to nnnonnce the numbers of thc tickets which had been drawn at prizes in tho Irish lotteries. JW any precautions were adopted to ensure fairness in thc drawing. J King Charles II. informed his subjects that ho would himself seo all the prizes put in amongst the blanks, and at thc same time Mr. Francis Child of Temple Bar under- took to be responsible to tho adventurers for the delivery of the prizes. The division of labour bet-seen the sovereign and the banker is amusing. . The King would undertake for his own honesty, but not for the solvency of himself or of anybody else. This lottery was held for tho disposal of the jewels of Prince Rupert, then lately deceased, which were valued at £20,000. When tho State went regulurly iuto the business of lotteries, it endeavoured to of individual speculators, who, however, operated to a great extent, and with every Bpccics of fraudulent contrivance. It becamo ' tho custom to employ boya of tho Bluecoat School lo draw the tickets of the State lotteries', and an order WBB issued by the Treasury th:it > lotteries or " little goes " I tbe managers should seo that " the bosom anc sleeves of his coat be'closely buttoned, anc his pookets sewed up,'* and other precaution! be taken- to render cheating impossible. Pooi medical practitioners used to attend th« drawings of public lotteries to bo ready tc assist persons -who mi^ht be overpowered bj emotion on shearing the fate of the tickets which they held. Oharles Lamb bas described the happiness of a gentleman w.ho, by a mis- take of a lottery office, enjoyed for ten minutes the pleasure of possessing £20,000. The lite- rature of tho age derived a special flavour from this source. It was thought a good joke to announce that " six fair pretty young ladies imported from Europe" would be íafüed for at Calcutta, and we almost wonder that this advertisement did not produce a cynical essay upon tho advantages of a blank in the lottery of matrimony. Thero must havo been a few persons who made fortunes in lotteries and kept them, and there must have been persons innumerable who habitually took tickets in lotteries, just aa there aro persons who always make a small ".investment," as they call it, upon the Derby. It is, however, some- thing gained that the law does not allow bet- ting agents to advertise themselves as openly as did the great Bish. Something like the j national infatuation which prevailed iu the ¡ age »f lotteries has been produced locally in recent times m reference to horse-racing. We I arc reminded by the death of the venerable Earl of Zetland that Yorkshire wont mad j when " the spots'' won tho Derby ; and although . thc lato Earl's influence in Richmond procured . the return of the present Lord Chancellor for that borough, yet this trivial' circumstance will be forgotten, while it will be remembered that Lord Zetland was an excelleut judge of horseflesh, and the master of a small but well selected stud, which included Voltigeur and Vedette. Tho Earl of Zetland belonged to a class of sportsmen of. whom there are too few left on the turf, and indeed it has lotteries under King Charles II., when the public needed some special assurance that things would bo dono upon the square. The belief of Torkshiremen in their favourite " spots " was founded on the honour as well as shrewdness which governed tho Aske stable. As we cannot expect the English nation to abstain from gambling, it is something to have substituted horse- races, even as they are now conducted, for lotteries. These remarks have been suggested by a little book on Games, by Mi-. F. Brandt, which brings out more clearly than any other book which we remember that tho prohibitions of various early statutes were directed against games, not as in themselves wrong, but as ' tending to divert attention from archery and other warliko exorcises. Thus the Btat. 33 Henry the Eighth o 9, which was passed-upon the petition of bowmen and others concerned in making implements of archery, enacts that no manner of artificer, craftsman, labourer, or servant should play at tables, tennis, dice, cards, bowls, or any other unlawful game out of Christmas under pain of 20s. According to the idea of that time, the king and nobility might do that which was for- bidden to tho common people, and the royal palaces and the houses of great men hud special privileges for gambling. For many generations certain apartments of the royal palace offered facilities to lords and ladies to lose their money, and in the comedies of the eighteenth century play at the Groom Porter's is mentioned as betting at Tattersalls might be if comedies were written nowndava. This " r/ood and profitable statute" of King Henry VIII, would certainly have- prohibited cricket if that game bad been invented in his 1 time. It was not merely playing for money, but playing simply, that was forbidden, and doubtless boat- racing would have been censured along with other " vanos ludos" us distracting the mind of youth from archery. The ladies of the period were doubt- less expected to look on at archery with as much interest as at bowls or tennis ; and in- deed archery must have been almost as amus- ing to tho uninitiated spectator as particularly scientific cricket, involving a frequent occur- rence of " maiden overs." It might be an interesting question how far the statute of Henry Viii, was observed. That it had con- siderable effect may be inferred from the declaration of King James i. that certain games should beflawtul upon Sundays or holi I days after divine service was ended. Thus the exemption which had been allowed to Ohrist Í mas was extended to other festivals. The ? Sabbatarian view of these matters only estab- lished itself at a later time.. 