'??'??OUMBNT EVJBNTS. . s Tiie ?WESturAS Cmjnon South Brisbane. —Tho Eev. W. Brentnnll preaches to- morrow: nioruing at tho church in Stanley-strait, find in Albert-elreot at 7 p.m. on .tho same ovoning. Bkisbanb HosplTAli.-^Medical report for tho WBok ending. April 17th, 1873 :— In-door patients remaining last week, 99 J received _ during weok, 11 j: discharged, 20; 'died, lj total in hospital, .110 j remaining, 90. Out door patients on list, 99 ; in attendance daring tho woek, 27. The South Sea Missions.— The missionary barquo John Wesley,' Mansoll, master, which sailed from Sydney for the South Sens on Tuos- , day last, carried tho following passengers: — Rov. W. Baker, Mrs. Baker, and five children; Rev. W. Fletcher, Mrs. Fletcher, throo children aud servant, Rev. Mr. Mathieson, Mrs. Mathie' boii, Rev. Mr. Sundys and Mrs. Suudys, Mrs, Amos, Mrs. Rabone and two children, Miss Wilson, Mr. Todd and two children, and three steerage passengers. I.O.GvT-,— A very fair liouso assembled last night at the Temperance Hall. Brother Hen ncssy was highly successful in freeing himseU from the ropes knotted round him, oven under tho special disadvantage of tho rope being passed two or throe times round liis neck so tightly as to cause absolute pain. Several gentlemen hod volunteered their services in tho matter of songs, recitations, &c.; j Mr. Vary eliciting repeated demands for an encore. At the conclusion of tho entertainment, a vote of thanks to Mr. Honnessy wus passed, with whoso name wus coupled those of the members of tho Star of Peace Lodge, who. had so kindly assisted in tho evening's proceedings. .'. Nomination or City Additob. — We have bqcn rcquestod to call attention to an alteration in tho date on which nominations for a city .auditor will be received. Wo understand that it was the intention of tho Returning Oflluor to use tho last year's roll, in this election, as vtho vacancy having occurred so oarly in the year, the now roll could not have been completed for tho purpose without making an invidious dis tinction between ratepayers in different wards Hid' Worship the Mayor Iibb, however, deomed it advisable to postpone tho nomination in order to give all ratepayers an opportunity of quali fying themselves to vote by paying their rateB for the current half year, and thereby placing all tho wards on an equal footing, which would not havo boon the case if the nomination had taken placo us first advertised, as the rates in certain of tho wards ure not yet duo and there is still an appeal court to take placo. Municipal Council. — Tho fortnightly meet: ing of the Council will be held on Monday next, the 21st day of April, when the following busi ness will bo brought forward : — Correspondence! petition from ratepayers in Queen and Adelaide streets about the open drain; reception of the Finance and Improvement Committees' reports . to open tenders for lease of Kangaroo Point ferry ; and the consideration of tho snbjomod nottcos of motion :?— By His Worship the Mayor : ' That the footpath fronting the Town Hall bo pared.' By Alderman Spenoe: .'' That a shad bo somowhere erected to contain sifted earth.' By Alderman M'Mastor : ' That a deputation wait upan the Government to obtain assistance in tho matter of a system of draiuago for tho city.' - Ethiopian Entertainment. — On Monday next tho Original Brisbane Amateur Minstrels purpose to give an entertainment at the School of Arts in aid of the Lying-in Hospital, and His Excellency the Governor has both promised his patronage and presence. Independent of the object in view, which is extremely laudable, it must bo remombored that tho gentlemen who compose thin association have, on ma'ny. pre vious occasions, rendered their very recherche and woll-rondered selections to the expressed enjoyment of their au'.lioneo; and ^ to their credit, be it said, their exertions havo not only been eminently successful, but tho proceeds have always been devoted to a local charity ;'the pre sent object is to assist a most deserving one, and unfortunately is in need of assistance.. The Victouia Haiij. — To-night is announced , as the last of a very short season uuder the Buporintondencc of Mr. Tavares, ho having made arrungomoiits to lake his company to. Ipswich and Toowoomba, whilst tho necessary additions and improvements in tho Bcenory are made in tho theutro, to enablo him, as he announces) when he returns, to bring out somo of tho most popular pieces of the day, and which the daily expected arrival of several professionals undor engagement will enable him to do. Tho dopar turo of Mias Lizzie Watson, the engagement of the sisters by Mr. Taveres, and his contemplated trip, will again leave us without any regular place of amusement. Tho programme for to night will exactly suit tho taste of our theatre going public, every one in tho company being fully up I'd their particular parts, affordiug a a really enjoyablo'evening'e entertainment. The Sonoot op Abts. — Last night being' devoted to a complimentary benefit to Mr. and Mrs. Hurry Braham, thoro was a numorous and highly respectable audience present, and tho performances /ot the vnrious artists engaged . gave evory satisfaction. Mr. and Mrs. Braham not only gftvo an entirely new programme, but with their accustomed good nature encored with some of the old favorites, which were received with as much, approbation as upon the first occuBion of their boing sung before the Brisbane publio ; not by any menns forgetting ' Larry Doolan,' and ' K.C.B ,' by Mrs. Braham, which fairly brought clown the Iioubo. The sisters, too, wo thought, put an extra quantity of electricity in thoir legs, und danced astonish iiigly woll, with, in some cases, a double encore. Mr. Chapman had but little opportunity for exhibiting many of his cleanly and clovorly executed tricks, but there can be no mistake . that the 'sackful of ghosts' is. a wonderful illusion ; although he hittfsolf bulls it ' a matter of course, and no trouble at all.' ' To-night is i tho last appearance of the company, and those who are pleased with this stylo of amusement should not lose the opportunity of seeing these talented urtists before their departure, ? 'Lost in- the Bush.— ^Information wai re. coiyod at the Ipswiou. police ofllco yesterday of tho loss of two men, oiibnamod Trotter and the ' olhor a Gorman, name unknown, in tho fiose wood Sorub. It appears: that on WodneBflay luat thu two men l«fb their horses and saddles at Mr. , Thomas Thornton's place, Rosewood 'Sorub,' and went into the sorub to select a. farm. They' wero to return the Bumo cyoning, but . nothing has since been seen of thorn. Informa tion was lent in to Sub-Inspector Franois about' noon yesterday, aud a mounted constable was ut onco despatched to search for the mieBing men. . Information was alao telegraphed to Oxley, in., tho neighborhood of whiob. tho men lived,— Igiwiob Oisttver. ' \ ' - 