THE MURRAY TRADE. If any of our readers devoted but five minutes, with their eyes open, to the warning which our last week's notice but too plainly conveved to them of an Adelaide raoremetit to secure for its own port, and divert from others, fav means of railway communication at the public exofiiisR. the imnnrtant, trade of th« Mnrrae. they must or they should have been strack by at least one fact and one probability. How ever its preconcerted and intended gradual development for the present may be concealed, the fact was and is a powerful combination for effecting this spoliation. The probabiiity was that tbe Government (weak at best with their present Parliament), through the novel expedient, of interviewing heads of departments — and in more other ways, we take leave to add, than one — might be sub jected to such a pressure from without as; should drive them into alliance with the pro moters of a scheme which, to the local but hitherto respected, nay cherished, interests of Southern commerce, would be altogether ruinous. What, then, was probable is now, however, patent enough. Aggression has takea the initiative, and that apparently under the direct auspices of the Government. The plans and wishes of tbe promoters, the Com missioner of Crown Lands, in his recent recep tion of their deputation, blandly assured them, had already been anticipated by the Execu tive — ' yes, in the direction of Mannum !' when, as if the ghosts of violated pledges to. his Southern constituents flitted across his troubled mind — may we say conscience — the Commissioner, fully equal as he is to discourse eloquently by Shrewsbury clock, became sud denly reticent ; — but the cat was out. It certainly seems extraordinary that before the Government, in the common course of things, are in the possession of plans of lines, and gradients, and estimates of construction,, with such a reliable report to illustrate the necessity and advantage of one exclusive plan over all others, they should receive the self interested promoters of an immature scheme with the premature assurance of all but sup port. A grave suspicion, moreover, may well exist, that in Mr. Gharnock's abstaining froa- pressing any particular route he knew full well beforehand that when the Commissioner should be appealed to on the Rcore of direction be would be compelled by his answer virtu ally to throw overboard liis own constituents and to eat his oft-reiterated assurances to them of support. The hour seems at hand when the electors also should put a question, and that is, whether they are not entitled to the resignation of the representative who can use the power of jffice in detriment to their most vital inten-f'c. - Public meetings are often like eruptioi.3 on the 6kin — an outlet for humoars and tamper of mere passing occurrence ; but the depriva tion which threatens us calls for something more than mere transient and superficial action. Nothing less than a prompt but de cided and permanent union of our district with those of Goolwa, Port Elliot, Pjrfc Victor, and Yankaliila is calculated effectually to stay, at its outset, an attempt which has for its object the severance of the Murray trade from our Southern and South -Eastern districts — a measure not less fraught with untold evilB to our just and preferential commercial rights than it is calculated to retard and injure the social, agricultural, and mineral interests which may belong to them. Despite, however, of its having, it would seem, the sanction of Government, this unjustifiable project for the aggrandizement of a distant port must be met at once by an organized and spirited resistance both within and from without Parliament. Before the Legislature again assembles we trust to see a local Committee of Protection established, under whose direction an impor tant central meeting shall be held to deprecate and, if possible, to prevent an evil which, if suffered to gain strength, will work common and ruinous injury. If the South can command its 10 votes in ihe present Parliament, and its 20 in that which is soon to succeed it, we are safe. ; but if we are content to stand by with folded arms aB silent and apathetic spectators of our own ruiu, we richly shall deserre our fate. 