SUPLOYEB AND EJCPLOrED. (From the London Ujricultural Gacette.) If ever good sense, good temper, and good nature were seeded in the trans action of ordinary business, they are wantod now in mrncuiturai affairs. The relations of employer and employed seem to be it) a mess over many of the lower paid counties of the kingdom. A fanner finds his mon to be no longer his mere servants— with perfect liberty , indeed, to leave wo, uuv wivu uuiy uiat inaennite and misty alternative before them which very doubtful possibilities of engagement elsewhere used to oBer if the engagement here wore brokon. TJioj can now obtain bare maintenance for a sufficient period of time, though they resolve to leavo. Tbcir unions trive them for a while a certain minimum weekly pay if they are refused tho higher wages for which, within sanctioned limits, they msy choose to strike. Those unions, indeed, aw not were agencies for helping those who may thus pluck up the oourage which under the old system could hardly be expected— they profess lo be on the look-out generally and con stantly for the interests of the men, aud they advise and even direct a strike, as well es merely stmcliau it, ia esses where tbewagesarcasthey believe, below the market Taluc of the services. The wago at which they aim, whether merely sanc tioned or attempted to be enforced, must, of course, be below tho Amount which i« being given in other district* ; and funds are forthcoming, no matter from what source, to enable men to travel to these other district!, and to maintain tlicir families meanwhile. Wo said no matter from what source ; but it is their own motley that is being spent in this way on these men. Thny are uniting in immenso numnera, and Bubscnuinp a certain weekly portion of their earnings for the cost of working this machinery. And whoshall say tbgtihis is not a per fectly legitimate machinery and process F If you and we wore agricultural laborers earning 12a or 13s a week apiece, for Uie daily support of our families, even though such payments as we received in excessof this were -uffioient to pay for the cottage and the clothing— and erea though «-e might remember when ourfathers managed to bring us up and maintain themselves on 10s or even less, where we now have two or three shillings more — even though, indeed, we could remember farther back than that, when the utmost claimed was the bare market value of a bushel of wheat for the week's work of a man thankful as we might be for tbe improve ment vrhicb these figures proved, should we not welcome such an agency as this for improving our position further ? It is quite possible that we should not— quite possible that it might be nothing at auy rate to us— that our position with a mas tor who was also a land neighbor and a friend might be unimprovable even by the possibility of elsewhere earning extra shillines— quite possible that the interests of a rising family served by schooling, friends, anri opportunities of useful ser vice among our own folks might make discontent with our circumstances un reasonable notwithstanding tlie report* of better wages at a distance. And it is in these particulars that the good sense and good nature to which we hare alluded as alone able to meet tbe wages difficulty will chiefly show themselves. Nevertheless, it is otter folly to iepmhlt or oo-deran the welcome syhioh laboring men as a body must inevitably accord to an agency such as we have deooribed. They will join it —they will work with it— they will obey it. This they -trill probably do, if at first with hesitation, st length with enthusiasm — ultimately, no doubt, mth convictions, greatly tempered by their experience of the narrow limits within which such agencies can operate ; bnt that laborers will unite and do their best for their order under whatever guidance they ean procure we cannot doubt. This, employer* had better at once admit. It is a perfectly legal thing tor these men to do, and as it is certain to be done, we submit that employer* had better accept tbe ond frankly and at oooo, aud ?rith no prejudice of any kind whatever against those who may be active in pro moting it. As for forming counter unioo* for the purposes of a general lock-out against a general strike, still more for presenting testimonials to employers who have had the courage to dismiss a lot of discontented men— and instance* of both these kinds arc being reported— we he line the*e also (o be utter follies. We shall do more by sympathising with the legitimate desires of the men, encouraging rather tluh condemning their onions, helping them to_ sound guidance, and accepting an ineriftbic, or even assisting the movement of laborora to the better pud districts. Wo see an Essex employer hs* hod come men sent to gaol who. after their con tract with him. had left die wheat hoeing which he had let to them for 3» an acre. Well '. is it quite certain that the itriet law has bwn enforced in this case — it it even possible lint strict justice has been done— the wheat liocjng uu).j huro been really worth only 3« an tore, and whether it iras or Dot the men had no right to throw up their enntraot — and they may have perfectly deserved tlin lot tliov have broneliton themselves. We incline «o tjhink, however, that the farmer would have done belter to hare waited for bis remedy till next year— *uwing his next wheats a little wider, employing hirrce hoe*, and faying men, selected for their skill and carefulness, to work these imple ments at c«:tra wases. We see — everybody has seen, for 2Vie Titties li»« *ent Aotn a ipefial dcnimis tioner to investigate the case— that n Mr Hambriilge. or Ascolf, near Chipping Norton. hIiom men had ulnick for higher wages, hoc prosecuted 1 7 women — some of them mothers of the ftmilinn nf thcis laborers — who h&d; attempted, by Rtieh noise and tnmult a» rntild be comp.i«wi} b7 a ' multitude' of that nuimW. to deter two men wbom he had engaged in their place from prooeoiiing to their work. We think lie would have done heller to hnvo allowed (lie »n-;er wliicl; ins iijcrilabjy excited to evaporate in this unruly noise, as it would soon linre done i for (!ic laborers who hod left him would readily, at this time of the year, havo gnt otUer employment, nnrl thiugp would hare rigbtcd themnelves with the minimum in itn-i of tim irmi:mnm of ttiKturb^nac whieh he has managed to excite. A' it i«, lie lian broken with good tense, KOftd nature, Dnd good temper — the three trustworthy guides we linvc recommended', and claiming instead of them the nnsist anoc nf two clergymen, mogisl roles of the r.eiirlitiorhoaj. btIio have «ent l(i of .-the wnnien to prison vlih hard lojipr for their oflonce, lie Jim eonlrived to iiring about an OKeiWniOni VlSta 'in muc ^m- t-^urf pipf oflhene iisefiilnidsniueli mnro difficult In aiftrilsr circnmrtoneM, w»li-b aw rer tain to nrlw risea^ierp, . ' AgKculfurnl employers 1i«d letfer, we suWl', at onre mftkc uptfiHf nrfndi njtr what alter connMefttibn they must con rludr to lp inrvilabic; jinrl they bad b'Het ilion fry in Mpand direct lo use ful ct.ii« tliitt Fiiie'i, if merilj opiwsed or ilWIwclfd,!! cerUliutefce nlisohiof ens A Gnorr iv 3l.imr.iu— At the lime ,lli»l flurrlA |i rfomwl in (i-mibnan- l'wW«,'tlic ti»«e iiicllnel r r- .i u tli' nit at ao Bleep jijTra- -uaH, ltaa U w-» *n'.cn« WMalton it.' (lue ni|r!it tlie ploy wu * lliuiilot,' and «*fi gkn«t, Khan. unit ot .arninr b*d l»;nlior roimil fmtn the Tovrer, MiiFencuuilHTod ty S;b w,'j(lbt tvhen not. up 4rw- thulrnp, wat: nnnlile to keep l.uljilMice.luid rolloAdoitn t- ttw lump', where be iiur, 'cantned in Uutimrflrrs'till a was; In the pit /drew U» ; Bticntiiin of Ore oilier performers lyarfitif' out, ' The ghost will be burned 1 ' Db, Barasrv Puosthodvke. — Multi tudes of people ore hopelessly «uff aring from Debility, Nervous and Uver Complaints, Depression of Spirit- Delusions, Uufltneas for Business or Study, Failure of Ucaring, Sight, and Memory, lassitude, Wont of Power, &c;,, whose cases admit of a per manent cure by tbe new remedy I'llOSPlfO DYKE (Ozonlc Uyigcn), which at once allays all Irritation and excitement, Impart* new energy and life to the cnfeebloi consti tution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all chemlsU and storekeepers throughout the oolonlcB, from whoni pampb tse containing testimonials may bu obtained. tST OAUTION.-Do particuUr to nsk for Ur. Bbioui'b I'uoii'UoDVKE, a* imlta tionaare abroad, and avoid nuicbating; single bottles, the genuine artiste being sold in oases only. 