NEW SOUTH WALES. We (Sydney Empire, 29th July,) learn from a gentleman who arrived in Sydney, by train, yesterday morning, from Bathurst, that a murder of a most horrible nature is supposed to have been perpetrated upon an old man of the name of James Moggridge, a carrier, employed on the Bathurst and Orange roads. What led to the suspicion that a fearful crime had been committed was the return of the old man's dog to Kelso, whining and crying in a most piteous manner. The circumstance was immediately reported to the police, whereupon an immediate search was instituted, but up to last evening no clue had been found by the police as to the perpetrator of the tragic deed, although the Hill End mailman reported in Bathurst, last evening, that a skull, a hand, and a tomahawk had been found buried in the ashes of a fire which had been burning close to where the old man's team was found. Suspicion rests upon a young man who was in the deceased's employ, and who, it is said, is only recently out of gaol. The affair has caused much sensation in Bathurst, the deceased being an old resident, and well respected. The above statement is given on authority of a gentleman who called at our office on his arrival from Bathurst this morning, as having been communicated to him before leaving there last night ; but as our telegraphic correspondent at Bathurst has sent us no full account of the subject, we do not guarantee the correctness of the particulars. The Empire says In a few days the legal game of divorce may commence in real earnest, but nobody seems to like to begin. There has been a little rubbing, it is said, at Judge Hargrave's tempting bait, but the bold man or woman plucky enough to make the first bite for freedom is not yet forthcoming. This is unfair both to the Legislature, the profession, and the public. It is hard to the first-named that they should be left to suppose that they had legislated without a cause, and to the two last still harder to be deprived of their large promised and doubtless anxiously expected profit and amusement. The expense is said to be one cause of the apparent reluctance to try the now infallible remedy for matrimonial complaints, and certainly His Honor seems to have taken all sorts of care to make his specific as much a luxury as possible. To get satisfactorily rid of one's wife or husband will cost, it is said, something like 2500 rather a long price for what must originally have been a bad bargain. During the passage of the steamer Blackbird from Brisbane to Sydney, on Friday evening, a saloon passenger named Hewitt, suddenly and mysteriously disappeared from the dock, and must therefore have fallen overboard and been drowned. It appears that on Friday evening, at about half-past five o'clock, the unfortunate man was seen going aft, and at 6 p.m. he was missed, A search was instituted in every part of the ship, but no traces of him could be found. The night was very dark and stormy, with a heavy sea running. The deceased was not known to any person on board, but it transpired that he had arrived in Brisbane from London a short time since, in the ship Pekina. A telegram has been received from the Queensland Government, accepting the offer of the Government of New South Wales to carry Queensland letters by the San Francisco route, far the postage only, and placing the Torres Straits service at the disposal of New South 1 Wales on the same terms. Some young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 6 o'clock (reports the Wagga Wagga Express) attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening timorous passers by. He possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, he waited behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robinson's residence and the Public school the approach of some one upon whom to practise the effects of his ghostly rumont. Fortunately for him those shortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was sufficiently self-possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and posted raised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her land that he dearly proved his fleshy origin by declining to come too near, as the damsel's system of " laying " spirits was not to his taste. 