Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTURE. ST THE AUTHORES8 OF ' LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET,' &o.; I ff The right of publication has been purchased by the proprietors I ef the Sydney Mail.] I BOOK I.— CHAPTER VIII. Lucius Inclines to Suspicion. xowabds morning self-indulgent habits triumphed ?over anxious love. After tossing all night in feverish unrest, Mr. Hossack slept soundly till noon' ; but not 41 common-place slumber, for the visions of his head Tipon his bed were made beautiful to him by the image ?of his beloved. She was with him in that dream world where all is smooth and fair as the wide boBom of Danube or Rhine when ne storm- wind ruffles his 'waters ; a world where there were neither sick children 3ior concerts — nothing but happiness and love. He awakened himself reluctantly from so sweet a ?delusion, dressed and breakfasted hurriedly, and went «traight to the little draper's shop at the fag end of Stillmington. After Mrs. Bertram's gentler manner last night, he felt as if he might venture to approach 3ier. Sorrow had brought them nearer to each other ; ?she whohad so sternly repulsed his love had not re jected hiB sympathy. . She had thanked him. even, for -his, proffered aid, in that thrilling voice which in speech j «b in song went straight to his heart. j The young woman was behind the counter when he went in, reading a newspaper in pensive solitude. ' How is the little girl this morning ? ' he asked, ?eagerly. x , ' O, sir, I'm sorry to say she's not so well. She was light- headed last night, and her poor mar sat up, and looks a« pale as a ghost to- day, and the doctor seemed vnore serious like. But, as mother tells Mrs. Bertram, its only scarlatina ; it isn't as if it was scarlet fever, you &now.;' The little door of communication between the shop and the staircase opened at this moment, and Jane Bertram's pale face appeared — how pale and wan ! He could not have thought one night's sufferings would have worked such a change. ' She iB worse,' she said, looking at the girl with liaggard eyes that hardly seemed to nave sight in them. *'xor God's sake run for the doctor.' ' She can't be so bad as all that Come, bear up, Mrs. Bertram, that's a dear,'- answered the girl, kindly. ' You're so nervous, and you're not used to illness. I'll run and fetch Mr Vincent if you like, but I dare say there's no need.' She shuffled on her bonnet as she sjfokei,: \ ' ' I don't know,' Mrs. Bertfahi T3aidirhQlp}e^sly';; 'I don't know what I ought to-db j ^Bhe .wj^jrevejr so ill before.' P ! *?-— O ' She went tip stairs, GeorSfcy (oUomngvT&mbDldiened; by pity. He stood by the 'ojSeji doozLof th#)liule 'bad- room— commonly furnishecLbut nea∧ spotless in its pure drapery of white ffimity, weU- Bcj'ubbed floor, and freshly-papered w^JlV ^The sick child lay with her golden hair spread loofidy -on the^pi ilo w, her blue eyes bright with Sever. Thelaiidlady sat by the bed sharing the mother's watch. Mrs. Bertram bent over the child, kissed her with fond passionate kisses, and murmured broken words cf love, then turned towarcls the door, surprised to see the intruder. 'You here!' she exclaimed, seeing Geoffrey, but with no anger in the sorrowful face. ' Yes, I want so much to be of use to you. Will you spare me two minuteB, in here ? ' he asked, pointing to the fitting-room, the door of which stood cpen. ' The little girl is safe with our g-icd friend.' ' Yes,' the mother answered, piteously. ' I can do nothing for her. Only God can help us — only He who pitied the sinful woman in her agony.' The words struck strangely on his ear, but he let them pass unnoticed as the wild cry of an almost despairing soul. What should Bhe have to do with sin ? she in whose countenance reigned purity and a proud innocence none could dare impeach, ' I spoke to you last night about gettiHg further advice,' he said. ' Mind, I don't suppose it's in the least degree necessary; your child's recovery is no doubt merely a question of time. These childish fevers must run their course. But t can see that you are unduly anxious. It might be a comfort to you to see another doctor, a man especially experienced in the treatment of children. I know just such a man — one who has been particularly successful with children; not an eminent man by any means, but one who has worked among the poor, whose heart is in his profes sion, whose work is really a labour of love. I can «peak of him with perfect confidence, for he is .my friend, and I know nil this to be true. Let me tele graph for him ; I am sure that he will come as quickly as an express train can bring him.*' Her eyes brightened a little, and she gave him a look full of gratitude. ' How good oi* you to think of thiB ! ' she said. ' O yes, pray, pray send for him. Such a man as that might save my darling, even if she were in danger, and the doctor here says there is no danger. Pray send for this good man. I am not very rich, but I will gladly pay any fee within my means, and be his debtor for further pajment in the future.' ' He will not want payment,' answered Geoffrey, with a smile. ' He is my friend, and would make a longer journey than between this and London to serve me. Rely upon it, he will be with you before this evening. ' Good-bye, Mrs. Bertram, and try to be hopeful. If I thought there were a better in all Lon don than (he man I am going to summon, rely upon it I would have that better man.' He gave her his hand, which she did not refuse ; at least, ehe let her feverish little hand rest in his for one brief delicious moment, perhaps unconsciously. But he felt that he had gained ground since that day in the garden. He had won the right to approach her. . He jumped into the first fly he met, told the man to drive his hardest to the railway station — it was before the days of postal telegraph offices — and dis patched his message, paying for both, telegram and reply. The message ran thus : — ' From Geoffrey Hossack, Stillmington, Warwickshire, to Lucius Davoren, 103, Shedrack- Basin Road, London. ' Come here at once to see a sick child. No time to be lost. Your coming quickly will be the greatest favour you cab do for me. The patient's address is 15, Marlow-street, Newtown, Stillmington, Answer paid for.' Ihe telegram handed over to the clerk, he Began to speculate upon the probabilities of delay. After all, this telegraphic system, which would have seemed eo miraculous to our ancestors, is net rapid enough for the impatience of Young England's impetuous epi'it. ' It seems a slow business at the best. Science has made the matter swift as light, but clerkly sluggish ress and slow-footed messengers clog electricity's wings, and a message which takes a hundred seconds for its actual transmission from the operator to the dial may not be delivered, for a couple of hours. Geoffrey went back to Marlow-Btreet to hear the last tidings of the little patient. She was sleeping peacefully, and her mother seemed more hopeful. 'ihiB lightened his heart a good deal, and he went back to his hotel, smoked a cigar, played a game of pyra mids with some officers from the StulmingtonBarrack9, and thus beguiled the time till the waiter brought him the answer to his telegram. It was brief and decisive. ' I shall come to Stillmington by the last train. Must see patients before leaving.' The last train ! That meant considerable delay. It was now 4 o'clock, and the last train came into Still mington at 11. How coolly these doctors take things ! Geoflrey felt as if his friend ought to have abandoned all his other patients to their fates for the sake of this sick child. The last train ! Was this the measure of friendship ? Happily the latest report of the little girl was cheer ing. Doubtless all would be well. On the strength of this hope Geoflrey dined ; and dined tolerably well, having asked . the officers to share his meal. This hospitality prolonged the business of dining till after 9 o'clock, when Geoflrey pleaded an engagement as an excuse for getting rid of his guests, and went for the third time that day to Marlow-street. He had drunk little or nothing at the social board, and had felt the exercise of hospitality somewhat irksome ; but he was the kind of young man to whom dinner-giving is an absolute necessity. The draper's shop in Martow-street had closed its j shutters, but the door stood open, and the damsel in ringlets was airing herself on the threshold after the labours of a day which had brought her about halfa dozen customers. To Geoffrey's question, which had become almost a formula, she answered hopefully. The child was better. She had sat up for a minute and had drunk & cup of milk, and had taken sundry spoonfuls of beef-tea, and had eaten three grapes, and had spoken 41 quite lively and sensible-like. Children are bo soon down, and so soon up again,' said the damsel, ' It's no good tak ing on about them, aB I told Mrs. Bertram this morning.' ' She is happier now, I suppose ? ' said Geoffrey. ' O dear yes, quite herself again.' ' Will you ask her if I may see her for a minute or two ? I want to tell her about the doctor I have sent for.' The girl went upstairs, and returned speedily. ' Mrs. Bertram will be happy to see you,' she said, ' if you'll please to walk up. If he Bhould please to \?alk up ! Would he please to enter paradise, did its gateB stand open for him ? To see her even in her grief was sweet as a foretaste of ; heaven. She received him this evening with a smile. ' God has heard my prayer,' she said ; ' my little darling is better. I really don't thinfc I need have troubled your kind friend to come down. I begin to feel more confidence in Mr. Vincent, now that my treasure is better.' ' I am rejoiced to hear it. But my friend will, be here to-night. He is one of the best of men. He saved my life once under circumstances of much hard ship and danger. We have faced death together. I should not be here to tell you this but for Lucius Davoren.'/ ' Lucius Davoren ! ' She repeated the name with a wondering look, horror-stricken, her hand clutching the back of the chair from, which she had risen. 'Is your friend's name Lucius Davoren i ' ' Yes. Can it be possible that you know him? That would be veiy strange.' ' No,' she said, slowly ; 'I do not know this friend of yours. But his name is associated with a somewhat painful memory.' ' Very painful, I fear, or you would hardly have grown so pale at the mention of his name,' said Geof frey, with a jealous horror of anything like a secret ? in his divinity's past life. - ' ' * ' I was foolish to be agitated by such a trifle. After all it's only a coincidence. I daresay there are a good many Davorens in the world,' she answered, carelessly. ' I doubt it. Davoren is not a common name.' ' Has your friend, this Mr. Lucius Davoren, been successful in life ?' '? I can hardly say that. As I told you when I first spoke of him, he is by no means distin guished. He is indeed almost at the beginning of his professional career. Yet were I racked with the most obscure of diseases, I should laugh all your specialists to scorn, and cry, 'Send for Lucius Davoren.' ' ' He is poor, I suppose ? '-she asked curiously. ' Very likely ; in the sense of having no money for luxury, splendour, or pleasure — things which he holds in sovereign contempt. He can afford to give the best n years of his youth to patient labour among the poor. That iB the education he has chosen for himself, rather than a West-end practice and a single brougham ; and I believe he will find it the shortest road to ever lasting fame.' 'lam glad you believe in him,' she said warmly, ' since he is such a great man.' ' But you have not yet recovered from the shock . his name caused you juBt now.' 'Not quite. My darling's illness has made me nervous. If you think your friend will not be I offended, I would rather avoid seeing him,' she i added, in a pleading tone. ' I really don't feel well enough to see a stranger. I have passed through such alternations of nope and fear during the last few days. - Will your friend forgive me if I leave Mrs. Grabbit to receive his instructions ? She iB a gcod soul, and will forget nothing he teUa her.' | ' Do just as you like,' replied Geoffrey, mystified* | and Bomewhat disturbed in mind by this proposition ; [ ' of course you needn't see him unless you please. I But he's a very good fellow, and my truest .friend. I should like you to have made his acquaintance. You'll think me a selfish beg — fellow for saying so ; but I really believe yOu'd have a better opinion of me if you knew Lucius Davoren. His friendship is a kind of certificate. But, of course, if you'd, rather not see him, there's an end of it. I'll tell him that you have unpleasant associations with his name, and that the very mention of it agitated jou.' ' No ! ' Bhe cried, with a vehemence that startled him. ' For God's sake say nothing, tell him & nothing, except that I am too ill to see any one. 1 detest anything like fuss. And why make a moun | tain out of the veriest mole-hill ? His name reminded me of past sorrow, that is all.' ' Capricious,' thought Geoffrey ; ' with a temper by no means as regular as the classic beauty of her face, I daresay. But were she as violent as Shake speare's Bhrew before Petruchio tamed her, I should not the less adore her. Past sorrow ! Some doctor called Davoren may have attended her husband on his death-bed. She is just the kind of woman to lock her heart up in a tomb, and then go about the world luring mankind to their destruction by her calm passionless beauty, and answering all with the same dismal sentence, - My heart is with the dead.' ' He submitted to Mrs. Bertram's decision. He pro mised to meet his friend at the station, bring him straight to the sick-room, and with hiB own hand carry Mr. Davoren's prescription to the chief chemist of Stillmington. And thus he left her; perplexed, but not all unhappy. Blessings on that sweet child for her timeous indisposition 1 It had opened the way to his acquaintance with the mother ; an acquaintance which, beginning^ with service and sympathy, pro mised to ripen quickly into friendship. The last train brought Lucius. The friends met with a strong: hand-grasp, a few hearty words of greeting, and then walked swiftly from the station, which, after the manner of provincial stations, had been placed a good half mile from the town, for the advantage of the local fly-drivers, no doubt, and the livery-stable interest. ' And pray who is this small patient in whose wel fare you are so concerned, Geoff?' asked Lucius. ' Has some piteous case of local distress awakened your, dormant philanthropy ? I know you're a good fellow, but I didn't know you went in for district visiting.' ' There's no philanthropy in the question, Lucius. Only selfish, pig-headed love. I Bay pig-headed, because the lady doesn't value my affection; scorns it, in fact. But I hold on with a bulldog pertinacity. After til, you see, an Englishman's highest quality is his bulldoggedness.' ' But what has your bulldog affection to do with a sick child ? ' ' Heaven bless the little innocent ! One would suppose she had fallen ill on purpose to bring about my acquaintance with her most unapproachable | mother. Don't you remember my telling you that Mrs. Bertram has a little girl — a red-legged angel, after Millais ? ' ' O, yes, by the way, there was a child,' said Lucius, indifferently. Then warming as he contem plated the case in its professional aspect, ' She is not very ill, I hope'? ' ' Scarlatina,' replied Geoflrey. ' But she seems to be mending to-night.' ' Scarlatina ! ' exclaimed Lucius ; ' and you brought me down to . Stillmington to see a case of scarlatina, which any. local apothecary would under stand just as well aB I ! ' ' You dear old fellow ! don't be angry. It wasn't so much the scarlatina. I wanted you to see Mrs. Bertram. I wanted you to see with your own eyes that the weman I love is worthy of any man's affection.' „ ' And you think I shall be in a position to'decide that question after half-an-hour's acquaintance ? A question which has taken some men a lifetime tojr solve, and which some have left unanswered at thei^f death. No, Geoff, 1 don't pretend to be wiser than ether men where a woman's character is in question. And if my instinct warned me against your enchan tress, and if I should advise you speedily to forget her, how much do you jhinlr my counsel would influ ence you ? ' ' Not much, I'm afraid, Lucius. It wouldn't be very: easy for me to cast off her thrall. I am her * willing bondslave. Nothing less than the knowledge — that she is unworthy of my love — that her past life holds some dishonourable secret would change my ^ purpose. She has left my letters-unanswered, she has rejected my offered devotion, and with something like scorn ; yet there has beena look in her face, nyjre transient than an April sunbeam, that has given'me hope. I mean to hold on— -I mean to win her love— . ' in epite of herself, if need be.' He gave a brief sketch of that little scene jn tiie garden, his audacity, her almost contemptuoji* indifference ; and then explained how fortune, Or, as he put in, the scarlatina, had smiled upon him.' ' And you think, notwithstanding her affected til difference, that she loves you ? ' * ' J . ' Loves is too strong a word. What, htm Iflope to deserve her love, except folbv her aiom(^« lotts a flock ef sheep? What is thefce jn tae to deserve or attract her love? I am beautiful. I do not sing with a heatt-pfeoetrtftmg Voice. It is only natural I- Should worship her. £ ® story of tbfe moon and the water J ^ about a look which gave you ' A look ; 3 es, Davoren. Such a look — sorrow and . tenderness, regret, despair,1 all blended ia one swift ( glarice from those- divine eves— a look that might ? ''h Such a look as Paris may have seen ; iejes before he planned the treason that} . ended in flacaing Troy. But after all it may have i -^»^ant n-} things it may have existed onlyia my wild j '.imagining. When a man is as deep in love as I am. ' hfeaveai Duly knows to 'what hallucinations he may be 'Wftjjefct.' - -' ' ' .???' . ? ? ' Well,' said Lucius cheerily, with that practical ..spirit which men bring to bear upon other men's , ( passions, ' I Bhall see the lady, and be able at least 0' to form some opinion as to whether she loves you or * not. Whether she be worthy of your love is a ques- ; . tion I would not attempt to solve, but the other is easier. 1 think I shall discover if she loves you. j 'What a pleasant smell of the country — newly- turned . earth aud budding hedgerows— there is about ; here ! It refreshes my tenses after the odours of . 'the Shadfack Road, where we have a wonderful .combination of bone-burning, tan-yard, and soap cauldron.' 'I am . glad you enjoy the country air,' said Geoffrey, in a somewhat sheepish tone, ' and I do hope you'll be able to spare to-morrow for a dog-cart ' exploration of the neighbourhood, as that may atone , for my luving brought you here somewhat on a fool's ' errand. The fact is Mrs. Bertram would rather' not I ? see you.' , ' Rather not see the doctor who has come from .London to attend her sick child! An odd kind of mother.' . t ' You're wrong, Lucius ; she's a most devoted mother. I never saw any one bo broken down as she was this morning, before the little thing took a turn for the better. Don't run away vyith any false notion . of that kind ; she idolises that child. Only she has . knocked herself up with nursing ; and she has been alarmed and agitated, and, in short- isn't in a fit state .. to see any one.' ' .Except you,' said Lucius. . . ..' My dear.fellow, in her distress about the child j she has thought no more of me than if I were — a — a j gingham umbrella,' said Geoflrey, after casting about wildly for a comparison. ' She thinks of nothing . but that red- legged angel. And you can imagine that « at. such a moment she would shrink from seeing a ' stranger.' , ; ' Even the doctor who comes to see her child. /?She is the first mother I ever knew to act in such ? a manner. Don't be angry with me, Geoff, if I ? say that this looks, to .me very much, as if your: divinity feared to trust herself to eyes less blind than ?yours— «8 if she knew there is that in herself,1 or -ini her life, which would- not impress a dis passionate observer favourably. Your blind worship has made her a goddess. She doesn't want to come! . down from her pedestal in the shadowy temple . of your imagination into the broad glare of every-day! .life.'.' ? * ^ ? Of course Geoffrey was angry. Was he a fool, or. a schoolboy, to be caught , by meretricious charms— to, tafce tinsel for gold ? . ? ' I' have teen women enough in my time to -know a good one when, I mpet one ; and that this ?woman is good and: true I yiU stake my life, my hope. of winning her even, which is dearer to me than life.' ' And if you found her lessthan you believe her, you would, no- what you Baid three months ago — , pluck her out of your heart? ' ' Yes, though her jesses were my heartstrings.' ' Good ; that's aU I want; to know. I tell you' frankly, Geoff, I don't like this wandering appren ,liceship to your new divinity. ' I don't like* the idea of a passion picked -up by the roadside— of all your j hop es of future happiness, being grounded upon a ' woman of whom you know absolutely nothing.' ' Only that she is the noblest woman I ever met,' said Geoffrey doggedly. ??'Which means that she has a handsome fice,' said . the other. ? 