LomsmpoiEOK :(From our London Letter.) • _ Of the death of Napoleon III, you will long sinoe have been informed by the swift-footed telegraph. Such fragmentary information as the cable has supplied relative to the decease of the potentate who, as it has been said, was a great figure rather than a great man, will rather have whetted than satiated the mental appetite of your readers. The indications i of the Emperor's seriouB illness began to be manifest .last October, bnt were for a while relieved, but about Christmas they grew in intensity, and soon after the turn .of the year Sir Henry Thompson, the eminent operator for the stone, Sir Wm. Gull, and Sir James Paget were called down to Chislehurst to hold a consultation, j The disease, or its symptoms, were to some ] extent of long standing; probably it was the main cause of that breakdown in his health which took place before the formation of the OlUvier Government. As the Lancet remarks, the'iSQormous labors, physical and mental, which His Majesty underwent from the time of the declaration of war—which might, perhaps, never have occurred had he continued in robust health—were intensified beyond belief by the presenoe of a vescioal calculus. It was even stated bv a French medical journal that this terrible disease became so manifest on the first of July, 1670, a fortnight before the declaration of war, that his medical advisers—Ur. Nelston and others—recommended an immediate operation. But political considerations were allowed to prevail, the Empress was not informed of her ' husband's serious condition, and the -disease was allowed to gather force. This story may be apocryphal; but it is certain that, on the ter rible day cf the Sedan surrender (September 2), Napoleon III. endured excruciating agony, as well as mental anguish, as in the midst of his beaten army he rode on horseback around that ill fated fortress. The repose of Wilhelmshoe, and sub sequently of Chislehurst, when his family were safely gathered around him, gave hitn some res pita till the autumn of last year. It was'on the 2nd of January that the complete examination of the English physicians revealed the extent of the perU, and the necessity of the operation of lithrotrity. The Imperial patient was put under chloroform, and Sir Henry Thompson, in presence of all the medical advisers—French and English—partially crushed the ; stone. Great pain and irritation followed. An . Other, operation vas necessary, and took place on January 6, with tolerably satisfactory resu'ts. It was essential to complete the work, a d 10 o'clock on the following Thursday was fixed for the third operation. He passed a good night, slept soundly, and the pulse was at 80, Suddenly, however, the pulse declined, and the patient began to sink. The fatal issue was no tified by his physicians in the following bulle tin "January 9,1873.—The Emperor was visited by his medical attendants at 11 o'clock last night; again at 2a.m. by Dr. Conueau; at 4 &.m. by Dr. le Baron Corvisart; and at 6 a.m. by Sir fcf, Thompson, each of whom found him sleeping soundly and naturally, better than on the preceding night. At 9.45 this morning H is Majesty was seen by the above-named, and also by Mr. Clover, and an operation at noon was deoided on. The pulse waB between 80 and 84, strong and regular, and the local symptoms improved. At 10.25 signs of sinking appeared, the heart's action suddenly failed, and he died at 10.45. 'c Henry Tho V PSON. " Db. Conneau. " Db. le Baron Cobvxsabt. " J. T. Clover." The Standard describes the Emperor's last | moments as trom a French contributor. When, at 10 o'clock in the morning, Sir Henry Thomp Hon entered the bedroom of the patient, he was I astonished to find that the pulse, which up to that' time had continued to beat with great regularity—75 to 80—suddenly became weak:— "The learned doctor saw immediately that | Napoleon III. had only a few minutes to live. He apprised his colleagues, who partook of his opinion, aud the Empress was immediately, in formed of the change that had taken place for the worse. Her Majesty at once repaired to the hediide of her husband ; but he did not appear to recognise her. He was sinking rapidly, not withstanding the small doses of brandy which were ordered to be given him, and which had produced a momentary reaction. The Empress at once ordered a telegraphic despatch to be sent to M. Fallon, at Woolwich, begging him to bring tbe young Prince Imperial to Chislehurst at once; and then sent for the Abbe Goddard, the parish priest of Chislehurst. The priest arrived a few moments afterwards and adminis tered the last sacrament to His Majesty. The Empress, the Duke de Bassano, Yiscount Clary, Oouut Davillier, M. Pietri, and Madame Lebreton were kneeling by the bedside, and nothing could be heard in the room but the prayers of the priest, and the sobbing of those Sresent. The religious ceremony terminated— uring which the Emperor appeared to give some signs of consciousness—the Empress ap proached the bedside and embraced the Emperor. Tbe patient then made signs that be wished to I give his last kiss to his devoted wife, after which he made a slight movement, heaved two sighs, and expired. The Empress, hitherto perfectly calm, could no longer restrain her feelings; she uttered.a cry of anguish and despair, and fell, fainting, on a chair. Her Majesty was obliged, shortly afterwards, to be removed to her own apartment. The Prince Imperial only arrived at Chislehurst at half past 11 o'clock, together with M. Fallon, his tutor, and young Conmau. It is impossible to depict the despair of the Prince Imperial at not having seen his father before he expired. The Empress conducted him to the bedside of his dead father; he kissed him several times, and placed upon his breast (as the Abbe Goddard and the Empress had done previously) a small spray of box. The Prince was greatly affeoted. When at leBgth he was induced to leave the room, he enquired of M. Davillier the circumstances connected with his father's death. His Majesty's prinoipal Fquerry explained all to the young Prince, who continued throughout to weep most bitterly* According to this account the Em peror died without suffering. Another account say that when, just before half- past ten, Sir Henry Thompson and Mr. Clover passed into the chamber to pay a visit to the Emperor, they found His Majesty nearly, unconscious, feeble, and wandering, and it became apparent that an alarming change had suddenly occurred :— " Baron Corvisart was in attendance imme diately, and the Empress was summoned, and was with her^ husband on the instant. As she 3tooped to kiss him a slight smile of affec tionate pleasure and recognition passed over his features, and he uttered a half inaudible greet in?. Then ensued 10 minutes of complete un consciousness, and death approaohed so rapidly and.painlessly that it was impossible for those Ii3£b concerned to realise tke suddenness of their awful bereavement." Two or three hours after the Emperor's death the body was laid out in state, and many of those who had followed the fortunes of Napoleon III. in England, but bad paid their last visit too late to find , him alive, were ad mitted to the house to look upon tbe remains. A reporter says:— "The bedroom which witnessed the closing soene of a great life is small and simply fur nished, and contained two beds—one originally belonging to tbe apartment; the other, a small iron bedstead, on which the Emperor lay, had been brought from another room, as more convenient for the purpose of the operations. This bed stood on the left hand, guarded by a screen; and the ohief ornament of the room was a golden cross, so placed that it conld be seen by the Emperor in his last'moments. At the request of the be reaved Imperial Family, Signor D. Brucoiani, of Russell-street, Covent Garden, was promptly summoned to take a cast of His Majesty's head; and this task, both as to the features and the form of the skull, was performed with perfect snocess. The countenance of the dead Emperor was remarkably calm, as if he had been merely asleep—as, indeed, he may be said to have been ~hen he passed away; and looking at the face alone, 7 it" was' hard to realise the stern fact of death. The eyes, -were softly and tranqnilly olosed, and ,tha_whole aspect might have seemed to show,-, not onlythat he died without pain, but' that ho such agony as he suffered during the past wefks and months had been endured. The lines of the countenance were not worn, and the familiar visage, with the moustache and im perial untouched, was perfectly unchanged. Physically speaking, the late Emperor's frame was robust, and the chest especially was full arid strong. The head was very large, and the forehead a particularly prominent feature." Though the Empress suffered aoutely during the night of the fatal Thursday, she was able on the following morning to receive M. Kouche, General Fleury, and others who had just arrived from Paris, and to be present while Messrs. Downey, of Newcastle—who had been specially summoned—took a last photograph of the deceased. Her Maj sty personally con ducted them to the chamber where the body , was laid out:— ' ' ." The Emperor lay in the bed in which he breathed his last, in a half- reclining position, the head being supported by a pillow. The Empress and Imperial Prince had placed a sprig of roses and a branch of box on his bosom, and in this po.sition theartists were enabled to take four very, good negatives. The Empress was accompanied by a faithful attendant, who had been in the service^of .the Emperor for many years, and who was commanded to attend during the process of photographing. It was observed by more than one person that there was a remarkable likene -s between the Emperor and the well-known pictures of the first .Napo leon on his deathbed." Sub-equ-ntly, on the same Friday, there was a post-mortem, examination, whrah was, con ducted by l)r. Burdon Sanderson, F.R.S., Pro fessor of Physiology ■ in University Gollege, London, and Professor-Superintendent of the Brown Institute, an eminent physician and ■ pathologist, whose/ attendance was specially requested for the purpose. There were pre- ] sens Sir Henry Thompson,: Dr.-Oonneau, Dr. le Baron Corvisart, Sir William Gull, Bart., Mr. John Foster, and Mr. Clover. A sum mary of the conclusions arrived-at is published, as follows:— "The-most important result of the exami nation was that the kidneys were found to be involved in the. inflammatory effects produced by the irritation of the vesical calculus (which must hav6 been in the bladder several years) to a degree which was not suspected; and, if it had bpen supposed, could not have been ascertained. The disease of the kidneys was of two' kinds; there was, on the one hand, dilatation of both ureters and of the pelves of the kidneys ; on the left the dilata tion was excessive, and had given rise to atrophy of the glandular substance of the organ. _< >n the other, there was sub-acute in flammation of the urinifercus tubes, which was of moreTeceut origin. The parts in the neigh borhood of the bladder were in a healthy state ; the mucous membrane of the bladder and pros-1 tatic urethra exhibited signs of sub-acute in flammation, but not the slightest indication of injury. In the interior of the bladder was found a part of a calculus, the form of which indicated that half had been removed. Besides this, there were two or three extremely small fragments, none of them larger than a hemp seed. This half calculus weighed about three quarters of an ounce, and measured 1.} by-1 5-16th of an inch. There was no disease of the heart nor of any other organ, excepting of the kidneys. The brain. and its membranes were in a perfectly natural state. The blood was generally liquid, and contained only a very few small clots. No trace ■ of obstruction by coagula could be found either in the venous system, in the heart, or in the pulmonary artery. Death took place by failure of the cir culation, and' was attributed to the general con stitutional state of the patient. The disease of the kidneys—-of which this state was the expres sion—was of such a nature, and so advanced, that it would in any case have shortly deter mined a fatal result. " Signed by all present. "J. Burdon Sanderson, M.D. "Dr. Conneau. "Dr. Le Baron Corvisart. " Henry Thompson. "J. T. Clover. "John Foster. " Oamaen-place, OhWeburst, "Jan. 10,1873, 6.30 p.m." Sir "William Gull left before the terms of | this document—in French and English—could be exaotly agreed upon. He reoords a separate •jpinion in one point—the origin of the calculus. He believes— "That the phosphate of lime calculus which formed the nucleus of the mass was the result of prior cystitis (catarrhus vesicas), and not the cause of it. ' This nuoleus was of uncertain duration, and may even have been more recent than supposed in the appended reports.'" This report is a remarkable proof of the im perfect knowledge which medical science is, under certain circumstances, able to supply. The operation of lithotrity could not have been | undertaken with any chance of a favorable issue, if the disease of the kidneys had been known. That disease must have proved fatal at ho very distant day, and in the meanwhile the Emperor would have suffered excruciating ago nies from the presence of calculus in the bladder. We know, therefore, that whatever might have been done or left undone, the life of His Majesty was doomed. The body of the deceased Emperor was em balmed, and was dressed in the uniform of a field-marshal of France, the same which he wore at Sedan. Count Clary, M. Kouher, and the Marquis de la Grange helped to dress the body, which wub placed in a coffin of lead, with an outer one.of mahogany, surmounted bv the Imperial crown and a large cross of silver. Thus laid out, the chamber of death was visited by Princes Lucien, Jerome, Joachim, Charles, and Achille, by the Prince Imperial, and by the Empress (alone), and subsequently the Prince of Wales and Prince Christian, who had come down by the 1 o'clock train to make their con dolences to the Empress. How the dead Em peror looked is strikingly shown in the re markable engraving given by the Graphic. He | seems to be younger than he had appeared for 10 years past, and to wear a placid expression.. On the following Tuesday, January 14, the body of Napoleon III. lay in state in the largest | room of Camden House, which was appro priately furnished and fitted up as a chapelle ardenti. It is said that 17,000 persons were admitted iuto the chamber, and tha crowd was I so great that the gates of, the park wore kept open three hours later than had been intended. Next day the funeral took place. There were no' carriages, but a long procession of about 1,000 Frenchmen on foot, which was witnessed by many thousands of people. The order of the procession was as follows:— First came a party of French workmen, a de putation from Paris, carrying the French colors flying from a. bent branch. These were followed by ecclesiastics reading now and then from the | Office for the Dead. Then came the hearse, with-its.eight black horses, led by mutes carry ing riHgs of yellow immortelles on their arms. From the sides of the hearse swept the velvet I pall emblazoned with the Imperial arras, and | the roof of the hearse was covered with beau-, tiful wreaths, chiefly of violets. Behind the hearse, and close to it, walked the Prince Im perial, wearing a black coat. His young face, was pale, -but his carriage was unfaltering and dignified, and throughout the whole ceremonial he maintained a quiet self-possession. He was followed by the Bonaparte and Murat Princes, and behind them walked Lord Sydney, in his riband and star, represent ing the Queen, and Lord Suffield, representing the Prince of Wales. Next came the officers of the household of Napoleon III., among whom walked Sir^ Henry Thompson and Sir William Gull. Ministers of the Empire, most of them in grand cordons, were followed by the blue and silver and green and gold uniforms of the Italian officers sent with just and fine feeling by the King of Italy. These uniforms made the only color save the flag borne by the workmen, the vestments of the clergy, and the ribands of the orders of knighthood in the whole of that long procession. The Italian officers were followed by a long line of eminent Bonapartists, the pro cession containing 20 Oona-illers d'Etat, 31 Deputies, 40 Prefets, and many sous-Prefets who had held office under the Empire. The Bishop of Southwark was the chief ecclesiastic, and among the Englishmen who joined the pro cession were Lord Cowley and Lord Buokhurst. It wound its way slowly aoross the heath and through the village, arriving at the church porch at half-past 11, just half an hour after passing the lodge-gates of Camden- place. As the hearse passed every hat was taken off, and one heard everywhere expressions of grief and sympathy. The coffin, preceded by the Bishop of South Wark, Monseigneur Bauer, and other ecclesias tics, was borne into the chapel and placed on the pedestals. The purple pall was divided by a broad_ gold cioas, and worked with the crown and initial of the Napoleonic Empire. It was strewed with gold bees. The Prince Tmperial, Prince Napoleon, Prince l.ucien Bonaparte, Prince Charles Bonaparte, and the Princes Murat, Lord Sydney, Lord Cowley, and the Lord Mayor and his Sheriffs had places near the coffin, and all the well-known adherents of the late Emperor—General Floury, the Princes de la Meskowa and Poniatowski, the Dues de Cambaceres, de Bassano, and de Trante, the Comtes Davillier and Clary, Generals Castelnau, Frosaard, and Le Brun, Vicomte Aguado, and M, Pietri, Marshal Canrobert, Marshal Lebeeuf. M. Rouher, Count Palikao, the Due de Gra mont, Count Benedetti, Baron Haussmann, pBaron Jerome, David and Baron. Schneider, Admirals Kigault de Genouilly and de la Gra viere, M. de Forcade la Roquette, Due de Mont morency, Due de Feltre, Colonel Stuffal, M. Maurice Richard, Marquis de Chasseloup-Lau bat, Marquis de Lavalttte, M. Rrgnier—those and other famous men are of the 200 who fill the'little chapel. Th» _ service was then performed after the Catholic rite—the holy wafer was consecrated, the Host was elevated, the absolution pro nounced, and the pall restored. Slowly the music plays while they carry the ooffin through an archway in the chapel wall,' and place it on a low pedestal in a temporary structure built over the vault into which it will he. lowererl. The beautiful flowers are again heaped on the lid, andlthe grared gate is closed. ■ .... The .Prince Imperial and the other Princes kneel before it in succession for a moment, sprinkling the holy water and signing the cross. Then they leave the church in order—the Prince Imperial and Prince Napoleon returning in a carriage, the others on foot. The organ plays the De Profundis as the mourners leave the chapel, most of them first parsing, before the grating, taking the holy water-brush from the acolyte, and, as they made the pious gesture, looking into the gloomy recess in which the coffin of the Emperor, once so great and feared, so busy and unfathomable, is hidden by beau tiful fliwers. The service was over by a quarter to 1, having lasted an hour and a quarter. There was no return procession, but the way was kept clear till all who chose returned to Camden-place, where the Prince Imperial held a levee, as an acknowledgment to those who had come to honor his father's grave. It was held first in the large drawing-room of Camden-place, and the ground floor of the house was soon filled by Imperialists of rank. W hen these had paid their r'e-pects, the great mass of ..people who 8 till crowded the walks and grounds—perhaps 2,000 Frenchmen—were formed on the edge of the grass, and the Prince, now attended by his father's household, the Due de Cambaceres, showing the way as Grand Chamberlain, walked along the lice with.Prince Napoleon and the rfest. The Times report says :— Directly he had passed the hall-door every hat was taken off, and he bore his part with ease, dignity, and self-possession; Shaking hands with some, and bo wing, to others,-he passed along in silence, and all the way along the ranks of people there were white handker chiefs at weeping eyes. Close to the hall- door, at the end of this Imperial progress, was posted the deputation of 60 ouvriers, bearing their flag. The spokesman of these said a few words to_ the Prince; just above was hanging the tricolor, and, as the ouvrier, if we must take him for one, ended his speech with a "Vive Napoleon IV.!" the shout was caught up on all aides, the crowd rushed towards the group of Princes, and Napoleon IV. would have been literally carried off his legs by the loyalty of his new subjects, if a way to the hall-door had not been immediately cleared by the desperate efforts of his suite. At the first shout the Prince put up his hand, but it was of no use, and for five minutes after he had entered the house there were enthusiastic crio3 of " Vive Napoleon IV.!" " Vive l'Empereur!" "Viva 1'Imperatrice !" ending with a hearty " Vive 1'Angleterre!" Next day, Thursday, there was a reception at Camden House, attended by some 800 persons. It was unique of_ its kind. The Empress and her son, both in■ • deep mourning, made the circuit of their assembly of sorrowing friends,.amid stifled sobs and murmurs of bene diction. There were many who knelt down and respectfully kissed the hands of the Empress and her son. The Prince was deeply moved, and was scarcely able to press the many hands that were held out to him. Scarcely a word was spoken during the return of the Empress and her son along the passage, until they re tired by the staircase to the privacy of their own apartments. On this occasion were assembled all those who held high political trusts under the late Emperor, as well as the majority of his oldest and moat stanch friends, military and civil. • There were a great many visitors to Chisle hurst on Friday, who were allowed freely to take, from the heap of violets and other flawers at the porch. Inside the chapel, the grating of the arch, piece of Gothic scroll and bar work in ban mered ii on, was adorned with four large wreath two of camelias, one of violets, and one of lili of the yalley, alternating with a' delicate kit of moss, pale green hue. This last had tied 1 it by a ribbon of black silk a little card on whi< was written in a clear fine hand—" De la pa de la Princesse Beatrice." ' Each one of the tokens had its personal history, its tale private sympathy and sorrow. The Queen h; sent a white amaranthine wreath on the previoi afternoon. Next it lay one that bore the naa of Prince Leopold. In an indistinguishab heap were wreaths from all the members of tl English Royal Family, and they reposed on su< a bed of flowers as a hundred different hands ; least mast have helped to spread. The death of Napoleon III, excited gener regret and sympathy throughout Englani Some Town Councils voted addresses of cond lence to the bereaved Empress, and everywhe: there were tokens that the country had lost firm friend. As the Daily News says:—"Apa altogether from his political position and h relation to French politics, the late Ernper was of late years exceedingly popular in En land. He knew thiB country better perhapB, thi auy Sovereign who every held sway in Franc His years of earlier exile were passed amoi us. His firBt attempts to recover what 1 believed to be his Imperial Heritage-were pr pared in this country. On his escape from tl fortress of Ham he came hither as a refuge and remained here till the Revolution of 18 opened his way back to France. The romau of his life exhibits him on the celebrated ten of April in that year joining the rest of tl middle and upper classes of London in para ing the streets armed with-the constable's sta in defence of the cause of order. The Frem Treaty was itself an evidence of his desire draw closer the bonds of commercial intercour between nations whom his uncle regarded natural enemies, and he spoke of as necessa friends. In this later residence here he h necessarily occupied a different position fro that in which he was placed when he was l garded as only the gloomy plotter for a thror The dreamer of 1846 was the great Imperi exile of 1871. In this greater exile he co duoted himself with the dignity which becar the former occupant of an Imperial throne." The press showed every_ anxiety to bring in prominence the good qualities of Napoleon II The olergy preached laudatorjr funeral sermoi and not a few persons,- besides the Queei Court, have gone into mourning, in token their sorrow. The late Emperor never swerv in his regard for England. At the time of t Orsini conspiracy, when the famous demonsti tion of the French colonels!.took place, £ Morton Peto had frequent interviews wi Napoleon III. in reference to public works. < one occasion he found the Emperor great ruffled. He had been reading the bitter re marks of our London press on this incident, and expressed his astonishment at Buoh violent diatribes, pointing out that he had; made it the study of his life to efface iHe memories of the past, to bring about a cordial- feeling between the two countries, though conscious that he was V wuuovivua XIO was the only real friend of England throughout trance. In France itself,:the decease of Napoleon III. excited little sensation. Frenchmen live in the present.^ They have great and almost over whelming difficulties to contend with, and may be excused from giving no signs of emotion when the author of their misfortunes had passed away. Speaking on this subject, the Paris cor respondent of the Times remark:— On "Wednesday, January 15, not a single shop in all Paris was closed oh account of the funeral of Napoleon III., not a theatre suspended its performances. Having made a remark upon this subject to a lady attached to the Bonapartist party, she lifted up the veil which covered her breast, and, showing me a bunch of violets, the emblem of the party, she told me that if I wished to know how many persons that day were mourning for. the Sovereign' whose funeral was being solemnised at Chislehurst, I had only to observe how many, like herself, wore bunches, of violets. "I am sure," she said, "that you could not walk many paces up the Boulevards with out meeting many." I at once, as a man seriously desirous of ascertaining a fact, started for a walk_ np the Boulevards. The weather was splendid, and the orowd was so great that it was difficult to make one's way through it. But I sought in vain to find a single bunch of violets among the promenadtrs. At last, after two hours' st-arob, and when I was about to abandon the attempt, I preceived a tall young man with a bunch of violets at his buttonhole. I could not resist my curiosity, and, advancing towards him, I said, "Pardon me, sir, is that a token of mourning that you wear ?" "No " replied he, with au air of surprise, and with an American accent, "I wear them because they smell.sweet," . This anecdote undoubtedly does not prove that Napoleon III. did not leave behind him in Franca numerous and sincerely attached friends; but it does prove that in France and everywhere else it is a very rare thing to find men who have the courage of their opinions. Since the return of the late Emperor's adherents to Pans there have been funeral services or requiems in some ten of the churches which have beeu well attended, but on the whole the French people have been apathetic. It was otherwise in Italy. In that country the remembrance of what the country owed to Napoleon III. outweighed all his faults and shortcomings. The King, always attached to the Emperor, sent hearty messages of condo lence, and all the cities of Italy had crowded funeral services, That in Kome was quite a demonstration, though the priests were gene rally forbidden to attend it, Cardinal Bonaparte and other relatives excepted. The Parliament passed resolutions of sympathy and eulogy, and everywhere the population mourned the loss of a benefactor, to whose memory it is proposed to \- raise by subscription a national statue. These proofs of national gratitude have created much annoyance at the Vatican, where Napoleon III was alike feared and distrusted, but never loved. Is the Napoleon legend buried in the grave of the deceased potentate? Who can say? It was a faith only possible in this age among a mercurial people who are " everything by turns and nothing long," and who, among many good qualities, are not above childish tastes, and whose idols are but the reflection of their in grained egotism and restlessness. We are told that there is one faction the less in France, and that wuh Louis Napoleon dies the last hope of an Imperialist restoration. Perhaps it is so Napoleonism rested on a personal basis, both ^ 1? A anc^ Second Empire, That it should survive as a faith to glorify a mere child, who has no special personal claims, and afcer the terrible disasters it has brought upon France, would be marvellous indeed. Napoleon iy. is as much an . anachronism as Henry Y, The wheel of time may, however, bring round a new development of Napoleonism, for nothing seems to be impossible in France. More pro bably^ the Generals and officials but yesterday at Chislehurst, and who had a real attachment to their deceased master, will not allow dynastic preferences to hinder their course. They may e.eot to serve the Republic while it lasts, or wait till a throne is once more erected around which they can rally. It is fair to Bay that they have resolved upon a wise policy—that of patient waiting. There is to be no active agitation in France, no attempt to excite the public, no playing at Imperialism. The Prince is not to be saluted as Napoleon IV",, but to be addressed as Prince Louis Napoleon, and England is not to be made a focus of intrigue. These are the only means that will pave the way for that Imperialist re storation which Napoleonic partisans seem con fidently to expect, and thereat of the world to •regard as a dream never to be realised. • m^rvelloua career of Napoleon the Third is familiar as a household word." Idaiesay all its memorable incidents have been long ere this depicted in your columns, and that your readers - would not thank me to reproduce them. How Louis Napoleon was born in 1808 within shadow of the Tuileries while his great uncle was in the zenith of his power—how he became the heir of the Bonapartist house—with what sublime faith he undertook to represent a principle, a cause, and a defeat," and did bo alike m the mad escapades at Boulogne and Strasburg, the fortress of Ham, and in his lodgings m London—how at length his fana ticism or destiny triumphed after the downfall of Louis Philippe and the failure of the Republic, by his election as Presi dent-how; the Presidential chair was but the stepping-stone to the Imperial Throne all this is too well-remembered to be repeated Even to give an outline of the great events of the 20 years of his reign—his -unique domestio policy founded on the notion that he was to be 'the Saviour of society," his wars in Italy, the Crimea and Mexico, his promise too late to crown the edifice." and that fearful crash of the empire, so laboriously built up, in the disastrous campaign of 1870—would occupy your space with a twice told tale. Bather let nzo refer to some features in th.6 character and. career of the potentate, whose life must ever fall a chapter m the history of the nineteenth century, which may be somewhat fresh to your readers. A sketch ef Napoleon III. in the Daily News, by one who knew him, supplies some interesting traits and reminiscences of a Sovereign who, according to the writer, had more private friends than any Prince mentioned in history:— " He never offended by arrogance or self assertion, and he possessed the rarest and most winning art of conversation—that of knowing how to listen. _He fascinated persons who were predisposed against him with a subtle oharm of which they could render no clear ncoount to their own minds, for few ever left his presence without feeling that they had communicated more than they had received. He did not talk people over, as the vulgar do who believe ia the diplomacies. He persuaded them to talk to him,_ by a manner very sympathetic and uncere monious. He would draw his chair quite close up to a visitor, and establish so powerful a magnetic influence between them that he com monly got out the kernel of an idea, while a less able man would have been busy with the shall. He never argued in conversation. Of his own ideas and opinions he said absolutely nothing. He appeared to give willing attention to the subject submitted for his consideration, as though it were something new and interesting upon which he was glad of information; and then always answered agreeably, and if possible did something kind. He never forgot a service, and he was ready to accept services froma class of energetic adventurers who are seldom well re ceived by Courts or Cabinets. It would be using strong language, but it would be in a certain sense strictly true, to say that all the blackguards in Europe acknowledged him as their leader and their chief. They had a lively hope in him, and he looked on them with the friendly eye which a patron of the turf not un trequently cast3 upon feather weights who have an indifferent reputation. Not that the Emperor was by any means one of them. Suoh a description could not by any stretch of invective appiy to him. Though often accused of ihsineerlty-in politics, he had a most loyal respect for his word in all. the transactions of private life. _He never forfeited an engage ment, or left a claim upon him unsatisfied. He was a fond husband, an. affectionate father, liberal to his kinsmen, generous to his depen dents, an indulgent master, and a steadfast friend.^ He was even pious and honorable, according to French ideas of piety and honor. He had a cordial esteem for the clergy, and his courage was beyond dispute." _ The prevailing impression on the minds of his acquaintances was that he was rather stupid. His downcast looks, and shy, silent ways, his recklessness of conduct when a young man, all favored such a supposition. M. Jules Favre, M. Louis Blanc, and M. Lam at tine were all under the delusion that his abilities were almost beneath contempt:— "It was a mistaken but not an unnatural belief: and to the last it remained doubtful whether he had any active share in his own fortunes. His reputed brother, the Due de Morny, guided him in his upward path, and he never trod it firmly after the Duke's death. When he was thought to be nursing schemes of conquest and deception, there are good grounds for supposing that he was merely un decided, and did not really know what to do next. If his designs were impenetrable it was because he seldom had any designs. During the commencement of his reign he was entirely under the influence of the Due de Morny, whom he desired to acknowledge publicly as one of the Imperial family, and to declare heir to the throne, should he die childless. Latterly he was equal's under the influence of the Em press." His home life, this writer says, was simple, and he passed much of his time with his wife and son. He was temperate in his habits, eating and drinkiug sparingly; but he had not always been so ; and his health was impaired to such a degree that for several years he conld not sit on horseback without acute suffering:— " He was liable also to fits of deep dejection, and his impassive demeanor was, at least in | part, due to defective vitality. He had none of the rough, almost brutal impatience of the Bonapartes in his character, but rather the slow and torpid nature of a Dutchman, His figure and personal appearance were anything rather than French or Italian. His legs were short, his body was long and -awkward. He walked ■badly, and_ looked "to the best advantage when seated. His features were large and stolid, except the eyes, which he had a habit of half closing in a sinister manner when displeased. The perceptive organs ef his head were well de veloped, but it was flat at the top ; and if there be a general truth in the principles of phreno logy, his imagination was small. His upper lip was long and slightly projected over a mouth which was not well shaped, and his chin was peculiarly weak in ib3 outline. Yet the expres sion of his face was noon the whole pleasant, and his voice and smile remarkably sweet." It was remarked by those nearest to him (con tinues the writer of the sketch) that in 186S 9 his face had begun to wear a settled pallor, and was almost livid. He was kept in a constant state of apprehension, and never knew when he lay down at night whether he would not be in the hands of an infuriated mob before morn ing :— " The nature of his malady also, which he knew to be incurable, had an effect upon his spirits j and when the tide of fortune turned against him, he hardly made an attempt to resist it. _ At Metz his physical debility and mental anxiety were so terrible that he sank into a lethargy from which he could not be roused, and during the re3t of the campaign, which finished at .Sedan, he acted like a man in a dream. It was only after the struggle was decided, and he was a prisoner at Wilhelmshohe, that ho recovered the use of his thoughts. He was, however, accustomed to confinement, and bore it very well. He amused himself with books and writings, and took daily exercise. One who attended him in his captivity observed that he spoke more often and with less restraint than usual, and that he evidently felt a sense of security, which had been strange to him for many years. In England, also, he was any thing but unhappy. To any one who was un acquainted with him he appeared like a retired colonel of dragoons, who had seen-more than he cared to talk about, and who was good- tem pered and contented, though things had n quite gone as he expected. He seemed disposi to get fat, and end as what the French call bmhomme, fond of the seciety of ladie3 ar children—a harmless, inoffensive personage." The ex-Emperor, says this notice, was cor fortably provided for; and the property of tl ex-Empress alone has been estimated at £2,01 a year,:.for she was not, as ill-informed peop have reported, a penniless young lady at tl time of her marriage. Many true and eloquent thoughts have bei uttered from the pulpit, or expressed in lette press, relative to this once mighty Princ whose remains now repose in the little Cathol Church at Chislehurst like any obscure perso None, perhaps, have been more true and eloque: than those contained in a sermon preached < Sunday week by the Kev. J. Baldwin Browm, ■ Brixton. From that masterly discourse I wil by way of concluding this fertile theme, give characteristic extract:— "It was m a sense natural that, France havii been the dictator of Europe, Frenchmen shou dream of the restoration of her suprem icy nnd happier auspices and to more benignant ends. Tl experiment, in the then state of public feelin was sure to try itself. If it could mainta: itself with fair success, well; if it should cc lapse through its own we-kness and vanit; why then the dream would be dreamed ou and the ghost of the Empire would be laid f ever. " That experiment,'Destiny and the Frent nation chose Louis Napoleon to conduct. I accepted the mission, which he had alraac from of old in his heart assumed, and forwhi< lie had been sedulously preparing himself; ar he has humbled French ambition and the N lxdeonic idea of Empire in the very dus Sedan was a second and completer "Waterloi from_ that shattering shock the 'idea' of tl Empire can-rise no more for ever. " I believe tbat, in every sense, the late En peror was rather a product than a creator; master so long as things were with him, andl had simply to maintain his poise and gui: himself wisely in the course which the currei of the times marked out for him, hi utterly helpless and useless for all • the high: purposes of government, utterly incapab of a true conception of his people's goo France was eager for another deep draught fro the cup of glory. His one aim through tl earlier years of his reign was to lift her fro the depressed condition to which the latt years of the Monarchy and the lievolutic had reduced her, and to make her the arbit of Europe' once more. He showed great ta and judgment in his methods, though ho hf aide aud clear-sighted advisers whose influen< was strong. But the times were with hir The spectre of the Red Revolution made tl way of a ' Saviour of Society' in France i easy one; and the condition of Europe at th: moment—full of disaord, of perplexed ar paralysing national rivalries—made a way fi France to something like the supreme influen in European affairs. The appearance of succe in restoring the old prestige of the Empire mat his task the easier. The army pampered ar proud of victory,_ the people flattered by seeii their old place iu Europe apparently with: their reach, Louis Napoleon, when he entert Milan, after the battle of Magenta, was on t-1 pinnacle of his fortune, and France touched tl fulfilment of her aspirations and hopes. It w; but for a moment; from that hour the Empir and with it the supremacy of France in Europ began to fall. Tho late Emperor had faculti which, had he succeeded to a legitimate thron and been free to turn his mind to the arts i peace, might have made him a successful rule He was an admirable man of business when 1 brought his mind to bear uponit. He understoc the railway system of France better than his M nisters, and the true remedy for the fearful flooi which devastate the valleys better than his eng users. His commercial ideas were up to the lev of the most liberal of his countrymen; and 1 had a kindly, clement nature, which, had been free to move on that plane, might ha' | scattered much material happiness around. Ni that, under any conditions, he oould have bee: what Ma flatterers called him, 'the Napoleon of peace'—that is as grand a maater ef the arts of peace as his nnole was of the art of war. He was too much of a Napoleon for that—too vain, too selfish, too fond of the mere pomp of power, too eager to make a figure both forMmself and for France. His really fine business capaoity, and all that he meant and hoped when he said I?Empire tied lapaix,' were marred utterly by the idea which possessed him, and which proved itself as fair and false a dream as any by which the devil has ever lured a nation to ruin, or a soul to death. "The thing from the first—mark this, young men—had no firm, goriest basis to rest upon. It lived purely for itself, to fulfil its own ima- j gination of its mission, not God's. It was the I creature of mere human sentiment and passion seeking to realise its selfish, vainglorious dreams, and its disastrous _fall from the first was doomed. The essence of the enterprise, re member, was not to make France wise, rich, and strong, that her industry and genius might minister to the nations, that she might be a larger fountain of blessing by her service and ministry to mankind. It was distinctly that she might be mistress of the nations, able to make them move when she nodded, and tremble when she frowned. The Empire is the last of our great Babels—attempts to rule and save society in defiance of God, and in contempt of that which He has made the salvation of mankind. Society is saved by patience, by in dustry, by cheerful toil, by brotherly love, by charity. All that promises salvation or even help, in contempt of these, is Babel j "God writes on it 'confusion,'and lives to confound it and lay it in the dust." It will be strange indeed if the Prince Im perial develops into a master mind or a capable leader. The following sketch of the young Prince by one who was present on the day of the funeral in St. Mary's Chapel, CMslehurst, and was almost close beside young "LouiB Napoleon," will be read with interest, and suggests its own conclusion:—As a lad in his seventeenth year, taking him independently of any special circumstances cf position, he is a fine,_ promising youth. He has a certain oarriage and dignity beyond his years. He has a fine temperament, and there is a certain tone of mental refinement in all his air and manner. But, setting aside controversial questions of Imperialism and. Bepublicanism, he does not seem to me likely to be the man fitted by nature for the place occupied for 20 years by his_ father. To say that he is not, by any trait, by any sign, by any definite or indefi nite hint of character a Bonaparte, is to say something to the point ; for there is cer tainly the blood of a luling family strong in the Bonapartes. That Italian- Corsican line are in many respects, as a Royal stock, superior to any other reigning family on the Continent. Else they could not have so set their mark on the greatest three-quarters of a century of modern history. I do not think that thi3 grandson of the King of Holland would carry with him to the throne Imperial, qualities of j the same or of a similar strain to that of his father or to that of his great uncle; and though some may say he would be none the worse for that, the consideration does not convey any as surance to my mind that the difference would be an improvement. I can perhaps best convey the impression I formed on this point while endeavoring to study this poor child on "Wednesday, by saying that in spite of their unhappy military bias, the Napoleons, I, and III., represented the modern feel'ng in re lation to the government of a great people, and I can conceive of no such spirit in this young Prince. His destinies make him antagonistic to the Bourbon Princes who swarm over! Europe; but I think he is by nature of the old —the mediaeval—type of royal family. He will be in all probability a man of an intellect con siderably above mediocrity, I think he will be acknowledged by "those among whom he will move to be a superior man ; but I cannot con ceive of him as one having a strong sympathy with the spirit of the time. He is not likely to enter into the aspirations of the Franks of the coming half century. He is Spanish. He is Celtic. He is, so to speak, a Papist by nature. He is in cast of face and in every aspect of character, totally unlike the typical Frenchmen following him to his father's grave. I cannot detect in Mm the Corsican element. I can see in him only his mother, with her supe riority of intellect, her proud nature, her dignity and graciousness, and also her passionate devotion to a standard of faith and a standard of social policy more befitting the Spain of old days, the Ireland of the ancient kings, or perhaps the Parisian Court of the more happy days of Marie Antonette than the France of to-day. Without a word of depreciation of this promising and manly Prince, who bore himself so well through the trying and painful ordeal of "Wednesday, and without prejudging the question whether France has yet anything to gain or to hope from Imperialism, I could not resist the conclusion, as I watched the proud, though grief-stricken boy, that Napoleon Eugenie Louis will never be the man fitted by nature for a successful ruler of modern France. 