The Wallaroo Times. WALLAROO: SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER, 27, 1873. ———————————— We should be neglecting a very grave duty if we failed to allude to the petti- fogging and narrow spirit displayed by a number of members of the House of As- sembly when the adjourned debate took place on the second reading of the Port Wakefield and Kadina Railway Bill. The debate was what may be termed characteristic. Mr Carr told hon. mem- bers that the Peninsula was in the posi- tion of a person who is said always to strike either too high or too low. If a line were asked for to Clare, this was considered unreasonable. Hon. members said they would have no objection to a line that should constitute a portion of the highway between the Peninsula and the metropolis; but they could not sup- port one intended merely for the benefit of the Peninsula, such as one would be to Clare. Now that a line to Port Wakefield has been proposed they have made the discovery that they could conscientiously have voted for the Clare line. We judge from the debate that the farce was too transparent. One speaker argued in favor of a line to Clare, and another in favor of one from Moonta to Parara, whilst others said they failed to understand what a district with only about 30,000 inhabitants in it—a very considerable proportion of the popula- tion of the colony—and without a yard of macadamised road over it, could want with a railway at all. The junior mem- ber for the district was, we submit, per- fectly justified in refusing to travel again over the old time-honored statistical table to be adduced of the rights and worth of the Peninsula. We are sick of telling it. Both of the leading journals of the colony have often said the Peninsula has been shamefully and scurvily treated by the powers that have existed in this colony. Those persons capacitated to understand this, know it, and need not that it should be explained to them again, and to ex- plain it to those who cannot is a perfectly hopeless task. Nothing short of a surgical operation would meet their re- quirements. Their skulls should be tre- panned, and the mixture denoting ignor- ance and prejudice, that does duty for brains, should be extracted. In lieu there- of a substance taken from the peri- craniums of their first cousins might be inserted with advantage. The junior member for the Peninsula was very careful to state, that whilst sup- porting the Bill, he was not to be con- sidered to endorse any opinion that it was what was required to meet the wants of his constituents. The Parlia- liament had been found by them to be even worse than the unjust judge in the parable who, although he "feared not God, nor regarded man," granted the request of the importunate widow, "lest by her continual craving she weary me." But, as Mr Duncan said, the Peninsula people preferred to take this line than go without. In fact, as we may concisely put it, they prefer a partial injustice to a whole one. After he had finished, Mr Lake rose to make a ludicrous exhibition of his ignorance. The railway, said he, would bring no part of the colony nearer to the coast than it was before. To this, it might be replied, that the hundreds of farms near to the Hummock Ranges will not be nearer to the coast than before, as twenty miles will still remain betwixt the farmers and their customers; but, instead of an impassable road over the twenty miles, should there be a passable railway, it would be only reasonable to expect that commu- nication would be facilitated. Then, con- tinued Mr Lake, a private company pro- posed to make a railway from Moonta to Parara. There the hon. member's dense ignorance of a subject respecting which his Port Adelaide prejudices were but too apparent, led him althogether astray. Subsequently, he had to confess that he was ignorant the private Co.—as he had chosen to call it—wished to be paid for the construction of the line out of the public estate. Mr Ramsay, who fol- lowed Mr Lake, argued as ably as his predecessor against the proposed line. The people of Green's Plains, said he, could now get to Kadina by travelling ten or twelve miles, and would they be likely to take their wheat to Port Wake- field, and pay 20 or 30 miles more haulage than was necessary? No one out of an asylum, save Mr Ramsay, would ever think of them doing so. Of course, if the line be made, there must be a station at Green's Plains. The Govern- ment lines in this colony are not con- structed with stations upon them 30 miles apart. But Mr Angus was, as on previous occasions, one of the bitterest enemies of the Peninsula—why, we do not know, although we might give a shrewd guess. "As soon," said he, "as the population on the Peninsula required it he would go in for a line such as they now had." That would be, we suppose, after Mr Angus has assisted to muddle many millions of public money on roads where there is not a tithe of the popula- tion or the trade. Of course, we can understand Mr Angus, as a member of the Central Road Board, trying in an indirect manner to justify the disgrace- ful laches and partiality manifested by himself and his colleagues in making those roads they ought not to have made, and in leaving unmade those roads they ought to have made. But that is no reason why he should have talked the most incoherent nonsense about the sub- ject on board. What, said he, was the wealth of the Peninsula to do with the matter? People had obtained it, and en- riched themselves from mines on the Peninsula." Of course, as he admitted, in so doing they had erected large works, and created employment for large num- bers of persons. To reply to this is per- fectly superfluous. If it means anything it must mean that in the opinion of Mr Angus railways should be made where there is neither trade nor population. Twenty years ago, in his opinion, the Peninsula deserved a railway—whilst there was only a squatter, a shepherd or two, and a few miserable blacks with their lubras upon it. Of the hon. mem- ber's ignorant support of the Moonta and Parara line we need say nothing. He knows exactly as much of the Peninsula as he does of the open Polar Sea, and therefore he deserves to be pitied for his ignorance rather than blamed for his somewhat too palpable spite. With very much more pleasure we turn to the speech of Mr Carr, who, as he seems to be very well aware, we have not always been able to agree with. There is this to be said that Mr Carr, in advocating the interests of the Peninsula, has always been consistent. Some of the best speeches in favor of a line of com- munication between this great mining population of consumers and the pro- ducers in the interior are reported in Hansard as having been made by Mr Carr. On the occasion in question he acquitted himself admirably. First he regretted the spirit of unfairness in which the subject had been treated by hon. members. In this remark we assume that we get at the whole merits of the case. There is the ghost of the old pre- judice against Peninsula interests still haunting the House, although its master spirit has passed away. To the fact that but the ghost remains the Peninsula owes the second reading of the Kadina and Port Wakefield railway Bill without a division. The Chief-Secretary, we observe, said that unless the Bill were passed, some provision must be made for a road for the mail to pass over. Then, should the Bill be passed, he should not consider the Government called upon to find funds for a road. All this we grant. But the farmers on Green's Plains have recently had a meeting and decided to memorialize for a special grant of £5,000 to make the worst portion of their road prior to the Railway being finished—a matter of perhaps two or three years. To us the prayer of the memorial seems to be a most reasonable one. They are perfectly correct in stating that this road cannot be left as it is for two or three years longer. And even when the rail- way is made there will always be consi- derable traffic over the road. The case is nearly a parallel one of the roads be- tween Kadina and Wallaroo and between Wallaroo and Moonta. There are rail- roads between both of these places, but for all this, good roads are urgently required. Passenger trucks can only run occasionally, and the traffic over short distances by them will necessarily be limited. Every man who can do so, prefers to keep his horse, not only for business purposes, but also for pleasure and other- wise. Each farmer on Green's Plains keeps his own horses, and when these are not otherwise wanted, he will prefer using them to the railway. And, as the Green's Plains farmers very properly observed, the Government recognises its duty to provide means of communication to a market for settlers and free selectors who have not paid for their land. If so, not only ought the £5,000 the Green's Plains farmers ask for to be at once granted, but it ought to have been years ago. It is only the disgraceful negligence of the Legislature to the wants of the district that has caused the need for such a requisition to arise. His Excellency the Governor will visit the South-East in October or November. The latest return of the voting for the Legis- lative Council is—Sandover, 1,785; Ross, 1,453; and Coglin, 1,022. Informal, 127. The Flinders boxes have yet to be opened. We hear that the crops in the Northern Areas are looking splendidly, far better than those nearer to Clare. Also there are very cheering reports to hand of the crops in the vicinity of the Hummocks. The Manchester Courier, of July 23, notified that a new Ministry had been formed at Ade- laide with Mr Blyth as Premier. This Ministry was only formed on Monday, July 21, and the Gazette notice appeared the following day. This is quick despatch indeed. At a sale of mineral leases in Adelaide, on Thursday, those of several sections near to the Wallaroo Mining Company fetched high prices— £51, £101, £81 respectively. These were under- stood to be bought for the Company. Mr Kings- borough purchased the lease of Section 178 for £50. We observe that arrangements have been made for a concert to take place next week at Kadina, in aid of the Anglican Church Parsonage Fund. A very choice and interesting programme has been prepared, and as some very able amateurs are to take part a very pleasant entertainment may be expected. We have seen the silver tankard which Mr Haselgrove, of the Kadina Hotel, has intimated his intention of presenting to the batsman making the highest score in three matches to be played between the Port Wallaroo and the Wallaroo Mines Cricket Clubs. It is in a morocco case, lined with green velvet and will form a handsome trophy to the fortunate batsman who may win it. The Twelfth Annual Report of the Moonta Mining Companyhas been printed. From this it appears that the yield of ore is on the increase, 9,103 tons of 21 per cent ore having been raised during the past half year, and 2,827 tons of 5 per cent. Two dividends of £1 per share have been paid during the half year. There are now 1,429 persons in the Co.'s employ, and 27 shafts are being worked. Late London telegrams state that British troops have commenced cutting a road to Coomassie, the capital of the Kingdom of Ashantee. Owing to a depression in gold the Exchange has been closed and private Banks have curtailed their transactions. The Govern- ment financial measures taken for the relief of commerce have stopped the panic. In the House of Assembly on Tuesday, the Bill for amending the Constitution Act passed through Committee. This provides for six Ministers with a salary of £1000 per annum each, the Attorney-General not necessarily to be in the House, and the additional Minister to be a member of the Council. Mr Ward has given notice that he will move its recommittal, with the view of inserting a clause compelling mem- bers forming the Cabinet to go before their con- stituents. As the opening of the boxes containing the voting papers for the Legislative Council was proceeded with on Tuesday that from Mount Barker placed Mr Sandover on a level with his opponent Mr Ross, and each succeeding one placed him still further ahead, till at the close of the proceedings the numbers stood as follows —Sandover, 1,659 ; Ross, 1,399; Coglin, 956. This naturally decided the election, as the re- maining boxes were too unimportant to affect the result. What we term the direct trade between Port Wallaroo and home is making progress. By this mail Messrs Bower & Co., of Wallaroo, received intelligence that the Albert William, bound for this port with a cargo of Oregon timber, had been consigned to them, and had sailed on Aug. 29. The same firm also send home instructions by this mail for another vessel to be despatched with a general cargo, and it will be followed by others. Then there are Mr Bower's own three barques purchased to trade to either Ports Ade- laide or Wallaroo as inducement may offer. The excitement in mining circles at Kadina, this week, has been the Wheal Mealley, so called because Mr Meally, of Kadina, made the discovery of some green carbonates on the surface of the property now leased by the Company. Eight sections have been taken out, and some men have been put to work. The green carbonates at sur- face certainly indicate the presence of something rich in the vicinity. The property adjoins the Wandilta sections of the Wallaroo Mines. Those persons, and we suppose there are some, who disbelieve in the principle introduced of Occupation licenses being granted to miners' should visit the suburbs of Kadina, and the Wallaroo Mines. East of the mines there is a town rapidly springing up, on a slight rise that is in that locality, and every house stands on a block leased under the occupation system. As each comprises half an acre of land, the houses are so much detached that plenty of fresh air is insured, and it is impossible for them to be over crowding. Some of the blocks are fenced in and the land cultivated. The miners might, we sug- gest, adopt rather a better style of architecture, as the houses on the blocks are practically as much their own as if they were on freehold property. No reply has, as yet been received by the Secretary to the members of the Port Wallaroo, Kadina, and Wallaroo Mines Cricket Clubs, to the invitation forwarded by them to the Adelaide Cricketing Association, inviting 11 members of Adelaide cricket clubs to come to the Peninsula and play 16 mumbers of the clubs above men- tioned. The letter of the Secretary was for- warded about a month since, as we said at the time; and if negotiations proceed at no faster pace than this it is not very likely that the match can be played on November 9, when the United Clubs hoped it would take place. The Moonta Club, it will be recollected, declined to have any part or lot in the matter. A town correspondent writes us to the effect that the general opinion is the Ministry was saved last week from coming to grief over its Northern Territory appointment by Mr Ward. Had the task of moving the vote of censure been in the hands of almost any other member, the Ministry must have given way. As it was, Mr Ward, by pushing himself into first place, saved the Ministry he sought to condemn. Of course it is not for us to say whether the hon. member did or did not intend to act as a friend to Mr Blyth and his colleagues, but that he did so is very apparent. A Meeting ofthe Nslyappa Mining Company was held at Mr Whitington's office, on Sept. 23, when eighteen shareholders were present, and Mr Cross presided. The articles of association, were read by Mr Fred. Ayers as solicitor, amended, and passed. The appointments made were:—Directors, Messrs B. H. Cross, R. Stuckey, A. S. Clark, F. J. Blades, and W. S. Douglas; Bankers, the Bank of Australasia; Solicitor, Mr Fred Ayers; Secretary, Mr W. S. Whitington. The solicitor was instructed to complete the nesessary arrangements, and have the Company registered. The annual report of the Adelaide Cricketing Association is not a very encouraging document. After an issue of drafts to the extent of £95, the income from subscriptions, etc., had been £501, and the expenses £500 leaving the Association slightly in other debt than the bonds that had been issued. The agent of the All England Eleven had required £800 for their visit to Ade- laide, besides travelling and other expenses calcu- lated at about £300. Under the circumstances the Committee could not recommend that the terms of the All England eleven should be closed with. After a long debate, on Friday, the 11th clause of the Education Act was carried, so as to read as follows:—"In every school established under this Act, not being a night-school, four hours at least shall be set apart during each school-day for secular instruction alone; and such school shall open half-an hour before secu- lar instruction commences in the morning for the purpose of reading portions of the Holy Scrip- tures in the authorized Protestant or Douay ver- sion, unless a majority of the parents of the children attending any particular school shall signify their objection to the Minister of Educa- tion. The attendance of the school children at such reading shall not be compulsory, and no sectarian or denominational religious teaching shall be allowed in the schools. The alteration, commencing at the first semi- colon was the result of the labor of Messrs Angas and Ward. It is very similar to the compromise proposed by us in our leader, published on the 24th inst. Those of our readers who hail from Cornwall, will learn with sorrow that that eminent preacher of Christ, the Rev. Robert Aitken of Pendeen, Cornwall, has been suddenly removed by death. In consequence of an attack of bronchitis, he had been for a few months travelling in Germany, and was on his return home; indeed, he had just taken his ticket at the Great Western Railway Station, in London, and was waiting on the plat- form, when he remarked to a gentleman beside him that he felt much exhausted, and, whilst speaking, fell down and expired. The cause of death seemed to be of an apoplectic nature. He had passed his 73rd year; including half a cen- tury of ministerial life, extraordinarily successful in spiritual work. Incessantly evangelizing, many thousands in Scotland, in Wales, and in other parts of England besides Cornwall, were converted by his ministry; and nearly 130 clergymen of his own Church, (the Church of England), ac- knowledged him as their spiritual father. Two sons, worthy representatives of his zeal and eanestness, survive him, the one Rector of Everton, near Liverpool, the other Vicar of St. Paul's, Penzance; but the great old Beanerges of Pendeen will be long and widely missed. We are indebted for the particulars of his death to his niece, the wife of the Rev. P. Maclaren, of Port Adelaide. Sir Henry Ayers made a powerful speech against the Northern Territory Justice Bill of the present Government, in the Council, on Tuesday. He pointed out, as did we at the first, that the Government had acted most in- discretly in offering the appointment of Judge to anyone before the Bill, which created the ap- pointment, had passed the Legislature. The salary, he said was an absurd one, as in fourteen important British colonies no Chief Justice re- ceived more than £1000 per annum. From this it follows that £2000 is an absurdly dispropor- tionate salary to give to the judge in the Northern Territory, where there is as yet but a mere handful of people. And then Sir Henry made a statement, which we should never think of doubting for a moment, that several members of the Lower House voted for the Bill trusting to the good sense of the Council to throw it out. This statement, a similar one to which we re- peatedly heard made respecting that piece of costly uesless folly the Naracoorte and Lacepede Bay Railway, has brought a nest of hornets about Sir Henry's ears. A question was asked of the speaker relative to the statement he had pointed out that the only way the Assembly could notice it would be to appoint a select com- mittee and require Sir Henry to give evidence before it. In the Council Sir Henry Ayers said that he would take any member who doubted his statement face to face with his informant. Anent the mineral exhibits sent from South Australia to the International Exhibition, in London, the Agent-General in London, writes:— "The Sub-Curator of the Museum of Geology in Jermyn-street was so obliging as to spend three days in the Court preparing a proper designation of each of the mineral exhibits. These were then neatly lettered on white and blue labels, and securely fixed to each specimen with copperwire, so that they cannot fall off. Professor Tennant, the eminent mineralogist, met me there by ap- pointment with a large number of pupils. The Professor was amazed at the richness and variety of the mineral specimens. I have since seen him again, and he tells me that he intends to revisit the Court by himself for a thorough examination of this collection. In the House of Assembly, on Wednesday, Mr Myles moved—"That in any future contract for the carriage of mails provision be inserted in such contracts for the conveyance (during the session of Parliament) of members of Parlia- ment residing on or near the line travelled to and from some place on the line of road (to be fixed by each member) and Adelaide." Mr Ward moved, as an amendment, that the mem- bers of the Legislature residing in the country should be reimbursed all amounts actually paid by them as coach fares, for travelling to and from their residences whilst Parliament is sitting. The motion, as amended, was carried, the Go- vernment voting against it. Subsequently the Treasurer highly offended some hon. members by saying, in reply to Mr Tovrosend who asked if he would give them their money once a week, that he supposed he should have to go round like a waiter and ask them how much money they would have. We hold that it is a pity the petition, contained in Parliamentary paper 82, cannot be granted. It is from 51 carriers who ask that they should be allowed to pay an annual license, as they use the public roads for trade purposes; and they very properly urge that the said "public roads are cut up more in proportion by carriers, and and those running conveyances for passengers or traffic, than any other class in the colony, while in proportion to the benefit they receive, they contribute a very inadequate amount to the re- pair of such roads." They also say that in the pursuance of their avocation they "are assisted in a very great degree by the good repair and maintenance of such roads." They therefore think they should be "charged an annual license fee of Five Pounds, or any other amount your honorable House may think fit to impose." Sad to say, the hard hearted Treasurer, in making his financial proposals for the year, did not hint any intention of imposing a fine on the carriers. Geoffery Crabthorne's solution of the reli- gious difficulty on the Educational matter is the best we have met with. He suggests that half- a-dozen of the hottest religions champions, with Mr E. Ward, M.P., "whose eloquent advocacy of the claims of 'Bible truth' in the debate on the Bill must endear him to all men of high principle, though I don't know exactly what Church he would represent, unless he has renewed his al- legiance to Mr Spurgeon," together with another member unless Dr Patterson should object to his being at large, should be appointed a Com- mission, to report as soon as they should be unanimous; education to be compulsory and secular in the meanwhile. Geoffery thinks it "is generally the custom to remunerate Govern- ment Commissions according to the number and length of their sittings, but in the present case it would be desirable for obvious reasons to adopt a system of payment by results." A return that has just been printed by Par- liamentary order, illustrates exactly how much an Act of Parliament is worth, both in the eyes of the Legislature and the powers that be. The total area of Waste Lands of the Crown alienated from the passing of Sutherland's Act in 1862, until its repeal in 1873, was 2,324,367 acres, and the amount received on account thereof was £2,386,751. The amount reserved for Immigra- tion under the clauses of the said Act was £860,022 16s 9d, and the sum expended was £206,368 0s 3d. A stranger reading this might wonder what had become of the remainder. The answer he ought to receive would be that it had been illegally muddled away for other purposes. Part of it formed the famous nest egg of the Hon. Thos. Reynolds. The remainder, in defiance of Act of Parliament, went as one weak and incap- able Ministry after another chose to direct. Yankee Smartness.—"Nothing could better illustrate the peculiar rottenness that is apt to belong to American business operations," writes the New York Tribune, "than the failure recently of a real estate broker in a neighbouring city. He was admitted to the Board of Brokers about a year ago; began his operations, according to his own shewing, with not a thousand dollars of capital, and no backing; purchased two magnifi- cent residences, furnished them after the fashion of any other of our trading princes of taste, with the usual background of velvet carpets, &c.;, to throw into relief the fine bronzes, pictures, and marbles. His advertisements blotted out those of all other brokers, his horses and carriages out- vied all other equipages in the park, he flung diamonds and costly bijouterie on every side with the recklessness of a sultan, spending 6000 dollars in fans alone during last summer's heat to cool and console his friends. When the end of his brief and brilliant career was reached he was in the act of building a palatial marble banking-house, and had just purchased several squares of ground in the heart of the city. Now, the point of the story is not the magnitude of the swindle, for besides some of the exploits of our own sharpers it sinks into significance; but the fact that the fellow, from his architect to his washerwoman, paid nobody, and that his credi- tors, one and all, whether they sold him a palace, an advertisement, or a fan, were ready to trust him. The man had absolutely no capital but impudence and audacity, and they knew it. He had not come from abroad with a factitious repu- tation as a moneyed man; but in the sight of them all quitted a miserable little shop, where the sheriff sold him out for two or three hundred dollars, and opened a business requiring a capital of millions. The moral points itself. These people expected to get their money back again. Nobody, certainly, was minded to confer marble dwellings, antique bronzes, coats, boats, news- papers puffing on him gratis. They expected him to succeed because they knew by experience that impudence and audacity are as good capital as a man can have in the present condition of this country." 