f Mfrjf, ®riflittfll flttfl $eltctt&. SEPULTUS IN CTMBRIS. [From the Brisbane Telegraph. I (The following is to my fancy an exquisite bit oE~ descriptive writing. It is by an Australian poetnamed Howe, and worthy I think of a plaoe in your columns. It may arise from my want of taste, but I prefer it to many a more pretentious English poem. MoBt of your readers nave never met with these lines, so I make no apology foe troubling you with them.—Yours, &c.;, N> BABTLEY.] Flowere float upon the creek like virgin snoir, The glass-green creek that creeps in noiseless course, Save by the spiry arrow-grass unBtemmed, Around the gully's foot where sleeps die dead. Her sombre tresses on the farther bank The swamp-oak droops; from blossom golden« bright The wattle sighs sweet odour; and unheard The sum-tree showers its glitf tins manna down. With crimson fruit and alabaster blooms Wild ra8pb'rrie8 clothe the bank; Berried in front - A phalanx firm at green sndtavny zeeds Uplift their pennoned spears., Throughout the day An eerie hush hangs o'er that sunny stream, For months roll on and no man pas Beth oy. It sings no song; but to a chorus low Of insect-murmurs glides upon its way. Perchance a little Btring of silver beus Comes up and burets; there is a flash of fins— A sprinkling splash—then all again is still. Or now and then three little liquid notes Are thrice repeated, and the songBter stops; Or the harsh cackle of the bushman's clout. Or stream of burnished parrots flying o'er. Startles the 6ilence—but again it sleeps: And through it, ghost-like, the kingfisher darts Hither and thither, beautiful and curst. And eerie is the wak'ning of the stream. At dusk the shy, weird watermole rolls forth For uncouth gambols'neath the brightening moon And through the long night hours, or night or ~ black, Tall, spectral cranes croak hoarsely to their mates r. The bittern booms; and vith despairing wail, Doleiul as spirits lost for evermore. The curlew curds the blood; whilst down thegloom Of the daifc gully comes a sobbing moan— The night wind crooning its mysterious woe. The filtered gold that speckB the twilight shade Which fills the gully on the brightest day, A crystal shade, 'olent of damp and deaths Ages of vegetation passed away— Hath rarely fallen on the face of man; And when theSouthern Cross* solemn light. Streamed from the sky, no human foot methinks Was ever planted in that darksome cleft. Choked with bush verdure. At the streaming mouth Tea- trees shoot rankly from a swamp, and snakes,. The wicked big brown snakes coil round the poles,. And guard the entrance with their hooded heads,. Lissome and loathey. The deaf adder, eke, Stupid and stunted, but as dire as dull, Ides loglike on the moist and mouldering soil, With festering fangs whose touch is certain death.. The bulla-bulla haunts that lonely shade, And perched on tree- stump, spreads its glossy tail,. As lyre for breeze to play on, but no breeze Stirs the curvid plumes, and weary of the hush, The pheasant tempts a song from songsters mute By artful call, then mocks them dumb again. And a.diear silence ooce more reigns around. The iguana, with its old. old eye, Which One might swear had seen ere man was* born, The iguana, seemingly bowed down By buhlen of a life without an end. The wasted iguana haunts the shade, And makes it weirder with his weary gaze. The sassafras breathes perfume from its bark. The blackwood soars to catch the distant light, The beech that fadeth not spreads wide its boughs,. And o'er a dewy carpet richly green Luxuriant fem-trees bend their feathery fronds, The living batten on the trampled dead. A waste of weeds has almost blotted out - The fenced-in spot where lies the human dead. Creepers and scrub have suiged up round the^ rails— The rough grey rails that mark the sepulchre. Who lies there buried! "B. Y. '99." I read the inscription on a crumbling slab, Lichened and mossed, and slimed, and faintly gilt,. With a chance sprinkle on the filtered gold, From which a lizard glided as I read. And what the story of toe epitaph ? 1 know not. We must wait for Israel. HiB trump shall ring within the gully's gloom, But till the dead arise to meet their God. "B. Y." is blotted from the rolls of men. In the hushed gully by the silent stream He sleeps obscure. Ere many years have passed t His tomb will be entombed*—and if it be? The little fame that gives some score of years - Of posthumous existence to a man— Is that worth much! And e'en the brightest fame -1 Must one day fade—as well, then, soon as- late ! And for the common herd, who reads the stones With which they strive to dam out Lethe's flood? Deep in the southern bush, or in the sea That in a second severs man from men. Sleep is as sweet as 'neath cathedral flags. | *Data aunt ipsis quoque fata sepulchris- < Juvenal X. e. 146. PAINFUL ACCIDENT.—On Friday afternoon,;. July 4, Edmund Brown, a youth in the employ* of the Aerated Bread Company, was admitted to the City Hospital, suffering, from & severely crushed hand. On Tuesday, as he - was feeding the rollers, his right hand was drawn in between them, and all the fingers were badly bruised. It is feared that the amputation of the little finger will be necessary. THE MOONTA AGBICUI/TOBAL, . HOBTICUL- TTJBAII, AND FLOBieOETDBAL SOCIETY.—A general meeting of this Association was held in the Moonta Institute Hall on Tuesday, July 1. There was a fair attendance, and the Secretary reported upon the June Show as follows:—Cash taken at the gates, £71 9s. 9d.; receipts from entries, £2. Is.;. subscriptions leceived, £35 3s. 6<L; unpaid, £24 3s.; number of subscribers,. 75. The amount claimed as prizes, £35 15s. 6d., was passed for payment. Mr. E. H. Derrington reported a profit of one guinea on the publication of "The Exhibition" paper,. which sum he would hand over to the Society. The Secretary reported the receipt of' £2 2s. as a donation from. Mr. H. 1L Hughes, . M.P. A Sub-Committee was appointed to - prepare the prize- list for the next Show, and cordial thanks voted to the Judges,- Sub- Committees, and Assistant Secretaries closed the < proceedings. THE EIGHT H«UBS MOVEMENT AT ; MOONTA." —The working tradesmen of Moonta having formed a United Tradesmen's Society as a branch of the Adelaide similar Association, on Friday evening, June 27, resolved that a deputation should wait upon the employers with a view to get -the eight hours system conceded. On Wednesday, July 2, the deputation'were courteously received. Mr. S. Rossiter, who was the spokesman for the masters, went minutely - into the .difficulties which would result. from.. the change, but said he was not in the: slightest degree against the movement, and whatever concession was granted to the Society fn Adelaide he would be happy to grant to those men who worked for him, as he believed that it would not injure -either the builders or their workmen when the system got established on a firm footing. He strongly desired that a friendly and cordial feeliDg should exist between the men and the masters. Several questions were answered by Mr. Madge on behalf of the deputation. Mr. Rossiter then signed the memorial, thus adopting the- eight hours system, and the deputation thanked the employers for the kind reception they had met with. THE EIGHT HOUBS SYSTEM.—At a meeting of employers of labour, held at the Oddfellows^' Hall, Franklin-street, on Friday evening, July 4, there were 50 persons present, and Mr. Wm.,. King jun., was voted to the chair. A Com- - mittee, to take into consideration the question of the eight hours system was formed, consist" ingtof Messrs. Thompson, Farr, Adamson, Jones, Dodgson, Hagedorn, Weller, Wilson, Chambers* Laycock, Anderson, Duncan, Barlow, Debney, Mayfield, Mellor, and Williams. SLUGS.—These pests are increasing every year, and now every garden in the vicinity of Clare is full of them, the local paper states, adding— " As soon as the seeds sown germinate and show themselves above ground thny are eaten off, and vegetables of all sorts are devoured as soon as planted. In the flower garden they do much damage; the most delicate plants are first eaten, and others more hardy are greatly retarded in their growth. These pests are plentiful on pasture land, and also amongst the wheat crops. We examined some wheat plants the other day, and found 'many of the young stalks eaten completely off by them. We would imagine that by rolling the wheat crops during the moonlight mghtB a check would be given to them and their increase thus prevented." 