literature* TALES IN THE CAMP. No. II. MRS. ASHTON'S GHOST. BY. F. WESTBURY. T the present time, when Faith is thrust aside and Reason is brought to bear on all matters connected with the mysterious or supernatural, one cannot help feeling a kind of good humour and pity for those people who delight in relating stories of ghosts and goblins. In our practical day of £ s. d. we have no time to indulge in any obtruse question relative to anything beyond the laws of nature. We have no time for aught else but making money and spending it. Nevertheless, there is a tinge of superstition in us all, pooh, pooh, the matter as we may : even the most sceptical, did they but speak the truth, would admit that there is a unity between the material and the immaterial worlds which they can neither understand nor describe-still less deny. I vemember reading of an old Scotch farmer who was a thorough sceptic regarding apparitions. The old gentleman was in the habit of frequenting a certain^tavern, in Perth, every market day. His route homeward lay by the walls of a lunatic asylum. It hap pened one dark night, as the farmer was jogging along home on his colt, that one of the inmates of the mad-house .(who had escaped from his cell in his night dress, and had just got snugly perched on the wall that overlooked the road) heard the old fellow coming along, singing lustily. The maniac allowed the old fellow to get abreast of him, then with a sudden spring leaped athwart the colt's stout quarters, and at the same time threw his arms around the farmer's ! body in front of him. The poor, terrified scoffer of ghoFts cast but one quick glance over his shoulder, then \- driving his spurs deep into the sides of his nag galloped home, and shouted to his wife : " For the love of heaven, guid wife, com doon stairs and tak aff the ghaist." I remember, too, when 1 was ahoy, how my juvenile skull was crammed with tales of the extravagant and marvellous, until I was almost afraid to remain in my bed-room without a light, or to put my nose into the scullery after dark, without fancying every nook and cranny the hiding place of a spectre. There is no class of men (sailors excepted) so fond of telling yarns as soldiers. In the barrack-room, on guard, round the camp fire, at night within the hut ; in short, during almost any phase of a soldier's career story- telling becomes part and parcel of himself, and sometimes forming his only amusement, relieving otherwise many a dull, monotonous hour amid the hardships and dangers to which he is subjected. A great number of discharged soldiers of this tale-spinning clique have from time to time been enrolled within the ranks of our volunteers. Hence the quaint medley of stories that are told round their camp fires at every annual gathering. At the late encampment, held on Ham Common by the Volunteers, I heard the following narrative. The day had been very wet, and as darkness grew on apace the rain steadily increased ; therefore we wei e com- pelled to be prisoners in the tents for one night at least There were tën men in the tent to which I belonged ; one of these was an old soldier with three medals, named Fred Crofton. Fred was a trifle over six feet high, and bearded like the pard. He had been in several parts of the world with his former regiment, and could tell-when the humour was on him - some of the drollest yarns imaginable. On the evening in question, Fred sat smoking a short clay pipe the colour of ebony, and staring in a dreamy way at the tent pole. " By Jove ! this is a rough night ; who'll consent to tell a yarn ? " said one of the party. Crofton took the seasoned cutty from between his teeth, and, turning his eyes on the speaker, answered slowly " I will." , " Brayo ! well done, Fred," resounded round the tent ; and the men, settling themselves as cosily as possible on their several beds, awaited the old soldier's story. " Well, comrades," began Crofton, " what I am about to relate is as true as I sit here in this tent to-night." "All right, old fellow ; go on." " Ihadreceivedmydischarge, in Auckland, from the regiment, and, having a little money, I came to Sydney, and began to look about me how I'might invest it to the best advan- tage ; but, bless you, what with going to the theatre and meeting a friend here and there, my little capital melted away before I had , decided how to employ it. S,o one Monday morning, after paying my bill at Benson's eating house, where I had been living, I found myself at Struth's wharf, waiting for the Parramatta steamer, a very scanty swag over my shoulder, and three-and sixpence in my pocket." "Hard lines old man. Where were you bound for, Eh ! " "I hardly know myself, my object was to get out of Sydney as soon as possible, before I became thoroughly bankrupt. I stayed one night at Parramatta, and from thence I marched to Bathurst on the slender sum of eighteen-pence. At Bathurst, a man engaged me to thrash wheat, but at the end of a month refused to pay me my wages, whereupon I set to and gave the rascal a thrashing, and left the township without a penny in my pocket." " Well done, Crofton. Where did you steer for then ? " "To the diggings at Sparrowhawk." . ' Sparrowhawk ? Where's that Fred ? " " Oh ! I don't think you'll find it on the map. Nevertheless, the place I mean is-not far from Bathurst. Here I fell in with three young fellows who were new arrivals like myself, and we consented to go mates. We selected a piece of ground, and went to work at once, and after six weeks, prospecting'we were fortunate in finding gold. I must inform you, comrades, that Sparrowhawk was a scattered place. To the north and south of our claim as far as the eye could reach, the surrounding country presented one vást mass ochóles and old deserted mines. There was a huge dam situated in the midst of these worked out claims that was full of -water, and very deep. No doubt this dam supplied the diggers with water in times gone by, when Sparrowhawk was in á mote flourishing condition than the time of which I speak. Whether it did so or not doesn't matter much as regards my story. Yet there it was, and a most tempting place it looked to any unfortunate digger who was tired of his life. Within two or three hundred paces of the dam, stood a little slab hut, occupied by an old Italian. This man had made a snug sum, and was on the eve pf departing for the city. I purchased the hut for a trifle, and received a big rough dog-half-bull, half hound-with my bargain, from the foreigner, on his leaving the place. The dog, who answered to ' Ranter, was one of the queerest brutes in existence. Unlike most of the sect whose name he bore, the dog was very quiet in his manner, but very fierce and treacherous. He would walk boldly up to you, and if he didn't like the snuff of your garment, would pounce upon your (limits) in a moment. Neither to man nor master did Ranter ever wag his tail in sign of friendly recog- nition. If the brute happened to be hungry, he would walk into the hut, and stand look- j in g at you with a face as grave as a judge. But if you attempted to pat him, by jove ! he would have your fingers between his teeth in an instant. To beat him was of no avail, for as certain as you did so, the rascal would j find an opportunity to repay you with interest. Yet, with all his faults. Ranter was a very | good dog, and as brave as a lion. He would refuse nothing you might set him at, from dragging red-hot sticks out of the fire, to the somewhat difficult task of essaying to pull the spokes out of a dray wheel with his teeth." " A rare animal, Fred. What has become of him ? " " Silence in the ranks. Proceed Crofton." " After I had taken possession of the hut, I discovered that I had two. neighbours. One, a Mrs. Watson, who kept a small store. A hard working, stirring, cosey little body was dame Watson, but she was troubled with a very lazy, drunken husband. The other was a tall old fellow named Ashton-Dick Ashton-a widower, with one daughter, a very genteel, good-looking wench,about nine- teen years of age. Rumour said that Ashton had made two or three fortunes in New South Wales, but had uselessly squandered his wealth in drunkeness and debauchery. His wife, a refined gentle creature, tried to win him back again to the path of honour, but he repaid her love with foul language, and even beat her in his drunken moods. It was after one of those domestic scenes of misery, wherein Ashton had treated his wife more brutally than heretofore, that the unfortunate lady, maddened at the unmanly conduct of her cruel husband, rushed out of the house, and in a fit of despair, threw herself into the dam. Dick Ashton saw her go, and watched her throw herself into the deep pool, but he made no effort to save her ; perhaps drinking had deadened his faculties, or, p er chance, b e might have judged this a little ruse on the part of his better half to frighten him ; be this as it may, poor Mrs. Ashton perished, and Dick became a widower." " The man was a perfect brute, Fred ; and ought to have been hung, indignantly chimed in one of the men." The old soldier cast an angry look toward thelast speaker, and continued. " Old Ashton after the death of his wife, drank harder than ever, and turned all his spleen on his daughter Mary. Many a time the poor girl had to take shelter in my place, out of his way, when he chanced to be tipsy, which by the way, was very often. The rumour about Mrs. Ashton I had heard over and over again, but I did not believe a word of it until the daughter recounted the whole catastrophe to me, and concluded by saying that she wondered how her dear mother could rest in her grave peace- fully after what had happened. I can tell you, comrades, that I never passed that cold, still-looking Bheet of water without a shudder, there was something so awfully silent about the place, the old holes seeming like half opened graves, and the high walls of the dam looming up above them like some gigantic sepulchre. I had been located at the hut about three months, when one night, or rather morning, for it was past twelve o'clock, I was return- ing home, after a rather convivial evening spent in company with my mates. We were lucky in finding a tidy sized nugget the pre- vious day, and we had been making merry over our good fortune. It was a beautiful moonlit night, with not a cloud in the horizon ; one could see everything almost as plain, as in open day- light. I felt very jolly, and sauntered along the path leading to my domicile whistling and singing alternately. Ranter, the dog, had his nose close to my heels all the way, and did not seem at all infected with my merriment. I had reached within twenty paces of the hut, when the brute stopped suddenly and uttered a low fierce growl. I wheeled sharply round in surprise, for I knew the place was lonely, and rarely frequented by anyone after nightfall. Ranter was standing with his nose stretched forward in the direction of the dam, his hair bristling up on his back like a boar's mane, and his red eyes starting out of his skull with terror. As my gaze wandered from the dog tc the space behind, I thought that I shoulc have fallen to the earth in a fit, I was sc amazed and filled with dread. Between ole Ashton's house and the dam, a tall form shrouded in white from head to foot, stooc silently under the full glare of the moon. For some seconds I was unable to movt hand or foot, I felt so overcome with super- stitious terror. The dog, at length, uttered a loud pro- longed howl, and crept between my legs. ] looked up again ; yes, there was the figure motionless as a statue. It was the outlini of a female-I could see that-and the firs thought in my excited brain was, that thi Cold still shade, ghost, or apparition, wa: none other than the unhappy spirit of Mar; Ashton's mother." Fred Crofton paused and wiped his heate< face with his handkerchief. " I need not tell you, comrades, that I hav seen some strange things in my day. In th Crimea I have helped to bury hundreds n dead men, and in the night too ; but BUC! work did not seem half so terrible as standini in the midst of that wide lonely diggings within a short disance of that horrible lookinj shadow, which seemed to turn ever and ano: and gibber at me. I would have given hundred guineas at that moment to have beei safe within my hut, but I had no power t move-none ; I was as helpless as a baby By degrees, however, I became more com posed. I drew my broad-leafed hat dowi over my eyes to shut out the dreaded vision and began to reflect what I should do. Ever ghost-story I had ever read or heard, passe through my mind in quick succession as stood cogitating. Probably, if I had nc heard the frightful story relative to Mn Ashton, I should have gone boldly forwarc and spoken to this thing, whatever it migfc be, the moment I had first discovered it. As my courage returned, I felt a stron desire to draw near and ask this drea visitant what it wanted ; then an idea flashe aeross me that I would fry the dog firs The brave, sagacious brute had always bee ready at my call to face anything. I looked up again ; the figure had le the spot where 1 had seen it first, and w¡ moving now towards the dam : it did n< walk as a mortal would, but seemed to glic over the surface of the ground like a thic vapour. I made a few paces forward and er couraged on the dog. ' Ho, Ranter Î sei; it ! ho, boy ! soo-ool it ! ' The game bru Bprang forward with a hoarse bark, and wit hair and tail erect, made off towards tl ghost. But he had not proceeded fifty pac before he halted, then- wheeling about, tl brute came scampering back complete' cowed. I gave Ranter an energetic kick ; th< pulling my hat over my face I started towal where I observed the apparition. Although I had screwed my courage the sticking point, I felt my hair lifting n hat from off my head. I also felt as if son unseen hands were pouring several bucke of cold water down my back, yet I pursui my course steadily, my eyes cast on tl ground. When I arrived at the spot atwhicl judged the figure was standing, I raised n eyes ; but, lo ! it was not there. On the hi| embankment of the dam it stood swaying and fro, and seeming to beckon me with its transparent hands. It was a terrible moment ; but I- was now fairly on my mettle: shutting my teeth hard I strode onward toward the dam, every fibre in my body quivering with excitement." " Are the men all presènt here ? " cried a gruff voice, and immediately the bearded visage of the orderly sergeant protruded itself through the door of the tent. Several of the men, who had been listening with mouths agape at the old soldier's story, leaped suddenly to their feet, in alarm, at the unexpected voice of the worthy non-com- missioned officer. One tall, raw-boned fellow, a blacksmith, residing not above twenty miles from Surry Hills, nearly broke the tent pole with his cranium. " Bad manners to ye for a villian," ex- claimed he, angrily, to the sergeant, ' ' couldn't ye give us notice that ye wor conimin' ? an not frighten the life out of people. Musha, its a nate turnip I've got on my skull through ye anyhow, an' tomorrow's gineral's prade, and me not able to get my shako on." " Order men. keep order, if you please. Attention ! proceed Crofton, old fellow." The narrator continued. " There are times in a man's life, comrades, when he feels irresistibly drawn away against his reason and judgment. I felt this my case as I approached that horrid water-hole ; there stood the figure in white, looking down at me from the embankment. I could see its face as plain as I now see yours. I got within a dozen paces of it, and bracing myself up, I ejaculated, * In the name of all that is holy, what, and who are you ? ' The figure, after gazing at me a moment, burst out into a loud ringing laugh that had nothing of the ghost about it. If my sur- prise was great before, it was trebled on hearing the merry guffaw repeated a moment afterwards, and the same voice exclaim in a bantering tone, ' Goodness gracious, Mr. Crofton, what do you mean following me about in this manner? Can't a poor lady look for her brute of a husband without having dogs set at her, and single men a following her at this time of night ? ' "Who the deuce are you, I asked, in a gruff voice, feeling at the same time a vast amount of relief? ' La ! don't you know Mrs. Watson as keeps the store down the road?' she answered, at the same time indulging in ' another hearty expression of mirth? "Tunder an ages, then it wasn't a rale live ghosht afther all ? " exclaimed the black- smith, with.an incredulous look." "No, my lad-no more a ghost than you are. It was only the storekeeper's wife look- ing for her intemperate spouse. The good soul taking alarm at the late- ness, of the hour, and the absence of her husband, had come hurriedly forth to look for him, fancyng that the,tipsy rascal might have fallen into one or other of the many holes around. She had carlessly thrown the skirt of her dress, which was lined with white calico, over her head, and this together with her under-garment of the same colour, gave her the appearance of what I at first supposed j her-Mrs. Ashton's Ghost. 