THE SPIRITISTS OITT DONE. The London correspondent of the Birming ham Post writes as follows:—If any -devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should nmk-e a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace afc Sydenham. There are two mediums there, Mr Maskelene and Mr Cooke, who have great qualifications for astounding them They grea'ly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance, walking stick's converse, 7wrcaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favorites of tlie spirits ; a lady floats in the air not in a dark seance but in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding each other's hands, like so many idiots, but sit at liberty, with powerful opera classes in Jheir hands, are invited 0:1 the stage, and sit there during the performance—" manifesta tions," I oughtto say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated, so that persons , can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on the stage who can watch behind )t. The floor below it is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap-door impossible, and chere are no possible mean9"by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation ,* yet a man enters the bos, his logs are locked iq heavy wooden stocks ; when the door is opeued the man 13 gone, and no one can conceive isi what way he has disappeared. He returns to his box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic proc.ivities. He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one.King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened ; and although a distinguished ^Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a -very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the bodv of the meeting, yet neither could discover how the disappearances came about. Whether the goriila ate the butcher, |or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or iwhether both ate each other, no body «as able to say, or to suggest in what possible manner they could have disappeared. The Maskelene and Cooke spirits excel all others that have ever trouhled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like spirits who bad lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirits disappear with velo city. For a long time the Spiritists have been so they say, getting the better of this world, hut now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr Maskelene and Mr Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in wonder n.nd adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs Maskelene and Coske would have been fire and faggot. 