NEW ZEALAND. THE CHURCH IN WELLINGTOX. On Saturday, l.jbn. September, the solemn reception of two young ladies, the Misses Green and M'Evoy, of Greymouth, into the Order of Mercy, took place in the Cathedral at Welling ton, which was densely crowded with the elite of the city and suburbs. His Lordship Bishop Moran officiated and preached : the Marist Fathers of the Cathedral assisted. On Sunday, the Feast of the Holy Name of Mary was observed at St. Mary's Cathedral with more than the ordinary solemnity. At 7.30 a.m., over forty little children, under the care of Fathers Petit-Jean and Cummins, had the happiness of receiving their first communion. At 11 a.m. there waB a grand Pontifical High Mass — Bishop Moran, celebrant ; Father Petit Jean, assistant priest ; Father Cummins, deacon ; and Father M'Coy, sub-deacon. After Mass, His Lordship, seated in a jewelled mitre and a cope of gold, preached a most appro priate and instructive sermon on the great sacra ment he was about to administer ; he then con firmed those children who had made their first communion in the morning, together wich seve ral adults. At 3 p.m. his Lordship, accompanied by the Rev. Fathers Petit-Jean and M'Caughey, were conveyed iu a carriage to Boulcott- street, the site of the new church ahout to be erected by Very Rev. Father O'Reilly, under the invoca tion of our Lady of the Angels. His Lordship, on leaving his carriage, was met by the Rev. Father CumminB and a long procession of chil dren in white, the newly confirmed, the Convent schools, the Sisters of Mercy, the Catholio Young Men's Society in regalia, &c.; They were received by Father O'Reilly in the tem porary chapel, whence they proceeded to the cross erected by his Lordship the preceding evening on the site. After the usual prelimi naries, the ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation stone was gone through in stiict con formity with the Roman ritaal. In the evening after the sermon, a most touching scene pre sented itself. All the children newly confirmed, and who had been to first communion that morning, now knelt around the altar with lighted tapers in their right hands ; then in audible voices they repeated all together with the Bishop the renewal of their baptismal vows. brought to a close by the solemn benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament. — The Protestants of Wellington, some members of the Education Board excepted, have set a noble, generous, and liberal example. — The Sisters of Mercy are about to erect a new convent and high-school, and also a free school, on a new site given them by Father O'Reilly and .Bishop Moran. The Wel lington Protestants alone have given them over £100 voluntary subscriptions towards it. EDUCATION. The Most Rev. Dr. Moran delivered a most able and interesting lecture on education, at St. Mary's Cathedral, Wellington, on Sunday 21 &t; September. There was a very numerous auditory, including many members of both Houses of Parliament and visitors of the Protestant denominations. His Lordship com menced by stating that though he had lectured on the Bame subject on the previous Sunday, several arguments had been stated since in Parliament and elsewhere which required answering. He then proceeded to review the arguments in a clear, logical manner, and to rebut them. In reply to the argument that religious teaching had done nothing for the world, his Lordship pointed to the fact that civilization and literature were due to the Catholic Church, and in reply to another argu ment that the proper place for religious instruc tion was at the mother's knee, he showed that many parents were debarred by ignorance, by the hardship of labour, aud other causes from imparting religious instruction to their children. He also pointed out that in insisting upon religious instruction in the schools, Catholics . were only acting in accordance with their J religious principles, as they were convinced that , a purely secular system of education was a ? godless system. I HANDSOME DONATION. F. A. Weld, Esq., who in 1865 occupied the position of Premier in New Zealand, but who is now Governor of Western Australia, has lately forwarded a cheque for £15 to the Rev. J. J. P. O'Reilly, as a donation to assist iu the erection of a Catholic Church, at Te Aro, Wellington. Auckland. — Admiral Roussain, accompanied by his aide-decamp and the Commander of the French frigate At al ante, paid an official visit on Tuesday to the Right Rev. Dr. Croke, Roman Catholic Bishop of Auckland. The party were conducted by Mr. D. Cruickshank, vice-consul of France. After a cordial reception at the Bishop's palace, the party inspected the convent and the nunnery schools. His Lordship returned the visit yesterday, accompanied by , the Rev. Fathers M 'Donald, Dilworth, O'Dwyer, : ana ±ioran. xney were convey ea on ooara in ? the Admiral's gig. The fine ship was inspected j and the party were well received on board. A j salute ot seven guns was tired when the Bishop left the ship. The chaplain of the Atalante has also visited the Bishop and schools. — Evening Star, October 2. An Extinguisher. — Forward and Loqua cious Youth — 'By Jove, you know, upon my word now — if I were to see a ghost, you know, I should be a chattering idiot for the rest of my life!' Ingenuous Maiden (dreamily) — 'Have you seen a ghost.' — Punch. The sad-looking young men whom one occa sionally meets in the street are not consumptive, are not mourning the loss of a friend, and are not divinity students. They are ' breaking-in' fcifht boots. Another Grievance you Them.- -One pro fession is safe from the invasion of wopaau. She may enter the army, but it is impossible that she can man the navy. — Punch. A maiden speech— 'Ask papa.' 