SEK£CTED POETftT. • The Travellers Hymn. Bein£ an adaptation of Arndt's poem: " Was ist des Ijeiitsuhen Vateriand V") Where is the Christian's Fatherland ? fs it the Holy Hebrew Land? In Nazareth's vale, or Zion steep, Or hy the Galilean deoji Where pilgrim hosts have rushed to lave Their stains of sin in Jordan's »vave, Or sought to win l»y brand or blade, The tomb wherein their Lord was laid ? Where is the Christian's Fatherland ? Is it the haunted Grecian strand, Where Apostolic wanderers first. The yoke of-Jewish bondage burst ? Or where on many a mystic page, Byzantine prelate, Coptic sage, Fondly essay'd to intertwine Earth's shadows with the Light Divine? Or is the Christian's Fatherland, Where -with crown'd head and crojder'dhond, •The ghost of empire proudly flits, And on the grave of Cicsar sits ? Or by those world-embracing walls, Or in those vast and pictur'd halls, Or underneath that soaring doem, Shall this not be the Christian's home? Where is the Christian's Fatherland? He still looks on from land to land— Is it where German conscience woke, When Lutlier'r lips of thunder spoke? Or where by Zurich's shore was heard The calm Helvetian's earnest word ? Or where, beside the rushing Rhone, Stern Calvin rear'd his unseen throne ? Or where from Sweden's snows came forth The stainless hero of the North ? Or is there yet a closer band— Our own, our native Fatherland ? Where law and freedom side-by-side 111 Heaven's behalf have gladly vied ? Where prayer and praise for years have rung In Shakes re's accents, Milton's tongue, Blessing w cadence sweet and grave The fireside nook, the ocean wave. And o'er the broad Atlantic huii'd, Wafco-iiirg- to life another world? No, Christian ! 110 - -not even here, By Christinas hearth or churchyard dear Xor yet on distant shores brought ni^li Uv martyr's blood or prophet's cry— Nor Western pontiff's lordly name Xor Ku»tcm patriarch's hoary fame— Xor e'en where shone sweet Bethlehem's star : Thy Fatherland is wider far. Thy native home is wheresoe'er Christ's Spirit breathes :i holier air; Where Christ-like faith is keen to seek— What truth or conscience freely speak— Where Christ- like love delights to span The rents that serer man from man— Where ronnd God's throne His just ones stand— There, Christian, is thy FATHERLAND. 