NEWS AND NOTES. The nomination of candidates for the Board of Advice for the school district of Sebastopol closed on Monday afternoon. Eighteen candidates were nomi nated, and there would have been several more only for the want of punctuality on the part of intending candidates, two or three of whom. arrived at the local Town-hall shortly after four o’clock.' The following are the names of the candidates nominated:—Fredk. William Tatbam, . Richard Main,, Donald Murray Coghill, William Hedges, Joseph'Henry Ellsworth, Thomas Ferguson, John Whittaker, Isaac Williams, Christoph Luth, James Leckie,'junior, Ellis Richards, John Morris, James W. Hunter, William Bushall, William Gates, Rev. John M'Cutcheon,. Thomas S. Jones, David Hughes. A.poll of the ratepayers will betaken on the 12 th instant, atdhe, Town-hall, SebastopoL ... , ; ; The notice calling for applications for the office of city- poundkeeper has resulted : in.an immense number of letters being sent to the' council from really all sorts and conditions of men/ ■' In consequence of 'the. meeting of the. City Council; lapsing, the appointment' will not be made until Monday next. , '. On Saturday -night, between eleven rand twelve o'clock, the store and premises of Mr Johnston Wilson,- Happy Valley, were burned to the ground. Mr Wilson had, it seems, been in the store, and he turned down the ,wick in a large kerosene lamp that hung in the centre of the store, and then y/ent to the stable.to deed thej horse for the night. Mrs Wilson and the children'were in bed at.the time. ":The female ser vant observing a glare of light in the store rah out and. gave the alarm, whereupon Mr-Wilson hastened to the store, and seeing the lamp, blazing he pulled it down. • The flame reached- the'ceiling and ,'soon spread. -Mr.Wilson then ran into, the bedrooms to, get outhis wife and... children. - The flames spread so rapidly that the children could scarcely be saved, and it is stated that the servant, in rescuing one of the children, was obliged to force her way out of a window sluld / ;;In a few/minutes the whole premises iwure'Si avolume.of glare of the confla-' 'gratiou lighting-up the surrounding district for a wide ; Scarcely ■ anything cobid be, saved. It "was; /with the greatest difficulty,that the horse was got out | {of thbbtable, the door ofiwhichTwas facing the raging? stated .that:"Mr’ - had not save either boohs, money, or-any Mother valuables in the building. He thinks'that.-He must have turned 'the wick'down too far in-the-lamp, and-that., tho, ’burning portion of the wick ignited the oil.’lt seems , was insured in the Imperial Insurance ,£OOl \- mates _.his. loss at between I £7OO and £BOO. hluchsympathy is felt for Mr Wilsoni and his family. - - .1,/:,,//,;/;/■ . ( 1 An inquest was held fit Clones, ; bn Monday, bn the body of Daniel/. Harley. the Claries? Consols claim,-who was killecL.botween three and four? jo’clook on'Sunday mormng^Mjy J ah J accidehtal fall down' 'lhe's£ep3o£ ! :.';- , ! . : i: „ , ! James Joneson writes hoping some of our engineer ing readers will,tell,him “What causes steam-engines to prime, and is there more' than’ bnb . reason for so doing?” • .1 •? / . We hear that Mr J. J.Sauer, merchant. Hard Hills, intends to stand for the? vacancy .in {the west riding of caused by the death of Mr Prater, The usual meeting of the City Council- lapsed oh j Monday from-the 'want of a quorum; ; At. half-past ,three o’clock. Councillors South,Cowan, and M'Db'wall •were the only .members' present, And the' ; meeting was adjourned tonext Monday. !:Couuoillor,Williama‘had been in' attendance,' 'and ‘Councillor rived, afew : nunutes tbolate.: {{' - ! ■ .- .) ' Elsewhere is ■ an account of a voyage of'a; Chinese /passenger'ship hence, to'China, andthe catching of a. shark, inside of which was found one of Sands and M’Dougall’s almanacs. / .The/Water Commission will meet, on Wednesday evening/?, /The; .following' is' the •' notice of-the day—l. To consider draft'of' the first yearly report (postponed from last meeting). : 2. To consider -Mr Bagge’s further -report oh- the .Mporabpol scheme (postponed from last meeting).- . 3. To consider, re port of the ’ works committee/ on’the Hollowing:— Ist, frontage to Wendouree; . 2nd, as . to planting;- 3rd, , as- to stand - pipes., . Notice of motion by Commissioner Baird—“ That' immediate steps be taken to obtain the permanent reservation of the. Moorabool Reserve for water-supply purposes, in' accordance with the recommendation contained in’ clause 21 of Mr Gordon’s report.” ■ .; v. ' ■' The ordinary monthly meeting .of the Ballarat Fire -Brigade was held.onJSlonday.,.evening K „Captain Franz in the chair. There was a full attendance of mem-' hers. The correspondence included a letter from John Sharwood, making a donation to .the funds of the brigade of 18s, which was received with thanks. Finance.—The following accounts were passed for pay ment: —John Noonan, 19s; Geo. Johnson, £1 4s; C. Franz, expenses to Melbourne, £4; C. Franz, torches, £3 15s; W. Fearey, 10s 6d; T. Jenkins, £1 6s 9d; W. T. Burrqwes, £l2; W. Draper, £1 12s; J. Loogstaff, 9s; J. Sharjvobd.’jeiil Is 6d;'. pab-hire,'loa; R. Morgan, 16s; Evening Post/i£X .is; S.'-Matthews, £1; J. H. Fyfe, .‘£4 4s; A;;-Carmichael,;£4 15s; .Goddard,, £l. Gencrarßusiness. The secretary was ! instructed to make enquiries as to.the health , of Mr J. Donovan, injured at the date demonstration in Melbourne. Votesbf thanks'were passed to Superintendent Hoad,, of the Melbourne Fire Brigade;’ Mr Sullivan;'secretary of the demonstration committee; Captain Connolly, Brbadberi t Bros., -Mr Burrowes, and others,' for various acts performed by them in .-'carrying 'out the'demon stratioh to -a successful; issue/,-., Mr Geo/ Nott.-.was elected a past member; Mr Joseph James was elected a hew member. : : A motion;to present .the late secre tary, Mr Richard: Geilhofer, . with £lO, in recognition of his services;as secretary during,.the ;last four •'or five years,/, was (negatived. /; Nominations for the fol lowing: offices were received, the-ballot for the same to take place at the next monthly meeting:--Captain, lieutenant, secretary, treasurer, hose-officer, apparatus officer. Messrs Laidlaw and Liddell were elected auditors, and the meeting then adjourned. The anniversary tea and public meetings in con nection with the Barkly street Wesleyan Church were I held on Monday evening, the former in the school room, andthe latter in the church. Between 200 and 300 partook of tea, whiclr wioi tatered foF by Mr Ward, of Victoria street, in his best manner. The church was well filled oh the occasion of the public meeting, which was presided over by the Rev. Jpseph- Waterhoiise; The treasurer in.his" firiancial statement reported the receipts for the year to amount to“£210. 165.8d, made up by the proceeds from thelostarini versary'iiO 5s lld, pew rents £162,18s 10d; and bal ance from last . year £7 12s ,9d.'. Tho expenditure amounted to £l5l 19s Id, rind a balance of £5B 17s 7d was left in the harids of the treasurer. The debt on the church amounted to £650. It was . stated at the meeting: that the church committee-intended re placing the present schoolroom, which was anything but comfortable, and more ■ accommodation was requi site. for the largo number ~of children, 500, who attended the Sabbath-school/ ■ Addresses were deli vered by. the Revs. J. Horsley, G. B. Robin, and John Egglestone, and several gentlemen. It was reported that £54 13s 6d had been collected towards the fund for building the new Sabbath-school; and the proceeds from the .anniversary services, held on Sunday last, which were to be devoted to the same fund, amounted to £l2 12s lid. During the evening the choir, which is certainly a formidable one and possesses several excellent vocalists, under tho cdnductorship. of Mr Jas. Uren and Mr R. Kent, rendered several anthems with credit. . A.collection in aid of the school fund was made, and vote.s of thanks to the ladies for pre siding at the tea ’ tables, the speakers, and tho choir were given, and the meeting was brought to a termi nation in the usual manner. There will be' lively times in Maryborough for awhile. The Standard, a new paper, has appeared, aud accuses the Advertiser of spreading the doctrines of “free love”'and “ modern spiritism,” The Adver tiser retorts thus:—“ We shall mol this lie to the counter with just as little pity as we should any other bit of counterfeit coin put into circulation by a literary smasher.” We learn that diphtheria is very prevalent, with severe colds, .among the children at Durhapa Lead. Mr Price buried'one of his children on Saturday last, and'we learnthat the young girl who was brought in to the hospital here, and refused admittance, died' on Saturday night. Others of the same family are suf -fering from the disease, and several fresh cases ap peared on Saturday and Sunday. ■ . ■ ThaEendigo Advertiser omitted, as we also did in copying, mention of the fact that the late Mr James Henderson, or the Advertiser, was at one time pro-, prietor of the ’Balfarat Tinies. 1 Yesterday being Whit Monday, and a great holiday with the Germans, our German fellow-townsmen held a ball at the Good Templars’-HalU in the evening, under the auspices of the Ballarat Deutscher Verein, when about 'Eighty couples attended. Schrader’s, band of four performers supplied the music. Mr Reid, of the New York Bakery, was the caterer at supper. Dancing was kept up with spirit till after "midnight. . The Sandhurst ,City Council has written to the Bal larat City Council, asking co- operation in endeavoring to obtain the resumption of running Sunday trains on the government lines of railway. An inquest was held at the hospital on Monday on' tho body of Thos;, Came,{who died on Sunday from injuries received by falling, (down a jump-up in the No. 2 shaft of the Band of Hope and Albion Consols - Company’s mine. ; A miner named John Joseph' For tune,: who was going down the ladders with the de ceased, gave evidence to the effect that the deceased went on to the ladder quickly with his billy-can in one hand and a lighted candle in the other, and after going ten or twelve feet , the .deceased' tell off. The ladder was of the ordinary kind and quite right. A miner named Alfred Simpson considered the ladder , perfectly safe. Surgeon' Kerr said that the cause of the deceased’s death was' shock to the nervous system and concussion of the brain. The jury returned a verdict to .that effect, arid-found that the ladder was quite right and safe. ’■ ,{{ \- The committee of • the -Ballarat iTurf Club paid a ’ very high compliment to Mr. Ciibborn on'his resigna tion of office as secretary of- the'club. Members of the committee were unanimous in expressing their appre ciation of the good judgment and energy displayed by Mr Ciibborn, ; and stated that they greatly regretted his departure for Sydney.' One member of the com mittee; in speaking ■ of the matter, remarked, “We said everything complimentary we could to him, and I Only hope we shall get as good a secretary in his successor, whoever he may be.” By tbe mail we have received a London edition, of , Mrs O’Connor’s poem, “Ich ;Dien.”. .It is well printed, though not so well as-the Victorian edition, and neatly - bound, - The publishers are Moxbn and Son, Doverstreet. . “A Ratepayer .” writes to say that he is of opinion ; that the'Governor’s ball will leave a loss, which the ratepayers will have to make good. We presume that -a financial statement will appear in due time. . K At the City Police-court on Monday; ,t\vo persons were dealt with for being drunk and disorderly. Wm. Smith, alias Crawford, and Wm. Jones, were remanded till to- day an a charge of breaking into the shop of James VVard, Sturt • street, and stealing a quantity of beef and bacOn. Qeo/ Qibaori, a young man, who gave himself up. to the police bn Saturday night because ■ he had no money and no friends,..was . bharged with having no visible lawful means of 'support, but upon begging to be allowed to go away he ?was discharged. Mr Gaunt, P.M., was on the bench. Amongst the passengers for Melbourne by the Ban galore .were Sir James Fergusson, .Bark/ Governor of New Zealand, and Lady Fergusson;- Mr, Samuel Bright, of Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Cos., of Liverpool; Mr John Connell, of Messrs Connell, Watson, and Ho garth; and Mrlßerghoff, ,oL Messrii ‘Berghoff and t there have also; arrived some ften Persians, who haverome here under the ausp’ces ;'6f Mr W.-E. Parsons, to; break in horses for India. i-Amongstlthe passengers i for, Sydney? \vere the Right Rev. Ur Murray, and Captain Monro, superintendent AiS.N. .Company’a works .at Sydney. We (Perth Inquirer), are'iriforined that Sir John Goode has.. recommended that our jarrah timber should" be used for-.the.construction_of„the .extensive., jetties and wharfs in connection with the breakwater at Colombo. We have also been informed that the .directors .Of Timber Company have determined to publish a Mr H. E. Victor, C.E.,*containing all the information ithat.can be. collected regarding the .character and pro perties’ of jarrah'timber. - We hope, thcdfhis. measure may eventually' lead to a resuscitation. of the;timber trade, which:?noW"appears collapsed.,r It ; might be worth the consideration o.fhisExcellency the Governor to, render all toe assistance-ha.could afford to ; , private enterprise in this truly important industry, by officially i drawing]the attentionef the-governments of-neigh; , boring colonies and India to the fact .that the supply of first-class timber of- undoubted quality is inex- t haustible, and, moreover, can be supplied very -cheap. Such a.document,] ] emanating’ from, the .-head of the Government of the colony,’ would,-carry, -conaderable weight;' ■ '.---r.--;; i. ; Copies-of the Chief-Secretary’s speech.on the Elec toral Billjjvith/tables .qf the., new .electorates, have been sent to us, and.oan be had for the trouble of ask ing byanyone'who wishes'to'haye a'copy.-.-, In the paragraph in Monday’s Star, relative to.-the Pioneers’ Roll, the printers put forward - the’hands of the clock'from 1830 to 1836, the year 1830 being that in which Mr Chettle arrived in : the colony. . .. , The .following is the beginning of over a four-column report in the M. and D. Advertiser:— The Will of God. enlarged hall of the Golden Age hotel was crowded on]]the afternoon .of Suadaylast' by-persons assembled to hear a lecture entitled as above, delivered by Master Charles Smithy-of-Melbourne. In a few introductory words his,father, stated that the] lecture -had-been given to his. sohhy the Most High, just; as of old, lie spoke to . and through the- child-Samuel; adding that.this was not mentioned ,to excite either the wonder.or. the admiration of the audience, since the instrument was nothing' while the Father was, all in ill; but to show the source and origin of the-lec ture; of which we subjoin a fall men are) but as. plants; and os the shrub cannot grow without the-water and-tho air, the light and the sun shine,’ ’men’ cannot be- beautiful, cannot live,-if--they have not tlie Father’slove." It isto ; them that winch giveth.life, which, nourishes them, as do all] the .beau tiful gifts which the Father,ever pours upon all around us. When men walk in their own strength, refusing, the Father’s gifts and disobeying His pure and perfect laws, they walk in darkness and in misery. They have diseases, they are ever ruining themselves, physi cally and mentally, for they attempt to walk, without that which is indispensable to them. All men-]ore nqwwaikingin misery, for they daily and hourly re ject the love of the Father." The.Aryus says his Excellency is to be invited to visit. Geelong after, he has seen. Sandhurst, which stands next on the list.. ' • Ugly rumors are afloat in Melbourne about the late; prize designs and the awards made; or to.bo made. The Age says—“ Had these plana -been exhibited, we should have been able in a" moment to test the truth ■ .or untruth of a statement, for the truth of which we cannot vouch, but which has obtained wide currency, to the effect that the working dirt of the prize design for the Government offices would bury, a large portion of the newly-formed. Treasury Gardens beneath an enormous embankment.” ; -The Castlemaniacs have hot yet given up the ghosts. The Harbinger of Light says—-“ Mr P.’is' now. experi menting in a systematic manner, admitting only one' or two visitors at a sitting.” This is wise, especially if the one or two be .not scoffers. There is; success already, for “ a beautiful tenor” has been.heard in the air, a]washhand basin, a leg of. mutton, a hat, and an American clock,-have been, brought in by the ghosts. The mutton was dropped-into a mining agent’s hand, and :the hat was dropped on its owner’s head, “ causing ] some] trepidation.” .If .the ghosts were honest ghosts they would, we may surmise, drop their legs of mutton- into the laps of hungry poor people, . and not give them to well-fed mining agents. * ' For,the.future..(says, the, Argus) Mr Hodgkinson will have the ; chief .charge of the whole of the parks and,public gardens round Melbourne, with the,.title, of inspector-general. Baron von Mueller will' cease - to have anything to do with the Botanical' gardens, although, of course, any experiments he may desire to make in the way of acclimatisation or. otherwise; will be carried out at his request. He will be removed to a more ’ congenial sphere. He is 'to be appointed Government botanist, and Government botanical lec turer at the University. His present salary- is £6lO per annum. This will be increased to £Boo,' but’ ho will have to vacate the house he now occupies at the gardens. and there .will beeuo allowance for forage. ’ There will, however, be’an allowance of £3OO per; annum for an amanuensis'and for the cost of collecting new plants. The Botanical garden's will be made what they should be, and will, cease to be a disgrace to the city and colony. - -i - -v. The Telegraph says the Melbourne Society of Archi tects has under consideration a proposal that the council of the association should prepare a rule defining the terms on which the members-, of. the association should enter into competition, a compliance with such conditions to be a sine qua non so far as concerned its members. . . The Pastoral Times estimates the fall of lambs for this season at 20 millions, of which'three-fourths will be in Riveriua. ,-’]. , ; The Rev. A. Robertson, of Melbourne, is a man in advance of his creed. The Age says that, in a sermon at the West Melbourne Presbyterian Church on Sun day evening, he said, with reference to the marriage with a deceased wife’s sister law:—“ All that is sought for is simply this, that the church shall not insist upon a rigid uniformity of opinion on this question, and that it shall not be .a sine qua non condition either of entrance into the shurch or of continuance in its, ministry or membership, that every one must hold the belief that such marriages are contrary to the Word of God, and that those who celebrate and those who contract them must be subjected to church dis cipline. Such an exclusive course of procedure as that which many appear, to advocate would prove the ruin of the Presbyterian Church, at least in its present compact form.” \- His’ Excellency Sir James Fergusson, Bart., the Governor of New Zealand, with. Uady Fergusson,' ar rived here from England en route for Now Zealand, on Saturday night, in the R.M.S.S. Bangalore. The Argus says:—'“ Sir James and. Lady Fergusson were welcomed on their arrival by Captain Pitt, oh behalf of his Excellency Sir Geo. F. Bowen and Lady Bowen, whose carriage was in waiting at Sandridge to take Sir Jamies and Lady Fergusson to Toorak. Sir James, ■ we learn, will leave Melbourne for New Zealand on Thursday, in the s.s. Albion.” The Times states that from a return printed on the 17th April, the population of England, ■ according to the census of 1871 was 22,701,108. The poor-rates in the year ending Lady-day, 1871, were £7,886,72-1, and, in the following year £8,007,403. The difference be tween-1872-and 1871 was £120,079; and the difference per cent, was I*s. . Messrs C. A. C. Creswell and E. R. Pope; of Clunes, have-been appointed - commissioners of the Supreme- Court for taking affidavits. ‘ - The Gazette contains the new land regulations. Warrnambool goes a. gold : mining. : - The Standard says that a mining company, chiefly composed of Warrnambool shareholders, has recently, been formed, named the “Bulußuln Extended Gold Mining Com pany, Stockyard Creek,” Gippsland. . -Referring, to; the position of the tributors in the jumped mines at, Stawell, the Hews says very per tinently:—“ In Cornwall, where the tribute system has been in vogue for an indefinite term, the right of the tributor is always held sacred, no matter what law proceedings may arise during their term between per sons disputing about the title to the mine. This onlv. seems fair. ■ It is manifestly, unjust that any party of working men who have spent several months’ labor in developing a mine, should lose the benefit of their, work and. outlay in consequence of a dispute about title. ..Whoever wins the day, they are entitled to,the, full benefits of the bargain that has been entered into for the mutual' benefit of the owners of the ground and themselves.” ' 1 - T - Oneof the first residents at Avoca, Mr Aaron Dodd, has died at near 70. The Free Press describes bim as “ a genial, kind, game old man.” jOhiarini’s Italian Circus was fairly, attended, last night, when a new programme was presented” which' was in many respects superior to previous ones, and contained some very clever feats that were novelties to Ballarat. All the acrobats of the company throw 1 somersaults over a -number of horses. .- Mr Holland performs ..that feat over ten horses, and Messrs Gonzales ..and Rowland throw a double somersault over five horses. The highly trained] horse Garibaldi •* 3 a nd independent of his performances is well worth seeing. “ Le Concerte Diabolique ” by the Cario Brothers .is very surprising. -There’ are three of them,‘each playing a violin and 'going through all kinds of acrobatic, feats at the same time. A grand double act by Senbrita Belen Cuba and Miss Bridges is a very_ clever and graceful performance, .and elicited well-mented applause.' The evolutions performed by the horse Silva-are astonishing, and show to what per fection a horse can be trained under an efficient master. The graceful.ahd daring riding of Miss Kate Holloway on this horse was received with applause. The entertainment was brought to a close with the laughable dwarf’s dance by the Brothers Carlo, Row land, ah& Worland. This performance caused much merriment. Mr Howland, the clown, kept the house in t oad humor during the evening both by his jokes and good tumbling. To-night is the last but two, and those who have not seen this clever company should do so before they leave. An afternoon performance will be given to-morrow (Wednesday). Our advertising columns announce the usual Tues day evening musical and literary entertainment, at _the Queen Victoria Lodge, No. 1, of the Australian "Order 61 Templare’ Hall, “to-night." - The programme is a liberal one, and we see that the choir is requested ■to be present at seven o'clock - ; for "the ordinary busi "ness'of the" lodger .. a ... Th e'Bmdiyo Advertiser says that the engine-drivers of eighteen companies had determined to strikebn Monday,f . Meahvyhile Some companies were discharg ing-association, men. - ~,. Our advertising columns contain a notice to holders of copies .of tlie petition to'the Water Commission. - 