SPIRITUALISM ,, Many sensible readers, we fear, will think we owe them some apology for opening our columns to a controversy on such a subject as Spiritualism and thus treating as an open or, debatable question what should rather be dismissed at once as either an imposture or a delusion; ',' But even an imposture may call for unmasking, and popular delusions, however absurd, are often too important to be neglected by the wiser portion of mankind. It is, we suppose, on these grounds we are told that " men of science" instead of treating Spiritualism with derision or contempt, ought to study its phenomena with impartial attention, and prepare themselves either to expose deceit or to acknowledge facts. On the other side, however, it is reasonably argued that before scientific men can be expected to investigate alleged phenomena, it must be shown that such phenomena are real enough and extraordinary enough to deserve enquiry. Thus, in fact, has arisen the question of " Spiritualism v. Science," under which heading we have allowed correspondents of all shades of belief, or disbelief, to rotate their experience or state their views. Is there really any case for scientific investigation in this matter ? Would it have been allowable, for instance, to ask Professor Faraday to come and verify for himself the manifestations of Spiritualism or would it have been an insult to invite him to any such absurdity 1 Is there, in reality, anything, as lawyers would say, to go to a jury with a Well, on the one hand we have abundance of alleged experience which can hardly be called evidence, and a few depositions of a more notable and impressive character. On the other hand, we have many accounts of convicted im- posters, and many authentic reports of precisely such disappointments or discoveries as we should be led to expect. What, however, is Spiritualism ? We ask that important question with little hope of getting a conclusive answer, for our readers will have seen during the last few days how very various are the impressions of Spiritualists themselves. Originally, no doubt, as the name itself implies, Spiritualism meant a certain dealing, through some mysterious agencies, with the spirits of the dead, which were summoned to communicate with the living. This is nothing but the old theory of ghosts and apparitions reduced to a kind of practice, by which Spirits, instead of appearing at their own discretion, are raised at will by the call of others. Probably the believers in Spiritualism as thus defined do not include many scientific men ; but other views of the matter have been placed before us. One correspondent is content to observe that he has witnessed phenomena which could not be attributed to any natural causes. Another expresses his conviction that certain phenomena are really due to the operation of a force hitherto unsuspected, but entering into the agencies of nature like any other force. As this is, perhaps, the least incredible of all the hypotheses, we may les well consider it first, especially as the reader of Lord Lytton's novels will recognise in is a familiar and almost attractive assumption. It is said, then, that the force of the human will, which can put the fingers of the hand in motion at pleasure, can occasionally and under certain circumstances be exerted beyond the limits of the body, and with such material effect as to move inanimate objects to an extent, at any rate, far exceeding the mechanical force employed. A number of persons, being duly gifted and in a proper state of "cerebration," might thus, we are told, put in motion a heavy dining-table and drive it over a considerable space. Now, we must avow that, for our own part, we do not believe the united with of all the nine hundred millions of the earth's population could over be made to move a single wine-glass ; but the possibility of such a force may be imagined with less outrage to reason than is involved in certain other Spiritualist theories, and can easily be brought to proof. On the other alleged phenomena of spiritualism was difficult to speak with even this amount of gravity. They are for the most part hibited under conditions either plainly suggestive of imposture or clearly consistent with delusion. Stipulations for a dark room, concerted arrangements of furniture, and a company predisposed by credulity to the reception of impressions are not terms likely to commend themselves to the students of physical science. The phenomena themselves, too, are mostly incompatible with any serious conception of Spiritual revelations, and, at the same time, exactly adapted to the purposes of human operators. Haps given under the table, chairs tossed about the room, strange noises, and mysterious movements have been the stock features of all such stories from the days of the Cock-lane Ghost to the present time. Such hicks are easily played and the manifestations are easily magnified by a credulous or imaginative mind. When we hear from witnesses neither imaginative nor credulous that they have really board or soon what they could not tell how to explain we may believe them without the least belief in the truth or reality of Spiritualism. Exactly the same things have been said of Indian jugglers or Egyptian magi- cians. When, again, we are told that spiritualism, having existed for forty yours must have a basis of truth, we can only reply that magic without the least basis of truth existed and was fully believed in for more than ten times that period. Its theory was perfectly simple, being founded on the belief, universally prevailing, that the elements were peopled with certain Spirits or superhuman natures which could, by the application of certain laws, be made to perform the bidder's will. Magical art consisted in the mastery of those laws, and the command consequently attained over the powers of the air, the earth, or the soul. The observance of certain forms, the burning of certain essences, and the utterance of certain words called the spirit or the "goods" to the presence of the performer, and it is curious to remark how elaborately the study must have been pursued. The Magician of Oriental tales bolero exercising his art invariably consults his " books," and sometimes spends days in the investigation. We laugh at such pretensions now, but they were neither ridiculous nor incredible in times when existence of the spirits concerned was never called in question. It was everywhere believed that nature endowed with more than human faculties were among the beings of the world, and from that conviction to the conception of an art by which they might be controlled the passage was easy. But this does not touch the essence of Spiritualistic pretensions. We are told earlier that spirits from the unseen world may be called to communicate with living lion and women, or that a force hitherto unknown may be exerted with material effect upon inanimate bodies and then we are asked why men of science will not apply themselves to the investigation of such claims. In the controversy which has been raised in our columns due allowance has, perhaps, not been made for the conditions of the problem ; but a sufficient answer to the demand for a scientific enquiry is that the proposals must come" in a less ambiguous' or objectionable shape. The " medium " must be content with any apartment offered for the purpose, with an unbelieving audience, and with conditions generally devised to prevent even the possibility of deception 'or misapprehension, The one player of " Psychic Force," must accept similar terms, which indeed, in his case, as there can be no " susceptibilities " involved, should be readily welcomed. We have been warned not to apply the measures of an exact or advanced science to discoveries possibly just dawning upon mankind, but that advice would boat only an ulterior stage of the enquiry We can- not be too sceptical, too scrutinising, or too precise in ascertaining facts, though it may be otherwise when we come to explanations. Let us first be positively assured that ii'Spivit'has been evoked, or that a dining-table has been moved by a motor effect of volition on the part of an operator. >. When the facts have been once established Science may be fairly called upon to consider their import Times, 