PRESENTATION CONVENT RECEPTION" OF A NOVICE. (Abrideed from the Launceston Examiner.)_ I THE ceremony of "Reception" or-taking the Whlto Veil, In connection with the Presentation Convent, took place on "Wedneiday, at the Ohuroh of tho Apostles. ThU being tho first ceremony of the kind at Launceston, & good deal of Interest was taken in the event, and a large congregation assembled on the oc- casion. Tickets of admiiaion'to the nara were paid for at ls eaoh, and to other parta of the ohuroh at 6 J, the receipts to bo appropriated to the oonvent building fand. The front seat waa reserved for the community of the oonvent, and the relations of tho young ladt about to take tho religions habit. Shortly before the ceremony commenced, the father and stater of the pos- tulant, Air. Boylson and 'Mils Boylson, of Bathurst Now South Wales, were escorted to their aeata. The required arrangements had bcon made by the aaoristan for the oonvenlenco cf the postulant, the Superiores» and ar Blatant, at tho chancel . Mr. A. Roper oonduoted I tba choir, - Misa Dowling presiding at toe organ 1 Several proota«lona tc ok plaae daring the proceedings which, in addition to the u'ual prayers and ceremonies comprised a sermon by the Most Rev. Bishop Mar phy, who also officiated as celebrant. At half-past tea the first procession moved from thi sacristy. A number of young ladies in bridal attlrt took part, and these alono exalted considerable admira tion ; there wore misses üllen and Cecily Murph] (little daughters of his worship th« Mayor nf Launces ton). Theresa Kennedy, Elizabeth Roper, Florance anc Gertruda Doolan, and Theresa Hadfield. The Missal Florence Doolan and E. Roper offlolated as acolytes, and the processional oross was borne by Miss Hadfield They were followed by tho altar boya, and then came the clergy- the Bevs. J, Hogan (Westbury), M O'Oallaghan (Longford), the Bishop, bearing hit pastoral crozier ; Revs. E. F. Walsh (Deloraine), and M. J. Beeohioor (Campbell Town), whe officiated ai deacon and sub deacon ; with thi Very Rev. Sean Butler and Kev. J. Fechan. After a brief intetval, tho "bridal angels," young ladiei before named, appeared, followed by the novice-e'eoi (Miss Mary Boylcon), a young lady, who was superblj attired in a white silk dress, trimmed with L'morioi lace, and a handsome white veil, with appropriate ornaments, the Revs. Superioress and Mother Assist- ant (sister and niece of Bishop Murphy), with thc nuns and noviciates of the convent, each bearing a wax candle. . The procession traversed the aisles, passing the choir, to the chancel, and then took their position, the bishop and clergy at tho altar, and the novice and attendant nuns tn front of the rails, the choir mean- while singing " O Gloriosa Vtrcinuni." \- The Bishop proceeded with the prayers, and having blessed tho candle, Incensed and sprinkled it, presented it to the postulant, saying, " Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light, as an emblem of the inward light, to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error; that, being illuminated with the light ci Divine wisdom, with tho fetvor cf the Hely Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the Church, who liveth and rolgneth with God the Father, in the unity of God the Holy Ghost, world without end." The 'Postulant ard Convent community having thea taken their seats, the Bishop entered the pulpit for the sermon. His Lordship took for his text Psalm xv., verse 5 (Douay version ) " The Lord is tho peitton of my inheritance and of my oap : It ls thou that wilt restore my inheritance to nie." At the close of the sermon lia lordship proceeded with tbe- ceremony. The Rev. Superioress having raised the postulant from herseat. she and the mother assistant conduoted her to tho rails, where the Bishop proposed th« questions : My child, what do you demand ? Tho mercy of God, tho holy habit of religion, the chaiity of the Order, and the society of the mather and Bisters, Is it with your free will and consent you demand the habit of religion ? Yes, my lord. The Bishop (to tba R?v. Snperioress) : Rev. Mother, have you ic quired into the other points necessary to bo known for those wbo enter into religion, and aro you fully satisBed ? ? Tho Bishop: My dear ohlld, har« ? you a firm inten- tion to persevere in religion to tho end of your life, and do yon think you have snfflolent strength to bear con- stantly tho street yoko of our Lord Jesus Christ, for the love and fear of God alone ? The Novios : Belying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hopo to be able to do so. The Bishop : What God has commenced in yon may he himself perfect. Kay the Lord banish from you the old man with his works. Tho postulant having responded to these prayors re- tired, passing along the aides, acoompaniod by the rev superioress and the Mother Assistant and other*, and afterwards to the plaoe appointed toohange her secular dress for tho religions habit ; the choir singing In exitu Israel dc JEgyplo, and tho Laúdate puers. Daring this time tho celebrant and other clergy remained aeated. Tho bishop then blessed and sprinkled the outer dress of the postulant, whiob had been previously placed by the sacristan, who took them to the poktulant His lordship also blessed and sprinkled the veil. On the return of tho novice-elect wearing her religious habit, tho choir sang the Quos est isla-" Who is she that oometh up from the desert, Honing with delights, lean- ing upon her beloved ? Thon ort all fair, my beloved, milch and beautiful. Como my BPOUSO, from Llbanua : come from liban ns ; come, thon shalt be crowned," The postulant, after the customary prayers, was pre- sented by the rev. Superioress with the olnoture (or girdle) and remaining part of the dreaa, the celebrant saying, " When thou wast younger, thou did'at gird thyself and dld'st walk whero thoa would'st; but when thou ahall ho old, another shall gird thee. In the name of tho Father, io." The Bishop afterwards conferred the name in religion of the novice. Sister Maty Agnes, «hen tho choir ohanted Regnum mundi; and the novice having been raised by the mother assistant retired a few paces from the rails and sung JErictavie cor mewn, verbum lonum; dico ego opera, mea regi ; the oboir re>pondlng Quem vidi quem amavi, tn quem credidi, quem dileri, ko. The Bishop iutoned Font Creator Spiritus, and after further prayers sprinkled tho novice with holy water, and the ceremony of embraolng the novice fol- lowed, oomruonolng with tho Hov Mother, and Includ- ing the rest of the nuns one after another; the choir chanting Ecce quam Bonum, followed by tho Deus Misereatur, and other psalms. The Episoopal benedic- tion was thon pronounced, tho oonoludlng proces- sion was" formed, and the ceremony terminated. A dejeuner was provided at tho convent for the I Bishop and clergy, and refreshments were also provided I for the ohoir, &o.; The aura of £19 10s was taken at the doors. 