LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OP A PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, NEW TOWN. A correspondent favors us with the follow ing:--The foundation stone of a Primitive Me thodist new Church, was laid at New Town, on Monday, August 11, by Mrs »T. Fargher, of Kadina. The weather during the day was somewhat cold, and seemed to threaten rain, yet when the hour arrived for the*perform ance of the ceremony, a considerable number of persons had assembled to witness the pro ceedings, and to express their sympathy with the undertaking. The building had already been commenced, and from the spirit display ed we judge the contractor, Mr Betts, and his men are disposed to push forward the work with all prudent speed. The want of bricks is causing some inconvenience to builders just now, the demand being far I greater than the supply. It is a pity that I men should be put out and their contracts jeopardised for the want of a few bricks. The urgent and repeated call for bricks when none can be had might be interpreted as a call for an additional brickmaker. If bricks can be obtained, and no unforeseen hindrance arise from other causes, no very long time will pass before the Church is finished and ready for use. The Rev. J. Graham opened the proceed ings by givingout a fcyinn, which was heartily sung by the people ; after which the Rev. C. Masterman, of Moonta, offered an appropri ate prayer, and after the singing of another hymn, read selected portions of' scripture suited to the occasion. A bottle containing a copy of the Wallaroo Times (our leading local paper), the Plans of all the Primitive Methodist Circuits in South Australia, and a paper containing the name of the lady by whom the stone was laid and the date, also the names and residences of the Trustees, the name of the contractor and tbose of the Circuit Ministers, was shewn. No -money was placed in the bottle, as those identified with this movement seemed to think that it wo .lid be better circulating among the people than hid away either about that building or any other. Mrs Fargher being called upon came boldly forward and very gracefully discharg ed the duty assigned to her, putting about the stone a good supply of mortar, and then bringing the mallet down with a very deci sive blow on each corner, declared it duly laid, in the name of the Father, Soa^ and Holy Ghost. - Before leaving the stone she placed upon it a handsome donation of £5 5s. A collection was then taken, the people placing their contributions on the stone, after which a short address was given by Mr Graham, and the doxology having been sung, and the benediction pronounced, the people dispersed. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Church, Kadina, presided over by Mr Graham. Very excel lent addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs Masterman and Kelly. The latter gentleman remarked that in his opinion the Primitive Methodists had taken a right step in undertaking the erection of the church, as | he bad been out to New Town to see a few I families belong to them (the Bible Christians) living out there, and he had found that a great many of the families at New Town were Primitive Methodists, and -that there were more people of that denomination than any other there. He thought the Primitives were right in going out there. We think so too. There are, we believe, many families at the place, all of whom, we are iuformed, are Primitive Methodists. The enjoyment of the meeting was greatly enhauced by the very excellent services of the choir. Votes of thanks were passed to the choir, the Rev. Mr. Kelly, and to Mrs Fargher, for the noble part she had taken in the services of the day, brought a very happy and successful meeting to a close. 