CRICKET. CRICKET GOSSIP. By Bat. There have been numerous inquiries of late as to when our men are going into practice forthe forthcoming intercolonial match, which takes place this year in Sydney, and the powers that be are accused of dilatoriness in the matter. The time for the playing of tho match is almost definitely fixed for the 27th of February. It will therefore bo seen that the anxiety which is expressed for our going at once into hard practice is not un called for, as the time left is barely four weeks for our men to get into working order together ; and we know full wcU that our opponents have been practising together for some time past. Lot us not forget, in the excitement of our popular enp matches, that we have, if not an absolute defeat to wipe out, a stain on our cricketing escutcheon, which must be erased by a victory over the men who greatly assisted to bring about tho latodefcat tho Victorian eleven suffercdin the combinationmateh. Can this desirable object be attained without some exertion cfli ourpart? Tho only answer' is, it canuot. Tho team, or say the fourteen from which the eleven will be finally chosen, should bb selected without delay, and practice three days a week to gether in order that «:ir champions, when tliey arrive on the convincing ground in New South Walo3, may work together like clock work, each man working in his place as though lie were b..ra to it. There is an idea prevalent that Victoria roll be poorly repre sented on account of sorni of tho old players not being able to get away, but I liavo a strong conviction that thoplovcn that go up will do the same good scruco that' the weak team did two year3 ago, and should Allan accompany the team the edds will be a I&ng; \ ray in our favor. Allan would like to go, but wishing to have his leave intact in order that ho may visit his friends in Gippa Larid,_ be is afraid of jeopardising hia holidays. Surely, on the occasion of a national p flair like this, a little influential interposition with the head of his department »..i5 Mraivnnui t.Vin difficulties. Gibson. it is said, will be unable to go ; and in that case of course, wo deplore a good man lost ; but at the same time his post can bo well filled by either Cooper, Boyle, or little Elliot. The last-named has proved himself to bo as smart as needles behind the sticks, and should his weakness in batting bo thought sufficient to counterbalance his efficiency as a wicket- keopor, then Boyle or Cooper must forthwith commonco to practice the duties of this im portant position. As both these players will, in all probability, bo among those selected for practice, it would b9 a good ?,lan for both of them to go to work in order hat a selection might be made. If practice will make them better than Elliot, thoy will bccomo very good indeed. Cosstick, of course, will go, and be as destructive among the wickets of the New South Welshmen as of yore, and I believe that matters will be so arranged that Allan's left arm will not be absent when Victoria meets her worthy foemen on the greensward of the Albert ground at the latter end of this month. It is to bo regretted that Kelly cannot spare the time to go to Sydney, as the important post in the field, which ho has on all occasions filled with so much credit, will not find so excellent an occupant. Fanning who is an excellent player, will, it is said, do not unwilling to represent us; and the younger loughnan — whom, by the way, I must congratulate upon having conic back to his old form — is eager for the fray. This young player, in good form, is a very eligible candidate. Nearly all of East Melbourne's champions, they say, will offer themselves for selection. What an array of good batting and fielding there will be to seloct from this cltlb. There are Gaggin, Goldsmith, and W. Campbell, than whom it could scarcely be possible to choose three more doughty champions. Then como Williams, Carr, first-class men in the field, and good with the bat, and that good nll- rounu but unlucky cricketer Boyle ; and I must not forget to mention Alice, Elliot, and Wyntlham. M'Gan, of South Melbourne, will bo unablo to get away, but Bennott would make one, if chosen, and in all pro bability so would Conway. Tom Wills is thirsting for glory, and offers his valuable services. Wardill and D. Wilkie, owing to business arrangements, will, it is said, bo unable to offer thoir assistance. Thero aro other names I may have overlooked in thus roughly glancing over the list of candidates for intercolonial fame, but taking the list as a whole, I don't think any match committee ever had better material to choose from, and if thero is not comprised in it a team that will return to us victorious, 1 am greatly mis taken. There will be some difficulty in fixing upon the best three or four natnc3 in the team, owing to the equality of tho six or seven playors from which these three or four will be chosen. My urgent advice is to get to work at onco, and show tlio public that we mean to leave no stone unturned to fit our selves for the contest. The Sydney players have been practising energetically for some time, four days a week, and their exertions are being most enthusiastically applauded by the cricketing public of the sister colony, who no doubt imagine, from the recent lino display of cricket b/ their men in Melliourne, that Victoria's successful career in those matches is about to receive a check. If our men take ordinary pains, thero need be but ittle fear that this colony will loso that proud supremacy which she has maintained against New South Wales in the cricket field. Not manyycars ago an attemptwas made to form a Civil Service Cricket Club, and, after meeting with the usual difficulties which at tend tno starting of an association of the kind, tho promoters were successful in ob taining a large number of members, and the Government of that time, with commendable liberality, granted tbo newly formed club a rather spacious area of ground in one of the best sites in the Richmond paddock. The prospects of the club wore spoken of quite extravagantly. Very soon the ground was enclosed, ana at length a pavilion arose, and, before the season bad expired, I think the ground was turned up and sown with English grass. Thus far everything had gone on very prosperously, but the enthusiasm was only short lived, and the noxt season saw the Civil Service Cricket Club give up the ghost. The expense of making a turf ana keeping it in order was the principal cause of the col lapse. The pavilion was sold, and the ground, whose verdant sward was to bo the ornament of the colony, became a cow- yard. Such is the brief history of the first attempt to lorm a crics.ec ciuo among tno Government s-rv.ints. An effort is being now made to resuscitate the defunct club, and with this end in view steps were taken by one of tho departments to test tho feel ing of tho service generally upon the matter. From all sides promises of co-operation have been received, so it is said, ana the origina tors of the idea are very sanguine of succcbs. Unless thoy have an energetic spirit among them, like Runting of South Melbourne, I do not share their confidence ; for, bo it ro- membenpd, it will take time, patience, and plenty of money, beforo the ground can bo made playable. And then again, so many of the best players in the service are so strongly wedded to the East Melbourne club, that no assistance could be expected from them, and the University, which is a newly-formed club, would entice a few to join its ranks. However, if only to promote and foster a love for the manly and healthful recreation of cricket in the minds of the civil servants, the movement deserves hearty support. Land and Wattr, one of tne leading sporting journals of England, has been atsomc pains to exonerate A\ . G. Grace from the censnre he incurred from the sporting press of Victoria for the inordinate price he placed npon his services when negotiations were pending concerning the visit of an English eleven to Australia. In several articles an endeavor is mads to deny that Air. Grace asked for tho sum of £1503 as an equivalent for his services in coining out here to show us how to play cricket. Mr. J. G. Shoo- smith, the agent employed by tho AI.C.O. to negotiate tne transaction, However, writes to that journal emphatically asserting that Sir. Grace's ultinatum, verbally given to him at Lord's cricket ground, was £1500. No sec- 1 tion of tho press of this colony, as far as I am I aware, denied for ono moment that Mr. Grace had a perfect right to place whatever value he liked upon his services, I but I think thero was a general feeling I in the sporting portion thereof that 1 such an exorbitant demand did not come 1 with very good grace from tho "leading I amateur " cricketer of England. The Lana I and Water talks eloquently about the line of demarcation there should bo drawn between I Srofessional and amateur cricketers, and evi- 1 ently thinks there is something to apologise I for in Mr. Grace's mild offer. The approval I of Land and Water in this matter would perhaps havo been vouchsafed to us if in- 1 stead of criticising tho generous offer of tho leading omntcur of England not unkindly, 1 we had expressed it as our .opinion that he was dirt cheap at twice the money. I would not recommend any good batsman, with a penchant for a good average at the end of the season, to visit Geelong very often when Tom Wills is about. The veteran understands how to bowl on tho Corio ground to a hair, and if " stuck-up," he has a pecu- liar knack of reminding one it'b tune to go, by I making the ball come in rathor forcible con tact with tho most tender portion of the ribs. I It seldom takes more than two " reminders" I beforo the batsman is forced to depart. Two I balls in the ribs, followed by a " screaning shooter," is enough for any one. In tho South Melbourne match the wickets were I awful, and Tom Wills said ho could not I understand how they played bo bad. Gam- 1 mon, Tommy ! I In another column will bo found the com- 1 plete score of tho second oleven match bo- 1 tween East Melbourne and South Melbourne. It is not usual to pay muchj attention to I second eleven encounters, but when there I are some excellent players taking part in the | game, I think their doings are as worthy of I record as thoso of Carlton or Corio, and I very much question if the same team could not polish either of theso clubs off. A glanco at the names of the players will rather astonish Borne folks as to tho cricketing re- 1 sources of tho Jolimonters. C. Forrester is I a capital playor, who is just now steadying down into a patient and reliable batsman. Hepburn, wo all know, can handle his willow very skillfully, and Kyto has on more than ono occasion proved his excellence with the bat against our best bowling. Ferryman and Jennings aro by no moans second eleven mon, and J. Stewart and Johnston would not clisgracemanyofourfirst elevens. In bowling, the E.M. second team is unusually prolific, having Williams, Everest, Stewart, Kyte, and Jennings. Everest is a very difficult fast loft-handed bowler, who will beforo long find his way into the first elovon. Of the long scores made, tho palm should ho awarded to Hepburn and lorrcster, both of whom showed good cricket, and if there is any porfcrcnce to bo given it must be ac corded to Forrester. G. Major, on behalf of South Melbourne, batted vigorously, his fine clean hitting drawing forth favorable comments from both frieudB and foes alike. Our old friend, Wheatloy, played two first- class innings, and his play was pronounced I by a good judgo of the game who witnessed I it to do equal to anything he exliibited in hiB I best day. These second eleven matches I should be noticed, as they are the cause of I developing Borne first-class players, and it will bo my duty in future to inform my reader how tho rising players aro shaping. I There will no doubt be a large crowu of I spectators on the East Melbourne ground to- I day to witness the commencement of the cup contest between Melbourne and East Mel- I bourne. As both sides are sanguine of win- I ning, a close and exciting game and a tino I display of cricket may be safely anticipated. I So little interest was manifested in tho 1 Carlton v. Melbourne match that no score I was kept by the M.C.C. The fifteen wcro 1 defeated vory easily. Tho principal fea- J turos of the play were tho excellent ox- J hibition of batting made by Austin Lough- I nan, who made 63, not out, without giving a I chance for the M.C.C., and the very well played innings of C. M'Farland, who put to gether 27 runs. Butler's innings of 38 was not so good, but on tho previous Saturday hia performance with tho bat was very creditable. Butler, Cosstick, Wardill, and j Wliiteoak divided the bowling honors, re ceiving 5, 2, 2, and 4 wickets respectively. 