OBTRUSIVE EMUS. (From the Waat/a Waqqa Express, July 19.\ The emu is beginning to assert a right to his " native heath" with an amount of force that proves how much he has been benefited by civili. satiori. An instance of the energetic resistance which the bird attempts to any further encroach- ments of humanity upon its domain recently oc curred on Bullenbong Plains. Mr Robbins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last when he came upon a flock of about 30 emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him, a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu — a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blackfellow. Mr Bobbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited ;their approach with becoming fortitude and'.'a gun- When the birds got within about -80 yards he fired, and the leader of the van rpaid the penalty, of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made oft, per forming at..intervals acrobatic feats similar to the .first.-, Mr Robbins then jumped from his seat 'to follow up the' enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well directed kick: in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards' distance, whither the force of blow? sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expres sive appellation of " The Fool," from the back of the trap. " The Fool" considered himself equal to the. occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resis tance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr Robins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforce ment, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. I cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr Robins secured to the trap, and skinned that night' by the camp fire, but the others, owing to their weight, were left as memorials of the ea« counter. 