" EXTRAORDINARY TRIAL IN . HUNGARY. : A trial is at the present "moment taking place at Szegediu, in Hungary, the extraor dinarily complicated and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst the criminal records of all countries and epochs. The individuals in volved may be counted by hundreds — their crimes and offences "by thousands ; and the first arrests took placo as far back as 1SOO. The Lloyd of Ptslh gives an outline of tho case under tlie title of the " Proces SaDdor" — Sandor being the .name of the chief of a band of malefactors whoso depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szege- din and the surrounding district. Accord ing to tho Pesth journal, ever since IStiO tho inhabitants of Szcgcdin had become so terri fied in consequence of the daring exploits of Sandor's band of brigands, that they locked nd barred themselves in their houses every bight at dusk, and dared not to venturo into the streets even during the day without being armed with revolvers and swordsticks. Jtobberies, imcemliary fires, and assassinations Were tho order of the day ; and the male factors carried their audacity so far as to attack the diligences in the open day, and in the very midst of the town itself. For a long time the criminals escaped, while num bers of innocent inhabitants were arrested on suspicion ; and it was under these cir cumstances that M. de Raday was sent as a lOyal commissioner to Szcgcdin, charged Trith full, po.wors, and having at his dispo sition the forces and the resources necessary to put an end to a state of things so deplor able and alarming. M. dc Raday soon be came convinced that hot only Szcgcdin, hut the whole coviilat and the surrounding dis tricts were infested by formidable "compa nies" of brigands, whose organisation was complete and their circle of action defined. Wheq ouc of the30 companies was not suffi ciently numerous to carry out a daring enter prise, assistance was lent by the other coin- Sanies. Two of these bands of brigands, lagucd together, not long ago succeeded in entering the cellars of a bank, and in carry ing the immense safe into the street ; they felled, however, in getting it into a cart which they hnd brought for tho purpose, and found themselves compelled to abandon .their valuable booty. The safe was found (intact at the door of the bank on the follow ing morning, and the operation; had been .carried on without any one's attention laving been called to it,, or without any one, idaring to give the alarm. After careful aud minute inquiries, tlie Royal Commissionilr found, to his amazement, that a num ber of admiuistrative and judicial func tionaries were acting as accomplices of , -the various bands, of brigands — tbat even the ' titled notabilities of the dis trict acted as receivers of the stolen -property. A number of these companies ' -were, soon tracked, and so veral of the bandits Were arrested aud given up to justice. It Was then found that the police agents were jn league with the malefactors. At Szege- .clin a, commissary of police, two judges, four employes, of the Treasury, and 46 detectives were arrested aq being implicated in tbc de predations of the bands. Crimes have been (brought to light which were perpetrated 30 -years ago; and an old man of 70 was con- . damned some short time ago for a crime committed when he was 40 years of age. ..The novel and peculiarly "psychological" system pursued by the royal commissioner i in order to find out the gui'lty parties among the hundreds of; individualsarrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely .isolated from the rest of the world during, their confinement ; and ' tlioir eyes were .bound, in order to prevent any conversa tion by signs usually resorted to by .accomplished thieves. ' ' Companions in .captivity," totally- unknown to them, .were placed in the same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into, the eonfidenco of ithe prisoners, studied their characters, made .themselves acquainted .with their secrets, and used all their efforts to bring about a ffull confession. With regard to Sandor, the .-royal commissioner himself succeeded in getting a full and complete avowal of liis crimes by adopting taction of a' most inge nious kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his reputa- Idoii, sihd to be in the habit of looking down upon :his less daring accomplices as mere "purloiners of chic-kens," M. de Raday ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before liis Fellow-prisoners — tho small fry of the hand— whose instructions were to reproach their chief with1 being a chickcn-stealer like themselvc s. The ruso was perfectly success ful , the proud Sando-'s 'honor" was mor tally wounded, and the " brigand king (as he loved to stvle himself) immediately en tered into a full confession of his long series of crimes, as well as thoseof his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by tho royal com missioner in the case of another famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor, was this : Bajdor is known to bo exceedingly super stitious ; he is charged with having, com mitted two murders, and insists upon as serting his innocence. Ono evening the ex amining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows : — " John Bajdor, I cannot sleep on your account ; the ghost of Peter Brodri, whom you assassinated, appears before me every night, and threatens to haunt anil torment me until such times as I shall have put the rope with which you strangled your victim round your own neck." On flaying this the examining magistrate threw a rope round Bajdor's neck, and ordered him to bo taken back to prison. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, not withstanding his fifty-nine crimes, jumped am n.ffnahted_ ami rnahfirl t-niuarrla +I10 "door of the ' prison, crying for help. This was the moment tho examin- ing magistrate had anxiously awaited ; he mad.o his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having mur dered Bodri and his son, but also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes. In consequence of these disclosures the two bodies cf his victims, witli the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other . prisoners havo made free confession of the crimes they committed ; all tlie malefactors -arrested, it must not be forgotten, are kept in the utmost ignorance as to the charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetration of such or such a crime ; they were simply asked to give an account .of any offence of which they might acknow- ledgo themselves guilty. By this means 'a number of crimes havo been brought . to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idea of how desirable a place Szegediu must have been to live in may be formed from the 'following enumeration of the cases which are mow being, tried before a specially appointed court. When the royal commissioner first arrived at Szegediu, there were 1506 mini mal charges to be heard ; a littlo later 500 more charges were made ; and when, tho royal commission had terminated its duties, 950, fresh, cases were brought Jto light, making in. all nearly 3000 crimes of tlie gravest character. Of this total, 1000 judg ments have already been given, and nearly all these judgments 'have been confirmed on appeal. The crimes and offences discovered by the royal commission amount to S000. The principal charges are ' those of murder, robbery, pillage, incendiarism, &c.; (the cases of robbery alone exceeding 4000). The London correspondent of tho Swiss Times, writing on tho 14th February, says : — "A new.method of paying soldiers iu her Majesty's service is now under trial. For merly the men were paid daily, afterwards in some regiments the system of weekly payments ivns adopted, but was not found to work satisfactorily, as in many instances the men, finding themselves with a few Bhilling3 in their pockets, were prone to in dulge in drink. ; It is now proposed to pay every second day, and already this arrange ment is in force iu the Household Brigade. In order to prevent so far as possible any evil results, arising, such as attended the weekly , system, a. man absent without ..leave for 24 hours, or reported for drunkenness, will receive his pay daily, and thus he compelled to bring his potations within very narrow limits.' At.nrescnt the position of enlisted men in.the British army with regard to clothing, quarters,, and ra- tions is superior to those of any other nation. Tho pay is not by any means so good as that given by the United States, vhioh is about per month clear, but contrasts very favorably with that of other countries,' which do not averago more than one penny per diem. On the continent soldiers havo certainly many little privileges granted tkein which our men do not possess, such as riding in omnibuses at half fare, the. entree to places of amusement at very reduced prices ; but, on the whole, this scarcely makes uij the difference in pay." The Alaska Herald says that the Hudson Bay Company smuggles great. 'quantities of ' furs across the eastern boundaries of Alaska Territory, thus avoiding tho heavy imposts which Amman trader 'are compelled to m- ' 