THE BURGOMASTER'S ; FAMILY ; On, WEAL AND WOE IN A LITTLE WORLD. Bx CHEISTINfi MULLEE. 1 . ; Translate© from the Hutch bt Sib John Shaw < Lkfevke. Chafteb XX.— The " the ChpmhI YAisi).— ((?oW»fi«ed) - -jY ' All was in order— the trunks were packed. Siword had gone for the last time to Soliagen to bring back Seyna, wfafa was to attend the ceremofay pn the following day. Elizabeth was taking a ; walk with Lieutenant Smid. and ffmm. - L , . % — wMa uav -in ber .rpomaitlang Tiefore- the window in -that favourite spot where, during all, the time of her' stay m her parental hdme, she had' suffered so much sorrow, had wrestled with so much fear where once cheerful dreams and Tisions of the future had visited her, and where a few months back she had sank down in' despairing sorrow. Many thoughts and sensations > pressed u&en; AM n l a t v aim ol a - a . j _ _ . r iu ,.®"frKlcturea «> nferself how, on an evening like this,1 4 daughter; wojfld. feel who wa4 levying her father and motfe/and her dear hofaie to follow the husband of hear choice. V . thoughts took a definite foito, end she gazed upon a vision — her father And wtfil alive, and Bruno Eversberg her bride- ' -Tke next mement Emmy started up" from her c4ha,r ;as.if j!be, had wakened from a -strange dream which had lasted for weeks. a' he herself that was to be married on the moi-row, and not to him, of whom, in this self same worn, she had thought with so much love, and for whom she had prayed so ferventlv evere evening. 7 w ' The reality of the actual condition of thincs came upon her with overwhelming force. She tried to put it away irom herself. She would be true even in thought to him who to-morrow was to bje he husband. She would compel her self tp Jhink of all thejjblessingg which she might expwvwit-h an - .upright man -Tike Siword. But cotwrthBtandiug all her efforts she could not get np|ef! that every now and then me her heart beat quicker, her cheeks blush without - a> i cause, and filled her with a atimeless anxiety. This feeling dated from her betrothal with Siwbtdi It did not exist iu his presence, which had a calming effect upon -her, but came over her on the few occasions in jWhich she was alone and could think. Her room seemed intolerably narrow and stifling; and without any definite object, except to . drive pway the feeling, she betook . herself to 1 the garden, wfaefe she walked up and down sunk in thought.' As she stood by one of the flower, beds, amidst the tumult ef her thoughts, ene flashed' upon her which brought the colour to her cheeks. She recolleoted with a feeling of shame how she had been iu the habit of -going from, time to time < to the churchyard to visit the graves of her parefats and of the parents of Bruno, and how she had nifinntinnoH f.Kts nMAtiAA oinna fKa ilav wKian Bruno's fai hlessness had become kuown to her. Since that day she had never been able to think of bim in so gentle and forgiving a mood as now upon the evening before her marriage. All the bitternees which had so long tortured her heart made way for the mournful tenderness with which . we remember a departed friend whoBe life has been a source both of joy and sorrow, but a source which has been dried up by the all-annihilating power of death. In this frame of mind Emmy resolved to pay a farewell visit to the churchyard where her beloved dead rested, and to strew flowers over their graves as a thank-offering to the loving recollec ionB which she retained of them. Wish a basket of fresh- plucked flowers in her hand, a light straw hat on her fair hair, a shawl loosely thrown about her to .protect her from the evening chill, which 'after the heat of the day was coming on with the last rays of (he setting sun, Emmy went out by the gate at the end of the garden, along a shorter path which led at the back of the. next houses to the town- wall and through the town-gate to the churchyard out- eide. The walk did Emmy good ; it calmed her feelings, and when she reached the quiet burial ground and had seated herself upon the bench nearest the graves of Bruno's parents, whilst her eyes rested upon the marble memorial of her father, there came peaee and rest into ker- souL She had sat thus more than half-an hour, and had divided the flowers between the two graves, yet she could not reaoive to leave the peaceful blulucsb ui LHc uuurcoy aru. one listened to tbe wind, which sighed through the weeping willows. She looked at the tomb stones and monuments, which in the approaching twilight assumed strange forms and appearances; and wearied perhaps with the strain of the last few days and the heat of the weather, she felt her eyelids grow heavier .and heavier, and her ideas become confused, till sleep made her head sink down, and her spirit lost itself in the land of dreams. And a strange dream it was which visited Emmy. She dreamt that she was dead, and that she lay in her coffin as she had seen her mother lie, motionless and with her ey es closed, although at the same time she could see all that was going on about her. All those whom she loved hovered round her like shadows, and greeted and beckoned to her, but i&distintiy; as if in a mist. Two forms, however, disengaged themselves from the mist, and becoming more and more die tinct, approached her e-i either side of the coffin ; and, although in her death-lite trance she was not able to see them, she felt that .Siword and Bruno were standing leaning against the sides of the coffin. 7 - With a supernatural exertion she at last opened her eyes, and still she could not see them j ; but instead, the eyes of William de Graaff — those1 £rey eyes, with the well-known look of mortal .hate — glared at her out of the mist which veiled .everything. . , . She shrank back; and the "chillnes8 of deatn seemed to pierce her to the "Very bones. . . . At that moment a warm hand was ' laid upon her. head, and crying out and wavering- between dream and reality , Emmy Iddtfid tin. ATid fiftv Riwnv \- r Mmuuma evauuuig before her;- and heard -him 'say in his welltknown voice, " Child ! child ! how very imprudent ef you to be sleeping in thiB night air." She got up, "shivering with cold and with the recollection of the dream, which had left behind it a strange fear exciting impression. Clmgtng to Siword's arm, and pressing close to him, she walked from tbe churchyard along the dark lane, where the light ef the clear starry heaved did not penetrate. -She listened in silence to his gentle scolding for her imprudence. She under stood but half of what he said; how the open gate at the end of the garden had given him a clue as to where she was gone when, on hiB return, she could not be found either in the house -or in the garden. Only by slow degrees she recovered her calm ness, and as she walked' home she was- more silent than. 8iword had ervr before seen her, and she hardly found words before they reached The house to ask after Seyna ij 1 I promised her if she would let Elizabeth put her to bed quietly to bring j m to her " said Siword. When they came upstairs to the child's bed, they found her already asleep, with her dark curly head sunk deep in the pillow,and her ;littie soft white arms resting on the coverlet. Full of tenderness Emmy leant over the little iri- Once more the conflicting emotions of that day were dissolved into a feeling of peace And harmony, and turning to .Siword she said, gently " and earnestly, "Si word, must help me to be ' hr/!rj"j tiuii "eiiii". nor answer, Siword took Emmv m vltfl awma 1 b«rt, Md for W ; abandoning his prdjay i«;»hi.Dered ..My lo her; for foSf.pt heehildj wofd. a. fall of tender nec8--and psgaion a. Ui<& to Emmy &s; the fitst manriestatioa ef tha -fire which smoulderpd ueder the cool eaace, eh(I- a ®eWjeld. f<W' thought and selihitud till ak last the day came to fan" efad» ; A. efaorL raetloes night, ffall ' of "heeplexiBg vreddifag day of SlSeS «Sd- Emmy was . dawning— a day so like all other wedding days, that I really don't know ' how to mention ahythifag pkrtiqul&ri; the ceremony itself. When Emmy woke, it was under the caresses of Seyna. who with bare feat had got ©at of her crib and had come quietly into Emmy's room and had climbed into her bed. She took the child in her arms and listened to her childish prattle, which cheered her heart like a sunbeam, and pre- vented her from realising important day before her IaUi4C , bridegroom when th. moment t j 10 9 off for th. town-hali. NoTfe 9 ooucioaanen of th. hieh 9 Hay .eemed to reach her. and "" 9 r ? hlDd7hi<!h WM laid in the Jm 9 of her bridegroom, end a deadl. m?' "Stt! I which met hi, earneet, lOTjng e'» 9 eeenied to Bnmy Uke a drefm,£,il>» Up 9 laet few week., and aa in a dmam h2 " «ikl to the town-h. then to '« fc! H proper order ; and an hour later Sorf i were man and wife. 0rd 8od fcJ;1 H Hie dejeuner that followed WM m of the eame kind, th proper diehei® >1 uenal winee were drunk, the mnrf ."""HlkH and eren the oaoal tear. ,hed br (J H inconeolabie at the departure of E vH her. Mrs. Welters followed the brids H the table to change her bridal travelling dress; and the same #"1 foreheirf with which th. etepoolw 12 : Ihet refused to speak what her heart con!?f In silent emotion Emmy gazed hJ ??1 Wei" tarued away and she herself quickly went upstaiw M Some moments later, whilst oue of th m was endeavouring to enliven thesomevW, cheerfulness of the party by soras i verses, which engaged general .1!! , sounded all at once a strange noise- aa - upstairs. Before anyone compre gomg on, Siword and Elizabeth had 111 % and rushed out pf the room, wbile 1 moment th4" company were th, 1 confusion by tbe breakfng William de Graaff let fall out of ? ! v and the contente of which streamed dl ' the beautiful silk dress of his neighbor I In the confusion of the- moment. MfiLton S broke up the party at breakW 3 pany adjourned to the drawing-rim "-LZ®2' the gaodeu, whe» the, oeo- fe aud the memment, which oad been fiSS & tor an inetant, had weil-nieh ietamj¥ ? Elizabeth came back and dee..! J eeream which they thought the, had i»2 $ mere imagination. SWM w SlW?r< ll?d indeed bid foucdEniBrtt door locked, and to their anrioflg qJS whether anjthmg was the metier vuhhfz ad given . a tranquillieiug answer, botbrirefeeji ; tojpeu the djor on the plea that she fos-r! J: It crossed Siword's mind that b«»ow»o«y I harsh and strange ; but as Elizabeth M down-atwre quire satisfied, he WxsSS'iM trouble Emmy with further iBquim i J _ Changing his own drees m han/k omdft 3 itnposeicle to go back to the comp M therefore outside her" room, waHai imml down in an anxiety which he add a ' explain to himself, listening U> tm sound which came from the room. Sarij at hour passed, when the servants came to atai j him that the carriage was ready, and cpoail . repeated knocking, Euimy opened tbe door e! 1 stood upon the threshold. Si rod, in a J alarm, drew & step backward wienie sat i 1 coun ensnce of hiB young wife — a coontenuat strangely altered as scarcely to be ' teeogm « from what she was an hour before, u die ifW by his side a beautiful but pale bride. 1 She had beien extraordinarily pAfe the wl day; but what was that palenese cempuei! the death -like pallor which now was her face ? , What , was the meaning of tbe ba w lead- colcuied .Upg— the fixed -eyee, iriflitt J>| despairing look, and her painfolly altered k f|| -.tore- r « " Good Heavens, Emmy, what hae hsjjpes&l;? m exclaimed Siword, when he had overcome iitf 8 uiarm, -1 Emmy slowly passed her hand over iefloC head, as. if to bring her confused ; thsngili ft 81 words ; and when he once again hastily wjwk II his question, she answered, in a doll voice, m -S without soand,"- — S " Nothing, nothing ! take me away fro® ft S or I shall go mad and grasping 8iwortft ft she drew him forward down the stairs, r In tke pussage Elizabeth and SevnawW iDg for her. " jfflj She accepted their embraces, then ehe ft® |g gaged herself, snd was already sitting in the w9 riage before her husband reached the heH An instant- later, and tbe carriage drove iffy J||i Chaptes XXL — SoiIIXGH?. "We must decide to-day sboat the Emmy. Would you like to stay hereJOB®lp 'Sg longer, or to go on. with cur tour?" . " 3 '' duet as you Bke, Siword." "No, not just as I iike, but as it is to you. Do you feel well eaough -Siw ther r ' . . "Oh, yes." " Shall we go to the Xurhaus ones 19 evening ? You have seen very Hj \we have been here. Or shall we tecoopl®1 HB intended expedition to the Platte ?" — r'.jfJfH ' " It is quite The same to me, "think best." " " aj It was thus that Mstfesely slightest sign" of interest, Ennny' .questions of ker husband, whilst she pB her chair, with her eyes half 0ack turned te the beautifal prospect 9| roam oo Ihe «« of the hotel' See sons" at Wiesbaden cornmaDd®» |H the Kurhaue aud its pretty pleaaSBW & where the choicest flowers fl fountains, of -which the. fresh spl88"1® S beached their ears. .jj jd . Her listless, indiflcrect tone, seein to be regarded by her husband ! |H unusual— at any rate, he did not sppr jit. Sealed in a oemfortable arnHj.;!j9 Emcny, he took up his hook sg conversation; afad apparently B occupied inreading j but if enfODe W®, jj»(l .him closely, they would have troubled Ick as his eyes wander ft- flH from his hook to the pale worn H| twife, who in tbe fortoight e«oe, 91 seemed to have grown almost ten H r Aud there also lay on Siword'se®' , d JH of seriousness approaching to I gentler expression came over it deep sigh which seemed almost invw 8H _ ' ' I, laid down hie book l,,5,rtf2«cl"UF if/ber be took one of her in a gentle bttt e"nert H j- |g lilflj ®u rl 1.' na pftnnot SLO on as they now after day I hare waited I .« between u® , , j ejve me your confidence. lSUlj«' with a tins'" 90»tio' bat rhiW110 v/had not obaerred that any- arVm in th. night when you I WM inondleawyou got up and. & I '"Id of the room and weepm your 5# other end apparently un- ' the hope that of yourself you would tarred. beBt friend ; but I cannot M»» iong". mi I earneatly entreat Krf,ld ril»r« ff waiting for her a> "Saoy withdrew her hand from hia with it, without saying any- -.-Mumed, in a pressing tone, " I B A"8""?,! .. .our htutband I hare the «%«nroon4dende," ehe orted out, in tw?! '.Whiletthe roee up from her aiatpshing T.ur'___ »JMinf.p jWaiord ! be merciful to me, and m ''S! I cannot tell you what to%"vfl patience with me, and perhaps J1!?tanied pale at these words of his wife. 811 /This chair, and with an involuntary a few paces before he "ViettW » ?mothin« amiae iVlud yet you pereut m your silence. «i?taiy that tbi! it an important moment SfeS'tM fnt«« life. When entire $.do«Boteiietbetween m.n and wife, Leu and lore are impossible. again sHeat, in anxious expectation of km"1' , 1 Sll7 " death, and while she tliohcd her hands convulsively, her fixed and 2w eyes had the timid, wistful expression of rSed Rnimal, which sees no escape nor any jbidig'pl&cehere; to conceal itself— an expression , «£ Biword found almost unbearable. Irnag sway ftom her, he walked up and ho the room in strong emotion ; and when he Eni stood before Emmy, all gentleness had Cedfrom hie face. In a cold tone he said, — tiujho your mind easy, Emmy ! I shall not LXyon farther. It is not my habit to thrust OintouyoBs's confidence, and I will not Ho i nth you. Eeep your sorrow to yourself, L y& do not place sufficient trust in me to let BhtWeit. I give you my sacred promise that thifiithe first and last time I shall ask you for K/ limit, however, beg you to understand that Erinit not continue eur tour. Under these i riKsiftanceB it cannot give any pleasure either to yoaotome." " Th? old tone of her husband seemed to eut HpbuL to the heart j she shuddered when he kaheiol tetotag home. hi own ue cuuia jjreieni ner, sue aau sup pea Hroauer chair on to her knees, and taking hie Hpud laid it on her cold, pale .cheek, while she Rotd up at him imploringly. Biweri ! do not speak so to me. I cannot Hprlti D® not thrust me from you now that I double need of your patience and your Hpii I Im how ill 1 repay your goodness to that thus far I have not answered your 'till have a little patienoe with me, i me when I eay that it is better that I f sorrow alone, than in common ) Mpoa I cannot tell yon, Siword j indeed I i K ... c a moment Siword seemed to be moved. i at her last words burst into tears, f PwhenipandkisBed her forehead before PhM gobaokto her ohair. Shortly after- EvT ! , roo,Bi' wben a few hours . ! wei neither of them \- Mnhject of their previous converse- Kf to Emmy as before, J Jfj BbrhSQ8 tbsn C8rdial or friendly J . er » 1118 T01ce had a cold tone, and 1' . &!m0rhe» btaof mlndit and when be aaid in IK f», 7" .Ut0 to haae h0B»" »te had j. .tth.Mf»ra'rhil!hfiUedh« Btwa.jAime 6 agaiQ in Ho1" b' J« » taqMnUv'lv 00106 ... . Bowl to g. S" thle. narrative, that I ,, ' , de«"Ptio of it before SollingeniBaBim and -"J between wooded hm6 ®villa?ei half con- tte ' utei' WaL an ?, as " »bout i£a i paw it. JS? a ra>lwaj station, one £ ' xoeptal"thhut obBervia« ay Part :r iu eWwS -?-Wer. the jijp Rd the hill, P®Brtion is partially visible % ?1SJ5S is " good fhefaffiiCAtbe,ie and the gf l H.r>thg ue kfln7 Btay tere aU through the them to th« J PSIons and duties the e„onty hotel were ft-' "ut m sum- RS S to.behad' IffL': apartment ux. aatisfy the ded to and 'fini 5gh ifc haB been m WtdJ ged' Yes, and now Silii louiw k " T even thig di0fv.;„f i Kr-s::;': VP »«?»<> #« 'Partmentg . a « Vlew to letting rith the Sollingen is thus pud of tf'08® Sf hhnd8,the bhfrv!68 Wltk Telandahe not WJ» .Ci?Dt8 f are BcJii? children ?I ,aDdwhere Pftle Wr ?>Vr)SanTe t0 Beek in th® tf&U;'. Boot J " regpect SoUinaW lDjojment of" BSSC% b u fii 8®n has much In S%,1 ® om?g in the pfa ' aer a milfs f nve5 hich flowa m& Walg Up th® Tillage, and W? BwTeUhe3i w6 "to t"W ' d j before atated, on a M &» «.d Cf. J?"®" of » i Bn? whie oiVzihr otber W# Uonitd rUeJnerland. sssiffiasa!: 6 family reached the highest summit of their splendour ; but later, for three successive generations, "the increase of descendants and the consequent division of resources began to underinine ' ihs greatness. Then, by degrees, here and there a portion of the property was converted into money, and the lord ship wai diminished to little more, than an ordinary good-Sized landed property, and at last matters went so' far that the estate, burdened with heavy mortgages, waB offered for sale by the laet heir, the fortune remaining to him being quite insufficient to enable him .to live in proper , style. : \ ' For a few years it was in the hands' of an Indian sugar-planter, whose .riches and love of ohange rivalled each other, and it wag' owing to this last mental quality that it had now passed into the possession of Siword Hiddema. But 'thiS was not the only .alteration which Sollingen had undergone. The old castle with its round turrets, its towers, and loop-holes, was polled down fifty years since, and a new house in mere modern style ereoted in .its placed more suitable to the modest means which the then owner could afford, and on a much smaller scale than it had been originally ; indeed, it could enly be called a castle on the strength of the old tradition, which had not yet lost its force in Sollingen. What the house had lost in antiquity and size, it bad gained in cheerfulness and brightness of aspect, with its light-grey walls and its wide doors, windows and jalousies; its pillars covered with creepers, supnerting a balcony above; below a portico, which, ornamented with rarest plants and shrubs, and stands of flowers aad trailing plants, formed a delightfully cool, pretty place in which to sit and enjoy the splendid view of the valley, where the river meandered like a silver ribbon , of the village and church, the railway and the high road ; of teeming corn fields and dense woods, bare heaths and rich pastures, stretching far away into the distance, with an indescribable variety of tints and colours. Great preparations had already been made in the village for the reception of the new lord of Sollingen and his young wife. A -committee had already been formed to regulate , the festivities which were to give lustre to their arrival. The schoolmaster had already busied himself in'composing a poem, which the sehool - children were to sing on the occasion. It had already been debated in the council of the com mune what sum should be granted from the pub lic ohest in addition to the private subscriptions to meet the expense of the ceremony, when a letter from Wiesbaden, which reached the castle in the early part of September, frustrated the plans, by conveying the news that Mr. and Mrs, Hiddema had cut short their tour and were to he expected at Sollingen that same evening. A shell falling suddenly into the village would not have produced such a commotion and disturb ance as this letter, which was transmitted by the housekeeper of the castle to the burgomaster. They had five hours before them, and in those five hours they did all that was possible. The alarm bell, which was sounded, and which mif in m nfi am f iv/\ fiwn.annrmAfl rsam iVt a viaiaU puu iu wvvwu unv mo ougiuvo uoui tup JJCigU" bouring villages, was the first means resorted to in order to make people aware of something unusual, and thus to spread the news like wild-fire through the commune. It Wa necessary to abandon a great part of the intended festivities ; but a procession of honour was organised with all speed, a triumphal arch was erected by the peasants at the entrance of the village, with the words, " Be welcome" on it, and flags were hoisted on the tower, the council-house, and on any private houses which possessed them. There had not been such a harry and bustle -in the village for ageB ; such running and flying about had very seldom been seen, and seldomer, alas ! such streams of rain as deluged Sollingen on that memorable September day. From early in the morning till late in the evening the Bky continued to be grey and lower ing, and showed little sympathy with the Soiling-., itea, who looked up imploringly to heaven. The flve-and-tweaty notables who made up the procession of honour might be seen literally shining and dripping with rain. . Three-fourths of them were peasants' sons, and were ranged round the elosed carriage which stood ready, at-the eta- l.- . _ , ..I i j lion io receive me uuuourou fwrbvimgop ui: . dud occasion. A melancholy ghost of a festivity it was indeed, that solemn entry of Siword and Emmy ; the con tinuous rain seemed to spoil everything- The orange ribbons with which the peasants' hats and their horses were adorned, and the bunches of flowers on the horses' tails, were all discoloured and wet, and the individuals who undertoook the duty of forming ah escort sneaked .along under their dripping umbrells, evidently afraid of, spoil ing their beBt clothes, which they felt bound to wear, and they could hardly have -been in a frame of mind suited to this festive oooasion. Finally, the wind seemed to think that the rain could not do enough to destroy everything, and it was in a regular hurricane that -Siword and Emmy were complimented by the burgomaster, whose address lost much of the dignity that dis tinguished it, owing to the howling of the'wind and the pelting, rain, which hardly permitted him to be intelligible. In a few w<.rds Siword thanked him for the honour paid to them ; he then hastened with his wife to the carriage, where Seyna Ond 'her go verness were already seated, and drove at a quick pace up the approach to the castle. An hour la'er the evening closed in, and all traces of the festivity had vanished. The castle was enveloped in pitch darkness. Ahe wind whistled in tne cnimneys, nowiea in the comers, and drove against the windows, on whiob the rain clattered during the whole of the first night which Siword and Emmy passed at their own house. — From " Fraser's Magazine. (to be contijsbed.) 