? ' ' " '" ' " " ' 1 ,\ V si WEDNESDAY, NOVBMBÈa 26, Í873^ j ' THE members of- the1 Legislative Assembly! i; seemed to be-in sympathy yesterday' after-i ; noon with the public,' in feeling that no] ' good could oom«;;.from:Jany /renewal of. the' i' discussion of the recent action of the .Go'vern-j I ment :in 'the appointment of Vtho' ? Ohîéfi Justice.. Forjwhen Mr. BUCHANAN had made' ' his chtnu'cterifltic speech.-in.movingf'his roso-' 1 lution.of censure, no one on either side acted; j as «if,, 'they, jhought j .it; necessary, or! > desirable, *to prolong the debate.-. ''' The . hón.íi <;mèmber."/'::'ati'T\^e^head^ Jpf-:-.; the: i Oppositipn,^Mr.' JOHN' .ROBERTSON^ evidently' j acted iii- accordance.,'.with., the "wishes ;of the: majority; on^böth "Bides, " ?when, with, a* few, explanatory'fiords, he moved ^thé'previous question! Itis true,.Mr. Fóiw&i;í-^-though he \ concurred íü the 'opinion 'of;Mr. .ROBERTSON,! I that tho subject ought to'be dismissed on the! \ previous question, ¿ without v any7! record of; \- opinion on the merits of the motion-could \- not forbear from' making uso'of this'1 op : '? portunity . to repeat, the -charges so- often. made byhim and others about ",! the Kiáina1 ghost," -and the ' dialogue'- bf the"''Colonial Secretary with the prisonerO'FARRELI, J and : ,to denounce the whole career of the' Premier' : as nothing but treachery and deceit., And Mr.-' OAKES - briefly expressed his strong dis : approval of . the course, pursued by Mr. j PARKES. But there was apparently, a desire ¡on all sides to get rid of the subject; : and, though, the Government voted with Mr. BUCHANAN, that the main question should be , put, a majority of .twenty-two to seventeen ?-: decided ' that the" question should not be put. j With Mr. OAKES we could willingly have let , .the subject fall into the background until the 'day of reckoning comes, whoa this question i must inevitably come up again on a real trial of tho claims .of the^Government on the con? . tinuanco of public confidence. ' s ' < \- But - the Colonial- Secretary, availing him; \ self of tho privilege secured By the Con^ i stitution to members pf Parliament for' cases I of emergency, mo ved the adj ourument of the House in order to express his views on the J question that tho House had just determined to set aside. The abuse of the power, to in- troduce any topic under a motion for 1 adjournment has been a pest toi'the -.House and to. those who watch its proceedings ; and it was an example'tending to mischievous results for tho ; Colonial Secretary, the leader of ' the "Housed- v to en- courage others in haying, recourse ' to this mode of compelling the House to. hear their views. . But after having deolinëd to discuss the question while it waa properly before the House on the motion of censure; Mr. PARKES took advantage of tho nile-pf (the~House to reopen the wholo matter ; and'cbntx-ary to tho t expression of the. will of the House, the whole ' question was discussed over again. " , "We do not intend to weary our: readers by going over thei ground" attainj \~ but there are two questions ? of political morality* .that turned up> in ' the course of; the debate, :on which it really concerns the public ^interest thatright views should prevail. The first ,óf ¡ these questions touches the relation between personal honour and public duty ; the second ' bears on the complication of religious opinions 1' .and '. associations: " with political action. ; Mistakes on either bf thesp heads - must ; be* injurious .to the public welfare. Mr. PARKEs---after pleading, in His pwn defence, ' that his only fault was an imprudence into \- ^whioh his - ardent - friendship had . -betrayed him' in expressing to Mr. BUTLER, in'June last, his desire that he should I be Chief ' Justice, and that' having committed this \ imprudence he felt bound to act in opposition i to: his personal feelings and - to appoint \ Sir JAMES" MARTIN to tho:. oifice-- > laid down this broad principle : ¡ 11 If I had made..- a most positive promise, I 1 .can conceive bf /.numbers, of considerations i that might arise that would lead mo to with- ] draw that promise in the interest of the ' public." To prevent all misapprehension, ho ¡ reiterated the sentiment - in. more emphatic 1 terms':It may go .forth to the world at t once, that if I should forget myself, and ' make a promise concerning the public service, < that promiso will bo open to review and re- Î consideration up to the moment that it is J carried into eficot." Now, if a question arise t in the liiind of a public mon occupying such a " position as that of Premier-whether he 1 shall fulfil a purpose of. personal friendship Î cherished in his own heart, or set aside all g .Buch. considerations out of regard for the public good-there can ta no doubt aa to the course which ought to [ be pursued. Ho who does not giva pre- eminence to public interests over all private attachments and wishes, is not worthy to be entrusted by his fellow-countrymen with any share in the Government. But when a positive and unqualified promise has been, given, another question arises : Is it possible to violate a promise without inflicting a worse wound upon " the dearest and tenderest interests of society" than oven the appoint-: ment of an inferior person to an important" office 1 Is there any- interest of more moment to the public welfare than a per-, Vading sense, pf-the' soundness of-' promises^ ^Cau^any worse calamity befall a community than' Che--'destruction of - all confidence .itt ipromisegt'.n ,.^á^'í^',^;^ijaúm^in a leading position do any greater damage to society ;than " by' -teaching,'either in :- word- or .deed,that a-^promisa -'given without, .qualification -may, . ibe held "open , to| review ' ándA reconsideration f up; - to - ¿thé ,'moméht that it is carried into effect 7"'^THe true solution of such a difficulty to a man of personal honour.¿ind patriotism is to withdraw from power, rattier ythan Viólate his word or sacrifice the public interests to' privato con- siderations. If a Minister finds himself in a dilemma of . the'; kind in consequence of his own imprudence, as Mr. PARKES acknow- ledged himself to be, honesty requires him to accept the penalty of his ünprudencej yeyfen.;if it involve the loss' of his position, rather than attempt to cast that peñálty on his friend or on the public. .- &'-.,--';.J,f. » The other point of public- interest which arose concerns the duty, of a public man in relation to . questions . of - interference with public affairs on religious grounds. Mr. J?AUiCES having, in one of .his letters, charged his former colleague iwith using thp ,expres- sion «* my people," - as if . the whole force jçf ; the Roman. Catholic Ohurch was at his back, Mr. BUTLER vindicated himself by' claiming a right, when pressedlby objections . to his appointment on the ground of his religion, to resist . to * .the7' 'utmost -those who un- fairly}' .'urged; \ such; objections. Every man, whatever- his associations in religion, Has án,a'.úndbü^ -to - resist every' attempt tb -aeprivè the 'denomination to which- he adheres of any of the rights which are common to, them withal! others. It is -one., thing ¡ito /claim peculiar privileges pr political influence for a religious organisa- tion br party,'"and1 quitey¿, different/thing to resent by all lawful means :. any infringe- ment on ~the liberty and ' equality of that denomination. The first is intolerable sec- tarianism,! that "must1 be :put down; the second is pnly^whät every man owes to his country as >well asto his friends. ; ; v : 