ANOTHER batch of regolations under the Education Act have beenissned. These regulations have beep framed tinder the. 15thand 16th eeotion8 of iba aoi, and provide for school-districts and the election of boards of advic& 1 Ths boards are -to consist of not less than five,-end not more than eeyen members. The Governor' may appoint for eaoh «ctrobl district, from time to time, retarning offioer6 who shall have power to appoint depnty retiming,- offioers. łŁatepayer chall -mean any person liable to be rated ia sueb school distriot where he resides. The eleotion of a board of advice shall take place on some con venient day within & month after the appointment of a returning officer. Fourteen .dear, days notice is to be given of any eleotion by advertisement. The elealions are to be ton. docted in a simiiar manner to manicipal H deotions. The Echoo) distriots follow J as nearly as possible the looal government boundaries, a common - sense - and oon Venient arrangement that certainly required-no ghost from tha grave to euggest. l The following are the school -districts daly n, fixed upon for tbe present, in.whioh the peo t pie of these localities are more direótly con-' cemed:—Baylesford -seven, Italmsbory five,! Glsnjyon, north snd vest ridings, five, south' er and'ji^t';ridings; five. Kyneton. Tylden and! iEnntham£ve, Garierahe riding five, Lanris-] ton "cmd-fidgaeombe—riding ve;—Kyneton riding firejMetcalfejinorth and west ridings, ham five, (as one unbroksn district), fiomfey fire. i(Tbe figares «Udde to ^tie^nambera of eash rThis gnat uimuae, this oestly aad oomplez system' diffionlty baing, ;eiperienoed ^bjr diosj^o «re--called apoauto administar sthe.^iaaii "ijhwtf'' 31 1»"" muMjf ^wsd WradibeBtt'. '^atfe ;. ihe'in'Bf;teis .oT-ftstjuT j bat ire nave no dońbt aibomt the ultimate •uoMBS of the meteitre--as a whole. Thej Suttt i^b,^' hr^^mfi-^prt>vijft 0 perfectlj -noeessfoi^---Xjie—jnaoliinery-'irorks—-with , power and effect/ bati some ; of the . parte hayjato be c jmlished. , They .are fresh and rongfefrom, the ^castings at present ^ We hftVe' beńi teąueśtea to «all attention kt. the sale <ófrWmei aad~ 6pirits, jtei Satorday, ; by Itr Buscómbejłłtr -Ellia'* Hotel, PiperatmW A most interesting cricket match will be r played to-morrow on the Race-course betweeD w an eleven from Richmond and a Kycetou team, c including several players from Castlemaior.. The visitors arrive per early train from Melbourne aud will proceed direct to the ground Wickets pitched at 10 o'cl ick sharp. Ths following is a list of the teams'-—Kyneton—'Wind ridęe, Fiynn, Murdoch, J. Armstrong, C- Armstrong, J. Johnston, Aitken, Backboust liollis, Henry, Heron, Smi'.hers, Arthur. Rich mond—Blair, Kendall, Compton, Osborce, Roberts, By der, Cutter, Smith, Bedgoo-.i, Sullivan, Madden, W. TL jmson, Marsh. The P, and O. Company's boat, the Sumatra, which brought the February mails instead of the Baroda, delivered her mails one day before tbe time. - The following extraordinary, if not prohibitive, toll tariff will be discussed at the next meeting of the Glenlyonshire Council, Cr Lewis having tabled the tarifi in the form of a notice of motion :—Scale for three-inch tire at.d under for every cart, or waggon drawn by one horse, Is; two horses, Is 6d ; three horses, 2s 6d; four horses, 4s ; and every additional horse, 6s. 'Scale for four-Inch tire—one horse. Is; tnvb, la 6d ; three horsec, Ss ; four. Si 61 ; and ! eve^y additional horse, Ss. Ścale for five-ineh —two horses, Is 3d ; three horses, is ; four hbraes, Is 9d ; and every additional horse, 6d. The M. id. :—A eeriotu accident oconrred on Taesday aboat noon, at Glenlyon, to a man named WinTNelśóh, a carter, residing at Drnmmond. JHe had taken a yuuag colt which he was breaking in to a blacksmith at Malmsbury, for the inirpose of having it shod ; tbe blacksmith told -him the horse was too yonng, and not sufficiently broken in to stand quiet, and Nelaon took it sway. On tlie way home the animal became very restive, rearing and plungiBg about, ti>l at last it threw itself on top of the man, knocking him flat on' the road, and then got clear oS. Here the poor fellow lay for over an hour, although several teams passed by ; the'men driving them telling Uim, in reply to bis request, there were empty teams behind, and he could get a lift in one ol them. Ail this time iiie blood was flowing from a wound in his "head, and he was unable to stand. At last he managed to seed word to Malmsbury, to Mr M'Grane, when Mr Uphill sent hiB spring-cart and conveyed him to hit> place; bat no doctor was sent for, and the police being informed of: the circumstance, at once took measures lo eonvey tbe man to tbe Hospital, Castlemaine. Tbe" resident Burgeon U of opinion that no ribs are broken, but there a very ugly wound on the forehead, from which Nelaon must have suffered mach loss of blood. The foliowing ia the return of traffic on the Victorian Sail ways for the week ending Thursday, April 3, 1873Number of passengers, 56,039, as -against 81,766 for tbe corresponding week in 1872. The total receipts were £14,022 14s 8d; corresponding week in 1872, jG15,010 2s Id. The aggregate amount to' this date from 1st July, £535,903'7a 5i ; and the weekly average, 40 weeks, £13,397 lis 8d. A man named Duncan Biair was killed on Friday last by falliog down a shaft 65ft deep, at Sailor's Gully. Last night (says yesterday's Telegraph) a man named Douogliue, who is said to be a shepherd in the employ of Mr P. J. Martin, was found in the street in a semi-cunscioue state. It is said that he waB bitten by a snake a day or two ago, and was treated for snakebite at tbe Kyneton Hospital. There art marks on his finger which show he bad been treated for snake-bite. He was carried to the Melbourne Hospital, aud placed under treatment. A man named Sullivan has been arrested as having been coneerned in the Sandford murder, while the man named Jones, arrested on the same charge has been discharged as .the wrong Jones. The attention of the police was called to Sullivan's whereabouts in a carious manner. He was bitten by a snake at Warranoake station, where he was fencing, and then brought into Stawali. The part bitteii' by the snake was cat away, and the person who undertook to take Sullivan to Stawell had' to keen him awake by pricking him with pins. Seeing the name in the papers the police made inquiries, and found that Sullivan answered the description given of,the man "wanted." A witness named M'Lean, a.publican, haa sworn that Sullivan is the same . party who had been drinking in company with the murdered man, JEtichard Edwards, up to a quarter past 11 on the night of Monday, the 13th January, the budy of Edwards being fonnd in a laue early on the following morning. The Age, prompted by the London Spectator, urges the desirability of fitting oat sa antarctio expedition to be located on Possession Island, Victoria Land, in January next, tbere to re. main daring the winter, so that they may be in a-position to- obBerve the-transit of- Venus on the 8th December, 1874. The event has been so far overlooked in England thai sufficient time does not exist to fit out an expedition from that country, and the Londou Spectator says :—" If any expedition from this country cannot be managed, one should be 6ent from Australia or New Zealind,". . Ia the interests.of science, and fór exploration'purposes,' the Government ef this colony should aend out an expedition. L-. -1. v; 