EUROPEAN POLITICS... [From our Paris Correspondent.! Paris, October 4. " Incapable but honest/ was the gene ral opinion entertained of Comte de Ohambord until a few days ago, but since he has written a letter to a partisan unknown to fame, posterity is requested to note that the socond adjective is with drawn. It is only another proof of the counsel—'{Put not your faith in Princes." It is said that men are only consistent when in opposition; now the Oomte de Chambord, having sown as many oaths as a dicer or a lover, that he would never abandon his white flag—it being rank blasphemy for the people to nail theirs, the tricolor, to the mast—:or the making of the Pope temporally, first flower of the earth and first gem of the sea, and crush ing, St. Michael and Satan fashion, the consequences of the first Revolution, now hints all these views are pure inven tions of the enemy. Like M. Johrdain, and speaking prose, the Count has been a Liberal all his life,' without knowing it. This result of the "fusion" was not ex pected. If Henri V. really intends to "pose" for the throne that it Beems Pro vidence specially created for him, he must speak to the people neither in parables nor in platitudes. He must put down his Liberalism on paper—-which will likely represent its value at the same time—sign, seal, and *' swear" to" it. The ghosts of Charles X. and Napoleon III. might come up for the occasion to encourage him to ; " swear." When Home Tooke was-asked to sign the Thirty-Nine articles, He-re plied, " With pleasure ; one hundred and thirty nine if you wish." ; It is not in that spirit the finest peasantry under the sun would like to see Harry ithe Fifth endorse the points of their" charter. No matter what he may recant, or the I "dispensations" he may receive, the| Oomte de Ohambord may become King, owing to the "accident of an accident," but he will never be the corner-stone of the nation, but a target for a few years for paper pellets and the whips and scorns of time. May he be delivered from being another kind of target, like | his dearly beloved cousin, Louis Philippe, j whose life was attempted once a year, owing, perhaps, to his habit of carrying a I Sally Gamp umbrella, which made him | so remarkable and—famous. The more the country desires to possess a common sense Republic, the stronger becomes the determination of the chance majority in the Chamber to bestowupon it a Monarchy. The people certainly do not want this kind of greatness .thrust upon it, but their sovereign Assembly is like woman—" if she will do't, she will; and there's an end on't." Besides, the Royalists are not at all fools—quite another appellation according to their opponents—and would not drag their King through the mud, if they did not believe he would emerge " a thing of beauty and a joy for ever." It is,not thought that the Radicals are an inch nearer power, since they have selected the "Red" Prince Napoleon for chief. This alliance is one of the latest additions to "the sweep aspect of princes." The moderate Republicans find, like the Egyptians of old, that their strength for the moment lies in sitting still.; The last subject patriots think about is the certain hard whiter staring both citizens and rurals in the face. It is a mistake to calculate upon private charity to relieve a coming misery of vast pro-! portions. The State has had to suspend public works — fortifications and the manufacture of big guns excepted—on the ground of economy, and the people have made all the bone- scraping retrench ments possible. The French, bear in; mindj are the only nation who have sue-; ceeded in making an'appetising dish out of dissolved bones—osseins. May the bones even be forthcoming, as' there are ugly rumors that the tax-gatherer will lay on his stripes with a heavy hand, no matter what form of Government, or pos sibly none at all, may be established. We have desired to rid ourselves of the invader, and. must. pay. for the .whistlej that charmed him away. The "Five f Milliards Polka" is very much in vogue, for 36,000,000 of people.can dance to; it,. but it sends a shiver through one, creates a sensation like what a person in con sumption must feel when his health has been toasted. Yes, the hardships of the ensuing winter promise to be exceptionally severe ;. the misery cannot be so success fully disposed of. as the cholera, and the purse of Sir Richard Wallace does not, after all, equal that of Fortunatus, for no 1 foreigner—Prussians excepted—is ever ! prevented from bestowing donations and | practising good works. The Jews have just celebrated the Eippour, or Feast of Atonement, which requires a fasting and praying for 24 hours, as well as cessation from all worldly callings. Wonder what would be the effect if politicians were to try the effects of a Kippour'? More especially in the case of the writer of the latest pamphlet, who profoundly observes in the opening passage—" That it is necessary to create a new world, as .that which is ancient is dead, and that which is new-born will immediately die." To their credit be it said, the Jews abstain as a body from political agitations ; some of the ablest writers in the Paris journals are Jews, and members of that persuasion occupy most important official positions. While the teeth of their co-religionists continue to be drawn—not on the painless extrac tion.Bystem—in Roumania,. here in Paris the Jews can find a temporary Promised Land, because France is perhaps-rich -in the production of all that is temporary.. Sufferance, however, is the badge .of alt their tribe, as being very wealthy, every Christian charity appeals to them, and with success, for assistance. They are particularly distinguished for the great; attention they devote" to all their religious' duties. The Jewish colony is divided into some.ten or twelve sections, or tribes when a member dies every survivor is said to contribute the thousandth or less quota' of the funeral expenses. If declined, -the amount is carried, to a general rolief fund. In some hours.Razaine will be placed on bis trial, which may last for six or twelve weeks. His own story' is now republished in a popular .form, which" is strange, as many consider his book the most damning piece of evidence againBt him. The journals abound in plansAf.battierfiplds and maps! of Metz," and the carpet Moltkes demonstrate .in qnite an offhand way, "tliat if the Marshal had done this and avoided that we would have had the French' army no w quartered in Berlin; Likely the two fair equestriennes, whose evidence piqiie3 curi osity so much, will also condemn the prisoner's strategic, skill.. It is rather too much to expect that in the tremen dous struggle among the * newspapers, home" anf foreign, to report the trial, the sensational press of' Paris will not hold its own. Any moment after the indictment has been read the" announce ment that the accused has been found guilty may be expected. One can never forget the "harrowing details," obtained at an "immense expense," supplied by a journal of Kmperor Maximilian's execu tion at Queretaro a month before it took place. In all the changes and chances in the French character, politics apart, .no one can ever upbraid the working of the tribunals in their dispensation of justice: The trial-may ,be tedious or shortj direct or ipinute, but it will be-exhaustive, and the judgment delivered sound; • He heapeth' up riches hndknoweth not who shall gather them, may be well applied to the late Dr. Nelaton, who left his immense wealth to his son; and the latter is about supplying what his father omitted. Pray remember the poor, , for it is rather a good fashion to do so, and deserves to ibe encouraged, especially on the part of men like Nelaton, who nobly rose from indigence to honors and-wealth. ; Young Helaton contemplates erecting and endowing an hospital for incurables. Strange dedication for a distinguished man, who was, famous.for curing every body ■ 'but himself. ; In any case some journals recommend that the building be rapidly pushed forward and the pretenders of all sorts admitted for lifei People enquire what has Rocheforb done with all his fortune, for in the latter months of his cometic career he was reaping golden harvests. In the late, sale of his household furniture, all it brought was some 3,000 francs, and the executor of his estate avows that is all the means of support left for his children. It is then 3,000 francs more than possess the children of those duped Communists whom Rochefort pushed to their natural termination. ;It is a common saying among the workpeople that no matter whether the revolutions they take part in be successf ul or otherwise all they receive in any;case iB-the blows. Perhaps the richest and most lucky man in France is the Due d'Aumale, yet he is not at all popular. His ambition is to be "second" in Gaul. His wealth will go to . the Combe de Paris . in the natural course of things, -who is not a millionaire. It has therefore; been ,, a fortunate occasion for the Count to be re instated in the family castle' of Amboise, famous in history for the triumph of the Guises over the ''dumb captain," the Prince of Conde, and where decapitations and . hangings continued for a mdhth before the castle, and where' the young King, his brothers, their attendants, and the ladies of the Court were daily spectators. A short time ago the.Comte and Comtesse de Paris visited this pro perty after being restored to them, in a very quiet manner and alone. " Hot being known, the house-porter, like all: such Cerberuses in France, was rude. The Count threw open the window of the dining-room to admire the landscape, and was ordered not to do so by the. .porter. The two visitors inspected other portions of the building, and on- departing passed through the dining-room, when the porter brutally called upon the Count to close the window; y The latter replied coldly, "I shall.dosb-when I come-to inhabit the castle* in a few weeks." • i,The porter was' dismissed for his insolent bearing, and stfch-is thehistory of the Aoise* made about the poor coiiciergbLaving been sent adrift, &e.; ; . ! - ■ We have had another suicide with the revolver by an officer, "who was disgusted with life,, after squandering a fortune to produco. that. feeling.- The .-best way !of stopping this , mania, how so much the modej is for the' press to pass over in silence' -theatrical descriptions of the events. More interesting is the account of a poor man, whol lost .his affectionate wife, and by an 0vidian metamorphosis believed.himself changed into a weeping willow... He went about.the streets with a flower-p'ot 'on, his head, announcing his transformation—" '.Tis a mad world, my masters." " ! We are "to have, when the exhibition] of very interesting Oriental curiosities closes, a show of all the articles connected with babydom, such as cradles and perambula tors,, feeding bottles and feet ; jars, lolly popsAnd toys^ squills'and" night' lights, soothing syrups ?and clotl^g/> " Literal ture"will not be neglected;; from A 3 G's upito Cindrefla,: jack in the Bean-stalk,; ] and kindred infahtile classics will find. a local habitation. ' "A - ; ; . ' Deputies are reported to be rehearsing their intended speeches for the forthcom ing Assembly,1 with their' wives for an audience. It is hinted that not a few of the. representatives will arrive ih the Chamber with two or three discourses, to; | suit circumstances, as thoughtful patriots acted during -the Reign' of Terror. ~ On Monday evening a meeting of rate payers" waa held at the White Conduit Inn to consider the question of the Mayoralty; Mr.;J, Geason occupied the chair. Mr. J. M; Solomon, M.P., proposed, and Mr. J. Dignnm seconded, Mr. Councillor Allottras a fit and proper person, as Mayor.>• Mr. J". Heed proposed, and MK JEL Oarbis seconded, Mr; P. Kverdell. I A vote was.taken, and declared in;faTor of Mr. Ever. delL The;'question, of Councillor for. Gawler . Ward wastben.goneinto, and.Messrs. Raphael andT.Cox—addressed-the -meeting. ^A vote of thanks' wa'saccorded" to' the'""Chaifmah for; the impartial mannerdh.which he had fulfilled"^ the duties attached to that position! The meeting, whioh was'rather a-noisy onej then closed. : Gbeat Salb. of Jewellebt, Dahaged br SB A'Wateb, and'scld at auction on account of J .the Under writers.'' • Important'announcement. ' —.JV; •M.r.WENDX,' 84j'ftun^Ie-street, having purchased •. at auction- the - Three iCases of Jewellery and Watches, ex July Overland Mail steamer N.ubis, more or Iobs damaged by salt water,, will offer .them to. his friends and the public on and after-Monday,-.the . 8th Sep tember, for two weeks, only, at prices much BESS than E&'GLisH-.OOST. This' w-«a Genuine Sale, and as a great part of theTgoods are very slightly affected, it offers a rare opportunity to secure beaettfol abtiolts-at;ridiculously low prices. Kememhcr—For two weeks only.. First day of Sale—Monday, September 8.—J. M, Wendt, Watchmaker and Jeweller 81, Bundle , treet, sttbo 