SOCIALITIES. A PARTY of aborigines on the march do not hamper themselves with much luggage. When dinner-time comes round the men throw themselves on the ground, and watch with the stolidity of the savage the efforts of their wives and daughters to provide for their wants. One woman lights the fire, while another runs up a tree, pulls the blinking 'possum from his hole, and throws it to a third, who quickly roasts it upon the burning embers. The frugal repast ready, the men gather around the fire, pull, in the absence of knives and forks, the smoking marsupial to pieces, and chuck over their shoulders to the squatting squaws in the rear such portions as they do not feel inclined to eat themselves. It is unlike the dinner party of the white man, both from its absence of ceremony and the rude simplicity with which the claims of the women to attention are ignored. We, with the varnish of civilisation on us, pay publicly the most polite attention, if not to our own wives and sisters, at least to those of other men. We offer them our arms from the drawingroom to the dinner-table (the hollowness of which form is shown by the fact that no one "in society" would walk arm in arm with a woman up Collins-street); we unbend to the lady we have taken down, and talk nonsense about the opera, the last ball, or whatever other light subject we think her mind capable of grasping; we rise when she rises, and wouldn't let her open the door for the world; when we join her in the drawing room we wait on her as if she were a helpless cripple, turn over the music when she plays, hold her bouquet, and pick up her handkerchief; when she is going home we again give her our arm down stairs, help her on with her cloak, see her into her carriage, pull down the blinds, and even save her the trouble of speaking by giving the direction "home" to the coachman. And yet, and notwithstanding all this public parade of loyalty and devotion to the sex, we treat our women with as little true consideration in many matters as the aborigines do. Watch the man at breakfast with his morning paper. His wife and some of his more civilised female children are allowed to sit at table with him. His women sit hungrily around, watching for the stray scraps of news he may deign to throw them. "Mrs. X. Y. Smith has a baby," he says, and without further satisfying them by reading the date of the interesting event, or even the sex, he plunges headlong into the leading article, and after keeping the paper for half an hour with a savage disregard to their natural feelings of curiosity, throws it, when his own appetite is perfectly satisfied, like a squeezed orange or a picked opossum, for his squaws to make the most of. Then again—men's amusements of every kind are recorded on the scroll of fame: their scores at cricket, their goals at football, their billiards, rifle matches, chess games, hunting meets—everything they do. Women, too, have games—often very nice little games— they play croquet, bezique, and bagatelle; they make efforts at tea meetings and bazaars, which, if rewarded as men reward their own feats of dexterity or strength, would win for their performers silver cups and challenge trophies, and yet these prodigies of skill and address are silently passed over in the man-conducted press, while whole columns are given to the description of how Cosstick b Wardill 12, or whether South Melbourne kicked the ball fairly through the Carlton goal. The blackfellows don't profess anything like strong devotion to their womankind; we do—but with such facts as these before us our professions are a hollow mockery. Appearances matter very little to a man with the solid attractions of wealth to plead for him. A man not abso- lutely a cripple or a deformity—not hideous enough to make dogs fly or children cry at his presence, but still so ugly as to excite feelings of aversion in the minds of all his male friends, will, if gifted with the beauties of a large balance, and the good reputation that follows the possession of much money, find favour in the eyes of the fair sex greater than if he were a poverty-stricken beauty. It is not that women are mercenary. They hate money. They always marry for love; and they have not words strong enough, without speaking in italics, to express their loathing and detestation of the wretched creatures who marry from sordid motives. In fact, it is women who keep the idea of disinterested affection alive in the world; and yet, strange as it may appear, the ugly little brutes with the root of all evil deeply implanted in them manage, somehow, to carry off whatever pretty girls they require as wives. There is wit in gold, an eloquence in ready money, a soft per- suasiveness about 50,000 sheep and carriages in town and country that blinds the eyes of the lovely ones, and things arc not what they seem. Merits are imagined for the ill- favoured one: he is so universally respected that he must be good; you meet him at the best houses, and he is made welcome everywhere; he is not handsome, certainly, but what, after all, are appearances? Do not all men listen when he speaks, and all women try and make themselves agreeable? No one is so easily persuaded as one's self, and the pretty girls show a truly Christian charity in overlook- ing the defects of the ugly possessor of money. But let him be poor as well as ugly, and she is at once awake to all his faults. She wonders at the impertinence of the crea- ture in imagining for a moment that she would think of him, and declares that if he had the wealth of all Australia her opinion would be the same. Which simply proves that the copybook was right when it declared that "Circum- stances alter cases." No one more truly values the wisdom or admires the genius of our ancestors than I do, but, at the same time, I consider the comparisons that are frequently made about the degeneracy of the present generation are needlessly offensive. We should remember that our ancestors had a virgin field to work upon. Some of our ancestors were, no doubt, very clever fellows, and took advantage of their opportunities to pick up all the good thoughts they found floating about in the world; but because they have taken the words out of our mouths, and established systems of morality, religion, and philosophy; because they have come before us, and said nearly all the things that were worth saying; simply because they have worked but the richest claims of the human mind, and left only the intellectual tailings for their miserable descendants to fossick in—is that any reason why we should be regarded as degenerate? I have not the slightest ill-feeling towards our ancestors as a body, but it is rather galling to a man who feels that he only wanted to be an ancestor himself to be distinguished to have them and their wisdom thrown as often as they are in his teeth. The proper way of looking at it would be to suppose our ancestors and ourselves put together in the same age. Would not we have as good a chance, as they of catching some of those bright gems of thought that have made their reputation, and might it not even be possible that some of us would have put things in rather a neater form? Besides, our ancestors were privileged to crib and plagiarise to their hearts' content from each other, so that we never can tell whether the thoughts that are ascribed to one of them are really his own or not; while, if a modern is caught at it, every one is down on him. The modern, too, is trammelled and tied down by rules of composition that the ancient, happily, was free from. He must keep, if not to facts, at least to some slight semblance of probability in his writings. Ancient plays, stones, and poems have seldom a more connected plot in them than a sleeper weaves together in a dream after a heavy supper. What chance for the play of his imaginations has a dramatist of the present day in competing with the ancients, when he finds Shakspeare, to say nothing of Ben Johnson and Beaumont and Fletcher (who haven't one possible, not to say probable, plot between them), allowed to work out his ideas with the aid of such monstrosities as the Jew doing a bill in human flesh, or the ghost of Hamlet's father acting the part that Mr. Robert- son would now-a-days be compelled by public opinion to assign to a detective policeman? Such a play as the "Midsummer Night's Dream" I have no fault to find with; it was pure fancy, and did not pretend to be anything else; but when what was intended to represent reality had to be helped along by ghostly and supernatural agencies, the ad- vantage on the side of our ancestors was so great that the moderns have just ground of complaint. INTERESTING speculations have been indulged in as to what becomes of the used pins, and various theories have been started to account for this loss. Some fall into the cre- vices of the floor, some are swept out by the maid, a por- tion get stuffed into the sofa to prick us in our hours of ease, and a certain per-centage are swallowed by the chil- dren. From whatever cause, they disappear, and the pin- maker's labour is likely to be always in demand. Who can account for the disappearance of the used-up friends? Where is Tom, Dick, or Harry of 20 years ago, that we once fondly hoped would fight by our side to the last in the great battle of life? Where is our sister's Polly, Kate, or Clara, whom she permitted to read her diary and love letters, and made the confidante of her heart's young affection? Gone like the pins; lost in the cracks of the life path we thread, and trampled on; swept away by the great scavenger, Time, into the dust-pan of forgetfulness; and not a few, alas! swallowed up, also, by the children, who devour pins and old friends with equal unconcern. Speak- ing generally, we form old and lasting friendships at 20, lose them about 30, regret them in a sentimental manner at 40, and are serenely indifferent to their loss from 50 upwards. But the old friend, like old porcelain, cannot be replaced: the value of the friendship may have existed only in imagination, there may have been nothing more tangible about it than in the thousand and one dreams of our youth that we have all dreamt and forgotten, but from the very fact that it was a youthful dream, and therefore very sweet and pleasant, it would be good for us to try and realise it as far as it is possible. The recipe for preserving old friends is known to few. It requires such quantities of the milk of .human kindness as to make the operation almost impossible. Neither you nor the old friend, must shoot far ahead of the other in the race of life: a dissimilarity of social position makes the preservation all but impossible. Marriage is usually fatal to it, especially when followed with abundant children; for the little ones, besides distracting yourself, have a way of their own of distracting your thoughts from the claims of friendship. Roving habits are incompatible with old friendship, and poverty kills it outright. But easy-going bachelors and old maids, whose minds are not soured at being left to bloom alone, may, especially if in the possession of a com- petency, retain the illusions of youth to the end of the allotted three-score years and ten. Happy mortals! to grasp the shadow of a dream by the hand, and imagine they hold it fast for a lifetime! A VVERY sad tale, but one in which a useful moral lies if properly applied, comes to us from the late Italian opera season. At the door of a well-known house, in a fashion- able quarter of our city, there stood a gentleman and three ladies clad in evening costume, and bound for the opera. The carriage had to wait while a slight discussion took place. The matron of the party is insisting that the fair young girl, her charge, must have a wrap to shield her from the night air when she leaves the warm house. The young lady remonstrates; she does not wish to keep them waiting; she hates going to the cloak-room; she has nothing alse with her. The matron is determined, however; she has left a wrap out expressly for her on the foot of her bed, and the young lady friend can avoid the cloak-room by carrying it under her opera shawl. The girl obeys, goes up-stairs in the dark and gets the wrap, brings it down under the shawl, enters the carriage with the light step of youth, and is whirled away with her friends to hear Moses sing down the Egyptian magicians, and see him lead his countrymen across the present route of the P. and O. Company's boats. According to directions, the wrap was thrown over the back of her seat and forgotten. Forgotten for a short three hours, but to be remembered for a lifetime by her and her companions! Why did not the waters of the Red Sea swallow it up with Pharoah and his host? Why did not the too, too solid floor of the dress circle melt, so as to drop her and her confusion into the yawning gulf beneath? The opera is over, the ladies rise, and the gentleman springs to assist them with their cloaks, when horror! anguish! de- struction! he holds up a pair of unmentionable wraps, that ladies are not in the habit of wearing with their evening dress. The despair of that party on their sad return home it boots not to tell. The owner of the "wraps" was sitting up waiting for his wife and friends. They told him the terrible tale, with voices broken with emotion, and hysterical gasps that almost resembled laughter, when, to their re- newed astonishment, the master of the house jumped up, and with the deepest concern cried, "What! Mine? Goodness gracious, there was £20 in the right pocket!" All is well that ends well. The wrap was searched, the money found, and my moral is that young ladies should be very careful how they go in the dark for any article to a gentle- man's bedroom. WOMEN are naturally keener observers and truer artists than men. There is a lightness of touch in the fingers of the fair sex, a delicacy of perception, and a skill in the delineation of character that men can never approach. This is strikingly perceptible in the different treatment of the subject of absent friends by men and women. Both sexes are actuated by a candid desire to be true to all the demerits of the absent one at any expense to their own feelings, but the reputation which the woman delicately picks to pieces, the man can only rudely tear asunder. The delight that dear friends experience in picking each other to pieces is proportionate to the affection they entertain for one another. There is comparatively little pleasure in picking a stranger or an indifferent acquaintance to pieces. We don't know where to look for the tender places; we don't feel the affectionate interest in the failings and foibles of the stranger that lends such a relish to the repast on the reputation of the absent bosom friend. A woman can certainly pick another to pieces, in regard to such trifles as her dress or manners, that she has met but once; she can find out the flaws in her green merino, and wonder at her bad taste in laughing so much when the gold of her teeth is so very perceptible; she can sincerely pity her husband in esse for being tied to a woman who flirts so outrageously, or her husband in posse for what he will have to endure from her temper; but the pleasure she derives from such innocent gossip about a stranger is trifling. It is when women get into confidential chats over the misdoings of an old and valued mutual friend that the real pleasure of picking to pieces begins. With the pity that is so near akin to love they speak of her temper, her airs, her conceit, or her extravagance. One remembers when she was such a nice, unaffected little thing, and wonders how on earth the change has taken place. "Ah! my dear," the other sighs, with the satisfaction one is so apt to feel at the back sliding of a friend, "she always was conceited. Don't you remember, long before she was married, how she used to disgust every one with her mincing ways?" "Well, perhaps so; but you must acknowledge she is far worse now than ever she was. That blue tabinet she had on to-day is the third new dress to my knowledge she has had this season, and you heard her say yourself she was going to Draper and Mercer's to get another. How her husband stands it is a mystery to me. She has been to the opera three times every week." "That doesn't cost her husband much, at all events. She always went with Charley Gayboy, and it wouldn't surprise me to hear he paid for more than her opera tickets. For my part, I don't see much difference between letting a gentleman pay for amusements for you and new dresses. Take my word for it, one thing leads to another. Did you notice her diamond earrings?" "Ah! indeed I did, and I was very sorry to see them. Some one should speak to her husband." "Between ourselves, I think he knows more about it than you or I do; the man is neither blind nor a fool." "Well, I'm really sorry for her. I used to be so fond of her; and then just to think of the poor children if anything happens." "I think that's the worst point about her; she doesn't seem to have the slightest natural feeling for her children. She told me the other night, at Mrs. Dash's ball, that little Florence was crouping away the whole time she was dressing!" "Shocking!" "Isn't it?" And thus they chatter gaily along of the absent one, who is very likely chattering about them in much the same style, if she is in company with any one who knows them well enough to make the picking to pieces interesting. THE prospect in store for those who hate letter writing is anything but agreeable. Month by month new ideas on the subject of postal communication with every part of the world are being broached, and we may live to see the time when the home mail will be closed in Melbourne every morning at half past 9 o'clock. This is very sad, when one comes to think of the amount of labour involved in writing a letter, and the increased number that will be written with the increased facilities. I have always considered that making up one's mind to write was the serious part of the matter; and, hitherto, people have been given a month to do it in, but what with Java mails, Californian mails, fort- nightly mails to Suez, mails by the Cape route, and by and bye an overland mail to Port Darwin, we must keep our minds in a constant state of preparation. We all know the fuss and bother banking and commercial men have been wont to make about mail time. An eagerly expected rubber is broken up at the last moment by a note from one of the quartette, saying he must be up all night writing for the mail, and leaving the survivors the melanchoJy option of dummy, or three-cornered cribbage. Nice young men from the banks disappoint the ladies who had counted on them for their dancing parties, and the ramifications of the mail nuisance extend into every class of society. To have this nuisance enlarged and exaggerated, to have people who should be engaged in making themselves socially agreeable tied constantly down to their desks writing letters for a never-ending round of mails, and to have no one idle enough to spend the evening in friendly chat or the im- proving rubber, is the future in store for Victoria. Those who will suffer most are the business men with an insati- ablo appetite for work and money, and, as they will have brought the misfortune on themselves, no one can pity them, but it is very hard for the innocont idlers, for no fault of their own, to be condemned to suffer with them. And here an awful horror falls upon me. Will The Austral- asian Sketcher catch the epidemic, and come out for each post that leaves our shores for the east, west, or north; and will I too, be expected to sit up all night writing "Sociali- ties" for the mail? M. or N. 