ff ate$t NEW GUINEA.—The important announcement appears in our telegraph column to-day that daptain John Moresby, of Her Majesty's war steamer Basilisk, has in the name of the Queen taken possession of the splendid territory of New Guinea. THE INSPECTOR OF PUBLIC-HOUSES. — On Wednesday the Government in Executive Council considered the report of the Board appointed to investigate regarding the truth of certain charges brought by Mr. Fiveash against the Inspector of Public-Houses, and the finding has been communicated to the Commissioner of Police. The decision is adverse to Mr. Galbraith, who will be required to quit the Government service immediately. HOURS OF LABOUR.—A public meeting, in furtherance of the eight hours movement, will be held this evening in the Port Town Hall. ST. PETER'S COLLEGIATE SCHOOL.—The distribution of honours at this institution took place to-day, at 1 o'clock. THE ROAD ACT.—A special meeting of the District Chairmen's Association was held to-day, at the Norfolk Arms, to discuss the proposed amendments of the Road Act. THE RAINFALL. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Wednesday and the same hour on Thursday at the undermentioned places :— Adelaide Wallaroo Clare ... . Melrose ... ., Mount Barker Gumeracha . 0-075 0-050 0-030 0-100 0-045 0-080 Willunga... 0-270 Normanvtlle ... 0-085 Port Elliot ... 0*050 McGrath's Flat. 0-010 Robe 0-020 Wentworth(NBY?) 0-010 TEETOTAIISH.—The first General Committee meeting of the Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union since the annual gathering took place in the Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening, June 18; the President, Mr. J. Pickering, M.P., in the chair. After some discusaon upon finances, it was announced that 3,000 copies of the Rev. J. Bickford's recent sermon on " Total Abstinence" bad been printed and were now ready to be issued. The following were elected, in accordance with Rules 6 and 7, as Business Executive:—The officers and Messrs. C. Crossman, J. Vardon, F. W. Wood, P. A. Hovtells, M. March, J. Hill, Watkins, jun., and Mason. Legislative Executive—The officers and Messrs. P. LeCornu, W. Long, S. Pickering, G. Bickle, E. Knewles, and H. Jessop, Mr. P. A. Howells, convener. A telegram having been received from Melbourne announcing the death of Mr. Watson, the following resolution was adopted, to be forwarded to the widow: — " That this Committee regrets to hear of the death of Mr. J. Watson, who recently visited this city, and was present at our Annual Conference, and that the sincere sympathy and condolence of the League be conveyd to the widow in her bereavement." " THE KAPONDA EVENING NEWS."—We have received copies of the first issue of this paper, which Mr. E. Ward has published at the Guardian Office. We extract the following references, dated Wednesday, June 18, regarding the state ef the scrip market:—" Kapunda is still keeping to the fore in share transactions, and upwards of 3,000 shares in the Edel-Marie have been purchased by residents here since last week. This morning they were sold at 22s. 6d, and Princess Louise's last night at £3. Thomson's Kapundas last sales realised 8s. premium, and the United Tradesmen's Prospecting Venture was completed last night." Mr. Tom Hill reports:—" I have sold to-day Edel-Maries at 22& €d.; Thomson's, at 8s. premium; Tyekas, 2s. premium; and Princess Louise's at prices ranging from £3 to £3 10s.; Kapunda Yams I quote at £217s. 6dL" THEATRE ROYAL.—The pantomime brought out at the Royal nearly a fortnight ago appears to have lost none of its popularity. OnWednesdey evening the auditorium was well filled, and for more than two whole hoifrs the music and amusements, fun and frolic, singing and dancing, together with the elegant spectacular 'scenes, kept the audience in a continual state of pleasurable excitement. " Nan the Good for Nothing" concluded the evening's amusements. As the Theatre will close on Saturday, there remain but three more opportunities of seeing the pantomime, EXECUTIVE COUHCIL.—His Excellency the Governor held a Council on June 18, at which all the Ministers were present except the Commissioner of Crown Lands. EXCHANGE ETIQUETTE.—The crowding of the Exchange Colonnade to the inconvenience of passers by has been frequently the subject of remark; but until Wednesday, June 18, no steps were taken to secure a remedy. A peaceable citizen represented the matter to the Commissioner of Police, and he then promptly told off a constable, whose only duty it is to keep a promenading space clear for people who wish to walk along the thoroughfare. The policeman took up his post of duty on Wednesday, and was immediately beset by a host of brokers, who plied him with banter. They pretended to regard him as a capitalist with an unlimited stock of Port Darwins, Edel- Maries, and all sorts of other shares, and they almost plagued the wits out of him by reiterated questions as to whether he had such and such stock, and what price he wanted. The poor fellow assured them that he was nothing beyond an "innocent 'Bobby," and that they were making him a party to just the' thing he was commissioned to prevent. The appeal was not without effect, and so No. 71 was allowed to perambulate his beat without much further molestation, the share-dealers, however, confidently affirming that their visitor will speedily be metamorphosed into a full-blown member of their fraternity, and that this action on the part of the Commissioner is likely to have a disorganizing effect upon the whole force. DESERTION FROM SHIPS.—As desertion has become a frequent occurrence, the following clipping from MitcheWs Maritime Register will probably interest sailors, captains, agents, and owners:—"At the Thames Police Court, Heniy Robinson, a seaman on board the ship Hallowe'en, lying in the South-West India Dock,• Was charged with deserting. James Ward, the captain, said that the defendant signed articles for two years, to go from London to Sydney and back, at £3 per month. On October 26,- last year, the defendant deserted at Sydney, and another man had to be substituted, at the increased rate of £6 per month. He next saw the defendant at Green's Sailors' Home, East Indiaroad, as he was about to receive his pay from a vessel he had sailed in after deserting at Sydney. He told the master of that vessel not to pay him as he had deserted from witness's ship. It took 100 days to come from Sydney, and the defendant's wages would have amounted to £9 for the 100 days, whereas the substitute cost £19, independent of a loss of over £10 which the owners had sustained through the defendant's desertion. The defendant said he left by the captain's free permission. The skipper told him and several others that if they wished to be discharged at Sydney they could do so. In cross- examination, the captain said that several men deserted at Sydney, but he did not tell the defendant that he could follow the same course. He offered a reward of several pounds to any person who would bring the defendant back. He did not discharge the defendant at Sydney, or tell him he might leave. It was necessary that there should be a stop to seamen deserting at foreign ports, as it was of frequent occurrence, and put the owners to great inconvenience and cost. The reason seamen so deserted was because they received higher wages on their homeward voyage, as captains were so frequently deficient of hands that they were glad to ship men at double the rate rather than delay their vessels And put owners to unnecessary cost. The Magistrate said the defendant had rendered himself liable to forfeit the wages he had earned on his outward voyage, and also for the voyage home. He sentenced Mm to 12 weeks' imprisonment with hard labour." A SUBSTANTIAL GHOST.—The authorities of the Government of Tulosch in Russia are engaged, with indifferent success, in the task of laying a ghost. A soldier, lately shot for insubordination, in the opinion of the country folk, was unjustly executed, and therefore deserving of the honours awarded to a martyr. Accordingly he was no sooner buried than they biought wax candles, pictures of saints, crosses, and even money to place on the hillock beneath which he lay. Masses for the dead were said in profusion over his grave, and he was regarded not only as a martyr, but as a saint. The police authorities attempted to put a stop to the affluence of pilgrims to the impromptu, shrine by levelling the grave, but this measure only made matters worse, as the people considered it a desecration of the holy place, and brought more gifts than ever. The martyr also began himself to appear ia a transparent condition, carrying a cross. This was on grand occasions. His " rndress" manifestations consisted of a light blue flame flickering over the grave. He now became eager for more masses, and appeared to several women to proffer a request that their attentions might be renewed. In short, the last advices state that he has taken such hold on the affections of the populace by his diaphanous appearance and winning ways that the police are sorely puzzled what to do next. Meantime the innkeepers are doing well, and are suspected by unimaginative persons of complicity in the transparent fraud.—The Echo, NARROW ESCAPE I'ROM DROWNING. — The correspondent at Penola of the Border Watch has supplied the following account of a critical affair:—"A young gentleman named Davis, an articled pupil of Mr. F. J. Packard, has recently constructed a canvas boat of very ligLt material, rather too frail to trust on the swamps about here. However, it has been used successfully in shooting expeditions. One advantage seemed to be its lightness, for he would frequently be seen trudging home with it oa bus head with the greatest ease. However, a shooting party was arranged on Tuesday last, consisting of the Rev. Mr. Marshall, Mr. F. J. Packard, Inspector Hunt, and the owner of the boat. They took a light bpring-carfc and the boat with them with the intention of getting some shooting at the swamps near the town. Mr. Davis launched the boat on the large swamp between the .Penola Station and Woolshed to get at some swans in the centre. There are large tufts of rushes and also many weeds in the swamp, and the water is also of a good depth. Upon getting within shot he inconsiderately fired over the side of the boat instead of along the line of keel, and the consequence was that the recoil caused her to ship water on the other side. Seeing that she was rapidly filling Mr. Davis jumped out and found that the water was up to his mouth. After some time he managed to get on a higher tussock than the rest, and emptied the boat and righted her, but he could not possibly get in. All sorts of suggestions were made from the water to the snore and from the shore to the water, but nothing of a feasible nature appears to have been done to rescue him until Mr. Marshall stripped and went in; but he found the wr.ter after some time too much for him, and had to come out. Mr. Packard also attempted unsuccessfully to do the like, but the water was numbing and deepest round the shore, anA Mr. Davis was a long way in. He found it best not to move, as several attempts only precipitated him into deeper w.ter. Though agood swimmer he found it impossible to do anything in that way, encumbered as he was with his clothes and the rushes and weeds. Mr. Forster, the overseer of the station, had been fetched, and tried all he could to reach the place on horseback, but his horse proved very obstinate, and could not be got to travel in the water. After a long time Donald Fitzgerald, a lad employed on the station, came to the rescue, and succeeded in getting near enough on horseback to throw his stockwhip to Mr. Davis, who caught it, and was dragged ashore in a state of insensibility; in fact, he says he has no recollection whatever of the lad coming in the water, nor of seizing the whip. He was taken up to the station, and every care and attention was shown by Mr. Forster. The doctor was at once fetched, and after some time Mr. Davis was brought round, and eventually was able to come home. It is believed by the doctor that had he been five minutes longer in the water he must have been drowned, as he was so paralysed that nothing could have saved him. It will scarcely be believed, though such is the fact, that Mr. Davis was two hours in the swamp in the immediate vicinity of poles, ropes, hurdles, sheets 'of bark, and other appliances, that any one would imagine something could have been devised from. It must be gratifying to the lad to have saved a fellow- creature's life. Mr. Davis is able to get about, but is still very weak. Being evidently of a strong constitution he will soon be all right again." 