HOSPITAL SUE DA Y IE Mpr DO r PEP. " JrtC 1 Hbs''ital'!j,""laJ movement J,n, bcc corded a liearty co-operation hv flm „„ , Melbourne and I he surrounding m evidenced by I bo result „f ycslciday's (oikctire' Uulortiiiialely. mviug |0 the cxtrcmelv „ pitieus slate of tbo vetilbcr, seme of th.- arran"" meuts, especially thoso for outdoor '..crvlcd rf ircscraicn, and tlie not amount realwd con Z queutly U.m somewhat diminished ; but in I every place ot worship, irrespective of natiounH, or denomination, there was a noMo and ready respons# lo ||,o call of chari'v It » intended Unit t ho following . shall participate in the amount raked — Th. Melbourne Hospital, Alfred Hospital. Melbourn! Benevolent Asylum, Lying-in Hospital, Hosniki for Sick Children, and Bye and Bar InStitnfion, The volunteer parades formed a pleasing featUIJ in tho day's proceedings. Tho service at n13 Town Ilall in tbo afternoon, at which th- Anglican Bishop of Melbourne presided, die, thousands of people, despite the inclement <tat, of the weather; and at tho service held in tl. Theatre Itoyal in the evening, when tho 8»v Chas. Clark preached, the interiorof the Iniifcj froth floor to ceiling was crowded. In a few oi it, churches in the suburbs no collections wen maj, in aid of tlie institutions, but this wasnst Attributable to any indisposition onthopatq tlio clergymen or the congregations conned!, .with them to joininthegood work, but wassimpl. owing to the fact that in some a collection oi behalf of the funds of the Melbonrno Hospital had heen made during tho current year, nnd :j regards others it was found that a collection would soricusly interfere witlithcirlinancial.it. rangements. The sum realised, so far as cm be ascertained from tho returns sent in at a bti hour last night, amounts lo £3108 73. pii Appended are tho particulars of the pi> cecdings in tho several churches and placq of worship at which collections were made i; Melbonrno and the suburbs. There are still some returns to come in, as in several instance! tho clutrcb officers refused to give the amount! collected until to-day. El'ISCOmiAX. Tlio parish of St. Jade's, Carlton, if. youngest of tho metropolitan occlesiaslfaj district, though, extensive, is tho reverse ol wealthy. 'The parishioners for the most partum fairly he classed as working men, yet tho iratl. hers that attended this church yesterday testily that the poor out of their poverty are ns willing to assist the sick and tlie needy as the rich out cl t liuir abundance. At the morning service lire in. ciinibcnl (the Rev. C. Stuart Perry) took bis lcx| front the 85tb verso of the 20th cliapttfr of tij Aelsef tbo Apostles—1 "It is more Idw-red to gin than to receive." "Benevolence, said the preacher is tho key note of tlie Hospital Sunday move num' 'Christians are called upon to manifest the truti of .their professions by the practical charity cl poiiring in tho oil and wine to the smitten <c|, i'ercra' wounds. Institutionssuch as those plea; for aro tho outcome ot Lliristianity. iiiecinha. tion of pagan Athens or llonie found no place i;t hospitals lor the sick or asylums for tlie aged and nlllieted. The bonevolence of true Christiansen not a passivo emotion, but an active work, h might exist so far as concerns the body wilham religion, but tho fruit of true Christian hencvo. lenco embraced a care for the wants both oi tin sotil nnd body. Tbo 'principle, of tlio world was the opposite, of the text ; tho strugc!) was to got ,uot to give, and linving got, men otta failed to remember that tlioy themselves la been recipients. Tho present opportunity wy special ; it offered no printed list to record fit gift, but for fulfilling tlie injunction "let not tit right hand know what thy left doetb, ' God v.lr seoth iu secret often rewarded openly. Let all remember tho Great Master's welcoming word-, " In that ye have done unto these, the least d my disoiples ye have done it unto me." Tli preacher concluded his sermon with a poweiid appeal to tlie sympathies of his hearers, urcir: on them the last injunction of the great Geiiii i apostle — " It is more blessed to give tin to receive." Tlio olt'crtory collection at th morning' sennon amounted to £32 lis. 11, 1, The gallery of tbo church was set spirt fji .the Carlton Ilitles, who attended in large num. bers, under the command of Major Iiadcli&. A collection made amongst the Sunday ScWi children in tlie afternoon amounted ('o£2 14s. The sermon in tlie evening was preached by tli ltev. Canon Chase, taking for his text a portic of t he 12tli verse of the 0th chapter of St. John: "Gather up the fragments which remain, tlio nettling be lost." Tlio lossou to he learnt was n give' well, mid the preacher laid stress upon thrj important points, tlie power, the will, and & manner of giving. Then bo rick in fruit, ar/i j offering the fragments of the feast of gin; I let the quality as well as the quantity ho j.«, I The evening, collection realised £11 fa 7:: I total amount collected during thedaywasfUClh I At Christ Church, Smith Yarra, thcRew Mr, I Guiimess preached from Luke x. 29;- 1 "Whoismy neighbor."' Muck nddrws ijbI ccssary in dealing with persons of acnpfeil spirit, and nothing was more admirable infil eondnctof Christ than tho manner in which 111 answered such, anil in the instance liefore cl in the preceding context, though the lawyer ml right . in the reply which he laid given, sotaal it answered the letter of tiro law, he hadiaihll to see the extent of tho obligation involved nl the second portion; namely, to love thv ncighlnl os-tliyself, and - would now endeavor to evades.! Hence Christ fui lliel- addressed him iu the ml bio of the good Samaritan, a parable mtec :!| chiefly to unfold the extent of true Chrcr.rl clmritv, which should abound, m ilmi'.-rl osted ' and earnest compassion for s.l and be regarded as a sacicd trirt >a| hy Christ to be fulfilled by His elm, tl Our community is not a large one, but nil wealthy on ono side, while from the force ot ur-B cumstanccs, the early hardships and irregular -siB of a mining population, and the distanceol tX| of us from relatives and friends, there is ocpi other sido a great amount of suffering, so tu| Christianity is called upon to put forth its »« in older to provide adequate nccominodalies il.t| thoso who aro in distress. Our present Iwn: aro admirable, but they may bo both cxten.41 ami improved, nnd the call now is to do«W| is' within our power, heartily, and with UH memory of oiir Divine Masters love. I At All .Saints', Church, Kast St. hihh(teJ.| II. Gregory's), the church was well filledattel inatinsaiid evensong. Theyev. incmiil,cnt prr.3 at both services, taking for his text in the z:r.'B in"Ps. xxxiv. 7, and in the evening JoMAB 14; both sermons having reference boic pb ticularly to the Festival of St. Michael aaiJ| Angels, of which yesterday was the ere. IB special hymn was sung at tlio morning ; « pi and in the evening nil appropriate anthem, m-B from Fs. I.vvi.4, nnd l>s. cxlvn. 4,, 5 :- hither and behold tlio works of tori , t' ,1 derful Ho is in His doing towards the cbitehB men. He hoalctli those that are loolm |» auii givctli medicine to heal their sicklies,. "- ! is the Lord, and great is His power ; ».#»« wisdom is infinite." The col lection hi _ .'I ing was — for general loud. ' . 'B Hoimcopatliic Dispensary, £l 0s. Grt. h I general fund, r»£22 19s.; Hoinaroii:it"c,A Gil.; total, £73 2s Fid. And at the wM| service a large gold ring was given in plates, the value being probably about U is, we believe, frequently the en istom 1 1 - when a congregation is worked into enth - by' an eloquent preacher, but very seWo ' of in this colony. , Tlio services at St. James s were coatete ... the Rev. J-. C. V. Allm.lt, IncnniL nUi | Stephen's, Portland. At tho morning took for bis text, St. Luke x. -j, Llj ' J are the eyc3 which see the things ; ! a : « For I tell ye that many prophe sued K'g desired to seo those things which jeseean not. seen tliem, and to hear those t S . vo hear and liave ljotkearcUhcin. Ike dwelt on tho. exceeding great and jra-M U vilcges of the first disciples in tliur» With the Saviour of tlio Horkl, whom . face to face, how they \vere witi.e.-scs o velloiis ncfe, having seeiUIim heal th out devils, giveight to tee blind, k(i B with a few loaves, liusli the raging of tta » a 'word, and with a word, raise the And yet daring the- Saviour) J groat multitudes were enlisted under H lor He bad no form l.or cotne iac», w men saw Him there was no beaut? ; G® J should desire Him. Ho aras duw jeeted of men, a man of sorrow5 ;l" A w JtjE with "lief, the reputed son of a hun wan, and His followers >»''oa»ed »«l 'JgJ men. Aud then it was s,1oa")t al)li j„elH privileges and blessings aro equal ' k-ceed, thoso which were enjoyo; Mg ' tB ciples, and then we !1'",Jll:j'tJIj|y SpiriL U to tho church, the gift of the > J although we could not see th je face to face, yet the holy writing ' ta|l!eB as familiar with His doingsas = |jB tbcin with our own eyes A»d iM tho voice of Jesus bad as . 11 . vteeii hwI'H ringing and peahug theeo mghtcen vonrs o cr liiinl unu sca. 0i.a11 liij, earth reinaineth tho hs nem lt£B whheartho things tot jo Christian privileges. Ho n m- |er fulfil tho duties '. Xr 'by fulfifc' give evidence of his Clirrotiani v j jo(f duties, by doing sjinic . "f let us Christ. Tbo preacher then_ , 'nm.lart J evidence of our Caiistiamt), , or day, not only by feelmgs o hH tears of thanksgiving, b»t by liberality. They were called u,«v — subscribe to certain nob le AanW t one might say, d >>i Christ Jesus, tlio Saviour cere for until Ho came .i11 carrieJ'H known. Lazarus, foll of rere., ftm to an institution firnilar uV .idorrc nnd helped to w , . -Mg trusted, m Gods sight, this c ) nc!ifl but lie bad to be bof f legate oMm | to long for the crumbs rrhwa . > , i,i„ »ml norliaiis. to long an 1 wait in T Ihit Since' cliiist Jcsm cams > all Ho- had Smcli-inced : anil charities such a.r tbov; w.iicu Iccn > clianfcii . |K.|., Wcic inw the appealed to of a„ christian lands. 8? Trust' > tkat lbo flirt Melbourne IloflnUl f | , ivoiild prove Jl thorough siucc.-:, > .IH-1 SubatGnil neu Id forChrisl'sMikc uijika tlieiii sllffio ba)'|'.V > inotruruciits of speeding tae bright angel of charity, wlw "Wlicn she sees > tlio sufferer bleed. ppckle of H or j>cct 01 ci Ci.Ut Cullies wiHi pi P' > Iwnil a»il look rhune, To hatho his womnla in oil nud.wine. Wn wi=e is in > the house of mourning, hut the in U.' of mirth/' Tin. ii I fi.p niornmz > auiotinioi to us-. S ovenms £11 is£ The Sablalb school (hilclren gathered £2 > 9s. Oil., making a total of At19ticJ,rrabran Church nf Kngbind (in St > Matthew's seliooMionse), the services were conducted both morning and > evening by the Row Jno Fnlfonl, tho morning sermon being taken iffm Mirk xii > 41 to M l subject— Tho widow s mite in the evening, John v. .1 ; snbjcct-Tho > cool at Betbcsda. The collections were-morn- ng, £0 Its. ; evening, £4 from > Sunday school, 'retoFs Church, Kastcru Hill, although tte attendance was > larger than usual, it fell short if what might have been oxpecteu bad the > Her been propitious. A rlnst storm was Morigg fiercely all tlio morning, and > this had rim effect no doubt of limiting tlio female portion if the > congregation. The morning service was .„.(1Ki ay the Rev. Canon Hamlfield, > w-lio 1 founded Ms appeal upon the parable of the Good Samaritan, taking the > text from fit. Luke i 36 37. The rev. gentleman delivered a most impressive > senium, and the subject derived additional interest from the fact that the > preacher fe himself well and widely known for Ins goo.1 works" few ministers > in this colony devoting themselves with greater zeal to the work of > nractical Christianity than tho Rev. cUn UandfieM, of St. Peter's In the > evening the sermon was preached by tho Ecv Charles Bromby from 1 > Corinthians, x. 31 ' Tho attendance was larger than at morning service, > although a considerable pro portion of those present were probably, as > usual, rot the legitimate congregation of tins church, but strangers > attracted thither by tho fine musical service which is a marked fcaturo of > this placo of worship. Tlio collections were— morning, €'39 Ids.; evening, > €2b 17s.; total, 12s. "At St. John tlic Evangelist, Toorak, the usual > lerrices were given, tlio -prayers being ami both sermons preached, by tlio > incumbent, the Rev W. Fellows The tnthem was appropriately choscu from tho > 21th l'salm. The subject of the morning's disconrse was that of the Good > Samaritan (St. Luke x. 37); that of the evening being 1 Corinthians, jjjj., > '3_"And though I bestow all rny roods to feed the poor, and though - J give > my body to be' burned, and have not charity, it profiteth mo nothing." Both > wero directed to praro that no matter what lamentable differences might > obtain among us in matters of faith, nothing could absolve us from our > personal re- iponsibility as regards matters of charity in its most extended > seuso. Tho two collections mounted to €50 Is. llol. At Christ Church, St. > Kilda, the sermon in the morning was preached by tho Rev. J. JJarlow, > incumbent of St. John's, Melbourne, tho text chosen being tho first sentence > of tlio 1 7th and (tlielSthandlfitli verses of tlio 1st Timothy, chap. > Mi.:—" Charge them that aro rich in this world .that they do good, that, > they bo rich in good forks, ready to distribute, willing to couimuni- rate, > Inyiug'up for themselves a good foundation igainst the time to come, that > they may lay hold on eternal life." In speaking to this subject the preacher > alluded briefly to tlio incumbent duty which pertained to all of doing good, > and lie Illustrated his arguments by referenco to the life nnd example', of > our Saviour. On this the preacher enlarged most earnestly at some length, > after which special allusion was made to Iho object for which the > collections of that day would he dedicated, nn'l liis hearers were i. > (dously urged to cont ribute according to their means. There was a largo > congregation, and the offerings amounted to i'17 Lis. fid. The evening > discourse was preached bv the incumbent of the church, tlio Rev. Stanley > Lowe, from Mark iii.4. Tho collecl ion amounted to £11 6s. Ud.; total for > the two services, £ fifl 2s. 2d. At Trinity Church, Balaclava, tlio Rev. Dr. > Eoato preached in tho morning from luke vii. Kith. He made nn eloquent ap > pal to the congregation to respond libe rally to the invitation to assist > the grant in- ititulions which helped the siifi'oriiig in their time of > need. There was collected in the morn- iug £24 18s. fid. In tho evening he > preached from Ep!icsiaii3 v. 21, nnd again sought to impress upon his > hearers tho necessity or 1 giving freely. The collection nuiountcd to €S Ss. > 4d. Tho total sum collected was .€33 Gs, 9d, hut as 12s. Gil. of this was > specially contributed with the understanding it should be applied to the use > oi the lfonnvopatliic Dispensary, the sum remaining for tlio charities is > €32 14s. 3d. At fit Luke's, Kiiierald-hill, which was en- I livened hv the > presence in their uniform of the E Volunteer Artillery Corps, tho . Rev. Canon Dickenson delivered a short address, taking for his text the 29th and following verses of tho lOtli chapter of St. Luke, the Parable of the Good Famaritan. The reverend gentleman drew a ilrikiug parallel between the poor and helpless Jew waylaid by thieves and the sick and clesli- Intein our hospitals, reminding his hearers that from whatever cause tliey wero reduced to the necessity of having recourse to public charity, whether from the consequence of culpable sin or Irom misfortune, still we must recognise tlio fact that tliey were there, and in a sail condition, re quiting our aid ; that the obligation to help was binding upon us, it was our duty to follow the example of the good Samaritan, to give freely, snd, above all, to give promptly, to relievo tho bodily wants of the poor inmates. Air. Dickenson Ihenproceoded tourgoliishearcrstoromcmberthat I'm suffering poor required more than merely . pecuniary aid, that tho want of human sympathy was much felt by destitute sick persons, and that an occasional visit to their bedside wns a duty we oxve to them, taking with us some deli cacy, or a flower, or a cheerful hook. Ho went on io remind all of the paramount duty of saying coinctliiug during such visits, of the infinite lovo of Christ, and of the power of t he gospci message in the curing of souls touched by sin, winding up a plain and practical discourse by sotting forth the leavening spirit of Christianity by means of which, in our time, aro found priest and levite jointly working in' the cause of charity and love. The collection amounted to €43 Is. fid. At St. 1'anl's, Church of England, Swnnston- trcet, the Rev. S. L. Chase, incumbent, preached » very imprcssivo discourse from Gal. ii.f .10. " Only they would that wo should remember .the poor, the same which I also was forward to do. ' Wc give part of the closing appeal of this iermoo. '' Ami now allow me, your minister, to log an offering this day not less remnrkablo for quantity than for quality. Consider the extent of the means which God has put into your hands. Jinked you came out of your mother's womb, and naked shall you return thither. For a "little space God has made you stewards of His posses ions. Hold all things at His command and ho ready to give. Atoreovcr, do not depreciate tho talus of what you give by unworthy motives. Fbow the nobility of your now nature ns Chris tians; be Godlike, ho Christlikc. Not by the force of human nature, but by the energy of Divine grace, imitate the living God your Father, oud imitate the only begotten Son your Redeemer, lour Father gave His Son, and your Redeemer 'jiTe Himself, and you — what will you give ? Give jour own solves to the sick and conse crate all you have to the living God." At this service the Garrison Artillery Corps at tended, under the command of Captain Stubbs. Bemce was held in the evening, the Rev. C. S. Perry being the officiating minister, the text tang taken from Acts xx, 35 — "I have Showed you all things, how that so laboring ye light to support tho weak, and so remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how He said it is more blessed to give than to receive." The collections »t this church were, in tho morning, €33 1-Js., nd m the evening, €11 0s. 3d. ; total, €dd 14s. 3d. At St. John's, Latrobe-street, tho services were conducted by the Rev. J. S. Low, who preached torn the 3rd chapter of St. Mark's Gospel, and the 4th verse :—"Is it lawful to do good on tho Sabbath days or to do evil ? To save life pr to kill"/ The preacher referred to the character of the Scribes and Pharisees to whom these words were addressed, and enlarged upon the require ments of tho Sabbath, the observance of which was the root of all morality. The duty which Mhrist taught and enforced was that of doing positive good. Human selfishness felt that itbad satisfied the claims of tho law where it had ab- stained from positive evil, but Jesus taught when it was in a man's power to do good, and he refused to do it, he was abusing his re- sponsibility, and so was actually doing evil. The jtfeMicr concluded by an earnest and stirring ap- "io noble pbarities for whose n?! i the ofibrings of God's people were I vl ? devoted. The Rev. Canon Vance prcachcdju the evening from the Ifltli chapter of jit. Matthew, 4th verse. The offertory in the normng was £19 9s. 7d.; in the evening €1.1 10s.: tooga total €34 19s. 7d. 'u Skplmn's, Richmond, the service at this ureh was conducted in the morning by the Rev. t-Jl er"> assisted by the Rev. Air. Kane. The I- Yj13 preached by Mr. Perks, who took for 'th verse of the 5th chapter oi St. "til- ' ®'cssi;d are the merciful, for they shall , ,n ?1rerc3'. He pointed out that the Sermon f, 5 Mount taught many lessons to mankind. o ot the principal of these was to show man his l„.v 1" w'tli regard to his fellow-men, mow htm how far his position in life might I?,--, advantageor detriment of his fellows. ' hesitation that the Melbourno Jn.4.',i w93 .no f the most efficiently con- li»f« \lnstitutions in the civilised world. Tho tmi- J, , l'nnJ another charitable insti- ioJj-i deserving of support, and ho com- Ji p 'a a very favorable manner with some of Jn2 i workliouses which lie had inspected tin? i? i r<5CUI,t x-isit to England. During the ser- e tlic- choir sang an anthem by Goes, 0 taste and. ,r j. ', '""gthecollection the offertory sentences n ere also given by tho choir; In the Mi, , ."ev- Mr- Perks again preached, ii . " 'yr text 6th GnJatians, 10th verse, ' , ""ve therefore opportunity Jet us do F unto men, especially unto them who aro of the household of faith." The choir sang an nutheiii by Dr. Vc-bv, and again sang the offer tory i:'.idcii?cs dining the coDcilion. The niiiauul realise! ijuring the day was tfiS 12s. 3d., includ ing £fi from the Si:ii t'iy.s:li'.ols ; €6 Is. (id. of the money colleelicu w is specially marked far the Iiielnnmrl Dispensary, nod Will, of course, have to bo drduclc I from I be sb j-.-e nmouul. The Key. Ciuon V nice o'lbi.atcd of. 51. Mary's. II a flr-iii i , in thainarning, preaching from M ittbe-v xvi.,24 if 'jnyuviu 'ill «a>a,.atter Me, let him -leny hiinsclf au:I take op bis cross ami follow- Me." ' The revvcaudii devoted his remarks chiefly to t'uo oluci Jitioo .at" what Christ alluded to by His burden or.yioss, and thspersoual appli- ration of the text to those present. IloeonceivcJ that this louden was the humanity of, the huuiau race, tor whom Ho caineto' suffei and to die. and that while He had and could lnivc no sin Himself yet His divine mid in I'm Ho leva found a channel, so to eneak, through His huniiiii sympathy. and He was thus able lo enter ill, and feel for lire very sins of those by whom IIo was surioundcd. The preacher then -alluded to tho public institutions in aid of which the alms of Christians wero that day invoked. Ho warned them that some times - men thought tliey avoro bearing t lie cross, when in reality they had sliiftod it to others; it, xyns not Christian charity to subscribe largely, and then fancy duty bad been done. The sick aud the wounded were our brothers nud sistcis, Christ required of us not to buy a sub stitute in this His ministry of love. Initio per sonally enter in tho woes and the sorrows of His afflicted ones, even as lie in the days of His flash bore that toilsome cross for ns. The service in the evening was conducted by tho incumbent, the Rev. It. Potter, who preached from the gospel St. Alattlicw xxiv., 40., "The Kingsliall answer and say— Verily I say unto yon, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, yo have done it. unto me." The preacher in trailing this text pointed out that it bore two lessons— one for those wbosc liclp was needed, nnd one for those who needed help. No wondcrtliat- Christ should commend to ns tbepoorand needy, for in the days of His ficsli Ho liimself always lent a ready ear to tbeir sor rows. Ho ministered not only to the spiritual necessities of men, but was ever ready to feed tlio hungry and to heal tho sick. So must- wo see iliat the sin-striek.en soul was helpod aud healed, so must wo set- that the diseased body was helped an-4 healed. One was quite! as trnly Chvist's work as tho other, for souls and bodies are Ilis, for He eaine to re deem and bless them .both. God asked tliem tlmt day for a special gift — a gilt whereby tliey might mark tlion- gratitude t-o Him for liis in li-. nito leve ; a gift for tlio sick and poor, whom He identified with Hiinsclf. lu the offertory for tho hospitals tl|at day they were joining in a genniuc act of united worship, from which no Christian wasobligcd to abstain for conscience sake. "What matter though at different shriubs, we pray unto one God" ; 5icy were bringing to their God their united ollcrings tor tlio benefit of tlio poor and sick, whom He callsllis brethren. Tho offertories at St. Mary's were as follows .—Early com munion, €1 10s. fid.; morning prayers, €13 Os. 10d.; evening prayers, €S 4s.; Sabbath school, €4 10s. Total, €27 fix. -Id. 1'REStlYTRlltAN. -At St. Kilda Presbyterian Church tho services were well attended. ' Tho Rev. Dr. Cameron took for his text in the morning Luko xvii. versos 11th to 18th, the subject of tho address being "The ten lepers." Tho rev. gentleman, after dwelling upon tho general aspect of the miracle recorded, forcibly npplioil the lesson derivablo 'from the verses to life present, movement. The collection amounted to €42 odd. In the evening Dr. Cameron continued liis series of lectures upon tlio book of Esther, deriving his subject from chapter viii. In applying tho versos read, the rev. gentleinhn pointed out. tho right use of rielies, and dwelt upon tho conduct of Esther, w-ho. not. satisfied with being prosperous ben-elf, ucvor rested until she had delivered her kindred ; so we should not forget our brethren who were in necessitouscircunistimces, nnd contributing to such institutions as t-lin hospital was one of tho best means of alleviating tlicir distresses. Tbncollcc- t-icyii ' in tbe evening was over €8. . Thewbolo amount collected was €.10 9s. lid. At St. Andrew's Church, Carlton, in the fore noon, the Rev. D. S. AL'Knchran preached from James ii. 27. He began by referring to tbe seeming differenco which there is between the teaching of Paul and the teaching of James on the subject, of faith nnd works, tlio difference lining in appearance, not reality. Certain people" often qnoto the text as if it wore "Pure religion, and undefiled before God nnd tho Fat-lier. is this : to visit the fatherless and widow in their afflic tion." But there tliey stop. They leave out- the latter half," to keep himself unspoiled from the world." Viewed in connection with the context the words suggested that no amount." of religious Itnoxvlcdgo or profession could compensate for want of religious practice. No profession of love to God was true ntid real if it was not. accompanied by lovo to man. Not that lovo to man is the sum of religion, as many seein to think. Al'any imagine that -to do their duty in any fair measure by their neighbor is -all that- is required, but it is a great. : mistake. Religion implies the love of God. But while thoro can bo no Into love of our j neighbor .without the lovo of God, there can ! be no true lovo to God without love 1 to our neighbor. Love of our neighbor j is the test and avidenco of ToV(L.to God. Great nnrt of true religion consists in visiting tbe fatherless and widows, who aro specially men tioned, probably because God is represented ns having taken them specially tinder Ilis care, and in showing kindness to them there is more like lihood of our motive lioing pure, as tliey cannot recompense us. IIo concluded his discourse by ail appeal on behalf of the charities. The text taken by the rev. gentleman in the evening was Luke xii. 33. The congregations throughout tho day were very largo, and the amounts collected were— morning, €29 Gs. 9Jd., evening, €14 9s. 9d. ; total, €-13 IGs. GJd. Tho sum of €4 was also collected in the finbbath school. At- Chalmers' Church in tho morning the Rev. Dr. Begg preached from Lulto xxiv., 1,1. The subject was the Prodigal Son. The reverend gentleman recommended tho cause of mil- hospi tals with groat force of pcrsunsisn. His argu ment was that Christians aro specially called to do good to all men, ns tliey have oppor tunity to contribute according to their ability and ' tlio interests of benevolence ; that such an occasion as the present had paramount claims ; that the example, as well as the woid of the Lord, enjoined tho exorcise of liberality, for He went about seeking, not liis own, but tho good nf others ; that self-interest, as well as present duty, was involved in the matter, for, as Scrip ture declares, " there is that scattsreth, and yet increascth ; there is that withholdcth more tlt.il is meet, aud it tcndctli to poverty.'" In tho evening tlio Rev. Air. Harper preached, taking his text from 2nd Samuel, xix. 14. Thus ho said, God doth not take life away, but doth de vise means, anil God labors and watches that none of his children — those horn in His image — should cense to have part in that inward spiritual life which is His peculiar gift. And just so should man labor to prevent any from being deprived of their share in tlio ordinary social life of inen. Society is hound, for its own sake and for God's, to soo that no one of its members bo by accident or misfortune, or even by depravity, thrust out from a participa tion in its life until all means of restoration have been tried in vain. If wo care much for our fellow melt wo will do it, for wo will by wide- re cliing charity keep many from that reckless ness which makes tho unfortunate doubt God's existence, or bis mercy, and rush unbidden from thc_world. The collection is estimated at €100. The Rev. A. J. Campbell, of Geelong, preached at Filzrov Presbyterian Church. Text, 1 John tv. 20. Tho subject of dis course was : — " The lovo of our brother a help to tlio love of God." The drift ol' tbe sermon may bo seen from tbe following pas- sago : — "It is a much easier thing to love your brother— n being like yourself, who is Jiving be side you, talking with you about tilings of mu tual interest, helping you through your troubles, or getting your help through his— it is much easier for- you to love that familiar, helpful, happy person whom you call your brother, than to love tlmt Being who never has been seen— whoso immensity seems to lift Him above tho reach of your thoughts, and to defy the feeble efforts of your affections to take any hold of him. But if you fail iu the easier achievement of love (this is John's argument), how can you expect to succeed in the more difficult ? If this brother who loves yon, gets back no iovo_ from you— if you can see trim in distress, suffering from cold anil want, and instead of bidding him to yoiir fireside and giving bim bread, you tell him to go nnd lie warmed and filled— with that hard aud selfish and unloving heart of yours— it is impos sible for " you to love God." Tho collections amounted to €C fis. At the North Alelbourne Presbyterian Church, the Rev. A. D. Kininmout preached iu tlio morning and evening. In tlio morning bis discourse was from St. Luko, xvi. 9, " nd I say unto you make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness tlmt when ye fail tliev may receive ye into everlasting habitations." The preacher considered at some length the import of the application Christ here gives to material wealth. Obviously He it id not use these terms to denote riches acquired by in justice, but to describe the deceitful uncertain and unstable nature of material riches con trasted with tho true, certain, satisfying and stable nature of spiritual riches, of the blessings of salvation. The preacher pressed upon his congreg .lion to contribute to tho charities libe rally and cheerfully, from regard for God's autho rity and Christ's command, from gratitude to our divine bountiful benefactor, from compassion for our poor aud afflicted fellow-creatures, and from a respect for our own present aud eternal interests. In the evening Air. Kininmont preached from Exodus xx. 15, "Thou sbalt not steal." The col lections at this church nmountcd to €17 12s. fid. At the Welsh Church, Latrobe-street, the Rev. William AI. Evnus, the pastor, officiated in the morning and evening. The morning discourse was founded on Isaiah Iviii.. G, 7, and in the evening the text was chosen from St. John ix. 6. Special appeal was made in aid of tho charities for which the public collection of the duy was devoted. ' The morning services realised €8 9s., and the evening collection amounted to €9 Os. 6d A sum of €3 has been forwaidtd from the Wi'lliamstown Welsh Church, total, £20. The Rev. Irving Hotlicrington preached to tho Scots Church congregation in tho Temperance Hull from 2nd ' Corinthians viii. 9, and in the evening the Rev. Dr, Begg, of Kilinhuieh, fiom Kphesians v. 2 Dr. Besg sr.i'l he was glad to lint! thai in these colonies thn I'ompulsbiy. mode of raising money for charimble.purposcs by menns of a poor law was not adopted, and urged upon liis congregation tbe necessity of giving liberally of tlicir own freewill. The total sum collected was €93 las. 3d. At Krakiuo Church, Carlton, tbe Ucv. J.tiuos Dillaulyno look as bis text in tbo morning Matthew xv. 29. 30, "Jems went up iuto a mountain and tat down there, and great multi tudes cams auto Him. having wilb tbem those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, aud many others, and cast tlieui'dowo at Jesus' feet. ; 'and He healed them." These words suggested a recognition of Jesus as a divine healer. It may be that iu dcutiug with our tick ones wc aro too slow or too feeble in our recognition of Jesus is tlio central sourco of all healing powei, alike of tho tibdics and souls of men. Tliey suggested a creditable bene, volenco on tlio part of the people. Tliey carried the sick to Christ. If every innn helped his neighbor, what a different world this would be. They suggested finally Christ's sympathy and pow'cr as the liealor of souls. Even ns He ucaled the sickof old, so can He deliver from the ninlndy of sin now. The preacher made his remarks throughout bear upon the work of the day, nnd appealed to the peoplo for a considerate appre ciation of the noble charities of this city. In the evening Mr. Ballantyne preached from II. Tliessaloiiians, iii. 13. Tbo amount of the collections xvas £13 3s. Tlio Rev. George Tait preached ot tlic Presbyterian Cliurcli, South Ynrrn, in tbo morn ing, from Gnlatians . vi. 10. One_ promi nent point in tho discourse was an allusion to tlio circumstance that in the rttins of nncicnt cities, suoli ns Tliehcs, Nineveh, Pompeii, and others, or in tho written history of tho countries to w hich these belonged, there is no evidence whatever of the existence of charitable institutions or hos pitals, and that organised efforts on tlic part of the wealthy to provide for tbe necessities of the poor have come only with tho development of Christianity. Collections throughout the day, £52 5s. Id. At tbo West /Melbourne Presbyterian Church the Rev. A. Robertson preached both morning and evening. He tool; for tlio subject of his sermon in the morning Alalthcw xxvi. 11.— "For yo have the poor always with you, l.ut Ale ye have not always." Having inado a few comments ou the interesting in- cidcxl which gave occasion to this declaration of our Lord, which possessed a world-wide and enduring significance and value, Mr. Robertson remarked that it was in accordance with the pro vidential will of God that we should have the poor always with us ; that no socialistic attempts could ever prevent this condition of things , that whilst it had its evil it had, notwithstanding, in this probationary world its counterbalancing good ; that it called forth on the part of the sufferers that resignation and submission to the divine will which lay at the root of all true piety and godliness; that it had a tendency, moreover, to lead men to find their consolations and hopes in the blessed gospel of our Lord. The collection amounted to £31 lfis. in the rimming, and €11 10s. in the evening; making a total of €43 fis. WE5I.KYAN'. At the AVesleyan Church, South Yarra. tho ser mon in the morning was given by tho Rev. \\\". 1). I.eloan, w ho road for Inn lesson tho 1st chap, of Proverbs, and the latter portion of the 25th clmp. of Matthew, tho text being tho Ittlrvorso ot' the 3nl chap, of 1st Corinthians : — "If any man's work abide which lie lintli built there upon, ho shall receive a reward."— which lie treated in an eloquent nnd practical manlier, pointing out tlmt. for a innn's work to'.nbido it must -be on the truo fnu'ndntion, Christ. .Tosus, oven ns every man's work would be tested, if not in tlio present, life, certainly in tlieilny of judg ment, that wo should be careful what kind, nf material we should place on this, thntitshonld bo of gold, silver, precious stones, which will stand the test, but not of . wood, liny or stubblo as tho day would declare-. it. While eternal life is tho gilt, of God, the reward would ho dealt out in keeping with the work hero, which ho illustrated by the parable of the., talents. Concluding, lie made nn appeal to every Christian to assist the public charities, and follow the example of Christ, wlio was the fr iend of tlio poor anil afflicted. Tho Rev. J. C. Symons conducted the evening service, taking for bis text thcIOtb chapter of Luke, and 29tb' verse : — "Who is my neighbor" — from which an excellent- sermon, in Air. Syutons' homely nnd, conversational style, was given. Re ferring to the parable nf tbe Good Samaritan, tlio rev. gentleman clearly showed the oneness of the brotherhood of men, and that no national, local, or family prejudice should iiiteifero with our acts of charily. The whnlo sermon was in keeping with tlie'oecasion and objects' of the day, theresult of the collections for the day being £20. 9s. ,7d. At. tbo St. Kilda Wesleyan Church the morning scrvieo was conducted by, tlio Itev. John C. . Symons, "ho delivered nn eminently practical sermon upon the parable of the Good Samaritan, the text being Luke x., 29' — "Biitbo, willing to justify liimself, said unto Jesus, And who is my neighbor ? " Tbo lessons taught by tlic parable were— I, Tho oneness and brother- . hood of man." II. No prejudices' or excuses jhould be nllowcd to interfere with practical sym pathy. III! The necessity of system and method ' in dispensing charity. JV. The superiority of Christianity over Judaism. The latter taught . " an eye for an eye" ; tlio former teaches love to man, iiowmg iroui luv.j H. I.-JHU, ,1 men is I .' I'U vne mainspring of nil our actions. Benevolence is a part of our religion, and love to God will ever prompt thai practical sympathy with our suffer ing fellow creatures which will ho acknowledged bv our Lord when Ho shall say, " Inasmuch os ye did it unto oue oftheleastofthcsoiny brethren, ye did it unto mo." Tlio collection realised €1 4 Os. fid. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. W. D. Leleaii.whnpreuehednn oxoolleniand practical sermon from 1st Corinthians, iii. '14. Tlio collection amounted to £10 8s.; total collections. € 24 8s. fid.: of which about £4 wns specially for the Homrenpntliie Hospital." ; At the Wesley Church, Lonsdale-strcet, in the morning seiviee tho sorinon wns preached by tiie Rev. fbos. James, of Adelaide, who took for his text St.. Alutthew xxxix. 22 : — "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy self." Some people even in our day found it difficult to realise the proposition that they should regard those of a different nationality or a different religion as their neighbors; In tliis colony we bad representatives of nearly all tbe important countries in tho world, people of every denomination of Christianity, nnd thou sands who know nothing of tlio gospel. It was our duty as good Christians, it was only acting in obedience to tlio precepts of tbe founder of tho purest religion that was ever inculcated, to lovo these men, and to do our utmost to- relieve their wants and suffer ings. Even those whom a life of criminality or vice bail brought to ruin and misery should not lie excluded from our good offices. In fact the full . meaning of this great .commandment wns that we should love all men, even those who were strangors to us. Many of these wore in the Hospital and other public institutions which were an honor to Alelhourno and the whole colony. On their behalf ho appealed to the congregation to contribute each ol' liis means, ami he trusted that it would he found by tlio result of the collection tbnt tliev bail given with liberality. Tho collec tion amounted to €37 19s. 2d. This cum included nn amount of €fi Gs. 3d., which wns subscribed by tlio Sunday school scholars who attend the church. The morning services at the Hotliam Y7es- leyan Church were conducted by the Rev. J. Ilutchcon, who took for the subject of liis dis course, " What is man," nobrews ii., G. The preacher divided liis subject into two bends. 1st. — J Wlint is man in bis jircsent anil possiblo being? 2nd.— What rany man become through Christ ? He showed tbe grievous extent of the curse entailed by the fall, in tbe power for evil anil in tlic resistance to God's designs of mercy; and nrgncil that man's present misery called for our tenderest and most practical sympathy so far ns tbo results of sin showed themselves in disease, in want, and ill insanity. . Although his spiritual condition placed liiin in a positim perfectly help less, and where his recovery, so far us ho wns con cerned, was impossible, yet the love of God had found a ransom in Christ, the diviue deliverer,, whereby man was restored to God's l'avor, a di vine anil pure influence bestowed upon him through the Holy Ghost, and the gates of Heaven again opened. for his entrance. Therefore, lie nr- gueil that the true appeal to Christian charity on mail's behalf lay in the possibilities of his re demption. , The sermon in the evening wns preached by tbo Itev. Air. Quick, from St, Alattlicw, xxn. So, " Love tby neighbor as thy self." Tlio collection in tlio morning nmountcd to €12 Ss., in the evening to €9 Os Did. The Sabbath school children collected €4 15s. in the afternoon, making a total from this church of £26 3s. 9Jil. Tho morning services at tho Wcsleyan Church, Brunswick- street, were conducted by the Rev. Air. Doilgson, of Brunswick-. The portions of scripture selected to he read were the 27th chap ter of Job, and Sth chapter of the second epistle to the Corinthians. The rev. gentleman preached nn admirable sciraon on tbe text ' — "1'ear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ." Galirtians vi. 2. He pointed out that such n course ns that recommended in the text was essentially necessary to he ndcplcil amongst the ancient Gentile chinches, so that the principles of Christianity might be _ shown. Raul was especially the apostle of the Gentiles, and it would lie perceived that he always laid clown not only- doctrine but also practice, enjoin ing mutual esteem and mutual help, and incul cating love, humility, and assistance to each other in time of -need. This was tlic vci.v duty that Christ had intr!. rated with singular beauty, when lie taught IBs followers to piay, " For give us our trespasses, as we torsive them that trespass against us." Practical kindness was not only what the text taught, hut was the whole "tenor of Christianity. All men agreed on one point, namely, that the ills of humanity were many, Hint they had always existed, and that no one enjoyed immunity from them. It was said in Scripture "Tho whole cieationgroaneth together in pain, even until now." This was the buiden of humanity, and this burden ol humanity was all the diseases, illnesses, pains, and sicknesses of the wcilu. He asked them to give, r.ct large an.tutils s-j much as that the law of love might be intensified ir. iLcir LearU, and jiraycd that tb.'y might so gi'o ihat He who tacit ccir.passmD en aii suffering Luratnitr might hare tc s«j to ihsm U last, I wassuit and tc puscu i nnd yo ministered unto me, forasmuch ns yc did it unto one of the least of these little ones, ye did it unto inc." The collection amounted to €19 lfis. 9d„ cxclusivo of about '£1 18s. Gd. in sealed packets, addressed specially to tho llciueeopatliic Hospital. Sunday school, £6 17s. Gd.; evening, €20 fis. 3d.: total, £43 10s. At the Weslcynii Church, Emerald-hill, a very suitable and iuiprcssivo discourse was delivered iu tbo morning by the Rev. Spencer Williams, who cb'osc for his text the parable of tbo good Samaritan, from tbo 10th chapter of Luke, 30 to 87 verses. After briefly alluding to tbo circum stances which occasioned thoparablo and pointing cut tbe inference to which it led, ho proceeded to show . that tho liberal »' aud humane conduct of tlio merciful Samaritan so pathetically describcJ in tho parable was commended to tho imitation ot fill mankind. Tlio loss of health was always a sad and de plorable state, even under tho best of circumstances, but it was possible by suitable accommodation to soothe . .tho feelings of the sufferer, and soften tho horrors of a sick bed. Such a state of things was' a loud and pathetic cry for tbe exerc/so -of -tho benevolence illustrated in the pnrable.- The fact that some nf the most cruel and inhuman of our raco had sometimes forgotten their ferocity, and hasted with melting compassion" to relieve the distress of n companion, and even of strangers, wns a sufficient evidence that it was the dictate of tbo law of nature. It was evident that .mat was not made for himself alone. All intelligent creatures depended on each other. The claims of tho laboring poor on tho sympathy of their richer neighbors were by no means trifling, con sidering luo service to the State. What a initio of wealth was found in their labor. An affec tionate and. unbounded benevolence was the leading characteristic of Christianity. The Saviour was Himself nil illustration of tho highest philanthropy, and the grandest example of its exercise. The Christian religion was not a lifeless form. It was an inward power, an active principle. If, then, we acted according to tbo dignity of our nature, if we bad any regard to the claims of society, and above all, if we pos sessed the godlike principle of Christianity, the appeal made that day would not ho iu vain. The amount collected was €41 17s. 7d. BOMAN CATHOLIC, After the post communion of the mass, at St. Patrick's, Alelhourno, tho Rov. J. O'AIalley, S.J, nsceudtd tho pulpit, and preached from tho text — "Thoro stood by the eress of Jesus His afflicted mother," words found in the mass of the feast of the Dolours, which was tho feast of the day in tlio Roman Catholic Church. The rev. preacher painted out one of tlio ways in which his heaters could in n practical manner sympathiso with their Redeemer, viz., bv succoring His suffering brethren, of whom llejiaid, " As often as you do it to tho least Gf these my brethren you do it unto rue." After the sermon the collection was made, which is reported to liavo reached about €58. At St. Abny's Church, East St. Kilda, tbo total amount of collection at' the threo morning ami mie evening services was £52 15s. lOd. Tbo Rev. j. K. Corbelt iook for bis text at the eleven o'clock mass portion of tlio .day's Gospel, viz., St. Afnttlietv xxvii., 3.',tli to 4(Jtlr verses. Tbo church was only moderately alletidtd. At St. Patrick's Cathedral the Rev. Father O'AIalley, S.J., delivered auiost eloquent scriunn from the words, "Now there stood by the cross of Jesus His mother weeping." Afary stood by and witnessed tlio heartrending spectacle of her Son being crucified — her God sacrificed. . Site poured forth licr very soul in prayer to1 God to let this chalice pass from flim, but (red heard her not. Some men liked sin,- and would not bolievo iu eternal punishment. Tliey prated about a loving Father who could not. gaze upon any of His children' suffering 'nil eternity of tor ment, but yet He looked down npiiti the agony of His only begotten Son. Wo inny'rcst assured that wu will either enjoy eternal happiness with Almighty God or bo eternally punished with the damned. The preacher tlicir passed on to draw a vivid picture ot tlio childhood of Jesus and tho maternal solicitude of Mary, bringing out with full force tho fore-knowlc l"c possessed by both as tn.tlietrngical end which Jesus was to midcrgo. Look, said tho preacher, pointing to tlio marble crucifix, look at Hint stony figure ; were it "out a human being- writhing m agony, twisting and turning and contracting tbo muscies to obtain a momentary relief from excruciating suffering, would you not one nnd all press round and do all in your power for the poor sufferer on tho cross ? I call nponyoii, my dearly beloved brethren, to do two tilings for Jesus. 1st. Let not His'sufferings bo in vain, and 2nd, I command you not to send your children to atheistical schools, but scud tliem where tliev will learn their religion day by day, and where it is not- left to chance whether they get any or not. If there ho any reckless Cat holics among you who dare disobey tliia com mand, I tell them t' at the sacramenta anil con solations of tho church are not . for them ; should they have been granted absolution by any priest it will be ot none avail. Therefore my dearly beloved brethren, I beseech you, as .you value tho safety, of your souls, disobey- not in this matter. The reverend father exhorted the con gregation to give liberally- to tho hospital fund, and thus give to Christ's stricken brethren wlionro lying on bods of Riekncss in those institutions, l'he collection amounted to £5S IGs. At St. Francis' Church the Rev. J. J. Bleas- dale preached, choosing as liis text tbe. words — "Thou shalt love tho Lord thy God with thy wiKiii nearr aim mjui, .iimi i-u; jiujgiioor as my self.;' The reverend gentleman most feelingly d'e- scrihcd the sufferings and wants of those for whom be was pleading. In the course of his re marks' he referred to tho largo number of cases which were relieved by our charities, and ex horted liis .hearers to giro as freely as they could. At tho same time lie did not expect that their donations would bo very large, as tliey had contributed largely towards charity on Good Friday last. He also spoke of the kindness of those gentlemen who devoted their time aud talents to the different charities. After the sermon the sum of £Gl Ss. was col lected.. This amount was further augmented by a collection in tho evening, realising £11, making a total of £72 8s. » ; CONQnEGATIOXALISTS. At tlio Emerald-hill Independent Church tlio Rev. E. Greenwood, pastor, preached in the morning from "Have pity upon me, liavo pity upon 1110, O ye my friends ; for tho hand -of Gud hath touched mo." Job xix. 21\. Tho sermon was an appeal 011 behalf of God-touched men. After historically in troducing tho text, he pointed out that it sug gested — First, a sick mini's trouble : secondly, a sick man's' cry ; aud, thirdly, a' sick man's friends. The preacher, in dealing with hissubje'et, showed that in ancient days sudden and severe adversities were regarded asindicntions of divino displeasure, brtt Christ and His Apostlca had taught a better lesson. The great loving Father was now sitting in tho centre of the universe, superintending even the fall of spnrrowa and the alllictions of men. And instead of seeing an itugry God in trouble and waut, they were in tended as cliastemngs to wean usfrom this world, and fit us for tlio world above. He urged upon liis bearers to I10 "friends" of the sick, and show their friendship that day by giving of what God had given to tliem. In the afternoon a ser vice was held with tho sabbath school on behalf of the object. Iu the evening the Rev. E. Green wood preached from " Go thou and do likewise." At encli service the congregation was largo nnd very attentive. Church collections, €2.1 0s. 7d.; school collection, €5 5s.; total, €30 03. 7d. At the Congregational Church, Lonsdnle-street west, the Rov. R. Laishlcy preached in the morn ing, and choso for bis text Acts x. 38, "Who went about doing good, mid benling nil tlmt wero oppressed of tlie devil, for God wns with Him." A very impressive sermon was delivered, 'l'lie reverend gentleman dwelt largely on tbe teach ings and healings of tho Lord Jesus nnd lfis apostles as having contributed so much to the general welfare of mankind. The samo class of duties is also enforced upon His followers by Ilis spirit and examples, lie also dwelt 011 the point that the design of Christianity is not only to snvo the souls of men, but also to bless them in the present world. The sum collected during tlio morning amounted to £.1 5s., and in the evening, when the Rev, Mr. Atkinson officiated, €1 lfis,; tolal,'£7. ' At the Victoria Parade Congregational Church morning and evening sermons were preachcil on behalf of the Melbourne charities by Rev. S. C. Kent. The text in tlic morning was from Luke x., 29, "Who is iny neighbor?" which ywus illustrated and enforced by the parable of the Good Samaritan with which it stands connected. Tho text in the evening was Luke' xvi. .1, Jitl" uiutaii unvik luuu uuiu III> LUJtl f JJl speaking from these words the preacher sought to inform his hearers with a sense of their in debtedness, nud besought tbem to give practical expression thereto. In appealing to tho people, the preacher stated his intention to forego liis stipend for tlio week. The congregations were good, nnd the collections, including €3 10s. fiom the Sunday school, amounted to £32 Ills. At the Richmond Congregational Church, Lennox-street, s pecial sermons bearing upon the great object of Hospital Sunday were preached by the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., the pastor. The text selected in the morning was James i, 27.— "Pure religion and mulefilccJ before Him who i? our Lord and Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in tlicir affliction ; to keep biuiself unspotted from the world." Tbe rev gentleman showed that tbe general system of Christianity had the effect of developing practical benevolence, nnd made an earnest appeal to his hearers Hint tliev would assist in making this 28lk of Soptembei a red letter day in t lie annals of the colony by giving as liberally . lis they could In the evening the text preached from was the same a» in the morning, and the pieachcr gave a most interesting account ut the earliest efforts of 'charity. He then asked that "those present would do their utmost to swell the amount- of tho collections The sum's collected were : €31 6s. 9,1. ; collected in tho Sunday school, €.1 Is. 9d.; foi the Rich mond Dispensary, 12s. (id.; for the Homie- opathiu Hospital, il.; total, £3S la. Attho Congregational Church, Alir.a-stroet. St. Krlda, Rev. Mi. Gosman preached a seimcnin the mnrniug from Acts. 26th cl.ap. and -tfiib verse, " I have showed yon all tilings, lion that so labeling ye ought to support the weak.' and to remember the words c! Hit- Lcrd Jesus, how lie said it is more blessed tc give than to receive." The main oljeet cf the jireacher's discourse was lc»bo» ihe influence of leLevolenzt in prcmciir.. moral character, and in ctoing tone dealt with the subject from a threefold point of view. 1st, the nature of benevolence ; 2nd, the conditions to bo observed and the dangers to bo avoided in exercising benevolence ; and 3rd. in wliat way and to what extent boncroicncc exerts an influ- onco over us in promoting our moral culture. He concluded a most interesting address by urging the claims of charity ou bis beai era. The sum collected amounLcd to €'13 Gs. In the ovening tbe samo preacher addressed the con gregation, tho text being tbo 40th verse of the fifth chapter of Matthew. The collection amounted to £6 2s, Sd., and £1 specially for tbe Homoeopathic Hospital. Total, £20 Ss. 8d. At tho Prabran Cougrcgational Church tho sorviocs, both morning and ovening, wero con ducted by the Rev. W. Moss, tbo tone of tho whole of tho services indicating tho special occasion. In tho morning the passages of Scripture read wore taken from Dent, xv., commencing verso 7, Job xxix., Luke x. v. 25, and Alattlicw xxv. v. 31\. Tlip text was taken from Hebrews siij. v. Id— ''But to do good and comiuunicato forget not, for with such sacrifices God is well pleased:" Tho rev. gentleman divided his very able dis course into three parts. 1st. Duty of Christian beneficence, "To do good and communicate forget not," wns to consider that form of doing good especially which seeks to ah aviate the physical sufferings and necessities of thcpoornndalllictcd. 2nd. To consider tho principle from which Christian boneficeucc springs, nud by which it is animated. That its principle is love to God, which is evidently implied by the latter part nf tbe text, " for with such sacrifices God is well pleased." 3rd. The divino complacency in Christian benevolence. He called to mind tlic sccno in the tcmplo of old, when the Lord sat by tlio treasury- and -noticed, the con tribution which best pleased Him being the gift of the farthing of the poor widow. In the even ing the text was taken froinJUoinans xii, 1 and 2. " For none of us livelli to himself." Collections, £21 Is. 4U. THE JEWS. At tho Synagogue, Bourke-slreet west, a special service was held, tho Ilcv. A. F. Oinstein officiating. Ho selected the follow ing as his text:— "Cast tnu not off in the time of. old ago; forsake ino not when my strength failcth." Upon the above the reverend gentleman discoursed most eloquently, remarking that Judaism was a religion of love and charity, nnd implored those members of his congregation who were present to givo willingly and freely, for while the gift conferred happiness on the re ceiver it likowiso blessed tho giver. The Jews, hu said, from ancient timo3 lind been reuowned for their charity. " Egypt," said this clergyman, " may boast of its pyramids, Uomc of its ancient power, Greece ot its great works or . art, yet amongst these powerful nations charily had 110 reign. He considered t lie hospital erected by clinrity completely surpassed even the greatest arcbliitcctmal works of either Rome of Greece Having concluded liis sermon, a collection was made, and amongst the few persons who were present tho sum ot £.10 was raised. This amount tliey hope to supplement, as several influential members were absent, whose contributions would most materially tend to swell the amount already in the hands oi' the treasurer. HAI'TIST?. At tho Baptist Church, George-street, Fitzroy, the services were conducted by tho pastor, the Rev. C. Al. Clierhmy. The morning discourse was upon the text, Hebrews xiii. 3. Tim pienclior ihvcitut great length upon thesympatliy of Go.l wiUi man in ail his difficulties and trials nnd afflictions, llo remarked that in tlic world there wns a fell power at work, producing suffer ing and disease and countless evils. But man was not, loft unnoticed to tho influence of this power. The heart of tho Divino overflowed with sympathy for man in his Borrows ; and God mani fested : tlio reality of Ilis love and sympathy by putting forth II 13 power to alleviate the suffer ings ot humanity, and by ministering, cointort to the sorrowing. Tho preacher concluded by urging iipon all his hearers to show true sympathy with Hie suffering, and to coutributo liberally to their relief. In tlio evening Mr. Cherluuy took foi- liis text, " Remember my bonds," Golossians iv. IS, and in nn earnest and powerful sermon pressed upon his hearers the words of the apostle as the cry of suffering humanity. Tlic collections amounted to a 14 lis. Gd. At tbo West Melbourne Baptist Cliurcli tlio Rov. II. Phillips preached from tbe words, "She hath done what she could." Afark xiv., 8. Tho reverend gentleman proceeded to show that- although tlic devotion of the woman referred to by tbo snored historian was considered fanatical .and eccentric, eliciting expressions of disappro bation from tho disciples, yet it called forth the high ciilogimn from bor divine blaster, "She hath done what 3ke could." Tho preacher then went on toraniurk tlmt just ns tho praiseworthy act of pouring tho costly aud fragrant unguent upon the Saviour's head prompted Him to puss so excellent a commendation upon the woman, so should the philanthropic spirit of the people he of such a high tone, which could then be mani fested by tho liberality they displayed in contri buting to tlio institutions/which sought their aid, hs to merit tlio same divino' encomium being passed upon them—" They kavo done what they could." Tlio collections amounted to €8 4s. At the Baptist Church, Collins-street, tho Rev. .Tames Arnftin preached in the forenoon from the II. Coriuthians, ix., 2: "For I know thn for wardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to ihctli of Alacedonia, that Aclihia was ready a year ago ; nnd your zeal hath provoked very many. Ho pointed out how the establishment of Hospital Sunday illustrated the infectiousness of a good example. It was not ten years since Canon Miller, of Birmingham, had suggested tho idea ; thoncp it spread to Notting ham, Manchester, Liverpool, and hist of all Lon don. In Melbourne nearly all tho churches had fallen iu with the idea, anil it was confideutiy liopetl that the day would become a na tional institution for all tirno. Referring to tlie charities that were to participate in the day's collections, I10 said one or two might, ho sug gested as having been left out, but when tho next opportunity offered itself, this mistake would probably ho rectified, and he trusted tlmt the liberality of no one would be uffectofl by tlio omission. In tho old biblical times it had been the custom to set aside once in every seven years tho whole of tho harvest, and tho tmducers of Christianity might be chnlleuged to produce any source from which so much liberality had flown as from the church. Tlie rev. gontleman con cluded by making an eloquent appeal on behalf of tho charities interested in tho day's proceeds. In tho evening the Rev. Air. ALirtin preached from Luke ix. 55. The total collection for the day was £07 lfis. Gd. Tho Sunday school pence collection, iu tho afternoon, amounted to €2 10s. 2d. Total, £70 Us. Sd. At the Temperance Hall, Russcll- strcet, ser vices were held niorniii" and evening, the Rev. Jas. Taylor officiating. In the ' morning he took his text from Gnlatians v. 14th verse, "For the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this, thou shalt love thy neighbor ns thyself." Tho reverend gentleman delivered nu impressive scrinon, first explaining the nature of the duty enjoined, as being love, charity, and mutual help to our neighbors, who were, as had been pointed out by our Lord in ilis parable of tho Goocl .Samaritan, all men, and then showing how that duty was to he carried out. He illustrated liis discourse by a number of cases in point, and referred in feel ing terms to the claims the sick aud suffering had on the sympathy of his hearers. The morn ing's collection amounted to £G 2s. 10d., and that in tho evening to €10 13s. Ud., exclusive of 13s Gd. for the Homoeopathic Dispensary, THE SEIIVICE OP SOXll. Tho service of sacred song which was to he hold in the Royal Park yesterday afternoon, and in which the children of the West Melbourno Baptist Church wero to have taken part, lias, 011 account of the wet weather which set in during the day, been postponed until next Sunday. At the rendezvous there assembled a large number of people. Tho school mnnagcr and choral leaders ivore also on the ground, tho children having been detained nt the church. A mi'mbor of collectors were going the rounds with collect ing boxes, which were well patronised. The amount taken lias not yet been made public, but will be ad-Jed to tlie collections of next Sun Jay s services. LUTHE11AN. At the Lutheran Church, Eastern-hill, tlie Rev. II. Herlitz took for his text Luke vii. 11 — 17, the gospel of the Sunday. By. the example of Christ raising the willow's son" he showed what, real compassion meant . feeling foi our suffer ing fellow-men and helping them. Compassion did net censist in mere whimsical notions, done on the impulse of the moment, dependent per haps en a good stroke of business or a good meal, but it was 11 state of heart the same under all circumstances. Thus wo fcund it in Jesus, who made uo difference between friends ami strangers. Jews and Samaritans, who wept ns well over His enemies at Jerusalem ns ever the tomb of His beloved Lazarus What was His death but compassion with us' And was IIo not oven now. 111 heaven, a compassionate high priest through nil eternity? Then enme tlie appeal to the congregation, based on tlie fact that they were to be the followers of Christ. Tliey should, moreover, see the Lord Himself claiming aid frotn them for these noble institutions, whose aim it was to alleviate the sufferings of then fellow-men. Collection, £12 11s. fid. , nud in tho Sunday scfcctl, £1 is. 3d.; total, £13 lbs. 13d. rNlTAMAS. Miss Turner conducted tlio- services morning and evening. She chose for hej morning sub ject the story of the ten lepers. Luke, chap, xvii. 16 and 17. Tbe lecturer alluded te the great waste cl human life through disobedience tc natural laws At least one-half of children born died wiitin the year. Disobedience tc natural laws is disobedience io God Nc one had a right to do ns be liked with bimsell. Io nian owed duty tc himself and to sccnty. Every time you were ill . you were an imposition on society. A healthy7 condition ef body was pre cedent tc a healthy condition ot mind. Tbe soiindei Hie put-lie health the sounder its morals. The present system of hospitals w:,> useful only in the patching up of health, yet until the public understood sanatory laws, ot the Stato look the public health entirely under its- own ecntrcl.it was tbe present duty of every one to sap pert, them, particulaily the hospital for sick children, where ycuthful patients cruhl be impressed with the ccmlort ci cleanliness and order, contrast ing strongly with the circumstances in which they vert i'rcugbt up. Jn the < vexing Alts." Turner tfiok the rurject ol tto man at tbe Fool of Lelhesda— John, chap. v. 7\. There arc two foe? to the well beingofGod 3 fair creation— ignorance and disease. We are fellow- laborers of God for their extirpation. A French physician said ho could put out crime wero be al lowed to rcgulato the public diet. We were in tended to have all the happiness in this life, anil to miss it is to bo ungrateful to- God. Tho hap piness and coutcutrncut which accompany a healthy and well-disciplined body arc the chief elements of good temper, aDd good temper has well been called niue-teuths of Christianity, and sound health is nine-tenths of good tempci. The total collection was €'16. TOWN HALL SERVICE. At tho setvico in the Town Hall (here was a large attcndauco, uiany being uuabls to obtaio sitting accommodation. It eommcimc'l at threo o'clock, ami long before that hour tbe approaches to tho hmlrliug were literally besieged with people desirous of oblainiug iidiuissiou. The Metropolitan Corps of Volunteer Artillery, under the command of Captain H. A. Clarke and Lieu tenant Llewellyn, arrived shortly before three o'clock, and took their scats immediately in front of the platform. Mr. Plained presided nt the organ, and tho members of sevoral of the choirs connected with the churches in and about. Melbourne, assisted in the singing.' Tho service was conducted by the flight Rev. Bishop Perry, assisted by the licr. Mr. Perks and the Rev. Mr. Kent. The proceed ings wero opened by thoso assembled singing the 100th Psalm, tho Church of England Litany was then recited, loliowcd by an appropriate hymn. The Right Rev. Dr. Perry preached the sermon, taking for his text the 8th chapter and 9th verse of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, " For wc know that tlic grace of our Lord Jesus Christ that though He was rich, yet for our sakos He was.iuadc poor that we through His poverty might be made rtcb." Tbe moral law here as compre hended in thcteaeliings of the Saviour consirted in a great measure of the two comihandmynts which He had given to His disciples, namely, that wo should love God ami our neighbors as ourselves. The occasion ou whieh those present were as sembled illustrated his argument. Iu tbo various public institutions of the city there were numbers of people suffering- from disease and infirmity, wliilo outside there were iminy who were hardly less deserving of sympathy and consideratiou. On kchttlf of such he appealed to 'those who had abundance, and who of that nbundanre could afford to assist their fellow citizens in the hour of sorrow mul affliction, it was a recognised fact that they who loved God usually lovedttboir neighbors. I11 fact to do one necessarily comprehended the other, and thus, when 11 good work was to he accomplished— when charity was to bo bestowed, and tlie band of benevolence extended to those who were intevant, and it was tlio true Christians who were appealed to, and who us a rulo were always ready to come forward iu the cause of philaii. lliropy and religion. It was io tbem appeals w-ere made to protect the widow and tbe orphan, to feed the hungry, and comfort and relieve the stranger. It was they, too, who weiit about doing good in Victoria. It was to the forethought nnd kindly feeling of Christian men and women who rose superior to narrow prejudices that wo ' owed our Orphan Asylum, our Model Lodging House, our Ragged Schools, our Ladios' Benevolent Institution, the City Mission, and tbe many institutions of which Alelbourne inay ho justly proud. On tho jircsent occasion n special appeal was made ts tho public 011 behalf of the Alelbourne Hospital; tho Alfred Hoaj/ital, tho Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, tho iMolhoiiTne Lying-in Hospital, tho Hospital for Pick Children, and the Eye and Ear Institution. AVoro ho nil eloquent' preacher, Which he did not protend to ho, he might, per haps, endeavor to work upon their feelings. Did he nllcmpt. to do so, no doubt he would fail. IIo would simply follow tho example of the upostle by reminding them of tho duty that, as Christians, was incumbent ujiou tliein. nud by stating, in ad dition, tliat those who contributed towards so good a cause bad the assurance that tlie funds so realised w'oiild'uot be misapplied. The bishop in conclusion, impressed upon his auditory, citizens and Christians, their duty in contributing to wards the alleviation of the sufferings of those in waut and distress. TtlEATUE JtOYAt. SERVICE. The service at tho Theatre Royal in the even ing wns conducted by the Rov. Charles Clark.; TI19 interior of tlic building was filled in all' parts, hundreds of poisons being unable to Obtain admission. After prayer bail bccnoffered, a hymn was snng, and Air Clark then proceeded to address the audience. lie took for for. his text tho 3Gtb nnd 37lb versos of the 10th chapter of St. Luke— "Which nowof these three thiiikcst thou was neighbor unto bim that- fell mnoug thieves. And lie said- Ho ; that showed mercy on him. Then said Jesus unto him . Go and do thou likowise." Tho gospel of St. Luko was . peculiarly rich in those parables which illustrate and enforce the nltributo of mercy. Amongst them, perhaps the most beautiful from an msthetic jiaint of view, tlio most telling in its strength and clear ness and tlie delicacy of its coloring, was that of tho good Samaritan. There was something natural and at the same time most pathetic in tlic story of tho man who, while travelling from Jericho, fell tho victim of thieves, nud was left stripped nnd half dead to he relieved by a stranger. It- was intended to show that truo humanity consisted in succoring the distressed. The lnwyer who had bcenqnestioningtlioSaviour bad not been satisfied with tbo first answer given to his query, but lie wns forced to acknowledgo, though no doubt much against liis previous convictions, that lie wito had befriended tho cn- liajipy wayfarer' was in reality his neighbor, nnd not tho priest and the Lovito who, had parsed by on tlio other side. Tlie sympathies of the ancient Hebrews did not travel beyond those of iheirown creed. Their benevolence did not extend to mankind generally. No doubt in the earlier development of tlio law of Moses provision was mado tor an extension of benefit; beyond Israel. Tho aliens within their gates were treated as themselves, but ns thoso were usually proselytes to the religion of the Jews the principle laid down had still a comparatively .narrow ( application. Though thoro wore many moral principles incul cated by the heathen philosophers, yet, none of them thoroughly camo up to the doctrine of benevolence as propnnndetl by the Founder of Christianity. Socratos liad said that it was hate ful to hate a man, because of tho'evil that falls ujiou tho hater himself. The Stoics said no man should bate another, for 110 wise 111:111 would suffer himself to ho, moved by bis passions. Christ said, however, " Tlion" shnlt love thy neighbor as thyself. Thou shalt bless those who curso you, anil use you despitefully.'' It was not to lie denied that several exainjilcs of bcncvo- lonco were to be found amongst those who could linvc known nothing of tlio blessings of Christianity. Tlie parable of tho good Samari tan was an instance in point, but it wns not until our Saviour's message of pence tnd love to all men that a real motive for this benevolence was supplied. Hospital Sunday liad been for some years observed in England, and it bid fair to become a national institution, and es tablished amongst English-speaking people all o 'er tiie world. In Alelhourno they were making their first experiment that day, nnd lie believed every good Christian was anxious that their efforts would he commensurate with the merits of the causo 011 behalf of which tliey had as sembled. Aluch regret had been felt by everyone that the unpropitious state' of tiie wsather should nitvc imurrereu wiui suum or ruu services, espe cially those which were out- door. Ho trusted tliat the largo assemblage lie saw before him would 'assist in mak ing up for any loss that might i'roni tbe cause alluded to nave arisen. No better institu tions perhaps existed than those which liad been selected to be benefited by tbe collection made that day. Their wide spread agencies wero known nnd tlicir efforts were universally appre ciated by ail of them. Tho simple discharge of their duty demanded personal service in tho cmisc. In nn eloquent cuiognin Air. Clark dilated upon tlie duties of Christians towards their fellow men, nnd concluded by quoting the well known passago from Slmkspcare " The quality nf mercy is not strained.' &a.; Tho collection amounted to £140. At Albert-street Church, in the morning, the Rov. ,C Claris stated lie would not tnnlte any remarks on the Hospital Biin.lav. but would reserve them for the evening. The collection at Albert-street Baptist Church io the iteming amounted to €35. VOLUNTEER TARADES. The church parade of the No. 2 Battalion of Red Rifles ou the parade ground, Pcwlett-street, East Alelhourno, was largely attended, and hud the weather been more propitious there is very little doubt thnta largo amount would have been collected, as both the volunteers and tlie general public attended in considerable numbers. The corps that paraded on the ground were the En gineers, the E. A. Artillery, the Collingwood. East Collingwood, Richmond, and Southern Rifles. The parade wns under the command of Alajor Sir Francis Arnrpliy, the other staff- officers being Alajor Tenipleton and Captain Buchan. The Engineer Corps wore under tho command of Alajor Faniell, with Captains Doll and James and Dr. James, and consisted of four sorgeants. and sixty-five men. Tho E. AI. Ar tillery was ccir.roar.ded by Alajor Stokes and Captain King, anil consisted ol eighty gunners. The Ccllingwocd Riflos were undei the etir.mnml ci Capt. Ctl.crs ar.:l Lieut. Glannin, aud con sisted cf three sergeants and seventj-kve men The East Collingwood Rifles were under tbo com mand cl Captains Trythall. Allan, and Curtis, and consisted ol 6ve seigeauls unit ninety men The Richmond Rifle? were under the command ot Captain Villicrs. and consisted ol Itice sergeants aud fdty-two men. The Southern Kitloo were ucdei the commend ct Captain? Chambers, with Captain Leplastrier and Lieutenants Hill and SkeppAiiie, and consisted cf mnetv men. -The bauds present wcie those cf the Southern F.illes, Collingwood Rifles, East Ctiltr.gwood Rifles and Richmond Jlifics, and during fL- service tbey plflved Hit- Old Hundredth Psalm, the Halle lujah Chotv.s, and an anthem b» Fpohr, Ilolv, Holy. Tlio clergymen »'t,r. officiated were the Rev. W._N. Guinness, of South Yarra, and the Rev. H. i. Kane, ot Brighton. The volunteers assembled at tfceii respecuvo orderly- lcflnis in fall dress, wish side ana's, and were then marched to tko ercund. accompanied by their hands. Upon entering tbu ground the men were formed into three sides of a bellow square, and the public admitted to the reserve. The Rev. Mr. Kane read prayers, and a special lesson for tbe day, but before be had finished the. . ram began to fail heavnv Under these circsmsUdiccs tbe Rev. Air. Guvnors ah. tained from ' preaching a sermon, but con tented bimself with urging upon those present to give their utmost in aid of the charities, which, were sadly in want of assistance. A col lection was then "inado among the corps present, a box being set apart for tlic general public. As it was noticed that there was a considerable num ber of spectators iu tlio balconies of the bouses overlooking the parade ground, several mcu were deputed from tho different corps to go round and BSake a colle-liou from tbem. Tho total results of tho afternoon's, servico was very good consi dering tlie disagreeable weather, no less than£4S 14s. tid. After tho collection tbe men wero inarched to their respcctiveorderly-roouis and dis missed. Tbo Niv.il Rcservo and Sandridgo Arlillciy mustered iu full force to mulch to the space near tlio Railway Pier to attend tho service to bo con ducted by the Rov. Charles Clark 011 behalf of the Hospital cause. After singing a hymn, accom panied by the baud of tho Sandridgo Artillery, tlio reverend gentleman commenced with an ap propriate and very imprcssivo prayer, hut was forced, owing to tlio rain coming down in such torrents, to request that tlio servico should be postponed till next Sunday week, 12th October, which was decided upon by tho oilicors present. The whole force was then marched down to tho pier, headed by the band, tlicnco to tho orderly- room and dismissed. Tbo officers present were Captain Fullarton, Lieut. Blaml (Naval Reserve), Captain Swallow, and Lieuts. J. M. Eves and Cowing. During the short time tho corps were out tliey managed to collect tbe sum of £27 12s. Not more than 300 persons were present besides the volunteers. A setvico wns hold at tiirec p.m., in tho Orderly-room, conducted by the ministers of the several denominations in the district, namely Rev. — Taylor, Episcopalian ; Rev. J. Ballantyne and Rov. Lindsay Atactic, Presbyterian ; Rev. — Wliitty, Baptist ; Rev. — Blannic, Wcsleyan ; nnd Rev. J. Legge, Independent. Each gentle man took pnrt of the service, the sermon falling to Mr. Legge, who preached nn impressive and eloquent discourse, based upon tbe character given to our Lord,—" Himself took our infir mities anil bare our sickuesses." Aud the words of l'aul, "Bear ye oue another's burdens and so fulfil tho law of Christ, who is the Head from which ail tho body by joints and bauds having nourishment, nml'kii'ittogether, increascth with the increase of God, ' or God's work, man's agency, and the total result. The service was most intcrostiug, the hymus nnd Hallelujah chorus being effective rendered, Air. Herz pre siding al the orgnn. Tho vohuiteers mustered in force and took up the collection, which amounted to £22 13s, 2Jd. Tho attendance was good, the Orderly-room being full, about GOO adults besides children. In the afternoon the Willmmstown division of the Naval Reserve, anil tho local artillery com pany, to the number of about 1G0 in all, mus tered ih front of the Custom-bouse, and headed by tlie artillery brass band, marched to tho or derly room, where Ike Rev. J. J. Hailey preached a special sermon. Thero wero a great many civilians also in attendance. - The collection taken up amounted to £12 2s. The lollowing are tho details of the various collections obtainable yesterday : — . KriSCOI'ALIAN. , All Saints, St Kilda'.... £78 2 10 St Judo's, Curium 41)14 0 St. .Matthias. Pralirau 11 2 0 St. Rotor's, Kasteru-liiU. (10 12 0 St. John's, TooruU '..... 50 4 11 Trinity Church, Kew 40 0 0 St. Raul's, Swnnstoit.strect 44 14 3 St. Mark's, Fitzroy 2S 15 7 St. Luke's, Fitzroy - 2 10 1 All Saints, Northcoto 11 10 0 St. Andrew's, Bast Collingwood :. . . 6 0 0 St. Stephen's, Richmond "53 12 3 St. Matthias, North Richmond 6. 2 0 St. Thomas', South Kiolimnnd.. 2 2 0 Trinity Church, Wllliaiuhto'vvn ' 21 16 10 St. John's, .Melbourno 3-119 7 Brunswick 10 8 2 St. Philiji's, Fitzroy li 'O'll lipping 0 12 9 Noitiicoto : 10 0 0 l-Icidclbcrg 11 14 5 .St. Andrew's, Brighton ' 29 10 .8 St. James', Melbourne . XS II) 0 Christ Church. South Yarra 46 . 0. O St. Mary's, Uotligm £7 .6 4 ! £097 ' 6 2 PBESBYTEUUN. Essendon and Kollor ; £21 16 0 St Andrew's, Carlton 47 111 0 Ersicine Church, Carlton 13 3 0 Elslernivick 19 0 16 VVilliomstown 2D 0 0 Sandridgo ..- I"- 10-11 John lChox Church Iu 0 8 Lntrobc-strect. ..-. 17 9 0 Chalmers' Cliurcli, estimated nt 100 0 0 Brunswick..-. 12 S 7 Fitzroy .......; ; 0 16 0 CampbcllOeld '. I......!. 1 4 -0 Coburg '.. 6 15 6 Heidelberg. ...v.... 2 O'O Elstcmwick 13 6 10 Clarendon-street 11 0 0 Wert Melbourno 43 6 0 Dorcas-street, Emerald-hill ..I. ' MG 10 0 South Yarra .. . I 52. 5 1 Temperance. Hall (Scots Church) ' 9J 15 3 Esscndoii ,.... ' - 21 15 t) £603 4 7 WESI.EY.t.T. Carlton £19 9 0 Church-street, Richmond 20 1 2 Hawthorn - 12 G 0 Lonsiialc-street. . : 37 19 2 Williamstown > -0.0 6 Sandridgo :... 3 110 Palmcrzton-street, Carlton 20 0 0 Hotham-hlll ;. 2 10 .0 West Melbourno 0 10 9 Emerald-hill 41 17 7 Sandridgo 7 6 .6 North Sandridgo 2 12 3 Brnnrtviclt' 14 0 2 Fitzroy-stroct 3 10 9 Coburg 7 10 1 North Preston 2 0 0 East do 0 10 6 South do 4 0 0 Nortlicoto 13 10 0 Brighton '. 4 9 10 Brunswick-street-, Fitaroy 55 " 2 0 Sackvlllc-strcct, Collbigwood 0 10 11 South Yarra 20 0 7 Hotliam SO 3 9 £351 3- 0 r.OIIA.X CATHOLIC. St. Patrick's Cathedral £50 13 1 St. Joseph, Collingwood 5 7 0 St. llridgot, North Fitzroy 4 9 4 St. John's, East Melbourne 3 IP 9 St. Mary's, Hothalu 19 0 0 St. Mary's, Williamstown 10' 6 0 St. Joseph's, Sandridgo 3 II 7 SS. Peter and Paul, limernld-hiU .: 30 13 11 East St. Kilda G2 16 10 St. Francis 72 8 0 " ' ' ' £25S 19 0 euxuuuuATiuxAe. : . Colllns-strect Church £S0 0>0 Kew 25 0 0 tirattan-street Church 14.12 0 Hawthorn 12 18 7 Williamstown 10 0 0 Lennnx-strect, Richmond.: 33 1 0 honsdalc-street west , 7 7 0 Brunswick 2 2 0 Victoria Parade 3210 0 Emerahi-hiil 35 7 0 Prahran 24 1 4 Brightou .. 10 0 0 £S9I 19 6 BAPTIST. . Kew £3 12 4 Stanley-street, Richmond ' 0 ' 1- 1 King Willinui-strcet, Fitzroy 9 0 0 Temperance Hall, Kiisscll-street..,.. 11 7 5 Howe Crescent, E. Hill 2 0 0 South A urra 0 1 11 Alma Road, St. Kilda .... C 12 0 Mechanics' Institute, E. Hill ' 9 0 0 Brnnswick 5 0 0 George-strcot, Fitzroy .14 11 0 Lonsdaie-streot Cliurcli (Homoeopathic Dis pensary >900 West Melbourne ; 8 4 0 Albert-street 36 0 0 Collins-street„ 05 10 0 . ; £190 0 9 JEWS. E. Melbourne Congregation £60 0 0 Bourko-strcet do 50 0 0 St. Kilda do. 30 0 0 ' ' £130 0 0 UNITED StKTUODIST. Kew £119 2 Church-street, Richmond 6 17 7 Williamstown 4 9 8 Gecige-street, Fitzroy 6.12 0 £18 18 5 C71RI3TIAX DISCIPLES. ' . Lygon-street Cliapel £23 9 3 Church-street, Richmond ...... ...A, .3 6 0 York-street, Emerald Hill . 1 12 9 Prahran 4 M U Hull- 10 0 0 Langridgo-street, Collingwood. S IX 0 £55 14 4 UNITARIAN. Eastern Hill £10 0 0 LUTHERAN. t ' Erstern Hill £13 10 11 PRlMrriVS NETUODIST. iQ-aor.-elrcet Chapel £0 10 0 lirur.sw:ck 2 0 7 £8 10 7 EISLU CHRISTIANS. George-street..- £12 1 4 MISCELLANEOUS. Town Hall £iOB 0 0 Theatre Royal .' €40 0 0 Cliurcli Pnrade, East Melbourne 48 14 6 Gospel Hall. Little Bourke-street cast .10 1 Williamstown Naval Reservo '. .. 32 2 0 Seamen's Bethel, Sandridge 2 4 9 Gospel Hall, Little Bourke-street west,... 2 4 10 Mechanics' Institute, Brunswick.. 4 T 0 Progressive Spiritualists IS 19 0 Sir.dridgc Bench .: 77 12 0 Orderly-room. Brighton 22 13 2 Madame r&heliu; Goddard 30 10 0 £040 7 10 On Saturday last the following contributions were made towards the Hospital collection? by the employes connected . with the establishments specified Sands nud M'Doucall ..£14 0 0 I Hutchin? ". . 3 0 0 E Oakley 10 11 0 Stni.lnrd and Co S 10 0 J Sharp 6 13 8 Collected by Mr. Butler Ir. Eastern market 6 19 0 £49 -0 0 Grand total £3103 7 10 Owners aro reminded that nominatioDS for the Al bitty Cup must be made to-morrow. Tbe IVagga Wagga Steeplechase entries also close to morrow. and the Wnngaratta Sires' Produce Stakes on Wednesday. Nomination » lor the Flemington Hunt Ciatj Steepic chases sloso on Wednesday evening at Mt- (icyder a Victoria Hotel, Bourke-stzeet west. 