SPIERS AND POND. MB. PBETIOUS, a hatter in; Piccadilly, has made a revelation concerning hats which, may afford a hint to economical men. He says that hats are very much injured, by being exposed to gas- •light, the gloss and colour being thereby.:deteriorated. Mr. Pretious is therefore vexed—we will not say he is " As. mad-as a hatter '—at being •more frequently than heretofore compelled to burn gas in his shop, in consequence of Messrs. Spiers and Pond having run up a new restaurant, " The Criteron," on. the south side of Piccadily, opposite him, twenty feet higher than the former building; and threatening to raise it still thirtyfeet more. The evidence showed, the Vice- Chancellor thought, however,, that Mr. Pretious had acquiescedin.what.thedefendants had done, and consequently the motion to forbid them continuing to erect their building was refused. It is obvious that if chimney-pot hats be thus injured by exposure to gas, it- is time for gentle^ men-who walk about by gaslight and sit in all manner of gas-lighted halls, from St. Stephen's to a rat-pit, to change their head-gear for the unpretentious and comfortable soft felt, on whose smooth surface the noxious vapour can have little influence, and which, if the hat does chance to get sat upon, resumes as much beauty as it ever possessed the next minute. A HAUNTED CELL.—Few positions in life can be imagined more disagreeable than that of being imprisoned in a haunted , cell in .a police station. The New Orleans Times tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost-infested cell in the Fourth Precinct police station in that city. It appears "that several years ago '•' a little old woman" named Ann Murphy committed suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since that event no fewer than thirteen persons shut up in the cell have attempted to destroy themselves in a similar manner, four of these attempts being attended with fatal results. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who, on recovering consciousness, declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded calico dress, " with brown jeans and josey," no stockings, and downtroddenfslippers, with a faded handkerchief tied round her head. Her faded dress was bound with a sort of reddish-brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and winkled, while on the fourth finger of her left hand was a plain gold ring. " This little woman," said the girl, beckoned me to get up, and impelled me, by some mysterious power, to tear my dress in strips, place one end of a strip round my neck aud tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feet from the floor and fell. I thought I was choking: a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgot all until I found myself in the room with the doctors and police bending over me.. It was'not until then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I believe, under a kind of trance or influence at the time, over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murphy, whose appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with the: description given by the girl. Others having complained in like r mannei of the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police, to test the real facts :ef the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived in the city in = this cheerful apartment. Being thoroughly th-ed and worn out, he fell asleep immediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office in a state- of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. A DRUNKEST CHEMIST.—A drunken Mrs. Gamp is bad enough, but a drunken chemist, who serves wrong medicine, is considerably more dangerous. A young gentleman has applied at Westminster police court to know whether a chemist cannot be punished for pursuing his important vocation in a condition in which he required to crawl up off the floor to attend to a customer. Mr. Arnold could only suggest that customers would do wisely not to go to be attended upon by people who lie dead drunk on the floor of their shops. On- learning further that the police reported that frequent complaints were made of wrong drugs having been served from this establishment, the magistrate added that if anyone were injured thereby the chemist would be made amenable to law. How veryimperfectly economic laws act in such cases -When not supplemented by penal ones, may be observed by noting, as the complainant here remarked. that the people who dealt at the drunken chemist's shop were too poor to lose • their time in prosecuting him even when, as in one instance, a powder sold by him had greatly injured, a woman's child. Probably, «lso, they were too poor to have time to go, further off to find another shop; and so.we may conclude the wretched chemist will' continue for many a day to distribute among his neighbours any poison which, in the confusion of his obfuscated hram, may seem to. Mm good. The- marriage of Prince Leopold of Bavaria, with the Archduchess Gisela of Austria has been finally fixed for the 24th of April. EingLudwig has already appointed the full retinne to attend the young princely couple, which will' enter upon its duties on the 1st of March. Don Alfonso de Bourbon, who has taken the command of the Carlist forces in Spain', is tw6nty-three years of age. His first military experience was gained in the'Papal service, ill the'Pontifical.Zouaves. He married, April, 1871, the daughter of Don Miguel, Princess Mane Isabelle of Bourbon, and Braganza. .One of his old companions of the Pontifical,army, a cousin of Count d'Argy, is with the young prince. Mr: Henry Dickens, a son of the late Mr. Charles Dickens, and who obtained, a very creditable place in the last mathematical tripos examination at Cambridge, has just joined the Society of the Inner Temple. Two policemen, finding,the door of a publichouse in the Adelphi open at four o'clock in the morning, entered and went upstairs. They were taken for burglars by the landlord, who cut at them with a sword, while the landlady was about to fire a pistol at them, when the discovery was made that they were guardians of -the peace. One had a narrow escape' from being wounded. Mrs. O'Connor, of. BaUarat, has not__only l gained honour by her poem, : Ich Dieii, - ; but has had special honour conferred upon her by Her' Majesty the Queen having graciously accepted a. copy forwarded through General Biddulph. . . . Another of England's colonial possessions has had practically made known to it that its ^apprenticeship is over," and that it must itself manage its own affairs for the future. The Cape colony has got the privilege of self-government; and the first responsible Ministry it has had was formed on the 19th of last November. It is curious that, as we have been informed, this Ministry contains one or two : Irishmen. A great deal of curiosity has been excited as to the will which the Emperor Napoleon was said to have left. His Majesty subscribed to two documents, one in' 1859 and the other in" 1S65, and after the latter date he did not alter his will. Both are in the possession of M. Mocquard, and they contain no political stipulations whatever. The second testament is, in fact, little, more than a codicil to the first, and relates principally to the education of the Prince Imperial. There is a difficulty in finding a jury when an Indian eomes before an Omaha court. One of the panel being asked if lie had any prejudice, replied, " No ; only I've been chased by 'em, been in several battles with 'em, and would hang every devil of 'em at sight." 