Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LiFE PICTURE. ' . BY THE AUTHOBES8 OP « LADY AUDLEVS SECRET,' &o.; (The right of publicattonhas been purchased by the proprietors ef the Sydney Mail.] BOOK III.— CHAPTER t 5 A Change came o'ee the S'pikit of my Dream. . That calm delight which Lucius Daymen had hitherto felt in the society of his petrothed, and his, happy ?expectation of a prosperous future to he shared with her, were now. clouded over with new doubts ancl fears'. His mind had heen wreighed down by the burden of a ?dreadful secret) from the {moment of that discovery . which had showed him that the man he had killed and the father of the girl who loved him were , one and the same. Those palm clear eyes which looked at him so tenderly sometimes wounded him as keenly as the bitterest reproach. - Had she but known the fatal 'truth— she who had always set the memory , of her father above heraffection for himself— could he doubt the result of that knowledge ? Could he doubt that ?she would have turned from him with abhorrence, that she would have shrunk with loathing from the lightest touch of his blood-6tained hand. . Vain would have been all argument, all attempt to justify his act, with the daughter who clung with p romantic fondness to her lost father's image. ' You killed him.' She would have summed up all arguments in those three words. 'You killed him. If he was wicked, you gave him no time for re pentance ; you cut him off in the midst of his sin. Who made you his judge, who made you his execu tioner ?. He was a sinner like yourself, and you thrust yourself between God and His infinite mercy. You did more than slay his body ; you robbed him of redemption for his sin.' He could imagine that' this girl, clinging with un reasonable love to that dead sinner's memory, would argue somewhat' in this wise, and he felt himself powerless to reply. These thoughts weighed him down, and hotiuted him even in the company of his beloved. Yet; strange tosay, Lucille did not remark the difference in hier lovter, .'and it remained for Lucius to perceive a change in her. His oWn pre-occupation had' rendered him less observant than usual, and he was slow to mark this alteration in Lucille's manner, hut the time catiite when' he awakened to the fact. There' was a Change, indefinable, indescribable, but a bhange which he felt vaguely, and which seemed to grow stronger day by day. The thought filled him with a sudden horror. Did she suspect ? Had some circumstance,; unnoticed by him, led the way to the discovery he :most dreaded, to the revelation of that secret he hoped to . hide from her for ever ? Surely no. Her hand did- not shrink from his, the kiss he pressed upon that pure young brow evoked no shudder. Whatever the trouble was that had wrought this change in her, paled the fair young' cheek and sad dened the sweet eyes, the perplexity or: the sorrow was in herself) and had no reference to him) . ' Lucille,' he. said Jone evening, a few days after his interview, with Geoffrey Hos'sack, as they paced the garden together in.the dusk, 'it seems to me that \- we are not quite so happy as we used to be. 'We do not talk so hopefully of the future, we have not such pleasant thoughts and fancies as we once had. Very pften when I am speaking to you, I see your eyes fixed with a strange far-off look, as if you were thinking of sbme thing quite remote from the subject of our talk. Is there anything that troubles you,' dear ? Are you ?uneasy about your grandfather ? ' ' 1 ' *' He does not seem so well as he did three weeks Ugo. He does hot cfre about coming down-stairs mow; the' old weakness, seems to have returned. Aid his appetite has fallen off again. I wish you would he a little more candid, Lucius,' she said, looking at him earnestly. ' You used to say he was improving Steadily, and that y ou had great hopes of making him quite himself again before very long ; now you hardly say anything, except to give me directions about diet.' ' Do you wish me tp speak quite plainly, Lucille,' asked Lucius seriously ; ' even if what I have to say should increase your anxiety ? ' ' ' ' Yes, yes ; pray treat me like a woman, and not like a child. Remember what my life has been— how full of care and sorrow. . I am not like a girl who has lived only in the sunBhine. Tpll me . the- plain truth, Lucius, however painful. You think1 my grandfather Worse?''. . 'I do, Lucille, very much worse ,than I thought him three weeks ago. And what is more, I am cbliged to confess myself puzzled by his present con dition: I can find no cause for this backward progress, and yet I am watching the symptoms very closely. ' I have this case so deeply at heart that I do not believe any one could do . more with it . than I. 'But if'I do' pot see an improvement before many days are over, I shall seek advice from' wider experience than my oWn. I will bring one' of. the greatest' men in London to see your grandfather. ... A. consultation may be unneces sary or useless, but it will be for our mutual satisfac tion.' ' Yes,' answered Lucille, ' I have the strongest faith in your skill.; but, asyou say, it might be better to have farther advice. Boor grandfather ! ' i , It makes ine wretched to see him suffer — to see hiiii so weak and weary and restless; if no!t in absolute pain, and, to be able to do so little for him.' ' .'.'I, 'You do all that Joye and watchfulness can do dearest. By the way, you spoke of diet just now. That is a thing about which you cannot be too care ful. We have to restore exhausted nature, to reno vate a constitution almost worn out by hard usage. ? I should like to know all about the preparation of the broths and. jellies you give your grandfather. Are . they made by you, pr. by Mrs.'-Wincher ? . . ' Wincher makes the brotb and beef-tea in an earth? enware jar in theoyen, I make the jellies with my own ? hands.',.. ... . , : , . ' Are you quitesure .of Wiucher's cleanliness and carer''- ' ' Quite. I see Iter getting the jarTxeady. every morning when I ana in the, kitchen, attending to other little: things, I am not afraid of working in the kitchen, you know, Lucius.4' 'I know that, you are the most domestic andskil ful among women, and that you will make a model wife, darling,' hq-ansprjered^lcnderlyv . ' For a ; poor man, perhaps,' she answered, with the smile that had been rare bflnte, '' not for arich one. I should not know how to spend money, orto give dinner-parties, or to dress feshionably.' : ' ' That kind of knowledge- would come with' the oc casion.,. 'Whpn I. am a great surgeon yoq shall be a . lady of fashion. Butto return to the diet questibn. You are assured that there is perfect cleanliness in the, -preparation of your . grandfather's food— no ' . peglected Mpptt.saucepftnsjpsed^foymstance?' 1 , ' There is siot 6uch a thing as a copper saucepan in i the house. ;What made you ask. the question ? i . ? ' :'Mr. §iypybrighthw w^leb^Sktely. of. tweaaiohd - attacks of nausea, and I km unable to accouutfor the symptom. That is what makes me ahxious about the preparation of his .food' .. ?-?.-.I.. v ' Would it be any satisfaction to you if I were to 1 prepare everything myself : ' ? ' 1. '.-V J , , T « ' ',A very great satisfaction.' . _ ' Then I will do it, Lucius.' Wincher may feel a Utile .offended, but I will try and reconcile her to my interference. It was a great privilege to be allowde . to make the jellies.' ? ' Never mind if she is vexed, darling ; a few sweet , words from you will soon smooth her ruffled feathers. I shall be glad to know that you prepare, everything for the invalid. And I would hot do it in the kitchen, where Wincher might interfere. Have a fire in the little dressing-room .next your grandfalher's room, and have your saucepans and beef-tea and so on up there. By that means you will be able to give him what he wants at any moment, without delay.' ' 'I will do so, Lucius. Butlfear you think my grandfather in danger.' 'Not exactly in danger, darling. But he is very , ill, and I have been thinking it might be better for you to have a nurse. I don't say that he requires -any one to sit up at night with him. He is not ill enough for that. I am only afraid that the care, he requires may be too much for you.' _ ' It is not too much for piei Lucius,' answered the girl eagerly. ' I would not have a stranger about him for worlds. The sight of a sick-nurse would kill him,' . _ ? ' ' That is a foolish prejudice, Lucille.' ' It may be ; and when you find I nurse him badly, or neglect him, you may bring a stranger. Till then I claim the light to wait upon him, with Mr. Wihcher's assistance. He has been my grandfather's valet — giving the little help his master would ever accept — for the last twenty years.' . 1 ' And you have perfect confidence in Mr. Wincher?' ' Confidence ! '.* exclaimed Lucille, with a Wonder ing look. ' I have known him all my life, and seen his devotion to my grandfather. What reaspn could I have to doubt him ? ' ' Little apparent reason, I admit,' answered Lucius thoughtfully. 'Yet it is sometimes from! those we least suspect we receive the deepest wrongs. These Winchers may believe your , grandfather to be very rich ; they may suppose that ne has left them a good deal of money ; and might — mind, I am only suggest ing a remote contingency — they might desire to shorten his life. O, my dearest,' he cried, pained by Lucille's whitening face, ' remember I do not for a moment say that this is likely ; but — as I told you a few moments ago — there are symptoms in the case that puzzle me, and we cannot be too careful.' Lucille leaned upon him, trembling like a leaf, with her white face turned towards him, a look of un speakable horror in her eyes, ' You don't mean — ' 'she faltered ; ' you cannot mean that you suspect, that you are afraid of my grandfather being poisoned r ' ' Lucille,' he said tenderly, sustaining the almost fainting girl, ' the truth is always best. You shall know all I can tell you. There are diseases which baffle even experience ; there are symptoms which may mean one thing or another, may indicate such and such a state, or be the effect of a condition exactly opposite ; there are symptoms which may arise alike from natural causes or from a slow arid subtle poison. This is why so many a victim has been done to death under the very eye of his medical attendant, and only when too late the hideous truth has dawned upon the doctor's mind, and he has asked himeelt with bitter Belf-reprbach, * Why did I not make this discovery sdoner ?' ' ' Whom could you suspect ? ' cried Lucille. ' I' am confident as to the fidelity of Mr. and Mrs.. Wincher. They have had it in their power to rob my grandfather at any moment, if gain could have tempted them to injure him. Why, after all these years of faithful servitude, shoiild they attempt' to murder him ? ' . This was said in a low tremulous voice, terror still holding possession of the girl's distracted mind. ' The thought is as horrible as it appears im possible,' said Lucius, whose apprehensions had as yet assumed only the vaguest. form. He had never meant to betray this shadowy fear, which had arisen only within the last twenty-four hours, but he had been led on to say more than he intended. ' Let us speak no more, of it, dearest,' he said soothingly. ' You attach too much importance to my words. I have only suggested care ; I have only told you a well-known fact, namely, that the symptoms of slow poisoning and of natural disease are sometimes exactly alike.' . ' You have filled me with fear and horror ! ' cried Lucille, shuddering. ' Let me bring a nurse into the house' pleaded Lucius, angry with himself for-his imprudence. 'Her presence would at least give you courage and confi dence.' ' No ; I will not have my grandfather frightened to death. He shall take nothing but what I prepare for him ; no one shall go near him but I, or without my being present.' : 'By the way,' said Lucius thoughtfully, ' you re member that noise T heard the evening we went up to the loft together ? ' ' I remember .your fancy about a noise,' LuciUe answered carelessly. ' My fancy then, if you like. I suppose nothing has ever happened since to throw a light -upon that fancy of mine ? ' 'Nothing.', ' You are quite sure that no stranger could obtain admission to those up-stairs rooms, or to any part of this house ? ' ' Quite sure,' . ' In that case we may rest assured that all is. safe, and you need think no more of anything I have said.' He tried with every art he knew to soothe away the fears which his imprudent words had occasioned, but could not altogether succeed in , tranquillising her, though he brought the Amati violin into .requisition, and played some of his sweetest symphonies — melodies which, to quote Mrs. Wincher, ' might have drawed tears out of a deal hoard.' Nothing he could say could dispel the cloud which he had raised ; and he left Lucille full of trouble and self-reproach, beyond measure angry with himself for his folly. , CHAPTER H. Lucius IS PUZZLED. When Lucius made his early visit — now always the first duty of every day— to Cedar House on the follow? ing morning, he found that . Lucille had already acted upon his advice. The dressin g.-room-r-a slip of a room communicating by double doors with Mr. Sivewright's spacious chamber— had been furiushed in a rough and- ready manner with a chair 'and a table, an old cabinet, brought down from the loft, to hold cups and glasses, medicine bottles, and other . o ddments ; a little row of Baucepans, neatly arranged in a cupboard by '.the spall fireplace ; and a narrow little iron bedstead in 'a corner of the room. \ \- ' I shall 6leep here at night,' said Lucille','as Lucius surveyed her preparations, ' ahd'jf I Jkeep those two doors ajar, I can heiar every sound in the next room.' , . ' My darling, it will never do - for. yep to be on jthe ' watch at night,' he ahswered anxiously. ' Ypu will wear yoprself. out in a very short time.(j ,AJixietyjby, day and wakefulness by n^ht wiU spon .tell ttjeir tsle. ? ? ». . , f . j ' Let me have my own way, Lucius,' aim pleaded. ' You say yourself that my grandfather wants no at^ tendance at night. Het*|d me dn» this morning thai he sleeps pretty, well, . ana farely .wakes till the morn ing. ' Buf I' wjlllie a satisfaction jb me if I fin: *hat I am close, at hand, ready to wake at his call. I am a verv light sleeper.' ' Was. MrB, Wincher angry at your taking the work out of her hands r ' ' She seemed vexed, just at first ; but I gave her a kiss, and talked her over. * You'll fag yourself to death. Miss Lucille,' she said ; ' but do as you please. It'll leave me free for my cleaning.* You know, Lucius, what a passion she has for muddling about with . a pail and a scrubbing-brush, and turning but odd corners. The cleaning never seems to make any difference in the look of that, huge kitchen ; but If it pleases her one cannot complain. O, Lucius,' she went on, in an anxious whisper, ' I was awake .'all the night thinking of your dreadful words. I trust in God you* my find my grandfather better this morn ing-' ' I trust so, dearest ; but, believe me, you attach far too mych importance to my . foolish words last night. If you can trust the Winchers there can be no possible ground for fear. What enemy could approach your grandfather here ? ' ' Enemy,' repeated Lucille, as if struck by the word. , ' iyjmt euemies could he have — a poor harm less old man?' Lucius went into Mr. Sivewright's room. He found his patient stHl suffering from that strange depression of spirits which had weighed him down lately; still complaining of the symptoms which, had perplexed Lucius since his return from Still - mington. ' There are strange noises in the house,' said the old man querulously, when the usual questions .had been asked and answered. ' I heard them again last night — stealthy footsteps creeping along the passage — doors opening and shutting— all with the sound of secret guilty movement.' ' All movement in a house has that stealthy sound in the small hours,' said Lucius, sorely per plexed himself, yet anxiouB to reassure his patient. ' Your housekeeper or her husband may have been up. later than usual, and may have crept quietly up to bed.' ?' I tell you this was in the middle of the night,' answered Mr. Sive wright impatiently. 'The .Win chers are as methodical in their habits aB the old clock in the hall. I asked old Wincher this morning if he had been astir after midnight, and he told me he had not.' ' The . fact is, my dear sir. you are nervous,' said Lucius in a soothing tone. ' You lie awake and fancy sounds which have no existence, or at any rate do not exist within the house.' ' I tell you. this sound awoke me,' replied the other still more impatiently. . ' I was sleeping toler ably when the sound of that hateful footstep startled me into perfect wakefulness. There was a nameless horror to my mind in that stealthy tread. It sounded like the step of an assassin.' ' Come, Mr. Sivewright,' said. Lucius in that prac tical tone which does much to tranquil lise a nervous patient, ' if this is, as I firmly believe it to be, a mere delusion of your senses, it will be easiest dispelled by investigation. Let us face the unknown foe, ana make a speedy end of him. Suffer me to keep watch to-night in this room, unknown to all in the house except ydurself, and I will answer for it the ghost shall be laid.' ' No,' answered Mr. Sivewright'doggedly. ' I am not so childish or so weak-minded as' to ask another men to corroborate the evidence of my own senses. I tell yen, Davoren, the thing is. If I believed in ghosts the matter would trouble me little enough. All the phantoms that were ever supposed to make night hideous might range these passages, and glide up and down yonder staircase at their pleasure. But I do not believe in the supernatural ; and the sounds that I have heard are distinctly human.' ' Let me hear them too,' ' No, I teU you,' answered the patient with smo thered anger ; ' I will have no one to play the spy upon my slumber. If this iB the delusion of an enfeebled brain, I have sense enough left to find out the falsehood for myself. Besides, the intruder, if there is one, cannot do me any harm. Yonder door is securely locked every night.' ' Can you trust the lock ? ' 'Do you think I should have put a bad one to a room that contains such treasures ? No, the lock is one I choose myself, and would baffle a practised burglar. There is the same kind of lock on yonder, door, communicating with the dxessing-roem. I turn the key in both with my own hand every night after 'Wincher .has left me. I am still strong enough to move about the room, though I feel my strength les sening. day by day. God pity me when I lie helpless on yonder bed) as I must do soon.' ' Nay, my dear sir, let ub hope for a favourable change ere long.' ' 1 have almost left off hoping,' answered the old man, wearily. ' All the drugs m your surgery will hot cure me.' I am tired of trying first this medicine and then ? that. For some time, indeed, I believed that you understood my case; that your medicines were of some good to me. Within the last three weeks they have seemed only to aggravate my dis order.' Lucius ' took up a medicine :bottle from the little table by the bed half absently. It was empty. ' When did you take your last dose ? ' he asked. ' Half-an-hour ago.' ' I will try to find you a new tonic ; something that shall not produce the nausea you have com plained of lately. I cannot understand how this mixture should have had such an effect ; but it is just ? possible you may have an antipathy to quinine. I will give you a medicine without any quinine.' Mr. Sivewright gave an impatient sigh, expressive of non-helief in the whole faculty of medicine. 'Do tthatyou please with me,' he said. 'If you do not succeed, 'in lengthening my life, I suppose I may depend upon your not shortening it. And as you charge me nothing for your services, I have no right to complain if their value corresponds with the Tate of your recompense.' 'I am sorry to see you have lost confidence in me, ? sir,' said Lucius, somewhat wounded, yet willing to oxgive a 'sick man's petulance. ' ?' I have not lost confidence in you 'individually. 1 It is the whole science of medicine which I disbelieve in. Here am i, after four months' patient observance of your - regimen, eating, drinking, sleeping, ay, almpBt thinking according to your advice, and yet I am no_ better at the end of it all, but feel myself growing ? daily worse. If all your endeavours to patch up a broken constitution have resulted only in failure,' why dtf you riot tell me so without farther parley. I told you at the beginning that I was1 stoic enough to receive my death warrant without a pang.' -?? =? . ' Aud i tell you again, as I fold you then, th«t T have no sentence of death to pronounce. '. I confess „ that your symptoms during the last three ?^kB'haye ' somewhat puzzled me. If they continue to do sb T ' shall ask your permission to consult a medical titnn of ? wider experience than my own.', ; ' .' N6f*.' answeted the old man captiously, ' I will see no strangers. I will be experimentalised upon! by no new hand. If you can't cure' me, pttt tne 'down as incurable. And now you had better go to your othe I patients; I hare kept you later than usUall- YOwwiH ? cpnie back in the evening, I suppose?' *»«» ?« -- ' - * ' Moflt' certainly.' u . (if q.s;itw*- ' Very well, then, devote your evening ; to -«nC) for once in a way, instead of to Lucille. YouWill have plenty of her society by-and-bye, when she * is^ your wife. I want to talk seriously -with you. The'rime has come when there must be no more conceahuent between you and me. There are secrets Which &' . may do wisely to keep through life, but -which*-' it is fatal to carry to the grave. Give me your hand, Lucius,' he said, stretching ' out Ms wasted fingCrs to meet the strong grasp of the surgeon ; 'we haVe not known each other long, yet as much' as I can Wast anybody I trust you ; as much as I can love anybody —since my son turned my milk of human kindness to gall — I love you. Gome back to me fhis evening, and I will prove to you that this is no idle protesta tion.' ' ' ' The thin hand trembled in Lucius Davoren*s grasp. There was more emotion in these words of Homer Sivewright's than Lucius had supposed the -old' man capable of feeling. 1 ' Whatever service you may required irte, What ever trust you may confidfe in me,' said' the-isurgeon with Warmth, 'be assured that the serviccnhalLbe faithfully performed, the trust held sacred.' -And thus they parted. - CHAPTER IH. r..-'-T . ; ? Homer Sivewright's Last Will and Testament. It was nearly- dusk that evening when - Lucius returned to Cedar House. His daily round had occu pied more time than usual, and however full his mind might be of that strange old man, or of the woman he Ibved, he did not shorten a visit or* neglect the smallest detail-of his duty. The lamp was lighted in Mr. Sivewright's room, though it was not yet dark outside— only the sultry dusk of a late summer day. The day had been oppressive; and the Shadrack- dis- trict had a prostrate airin its parched dustiness, like ^ ... * a camel in the desert panting for distant waterpools. The low leaden Bky had threatened a storm ainc& * noon, and the denizens of the Shadrack Road, more especially the feminine population, had been so flut- ^ tered and disturbed by the expectation of the coining - tempest as to be unable, in their own language,^' to set to anything ' all day long. Work at . the wtosh tub had progressed slowly, wringing had hung on hand, and the very mangles of Shadrack had turned listlessly under the influence of the weather. If was the cholera season, too — a period - which set-in as regularly in this district as the gambling season orihe water-drinking season at Homburg or Baden, or the bathing season at Ostend or Biarritz. Stone fruit, was selling cheaply on the hawkers' barrows, cucunqbers were at a discount, vegetable marrows met with no inquiry, conger eel and mackarel. were unpopular, and even salmon was not a stranger to the barrows. , All the wealth of the vanishing summer— luxuries which a few short weeks agoiiad been counted amongst the delicacies of the season, and paid for accordingly — had drifted this way on the strong tide of .time, * and lay, as it were, at the feet of the Shadrapkites. Upon which the Shadrackites, looking askant at T the coBtermongers' barrows, remarked that cholera was about. Mr. Davoren found his patient seated: before a Writing table, which he had never until now seen , opened. It was that kind of writing table which is called a bonheur dujour , a small table provided with ^ numerous drawers ; a table of- choice tulip wood, inlaid with brass and tortoiseshell, with brass mounts ; a table which, according*to Mr. Sivewright; had been made by no lesser hands than those of Francis Boule. The lamp stood on this table, all the drawers were open and brimming over with papers, and. before it, wrapped in 'the ancient dressing-gown of ? faded damask, sat the old man. ' ' ' I beg your pardon, sir,' said Lucius, about to withdraw, for he knew that his patient had strange secret ways about his papers. ' You are not ready for me, perhaps. I'll go down and . talk to Lucille for a few minutes.' ' Do nothing of the kind ; I am - quite' ready for you. These papers have much to do with what £ am going to say. Come in and lock the door. I have locked the other' door myself. I want to be secure from the possibility of interruption. And now sit down by my side.' ? ;,-c. Lucius obeyed without a word. ' Now,' said Mr. Sivewright, 'with the old keen look and sharp tone, the natural energy in the- man dominating even the prostration of sickness, ' give me a straight answer to a straight question'.'- You have had the run of this house for along lime'; have seen everything, have had time to form four judg ment : which do you think me now — a poor man or a miser?' 'You will not be offended by my candour?'* inquired Lucius. ' Certainly not. Have I not enjoined you- to be candid?' ' , \ v.t . 'Then,' replied the other, with a grave smile, ' I admit that, in spite of your protestations of poverty, I have thought you rich. Until a short time ago, indeed, I was inclined to believe' your state ment ; I really thought that you had sunk all your 'money in the purchase of these things/' with that half-contemptuous glance at the art- treasures which Mr. 'Sivewright had before observed? V ?*' but . when you spoke the other day of a possible iutruder in this house with so much alarm, I told -myself that if you had nothing to lose— or nothing' more portable than yonder sarcophagus or this desk — you could hardly cherish the suspicion of foul play)' . 'Fairly reasoned. Them you thought, because I was alarmed by the idea of a secret visitant prowling about my house in the dead of the night, that I must needs have some secret hoard, some- hidden treasure, for whose safety 1 feared ? ' ' That was almost my thought.' ' There you were wrong; but only so far were you ''* ' wrong,' answered Mr. Sivevfright, with unwonted energy. 'I am not such a baby as to hoard my *&, guineas in an old muniment- chest, for the babyish pleasure of gloating Over my treasure in the stillness of the night— letting the golden coins run likeglit 'tering yellow water through my fingers; -counting and recounting ; stacking the gold into little piles, ''twenties, fifties, hundreds. No. I' am a miser — 'granted; but' I am not a fool. There ''is nothing in t ? this house but the objects which you have seM ; but | those are worth a princely fortune. ThiS very table f , at ' which I am how sitting, and which to your , uneducated eye doubtless seems a trumpery giincrack thing, was sold at Christie's six months ago fox a hundred and twenty pounds, and will sell aiyear hence for half as much again. The value of money is diminishing year by year ; the number of wealthy buyers Ib increasing year by year ; and these treasures and relies of the past — specimens of manufactures that have perished, of arts that are forgotten, titehhndi workoi genius which has left no -inhhritoia— qhese cannot multiply. The capital these represent isTarge, . . * and whenever they are put up to auction lu- Ghristie ';-w and ' Malison's sale- rooms thht - topital MWltt be ^ quadrupled. I do not speak at random, I)&vOrifo; : I know my trade. After toe apprehtiotohib ht A life time 1 can venture to spettk boldly.' ?- Y fiifrsi thirty thousand pounds uppn thetreastir6F-oaihis houBe, and I consider that tlurtyrfiitoiilBNLbf «nnk capital to represent rimve altoadptd llibjuijiirt in toe future.' '' ...Jtocmelopkcdatthe speaker with mute astonish hment: W8B this utter madness? The hallucination «{ a mind whieh had become distorted by constant dwelling upon one subject? The wild dreamofan , artijhnatic?, Homer Sivewright' s calm and serious ^ir-Hthe b|isines8-like manner of his statement — i . forbade the idea. He might deceive himself. -8 to the \- vfdueoi his possessions ; but there was no madness j here. n: ' Yon do not believe ipe,' said Mr. Sivewright, , taking the surgeon's wondering silence ss the mdica I tion of incredulity. 'You think I am a doting \- old tool ; that I must be stark mad when I tell you that I, who have lived as poorly as an anchorite, nave i \- been content to sink thirty thousand pounds^ repre- senting at five per cent, fifteen hundred a year—in j ? -the j. purchase of things which, to your untutored udgment, may perhaps appear so much second-hand trumpery.' . ' No,' answered Lucius slowly, like a man smkhuiffi from a dream j 'I can appreciate the value and the beauty of many among your treasures. ])ut thirty .thousand pounds — the sum seems prodi gious.' ; ' A mere bagatelle compared with the sums that ... hgve.been sunk in the same kind of property. But I ?have never bought unless I. could buy a bargain. I ? an old band— cautious as a fox. I have not dis ; puted the possession of a Sevres tea-cup or a Dresden snuff-box with wealthy amateurs. I have waited my chance, and bought gems which the common herd . were too ignorant to appreciate. ? I have picked up my treasures in odd nooks and corners ; have travelled half over Europe in quest of spoil. Thus my thirty thousand pounds represent sixty thousand of another man's money.' ' And you have given up your declining years to constant labour ; you have racked your brains with never-ending calculations;, and you have lived, as you say, like an anchorite — for what result ? Only to ambss this heap of things — as useless for any of ;the ? practical needs of life as they are artistically beau , f liful. You have pinched and scraped and toiled — shortened your own life, and robbed your grandchild of every joy that makes youth worth having. Good jt heavens,' exclaimed Lucius, indignant at the thought \- of that joyless existence to which this old man had condemned Lucille, 'was there ever such folly! ?tHay, it is worse than folly, it is a crime — a sin against \--yourself, whom you have robbed of natural rest, and ' all the comforts to which men look . forward as * .the solace of age— a still , greater sin against that \- unselfish girl whose life you have .filled with care and . trouble.' ? This reproach struck home. The old man sighed heavily, his head drooped upon his breast, and he covered his face with his thin hand. ' Why have you made this insensate use of your money?' exclaimed Lucius. 'What madness pos ' eeseed you ? ' The madness men call revenge,' cried Mr. Sive wright, uncovering his face and lifting his head proudly, with an air of triumph. 'Listen, Lucius * Davoren, and when you have heard my story, -call me a madman if you will. You will at least perceive tha-; there has been a fixed purpose in all I did. When my fake ungrateful son — whom I had loved with all the weak indulgent affection of a solitary man who con \- centrates all his store of feeling upon , one object, his f ' only -child — when my wicked son left me, he left me impoverished by his theft, and, as he doubt '' )ess believed, ruined for life. He shook the dust of my bouse from his feet, and went out into the world, '*? never intending to re-cross my threshold. 1 had no thing more that could tempt him. My stock .had b6fen diminishing daily under his dishonest hands ; the sacrifice 1 had made to secure the new premises shrunk it to a vanishing point. Thus he left me, to all i- intents and purposes, a beggar. It was the old story of the squeezed orange. He had no compunction in flinging away the rind.' ?? He used you hardly,' said Lucius, ' like a villain ?; as he was.' : .«? On the night after he left, I sat alone by my miserable hearth, in that room which had never wit nessed one hour of domestic peace ; I eat alone, and -brooded over my wrongs. Then it seemed to me almbstas if that very devil who came to Dr. Faustus ? ' (in his study came and , stood behind my chair, and , . . whispered in my ear. 4 Come,' said the fiend, 4 love is worn out, but there is one thing left you still— re- venge. Grow rich, and. this base son, who leaves you to perish' like a maimed lion in his den, will come babk ..- and fawn upon you for your- money. Grow rich again; show him - what might have beenhis reward ; had he behaved decently to you. Let him lie at your ,. doorand starve, and beg as Dives begged for a drop of water, and- be. refused. Then it will be your turn to laugh, as he no doubt is now laughing at you.' ' P A strange suggestion, and worthy to come from the spirit of evil,' said Lucius. 'i I cared hot if it- came straight, from Lucifer,' answered the other, passionately. ' From that hour I lived only tpmake money. I had lived for little else . before, you will say, perhaps;, but I worked harder \- ? ? now. Fortune seemed to favour me, just as the Fates ? - seem now and -then to favour the desperate gamester. . I made some lucky sales with the shrunken remnant of my stock. 1 found gems in queer out-of-fhe- wav ^places ; for, at this time 1 was endowed with an a&npst; . . superhuman activity, and travelled many miles every : day. I roamed the Continent, and brought home wondezB of art. I acquired a reputation for finding . jcbjeets of rarest merit, and celebrated collectors paid * me my price without a murmur. So I worked on, until the expiry of my lease found me with a largo stock and some thousands in hand. Then the idea. . . suddenly occurred tcnrxe that my best chance of dying - a rich man — or of doubling, tripling, or quadrupling zny capital before I died — was to let my stock lie fel , low. I surrendered my premises rather than pay the enormouB rent which the landlord demanded for them. ' * I mieht£have sold my stock, and .retired with, a com '.jl I. j iortabie income ;but I determined^ keep It, and Hie if/, yj:- Wfirih a hundred thousand pounds/ 1 found this old ™ 1 si+i , hquse — roomy, secluded, cheap ; I broughtmy. wealth , ? v-ilMl*®- There are some cases of rare old china stowed - -1, aumy in some of the roomB which you have not even \- Since 1 came here, 1 went on buying, so/long ;;-as pay.fiinds would admit ; and since the exhaustion *__ ? j ,pf-my capital, I have done a good deal of imsiness, in \- - ' barter — weeding out objects of lesser value, 4| ' / ftyyn jwy collection, and making many a good bargain t *ho only half knew their trade. Thus * u -V/eygn g&agnj;, funds were gone, I managed, to enrich ^ iejrqy^»llqctipn.- .. '' j , --r% Iconclude,' said Lucius, 44 that your «hffipltaBnre *B your name to a . -^y^yiim---of , leaving behind yqui a memorial which ' ? ;fhffHypmye.fbr generations to come? ' ' ? -*? Hp ; such ?thought,' answered the other. : ? ' --l^^lk^f/lea^g jthe^ 'tiiing8 to the nation was . j - ? bptngn idlethieat. Hof -.^ucius. .my dream and my v .''hope from the time of my son's desertion have been ?2T the realizationofa large., fortune— you understand, a ^ fejeftaway from tfaathase boy— \--?ti p- fnrtxin* Tophi^ibp iahOuld. faear of. whose foil ex I ; tent nVimilrt hfl known to him : wealth that he should hunger f^j whijbsbelay in jtiie gutter. I haye mhde ; ? ithat fortune, Luau8,andT leave itall tp you., Tjhat n..- Vmrreyenge.' ' sd? m t'Toyon. ; ETd- -aind, -Bi9t a^auqpence, not a alf penny to that man 'snonhfhe S)me%vhihlng to yqu ; not a crust of breaa to ward off the pangs of starva tion. V ;;3r ' . ,'llfpuhave leftr everything tq^ne,' arid, Lucius, with undiminished surprfte, ' to me ! You pass over your granddaughter, your own flesh and blood, to make me your heir ! ' ' What'does it matter whether it goes to you or Lucille ? ' asked Mr. Sievwright. impatiently. ' You love her?' ' With all Ae strength of my heart.' ' And she is to be your wife. She will have the full benefit of all I leave you. Were it left to her — settled upon her ever so tightly, for her ' sole use and benefit, and so on, as the lawyers have it— you would have the advantage all the same. She would sur render all her rights to you. But she would do some thing worse, than that. She has a foolish sentimental idea about that infamous father of hers ; she would let him have the' money. That is why I bequeath everything to you.' ' The precaution is needless, sir,' replied Lucius, gravely. ' I have reason to know that your non no longer lives to trouble you or his daughter.' ' You have reasftn to know! ' cried the old man, angrily. ' What do you know about my son ? And why have you withheld your knowledge from me until this moment?' ' , ,, ' Because it is only within the lastfew weeks that I have discovered your son's identity with a man I met in America, and I did not care to disturb you by any allusion to an agitating subject.' ' 'Who was this man ? ' 'You will not speak of this to Lucille ? She knows — shemust'know nothing of it — of her father's death, ' said Lucius, with painful eagerness. He had spoken rashly, and found himself, as it were, caught in the meshes of his own ill-advised ad mission. . ' She shall know nothing, if you insiBt upon it. For God's sake, don't trifle with me. Is my son dead ? ' He asked the question with as agonising an anxiety as if the son he had long ago renounced were at this moment the idol of his heart. ' I have good reason to believe that he is dead.' ' That is no answer. Give me details, particulars — time, place, the manner of Mb death.' I — I can only tell you what I know,' said Lucius, {tale to the lips. ' There was a portrait among the umber in your loft — the portrait of a young man with dark- hair and eyes.' 'There was but one portrait there,' answered the old man quickly — 'my son's.' ' That picture resembles a man I once met in - America, who, I af towards heard was shot.' ' How ? by whom ? ' ' That I cannot tell you. You must accept the evidence for what it is worth.' . ' I reject it as worthless. What, you see a picture among the lumber in.the loft which reminds you of a face you saw in America — the face of some man who may or may not have been killed in some gold digger's fray, I suppose — and you jump at the conclusion that my son is dead ; that the order of nature has been reversed, and the green tree has fallen before the dis abled trunk ! You tell me, on no better evidence than this, that my dream of revenge has been vain ; that my ungrateful son will never hear, with all the pangs of baffled avarice, of his dead father's wealth — of wealth that might have been his had he been simply honest.' ? ' Say that I am mistaken, then,' replied Lucius, infinitely relieved by the old man's incredulity. How could he have answered if Mr. Sivewright had ques tioned Mm closely ? He was not schooled in false hood. The horrible truth might hayg been wrung from Mm in spite of himself. ' Say that your son still liveE,' he went on. ' I accept your trust, and thank you for your confidence in me. 1 6hall receive your wealth, and may it be long ere it falls to my hands — rather as a trustee than an inheritor — for to my mind it will always belong to Lucille, and not to me.' 'And you swear that my wicked son shall never profit by my hard-earned gains ? ' ' I swear it,' said Lucius, with a weary sigh. ' Then I ana satisfied. My will is straight and simple, and leaves all to you without reserve. It has been duly witnessed, and lies in this inner drawer.' He lifted the flapol the table and showed Lucius a concealed draw at the back. , 'You will re member ? ' . ' Yes,' anBwered ithe surgeon, ^ but I trust in God that it may be long ere that document is needed.' ' Thetis a polite speech common to heirs,' answered Mr. Sivewright, with a touch of bitterness. ' But you h&ve; been very good to me,' he-added, in a softer tone ; 'and I like you. Nay, could I believe in the existence of fxiendsMp, I Bhould be inclined to think that you return my liking.' ' I do, sir, with all my heart,' returned Lucius. ' Your eccentricities kept us as under for Borne time ; but since you have treated me with confidence — since you have bared your heart to me, with its heavy burden of past wrongs and sorrows— you have drawn me very near to you. I deplore the mistaken principle which has guided your later life ; but I cannot, but acknow ledge the magnitude of the wrong \vMch inspired that . dream of revenge. Yet, wMle I accept the trust which you are generous,', enough to confide in me, I regret that I should profit, by your anger against another. If I did not think your son was dead — that all hope; of earthly atonement for his wrong-doing is over— I should refuse to' subscribe to the conditions of your bequest.' ' Say no more about Ms death,' exclaimed the old man 'or you will make me angry. Now one more ?rord about business. If, immediately after my death you want money, sell my collection at cmce. You- will find a catalogue, and detached instructions as to the manner of the sale, in this desk. If, on the other hand, you can afford to wait for your fortune— if you want the present value of thoBe things to double itself— wait twenty years, and sell them before your eldest child comes -of age, In that case, you will have a fortune large enough , to make your sons great mer chants — to dower halfa dozendaughters.' » i shall not be too eager to turn yqpr treasures into money, believe me, sir,' said Lucius. o Good,' said, Mr. Sivewright. '.Ihpught those things to sell again— speculated, ,in them as a broker speculates in shares. Yet it gives me abharp pang to think of their being scattered. Thqy represent all the experience of my life, my youthful woriMp of art, the knowledge of my later . years. . I have looked at; them, aqd handled them, till they seepi to me like sentient things.' - r .;-t. r ' Even Pharaoh, yonder,' said Lucius, with asmue, anxious to turn the currept of hm patient's thoughts, ...which had been dwelling too long upon painful themes, ' 'thouek; he seems scarcely a .lively object toadomk . bedchfitnber.' ; : ? L r \- f ' phnraohiTyas a bargain, answered Mr. Sivewright, ' or.-I shoiildn'tjjhave bought him. The manufacture of mummies is one of the extinct arts, and the article mustH&e; jn market value , with .the lapse of yews.,, New town' spring up; provincial museums .multiply'' —each mpst hiave its mummy.' . ! . , . . i V 'f » pome; .Mx,/ Sivewright^ ,^ou. .haTC,been; talking rath.ermo.re than is good f°r -fi. invalid. May I ring, for your supper s?' i . ' Yes, if you forbid further folk, . but I havg bome 1 thing moip« another hotter,, apd tine of .some import ?'Xeillmt stand ova 'till to-mbrrow. You have fatigued and excited yourself totranucb already. I ?will he with you at the same time tq-morrow evening, if you like.' ? , - *' Do, . there is something 1 am' anxious to speak about ; 'not quite so important as the subject of bur conversation to-night, but yet something that ought to be spoken of. Come to-morrow evening at the same time. Yes, yon are right, I have tired myself out already.' . Mr. Sivewright flung himself hack in his cnair ex hausted. Lucius reproached himself for having suf fered his patient to talk so much, and upon so agitat ing a topic. He stayed while 'the old man sipped a cup ofheef-tea, which he finished with a painful effort; Lucille standing by, and loyking on anxi ously all the while. She had brought the little . supper-tray from the adjoining ^room with her own hands. 'Do try to eat it, deair grandpapa,' she said, as Mi. Sivewright tnfled, with his spoon, and looked despondently at the half-filled cup. ' I made it myself; on purpose that it should be good and strong.' ? ' It is good enough, child, if you could give me the inclination to eat, answered the old man, pushing away the cup with a sigh : ' and now good-night to you both. - I am tired, and shall go to bed at once.' . 'Don't lock the dressing-room door to-night, grandpapa,' said Lucille. ' I am going to sleep there in future, so that I may be close at hand if yeu should want anything in the night.' ' I never want anything in the night,' answered Mr. Sivewright, impatiently. 41 You may juBt as well sleep in your own room.' 'But I like to be near you, grandpapa, and Lucius says you ought to take a little beef-tea very, .early in the morning. Please leave the door unlocked.' ' Very well ; but, in that case, mind you lock the outer door.' ' I will be' careful to do so, grandpapa.' ' Be sure rf that. This change of room is a foolish fancy ; but I am too feeble to dispute the point. Good-night.' He dismissed them both with a wave of his hand — the grandchild who represented the Bum-total of his kindred, and the man to whom he had bequeathed his fortune. Lucille and Lucius went down-stairs together, but both were curiously silent. The surgeon's mind was full of that strange conver sation wjih Homer Sivewright ; die girl had a thoughtful air, as if her mind also were absorbed by some engrossing subject. In ,the dimly-lighted hall she paused, by the open door of the sitting-room, where Mrs. Windier had iust put down the little tray with her young mistress's meagre supper. ' Will you come into the parlour for a little while, Lucius ? ' she asked, as her lover lingered on the threshold with an undecided air. Something un familiar in the tone of her voice jarred upon his ear. ' You ask fhe question almost as if you wished me t® say no, Lucille,' he said. ' I am a little tired,' she answered, faintly, ' and I am sure you must be tired too, you have been so long, up- stairs with grandpapa. It has struck 10.' ' That sounds like my dismissal,' said Lucius, scrutinising the pale face, in which there was a. troubled expression that he had never seen thereuntil oflate. ' So I will say good- night, though I had something, to tell you, had you been inclined to listen.' 41 Tell me all to-morrow, Lucius.' 'It shall be to-morrow, then, dearest. Good night.' And, thus with one tender kisB he left her. 