STBA.NGE STORIES. Another proof of the old adage " Murder will out" is given by the Trenton Sentinel:— It is forty years ago, or more, since the dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near the Stoneybrook Bridge, about one mile to the east of Pennington, a village in the State of New Jersey. We were children then, residing near the said village, and remember the circumstances well. It was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neigh bourhood. Years later, when we boys used to go to swim in that locality, more or less fears were always excited by reference to the cir cumstances ; for boyhood as well as age is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of them J The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech—the face distorted, the eyes protruding, as though the dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokened one being in comfortable circum stances. He was a stranger, and no one ever remembered to have seen him. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to the mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A short time ago accident placed in our hands a copy of the Manchester { England) Examiner. In the number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknow-; ledging to a murder perpetrated about forty years ago, in the State of New Jersey, United ; States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country, and came out about one year before! him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in New York. When Eberhart came out he sought his old acquaintance. He had about i>200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman went with Eberhart on a tour through New Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, and he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pen nington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stopped to eat food they had procured before starting. Hulseman then passed his flask to his com panion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman looked on all the while. He then robbed bim of his money, and set him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should have come to light by a death-bed confession 3,000 miles from the place of commission ; and yet it is even so. I 