LEAVES FROM A L0G-B00K.-No. XX. By an Ancient Mabinee. THE PHANTOM FUNERAL. 'Tis a Dumber of years back, when the writer's boyhood was ppent in a nook of the West of England, a place where vessels— boats, barees. and Buca like crafti— were not swept away by themnovations of steam. There waa hardly a spot along the many miles o£ coast frontage which had not been explored, although the ramifications of the harbour extended in all directions for very long dis tances. Close to the sea opening, the entrance — guarded by a fort on each side — was narrow, but so soon as ft craft waa fairly inside there was ample sea room either to sail up a river on the starboard hand, or gx) away for half a dozen miles up a creek on tho port Bide. It was upon the margin of this creek my early days were passed, and every opportunity was taken to get afloat and cruise its waters about. It consisted of a series of indents with beach on all sides. Easy landing could be effected at high water in every part of the creek, and although ia mid-stream there was eenerallv some traffio going on, yet there were inlets seldom visited by any one. At the head of one of these was a small town whose inhabitants plodded along with out knowing or caring much for the outside world, and were if possible more supersti fciouB than the generality of mankind. AU sorts of old traditions were handed down amongst them from generation to generation; histories, in fact, of daring deeds and tales of bygone days. These had been so added to by time and gO3sip that it was not to ba wondered that the youth of the population imbibed the ancient superstitions, aud whistled aloud as they passed the church yard. There were other spots in tde neigh bourhood which also required to be crossed whistling, and none more than the aforesaid head ot the creek. Even some of the oldsters would rush past that place as if scared out of their wits, for their fr^htened brains saw a phantom in every tree. Clo3e to the spot was the Jewish Cemetery, and this lent additional terror to the surround ings. It was a wild and weird locality, out of the way of constant visitors, although now and then it was chosen ou a summer day by lovers of solitude as a secluded haunt away from the busy acenea of men. Why this particular creek was so feared w.13 explained aa follows by tho '* oldest inhabi tant:'— Many years before a man had boon murdered near it, and aa the perpetrators had never been brought to justice the spirit of the departed haunted the placo. The additional horror existed that at every new moon a funeral procession of spirits un earthed the body aud bore it in solemn procession. There was no mistake about this, for time and often the spectacle had been witnessed. The unquiet spirits were rather select in their mode of procedure, as appeared by the testimony of eye-witnessts. Thus it wa3 recorded that one night, at the stroke of 12, an orderly townsman, who had been wetting his clay at the nearest town, was walking hard to pas3 the spot before the bell had given forth the ghostly hour. But he was too late, and in the darkness there loomed some unearthly figures, the sight of which so filled the maa with terror that he sank motionless ou tho footpath. There was no deception, and although tolerably strong-minded, the spec tacle before him strung his nerves to such a pitch, that while he could see all that trans pired, he was yet compelled to be silent. From the gateway of the cemetery marched a dozen figures with slow aud measured tread. Six were bearing the coffi'i, and without turning to the right or loft, the solemn procession vanished ia the distatico. It was some time before the observer recovered his nerve sufficiently to pro ceed on his way, and when he reictitii the town and told his tale very few wore found who disregarded it, for this was nob the first time that puch unhallowed vigils had been witnessed. Soon after it chanced there were two other belated travellers returning upou tho same road when the spectacle again appeared, though in quite a different form. There were still the dozen spectres, but instead of the coffin being borua by them it was placed on a he,ir.ie with drooping plumes and funeral array. Thi horses appeared to be headless, and also the phantom driver. The fear the demonstra tion excited in the two witnesses was so great that they described the scene in wonderful terms, boldly asserting tho horses to have been the shape and size of six ordinary equine etecda. The phantoms, too, seemed to grow upon each successive manifestation, and they were now declared to havu han some eight or nine feet high. Like tho snowball, the story was increased by being parsed along, and ultimately the place became so invested with supernatural terrors that it was shunned as a plague-spot. No person would on any pretence visit tho creek after evening, aud the spirits seemed to becorau bolder from being left uuassaileJ. O;io night, as the village clock struck 12, a t; ample of horses was heard iu the usually quiet and deserted streets. It was so singular a visitation tlut some of the in. habitants were prompted to look out of their wiudowB, and in the darkness of the night they discerned the Bhadowy outline of the phantom hearse. There wa9 just tho slightert suspicion that spectre horses should have made a little less nuke, but those sceptics who doubted wtr-j soon overruled by the more numerous believers in the ghostly apparition. One marked peculiarity of the speutral pro. ceseion was its erratic character, bit ocoa« sionally months aud months would el;ip3a before a reappearance occurred, and then for awbile it turned up twice ot thrice with but short intervals between. THK REALITY'. Amongst the many vessels of all sorts which knocked about the harbour there was not another such pleasant nautical spectacle aa that furnished by the trawlers aud dredgers when underway for the scene of their labours. . They presented especially % most agreeable diversity in form, size, and rig. Some were of graceful lines, for even in those days there were many smart craft afloat. The emulation between the craws was also a matter to be noted, as one aril all clappal on with a will to give another ' pull at the peak or throat haulyanla, or in deed sweat up anything, to turn. th-» balance of speed in favour of their respec tive cutters. A fine hardy race of mon, inured to every hardship of a seaman's life, and equal to any emergency, were thogy who worked the boata. There was just onsAittle matter, however, about which these aona of tHe sea were singular, and that was au utter disregard of the King's revenue. Ifeverthora was a chance to run a cargo the fishing becamo a secondary matter. The fleetneaa of Boma of the boats, moreover, wan a great induce ment to their owners to make private voyages to the opposite shore, where in La Belle France email investments could ba made in dutiable goods, which, if. landed safely in Britain, furnished a much more profitable harvest than the fisherman's ostensible occupatiou. The latter was a most excellent blind to revenue crniaers, for though it wft3 often suspected tho hardy fiaheiuien made voyages of doubtful hoaesty to the coast ou the other aide of the channel, it was a mosb difficult matter to prove a single inafcanco of the kind. The dangers of the pursuit and the riaks ran were autiicient to put tho men en their mettle for stratagem. Many con sequently weie the devices nsed to run the caTgoes safely ashore. For instance, one of the fishers' occupations was the capture of lobsters and other crastaceae, which were snared in crab-pots or baskets lowered to the bottom on n-cky ground and buoyed by corks so branded that each man knew 1.38 own. When a b -at returned laden from the Jreiich coast, it was frequently the cae that the cargo of spirits w«uld be lowered and properly buoyed in place of the pots. Certain indicative marks would enable con federates to identify the spot when oppor tunity offered for the removal of the plant. The matter .of running the blockade of pre ventive boats was not of very great impor tance, but to effect a landing at points con venient for safety was the greatest considera tion. Many were tho plans suggested to eecure this result, bat none promised success until on a certain night one of the men conceived the idea of playing on the superstitions of the inhabitants by inventing the ghostly funeral. This being agreed to, it was arranged, as on previous occasions, that the cargo of barrels should be deposited in the lobster beds out eidt the harbour. That was done, and as soon as darkness fell a smart boat shoved out to transport the smuggled liquor Impelled by sails ami oa= 8 the t ip was son made, and the vessel hiviu^ been rap dly loaded a return to the harbour wa3 effected without failure. Noiselessly the boat t«ok her way towards the creek, ?where &he; soon became lost to view between the dark forms of the hulks. No time was lost in removing the contra bnnd material to the old cemetery, where the anxious watchers remained awaiting the e.\pected vehicle. There wa3 a tool house in one corner, and there the party robed themselves in long white garments, which completely enveloped their persons without impeding action, coon the souud of wheels told that their confederates were at hand ?with the conveyance. More white calico and additional fitting out rapidly produced the required appearance of a funeral hearee. Other busy hands piled np the tubs in the cart, which were effectually bidden by the solemn trappings draped about ic. Many a jt-ke was baudied as to the consternation the procession would create, and when the clock struck 12 the phantom funeral emerged upon the high way. During its early progress a slow and measured pace was observed on account of its befitting the apparel of the men, but once in the byways where no observers were likely to be met the load was trotted briskly on until after a journey of three miles inland tae present dettination of the cargo was reached. There was a house which had in bygoue days been the home of some squire or county magnate, but now was occupied by a small farmer, whoBe share of the transaction was to receive the liquor in bulk and get it dis tributed in small parcels among the various customers. Once within the h:gh walls of the court- yard the funeraldrapery was doffed, «nul eacerhandB soon placed the spirits in the re motest recesses of the ancient cellars. Return ing to the upper apartments the pwty then drunk success to the smugglers with some of the illicit liquor. At day dawn the self same men were away on the waters of the harbour pursuing their ostensible occupation of catchiDg fisb, and ever aud anon they would pass the word to the Customs whose boats came within hail. For a long period the Phantoms continued to visit the spot, and occasionally they diversified the proceedings by abolishing the hearae for the quiet unostentatious funeral on foot. That the place was haunted nobody could deny, for many of the corporeal ghosts themselves, in order to assist their own designs, gave colour to the rumour, and thus added to the superstitious dread which all felt towards the Jews' Cemetery. When by the lapse of time the apparition failed to strike terror into the minds of the inhabitants it was deemed prudent to withdraw from the suene of the smugglers' successful labours, and in getting their contraband cargoes on land other means were devised to take the place of the 'Phantom Funeral.' 