THE ELECTION OF A NEW POPE. The Papal organ, the Voce dclla Verila, con tains an article in reply to statements mado by some Italian and foreign newspapers on the subject of the Conclave of Cardinals which will be held for the election of a successor to Pope Pius IX. The Voce delta Verila says : — " Foreign Powers never could claim as a right the power of excluding a candidate from elec tion ; this pi'ivilege was merely a concession made by the Cardinals in favour of some Catho lic Sovereigns who protected the Church. At the present time this power belongs to no Government, for all Governments profess the principle of religious equality. In any case non- Catliolic Governments will not have to lie con sulted, and very little heed will be given to any advice from the lame Republics of France anil Spain." With regard to the possibility of a foreign Cardinal being elected, the article says : — " The Pope must be an Italian because every one likes to have at home a person who can speak the same language, and because tho Pope is tho Sovereign of a State which the Italians themselves will certainly restore to him. There is a German Cardinal, hut the unity of that country "is sufficient to prevent him being cliosen. Among the French Cardinals there are several very worthy men, but behind them there is Avignon to frighten us. The two illustrious Austrian Cardinals certainly do not dream of being elected to the Papacy, nor does their Government push forward their claims. The secret of all the noise which has been made about this matter is, that the Italian Govern ment would prefer to see a foreign Pojie nomi nated in order to increase the difficulty of restoring the temporal power and to alienate from the Pontiff the sympathies of tho Italians ; hut a Pope fi'om the banks of the Spree, the Seine, the Danube, or the Thames, would encounter enormous difficulties, and we our selves, with the utmost good will, should he in danger of not understanding him, and of not being understood by him." — All this from Ultramontane writers seem strangely inconsist ent with their doctrine that the election of a Pope is always carried by direct and immediate inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and is never thought of beforehand. 