CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S, IPSWICH. (UOMINEGATED.) The Right Rev. Dr. Quinn conferred the Sacrament of Confirmation in the above-named church, on Sun day last, on 344 subjects, many of whom were adults. Thoese who came from Helidon, Gatton, Laidley, Grandohester, Alfred. Rosewobd, Walloon, Pine Mountain, Goodna, Redbank, Redbank Plains, Peak Mountain, Purga Creek, Bundanba, and other distant localities took lodgings in town during the week, that they might be able to attend the course of instruction given by the Rev. Andrew Horan as a special prepa ration to receive the sacrament worthily. Many rode in every morning over distances of twenty miles, and went back again in the evening. The Bishop, who was in excellent health, arrived from Toowoomba about the middle of the week, and assisted in hearing con fessions daily until last mass on Sunday. After 11 o'olelk each night numbers were still around the two confessionals, but had to return home unheard till next day. The total number of communicants, on Saturday and Sunday, was considerably over 700 of all ages. At an early hour on Sunday morning the small paddock adjoining the church began to be alive with horses covered with sweat and dust, and numbers of people from afar off were eagerly waiting for the doors to be opened. Many, failing to receive communion in the morning, were obliged to remain fasting until their return to their distant homes after midday mass. Seven adults, who had been for some time under in struction, were received into the Church, three of whom were confirmed with the rest. About two hours before the time appointed for the ceremony people began to arrive in such numbers that it was deemed advisable to lock the church doors to prevent overcrowding; and long before the hour fixed more of all creeds than would have filled the church seven times had assembled on the grounds. At half-past 2 o'clock the Bishop, followed by the candidates for confirmation, entered the aisle by the sacristy door for the purpose of making the following pledges of temperance and total abstinence: "We, the undersigned, deelare that it is our intention, with God's help, not to drink spirituous liquors of any kind inside a public-house, nor to use intoxicating drinks, viz., whiskey, rum, brandy, &c.;, &c.;, either in a public-house or elsewhere; moreover, to observe moderation in the use of spirituous liquors in our own and our neighbours' houses." Also, the following pledge of total abstinence : "I, the undersigned, de clare it to be my fixed determination, with the Divine assistance, not to taste spirituous drinks of any kind until I shall have completed my twenty-fifth year, or for such longer period as I may specify after my name." When all had made these promises they took their places in front of the large altar, which had been tastefully decorafed by the Sisters of Mercy : the boys on the right and the girls on the left side. The doors were then opened, and every available inch of space was quickly filled to suffocation; scarcely a sixth of those present could get within the doors. Before administering confirmation the Bishop preached an instructive discourse which was addressed chieflyto thechildrenabout to receire that sacrament. In the course of his observations he said: " My dear children, after so many months of preparation for this happy moment you at last find yourselves before the altar of the Moat High to consummate that delightful vision which for so long you have beheld only at a distance. That stamp or character which can never be effaced will be to-day indelibly imprinted on your souls. It will always remain on them either for your greater honour and glory or for your greater torment and ignominy, according to the good or bad use you make of the gifts of God. That spiritual mark will be an eternal sourceof boundless joy or a never-ending source of the most excruciating torments. By bsptism you were freed from original sin, by it you renounced the dcvil with all his works and pomps, by it you became members of Christ, and acquired a right to His kingdom. ?o-day you are going to receive another Sacrament which will enable you to fight more successfully against the enemies who seek to deprive you of that glorious inheritance. You must henceforward be true soldiers of Him, confessing Him before men, and be, if necessary, ready to die for His sake. He, your master, is present everywhere, but we cannot see Him with corporeal eyes. He is not like the air you breathe, nor like light and darknes- a succeseion ofehanges-norlikeheatand cold. He is always the same. He is everywhere. He requires you to adore and serve Him at all times and in all places. Because, as St. Augustine, the immortal Bishop of Hipps, so well and wisely remarks, ' He who created you without you own co- operation cannot save you without your own co-operation' Therefore co-operate with His graces by avoiding evil and doing good. His merey you have always experienced. Pray lest you ever fall under His justice, for He is essentially just and has fixed a limit to the offences and years of each one. Some may be called to an account after the frst outrage, some after one hundred, some after one thousand; but certain it is that each and everyone will have to give his and her account sooner or later. None will escape it. Ton years may be the period fixed for some, twenty for others, thirty for more, and perhaps one hundred for a few, but not one can escape for ever without appearing to be weighed in the balance. Pray therefore that you may so live as to merit the rewards of faithful soldiers. Be on your guard agairat bad examples which daily brings so many souls to eternal misery-and souls which like your own wear the badge, as it were, of their profession. I shall briefly touch on two fruitful sources of vice. These are drunkenness and swearing. The pledges against intemperance, which you all, boys and girls, have just taken is a strong guarantee that you will endeavour to avoid that demon-drink-which de stroys the image and likeness of God on so many souls, and reduces its votaries to the level of the brute. I am well aware that strong drinks are a punishment and not a pleasure to colonial children. Still you may see a great deal of it in your owc families. If you do not grow up intemperate the bad example may cause you to commit other sines which will sever you from Jesus Christ, and de prive you of the hanpiness of seeing Him face to face. Lastly, I say, avoid swearing. You are going to be enrolled under the banner of IHim who says, " Do not swear at all, either by heavon or by earth; let your speech be yes! yeas! no! no!" That is, let it be simple and t.uthful. There is no need that your words be accompanied by an oath or a curse. Beseech the Holy Ghost, whose seven gifts you are going to receive, to remove these and all other bad examples from your eight and hearing. Offer up a fervent prayer for your parents, who have done so much for you; ask God to make them such as they ought to be, so that they may lead you to heaven by word and example. Pray also for the souls in purgatory, for they too are members of the Church like you. It is a holy and a wholesome thought toask that they may be forgiven their sins. Pray likewise for those be lieving in the same God as you, but who belong to a Church of which faith tells you that you can never become members. Pray for all those, I say, that they as well as you may meet one day around the throne of the Lamb to enjoy the glories of her for ever and ever. Amen. After the Bishop had concluded, the boys first and then the girls came to the altar rails, where they were confirmed. Along with their own names, nearly all of them took the cherished names of Patrick, Mary, Bridget, or Joseph, showing that, although mostly Australian born, they are indebted for their faith to the "Island of Saints." The ceremony was brought to an end by the benediction. The entire proceedings lasted three hours, and up to the very last moment the desire to enter seemed as great as at the commence ment of the service. 