M¥ WIDOW. Jones advised me not to marry her — he said she was too young and pretty. Famum advised me to be an old bachelor — told me a man past 40 simply made a fool of himself by matrimony. Tewksbury — a man who is notorious for never minding his own business — told me she had had a love affair with Harry Birmingham. Allen shook his head, and said Clara Meyers might be very pretty, but he liked somebody more maturer and settled. (N.B. — Ke married his housekeeper the next week, and she is mature enough for Methuselah himself.) Everybody thought I was trying a danger ous experiment ; but I didn't pretend to suit everybody, so I simply suited myself. I went quietly to church with Clara Meyers, and married her one glorious January morn ing, when the old St. Paul's was fringed with glittering icicles, and the brisk wind was freighted with the particles of flying snow, like a battalion of diamonds on a double quick. She was 19 and I about 39. She was as beautiful as a rosebud, with a sly, pretty way, like a timid child, and I am* a rough old codger, sound enough at heart, but like a win ter apple, unpromising on tbe exterior. ?In short we were as unlike, as May and November, and the good-natured world shook itr? head, and said, ' No good could come of such an unequal match.' But she said she loved me and I believed her. Nobody could look into Clara's nlup. eves and not believe her. VOU see. And the next day I made a will and be queathed all my property, unconditionally, to my wife. ' Are you sure you are doing a wise thing1, Mr Folliott?' said Mardyn, tho lawyer, push ing his blue spectacles upon his forehead, until he looked like a bald old gnome, with a double pair of eyea. ' You see she is very much younger than yourself, and — ' ' Please to be so kind as to mind your own business,' said I, brusquely. ' Dont' be offended, Mardyn, but really people seem to suppose I am not able to attend to my own affairs.' ?'Just as you please,' said Mardyn, in a rage. ' I am a mere tool in your hands.' ' That's it exactly.' So I signed the will and went home to Clara. ' Oh, Paul, you must not die I' said Clara, with a sacred look, when I told her what I had done. ' Nobody ever loved me as truly and generously as you have done, and I don't know what I should do if you were taken away.' 'There was young Birmingham, if all reports were true — ' I mischievously began, but the curl on Clara's lip stopped me. ' A mere butterfly,' she said haughtily, ' without brains or principle. Paul, Paul, I have found a shelter in your true, loving heart, and I mean to nestle there always !' And then she cried — this foolish, soft hearted little wife of mine. So things went on until the firm of which I was managing partner needed to send some one to Calcutta to see after a turbaned scoun drel of an agent, who had absconded with more money than we could well afford to lose. Harrison was old and feeble, Hewitt's wife lay very ill, so I was the one to go. I kissed Clara and said good-bye as cheerfully as I could, fully expecting to he back in three months or so. I had to follow the agent up into the mountains of India. I fell ill of one of those burning climate fevers in the bungalow of an old native priest, and the months flew by un til it was more than a year before I found my self on the deck of the ' Blue-eyed Mary,' sfeaininjr info harbor. And all this time Clara had never heard from me. I bad written to her to prepare herself for what seemed almost like my rising from the dead, but I had afterwards found my letters in the pocket of the neglectful native servant who had undertaken to deliver the mails to the Calcutta office. ' But it don't matter so much now,' I thought, ushe will be the more delighted, poor little girl !' And then a cold chill seemed to creep through my veins, like November's wind suddenly beating across a bed of flowers. Clara had heard nothing1 of me for nearly fifteen months. What might not have hap pened ia that time? What Tewksbury, and Jones, and Allen, and all the other prophetic ravens of my acquaintance had said, recurred to my mind like the burden of an uneasy dream. I had been counting the days, the very minutes, until we should touch s port j bllt now that, mv fftpt. ranc nnpj- mnrn nnnn tho pavements of my native city, I actually dared not go home. I turned into a restaurant, where I had been wont to go in the days of my bachelor hood, and slunk in tbe dark corner — the twi light was just falling and I was sheltered by the partition. Hush ! That was Tewksbury's voice, harsh and jarring, as of old. 'Just what might have been expected,' said Tewksbury. ' Pretty and young widows don't go begging in this market.' ' Folliott might have known it,' growled old Farnura. ' Poor Foliiott ! There were some good points about him, too. Sad thing that — very sad thing !' ' We must all die,' said Tewksbury, gravely. ' Yes, but a fellow would naturally prefer dying in his bed to being carried off by an East Indian fever and buried in tbe jungles.' I shuddered. Had I then come home to my own funeral as it were ? ** And sr-.e's going to marry young Bir mingham after all,' added Farnura. The paper dropped from my hand. ' I could have told Folliott so when I found out what a confounded idiotic will he made.' said Tewksbury. ' So gold has fallen again ; just my luck ; I sold out to-night.' I stayed here no more, but staggered out in in the darkness, with the idea whirling through my dizzy brain that my Clara was mine no longer ! It was unquestionable, what Tewksbury bad said ; I might have anticipated tome such end. She was too young, too lovely for such a rough old fellow as I was. My widow — what a curious sensation the words gave me as I mentally pronounced them. * Under my own windows, with the ruby-red light shining through wine-colored damask curtains, I stood, feeling as Rip Van Winkle must have felt in the play — like a dead man walking on earth once more. Voices and lights were within. I opened the door softly and crept into the hall. The drawing-room door was ajar. Clara herself stood before the fire in deep black robes, with a frill of black crape on her auburn gold tresses— the awful sign and symbol of her widowhood. Directly opposite stood Harry Birmingham, looking diabolically young and handsome in the soft light. ' Clara, Clara I' he cried, ' you surely are not in earnest. You will consider ?' li My answer is final,' she responded. ' The time might once have been when I fancied I had a childish liking for you, Harry Birmingham, bat that time has long since passed away; I gave my heart to the noblest man that ever breathed — Paul Folliott — and in his grave it is forever buried. I loved him once j I shall love him on into eternity. I never was half worthy of him, but — ' And Clara's voice was choked with sobs. ** My love, my darling — my own precious How I ever got into the room — how I managed to make Clara comprehend that I was my ovm living self, and not a ghost that had arisen from the shadow of the sepulchre, I cannot tell to this day — neither can she — but I know that young Birmingham somehow disappeared, and I was standing with Clara clasped to ray breast, the happiest man that ever breathed God's blessed air. For Jones, Tewksbury, Farnum, and Co., were all wrong, and to use the words of the orthordox fairy stories, slightly paraphrased, I and my widow w lived happy ever afterwards.' — Town and Country. 