" SANDHURST CATTLE MARKET. (PROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 1 Monday, 30th December. Messrs. F.Uersliatik, Eaglestone and Co. report :-Fat Cattle—543 were yarded, the whole of wh-ch was well suited to the Wants of the trade. The attendance waa very Bcarce, but was quite oqual to the supply; the , bidding was brisk, and the prices realised was rather better than last week, closing very firm- Fat Calves 18 in, which sold .well. Fat Ssheep—3,60j were penned. A portion of those were only stores, although the best lots sold readily at good prices, but as there was almost a'total absence of outside , buyers i t was .difficult to distjorg of anything else. We sold for Messrs. Simie, Frafer end Craig, 781 wetherB from lis to lis Gd, and 1.064 for different owners—wethers to Us, ewes to 78 Od. Fat Lambs —Only 282 were pchned, and these were of inferior quality. Wt sold 243 at f-om 6s to 9a« Christ Church Galleiiy Fuot. The following the complete statement of : how the money to defray the cost of erecting the gallery has been raised—Proceeds of concert in October, L12 14s. Subscriptions—Messrs. M Cullocl'i L5, Moore L5, J. P. Drought LI Is, R. J. Glass LI Is, T. Webb LI Labor-Messrs ! Smith 15s, Williams 15s, M'Nair 15, Greenfield 10s. Portions of two church collections— Dec 8th, L5 3s ; Christmas Day, L3 18s Cd. Total, L37 12s Gd. Oddfellows.—At a meeting of the Loyal Echuca Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U. held last ni<rht at the lodge room, Dixon-street, the following members were appointed officers for the ensuing half-year : -P.G-. Molyneux, Grand Master: P.V.G. Johnson, N.G. ; P.V.G. Triggs, V.G., and P.G. Couche, Secretary. The lodge now is, we understand, some eighty members strong. SwAn TTtt.t. Hospital.—A meeting of the subscribers of one pound and upwards to the funds of this institution, will take place m the Board Room, Swan Hill, on Thursday, the 9th •instant. "Vict obi an Railways.—Return of traffic for the week ending, November 26,1872 :—Passengers 62,569 ; passengers, parcels, carriages, ' horses, dogs and mails, £10,066 7s 2d^ merchandise. minerals and cattle, £5,941 3s lid. Total for the week, £16,907 lis Id ; corresponding week in 1871, £15,258 lis id. ' Accident while Shooting.—On Saturday a young man named Edward Barrow, a stockdriver, working at Raywood, met with a serious accident whilst out shooting. As he was going through the bush lie carried a flask of gunpow- ; der in his trousers' pocket, together with a quantity of matches ; the latter accidentally ignited, and set fire to the powder, which exploded, burning his thigh very severely. He ■was yesterday admitted into the hospital} where his injuries were carefully attended to.—Bendigo Advertiser. A Slight Mistake.—We read that a gentle.' man from " sunny Italy," residing in San Francisco, recently made a trifling mistake m arranging the preliminaries for his marriage. He wished to procure a license, but being from " sunny Italy" and ignorant of the language which is spoken in California—which is said to ' resemble the English in some respects-he could not make himself clearly understood. Thus it happened that when he presented himself with the expectant bride before the officer who was to perform the ceremony, it was found that he had a license, not to take a wife, but to keep a dog. The record ends at this critical stage of the proceeding, but if that young woman was a representative of California females, it is fair to infer that there was rather an animated scene in that vicinity about that time. A Chinese Ghost.—In the last number of the China Overland Mail we find the following ; " A curious story is in circulation amongst the Chinese—curious as it relates to the alleged appearance of the murdered man's spirit asking for redress. Some time a ago junk sailed from Hoifoong, containing a number of collies for the barracoons of Maco. Having arrived there, the .cargo was quickly disposed of,and tho captain • received as freight something over l,000dol. •This incited the helmsman and some of the crew to league themselves with two piratical junks to ,. .fittack the boat and to rob tho captain of the money. Two or three days since the junk left Macao, going back to Hoifoong. On the way, near Chang Chow, tho two pirates hove in Bi«ht. and the helmnsman steered close rip to them, when the pirates boarded the junk, killed the captain and threw him overboard. Here comes the inysterous part of the story. The master of the Luk Kee barracoon one night dreamed a dream, in which he saw the ghost of • the murdered man before him, saying ho had been murdered, that he was . robbed of his money, and that he wished the barracoon master to complain and try to obtain redress for him, which he thought would not be difficult, as the pirates were sailing off Chang Chow." _ Scakcity of Gamb.—Since the shooting sea■son commenced on the lakes, the game (the ■ Gcolony Advertiser says) seems to have made themselves unusually scarce. As much as 5s. has been offered for a brace of ducks, and other kinds of wild fowl sell at proportionately high rates. Sportsmen who have lately visited Lake Connewara state that they neversaw black swans or ducks so scarce at this season of the year. Some of the residents attribute tho fact to the employment of a larger number of formidable big guns than usual, 