Noxious Weeds at Gerringong KIAMA POLICE COURT. TUESDAY, MAY 13. Before H. Connell and W. Robson, Esqs., J.P.) J. Johnston (Gerringong Weed Inspector) v. T. S. Speir. The information charged defendant with allow- ing Scotch thistles and cotton plants to grow on his free selection at Foxground, after due notice, contrary to the Municipalities Act and the by- laws of the Gerringong Council. The evidence of the Inspector was in effect that he inspected the farm in question on the 7th March last, and reported its dirty state to the Council on the 17th; the same day he received instructions from the Council to give defendant notice to clear off the weeds in seven days, and if he failed, to prosecute; he inspected the farm again on the 2nd April, which allowed fifteen days, and finding that little or nothing had been done, he took out the summons; the defendant had been fined before for a rented farm, but not for his selection; he (plaintiff) had no desire to see him fined again; at the same time he was bound to do his duty to the Council according to agreement. The Bench held the charge proved, and fined defendant £1 and Inspector's costs 5s 6d. Same v Thomas Black. On same charge, the farm also in the Fox- ground. The evidence of the Inspector in all respects similar, save that the date of last inspec- tion was in the 6th instant, nearly a fortnight ago. The defendant admitted that a few weeds might be found on the farm, which was 150 acres in ex- tent, and in places rough, none of it having ever been ploughed, so that it was a very difficult matter to keep it so clean that an Inspector whose business it was, would be able to find a few; he had, however, with his own hands destroyed many weeds on the farm within the last fortnight, and none more than himself saw the necessity of checking the spread of the weeds. The Bench thought the minimum fine provided in the by-law, £1, was excessive in this case, and decided to postpone it for a fortnight, the Inspec- tor to visit the farm again prior to the rehearing, defendant agreeing to allow him half-a- crown for the extra visit— 'Independent.' ? Tub Pabkes MmsTEY.-Tho Premier enter. I tamed the members of tho Cabinet at a &Z;, B at Ins new residence, Ashiield, a few dura since B in commemoration of the first anniversary ohha B existence of his Ministry. All the members' o fl the Government wore present B Tub Dukb of BDiNBUBon.-Tho Paris cotra. B pendent of the ' Herald' states f,,r a fact that tbe B Duke of Edinburgh is now betrothed to the onlv B daughter of the Czar of Russia. H ThbvMubdereb op Captain Loxomuie -The I manC.nss, or Kraus, was arraigned before tie ? Central Criminal Court on Wednesday last forth ? murder of Captain Lougmuir. Messrs. Dalley and I M'Culloch were assigned by the CUrt as hi! ? counsel and attorney, and those gentlemen con- ? ecu ted to act for him. B Leotubes bv tub TicnBimsE Claisus;- ? The ' Herald's' London correspondent write-- I '?The ?'??? Claimant is very quiet; at present, but O I ?must not be 'supposed that he is silent, fletai '' ? given tip his popular addresses in reference toh'n S approaching trial, and taken to delivering lectuw. St descriptive of his life and adventures in A\x- H tralia. From the accounts in the provincial papers ? the idea seems to have proved a happy one. At ? Worcester, the Music Hall was crowded, lit«« ? numbers being unable to obtain Beats. In the ? course of his lecture, the claimant gave what iho ? local paper calls 'a singularly uninteresting' I account of his travels in various park of ilo I world, dwelling ^especially on his doings in Chili I !and Pern, 'nnd oil the. inanne- vj and customs uf tho I people, of : .those'., /countries. He described his 1 journeyacross. the Cordileras, and his visits to 1 Cordova, Monte Video, Rio Janeiro, and other I places. From Rio Janeiro he travelled tn Xew I York and' then went to Australia. Ho said ha I should have had great pleasure in telling them | how lie got to Melbourne, but it was a prohibited j subject. At Melbourne, when he had not a I shilling in his pocket, ho met a squatter, who 1 ottered to give him 303. a week and to find him in I all lie required.- He thought that was better than I 'knocking! about Melbourne,' mid therefore I entered the man's service. Ho went into the j interior,' and in two years became head studman, I and in three years had cliargu of a station. l;Xo I mater,' he observed, what anybody may Fay of a I stockman's life in Australia, I have very great I ploasure in saying that these wens the lnppitst I years of my life. It is very diflcrint ta wlat it 13 I in England. There you can go and hunt orshoot I when yon like j you have no ganio license- to pay. I I remained 'in .the Australian colonies for Uvelvo I years, and I feel proud to say 1 have worked I twelve years of my lifo for my living. And I don't \ hesitate, to' say — although probably many of you j will say it is very bad taste— but if my timo was to come over again I would sooner be a stockman in ; the Australian colonies than I would be a gentleman of £10,000 a year in England. There's ino doubt tho Jife of a stockman is a vctyhsrd ( life indeed. I have been four months and twenty five days in the mountains without seeing a human Creature of any description, and for three months I never slept under a roof, travelling with cattle. Bnt still, for all that, I enjoyed the life, and all that I can say is that, if it was not for my children, I certainly should never remain in this country righting in the manner that I am, bnt should soon | be off again to Australia.' At the close of his lecture, the claimant said : — ' I do not propose to keep you any lonjier ; therefore I shall take the opportunity of telling you, my fellow countrymro, that should any of you feel inclined to emigrate, do not attempt- to go to Brazil, Paraguay, or the Argentine ^Republic. Remember the English Colonies are open to you. You will always find work for those who are willing to work, and you will receive every comfort in those coloniesas ?you will receive in Old England. But my advice to you is, if you know when you aro well off, stop where you are. Ladies and gentlemen, we are on the eve of a great climax. It is to be hoped that to- morrow the bulwarks of Old England will be prevented from being knocked down any lonper. Those lectures mny not help him to win the Tich- ? borne estates, but they certainly will tend to direct working class attention to the Antipodes, for the claimant— whoever lie may bo— is evidently sincere on ono point— his intense affection for Australia. The AaRicuMunAL Society's Bau.-Oii Monday night, the annual ball of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales took pluco m «i« ! Exhibition Building, Priuco Alfred Park, nnd passed on' most successfully. The attendant was very large. Upwards of eight hundred tickets had been issued, and many persona pain »' i admission at tho door. The apuoaraiico of tne . i fine buildinj; was most brilliant, tlio floral and ' ! other decorations having been carried out m a '?most tasteful manner by tho secretary mul tlio ton committee. The design of embellishment has been different at every ball given by tho Agricultural Society, and this occasion forms no exception to the rule. Among those present besides liistacol lency Sir Hercules and Lady Uubimon, woro the Hon. MrDn Cane, tho Governor of Tasmania; Mrs Du Cane, Sir William Macarthur, MrBarlec, Colonial Secretary Western Australia ; tho Hon John Hay, tho Hon Saul Samuel, the Hon J. Sutherland, tho Hon E. Butler, Mr E. K. wx. Commodore Stirling, M. Simon (French Consul;, and Mr F. Dangar. Tho company began W assemble before 9 o'clook, and about half-past J his Excellency, accompanied by Ludy Robinson and suite, tho Hon Mr aud Mrs Du Cane, nrnveil and were received, by Sir William Macarthur, awl other vico-prosidontB of the society, tit the duoro tho buildiuir, the hand playing tho *™°™ Anthom, and Mr Lascellos performing ou be large organ. Dancing began immediately, n» Excellency leading oil' tho quadrille with HIM w Cane. Mr Du Catio danced with Lady Robwson. The ball was prolongod until a late nour, ' Herald.' i»».iiriMmn«MIMrl1IBrfTBWIlWBfflrl?Mffl!tB -!-,»? Rit-LEtfAX 'rttiaEnY.-Tlioprocoo.lmgaof .1 i P,'ronf's inquest in connection with Uio above , 110 « ? w«- wMnmoneeJ at Sydney, on Saturday ; K| conoludcil on Monday, tho inquiry hums .n.-lhv one When tliu prisoner wus askud fWtrhn W-itor Pi.lico AI.ijjiHtr.vto if ho had any y ? ,.n to n«k Ilio apprehending constable, lio q r n c-.'d Enplish ' No, nr' Tl.o cask Of IS coirtninins Ci'l'^'- LnnRnmir'* body was ppirifj «-i , t,,u M..rjuo at an early Tr;;,lf on tum-l:iy ,...«»,-»; ami nfter tho rCncr'a im-y »f'ra omiKmiiulied it wns oponod ffli- P™-«'00 ftnd il1 lhilt Oi to0.*'™110*; i,,. oren'.Hl quite iui.iu.vod. On examination of rt ' sciir. l-r Hamilton fonnrl a severe injury to :,„»!?! 1 iini'»'-niit!y inflicted by suoli a weapon ojtlmt iVltll which .''« ????»« ? ----- q mi extensive fracture, siiflietont to account for ? (tocauso of doiitli, but ns it was supposed that the d Sed lia-1 beon «l»i{!«od .... order to render lim incinil'lo of offuriiiH irsiiitai.ee. an cxaimn Imu 'ncaP^ stomac|, was ordered to bo made. After the evidence hid been taken on Monday, fl,9 Coroner su.nined up, and the jury imuiodi i»l» after returned a verdict of iviltul murder. Kroner then t'ld KnuiM (who had been di ictcHo stawl np) that it was hi* duty to com mit Mm to take his trial at the present Criminal S«K acharKo of wilful mimler. Kra.m : Think v--», fir. 1 am much obliged to you for rmir kimlncss in allowing me to have a seat during L proceeding*, and whilo I am ill. I have l4 mare to «iy. The Coroner Sakl that he 1 -.JL ^..v.iitns to set tho inquest over in tnno Tor tho present Criminal Sessions. It tho trial of Kruiss did not come on at the present sessions, it ™.l-i not do so fur about four months, the result of which would bo that ihe witnesses from tho rifleman would have to bo detained until that lime Krnnss, while reference was being made to letters having been found m bis pantry, in several hnciwes paid that he could speak and write Kvcn'witli ease. One paper was shown which contained memoranda in some half dozen languages imoii' which were entries in Ijatm, Italian, ?Gemini' French, Dutch, and English. Tho incnioV in Latin referred to the treatment of a black seaman for a tuberculous diseaso ; tho EiV'lisIi are notes of disbursements of stores ; one ot tiiu French nioinos is to the following cllect,— 'On the morning of the 10th February we passed t!io C;ipe do Verde Islands, all goes well.' Ihe Tlicmemos in German are the following detached 'Ltonces :- -The Longest day has an end— 0 h\i into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail— at times headacho wines from much growling— Thoso who fall into the wolves deit, must hold with them.' The memo in Italian, which in its bearing on the case scorns to lio the most important of all is without dale, and to the following effect : - ' Thoro has been ft very 'rent row (liaruii'a grandissima) with tho ?ciptain, (described as ' Signor il capitano.'. (Humiliation— Bassainonto !) who struck mo a ; blow on the head. Tho whole thing arose out of Tiothin' at all on my part deserving of such treat ment,' This extract will show that at the time it ms written, Krauss was brooding over a blow re j -ceivetl from the captain. All the memos in the 1 .sereral laii!»iia-,'es have been written in a remarkably i neat hand.' They seem to have been written at '. /? different times. The remains of the late Captain i Tlongmuir, worn conveyed to llieir last resting \ plate nt the B.ilmain Cemetery, on Monday. The I funeral procession was a very largo one, and was ?largely attemlcil ny me masters or, snips in port. Itfcf! the ship Alexander Duthie, on the west ?.' side of the Circular Quay, at a quarter to 3 p.m., ? and the burial service was read by the llcv. i Thnmas Gainford, of tho Mariners Church. \ Tut. Citv Bask Defauwkr.— At the Criminal :; Court, on Tuesday last, Evelyn Charles Warren, i ' ithn pleaded giiil.y to a charge of larceny as a hank t 'clerk, was brought up for sentence. Mr Justice 1 Hirgravo said that the prisoner had been in a \ position of trust and responsibility, and bad com \ mitteel a gross fraud upon Ins employors. It ap \ peirjil that this most unhappy young man bad got * into ' fast society,' and bad taken to betting and | such like objectionable habits. This led him as a j matter oE course, into debt. Under such circum m stances clerks, giving way to extravagance and a » ttimnlitless wasto of their means, but too often ji wnrhtto set themselves right by petty acts' of m fraiid, but this prisoner had robbed bis employers otme large sum or. *iouu. liut tor its uemg ma first offence, and the fact that tho prisoner had, up tn the commission of the crime, borne an excellent character, he should have felt it his duty tend him to work on the roads. Tho sent jnce ?offhoCnurt was— -threo years' imprisonment iu ; Dirlinglittrat gaol, with hard labor. I Tasmania, jixo Suez Postal Route. — The ( 'Hobart Town Mercury' observes: — ' The grasp / ing demand of Victoria that Melbourne Khali ; become the Australian terminus of tho Suez Mail ; Service, may lead to results not contemplated i Trhen this unreasonable proposition was first made. J Hot ' great events from small beginnings spring' I !.' likely to be illustrated in tho coiuo^uonces tlow p ing from what, at first, could have been looked on g a* but a petty squabble, affecting only tho h disputant?. If the same irreconciluivblo spirit is |i imintainetl, and the present riva'ry becomes moro f anall pervading notion with the two Governmerits, e tre aro inclined to believe that Victoria will -have E made a great mistake, and will have to retire dis |j coiiidtod from a'strnsRlo so recklessly provoked. ' || It U not our pnrposo to discuss tho merits of |i Vittovin's demand bej'ond saying that it was I; iojndiciously advanced, and is being unwisely I' p;tjistcd in. There was no sufficient change of I;; ciraimslanccs under tho proposal of Lord I:: Kimberluy to warrant the demand of 'Victoria. I; Now thai the P. and 0. Company's vessels aro l.i wethiiiilecl not in Australia but at Bombay, wo tb\ Wl to recognise any tangible advantage worth B; fitting for as to the terminus. If it be merely a Kj matter of premier rank or prestige, Victoria has K] tnown no titlo to tho preference, ancl therefore, ' Ip to deprive Sydney of whatever vantage ground. W] titio now liolds, appears to partake so much of tho K; mtnwof a gratuitous humiliation that our wonder K; lias little at the Government of New South Wales Kj Kentini it, as our surprise is great at the Govern bf\ uent of Victoria insisting on it. Our interest in ([, postal arrangements is so identified with whatever »p action Victoria may adopt that wo would bo ??.j'uclincil to support any proposition coming from ?Jp, could we justify ourselves in doing so. But ? jin this matter we cannot consistently, with asenso R|«i right, support Victoria in what is either an R| insult to Syilney, or a .pecuniary wrong to the ?Sponp of colonies. If no actual and tangible ad KTantago is derivable from possessing tho terminal ?;t|»rt, why deprive Sydney of what sho values and ptodono nothing to forfeit1! If, on tho othor ?WMnd, to have the terminus is to secure a snb KWittwl bcneQt, why should Victoria demand it ?jWlwttt its bein? put up to competition, and ?ip1 1(- tho highest bidder, reducing j)ro tanto ?|»o«penso of the service to the other colonies V Wk, 'ice, Destitution-, and Death.— On Tuesday .Kfff™. tho City Coroner held, at his office, in ?m» m , ' 1V' in(l'cst respecting tho causo of ?f*'1 ofli woman, named Eliza Montlett, whose mm was then lying at tho Dead-house of the BtWiiey Iiitirmary. It appeared from the evidence Bl,. a',° »'ils a mawiod wouiau (separated from »F msbaml), and 35 years of age. Sho had for K™w month (having previously, according to Be, stateniont of one witness, bein' liviiv in iK!?'i?rt with au ' oW Jew.') slept in aclo3et Kit) . ?,ll0llS0 in Snssox-couvt. A woman ?lln, !lI'^ln'L'° ()f U-° witnesses, byo-the-bye, ?tClf illilt 'nf°i'tnnato class) wlio lived in i'S! f,ref,avrodto' imma har doubled up and ?2 , °,flu0l- o£ tho c[oset- Sllo informed the iCfl iU CQntKl1 Polico Station of tho dis lfenL™i1?'1 ,soniol--C'nstabIo Bradwoll caino and BO ,, W]y t0 tlle Infin»»iy- Mr. T. H. i(^v ' ,''se pnyioian at tho Sydney Infirmary, i*oZ 1W,opinion thilt deatU hll(i resulted from i*.m , 1 l° ^'ry rot'lrnoil «? vordict of death ?'Herald' '^celorated by intemperance.— . Kta1^'? ETrd- hears that the Rttv- A. R. KCt!ry 1 ttieBoly Trinity Church, Grenfoll, mgn through the resignation of the Rev. Jofmp) TniiSjf all-Pox. —A ' Gazotto' Extraordinary wa3 issued onSaturdny containing a proclamation to tho ofloct that the stoninur Baroda, from Galle, having boun plaood in quarantine, all persons aro cimtiohod against holding any communication with Iho said voijsol. Tlio Baroda was placed in qnaran tino on Friday, and arrangeinor.ts were made for landing tho cargo at the Quarantine Station, which after fumigation was brought t-) ?Sydney in light. Tho 'passengers were landed at the station where they were lmulo as comfortable as circumstances will permit. Wo understand that tho Government provide them with furniture' and bedding, and tho P. and O. Company with food aild attondanco. It is infcnnrlert. wo bnlievo. that tho Baroda shall proceed on hor return voyage with the mails on Sunday next. It is im possible to say at present how long the passengers '4' ill ho detained in quarantine, that will depend entirely upon the reports given by thu Health Oflicor. ' PROPOSED PUBLIC LIBRARY AT JAMBEROO— At a meeting of the Municipal Council of Kiama, held on Tuesday last, Alderman Noble moved that application be made to the Colonial Secretary for the statutory grant of £200 for the establishment of a public library in Jamberoo. Nobody who heard him, he was sure, and probably no one in the municipality would undertake to deny the value of such institution as a means of education j and he did not expect any opposition to his motion. He had heard some remarks as to his not having been among the warmest supporters of the project to establish the Kiama library ; but he had certainly never underrated the value of a public library; he had been in doubt as to whether the cost con- nected with it would not be out of proportion to the amount of the grant. He had also been afraid that the Government might not sanction by-laws making the books available for lending. These apprehensions had since been set at rest. He thought they were quite within the letter and spirit of the law in applying for a second grant for a library to be established in Jamberoo. At least half the population of the borough would be imme- diately benefited by it ; and he could not see that the Government would have any cause or justifica- tion for refusing the application. Alderman Coiley briefly seconded the motion. He thought the application might be made with perfect confidence, and they should apply at once. The motion was put and carried unanimously. — 'Independent.' The late Captain Longmuir.— Mr J. G. Raphael, M.P., addressos tho mercantile commu nity of Sydney (per favor of tho ' Empire1) as follows :— -' A heavy affliction having befallen a respectable family, by the loss of their bread winner — I mean in the casp of the murder of Cap tain Longmnir, oh board the Rifleman — I respect fully invibo you to rail a public meeting; to raise funds for tho suffering family, and towards which I will subscribe five pounds.' Attack by an Eaoleiiawk.— Tho ' Waggn Express' states that a somewhat peculiar incident, showing the determination of the eaglehawk, occurred to Mr Todd at .lunoe recently. It ap peared that ho was on tho run looking for the birds, which have been very troublesome among tho lambs, and he succeeded in petting within shot of oue. Ho, however, only winged the bird, ?and went up to adminster the coup de grace. Before doing so tho well-known beauty of the bird's eye ari'-osted his attention, and ho ven tured moro closely than was safe, ns tho talons (if the lamb-stealer were ouicklv at work: and penetrated his leg just above tho ankle, nor coiihl he compel tho bird to let go its hold, notwith standing that ho killed it with the buit of; his gun. Ho was obliged at last to cut the back of the claws with his knife, .in order to .effect' his release. ; .; . . ?'':.'??-''??/- '?' TlIH ANOLO-AuSTRAtlAIT TELBGUAPn.— Tho cable between Pena'ng and Madras is interrupted. A repairing steamer has started for the locality of fault. Tho cable between , Smgaporc- and Penang remains perfect. The British Australian Co. have arranged to forward all European traffic via Siberia during iriterrnption of Madras' cable; This will necessitate an extra, charge of' £2 10s. on a twenty-word message' to London. t No messages will be accepted unless for this route. , New Sooth Wales and Victokia.— The 'Australasian' says :— Mr Parkos is having speedy revenge. He has 'gotat' some influential people at home (tho Chancellor of the Exchequer, an old Sydney -politician, . ' .for '? one), arid is evidently of opinion that a Victorian -difficulty, -about aMnail service ' may bo a New South Wales opportunity. Again,' a little' while ago there was a perpetual throat that Riverina would seperate from New South Wales, and cast in her lot with. Victoria. Now wo have reprisals iii kind. Those mnch enduring ? Gippslanders aro becoming incohsed. They want a railway, .which they ought' to have.' And in default they threaten to go over to New; South Wales. This is turning the tables on Vic torian conceit to some purpose. ?''?' Wild Houses. — The losses which' havo* bi39n sustained by Messrs Devlin and Sons, of Gahmain . ami Decpwater (observes tho ' Wagga Express1) clearly shows how numerous these useless animals are. Three years ago some hundreds were trapped and shot upon the runs, but they now muster as: strongly as ever. -' It is unnecessary to point out the havoc that they commit, ; destroying; as each does, sufficient .to fatten two head.of cattloat the: lowest- cdihputation. Last week, after a fortnight's hard work in Bopuring the runs, some d30 head wore yarded ; aii d, notwithstanding . that many showed a; good deal of breeding, all, with the exception of thirty,1 were killed by dieting their throats. Numbers of station horses h:\v% joined theso wild mobsr and yet only two or threo were secured in tho recent.raid, so that tho herds must be very numerous! ?: The matter is a fit on o for legislation, as horse-breeders annually suffer very great loss from the presence of the animals upon their runs. -?'.?? ' ? A Huoe'Sxow Plocjoh.— Tt will be rocollccted that on one occasion tho Australian mails : via tho United States were delayed a considerable time by snow which had fallen upon tho railway crossing America, and it has. been considered by some of tho political opponents of the San Francisco mail servico that occasional obstructions of this kind are insurmountable and reduce tho value of tho lino. The Amorieans, however, havo sot to work to overcome the difficulty, and wo see it stated that the Union Pacific Railroad is having built, at the shops in Omaha, a snow plough which, when finished, will bo tho largest and most powerful in tho world. It is rapidly approaching completion, and in a few days will bo ready for business. Tho trucks on which it is built aro very heavy and strong, and were cast especially for this plough. Tho platform on tho trucks is 22 feet long and 10 feet C inches wide, and is composed of solid oak timbers, 8 by 1G inches. Theso timbers are hold together by ten iron bolts, l.£ inch in diameter, which run crosswise. This solid bod is fastened to the transom beams by forty bolts, twenty over each truck. Tho inclined slide, placed on tho platform, is 22 feet long, and slopes at an angle of 30 degrees, and is held nrmly to tho bed hy 'forty bolts of an inch iu diameter, and is supported from behind by inclined posts 5 feet long, 8 inchos wide, and 10 inches thick. The entire length, from the rear of the platform end of thoslido, is 32 face. Tho slide is to bo ironed, and an immense plough of the ordinary shape, 18 feet lonsr, 11 feet v.-ido, and 5 feet high, and covered with iron 3-l.G of an inch thick, is to bo securely placed upon it. On tho point of this plough thoro is to be au iron plafe, steel pointed, 11 feet long and 4 feet wide. This plate, of course, runs across tho track, and only ] inch above it. The rear of tho platform will bo boxed in, making a room 12 feet high, 11 feet wide, and 10 foet long, for tho purpose of keeping the snow out. It will bo furnished with a door, so that, if necessary, it can bo bailed with iron. Tho monster will weigh 50 tons, and will be operated by threo of tho heaviest engines. The cost will be over £5000. Tho do-ign was gott up hy Mr C. E. Stevens, superintendent of tha car and building department, and MrJ. H. Cougdon, goneral master mechanic of the road, who must have made it a study since last winter. Thoro will bo but very few snow drifts that this plough won't clean out : but if it ever jumps tho traok, it will be a pretty hard job to get it on again. Ma it SBRvrcr. via Sue!!.— Wo understand that j all tho Australian colonies, with tho exception of Victoria, havo accepted the proposal contained in tho telegram of Lord Kimberluy respecting tho continuance of the postal service as now established via Suez. Tho Governments of New South Waloa, South Australia, and Tasmania havo expressed thoir preference fora contract for tho period of three years, by which a Kaviui; of £12,000 a year would be ellocted ; whilo the Government of Queensland havo replied that thuy would prufor th.it the contract should bo renewed for a. further period uf two years. In any event, there seems to be no reason to doubt that Sydney will continue to ^\n fl,n A neitivilinn tnvmimm ? ' H(»mlil ' Tue Youno Men oi? Batiioiist. — In- com menting on the Dynan case (observes tho ' Times ') tho Chief Justice spoke to the following effect : — Tho larrikinism must bo put down ; and, I must say there is a groat amount of rudeness among the young men of Bathurst. I do not speak from hearsay merely, bilt I have seen enough myself to compel me to say that there is very great nido ness among the 3fouii{{ men of Batbnrst. Other places may be as bad, but I speak of Batlmist. I suppose that ovory one hero knows ino when he sees mo, and it may not be too much for the chief niagistrato to oxpeet that any ono should make way for him ; but these young men not only do not make way for me, they will turn their backs on me, block up the pavement, so that 1 cannot pass, or poke a cigar in my face. They pay no x'espoct to any one, because they think that such rudeness shows their independence. Anyone coming from England would he struck with their conduct ; and, indeed,' I am not the only person who has been pained by it — two other Judges besides mo have been equally struck with the rudeness of the young men of Bathnrst. 