FICTION. (From EnglUb, American, and other Periodicals.) BEFORE WIND & TIDE. BY FBAHCES ACTOS". CHAPTER XXV. BOBBED ! The surfeited grooms So mock their charge with morea. I hare drugged their pos Beta. And death and nature do contend about them, _, Whether they lire or He.-Shakespeare. § To sound his whistle for aid, and then to proceed to the door of the house most likely to have har- boured and expelled a drunken man, was the work of a minute with the policeman. He knew Grime's Close and its inmates well, and how often men of ' decent extener were decoyed thither, hocussed, and turned out to shift as they could afterwards The people of the house-a wretched tenement, with broken and rag-stuffed windows-had heard the whistle, and were on the alert. " Get up, Sandy," said the mistress of the estab- lishment to her husband. " Rouse ye, man ; here's the poilia." But Sandy refused to rouse. Far once m his life he had done nothing to lender himself amenable to the laws of the land, and he retorted by con- signing the "pollis," his batter half, and any one who should attempt to disturb him, to a very warm place. " Eb, dinna haver more," she repeated. " Thej^ll break the door gin ye dinna gang Maybe we Sandy's rntdl't again." " AVee Sandy" was a big, lubberly j-outh of seven- teen or thereabouts, already following faithfully in the footsteps of his respected parents, and well ac- quainted with the magistrates and their followers. " He's a'nght," snarled Sandy, the father. " Whist, whist i I'm coming AVhat for dae yet want tae be disturbing decent folk at this hour o' the nicht for *"* A very " decent" man he certainly looked as he opened his door to the irate guardian of the peace, who did not like being kept waiting. His ragged hair hung about his neek, and a wicked-looking beard curled and twisted about his bare throat in a fashion highly suggestive of mischief His face was flushed and his eyes bloodshot with recent drinking, and altogether he was by no means a pleasant-look- ing person to arouse out of his Bleep to put uncom- fortable questions to. " Now, then ' What the-(place unutterable)-do do you want with me 5" was his polite demand as the policeman presented himself. " Which of your girls have you got here to- night ?" " Not one of 'em. Oh, you may come in and see, if you don't believe me. There's no one here but old Nance. D'ye want to see her J" " We want to know how this man came here. No nonsense, now ; 'tisn't the first time by a good many that men have been turned out of your house dead drunk. Hold him up, mates-maybe he isn't dead, after all." No. He was breathing heavily now ; and nearly all Gnme's Close, roused from its slumbers, looked on admmngly whüe the police prepared to bear him away. Nothmg could be proved against "Sandy " this time ; they were unanimous in disclaiming any knowledge of the mystenous stranger who bad selected the court as a bedchamber, and the police A were fain to bear him away, first to the station and * then to the hospital, for the surgeon pronounced him unfit to be left in the cells, and declared his convic- tion that the man was not drunk but in a fit Grime's Close, roused from its sleep of innocence, did not thmk it worth while to go to bed again, but disported itself in playful fashion, and spat, and swore, and smoked, to wile away the hours till the public-houses and shops should be opened, and whisky attainable " Wee Sand)," as his father had called him, arrived at home m the midst of the ex- citement, and formed part of the escort which ac- companied the insensible man to the station This done, he returned and executed a wild pas of triumph m front of the paternal mansion, whoopmg and laughing and snapping his fingers as an accompini ment, till his mother's wrath was roused, and she was moved by it to seize him by the hair and knock his head against the wall, to check the exuberance of his spirits " Haud yer whisht, ) e skirling limb o' the deevil ' " ehe said, breathlessly " What gars ye laugh that fashion when we've a' been deaved and worried wi' the pollis m sic a fearfu' wa) Stop it or I'll-" " Nae, ye winna, mither,' replied her hopeful son, showing fight m a fashion that made the virago re- treat a step or two " Twa can play at that-haunds äff" " Then be aft oot o' this, there's skirling enough without yours " " I canna help it," the lad replied, grinning again '* Oh, but it was fine'" " Whatr " To see the pollis aff the scent like that-ha ' ha . To see them fetch a' the Close up to find out about the man, and no a. soul kent how be came there Eh, it was grand '" To baffle his natural enemies, the police, in any way, was the acme of enjoyment to the hopeful Sandy, and again he laughed and capered at the re- membrance " An' what dae you ken '" asked his mother con temptuously. " Nae muckle, I'll swear " " I dae, I ken a' aboot if " How p" " I put the man there mysel* " "You!" " Ay, did I-me and amther ane " " And whaur is he ?" " The ither * Oh, he gaed aff m a carnage and four, wi' twa postillions and trumpeters afore him, tae let the world ken whaur he was gaun tae " " Haud yer nonsense and speak the truth, gin )e can I dinna believe ae word o't " " Will ye believe that '" the lad said, opening his band, and showing two crown-pieces "I got that for the job, and ) e shall ha'e ane o' them gin ye winna hash me ower the head again " " Come here, and dinna let yer feyther see them," rsaid the woman, her eyes brightening at the sight of the money. "He'd just tak" it a for a dnnk, and there's nae a bite o' bred in the boose Tetl me a' aboot it, and 111 gang and get ye some breakfast " Thus adjured, ' wee Sandy" went " ben," and told his mamma a most remarkable story He declared that a min m a cab had beckoned to him not far from the mouth of the Close, and had asksd him to give him a hand m helping bis friend out His ** friend" was very drunk, and they set him on a door-step while he paid the cabman, and he drove »way Then, to his astonishment, Sandy found that the insensible friend had nothing on but a sack and the long cloak he was wrapped m , and having ear- ned him to the mouth of Grime's Close and laid him down, his mysterious employer had walked off and was seen no more Sand) described him as a tall man, with very fair hair, dressed in dark clothes, but re- membered nothing more of his appearance His mother expressed her disbelief m the whole story, but m the morn it was true The cloak was lying in an adjoining closet, neatly rolled up, wait- ing Sandy's leisure to be taken to the nearest pawn- shop, and he had received four crown-pieces, instead of two, for his aid, but the rest of the narrative came pretty near the truth. Noel Roehampton opened his eyes, after what seemed to him an uneasy sleep, on a hard bed in a large room He looked around, and saw other beda with other recumbent forms m them, and one or two moving slowly about with the feeble gait of invalids He tried to speak, but could not, and presently a gentleman, with a nurse in attendance, came up to Sis bedside and asked his name The syllables came out thick and indistinct, and tbey tried to under- stand his muttermgs m vam, and then they asked what he was, the doctor remarking that they often found the second question answered more readily than the first He said, feebly, "Banker," which they wrote down as " baker f and that was all before fever and delirium set in from the effects of cold and exposure He was recorded m the hospital sheet-for they had taken him there-as " a baker, name unknown, found insensible in Grime's Close," and his disorder was charitably sat down as " delv rtum tremens " And all this while his father-in-law was grieving at what he thought his guilt, and Madeline, getting better, was mourning over her lost happiness, and thinking sadly how dearly she was paying for the folly of her girlhood. " I cannot denounce him," Mr Cameron said to himself, "I must let him go" i So he kept silence ; and, if the people at the bank wondered at the absence of the junior partner, they i were told that "Mr. Roehampton was away on V business for the firm," and had to be satisfied with the information. Business had never been brisker ; money passed through the bands of the firm " like water through a sieve," as Mrs. M'Donald expressed it, in speaking of the sums in notes and specie which arrived from time to time. The day before he had left town, as we have seen, a large amount was re- ceived, and the next day a further supply; so that at night there could not have been less than ¿70,000 or .£80,000, stored in the bank coffers. Mrs. M'Donald waa wont to declare that "sae muckle siller was enough to gar a person's hair stand on end f and her rest waa hy rio means secure. Every sound that broke the stillness of night-every breath of wind -filled her with terror. " I wish Mr. Roehampton was at home," she said to har husband in the evening, when the place was shut up " Somehow, I always feel safer when he is here, he seems so brisk and businesslike.'' " He is here " "What?" "He i« here1" Mr M'Donald spoke the words shortly and gruffly, without removing his post pran- dial pipe, and she looked at him m astonishment " AVhat do j ou mean '" " Just what I say-he s here in Glasgow." " How do you know ?" " I saw bim." "When?" " Not half an hour ago It was no ghost I saw the other night, wife, but himself-he'a after no good. AVe shall hear of some mischief soon, depend upon it. Mr Cameron and Mrs. Roehampton both think he is away So he did go, hut he'a back again " What Mr M'Donald had seen was this their bar- rel of small beer was out, and, unlike most Scotch folk, they did not like bottled ale, so he had gone to the nearest public to order what he wanted foi sup- per Standing at the door, waiting its arnval, he aaw Noel Roehampton emerge from an entry and speak to the boy that was bringing it The lad knew him -as everyone m the neighbourhood did-and Mr M'Donald saw him with a smile give the can into Noel's hand, and run back In a moment he came out with a bottle, which Noel put into his pocket, and sent back the beer, which the lad forthwith de- livers i in safety to its owner Questioned about the extraordinary proceeding, he said that Mr Roehampton had asked him to run back for a small bottle of whiskey, with some excu«e about not liking to be seen in a public-house in that neighbourhood, and had stood in a doorway, holding the beer till he returned "I wasn't a minute,sir," the boy said. "It has not got flat" The beer had come to no harm certainly, but Mr M Donald had his fears about the junior partner " He's going wrong," he said to his wife-' alto- gether wrong-I can see it in many things Well, well, it's no business of ours " Mr M'Donald eaw all safe that night as usual, every bolt and lock was shot into its place, and every spark of fire carefully put out, but the worthy manager was conscious of being strangely sleepy while he went his rounds, and of feeling an amount of carelessness as to whether all was safe or not, which was quite strange to him. " That's all, thank goodness," he said, a« he shut the door of his bedroom after his rounds "Eli, Jeannie, woman, rtfs an awfu' responsibility ! Mj certie ! The woman's fast already '" " Fast" she certainly was, and snonng, if such a ternble thing could be said of a lady, and her ' guid man" was not long following her example No sooner was his head upon his pillow than he was asleep, and when he opened his eyes in the morning it was broad daylight. "Jeannie-Jeannie, woman," he mutterad, "Bee what o'clock it is " But " Jeannie" never moved-she had not opened her eyes yet-and he was fain to sleep again with the problem yet unsolved, and slept till a loud knocking at the door awaked him thoroughly. "Ar«)ea' deid?" asked the voice of the porter, who slept on the ground-floor of the building " I'll tak' the keys, if )ou please, Mr M'Donald " "Is that you, Davie ?" asked the manager. " What time is it?" " It's chappit eight " " Eight I What makes you so late ?" " I dinna ken. I just Bleepit like death." "I'm afraid you must have been drinking too much last night" " I had only one glass at Rutherford's wi' a chiel that sa«ïbe came frae Dunbar. Thafs my hame, )8 ken ; and I dinna ken what gar_ me turn aae sleepy I was a'maist ower before I could get aff my olaes I'm nae right waukit )et." '* Well, here are the keys. Make hasta, and get everything tidied up. I don't like to be so late " As Davie had said, he was hardly awake, and, even when he had the keys, it was a considerable time before he could open the doors, and set about his usual morning avocations. He was so very sleepy he was fain to sit down every now and then, and nod and wink. But he got the outer room dusted and arranged at fast, and then he went into the inner office, from which the strong room opened. Sumething there attracted his attention, and m a moment he was wider awake and more astonished and frightened than ever he had been in his life be- fore. Mr M'Donald never found it so difficult to dress m his life, and his " Jeannie" was not a little as- tonished to find it nearly half-past eight before she opened her housewifely e)es She was generally up at su, and thought '.he end ef the world must be at hand that such a thing should happen to her. " It's a' the public-house beer," ehe said, in an ag- grieved tone. " I'fl hae na mair o't, though I should hoe to drink water and sour milk " " I think it must be," said her husband , and he was beginning to talk of his own dizzy, uncomfort- able feeling, when Davie rushed upstairs three steps at a time, and burst into the room, regardless of Mrs. M'Donald's flounced petticoat and night-cap, with a white face, and wild eyes. " Come down, sir !" he gasped-" for the love of Heaven, quick ! The bank's robbed !" 