CHAPTER -XXXVIII. THE OEKEBAL'S STOEY. " Oh, ita quite time," the' General said, seeing the astonished looks of bis companions. "I am Cecil Grseme, though-but-for the newg_you_have this day given me I should never have revealed the fact." " But you were dead," George Durant said in be- wilderment. " I knew Miss Blair-that is, Mrs. Grssme-in England, where I was acting under another name, and she told me herself that ner hus- band had been killed at Balaklava." " So I was-that is officially. My name is recorded among the dead ; it was a chance which accident threw in my way, and I took it-that was all." " A chance of what ?" " Of being lost for ever. The world held no bright- ness, the future no hope for me. I could not go -back to the wife whose life I had blighted, and the innocent child who would for all his life be a banned and marked creature through his father's sin. The best thing I could do was to die and be forgotten." " Hang me if I can understand," Mr. Johnson said. " It sounds like a bit of romance." " It is simple truth notwithstanding-the story is soon told. I met the miserable woman who is gone, only one little month after my marriage with Miss Blair. My family approved of her in a modified degree-that is, they made no open opposition to my choosing where I would. I was not the eldest son of the house ; then what did it matter whom I took?" " You are the eldest, now." - " I know I am. I heard of my brother's death when I was many a mile from home, but my birth- right was nothing to me ; better to be mourned as dead, than tolerated as a disgrace." " And nobody knows you are alive ?" " Not a soul but you two ; I hive been very near discovery more than once, but fortune favoured me. In London, an old chum openly claimed me for hiß lost comrade ; but I borrowed your name, and braved him out with a lie. I have' no doubt he re members Mr. Joyce Johnson, and the curious like- ness to his old friend to this day." " I often wondered why yon did that," Mr. John- son remarked. "I heard of it, and waited for some- thing unpleasant to come of it, but I beard no more." " I didn't disgrace the name, but that has nothing to do with how I came to be alive and here, when I am supposed to be sleeping under the Balaklava turf." " No ; go on." "As I said, four weeks after my marriage, I met the woman face to fttce in the street She taunted me, and exulted in my misery, till I was almost beside myself. She threatened to inform against me, to have prosecuted for bigamy. What could I do ? I could not tell my innocent wife that I had ruined her ; I could not stay and face the disgrace that I had brought upon her and myself; ana I left her. To this hour she does not know the reasou why I went." " I think she does." It was Mr. Johnson who spoke. He had been listening with eager interest to the General's story." " What makes you think so P" "Shestood by that miserable deathbed in Glas- gow. She was summoned to hear something the dying woman had to say, and" ' '. I remember-I know. I ran up against a man in the street whom I bad known- my lawyer in ronner days. He was hastening to the theatre to fetch her; he told ra» so." " Did he not know you ?" " He thought he did, but I convinced him I was Arthur Mostyn, and your clerk. I saw her go, my darling, attended with respect and courtesy by all, while I stood in the theatre unknown, wirh a world of love well nigh bursting at my throbbing heart." "She meets with the same courtesy everywhere," Mr. Johnson replied. " If ever there was a woman who Buffered undeservedly, she is one. That night's business nearly killed her, I believe." " What did she-the woman-say to her ?" " She died with a lie on her lips, whether inten- tional or not Heaven knows. Almost her last words were that she was your wife ; and the certificates were found upon her. I had the whole story from one who was present. She bore it bravely, but it laid her on a sick bed for a long time." "It was a lie-a black, wicked one," George Durant said, quietly. " She knew I was alive ; she bad met me face to face. God forgive ber-she is deap. i" "Ay, God forgive her!" echoed General West, solemnly; "and may our blighted love never be counted against her when her, works m this world shall be summed up for judgment in the next. My poor darling, what she must have suffered 1" " The end of it is coming now," Mr. Johnson said. " She will be here in a few days. You will not run away from Miss Blair, now ; eh, Mosty n. I beg y our pardon, but the old name comes most familiarly to my lips." "Call me what you will; I shall not assume my own name till I can enter my father's house with my wife at my Bide. I chose the name of Mostyn from the simple fact that I knew no one who bore it, and nobody would be likely to connect it with me in any way," " What did you change it for ? Wouldn't Mostyn bave been as good a name to head our army with as West?" " West was my name when I soldiered before-as Tom West I died at Balaklava, and as Tom West I hoped to be shot down in the army of the Potomic. Heaven has willed it otherwise, and I am here, alive and unhurt, while thousands of lives, more valuable than mine, were crushed out by hoofs and bullets and cannon balls in the terrible strife." '* You are here for many long happy years, I hope -for a long life with your wife and child. Claudia raves about bim-says he's an angel. _ " I was with her when she saw him. I rather as- tonished Miss Farüby hy my conduct on that occa- sion. She'll understand it all some day. It was such a strange, solemn thing to look upon my child, whose little life was a thing to be when I went away ; such a teartsickening thing not to dare to clasp bim in my arms, and say, ' My boy, forgive your wretched father.' I little thought, when I read of his birth out by tbe Crimean watch-fire, that I should ever look upon his face in this world." "You were in the Crimea when he was born then ?" " Yes ; as I told you, I left my wife without a word of explanation beyond stating that I had com- mitted a great crime. I could not kill myself, though I tried ; somehow the thought of'the ' undis- covered country ' stayed my hand, and I cast about for some means whereby I might lose myself. The sight of a recruiting sergeant decided me-no one would look for me in the ranks-war was breaking out, and I took the Queen's shilling, hoping,' as I hoped when I left your house, that my breast might be the destined billet of some chance bullet.' Hester found me out ; some one had recognised me, and she followed me to the depot at Ministerford, only to meet with the-the other one, who was there torturing me. Then came our going to the seat of war and sharp service. Our regiment was at Balaklava, and I was one of the six hundred who didn't ride back again. The ' jaws of death' bad me bard and fast, and many another brave fellow be- sides me." " But how came you to be reported dead, if you were alive ?" asked George Durant. " I thought they were so very particular to be correct." " Ab far as they can they are, but they can only go by a fellow's number and his belongings when they come to bury the dead. I remember very little about that charge. I know I was carried right up the hill till my horse was stumbling among the hot guns and dead Russians. Then back again, feeling that I was hit somewhere, with a sick dizziness creeping over me. I saw the captain of my troop, who was riding along beside me, reel, and fall dead from his saddle. I remember pulling my horse aside, so that I might not fall on him, and after that all was dark. Very little of the glory of Balaklava stuck to me, I can assure you ' What hu ha to do with taunta ' H« m only one or the rank und fite,* you know the song goes. I was only a unit, a piece of the grand machinery of war-No. 321 of the 17th, to be crossed out of the list, and there was an end of it." " But you weren't crossed out-you're alive." " Ob, no, I'm not. I'm dead at Horse Guards. Some day or other I may undeceive the authorities there, though it don't matter. I lay I don't know how long insensible. When I woke up it was getting dark, and no one was near me but the dead and wounded-very few of the latter. The Russian fire had been severe and deadly. Right across me lay another of ours, a man named Harry Darling. He was dead and cold, and the thought flashed into my mind that I would take his place and be dead. This small book was sticking out of his breast where a sword cut had slashed biB jacket almost from top to bottom. I took it and put mine in its place, nothing else mattered-for hundreds of dead horses bearing their owners' kits lay about on the field ; a man might be saved, and all his belongings scattered to the four winds. I was badly hit. This sear is a memento of that day's work." " And a nice memento if" is," Mr. Johnson re- marked. " It must bave been an awful cut." " Pretty well. My face was covered with con fealed blood, and I had no fear of being known, took a handkerchief from a dead officers pocket, and tied my head up in it, for my cap was gone, and sat down again, for I could hardly stand or breathe for pain. I had scarcely effected the exchange when a fatigue party to help the wounded came up. Only one man of my regiment was among them-a sergeant whom I only slightly knew ; he did not recognise me in the least, and took the corpse of tbe other man, whose face and bead were unrecognisable from his wounds or me." 'There's Gentleman West,' be said. 'Poor devil! he's gone, is he f ' They gave me his book to take to his chum, and told me who he was. They had seen him carried to the rear with his leg shot off. I made my way to the hospital, and found bim almost insensible. He did not recognise me in the dim light and I gave him the book and a few things I bad about me to send to my wife. I told bim his loBt friend was dead and buried ; that I had seen the earth shovelled over bim, and then I weat my way to be Been no more in this world by any one who loved me, as I hoped." "But how on earth did you get away from the Crimea?" Mr. Johnson asked. "It was no easy matter, was it P" "No, indeed; I was forced to go into the boB Îiltal tent, and let the doctor see to my bead, and I et tbem put me to bed, intending to make off with the first break of day. I went before; for a man in the next bed to me declared I waa not Harry Darling, who had been his chum ; and fearful of being recognised, I managed to crawl away. I think I must have been light-headed, for I dont remember much till I found myself amongst a lot of shouting, smelling Russians, all mangy fur and stale tobacco, who claimed me as their priso- ner." " "A prisoner ! Were you kindly treated P" "Not specially ; they did not absolutely starve us. We had blaek bread and saur-craut, and now and then some rancid goats' milk or hard cheese, hy way of treat. None of the men there knew me. They were infantry men from the Alma, all pining for a sight of borne, and remembering their plain barrack fare and rough accommodotion in England as things that belonged to some Paradise of past delight they would never see again. I managed to make my es- cape-how, I need not tell you now-and found my way to the sea side, a ragged, footsore, unrecog- nisable object. I worked my passage through the Mediterranean to Cadiz, thence to New York, then to Boston, where my story ends in your office. But for youl answer to my appeal, your kind faith in a total stranger, most likely it would bave ended at the bottom bf the Hudson river, or in the pitiless streets. I was nearly at the last ebb when you took me in." "And entertained an angel unawares," said the merchant warmly. " You brought nothing but luck with you. I can understand it now, why you did not want to revisit England, and, being there, your strange conduct at times." " I was fearful of being recognised. I was two or three times; the good woman with whom my wife lodgeu saw me but took me for a ghost My sister-* " You haye seen her ?" ' "I went to her wedding, don't you remember, at Manchester P She fainted away at the sight of me." " And you bolted-I remember. I wondered ; and Claudia declared you had encountered some old love." "My wife recognised me at Liverpool-I am sure she did-if you bad not been going to sail the next day you would have missed me; I should have done something desperate before now. I will see your sister, Mr. Durant, whenever she likes to come here ; or I will come to your house. Which shall it be P" " I think my wife would almost go crazy at the honour if you would come ;" said the actor laughing. " Her head is completely turned about yon." " Like all the women, Durant," Baid Mr. Johnson, langhing. " I think you mayjpromise her a visit from the redoubtable General West." "I shall be very glad, I'm sure. I can give you half-aiPhonr to-morrow. Will Un be too early r" " Any time y on like." "Very well; say ten. I'm on now here from eleven, so I must be back. By the way, do me one favour, gentlemen." "What is it?" " Let me he ' General West* for a few days more. Don't betray my Beeret." "We will not." . " Hot to any one ; not to your wife, Durant." " Dolly is not the b.est repository for a secret," the actor said with a smile. " When she gets one its bulk usually proves too much for her, and it dies of spontaneous combustion at a very early period of ita existence. No, I'll not betray you to Dolly, General." "Nor yon to Miss Farnby, Johnson." " Claudia is a woman. The winds of heaven are not more faithless tbsn a woman over a bit of romance. No, I won't tell her, you may be sure of that." " Nor anyone else ?" " No one, be assured." " Only till my wife oomes. Let me but meet her once more face to face, know from her Ups whether my future is to be joyous or miserable, and I shall not care what tales are trumpeted concerning me over all the world." " A very few days will bring her now." " They will seem like an eternity to me. Time flies when we would stay its wings, crawls when we would speed onward. Good night, Durant ; at ten sharp I will be at your house." He kept his word, gladdening the heart of little impulsive Dolly till she was almost beside herself with delight at the honour, and bringing new life almost to poor Martha Watson, who was in a state of terror almost amounting to frenzy lest she should he punished for keeping silence when she knew that wretched Hannah Forest was previously married. " I am far too happy to want to punish anyone," he said kindlyj " least of «11 you have come bo far for so ¡rood a purpose. I may want yon to speak to the fact some time, that is all." It was a very full heart and a very absent mind that the General took to his morning levée, where be was, as he bad told George Durant, " on view." Indeed, be declared afterwards he knew very little of what had passed, and should have known less Still but that his arms were well nigh shaken off, and his toes trodden shapeless with the crush. All New lork seemed to have turned out to do delighted homage to their new idol, and his heart was far away from it all. While gentlemen were crushing and fighting who Bhoiild have the best view, and the nearest chance of a grip of his weary hand, he was thinking of Hester, longing for the time when her soft fingers might once more be in his protecting palm, and her little queenly head reat on his breast, as it had done for six long happy weeks-how long it seemed ago ! (To be continued.) 