I MB. FAIKCLOUGH'3 HAMLET." ON Saturday night a Shakaporian season commenced at the Victoria Theatre, and the tragedy of Hamlet was selected as the play in which Mr. Kairclongh, an actor of repute, sustaining tho principal character, ; should make his debut to a Sydney audience. That there are but few students of the great tragic poet capable of penetrating " tho utmost bound of nature and passion, showing us the dend abyss of woe in ali its ghastly shapes and colonrs, and laying open all the faculties bf tho human BOUI to act. to think and suffer, in direst extremities," as depicted in his workB, is admitted ; and therefore an actor, whore study of Shakspeare has given him a true conception of the poet's moaning,' and whose histrionic ability, assisted by the illustrating effects of the stage, enables bim to present to an audience the characters in a natural _ manner, ia deserving of something more than a passing notice. Mr. Fairclough comes to Sydney with the reputation of being a tragedian of high merit, and his acting at tho Victoria Theatro on Saturday night served to sustain that reputation. Bis appearance on the stage was ¡hs signal for applause, and had an immediately favourable affect. His cast of features ia of that stern, moody type so well suited to a tragedian, flexible, and well under control-his eye especially being very expressive. His figure is good, and bis voice Bonorous and clear, From the first there was evidence of refinement about him. There was an almost entire absence of " atagi ness ;" this objectionable feature in acting appearing only once or twice during the evening, and then scarcely perceptible. His acting is subdued, and yet full of ex- pression, and really illustrates his wordB, as action should do. In dialogue, he was natural-except In one or two passages, more particularly when Horatio informs him of the circumstances of the apponrmce of the ghost, when there was noticeable an absence of that sur- prise growing into horror, that one like Hamlet would feel at such a time, and this defect waa also apparent in the scene between Hamlet and his father's ghost ; but in ports of tbis scene the intensity of the passion within Hamlet-as he breaks away from Horatio and Marcellus, follows the apparition, and tremblos, staggers, and falls at ita disappearance, and then rises to energy again-was snob as to reveal acting of so high an order! that any defects that had gono before were forgotten in present admiration.. Ia soliloquy, he was olear and expressive, tho listener being attraoted by the ease with which the passages were delivered, and the lucid manner in which the meaning was Hld I "fore him- The portions of Mr. Falrolough's acting moat marked were the scene between Hamlet and Ophelia, tho play scene, and that between Hamlet and the Queen when he stabs Polonius through tho arras. The second- the play scene-waa tho chisf. lu this there wri an expression of vindictiveness about Mr. Falrolough's features, when watohing the King's faco, that needed only the long hair cf tho oharacter in Mmlise'a pioture to bring that artist'« Hamlet before the eye. The nervous twitching of the actor's limbs as the scene progressed, bis stealthy creeping towards the King, and his hissing description of th? plot of the play, culminating in vindictive joy as tLo ! King, followed by his attendants, rushes from tho room, ' was spleodld noting, and earned loud applause. He was called before the ourtain several times during the evening. Mr. Carden sustained the character ot the Ghost ; Mr. Balnford, Horatio; Mr. B. N. Jones, Laertts ; Mr. Welsh, Polonius ; Mr. J. G. Joyoe, the King ', Mrs. Charles Jones, tho Queen ; and Miss Dolly Green, -.Oohel'-v. It is announced that the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon will preaoli at Sboalbaveu next Sunday, and bo entertained at a pabilo dinner at Nowra on tba following day. Auctioneers are reminded;that this dav, 4th November, ls the last day in wblcb applications for llceuses «un be lodged, i -. . ...- ^ _DISTRICT' CbtTRT.-Remaining and unde- fended cases will he disposed of this da}-. No. 4036 will be taken at IO a.m.' ; No. «721 at ll a.m. : No. 4807 at 13 noon ; No. 4890 at 1.45 p.m., finishing with No. 4063. On the 18th October a man named Lacy, 61 yean of age, employed in the tlmbBr trade, at Jervis Hay, met with his death by a lng of timber rolling on him. At un inquest the cause of death was declared to be accidental, "We are requested to remind members of the A. J. Club that the ordinary general meeting nf theolub will be held at Tattersall'!!, to-day, at half-past 3 p.m. As tho proposed new rules ore to be taken Into consideration, it is to be boped that members will make lt convenient tn bo present. By the Sydney Infirmary report for the week ending 3rd November, 1873, we learn that 32 malts Mid 15 females were aamltted, ííO males and 18 female* wtro dis- charged, and that 3 malos and 2 females died. Remaining in house-146 males, 71 females; total,217. Subscriptions; tc, received, L704i. * . wy ... ." .The (-rttncEar/ai Times understands that some of t he aboriginals located In the vicinity of the town are suf- fering from scarlatina, and therefore advises paroots not to allow those sable parties to visit their houics,-as they may carry infection with them. A preliminary meeting of a few gentlemen was beld at the Masonic Hall last evening, fur tho purpose of considering the desirability of convening a publia meeting, to consider the proposed actluii of tho Government in pro- posing to abolish the advalorom and speelflo duties, ami to prntost against rho same. After some discussion a committee was appointed to make arrangements for holding u public meeting at an early date. j A very large Sunfish (says tho Shoalhaven News') waa found on the Seven-mile Beach, last afondayeven lng, by Mr. Wollard Binns. Ihn eren tn to was found partlally.Jrnbodded in the sand, «nd still all»e. Borne men from Mr. Wilson's tannery at Broughton Creek, proceeded to tho.locallty with a dray, but they had to take, out his entralla and tip the cirt, to set lt in. Xt completely lilied the body of . the dray. Its length was seven feet, and its circumference at the widest: part niue feet, and was thought ts weigh 12001b. The Riverine Gh'azier is responsible , for tho following : Mr. Cox, of the Caledonian llotol. Hay, who gave evidence at th« Ticbborno trial, purchased, while in fri cloud, a gold stop watch which the "Claimant'' bad pawned and failed to redeem. It is a Uno pieco of workmanship with two hour dials, by which Mr. Cox keeps both Sydney and Mol bor-ne time ; it also shows quarter seconds, seconds, and the day of the month. It was made bv Harry Emanuel, of Han over-squaro. for the lato Slr Alfred Tichborne, on. whoso death it passod to Hoger'» mother, who hail her initials engraved upon it and presented to tho claimant, who got rid of- lt es above stated. Ur. Cox has been offered ' a largo amount for tho watch, but bas notas yet parted wi'h it. The Rev. J. W. Bowson, according to the Shoalhaven Kelci, mot with a painful accident on bli way from Kiama to Shoalhaven, on the 37th October, lt appoira that Mr. Dowson took tbe placo of Ur. Brown, In the church at Kiama, willie the latter gentleman was conducting the anniversary-services at the chapel. Terrara, on Sabbath last,! and on Ur, Dowson's return to Shoalhaven on tho day, named,! leading his horse down a Bleep hl'l on the other side of ,tlie>: Crooked River, lie slipped and dislocated lila ancle, which, <: before he had reached home, bad swollen wry much. Jlr. i D>wsonwas unable to attend the tea meeting or leoture on ? Tuesday, ut the chapel, owlag to the extrema pain he sullvrej ? from the injured limb; but. on Inquiry lt. seem« that .rho' reverend geutloinau is progressing towards convalescence. ,. We have later advices from Auckland. The Evening Star ot tho 23ml ultimo states tliit »Utu-n ginrj nf. workmen on the previous day ha* been ac work diguing out the kauri gum, and other .half- consumed stores, on the lire mises of Meurs. Henderson and Macfarlane. The gain ls melted Into a solid mas,', and has to bo broken out willi picks. There aro some tons of this valuable article nf coin merceonly partially injured. Adjolu'itg tho (¡uni ut the back was the bonded store. Under the black miss which Is here, the only outward indication ot tho rich merchandise, which a few days ago occupied tho site, havo boon lound several cates of beer, wine, and spirits, almost uninjured. Of coursa, (ho dntyon tbeso has not been paid, and tho bondholders do not consider it worth while to pay lt now on the damaged goods. An edict has therefore - gone forth fra n the Custom- house that evory o iso ai lt conies out ls to bo destroyed. The I workmen aro not debarred from lndu'glng in refreshing draughts themselves ; but with that exception, every bottle meets with tho simo untimely Mo. I There is on view at tho rooms of the N. B.W. Agricultural 8-clety, a life-size portrait, lu oils, of tho Bight Hon. Die Earl of Belmore. It bas been received from England, where lt wns painted hy lucas, portrait-painter tn the Queen, tba cot beiUB deiru}ed by «ubsorliitluu lu I>ew 'Bnnth Wale». Tho movement to obtain the portrait rr'sr' nated at a meeting of tho Agricultural Society roi the lotti October, 1872, the proposal being to have a pnrtr-.lt to OM-re spnnd wlththnso.ofliord Lisgar and Slr William Denison, and to ba placed i n tho walls ol Qovernment-haute. Subscrip- tions were limited to t -o gnlnras, and £230 wa- colleotcd, most ot the subscribers being inetiiuera ot lim Agricultural Society. Tho Portrait la an excellent likeness nf Loni Bel more, though tbero ls an entire absence ot that sedate exorna alon of feature be almost Invariably wore when fl'flni; tho ofDcaof Governor of this colony. His Lordship 1% dressed in tho costume of one of tho Lords of hor Majesty's Privy Council. The painting will retmln nt the »nelotyfs rooms for some days prior to its being ruu.icd to Uu>ernment-houi«, 