THE ROCK WRITINGS OF SINAI. In our review of Mr. Shepherd's valuable work, entitled Traditions of Eden," we brought the subject of the rock writings of Sinai before our readers, as demonstrating the historical truth of the narrative of Israel's wanderings in the wilderness, as recorded in the books of MOROS. And in our last number, under the heading of "Historical accuracy of the Pen touch." we gave an extract from Niobuhr's travels in Arabia, bearing on the same subject. The sceptical Dean of Westminster endeavours to disparage the importance of these rock writings, by asserting that he did not see any which might not have been executed by a man standing on the shoulders of another ! Now one of those inscriptions, called " The Title," is out upon the face of a precipitous rock, rising to the height of one hundred feet from the plain ; it consists of forty-one lines. The letters, which compose the first line are six feet long and they are not cut into the room, "but no rook has been out away find, "just, ' so, that they stand out in a r$jiof?o^'abftuV three inches. The letter which links 'up the remaining forty lines are one foot in length, and raised from the rock like the larger letters of the head line. We think it would tax the ingenuity of the Down to show how such a work as this could have been executed by a man standing on the shoulders of another. The tendency to exaggeration of such persons as are branded as fanatics by the schools to which the learned Dean belongs, is a favourite topic with sceptical writers, but they need to be reminded that there is an exaggeration which diminishes, as well as an exaggeration which sweep crescent across safe in the fofWer, i and we do not know any more striking illustra- tion of its unlimited tendencies than that which is exhibited in the assertion of the learned Dean to which we have referred. ' ( We do not wonder that such a man as Dean Stanley should regard the rock writings of Sinai with contemptuous indifference ; but we do wonder to find several among Christian people,! generally well informed, who are ignorant of the fact of the existence of such writings, and to find but few who have taken the trouble to inform themselves as to their extent, their, origin, and decipherment. It is strange, indeed,' that in an age when the truth and accuracy of the Mosaic writings have been called in question, by an apostate Bishop of our Church, such an' extraordinary testimony to their authenticity as that which these inscriptions on the rocks of the Sinaitic wilderness supply, should be any known or practically undervalued by those who believe that Moses was one of those ' "'Holy' men of God, who spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." , We press this subject on the attention of our, readers, in the hope that our weak voice may cause not only the members of our own Church,' but of the universal Church of Christ, scattered { throughout the whole world, to form an association for the thorough investigation of this subject, in which all who name the name of Christ have a common interest. The inspiration of the Almighty has favoured ' mankind in this age of marvels with the wonders fill inventions of photography. And how could this marvellous invention be more worthily employed than by presenting to the eyes of the world facsimiles of the rock writings of Sinai Î thus affording to the learned an opportunity of deciphering them, and thereby, as we believe, I providing an antidote for the infidel poison contained in the writings of Colenso, and other disciples of the same school. We propose that a world-wide association should be formed for the purpose of sending an expedition to Sinai, accompanied by a thoroughly skilful photographer, with the most improved instruments of his art, to take views of the country in general, and more particularly impressions of the rock writings. These photographs, with a brief description of the writings, their number, position, and Israelitish origin, would form an interesting volume, which would doubtless obtain such a circulation as would help to defray the expense of the expedition and what is of much more importance, would bring these writings before the learned of the civilised world with a view to their decipher ment. We shall send a copy of this paper to the various religious periodicals in this country and in England, in the hope that the editors will co-operate with- us in giving publicity to the subject of it and we request that our subscribers in India, Canada, the United States, Australia, Van Diemen's Land, New Zealand, and the West Indian Islands, will obtain circulation for it in the religious periodicals and newspapers of the different countries in which their lot is cast. Irish Church Advocate. 