TRIAL of a BAND of BRIGANDS. A trial has been going on at Szegedin, in Hungary, the extraordinary complicated and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst the criminal records of all countries and epochs. The individuals involved may be counted by hundreds—their crimes and offences by thousands; and the first arrests took place as far back as 1860. The Lloyd of Perth gives an outline of the case under the title of the u Proces Sandor"—Sandor being the name of the chief of a band of malefactors whose depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szegedin and the sur rounding district. It appears that, ever since 1860 the inhabitants of Szegedin had become so terrified in consequence of the daring exploits of Sandor's band of brigands that they locked and barred themselves in their houses at dusk, and dared not to ven ture into the streets even during the day without being armed with revolvers and swords ticks. Bobberies, incendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day. M. de Radar was sent as a Royal Com missioner to 'Szegedin, to put an end to this deplorable state of things. M. de Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin but the whole comitat and the surrounding districts were infested by formidable com panies of brigands, whose organization was complete, and their circle of action clearly defined. After careful sad minute in quiries the Royal Commissioner found, to his amazement, that a number of adminis trative and judicial functionaries were act I ing as accomplices of the various bands of brigands—that even the titled notabilities I of the district acted as receivers of the stolon property. Crimes have been brought to light whicn were perpetrated 30 years ago; and an old man of 70 was condemned some short time ago for a crime committed when he was 40 years of age. The novel and peculiarly " psvchological" system pursued by the Royal Commissioner in order to find out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely isolated from the rest of the world during their confinement, and their eyes were bound in order to prevent any conversation by signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. " Companions in captivity," totally unknown to them, were placed in the same cells, who soon insinuated them selves into the confidence of the prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted with their secrets, and used all their efforts to bring about & full confession. With regard to Sandor, the Royal Com missioner himself succeeded in getting a full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopt ing tactics of a most ingenious kind. Know ing the great brigand chief to be exceed ingly rain of his reputation, and to be in the habit of looking down upon his less daring accomplices as mere "purloiners of chickens," M. de Raday ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before his fellow prisoners—the small- fiy of the band—whose instructions were to reproach their chief with being a chicken-stealer like themselves. The ruse was perfectly successful; the proud Sandor's "honor" was mortally wounded, and the (< brigand king" (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of his long series of crimes as well as those of bis accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the Koyal Commissioner in the case of another famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor was this, Baj dor is known to be exceedingly supersti tious ; he is charged with having committed two murders, and insists upon asserting his innocence. One evening, the examining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows:—" John Bajdor, I cannot sleep on -jour accoui t; the ghost of Teter Rodri, whom you assassinated, appears before me every night, and threatens to haunt and tor ment me until such time as I shall hare put the rope with which you strangled your vic tim round your own neck? On saying this, the examining magistrate threw a rope round Bajdors neck, and ordered him to be taken back to prison. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwith standing his 69 crimes, jumped up affrighted and rushed towards the door of his prison, crying for help. This was the moment the examining magistrate had anxiously awaited; he made his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having murdered Rodri and his son, but also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes. In consequence of these disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they had com mitted; all the malefactors arrested, it must not be forgotton, are kept in the utmost ignorance as to the charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetra tion of such or such a crime; they were simply asked to give an account of any offence of which they might acknowledge themselves guilty. By this means a num ber of crimes have been brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idea of how desirable a place Szegedin must have been to live in may be formed from the fol lowing enumeration of the cases which are now being tried before a specially appointed court. When the Royal Commissioner first arrived at Szegedin there were 1,606 cri minal charges to be heard; a little later 600 more chaiges were made; and when the Royal Commission had terminated its duties 950 fresh cases were brought to light, making in all nearly 3,000 crimes of the gravest character. Of this total 1,000 judgments have already been given, and nearly all these judgments have been con firms! on appeal. The crimes and offences discovered by the Royal Commission amount to 8,000. The principal chaiges are those of murder, robbery, pillage, incen diarism, &c.;, the cases of robbery alone ex ceeding 4,000.—European. Mail.. Hie vicar of a parish not many miles from Bath was recently preaching a charity sermon, and in the course of his remarks he rebuked some of his parishioners who, be thought, simulated distress for the sake of obtaining assistance they did not really re quire. As an ill us ration of thie weakness, he mentioned that during one of his pastoral vicits he entered the cottage of one of the supposed delinquents, where he found everything neat and clean, and, what was more, a large plate of buttered toast before the fire. " Yes," he repeated emphatically, "buttered toast; and aid that (he asked) look Uke want ?" In the brief pause which followed this outburst of energy, a voice in dignantly responded. " No; twem't but-' ter neither; 'twere only dripen!—The Rock. Somebody asked a Paris editor. " Where do you get your intelligence ?" " From the j papers. " Where do the papers get it ?' I " From other papers." But who is the first j author of it ?" " Nobody." 