REPLY TO “WESLEYAN No. 2.” TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, JUSTICE. SIR, —I am pained and grieved at the disingenuous ness of “Wesleyan,” as evidenced in the two letters which have now been published. I am compelled to the conclusion that I have to deal with one who is deliberately endeavoring to mislead the Methodist public. The smoothness and readableness of the let ters likewise tend to this. He makes assertions which cannot be substantiated, and in his first letter ho plagiarises charges which have been long refuted. Some of the phraseology, all the charges, and most of the auimus are to be found in Mr Kilham’s writings, see “ Smith’s History of Methodism,” vol. ii., chap. 2. The disingenuousnese is evidenced in the way in which Mr Smith’s statements are perverted. After a just meed of praise, “ Wesleyan” writes that Mr Smith “virtually admits that all that Kilham asked for was deserving of consideration.” But the fact is, that from the beginning to the end, Mr Smith censures all Kilham’s doings, and gives one chapter to show that the charges were without foundation, and another chapter to show the scriptural basis of Methodist polity, which was then being questioned, just as “ Wesleyan” questions it now in the matter of coordinate lay and ministerial jurisdiction. The following is the most favorable record given of Mr Kilham by Mr Smith, and as it bears unou other matters in this discussion, I transfer it from Mr Smith’s history:—“ Yet we must confess there was in Mr Kilham’s character and conduct not only an ear nestness, but an apparent honesty, which is truly wonderful. How coolly and confidently he makes the most monstrous assumptions, and utters the most reckless charges 1 He calls Mr Wesley’s laws unscrip tural and oppressive, but he has never proved that his rival scheme of universal suffrage, representation, and lay delegation is more scriptural. Yet he says so with the utmost confidence, ami no doubt believed that he had made it clear as demonstration. So in regard of his statements, want of economy is swindling, want of detail in publishing accounts is criminal secrecy, and so on. This mode of procedure was the secret of Mr Kilham’s success, so far as he succeeded in dis turbing the mind of the connexiou. Many read and believed, and the disproof came too late to save them. He did everything likely to raise, the people against the preachers, and to promote the universal-suffrage plan of church government. The absence of all proofs, and the quiet and easy manner in which he represented his views as axioms based on Scripture, and admitted by the universal concurrence of all Christians except Methodist preachers, gave un deserved currency to his opinions. Nothing approaches to it, either before or since his day. [But please note how “ Wesleyan •’ tries to do so.] Every agitator of the connexiou, from that time to the present has suc ceeded just as he has copied Mr Kilham. Nothing really new, either as to matter of manner has since been brought forth. He was in the full sense of the word the first and only Methodist ‘ reformer.’ ” So far “ Mr Smith virtually admits that all Mr Kilham asked for was deserving of consideration.” Another paragraph from which “ Wesleyan ” quotes—he there fore must have read it. and remembered it—has this sentence, that Wesley “ undoubtedly constituted the ministers the permanent and supreme authority in Methodism;” and yet “ Wesleyan” charged the early preachers and the present conference with assuming Wesley’s authority, “and without reference to Now Testament rule or authority has assumed to itself all power, that the conference “ has never recognised the mutual duties and rights of the people; but has re garded every member of the Church as possessed of neither rights nor privileges as to the legislation or management of the Church.” Because the first con ference after Wesley’s death resolved to carry, on Methodism as directed by Wesley, Mr Smith writes: —“The preachers. have been denounced as selfish, ambitious, and grasping at power, for the purpose of tyrannising over the people, and depriving them of their reasonable and. scriptural For these ac oqsations there are certainly no grounds whatever.” Then.immediately follows “ Wesleyan's” quotation;— “ It might be urged;' with some show of 'reason, that the laity of Methodism at this time were not in the full'possession b£ those privileges to which every member of a mature and complete Christian Church' has an undoubted right; but this - dots not sustain the foul to' which ■ reference has just heenmade". The words "in. italics “Wesleyan” could overlook, arid himselfi reiterate the “foul charges" of: 1791. I would not only the opinion expressed by “Wesleyan” about the extensive growth of Methodist influence and power had Mr Kilham’s views been adopted, but I would distinctly show that it is not, correct. ■ Mr Kilham founded, as- “ Wesleyan”, well knows, the- new connexion, and the so'called liberal views of “ Wesleyan" and his friends have; had over eighty years' fair trial side by side with the so-called “ medieval laws and usages” of our Church. “ Wes leyan” can compare the two denominations in their influence, numbers, and general power of Church ex tension, and afterwards—if facts have any influence— change his opinion. Then again, “how coolly and confidently" does'this modern disciple of Mr Kilham write about the “pastoral function.” The power of the conference in this matter has been “ the bone of contention between the people and the ministers all through Methodist history.” “ Wesleyan” says that he does not refer to Dr Warren’s case, nor to the later reform 1 movement of ' 1849. Facts, however, ■ are against “Wesleyan’s” assertion. That “bone” was thrown out by the conference in 1791, and Kilham and his disciples followed it; and if “ Wesleyan ” deems that there is sustenance to be had from it, he ought, on principle, to follow it too. Not from the time of Mr Kilham’s expulsion until the past few years has the subject ever been generally raised, and was never one of “ contention.” I cannot prove a negative, I therefore challenge “ Wesleyan ” again to historic proof of his assertions. The reason of the quiet in Methodism upon the subject is obvious, because all who, like “ Wesleyan,” desired universal ecclesiastical suffrage could have it in the new con nexion, and like honest men they , went to it, and did nut first make a disturbance in the old home. And, again, “ how coolly and confidently ” does Mr Kilham No. 2 “ make the most monstrous assumptions," and “ with an apparent honesty truly wonderful.” “The position I maintain is this,”—he writes—“that the leaders and local preachers of the Methodist Church occupy the same place as the New Testament elder, and as a consequence are possessed of all the rights and privileges of that officer, which, I further submit, is synonymous with that of the minister.” If the sub ject were not so 1 serious, I would simply ridicule the matter, and call upon my brethren, the local preachers and leaders, to rise up to the possession and main tenance of their newly-discovered privileges. One moment, however, Mr Editor, let me ask “ Wes leyan” a question or two. Who told you, “ Wesleyan,” that leaders and local preachers were elders? “I sub mit that bishop and presbyter, elder and pastor are, iu the New Testament, one and the same office-bearer.” Yes, I know you do so submit; and suppose I grant you that in your argument, again I ask, who told you that leaders and local preachers were elders? Do you not see that when you maintain that point, and do not prove it, you are begging the whole question. What you say about elders and presbyters, &c.;, and their duties, and also the passages you quote, are all very good indeed; but you must know that they don’t bear upon class leaders and local preachers as such. Go back, my dear friend, and read both the New Testa ment and Smith’s History to better advantage, and when you cau prove that those officers of our Church have had a divine call to administer the sacraments, &c.;, you can again come to the front and we will listen to you. One word to the Methodist class-leaders and local preachers. Brethren and sisters of our beloved Church, have you been divinely moved by the Holy Ghost to “ give the bread and wine in the Eucharist to believers, and to administer baptism ?” Can we consistently say to each other, being fellow-workers together in the same Church, “ Neglect not the gift that is iu thee which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.” Is it so that you have been called to the solemn office of an elder iu Christ’s Church, and through the “ priestly pretensions" of its minister you have not been solemnly “ ordained by the laying on of hands?” I strongly believe that the great body of earnest workers for Christ, as leaders and local preachers, will be either shocked at the as sumptions or treat with ridicule the pretensions of “ Wesleyan.” And I “ maiutain” that if “ Wesleyan” conscientiously believes .that he is an elder, he ought to seek “ the laying on of the hands of the presbytery” where it may be obtained.- 