T« the Bitter £«!, ? o ? BY MISS BBADDON. ' You shouldn't lose youv temper over it, Mr. Redmayne,' Mrs. Bush exclaimed, witk friondly reproof. ' What you ought to do is to goto Cievedon and enjoy yourself, ltke other people, for once in a way. I'm sore you've moped long enough here; and if it was ten thousand daughters you'd lost — not as I'm saying a word against Miss Gracey, which she was as sweet a young woman as ever stepped — win nnnidn't have took the loss more to heart than you have took it. Bat there's a time f or U things, which I believe it was Kiag Solomon hisself made the remark ; leastways, 1 know IVe heard it in Kingsbury Church, before Bush over-persuaded me into joining the Primitive Methodists ; and if it wasn't Solomon it must have been David, or Nebuchadnezzar. There's a time for all things, Mr. Bedmayne ; uud it isn't the time to mope when everybody * itbin twenty miles ib going to be baypy ; and even me and Bush asksd, through Bush's brother being a tenant on the Cievedon estate. Mr. ?Wort brought me the card yesterday; not all gold and colours like yours, but a neat laylock, gilt-edged.' Mr. Bedmayne bore his remonstrance with tolerable patience, but had not the remotest idea of being influenced by it. Yet when the much-expected morning dawned, serene and cloudless — for weather is sometimes propitious even in England ; when the day grew older, and XjBgsbnry joy-bells rang gaily over woods and meadows, hopfields where the tender vines were climbing, corn-fields where the golden wheat had ripened for the sickle, and where ' the free and happy barley was smiling on the ?oythe,'— Mr. Kedmayne could not help feeling that this day was not quite as other days, and that it was a dismal thing to stand alone and wilfully aloof from all bis f ellow-inen on such a day as thia. If the' day bad been wet, if a chill gray Bky had lowered on Sir Francis Cievedon and all his preparations for a festival, if a drizzling incessant rain had foreboded the exti iction of lamps and fireworks, Mr. Bedmayne might have smoked his pipe by bis desolat^ iieaf th in the old farmhouse kitchen, and laughed Bcoru fully at the folly of his race, conjuring up a vision of sodden garments and disappointed faces, fain oozing slowly from the canvas roof e, the gay flag-bedecked tents transformed into gigantic shower-baths. But a misanthrope must have been of a very sour temper who oould escape aouie touch of regret for his own lonely condition, some faint yeavaiug tor sympathy with his species, some feeble ghost like renewal of old feelings, in such a golden noontide, and amidst so fair a landscape as tnat which lay around the home of Bichard Bedmayne. Several times had Mrs. Bush repeated her remonstrances, with every variety of rustic eloquence and much amplitude of speech, bnt to no effect. Mr. itedmayne declared most decisively that he would have no share in tbe day's rejoicings. ' A prettye figure I should cut amongst a pack of fools dancing and capering,' he cried contemptuously. ' I should seem lik.-. a ghost come from the grave.'' 'Perhaps you might if youjwen t in tt ;xt shabby old shooting-jacket as you wear Sundays and work-a-days, which is a disgrace to a gentleman as well to do as you are,' replied plainspoken Mrs. Bush, who seemed to think that the in habitance of the spirit world might suffer from a want of good clothing ; ' but not if you dressed yourself in some of the' tilings you've got hoarded up in those two sea-chests of yours, o' purpose for tbe moths, one 'ud think, to see the way you let 'em lie there. Now, do smarten yourself un a bit. and trim vour whiskers, and all that, Mr. Bedmayne, and rlon't be Ihe only person within twenty miles of Cievedon to hang back from going. It loots so pinted. It looks almost as if you'd committed a murder, or something dreadful, and was afmid to face the light of day.' This last argument touched him a little, indifferent as he professed to be about tbe world's esteem. It was not of himself he thought even in this, but of that dead girl who had made up his world. Wa3 he quite true to her memory in boliing himself thus utterly aloof from bis kind ? Might be not by that very act have given occasion for slanders, which might never have been crushed but for that, or which, at any rate, might have been some answer for every question that could be asked about his lost girl ? ' Good God !'.he said to himself, strangely affected by this random shot of Mrs. Bush's, 'I may have made people think that things were worse than they really were, by my con duct.' He brooded on this idea a good deal ; but it was scarcely this which influenced him on Kir Francis Olevedon's birthday, when, about an hour and a half after the Bushes had departed, radiant in their Sunday clothes, aud with faces Tarnished by the application of strong yellow soap, he sudde nly made up his mind to follow them and share the pleasures of the day. They oould be no pleasures to him. That was out of the question. But be would go among the aoise and riot, and eating and drinking, and kold his own with the merriest, and let tbe ITUIlUDCCVUdl UV Wild AAIUU. JT- UUUlttVHG Still, &3 good a man as he had been six years ago, be fore he sailed across tha world to redeem his fortunes. Strange how lonely the house seemed to him that summer day, when Mrs. Bush and her good man had ehnt the door behind them, after much scudding to and fro and up and down at the last moment, in quest of forgotten trifles! It was not that he had ever affected Mrs. Bush's company, or that be had ever found her any thing but an unmitigated bore. Yet no sooner was she departed than he sorely missed the Clatter of her pattens, the cloop of her pails, the noise of her industrious broom sweeping assi duously in passages where there had been no footsteps to carry dirt. Dreary and empty be yond all measures seemed tbe old homestead, which had once been so blithe. He went in and out of the room without purpose, into that tabernacle of respectability, the best parlour, where not so much as the position of a chaiv had been altered since his wedding day; where the chintz covers, which had been faded in his mother's arms, were only a liUle paler and more feeble of tint to-day Nothing could wear out in a room so seldom tenanted ; it could only moulder imperceptibly with a gradual decay, like furniture in the sealed housea of ?owe- lava-buried ei!y. To-day that pale presence of the dead, whereby these rooms were always more or less haunted, emote him with a keerer anguish than he could bear. The empty house was insupport able with that ghostly company. ' And yet, if she cou!d tnke a palpable form and come back and smile upon me, God knows that I would welcome her fondly, even though I knew Bhe were dead. Why cannot our dead come back to us sometimes, if only for one «weet solem houi-n P Js God bo hard that He will not lend them to us ? O Gtacey. to have Tou with me for ever so biief a span, to hear froiii your own lips that heaven is fair and you are liappy among the aDgele. to tell you how 1 have missed you ! But there only comes the dull Bhadow, the dreary thought ; no dear face, ao gentle loving eyes.' The Electoral Bill.— 'We understand *at tbe Elreior.l Bill will ) cii.lroduceit ty the Govtrrmint J»toP»rli«me!iUliisweek-il nono-.l.y. limorrHr. 