ST. PATRICK'S SOCIETY. Monday being tit. Patrick's Day, the usnal grand netional fete of tke 8t. Patrick's Society asd Hibernian Austrs.asian Catholic Benefit Society was held in the Friendly Societies' Gardens. Ia spite of the hot northerly wind, and the sun that Diazefl nereeiy irom morning until an advanced hour in tbe afternoon, the attendance was very large, and from 9,060 to 10,000 persons most have been present. The members of St. Patrick's Society, marshalled by Mr. Hood, met at St. Patrick's-hall shortly after 10 o'clock, and marched to the vacant piece of ground in front of the Model Schools, Nicholson street, and they were soon afterwards joined by the members of the H.A.C B S , who met at St. Francis's, and, marshalled by Mr. Nolan, marched to the abovenamed rendezvous. At about 11 o'clock a procession was formed, and the united bodies, marshalled by Mr. Winter, marched along Spring street, down Bourke street, along Ei zabeth street, up Collins street, and down the Richmond road to the gardens, accompanied by several brass bands. Tbe principal banner of each society was borne ia a handsomely decorated car, drawn by four horses, and the whole formed a very lengthy and imposing display. On arriving at the gardens the procession was broken up, and in a little while large numbers of outsiders mixed up with the wearers of regalia, and formed a very nlpRAfin t" srw>r.tR/»l p. \nmW!fts snni-ts vam nm. vided for the delectation of the visitors, and there was in the arrangements no small amount of the pomp and circumstance of horse racing. Merry-go-rounds, skittles, and other such games were libera. y patronised, but the graDd centres of attraction consisted in the dancing platforms and rings, where everything from the jig to the varsoviana was done with verce and with eeprit. The maiden race of 200 yards brought out eight competitors, and was won by T. Eur'ght, with E, Eiles second. The -sack race, a most lud crous affair, was won by C Bait, with J. Hagarry second. No less than thirteen young gentlemen essayed the somewhat difficult task of walking to the end of a greasy pole jutting out over tbe lake ; and after many casual ties, which were provocative of no end of laughter, the prize, £1, was triumphantly borne away by Wilson. The eab horse race, in heats, kicked up a great deal of dust at different times daring the day, and was at no time a very enjoyable affair, t-owever, Mickey Free won the firs; heat, Paddy the second, and Mickey Free the third. The two mile handicap walking match was won by Wood- house, with M'Cann second ; and the handicap fiat race by Heney, with Mahoney second. Tne first prize for reel and jig dancing was won by Sullivan, O'Brien being second, and Tobin third. The festivities of the day were breaght to a termination with a ball and supper at St. Patrick's -hall. Dancing commenced at 9 p.m., and after an hour of terpsichorean enjoyment, the principal male visitors adjourned to supper, which was iaid out in the chamber below the ballroom. -Lue onair was occupied oy tbe president of the society, Mr. Hood. About 300 persons partook of the supper. After the cloth was removed the usual toasting followed. The loyal tosts being duly honoured. " Tbe Parliament of Yietoria" was responded to by Mr. Curtain, MX. A. To the toast of 4' Our Native Land " and " The Day we Ceh brate," M. O Gkady, MX A , responded. There being caifs f r " ih.ffy," Sir Chakbes Gavax Drrer, who was received with a great outburst of applause, taid that altbougn he felt at considerable disadvantage in speaking, having travelled so tar during that very hot day, still, after the kindly enthusiastic manner in which they had welcomed him he could not resist that pleasure. Whatever mistakes they may have made at the House at the other end of Bourke street, here there was none, at ail events, about himself. It had been announced in certain qu-irters that he was not merely fallen from office, but that he was politi cally dead and buried. If so, they gave his ghost such a pleasant reception that he should be most happy to reappear " at the solemn hour of midnight, ' or en any similar future occasion. (Laughter and applause.) It had been reported that he had received tbe offer of an appointment as a Minister for Ireland. If so, he had received no official intimation of the fact. One thirg. however, he dee red to ay, which was that he should feel nothing of the privilege of each an appointment unlaw the Irish Minister was reepen- sible to an Irish Parliament. (Cheering.) With reference to the honour that had lately been 1 conferred upon him, Lord Canterbury, who, he must ay, had always treated him with Use utmost kindliness and courtesy during his premiership, wrote to him to ay that he had been instructed, by the Secretary of State to offer him the dis tinction of the order of St. Michael and til George ; but considering that atthTSr not had the support he -wge the Governor when he desired theT I of Parliament be declined the hono % 1 view, he' was happy to say, 1 1 by Lord Eimberlay, who thereupon offerJfv111! 1 fall honour of knighthood, which he apn! i its fullest extent as a permanent I Grown in acknowledgment of his faithful V- He had once hesitated about the acteliu l the hononr, but fearing that his motive miscontrued by both Scotch and Raglhh1! had finally determined to accept the diat"l'N II The remaining toasts were « gf. i Society," "Kindred Societies," "Th and " The Press." 6 Tbe company afterwards returned to h, I room, and dancing was continued with spirit to tbe small hours. 