A STRANGE STORY. "" The lieacl of a well-known Melbourne firm sends us {Melbourne Telegraph) the following narrative, every word of wliich ho vouches is " strictly true :"—Very extraordinary things have, from time to time, been said and written on the' subject of ghosts. I myself bave read and heard of thousands of in stances, to all appearances well authen ticated ; but.never have I had the fortune, good or bad; to be brought faee to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things; and I ofTcr the following, facts for the ac ceptance of your readers : —On Saturday afternoon, the 14th instant, I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman ; thg time was, as nearly as pos sible, six or ten minutes past 6. We were passing along Spring-street,- on the opposite side to the Princess's Theatre, aud about apposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the poiut of running against some object which was crossing the footpath from the fence to the road, and I put out my'hands to prevent striking. I observed tiia extraordinary appearance pass across my path, and, as it were, completely ,ia the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. 111 pure astonishment we watched the appearance for perhaps four, seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance 011, and there was no peraon for some distance behind. The appearahce was of a very peculiar grey transparent nature. I could not for the life of me say the form it took. The suddenness of its appearing and re-appearing,' coupled with the: unusual start which the affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. A few words in conclusion. On Sunday, loth,; the following day, I was passing the spot, only this time on the top of ail omnibus, when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver,'who told me that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had 3fcated that he came bolt up against somebody or something . at that very spot, and that lie shouted out to it. "Now, then, mind where you're coming," when ho also was somewhat startled ; to see the appearance suddenly disappear. 