? A31THUR HARDING. (An Original Tale, written expressly for Vie " Wcekly Examiner.")' CHAPTEB VIII:—SUSPICIONS. " It would be difficult for me to define them, but my ithoughts perpetually dwell upon this Neville; ever since I met hitu in company with -the detective Lytich, I havesomtehbw associated him w£th BounceiSeld arid Skinner. Of course Iimay be entirely wrong; but I have ofleri "found m y instincts nearer the truth than my reason." . " B u t Arthur, you ere not laying your mind bare before me : you are keeping certain conclusions that you have arrived at from me, and fit almost is unkind to torment me-With vague suspicions unless'you- have some better foundation -for them tli&n; the mete unreasonable ' prejudice "you conceived agiin6t "this yotfng mab,J and the accidentally' seeing him in doubtful company." " Well, M r Hardiug, I have already said.that I may be wrong, but yet about thisN6villetberie ds an atmosphere of mys'tfeiyi" He| u.;weU|adquainted with the metropolis, yet knows nobody; he does npjthiing. yet; has -money -at. command [ h e is «3Gfeti -at Skinner^ *and the HebrewaeemsitoAieefj an eye bp him; las«,- ''l>illt; Aot only tC-Mj'^dr jlj\ hipy j]<»re\ago he.poorjihead-bi is/faad^iia,^ ever once. H e add^A^^hat Tanjibling through. parfnoaerday, he'eaw the fellow, he wanted lounging op tine bf thfB1 seats/ ai^d ^.apparently -absorbed fa sopie pleasant train of thought,: for be smiled and uttered the- words, ^'Capital, cspitalj'Henry '"Neville; you'rea lufcky fellow still-** J Fitzgerald was occupied at the' moment 1 in'p'aying1 particular attention; to one or more of his; lady frfeniJs, but he says he is positive jit waBtheman; and he:added,- that if; he got . fairly.Ihold of the Bsouudret, ! be wouldn't leave whole bone in his a body;'" ' • „ But, Arthur, I don't. see that this can'.in, anyVay effect the matter; that is troubling ;lne, or. I i^hould -fayiusi ThisNeville may. be, a great scoundrel, may* .be: connected .^itb .'fthose' other scoundrels 1 BounPefield - arid' Slabber, but ^hkhaNhe^tbflowiifr'us T" A 11 "Zty&jiiir;,; t; domjng to the point ,"has bepn,abroad, ias but recently returned, -says he ;has been ab sent about sis-cyeairp jjgoes lo^Skinner, gets' ^bille - ^disdounted; -}'-Hijunpefleld comes ijrybtf'With i&rtairi;'' dbcutne'pts, iDtimates' that 1 they have come into his bands in tire orclinar^ way pfbusiness, and thdtconsideration.fpr. yourpoeitioP induces him .to Coffero youtShe* opportunity of.'a private" eettlem^otyof mat 1 ters that might^be prfejtfdijaal to you if treaty fe^he/.6^dms^j,way:'sehdsme, ob "tte samp ^Md,\ J and'^Jiual^ fidn fides^ jioi ^ret iomy keeping. !. my theory is this—the signature "Ofjtfie drawer,is a . forgery, the,, signature |of tie aoceptoris we know a-forgery, ibiit thafcsignafcure was tiot forged by — ; I ' 1 "'Htreh;'1 arthut, 1 ' for' -the love (of HeaTei i. Ob, if it vrete triie, if I* oridld. but bpp^i^at' iig habd jvas" 'nopiii: tlift • tying,n'fjie m'ereWoney .Ipsa would (be a trifle ,not, -worth mentioning. I woiM, pay theBe irascals i double i in joy. that Ih •w-asinbtstfAitferly dtpra'ved.'" . i j " ;"Pardon"ttei S^'tih&tVould; be; ja eryuti#i^rocedUi& T J Tt'is'evident <^^fjQidjrdiwe ! c6tobinedtb;pluhaer J you, by/working upon your most sacred It is useless to reprobate J their infamous iiicrtftnnrliiAf conduct; • the fUn onlyithing A.lnliL^^ we can do is to endeavor to .arrive at j the :truth, and circumvent them." " What can we do ? if we defy them, and they should 'not bo conspiring as you suppose—if they really did become possessed of these bills in the ordinary way. of business, they have simply to proceed against me; and should hebe involved, as the agent declares he is,'he would be ferretted out, dragged to the. bar of justice, and—oh ! Arthur, anything is better than this. " Yes, anything would be better than that,' but I am firmly persuaded' it would never come to that. In the meantime, what think you of this Scheme t tell Bouncefield that you I have good reasons for believing that the bills are : forgeries—1 mean that never drawn by him. That they were unless he can demohstrate the existence' of the principal parly—afford you incontestable proof that he is alive, and that his wrote, you will not pay one' farthing. I'can-judge pretty well by 1 the -effect of ' this- communication whether Bouncefield is a'conspiralor or a tool ita the hands of i Skinner, or whether both are being mude catspaws by this Neville. At the -flame time :I will call on -Skinner, and try whbtKsan be made of himi • -And, lastly, I will, if Skinner gives me a clue, try the effect ofian -interview on Neville." Abel Hatditig mufefed for some time, aM :fcheii:fes£idv;'"I these hornets are to6 ctfnning fot°you, btif-thete i3fin be no ^objeetito^ to ;your .^temptjiig to outwjt th^m:" ' ' f ' 'ftW-hen^ didj you'iteceive the p'af>er ' 1- & bout a year after his departure T have it still." < r •:• : ^bS ^ai^iDg tarnea\jto- a • cabinetf unlocked it,. iopened ia Becret dmwer,: tiiid' ! drew forth' a- yellow'time*stained< copy of a Sydney paper/ '""Here J it isj Arthur—' On tKe 4th October, at Sydney, Arthur Harditig,- 6tly son bf Abel- Hai^ng, Esqr, iiOij(J6n; ,M 1 1 • "That would be about six years ago With this paper my pocket, I'll confront my worthy employer. I lean to. tbe-opinion that he is beyond the rekch of hatred, or malicp, or forgiveness. Jlhat; he .became acquainted ; with •Nievillej and probably <confided his his tory, ; or some portions of ifc;'to ! that^extilemely insihuatuig ge'bjtlpippn. '^Tbat thinking, the news of his .death had nbt reached England, or at least was-.-not believed, i. he , resoLved lo - imake ^ajiital of - his knowledge, - and -%eing a^ jsMlful penman sscce&ied; in-prodn^ipg - capitkl.; i imitations - of - his handwriting and yours. , Tp imitate , itiie; none is ®oificientj for: no two: men ever wrote bo exactly alike, I thinkyasyou and Arthur. Well, he - gets the bills diseounted by Skinner, who discovers the .fratidiWhpn too late, or else- is: a «oinfed^:4te, 'japd yyho 1 ^paploy b ''the 'trt fit^Bouncfcfield to ybajior jhe. payiiientioT 4rbatiuthey'Would be ^afraid <to take»iiito Cqrirt!' ^"The plot is"" njt»t,' bo. bad ;;;thiey nave - evidently estimated aright the feelings of, (a;fftther, tjwieense of honor of a taan of hish commerciaL etandingj riThe only'featruhe 'in the case that completely ipuzzles: me,.and: ihatl' find:-impossi ' t(j -rfebotaciile^wjth^my theory :| if p'ooritfttisrjis! np;4ipre p.l)y .aheatos did Skinner become acquainted -witlli the mofarnful Btory of his self-expatriatioii ? HcmuBtliave been cognizant of the par^ticulara or te 'iiever woiild 'have 'cashied e .'-'V?'! can.tiiiow alittle;light upon tihat ^IsMitfNH^" jold you r<on r our firstcinterriew/-ifdlidnto bV that^reoldi mlii^l^Ml^^finj!! -been anyone tolse but his : father. H e forged my name for a large amount, and T It. * i • i i • . . I, think it is .highly probable that the knowledge of his crime was not confined to: the only parties , that I supposed were in the secret. Very likely-, thisr Skinner may have helped- him,to rob his father, and so may have been imposed upon in his turn by Neville." " Well, Mr Harding, I feeY more confident than ever that they are conscious of-having a bad; case, and that a -little of the wisdom of • the serpent may cause this cunningly contrived scheme to eol- It has often ; been a matter of Burprise to me that my poor , boy's death should-tave beein inserted in the paper, bs>he of course dropped hie name i when he went there.'" >. Doubtless,. Sir,. he made a confidante , of this Neville, .perhaps intrusted him with -the' dying message of ;rspen- ,tance, and the taak of assuring. ^you, that yon wotild have no > more .cause for.; the bitterest of sorrow. -And ,so with ujhe hfliidwriting .of his rde4d. friend .in iHs possession, with -, the knowledge of .the ,sad offence of the- forgeiy, he coiiceires tbe idea of a repetition .of the crime(-that, shall fill his pockets. > To tne; the mattfer passes tbe posmble, and assumes.Hie air pf the extremely probable." : 'f Lord help.jos.to unravel this iniquity, and if yojop.theory,.-prove aorrect imay some kind spirit con vey to- my poor, lolst' ; boy. the assurance ,of jjis iatberlfl forgivpness and undying affection.": : CHAWER ft-^^LTv. S4X0N. :0n6iof (the houses in . . Grove was occupifediijy a. MiHsiLebardjva-lady pf ; - w»s icl^vop, -i rfithemgciod-lookiDgv aadj a :gneat.3afcforitci>withvthe>fet6raer. fiex, for whom sheididinothesitateitb.avowArde- IJjidiBd/.- pM5tiality.!):..;-ji6he Vset All' pop-„ tvfcntidntdities rat defiance,- nkepth a -'good table,-andTHG^prefctiest carriage and pair in "then! neighbourhood.^. As to vdifer iparties, th6y were >alwayH: eucoesaful; and: though' shrugs,ihuendoesjiragnificant gestiares, o and - Si] ;the artillery of the, : slenderer wiece expendied freely.uponhM 1, Miss liebard was-a- popular and .'enivied, remained viMifis woman. Why she had Lebard. until:iheF .thitiiath'.yeai' was 'a puzzle to alLrher oaoquaintaju^s; for there were: never ^wanting a; dozen-or So of admirers who wer^pquite : willing to take np6n 4hema0lves" the-. responBibUityoflookihg'LafterJie^'and spending her moneyi of .'that! I valuable ; • rBut -.she 'had.a -^ood shate ; commodityi; (common. iBense, and managed: her:' busiDessvquite aal'well ae her feouBehold; sothatiher^tcpepditure caievier!^exceeded 'her.;income, factigenemlly. left her j a siirpluB. end in , Fitzgerald) iwas' lone ofilier. favorites j for the' TBHBoniperhaps;. . tfcat Vin ev^ythiiig but'gaiety Ife waisua 'decidedieontrast to herbelf. i, <Hie faadilitopped'in;ode-ieveiling. • in company i with his "sister,'iowh loved jMisBJi'Lpbatd'^with jlrish^fervonr. Fitzgerald - wasv-dull^ and -insteadof, rattling -away in- his usual';httmoroiiB;[ •styles satigazin^ at-the opposite flide of' the room- as'if he -had disoovered isranie- 'thing pecuKariyinterestingw this:pattern ofthepaper.; iMto liebard watohed him for-BOmetime -in teilGiicdwith an 1 < amused ble femile 'upon faerUipd,aiid'^thtih sudden exclaimeid, "•'How- much is'it, Mr^Fitz-' , ' ".I'^tli, -that's nipv^thtui j know nqy- ; selfjJ»hajr honoring laiid re-re'ne^itog .it's coine ^o jBgme^^'.Beri^aiB I! qtuii' tlell you." ' " 'f' L,"\:"'•'•{'• Miss JDebard, laughed heartily., never . knew, lav gendeman> thoroughly, absorbed,.hut. his mindijtrag occupied jby;: ona .of twaobubjeots^flovelor debt. j I, jfconldv-seei.it wasn't l-lbye tiyr.:the ; pfcession j of yttue jfiwe^it .wasn't peasant enoqghi1 > tSon t *»iie anentftlly eastug pip: an !aWful>. aooltmin f bf figures*4-aAela^ruii that reached i from the cornice to the skirting board." " It's all very well for you to poke fun^outofme; but I tell.you what—I wish with all my heai I you were Mrs Fitzgerald, and then I would fr ee myself from, these encumbrances." " I admire your candor. But suppOBiDg that I did become Mrs Fitzgerald, have you such a-poor opinion of my- capacity for business as to imagine that I should not tie up my money ' " It'6 to be hoped yon would. I don't doubt your capacity for a moment; and you wouldn't doubt mine, for spending-" " N o ; I should say you were quite a genius at that. But seriously, Harry, bow is it you have become involved! Beally, you ought not to be so, for Norah tells me your allowance is a liberal one." ' She always addressed him by his Christian name when in a particularly friendly mood, and the, slight shade of displeature at this question, vanished from bis face in an instant. ' " Simply enough; Miss Lebard. A few nights'' play with a clover cheat; borrowing from a Jew tu pay my losses ; unable to meet my bills; arid—<3b, botheration! what's the use of going into these dreary'details? The governor brought me up standing, about "two hours ago1 with the same question you commenced -this interesting dialogue with,"' How much 1 do you otveT't have paid'an'afrful penalty for my 'in'discretidn,' 1 i Aai tell, you.'- T haven't Jinown peace' of ^ihind ever W e e he lectiired tiie." • - • • • • • - f. Two houn of remorse l f' said Miss Lebard. " How could you support so heavy a -trial f? apd tit Fitzgerald's attempt to lo^£ dte'lrogbe^ I^SxL ; deppair- 'ingly. .'^"WeU"; iioW; for' fftfitlfs'; ^ake '-—:not for !yours, for f dpii'i <fcare'Jwhat befals such a rcckless felloy as -you are —but for Norah's sake l'll hejp you out of' yoiir ' difficulty, if the amount ' is Within m y means ; but-you shall pledge ihe yourr 'word as a gentleman' never: to touch-cards again." " It wasn't cards; it was billiards. Geoffrey Long is one of,the best players in London. He wasn't contented, with being a first-rate player, but cheated me subsequently; and though I have never :gamtjled sinpe-i-and that's some .years ago—I baye never been able to free jnyself. But wipe to Long if I get hold of him f'U spoil his playing for a few ! months, kpow." ' 1 T " Wbat an arftiable What resolution! will you do to him ?' 'T "Thrash'himi'soundly." o ' ly " What a pretty figure you will cut j^fore his worship, charged by Mr Long with "assault and battery; your blue eyes blackened, and that dear little depressed Seltic nose of, .youjs flattened j?tillmore by your antagonists''iBtiiich of fives'; that's .'the teria you sporting gefitlemen' use in describing 'pugilistic eijcoiijitera, - is'nt it"? " ; ' •;•* Go on Miss Lebard, you are becommg quit® afccota^ielibcl in elabg, "and 'iSif abl,6 ;io;yfadei:taW the! editorship of a sporting^aper yet:'" V , '/"JPolic^m^u;i BU'Ol, stated that the defendant was extremely Violent; and fepppaired ;tb be ' ufider 'the inflixence; of Oquor; ."hp had the greatest difficulty! in t ^ j o ^ him.;to tbe ^hfthbufel'' "Yes, I should say he yvould; but the extrpmely .violent, won't.,do. ,.I am going '$$: pastigate him, coolly." . 'Gh! that- is. the best, joke of ,the whole.'; Harry Fitzgerald, thrashing a «camp ; tioalty .'< let-.me] ifinish^the ^ewspapPr.< repoit [of M^U^jfStEgemld Ben.- wiH find,rtinitheijnorning taper <a relish, for?, his- brteakfasi)/ i;JJjg worehip sftid it- w^ a . -most iflggrftvated toe^, a»d-he:.Wust ^jpflictr anpen^lty, of five ^pounds and Posts ; one 918 "Most graphic! really Miss Le- Ijard your talents would fit you for a penny-a-liner. But tbe appalling picture you Lave drawn of the -consequences of my vengeance will not save Geoffrey Long from feeling its full weight, I can assure you. " Oh! well, you can do unto Geoffrey Ijong what seemeth to you to be good; but to return to the subject we started with, who is your creditor ?" "A fellow rightly named Skinner ; you see I write such a graceful hand that my autograph is eagerly sought after and tenaciously held." " You have some idea of the amount, I suppose. You can surely come within a score of the total." " Oh, yes, but if I accept this extremely kind offer of yours, how am I to repay you ?" " As I said at first, by never involving yourself again." " But Bliss Lebard, this is too much— you overwhelm me—I am not, indeed, I am not worthy of such generous treatment." " No, indeed you are not; as I told you before I am not doing it for your sake but for Norah's." " Then I am to infer that I have nothing to thank you for." " Nothing whatever. Now go your way, bring your account to morrow, and you will have the means of satisfying this Skinner." What on earth can she mean 1 thought Fitzgerald as he hastened homewards ; has she taken a fancy to my worthy self and adopted this method of showing it? It is just like what she would do. If I was a good-looking fellow I cou'd understand it, Lut being a confoundedly ugly one I confess I'm puzzled. Women are extraordinary animals. " What are you muttering Harry ? What's an extraordinary animal?" asked his sister. " Miss Lebard," answered Fitzgerald. " She is a dear, noble, generous " " There, there, stop for pity's sake." 'At this moment they were passing the narrow doorway of Mr Lestrange's dwelling. A street lamp revealed the forms of two individuals in earnest conversation, and Fitzgerald caught the • words " its no use, Sir, missiB said you wasn't to come in on no account." " Very well," replied the person thus Addressed, " tell your missis 111 come in before I'm welcome," and he turned away. As he did so the light of the gaslamp fell on his face. Fitzgerald dropped his sisters's arm immediately. " Norah, can you take care of yourself for the remainder of the way ? It isn't far, and there's a fellow I \tant to see very particularly." " Ob yes, Harry, but you won't be late will you ?" No, my pet, I shall be at home before bedtime." Fitzgerald turned back and soon overtook the object of his particular dislike. He tapped him on the shoulder. " Good evening, Mr Long; I am delighted to see you." Q" You mistake, Sir, I have not the pleasure of knowing you." " Haven't you though ? By the powers I'll enlighten you before I've done with you. You don't recollect Henry Fitzgerald, do you Geoffrey Long ?" " I repeat, Sir, you are mistaken; my •name is Neville." ' " Stop a minute, my friend. By the light of this lamp I shall be able to settle the question of your identity. Your voice is the voice of Geoffrey Long, your complexion is that of the rascal who swindled me, and if there's a curious twist in the little finger of -each hand, its the man I have sworn to treat according to his deserts. He drew "Neville under the lamp as he spoke and looked at his hand. A short laugh burst trom him as the pallid countenance of Neville betrayed his guilty consciousness." " Now then for another game—you were the winner last time—but by Jove! its my turn now." A sharp blow across the face from Fitzgerald, and then Neville stung into fury by the pain and insult, closed with his antagonist. They were well matched; and the struggle was for a few minutes doubtful; but Fitzgerald, like most young men of his class, was fond of athletic sports, and his superior train, iag began to tell upon his opponent. The grove was very secluded; not a policeman within hearing, and as few I pedestrians ever traversed its solitude, the combatants were unmolested. As Arthur Freemantle wended his way homewards after the interview detailed in the last chapter, the sounds of the struggle caught his ear. He hastened forwards just in time to see Neville fall heavily. "What is this]" he exclaimed ; " why, Fitzgerald, are you mad ?" " I am not mad, most "sensible Freemantle. I have been settling accounts with Mr Geoffrey Long, alias Mr Henry Neville. I have found my enemy, and have floored him. What, you spalpeen, are you up again ?" An oath and a rush at Fitzgerald, then a few heavy blows, and Neville went down again, striking his head against the kerbstone as he fell. A crimson stream flowed from an ugly wound in his forehead, and Arthur, as he raised the prostrate man, felt an unpleasant sense of danger creeping over him. " By the powers; that fall has settled him," said Fitzgerald, " what are we to do with him ?" " Go for a cab quickly ; I must get him home. Good Lord, Fitzgerald, I'm afraid he is killed." " Not if the good die first, he isn't," said Fitzgerald, as he hastened in the direction of the cabstand. Arthur strove to staunch che flow of blood, and having bound his handkerchief round the forehead of the wounded man, placed him in such a position that the light fell upon his face, now ghastly and seemingly lifeless. As he knelt by liis side, holding his hand and watching intently for any symptoms of revival, he became aware of the presence of a third person, and looking up saw a female regarding the scene before her with a gaze so earnest and an expression so awful in her strangely interesting face, that he involuntarily uttered an exclamation ofsurpme. The woman did not appear to heed bim, but stooping forward looked closely at the countenance of the insensible man. "So I have found you,, and found you thus. Ah, Henry Neviile, we shall meet again." She uttered these words with an unpleasant laugh. Arthur addressed her—" Do you know this gentleman ¥' he flBked! "Yes, I know Mm, and when he comes to himself he will know me" When Fitzgerald arrived with the cab, aud the helpless man was lifted in, the woman was still standing within hearing. Arthur, intent upon discovering as much as possible of Neville's antecedents, gave Fitzgerald instructions to ascertain if possible who and what she was; but when he had started with his fellow lodger, she was nowhere to be found. " What a strange thing Cliesney is," said Nancy to the cook. " Yes; I wonder what's a matter with her to-night. She wouldn't have any supper, and she's as pale as a ghost. I tell you, Nancy, I don't like her: she's got something on her mind." " Oh, as to liking her, I like her well enough. She's got curious ways, but she's very kind in her way. There aint many 'ud do what she did only last week's a month gone. You know I and her went out for a walk, and we was late home. Well, we was coming down the short cut from Camden Town, and the lan« by the new terrace is very lonely, you know. Just as we turned the corner we see a girl sitting on a little heap of stones, and rocking herself backwards and forrards. Chesney stops and looks at her. Says she, ' What's the matter ?' ' Go on, go on,' says the girl, ' you're decent; you've got a home maybe, and someone to respect you; don't talk to me for I'm a lost, disgraced, miserable girl. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord help me. What will become of me?' 'Don't cry,' says Chesney, ' if you're lost and disgraced the more need to help you ;' and then she says something in her own gibberish—she come from Belgium you know—and she lays hold of the girl's arm and lifts her up, and talked to her ever so long. ' You shall not go to destruction if money'll save you,' she says; ' come along with us to the refuge.' I didn't know nothing about refuge, but Chesney leads the way, holding the girl's arm. It was a long way, but we comes to the door and she knocks.' A nice looking body opens it, and Chesney tells her that she must make room for this poor soul. ( Can't do it,' says the woman, ' we're full,' and she went on to tell Chesney she'd have to do this, that, and the other before she could get the girl taken in. But Chesney takes out her purse, and puts down ever so much money, and says, ' That's my subscription to the Society, and do you, dear madam, take her in for to-night and shelter her, and to-morrow I'll see about her getting in altogether.' Well, the end of it was the girl kissed her hands and clung to her crying fit to break her heart, and they took her inside, and we came away. 'Thank God,' says Chesney, there's one more saved.' I know she gave all her quarter's wages, and there's precious few 'ud do that." " Your'e right Nancy, they'd talk about it, but little they'd give. Did they take the girl after all ?" " Yes, asked Chesney about it, and she looked eo pleased and gentle-like to what she generally does; and was talking to her- self ever so long afterwards. Sometimes when she's talking like that she looks a regular fury, and that made me notice her more." " Oh well; I'am sleepy; but I'm glad she's so good, for mind you, I feel halffrightened of her sometimes ; good night. " Good-night" said Nancy, and went upstairs to ber little bed- room. She passed the housekeeper's room as she went,alight was still burning. She stooped down and peeped through the keyhole; the housekeeper was standing at the foot of her bed immediately opposite the door, with her arms folded over her bosom;and a strange wild look in her pale melancholy face. Half- frightened Nancy withdrew softly, and soon forgot the subject of her conversation in the sound sleep of health and innocence. (To be Continued.) 