CORRESPONDENCE. Sib, — It may not be- amiss, -at this seaBon of the year, to give "Young Australia an idea of olden times; or an historical sketch of the holi days in the . months of January, February, and Maroli. : . . New Years' Day.— This day was kept aB a fes tival by the Greeks, in which they celebrated the bompletion of the sun's annual course, and rejoiced that it again ' had begun its enlivening progress ; and, in honour, of Janus, by tho Romans,, who were in the liabit of sending pre sents of dried figs, dates covered .with gold leaf, also; honey and. other sweetmeats, to .their friends, expressing- a wish that they might en joy the sweets of the year into which they: had entered; they also visited and congratulated each oilier, and offered rip vows for mutual preservation, 'Tlje day of circumcision ivaa iri- stituted in the Christian Church by Pope- Felix III., a?d. 485, under the denomination of -the " Ootaye of Christmas," arid intfoctuded "into the English liturgy in 1550, in commemoration of the oircumbisidii of Jesus Christ, according to the Jewish ritual, on the Sth day after his nativity, The first of January was observed by Pagan nations as a day of rejoicing,, and for offering up sacrifices to the idol Jauus. The primitive Christians celebrated it : as. a fast, in order to avoid even the semblance pf joining in their, customs and worship. 'Accordiug- to the Catholid legends, it was held in such high es teem by the Romans that they Would not stilly it even, by martyring the Christians "atYauch A joyful, period, ; lt ie stiir kept as .a lioliday throughout the several, nations ;pf;Europeu and America, -the bells .of . most, of -. the;tql!urche"s being rung at midnight;, to: welcome'1 the : New Year. " h - Twelfth Day, pr Old Christmas: Day.— Tbe Greek word ' Epiphaneiii " signifiea an appear ance? apparitipii,' or manifestation; rind "this day is kept ari ri festival througtipht Christeri- dom, ' i'n commemoration of the manifestation pr appeararico of Christ upon oartli'l .' 'The early Christians celebrated the feasl of the nativity of Jeaua. during twelve days, namely,- from Christ mas, the day of his birth, until the twelfth day afterwards — the first and . laht of; these days wore denominated "Epiphany, ".namely, tho greater, and tbe lesser Epiphany, and they were observed witli the greatest solemnity. The firBt, or greater one, was celebrated :on account of Christ having on that day, become incarnate or assumed the : human form, or, sb the Scripture writers have it, " made his ap pearance in the flesh." The second, or lesBer Epiphany was observed on account of three ' manifestations or appearances, which' were ' all thought to' have -'taken place" on thiB day. al-; though not in tlio same yoar : the first was the 1 star which conducted the wise men or Magi from; the east towards Bethlehem ; the second, the! descent of tlio Holy . Ghost in the form of a dove at: the baptism of Christ in the river Jor-, dan ; and the third tho turning of the water into wine at the marriage iu Oaria, which was the first miracle .that Jesua performed. The, Epiphany, or twelfth-day, appears, tp ligvo been observed as a separate feast in : the year 813; but Pope "Julias I. is said to: have .dis tinguished the feasts of the Nativity and- Epi phany So early aa the middle of the fourth cen tury, In order to commomorate the offerings of the ancient Magi, the King of Great Britain, either personally or through his Grand Cham- lainj annually offers ri quantity of gold, frank incense, and myrrh, on this day rit the attar of the Chapel Royal, St. James's. . ... . In Spain, where Epiphany is called " Tho Feast of the Three Kings," the sovereign for the time being ie accustomed to make. similar offerings. From the circnhiatance of this festi val being held twelve days after Christmas it has derived the common name of Twelfth Day. by which appellation it is most commonly known. Throughout- Christeridoiri it is tbe cus tom to provide a fruit-cake for each family, thence denominated " Twelfth Cake." England is not singular in the festive observance of Twelfth Day, for nearly the whole of Europe and America practice the like customs, ' which differ in a few particular points, ariaing from national, politioal, or religious prejudices. " Why not young Australia i" < In Roman Catholic countries tho carnival commences on Twelfth Day and usually lasts till Lent, Lighting fires in the wheat fields on this day is atill common ' in some parts of 'Hereford, Gloucester, Berks, and Oxford shires ; and the eveing conoludes With feasting and danoing ::a similar custora in Scotland and Ireland 'is de nominated "Baltugn," that is " The fire of the god Baal.". Plough Monday.— Anciently, on the first Monday after Twelfth Day, all husbandmen re sumed the plough. In; many parts of. the coun try, ospecially intbe north, the plough is still drawn in procession -from house to house by men gaily decorated with ribbons, and, in many cases, by others dressed aa elownsywitches, oto.— Yours, etc., VOX YULGO MORBIS. An enterprising Scotchman- named Aird lias lately undertaken to introduce the sewago farm system into North Germany, and- has leased for thirty years, at £1200 a. year, 2000 acres of the sandy waste whioh lies between the BaUio and'thb port of Dantsio, On this\mitlierto barren spot— whioh 'has never been used since Napoleon sin- veyed it with the visionary design of orectinga Polish Liverpool at the mouth of tho Vistula— ho is now carrying on operations vigorously.' Two hundred acres have been already levelled off, sup plied with sewago in tlie liquid form, and put m root and gardou crops, which are visited daily by curious orowds. , Tlie bucooss of tlio ,'exrierimeqt will no doubt criuso its extension to tho other towns, along tliia dreary, coast, whoso bad sanitary aonjition has been enhanced by the le vol character 'ol'thoriftSQritircttridtheinVvtlio nrocluctivil'qlia-- raoter 'of 'which makbrtHFxponment peculiarly' suitable, 