CYNICA SILVERTONGUE'S LETTERS. (found in a dead-letter-box. ) No. 18. PREFATORY NOTE TO MR. PUNCH. My dear and esteemed friend, I have been going to call on your dear spouse all the week, but having been prevented, I write quickly to ask if there is anything the matter with you. What was it that affected you ? Did you have more than usual trouble with your in- corrigible staff, who will persist in worrying you, when your nerves are to be calm and collected, and responsible for your important editorial duties ; if not, what in the name of all the offended deities of literature caused you make such a muddle of my last two letters? You cut off the foot of one and the head of another with, I suppose, a savage stroke of your " Waverley " pen, and then stuck the rest to gether. What have I done — why is this thus ? Poor Cheeseacre would start out of his grave if he knew that the letters sent to him were so maltreated. " Rest, perturbed spirit" — a fig for his starting ; ghosts were all very well in Hamlet's days. — Punch. You mud dled all the people together, and nobody knew who is who — mixed up our friends Free-go- and-easy, and Landbill all in a heap. Terrible consequences may ensue; but never mind, you will be sorry enough when this series of my letters comes to an end, and you don't get that other set of political papers that you asked me for so blandly and mildly the other day. For who can be sweeter than you, if you like, my dear Mr. Punch? None of your blarney, Cynica, but I mean to have the letters. — Punch. Ever yours, C. S. August 18, 1873. My dear Cheeseacre, You wonder I go so often to Opera ! at my time of life, I suppose. My good friend, Opera affords that species of stimulant to me that cards do to most old ladies, and that absinthe and the free use of tobacco do to the rising generation of young men, with this difference, that cards are harmless, when held by elderly ladies, but absinthe, drunk by the young men, is not. Taking one of our early walks down a street not altogether unknown to me, although I am seldom in it, Rusticus drew my attention to two ladies, whose similarity of dress attracted him. Raising my double glasses — (yes, my friend, 1 have a gold rimmed pair) — "Those, my dear, are the two Misses Sheepshanks." "Married?" "No, mamma's darlings must not marry, she considers them barely out of the nursery ; why that shrug, dear boy ? I said nothing about young chickens, we are not discussing poultry. They once had a tower of strength against which they leaned, a rock to which they clung ; on whom both smiled, both sighed, both frowned. Alas ! he found it was with him as with Gay's once notorious Captain Macheath — ' how happy could I be with either were t'other dear charmer away ' — but they were then, as now, inseparable. But, let me tell you, dear Rusticus, they both have Dice little dots of their own that would make them worth the asking, if mamma could only believe they were not ' ow'r young to marry yet.' Now look at this pretty girl coming, the very beau idtal of Dickens's Dolly Varden, only a trifle more refined ; look at her rich colour, laughing grey eyes, pouting red lips, and wealth of bright brown hair ! No, 1 do not know her mother, although, in years back, I knew her grandmother when she was proprietress of the most flourishing hotel in the city, where she made a fortune for herself and children, and retired from business. These nice steady-looking girls with music rolls and scallop-shell earrings are daughters of one of our merchant princes. And that remarkable specimen of humanity, who appears as if he had just walked out of the ark, and was astonished to find the world had progressed in the fashion of dress, since that pre- adamit'e period, is Mr. Peter Simple, always on his road to our Sydney Mudie, a perfect devotee to a three-volume novel. Who is this driving so fast ? That, my dear boy, is, par excellence, our city swell. His dress is a perfect study, hair brushed to a turn, hat like wise, and rather elaborately placed a little on one side, that gives him a jaunty fashionable air ; then his valet sitting just at the right angle from his master completes the picture of your modern fast young man. Here the dear boy beguiled me to step into a passing omnibus. How I detest them with their dirty little conductors, who have free fights with little street gamins on the step, eat oranges at the door, and squirt the juice almost in the face of whomsoever sits last ; stare deliberately at any jewellery you wear, as if they could conjure it off you ; ah, bah ! my friend, I always put on my glasses and eye them with a cold severity that nonplusses them. They ought to be told ' that cleanliness is next to godliness.' Now I must stay 'my pen, we have to get ready for Opera. There, my friend, no more grumbling — the season is nearly over, and then we shall pay you our long promised visit, and enjoy with you the smell of violets and new-mown hay. Ever vour cherishing and cherished friend, CYNICA S1LVERT0NGUE. 