W DINNER TO MR. W FORSTER, MLA. I _ (From the Inverell Dispatch, July 6.) ON Wednesday evening, the complimentary dinner to be given to the Hon. William Forster took place at Mather's just tell Hotel, which was attended by all the" notabilities of the train. Mr. C A. Fraser, J.P., occupied the chair, and Mr. Colin Ross the vice-chair. After the company had duly par taken of the good things before them, the thousands proceeded to read two letters he had received facing the Mayor and Mr. Hugh Wyndham, regretting their inability to attend. The Chairman proposed " The Queen," " The Prince of V nie s, and the rest of the Royal Family," and " His Ex either the Governor." ' 111 ( hamann thin failed upon the company to charge their glasses for the toast of the evening. He prefaced the toast by stating that it was only at the last moment was in side swivelling he was to have the honour of acting as chairman. He had been led to expect that the chair would be filled by the Mayor, but he regretted to say that he had Inn called away professionally. Fortunately, however, the little allotted to him (the chairman) was an easy one. 'The toast he had to propose, he felt convinced, would be iiitliiisinstiinlly received by every one present. The dis languished guest who sat on his right had taken a pro- mineral part in the politics of the colony for many years. }\q one who had watched Mr. Forster's political inner could fail to be impressed with the unflinching I honesty and integrity of purpose of which had characterised the public conduct. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Forster London many occasions filled this highest offices of Government with marked ability, but he never clung to office for one thousand dinner Then he could do so with honour to himself and have it to the country. It was because such conduct on the part of our public men was rare that we in our 'hi Bible M Hy endeavoured to show our appreciation of it, by according to our distinguished guest a hearty welcome poncho occasion ofhinfiist visit, to our district. It would 'b' superfluous as well as presumptuous his part to say it is by way of introducing his honorable friend to tin in Air. Forster's high public reputation wife his best iii to education. He would therefore not detain them longer, 'Lui lisle them to join him in drinking the health of their jdiMmguMild fiUtet, '. Mr. William Forster, Member for I Haw min." The toast was received with enthusiastic cheers.' Mr. Forster, on rising, said Mr. Chairman, Vice . Chairman, and Gentlemen, I find myself placed in a, very hi nui able position, which, like many others, involves the pt rim ounce of certain duties, but happily not of a very courting or painful kind. My first duty in to return my thanks for the very kind reception which you have given me since I came here on private business. Although known in a public way, I certainly did not expect to be a ( active d in the manner I have, nor will I affect to say that I did not believe, from my kind friend your chairman, but -flint some notice would be taken of me. I did not expect to see', however, so thriving a place as Faverolles tomoe with such an enter tainment. us v you have given KIO. For all the kind recognition I should be utterly unworthy did I not w ii only feel and warmly express a sense of the great honour 3 you have done me. I am quite sure it is far beyond my merits. (No, no.) I feel bound to say that the public duties I have performed are quite insignificant compared with the manner in which you have met me, I cannot but think that some public motive exists for giving me such an entertainment, but do not believe any party motive is at the bottom of it. I am gratified to find that the meeting ron'ipritiiH all parties, entertaining different views, I feel bound to snythiityour late member is a gentleman of whom any electorate might feel proud, and the same may be said if your present member. We all have our personal likings and preferences, and it is pleasant to BOO electors can ap private pood men representing different opinions. I must »(?(.mue that my political opinions have entitled me to the laiteitniiiiiiciit you have given me to-night, and if so, I hope I shall entertain them through life. I suppose I am' expected now to gush into politics. As I anticipate Miiiaigst the tonsils to be given will be some of the public institutions of the colony, I shall withhold my opinions until then ; I think it better at present to confine myself to the personal honour done me. I have never claimed a very large interest in the present Government. I met a gentleman in Bond arra who expressed a wish that I had been well shaken on my journey, and seemed to think it was a pity that I had not broken my neck. He seemed to think my bones and pick should suffer in the people's interest. 1 cm afraid, find my neck been broken, it would have had no offer at upon your roads. I only hope that I may be able to return your kindness, either by making speeches or giving votes. You all must admit that local interests must give place to public interests. Some time or other, pi Philps, a vote in the House may have direct application to Inverell, and if this should occur, I hope I shall entertain it pi or cr feeling and recollection of the great kindness and enthusiam with which I have been received in this district. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Forster, again riding, Bands am somewhat inspired by the enthusiasm with which you have received my rate expressions to propose a toast which I think will require very little to recommend it to your notice. It is, "Pros 11 city to the Inverell district. Inverell possesses elements of great prosperity in being a splendid pastoral and agricultural district. As > an old squatter, I am able to judge of the former, and must confess that I have seen no finer country; and the same maybe said of the agricultural land, which I hope has been invaded by the free selectors. (Cheers.) I beg to propose, " Prosperity to the Inverell district. Mr. Selby observed that he thought it would require very little for him to say, as they all must feel Inverell must prosper. Standing as it did in the midst of a fine pastoral and agricultural district, where they could grow anything from a potato to an orange, what was to prevent it", 'then, as for markets, why they had the whole western district to look to. (Cheers.) Mr. Drake and the toast he was entrusted with he felt he was unequal to do justice to. He had very often heard the, Parliament of New South Wales spoken of in dis poinging terms, which he though was not on account of the general body, but of three or four members, who always wish to bring themselves prominently before the public, and therefore the majority had to suffer for the sins of a few. He thought, however, that the Parliament of New South Wales would favourably compare with that of any other in the colonies. He begged therefore to propose " I he Parliament of New South Wales, coupled with the name of Mr. William Forster." (Cheers.) Mr. Forster said that it was encouraging to public speakers to hear their names associated with a toast, and public speakers like him did sometimes require encourage- ment, and he was emboldened thereby to enter on another class of subjects. The association of his name with the terms imposed upon him the duty of returning thanks for the way in which he had been personally received, and he was happy to respond also for the Parliament of New South Wales, of which he had been a member for a long number of years. He was inclined to think it would favourably compare with other similar bodies, not even excepting the greatest Parliament in existence, which was that of Great Britain provided they made due allowances and took all circumstances into consideration. He felt that if he had been only a private person he should not have had the honour accorded him. His public character had been long before them, credit justified Iiiniin believing that in holding to his opinions he had met with his deserts. With regard to the politics of the country, they naturally expected from him a statement of political affairs : but they must not a. pest of-him to speak as an authority on the political state of the country. Honestly, he did not care whether he was reported or not, but he would promise them this that he would speak his mind. He was tolerably well known not to be a friend of the present Government. On that supposition he did not wish to say anything offensive, but he intended expressing his opinion of them. He would take it for granted that the present festival was a testimony of the public spirit of the district. It might be taken as a test, looking at the state of their roads, that all classes in the country did not differ so much IIB was generally supposed. They need look back no farther than the French revolution to see that the old noblesse stood their ground until the ground fell from under them. It was the same in America, where a large number of cultivated men had the masses to govern, in their mode of coal ing With the interests of the country. In this country there was a similar disposition evinced, which was rather a discouraging admission to make. Admitting what had been said about the Parliament of the country, he was afraid the aspirations of Responsible Government had not: been fulfilled. Responsible Government was inaugurated with very enthusiastic hopes had they been fulfilled ? A Government might either be a machine for political purposes, or used to educate the nation to a higher mode of thinking. Regarded in either of these aspects, there are certain practical facts which serve to form a judgment, He would allude to two topics in proof of this. In regard to the practical effect of Responsible Government, let them see if such things were accomplished by it or not, They were aware that he (Mr. Forster) had voted for Universal Suffrage, according a right to vote to all people in the country, it might have been that they did not exact such rules OR they ought to have done. (Hear, hear.) They might dispute a number of other points in the bill. There were many who might think, also, that education had better have been left to others, but all would agree that the police force had not improved. The ox inmate of the force had been greater, and as for Bushranging in the Braidwood district all the constables had been SHOT, a state of things which had never occurred under the old form of Government. The police on the whole had improved, but there was no reason why they should not have improved under the old system of Government. He would next take the Education Bill, and might say of this that he did not agree in supporting Denominational du (ration, although at the same time he did not wish to disparage, but he thought it would have had a better effect, and attended with much less expense, if they had died away with it altogether. He did not pretend to such a prophet as to predict that the Denominational system would be done away with altogether; in law was found to be defective, and the Council VIII trying to abandon the law. Far butter that the law had not been ruined than to ask Parliament to e 1 atipe the law. He thought it was a mistake of judgment, and show i of the necessity of some change. This arose from establishing the National system. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Municipalities, the House had passed two cups) Tented laws which no one could understand. No im- per (ton measure of that kind received fair discussion. Now, what are the results of the Municipalities Y Do they supply the requirements of the country 'i In regard to roads and bridges don't let Inverell people think they are martyrs in the; report, as it is the same all over the country (laugh- ter how is it that the roads are in the state they are of The true answer. is the municipalities improve little bits of country, leaving all the other neglected. I know there are, enough men of property -in' Inverell, not utterly ^ selfishly and why is it we find property antagonistic to municipalities of Why,' because the holders find it is not properly' dealt with. He was not going to maintain flint property" should not pay the support of municipalities. But they found property in some cases shown in and unfairly taxed. 'This would not have been had the principle he tried to inculcate been carried out, which was this-to divide the colony by Legislative enact- ment into districts, commensurate with its natural boundaries, which oned should be compelled to watch over, or else rest. give no assistance from the country. Every man of property in such a case would feel himself compelled either to take a part in the management or else would have to suffer from not doing so. He' intended to have established municipalities upon this principle instead of the present, which has proved nnutterfailuiô. (Cheers.) The proposal he made might pcilinpsnppoiir by some to be crude, but the < fleet w could have been this-that they would have had every I cilice district, and half police districts, formed into municipalities. Next he would ask them what particular line lits find they received from the electoral law '{ Parramatta, gained the other similar places had two members, whilst districts double their size had only one. Was not this one of the things which ought to have been amended by Re M onsiblo Government. (Hear.) For three or four years they had been clamouring in this respect, and yet no change and lukin place. Although the committee, of which he had] decided to be a member, reported in favour of a change has occured, What the Government introduced the Opposition throw out, and vice versa, All this was the it Mile of Responsible Government. In what had it du eloped moral and intellectual legislation? He did not think the Legislative Assembly compared favourably w to a bullet was her ore. L omp ii e the men with those returned his one. third were Parkes and Robertson, and many others, and where were men like them returned in the pro- mt House's 'the young men in the House were the worst of all. It appeared to him all the young men and HIM). the public men were worse. Was the public service better ? It was on all sides admitted that it was not. There) were three times the number of persons employed in theory. the Railway department was unanimous which was the effect of responsible Government. The official who had lately been dismissed would never have been dismissed at all had he not given evidence showing this to be the case. He should of course be charged with speaking against the present Government, met he would candidly admit that he did not is it, k they were better than their predecessors. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps some one might ask why he did not allow the public the benefit of his services by joining the present Gov- eminent. It may bone could find reasons of a private elim noted for not doing so. It seemed to him that he could not consistently take service in an administration composed of Sir James Martin and the Colonial Secretary. He was advised very strongly to join them by a Bishop, who said I theil o was no doubt they had expressed very strong opinions of bro another, but that they had joined believing that it would be advantageous for the country. But he was shocked. 'the Colonial Secretary had endeavoured to show him that they agreed in opinions ; but he could not say how. The fact was, from experience of ' him in political matters he could never believe in him. He found how inconsistent he was in tree trade-how inconsistent on the Municipal question and he could not agree with him on the Kiama ghost question. (Laughter.) A Colonial Secretary who could make such statements as he did on that occasion, without producing one tittle of evidence to support them, was not worthy of confidence. He should not say anything more on this subject. He would honestly say if they could ex- amplify what they professed to be so anxious to give to the Avon Id, he should have been happy to have joined them. He would like to know what could justify such a mixture of offices as they found ? They had partizans singing their praises all over the country. The Colonial Secretary had left a sort of hecatomb of unfulfilled pledges all over the country, and this in a House attended with happy circumstances ; when the colony was in a state of prosperity never known before, and he found a House the elements of which were never more favourable not by the action of the present Government, but by the folly of their opponents. Sir James Martin's j g lent opinion of his own folly not only left the broach open, but dcMioycd his prestige in the House. Under all those favourable circumstances after all the blowing of their own trumpets all over the colony-what had the Government done. The first question they attempted to deal with was the Border duties. After a long bungling over this job', they had accomplished a treaty which must inevitably come to an end when the ad valorem duties cease. What was the object of the Conference? Why, simply that Ministers were compelled to do something to look pleasant ; but he held that Conferences were iiLsuid in principle. The thing for which they deserved more credit that any other was the theory of internal communication. He was only enumerating opinions now which he had before enumerated. What- ever ideas Goulburn, Mudgee, and other districts might entertain upon this subject, it always appeared to him that it was a species of injustice to the coast districts like Illa vi area to expend such vast sums in this way. In saying this he would not have it supposed that he was opposed to railways. On the contrary, if they are to be extended, he should like to know why some great effort was not made to extend them in a more rapid manner. How long, he would ask them, did they expect it would be before they had a railway to Inverell? (A voice: Four years.") Why not then in one car? If they were to follow the plan of A rim ira, they could have a railway in one year. He was afraid they had no more idea of carrying out a railway to Inverell than extending the Northern district. Then why were not the roads repaired ? He did not know whether any person present would agree with the indebtedness of the colony, and himself did not believe any colony could be benefited by bon owing money which could be done without. But if they' must borrow, why not expend the money on roads and bridges, which would lead to a return at once ? (A voice: Tell us about the land.) Some one asked for his views on the land question. Was there over heard such a proceeding OF a Governor being obliged to tell a lie in promising to introduce a Land Bill and never doing soil Was it not highly desirable that the indefinite question of free selection should be dealt with in a manner for its final settlement ? He did not think pre-emptive leases should be left as they were. He had never been opposed to the principle of free selection. (Cheers.) Indeed, his opinion was that free selection should be extended to a much greater length. (Hear, hear.) He did not approve the condition of residence, and he was of opinion that the residence of clause should be abolished. It was notorious that there was an immense amount of perjury committed under that clause. On what ground could it be maintained that the residence of a squatter, or a manager of a bank, was more beneficial than that of a labouring man '{ If either of these, or any one, was to put a working man on the ground to insure residence, the probability is the working man would do more good than either, for, after all, what was the object of residence but the improvement of the ground. The improvement of the soil was the great principle to be aimed at. Suppose you were to abolish the residence, and allow anyone to free select conditionally upon his putting . labour on the soil. This is the plan he would suggest, and he thought the existing system required alteration. There was one question he was prepared to give the Government credit for, which was the settlement of superannua- tion. It was certainly arranged on a very just principle, and the only fault he found was that the honest repayment had been made with borrowed capital. He could not see what occasion there was to borrow capital, or, to use a common i pbraBO, to " rob Peter to pay Paul. He did not see the Huvuiuiige gained by any chance of position. There was another question he would allude to-the question of finance. They had come pledge from the Government that the oil valorem duties should be abolished. For this he thought the Opposition was as much to be extolled as the Government, He expected that two sessions would not have been suffered to pass over without this promise being fulfilled. But what guarantee had they that it ever would be fulfilled ? He only hoped members would continue their opposition until it was. He thought the Upper House had I acted right in throwing out the bill for carrying newspapers face, The Government, in a fit of ill temper, introduced a bill to do away with the Upper House. Now the Legislative Assembly, he thought, was bound to purge itself before it attempted to improve the Upper House. If the bill had passed, it would have been passed by a body incompetent to deal with the question, no thought a reform of the electoral law was highly necessary, and he intended to press this upon the Government next session. He had promises from Mr. Parkes that he would introduce a new electoral law. The Government were therefore pledged to a bill which he thought would lead to an early dissolution, and he was very much of opinion that the country would show that it had had enough of the present Government. (Hear, hear.) He might mention that he introduced the measure for the payment of members, which was thrown out by a little technicality. He did expect it would be productive of good results. It was natural to expect that every country district would prof or being represented by some local man, who could perhaps better understand their aspirations than others. By paying members a liberal sum, they would very likely be of benefit to the country. With respect to the Public Schools, he did not wish to suppress the Denominational schools, but should like to give them a little time to set their house in order. The present Government, he did not believe, had a system of party tactics different from former Governments, but appeared to have a policy of their own policy of postponomont-or doing as little as possible sort of political goose step. 'Hie Mining Bill they introduced was so cumbrous that as a result, no bill was passed. If he were asked what was the remedy for all this, he would say put out the Government. He said this without any wish to fill their places, or a desire to follow them. Where was the remedy The remedy was in the electors of the country. The remedy for Inverell was in Invncll. (Cheers.) The electors of Inverell and the district must put themselves in a position to elect a better class of men. Whatever he might be urged to say against self-government, he would not be understood as saying get rid of self-government. But he thought self-government should commence with themselves. (The honorable gentleman spoke for two hours and twenty minutes, and concluded with a peroration which was received with prolonged cheers.) Mr. Mulligan proposed the four great interests of the colony namely, " The Pastoral, the Agricultural, the Commercial, and the Mining interests of the Colony." They all knew the value of the pastoral and agricultural interests, and that they were at present in their infancy, and he hoped in future they would work well in harmony. At for the commercial interest, he Thrale not say much. ? about that. Then he came to the mining interest, which was at present under a cloud, but he hoped it would soon' come to light, and shine more resplendent than ever. The four interests were essential to the prosperity of the . country. Mr. P. Anderson, in a brief speech, returned thanks for the pastoral interest. Alderman Coggan, in returning thanks for the agri- r cultural interest, said that Rowan an old farmer, and at present free-selector and for men in the old country, he had known what it w IIB to live on a penny a day, but he had found this-was the country for the running mon. Mr. W. Swanson, in returning thanks for the commercial interest, said the district was in want of many improvements, and they would never got them unless pressed upon the Government by public men. in this district they contributed more money than almost any other, and yet they had worse roses The flower improvements than any other district. The commercial in terms t presented all through the colony, and if they had better roads and better bridges, it would greatly facilitate carriage and tend to improve business. Mr. Groves returned thanks for the mining interest, and in so doing remarked that it spoke little for mining when it occupied the fourth position He could see plainly that the people of Inverell were all pastoralists and agriculturalists, if they had been minors, the toast would have been placed in a higher position. He hoped that when they went into mining again, it would not be as promoters merely, but with a real intention to work them. He had soon better mines in this colony than in Bendigo, but people here would not assist to develop them. Old miners had to come life and work up to antiquated ideas, but he hoped soon to" ' find a change, and that they would be induced to follow modern ideas in working mines. Mr. Forster, in proposing the health of the chairman, passed a warm eulogy upon him, remarking that he was an old friend whom he had watched in public life, and had found him acquit himself in a manner that entitled him to hold a high place in their estimation. The Chairman, in responding, said he begged to thank his honorable friend for the kind manner in which he had proposed his health, and those present for the enthusiastic H way in which they had received it. It was highly satisfactory to him to see assembled together so many persons representing all classes of the community, some of whom had come great distances, and at very considerable income venture to themselves. He was quite sure, however, that the very able and exhaustive speech they had listened to was an ample compensation for any trouble ' they might might have been put to. (Hear, hear.) Cynical people might perhaps sneer at demonstrations of this kind, but to his way of thinking; they were calculated to do a great deal of good. It afforded those who lived in somewhat remote districts the only opportunity they had of showing their appreciation of high ' principle on the part of our public men, and viewed in this light, he thought they were calculated to do good, as he felt sure nothing could be more gratifying to a public man ' than to find that his conduct met with the approval of his' fellow-citizens. He hoped Mr. Forster would carry away ' a favourable impression of our district; and HIIOUUI ho on any future occasion visit us, he might rest assured that he would receive a hearty welcome (Loud cheers.) ' ' » 