THE WINDOW-BREAKING AT BALLARAT. The mysterious window-smashing whioh caused so much sensation in King-street, Ballarat East, on Saturday and Sunday last, was the subject of conversation throughout the whole of yesterday, and we are pleased to be in a position to state that the perpe trator of the outrage has been discovered. The servant girl, Percifone Jouva, attended the Eastern Court yesterday morning, either out of curiosity or as a witness in the case of Margaret Clarke, who was fined for break ing a window in the house next door to Penhalluriack's. Before the girl took her departure from the oourt she was interro gated by Sergeant Larner as to the window breaking in her master's house. She gave very Shifty answers, and appeared uneasy in her manner, and seemed glad to escape the cross-examination to whioh she was sub jected, but stoutly asservated that she was ingorant of who was to blame. Suspicion, however, had fallen upon her, and Detective Hyland paid a visit to the house. In her absence the dress she wore on the Saturday was searched, and some water-worn pieces of quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had done so much mischief, were found in tbe pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after consider- able hesitation and much prevarication, she admitted that she 'just broke two of the panes out of a lark ! ' Penhalluriack was present when ehe made this confession, and he urged her to tell the whole truth, on the promise that she would not be punished ; but she was afraid to tell Hyland more, as she said he would take her away. Shortly after wards Sergeant Larner arrived, and on Pen halluriaok's promise that he would not appear against her to prosecute, she made a clean breast of it to the sergeant, and said that she smashed the whole of the windows without the aid of an accomplice. She only did it for fun, she said ; but a remark which she had previously passed to one of the ohildred leads to the belief that she had a far more serious motive. As the polioe have determined to take some action in the matter, the will prob ably be brought up at the Eastern Court this morning. We shall not give publicity to the girl's statements whilst the case is sub judice, but it is evident that she is a wilful and dangerous person, from her conduct in previous "situations." She had only been a fortnight in Penhalluriack's employ, but long enough for the children to be able to tell of various small acts of deceit that she wished to have hidden from their mother. It appears she was very unoomfortable whilst Larner was in the house on Sunday night and told Mrs Thomas she '"wished he would take his eyes off her." Directly the house-door closed upon him when he left the premises, there was another demonstration. A stone came flying across the room in which Penhalluriack was serted with two neighbours. The girl was passing into the adjoining room at the moment but she stopped to say — ' There's another of 'em and sure enough there was another, but nobody could tell from what direction the pebble came. However, from that moment she was closely watched, and shortly after wards she told Penhalluriack that he oould go to bed, as she was sure no more stones would be thrown that night. Mrs. Penhall uriack was seriously ill during the whole day yesterday, but it is hoped now that the perpe trator of the outrage has been discovered, the invalid will progress favourably towards con valescence. After her confession, the girl was taken to her own home by her mother. Her father is a Greek, following the occupa tion of a minor, and is not at present in Bal larat. During Sunday and yesterday hun dreds of people visited the house where the alleged ghost was carrying on such mad pranks, and there was considerable excitement in the neighbourhood. — Ballarat Courier, July 1. 