Wljt Bejja #a5ctte. "Fttoset Juitltlt." THURSDAY NOVEMBEB 20, 1873. " Sm James Maetih has been appointed Chief Justice." ** Mr. Butler has resigned the Attorney-Generalship in consequence of a misunderstanding relative to the appointment of the Chief Juaticc." Putting these two scraps of news together, tho ordinary conclusion would be that Mr. Butler wanted to be Chief Justice, and because he was dis appointed, he threw up his government position in a huff. No such weakness on the part of Mr. Butler. A corres pondence brought before the Assembly on the Uth instant reveals on the part of the Colonial Secretary a course of action that has brought to his ears a torrent of stern denunciation:— "Deceit! treachery! duplicity! pre tended friendship, and betrayal of that friendship!" have been the ejaculations which burst from the lips of every honest man who read or listened to the Parliamentary proceedings of the date mentioned. For four months, ever since Sir Alfred Stephen intimated his intention of retiring from the Bench. Mr. Parkes allowed his " friendButler to imagine that ho was to be Sir Alfred's successor. And now, at the eleveutli hour, tho Colonial Secretary suddenly discovers that Mr. Butler is r<ot socially fit, nor legally tit for the position ; says the Bar is adverse to his appointment, and that it would be altogether horri ble to the minds of certain people if a man of Mr. Butler's religious per suasion were elevated to the Chief Justiceship of the Colony! P&rkes; will live i« history; the Kiatna ghost was sufficient to immor talise his memory; but the sacrifice of Mr. Butler puts an extra spike in the cross of his p ■litical crucifixion. How can -the man who betrays his " friend " oe relied upon for the honest manage ment. of any post of trust ? Take umu for man, experience for .experience, public opinion may perhaps be mtire favor<iWe to Sir James Mar tin's appointment than it would have been to the appointment of Mr. Butler; though in a social, mor.il, political, in tellectual comparison,'many will fail to give cither of these gentlemen pre cedence, the one before the other. But public opinion will not nondone the conduu ofthe Premier towards Mr. Butler, nor will the previously wide spread impression of the Premier's .UD teliableness be anywise lessened by a knowledge of the latest manifestation of his peculiar teniperanienl. "The next time il.P. is taken to Fort-street school to pipe out moral platitudes for the delectation of the -bays, we -can fancy how the siucy - :-yr>arig. rascals will elevate t*\e_ir" eyebrows - when they think ot who 'sold Butler for a meas of Orange pottage. This is what Parkes wrote on the 5th instant to his friend and colleague : "The office (of Chief "Justice) should be'filled by the member of the Bar possessing in the highest degree the qualifications of iearning, professional character, liberal education, personal standing, and social recognition ; and neither the Bar nor society will ad mit that you are pointed out by these considerations." The country will appreciate this j rodomonfc vde when its source is re-' membered.; Most • people gave the | Premier credit for pluck; indeed his often spoken boast has been that he did not care a fig for anyone; but we now learn that even he has not nerve sufficient to brave the wrath of terrible Mrs. Grundy! Mr. Butler is not Chief Justice; but J a halo of glory encircles him—the ' glory of manliness 5 and the verdict of the colony will he unanimous to pUie him in higher estimation than if he sat in the seat of the Chief Justice. The temporary annoyance will be forgotten; and honors and emoluments more, substantial and more lasting will reward him than if he hits not having been victimised by his ' friend' and colleague. 