If the Mining- Department intends to shake off the apathy which has so long en shrouded its proceedings, there is one direc tion in which it should make a very early move. Whatever may be the merits or demerits of the Pleasant Creek jumps — whether the claimholders have been badly used, or are only getting their deserts — the 1 fact is undeniable, that shepherding is the great bane of the goldfields.' Not only does this assertion apply to mining leases, but it is qnito as forcible, perhaps even more so, when applied to ground held under the bye-laws of the Mining Boards. Hnge claims are taken up for no other purpose than to hold until Work En the neighborhood shows whether they are-of any value, when they are put to work — although not always even then. If operations above or below should prove resultless, these claims are left, but not always abandoned. Inasmuch as possession is only to be ob tained by going before the warden, and running the gauntlet of all the courts of the colony, should opposition be encountered, these claims are as distinctly locked up from encroachment or possession, as though they" were enclosed in an iron safe, with one of Chubb's patent locks to fasten the door, and a park of artillery to guard the key hole. So long as no value can be attached to the ground, the holders know well they are safe from molestation. What will not seemingly pay them to work is unlikely to be interfered with by others. The moment, however, the opernng- up of the mines above or below them, gives a valoe to the ground, the. shepherds come "hack, claim their hnge tenements from any person or party who has taken possession, and if their demand is resisted, the machinery of the law is put in motion to secure the object sought. If the shepherds should have means, and the party in possession be poor, the chances of tire latter making good their footing are about as likely as the discovery of a nngget weighing a ton on the topmost twig of a gum tree. If any person doubts this assertion, let Dim bear in mind the litigation now going on with the Pleasant Creek cases, and re member that the same fight could be car ried on with any jumped claim in the colony, no matter what the merits of the jump might be. That dispute, so far, has been purely a technical one. The merits have never yet been enquired into, for Mr Mackay, with that peculiar impar tiality for which he has long been conspicuous, refused a request of this kind, made by the claimants six months ago, thongh he might have known, if he did not know, that if' an enquiry at that time had proved there had been no shep herding, the cause of the jumpers would have fallen to the ground beyond hope of redemption. The whole matter has been left to the courts to decide, and how they are ehuttlecocking it about, proves that to get possession of a claim once marked off, though it may have been subsequently "to accomplish, providing of course the markers -off desire the ground, and com mand the means -to put the law in motionto oust those who have taken possession. It does not seem to have occurred to any person who has the power to bring this matter udder the notice of Pariiament, that what- ' ever may have been the shepherding done before, the causes ce'iebres of Stawell will multiply this evil tenfold in the future. Moneyed men, knowing that about £10,000 must be expended in law, to say nothing of the vexation which accompanies the ordeal, before possession can be obtained, will now have no compunction about shep herding ground, satisfied that so much terror will have been struck into the minds of bond-Jide workers by these jumping cases, that they will not attempt to oust them from their ill-gotten or ill-held ground. Of course, it requires that the claims should be worth fighting for, as in the'Stawell case, but it is the shepherding of ground, not perhaps so valuable as this, but still worth obtaining, which is alone involved in an argument of this description. Money seems, to be able to do anything in this colony, and especially to encourage shepherding, as recent experience goes so far and so dearly to show. The wisdom of Pariiament, and the acuteness pf the lawyers, combined, hav ing bronght things to this pass, fresh legis- lationhasbecomehnperative; and unless gold mining is to be monopolised by a few, it is evident the Legislature will have to take this subject into very serious consideration. We presume no one will dispute this self- evident proposition, whatever may be their views on the Pleasant Creek- jumps. This being the case, we come back to the statement we made at the commence ment of this article— that there is one direction in which the Mining Department shoold make a very early move. That direc tion is to appoint a board to enquire into the extent of shepherding on all the gold- fields — whether in alluvial ground or in connection with quartz reefs--with a view to devise a remedy for so ruinous and demora lising a state of things. A Pyrites Com mission has "been appointed, and there is also to be a Beef-washes Commission- why not also an Anti-Shepherdiug Com mission ? Competent mining men appointed for the purpose coiuld get together a mass of evidence by visiting the different gold- fields which would startle the whole colony when published. ..They would find that the conditions of mining leases are nearly al ways abased, and that the Mining Boards have made bye-lawB, apparently for no other purpose than to lode up the coun try altogether from-' mining operations. The necessity for this step i6" not only shown by the past history of Stawell, but also by what . is ' now going on ! at Elaine, Maldon, Fryers Creek, and indeed on nearly every goldfield in - the colony. The Stawell jumpers have done this good at least— 4hat they have directed attention to the curse of shepherding, and the subject must not now be allowed to drop out of memory. .. like a nine days' wonder, until measures are -taken to remedy the eriL Mr Stephen is great oh giving good titles to ground, bnt he over looks the far ' more important question, which needs legislative, elucidatiou. ..Yet a very little consideration 'should -con vince him that if £10,000 ; is - required to fight out a jump, daimhqlders are well- proteBed from attack henceforth, without any1 special - ilegislation : being passed to' preserve' them : from interference.' '.£& we have remarked above, the great bane of the period is shepherding, and the Minister of Mines should adopt any reasonable ex pedient which would tend towards its abolition. - The first step to tins end is the appointment "of a board to' enquire into the whole matter on the different goldfields, and if Mr m ackay means work in the future, in stead of only the enshioned ease of his office, he will take tins step without delay. The remedy for what is killing the mining community, could soon be devised, onoe the facts were in possession of himself, and under the review of the public. Meanwhile we onoe more impress upon his attention the lesson which 'the litigation in connection "with the" Stawell jumps conveys, and the premium it offers for laziness and demora lisation in connection with mining for the future. After the experience of the last few months, no sane man, under existing circumstances, will trouble the shepherds of the goldfields, seeing what the cost of attempting dispossession is, and the black- . guarding and misrepresentation which ac company the outlay and the effort. They will surely be left all alone in their glory, unless Mr Mackay has sufficient force of character to realise the evil which exists, and to take the proper means for its recti fication. Elsewhere will be found a letter from Mr Towers, giving a mass of valuable infor mation as to the duties of the Boards of Advice elected under the provisions of the. Education Act. Mr Towers had charge of the election in the Gity, and the cheap ness and facility with which that contest was carried out, very properly drew forth a special testimonial from the City Mayor in favor of the above-mentioned gentleman. A general desire is expressed in this district that an officer should hie appointed to assist the Boards of Advice in their important duties. It is dear, business people cannot daily watch the innumerable matters connected with the schools, so well and vigilantly as an officer who would have nothing else to . attend to, and therefore the soundness of the desire expressed throughout the district, will hardly be disputed. By education and experience Mr Towers is well fitted for such a post, and we are sure his appoint ment would give satisfaction in the broadest sense of the term. Throughout what may be regarded as the Ballarat district, there will he something like thirty Boards of Advice, and it would be invaluable to the gentlemen forming these bodies to have a person of Mr Towers' educational and legal knowledge to refer to, whenever any difficulty arose in connection with their i duties. A very influential memorial or re- commendationof tins kind willshortiybe pre- : sented to the Minister of Education, and it is to be hoped the response will be as satis factory as the friendB of Mr TOWERS de sire, and as all persons interested in the successful' operation of the Education Act will readily endorse. The revenue returns for the quarter and year, published in yesterday's Courier , show a decrease on the quarter - ending the 30th of June last of £56,512, and on the year of £19,013. Itis some time since there has been a falling-off in these returns — each quarter's result for the last two years, with one exception, showing a large increase. The cause, on tins occasion, is wholly traceable to "the small quantities of land which have been sold by auction. The Customs have largely increased; so also have Excise, Public Works, Ports and Harbors, and Post and Telegraph Offices ; but there is a decrease under the head of Fees and Miscellaneous. These returns, however, are eminently satisfactory on the whole, as showing that the purchasing power of the community is increasing. The decline under the head of Territorial shows a difference on land, loses nothing by this falling-off. If the sales of land had been kept up to the old rate, there would have been a large in crease to . show both for the quarter and the year, and no better proof of the sound ness of the country could be needed than this fact. It is clear that protection is doing good work, and that Mr Lord's prognostic, that mining is ruining the country, is dimi nishing to a nullity. A preliminary meeting of a few of Mr J. B. Humffray's political friends was held at the Provincial hotel last evening, when it was decided to organise a committee to take the necessary steps for securing his return for the electorate of Bal larat North, at the next general election. A re quisition is in course of signature. The Age has put the worst possible construction upon our explanation of last Saturday, and in ferential!' done a wrong to Sir Thomson, the secretary of the Water Commission, -which it ought in some -way to repair. Our contemporary led us into the error of stating that Mr Thom son had appeared before the Supreme Court on Thursday last, whereas the evidence given on -affidavit was simply what had been adduced in court as far hack as last January. Dealing with the figures given by Mr Thomson and ourselves, the Ape says both cannot be correct. Yet they arc both, in a sense, accurate, as a very littie explana- . tion will suffice to show. Mr Thomson is of opinion that, as £1000 out of the £4216 will pro bably have to be expended every year in continu ing the reticulation and effecting changes, and so forth, he is warranted in placing this sum amongst working expenses. This he does in his own balance-sheet. On the other hand, we claim this ; sum for permanent works, because its expenditure ' in this form obviously improves the assets of die commission. The disparity is, therefore, a mere matter of opinion, and not a violation of fact or truth, either on one tide or the other. With regard to the £7920 interest, our contemporary over looks that £1920 of this sum was used to pay i money borrowed, -at heavy interest, because the i promised loan from the Government was so long delayed. We contend therefore that allowance should be made for this ontlay, since the question of whether an enterprise pays cannot be settled by the doings of one year only, but must be viewed from a far more general stand-point. It unluckily happens that lift Thomson cannot reply to our contemporary's figures, as the dispute bet seen the Water Commission and the Bongareeshire Council is still sub jvdice. Only for this circumstance, no doubt, a fuller explanation would be afforded. As regards the statement that if our figures are correct, Mr Thomson must, have attempted to hoodwink the Judges — tins is'a very serious asser tion indeed to make, and one which it is to be hoped the Age, ou further reflection,, will see the desirability of withdrawing. At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum "Com mittee iftst night, a shocking case of death and disease from diphtheria was brought under the notice of the committee by the president and Mr G. Smith. . It " appearls that a family named Welsh, consisting of the father and mother and nine children, live in a wretched hut on - the Creswick road, near 'the Plough toll; gate. A few days ago one of the elder girlsj aged about fifteen, was attacked with diphtheria, and went to the District Hospital, wherd she was treated, hut not admitted. She" went home, lingered for a short time, and there fell a victim to the virulence of the disease, but not be fore the disease itself spread to another, -if not . other members, of "the family. It is also believed that the disease is spreading from the infected house to others in the same neighborhood. Messrs Smith and .Wrigiev, and. other gentlemen, have endeavored to alleviate the sufferings of the family ; but, in view of the danger to public health, the committee last night agreed to call tire' atten tion of Superintendent Rill and : Dr -Bunce to the case. We have' frequently written upon the necessity which - exists" fair the establish ment of a sanatory depot'for tbetreaimentof this' fearful disease, and to which 11 cases. should be : removed immediately on discovery; and perhaps something of this - Idud may he. done now that the nid of the health officer and the police authorL ties has been, invoked. Thelffeof the poor girt referred -to' above might probably have been saved, had she been properiy-oared for in a separate ward of the-Hoq>itaI, or ine.eajiatbrinm for the treat— meritqf such cases. ' ' "p. , 1 Atngqtingof tjie subscribers, to the .Medhiiiiics' " . Institute w31"1ie held this " evening, to disease lb0, propriety- of "9-esqmding; jtbe <ride which provides' that subscriptions shall be payable half-yearly. Mr Lewis, J J?, and other members of the com mittee, believe that the interests of the institution, and the convenience of numbers of residents, would be best met by returning to the old system of quarterly payments. We have little doubt as to tire correctness of tins view, as everybody who would like to be connected with the Mechanics' is not so sure of remaining here eix months as to pur chase a ticket for that period. A meeting of the Miners' Bare Club was held at Brophy's hotel last night ; Mr B. Hepburn in the chair. All the -trustees, with the exception of the Hon. R. Walsh, were present. Mr E. C. Moore was unanimously elected secretary to the club, and a committee (consisting of the chairman, Mr Xiongbiin, and the secretaiy) was - appointed to arrange as to the appointment of a caretaker to look after the course and buildings. The Rev. Mr Walker's lecture has been post poned to the 21st instant, owing to the inclemency of the weather yesterday. Mr J. H. Bradshaw will address the ratepayers of the South Riding of Bnninyongshire, at his house at Clarendon, to-morrow evening, and at Crow's hold, Elaine, on Kriday evening. A children's concert, in connection with St. John's Presbyterian Churdi. will be held this evening, when, under direction of Mr Thomas, a number of sacred pieces of music will be ren dered. Another ghost, it would appear, has turned up in Ballarat East. Two apprentices, who were bound to the late Mr LeweR, have declared that : sereral times lately while sitting at their benches, the spirit of their departed master has appeared to them. The other world visitor has never come when both were together, but always when only one was present ; and the form in which he came was, according to the lads' accounts, sufficiently material to enable them to recognise him, though they assert he had somewhat of a skeleton look about him. If he is destined for a time to walk the earth, it is to be hoped he will not see the in dentures of these apprentices broken, which it is shrewdly suspected by many is the cause of the mysterious appearance of the spirit. , At the half-yearly ehange of offices of the Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodge, M.U.. the following brethren were duly elected to fill the various offices for the ensuing six months, viz.: — N.G-, Br Henderson ; Y.G., Br Pritcbard ; GAL. Br Pearson ; secretary, Br Lewis : medical officer, DrEmbling; chemist, Br Macgowan. The balance- sheet for last , half-year was read to the dodge, and shows £17 17s 2£d to the credit of each member. Appeals against the general rate in the city will be heard to-day at the police court. A lodge of Good Templars, under the name of Court Good Intent, will be opened at Haddon ou "Wednesday evening. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Fire Bri gade, last night, Mr C. Franz was elected captain for the third time. A report of the meeting will be found elsewhere. At the (half-yearly change of offices of the P.A.F.S.O. V . No. 6 Lodge, the following brethren were elected, viz.: — Br Moorhouse. P.M.: Br Phillipson, W.M.; Br Rowselk D.M.; Bra Morgan and "Williams, elders: Br? Cross and Bailey, guar dians ; Br Anderson, chaplain ; Br Hlingwortb, secretary; Br Bloor. treasurer ; Brs Brown and Bloore, chemists ; medical officer, Dr Radcliffe. This is the day of general entry and acceptance for the handicaps in connection with the Steeple chase Meeting at Dowiing Forest on Thursday week. A tea meeting and concert, under the auspices of the Australian Order of Good Templars, wdl be held tins evening in the Templars' Hall, Sturt street. The chair will be taken by the Hon. F. Longmore, MX.A. Mr Fairhurst, manager of the Workmen's Hall, Melbourne, visited Ballarat ou Saturday, for the purpose of arranging for the formation of si Work ing Men's Association in this town. We believe that a number of operatives sympathise with movement, and that, in the course of a day or so, a meeting will be held to give it local form and shape. Mr Fairhurst returned to Melbourne yes terday. At the Town Police Court yesterday morning, the old man John Boyd, alias Stewart, who pre sented a valueless cheque to Mr Taylor on Satur day last, was sent to gaol for three months. The woman who stole the bottle of morphia from Dr Bartleman's was sentenced to a fortnight's im prisonment ; whilst the Chinese who was bronght up for attempting to rob the sluice-boxes of Brooks and party, at Canadian Gnliy, was discharged, the evidence being insufficient to convict him. At the Eastern Police Court yesterday morning Clarence Charles Staiieigh, who had been arrested In Adelaide, charged with forging and uttering a - cheque for £82 10s, was remanded to Gordon. i Hie girl named Jane Morrison, who been onoe or twice before the Town Police Court, and who, it will be remembered, threatened to poison herself, was brought before the bench again yes- eri«y-f vLhaprtgil u u.rppa',%, keenine; of her he would take better care' of her in future. ''At the meeting of the' Smythesdale Borough Council on Friday, it was resolved that the council should snbscribe henceforth £1 Is a year to the Ballarat School of Mines. As the " widow's mite," this example should not be lost on other public bodies. The Ballarat Turf Club, through its secretary, made an application at the meeting of the Ballarat- shire Council yesterday, for the remission of £7 10s rates levied upon the clnb's property at the Dowiing Forest Racecourse. The council failed to see the justice of the application, and unanimously resolved not to grant the request. We publish in our advertising columns the pro gramme of prizes, &c.;, of the Mount Bolton Annual Ploughing Match, which will be held on the farm of Mr W. Harrison, Springs, on Tuesday, the 15th instant. The match will he under the auspices of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society. It will be seen by advertisement elsewhere that Mr Parker, who lately carried on business as a boot and shoe maker nearly opposite the City Fire Brigade Hall, wiU shortly open Mr Haul's late shop, nearly opposite this office, as a toy and fancy establishment. The question of whether the Benevolent Asylum : Committee shall undertake the ».«! of converting ' the old Mining Boardroom into a casual night- : ward, was under discussion at the meeting last Djght, and was left in'the hands of a sub-committee to report at next meeting. The Telegiapk states that Mr Fitzherbert, the librarian of the Ballarat Edst Public Library, has been in Melbourne during the last few days effect ing large purchases of new books for one of the moSt useful institutions in Victoria.'' _ We are disposed to think the public is benefiting far more by the pictorial competition now afloat in Melbourne than the proprietors of the respective illustrated papers. The Illustrated Australian News for this month appeared yesterday, and ihe wonder is, after looking over its numerous piptes, " how the thing is done for the money." A tinted map of Melbourne and snburbs, showing the bay and shipping, is worth more than the whole paper is charged for. There are a large number, how ever, of other engravings in the body of the pub lication. Amongst the most interesting are views of the demonstration on behalf of the jumped claims at Pleasant Creek, and an excellent copy of the picture of the " Italian Brigands " in the Victorian Art Gallery. A very faithful view is also given of the laboratory in the Ballarat School of Mines. It has very generally been conceded (writes the Oeelang Advertiser) that the growing of nw could not be profitably undertaken in this colony. The fact, however, has at length been demon strated that maize can be profitably cultivated and grown, not merely on the warm and w-ell -sheltered land of the interior, bnt on the bleak sea -coast. Mr James Shields, of Jan Juc, has forwarded us a sample of excellent maize which .he bn. just harvested, and a portion oE which has already been placed in the market at 5s per bushel IVom a field of forty acres, he has obtained an average of fifty bushels per acre. Mr Shields has had some experience in the growing of maize in New South Wales, and this .fact, in all probability, accounts to a great extent for his success. His expense for seed in sowing the forty acres was only - £1, and so thoroughly convinced is Mr Shields that maize will pay better than .any other crop in this district, that he intends planting it on a much more'extensive scale next year. i As an example of the' amount of labor which some of the country clergymen have to 'undergo, ' the Pastoral Times remarks that the Bev. Father O Keeffe received a telegram at Deniliquin, sum moning him to the deathbed of Mr John Ledwidge. The minister immediately rode off and reached Hay to be in time, and then rode baekto Denili quin to attend to his "duties — a journey of 160 miles over tracks, by courtesy - denominated " roads," which are just like ploughed fields after heavy rains. .We may say, appropriately enough, , ' that rider and horse did well. The turret-ship Cerberus, which left the Bay for Pott Phillip Heads on Tuesday last, returned (the Argus says) to lier moorings on Saturday. The shot practice with her guns at the 1400 -yards range and 2000 yards was considered highly satis factory, and so also was the small-arms <». Of the number of large shots fired only two were recovered, and bn& of these was embedded some 30 feet in the bank behind the target. A.gentJfmapjm.Salfc has received pletter .from which we (Grpps Land Mercury) mRkp the follnwing extracts,:—',' J was one of the -crew of the ship . Indiaman, which hoarded the O-spreyjust after Bhe picked up "the survivors 'of the Bella, arid Mr'TlcS-, borne was the only passenger on board. I 'saw him seven years afterwards at Shady Creek, near the Fern Tree Gullies. Ihe Osprey arrived in the Bay a week after the Tndiaman, and anchored a quarter of a mite from us. The Tndiaman was owned by Messrs Burnie and Co., Montrose, Scot land." The following ingenious method of rescuing oneself, after bring lost In the bush, is described by the Northern Miner, a Queensland paper : — " On Sunday morning last some sensation was rested in the Towers township by the news that the Bev. Father Burgiratie was lost in the bush, having wandered away on the previous day and not fonnd his way hack again. Inspector Mariow and his black troopers went promptly in search, as also a large body of men. Bnt his reverence was up to the emergency, or camping out had sharpened his wits ; for, on Sunday, coming across a horse, an idea struck him that if it was started it would make for home. No sooner said than done; away went horse, and away went his reverence ; and the result was as he anticipated — the horse bronght him home safely, and we bear, moreover, without encountering any of the searchers. The idea was not -a bad one, and is worthy of publishing." ." War to the knife " is the cry (says the Pastoral Times') between the lessee of Moira ran (the Hon. John O'Shanassy) and the free selectors thereon — viz., Mr Joachim and his family. Mr O'Shanassy went to Sydney, and, it is alleged, "worked the oracle" with the Government Land Office there — whatever that may mean — and he has been running his sheep over the selections taken up by Mr Joachim's family. So this act took, or is about to take, Mr Joachim to "Sydney to " work the oracle" in the shape of filing half a dozen bills or so in equity against the modem Eycnrgns of Victoria, who managed to escape from his own Land Act — a giant rnnningaway from his shadow ! — a modem Danton boltingTrom " the Mountain." Squatters and free selectors look on at this contest with mingled feelings of merriment and affected sympathy. Tis a pretty little quarrel as it stands, and is likely to cost a good deal of money, and not a little vexation:- They say that , the' selector in this case is a very 'cute man, but the great O'S. is 'cuter. The Wagga Wagga Express states that "the ' bunyip' has again been seen twice within the last three months in the waters of Cowel Lake— in March last by a party of surveyors, whose account can be relied upon, who were out in a boat, and saw the animal about 150 yards off. They de scribe it to havb a head something resembling a human bring — or, in their own words, ' like an old man hlackfellow, with long dark-colored hair.' When seen it appeared to be going in a straight direction, rising out of the water so that they could see its shoulders, and then diving as if in the chase of fish, and rising again at intervals of about six or eight yards, and diving again. They tried to get closer to it, but could not for the pace it was going ; consequently conld give no description of it lower than the shoulders. They say the animal did not appear to be afraid of them, but most likely it must have been so intent npon its occupation that it never noticed them. Another, a black- fellow and a white man, who were out in a canoe, say they saw it about a fortnight since. They agree in giving the same description of the kead and hair as-ihat given by the surveyors. The puimgl was swimming straight towards them, and when it saw them, dived and disappeared." Some news for Maryborough (the Tdegrap says) is published in the New York Tribune. We are told that an Englishwoman in Paris is about to publish a book containing tbe details of a doc trine resembling the metempsychosis of the ancients. According to this fair author, the soul released by death wanders about through space for any num ber of years until it is ready to be embodied again. "The duration of these wanderings depends upon the conduct of the wanderers before death. The more wicked a soul is, the longer it has to travel. The anchor herself is informed by a " communica tion" from a former attendant that more than 3000 years B.C. 'she was an Abyssinian princess, and a very ugly and disagreeable one too. Another of the believers in this doctrine has represented him self to "be John Huss" returned to earth. What one is going to be on earth several thousand years hence is an exhilarating conundrum to guess. A number of letters are still crowded out, for which we hope to find room in a day or two. 