THE FALSE LOVER. BT AWT RANDOLPH. ' I thine it must be almost time for him to come now ! ' Gertrude Fisher glanced up at the clook, a tiny mother-of-pearl, resting in a tangled mass of gilded wheat and ivy-leaves, be neath an elaborate glass-shade; the hour hand was fast verging on the figure eight. And then Gertrude sighed softly to herself, and once more took up the bit of delicate ueoui«wur& wuu vrmuu sue was uraupyiug herself. Gertrude was a tall, noble- looking girl, with jet-blaok hair brushed plainly back from her clear, pale face, and features pure snd emotionless as those of a olasBic statue. Her dress was of a rich wine-colored silk; but very simple, and the garnet ornaments that she wore, set in heavy Etruscan gold, seemed peculiarly adapted to her style of beauty. All the fittings and appointments of the room around her were elegant and luxuri ous, betokening the refinements of wealth. The carpet was of a soft pearl-gray, with white buds strewn over it, delicately shaded into crimson ; the walls were gray, panelled with gold, and the furniture was of darkly veined rosewood, upholstered with gray velvet ; while the pictures, hanging from a gilded rod which ran around the inner edge of the cornice, the statuettes on their carved brackets, and the alabaster vases, filled with rare trailing ferns and hothouse blossoms, were selected with the utmost taste and care. For Gertrude Fisher was an heiress, Bnd she had learned the best and truest way of en joying wealth. The time seemed to pass away very slowly as she sat there, listening to the silver tick of the clock, and the occasional fall of a glowing cinder from the grate into the polished fender below, and waiting for her engaged lover to make his appearance. ' He is not often as late as this,' thought Gertrude, drawing out her little jewelled watch and comparing it with the clook, with a sort of unacknowledged hope that the mother-of-pearl dial was too fast. But no ; the two timepieces tallied exactly, and Ger trude had no refuge but to sigh again, and blame herself for being too exigeant. 'Of course I cannot expeot him to measure time by the second ! ' she said. But nevertheless she did feel a little disappointed. ' I wonder where Cecile is,' mused Gertrude. ' Even her merry, unreasoning chat would be better than this dead silence and loneli ness. I suppose she has gone up to her room for the night ! ' But Cecile Moore had not gone up to her own room, as her cousin supposed. She was in the little reception-room down stairs, and George Tracy was with her — the re creant for whose coming sweet Gertrude sighed in vain. Cecile was as different from Gertrude as a glancing fire-fly is from the steady glow of a star, or a babbling, sparkling, stream from the silver surface of a lake. She was small, and perfectly shaped and piquant, with golden hair and a transparent skin, and those peculiar turquoise-blue eyes which so often accompany a blonde style of beauty. She had come to New York, at Gertrude's invitation, to spend the winter with her, and Gertrude's generosity had supplied the soft blue merino which she wore, with its sapphire velvet trimmings, and even the set of pink coral which relieved her waxen skin with its deep rose tint. Gertrude had grown very fond of Cecile, whom she regarded as a sort of plaything — a live doll, or a tiny white kitten — and Cecile found her cousin's luxu rious home a pleasant contrast to the dreary farm-house, where her uncle and his second wife barely tolerated her as nurse, seam stress, and general drudge to their many children. 'Answer me, Cecile,' persisted George Tracy, holding both her small white hands in his, and looking directly into the tur quoise-blue eyes. Cecile struggled to es oape. ' George, how can you ? What would Gertrude say ? ' ' I don't care two straws what Gertrude says! I am only interested in you, mia carrira. Tell me — do you love me ? ' 'George I ' ' For I love you, little pet, better than all the world besides. There, it's out now, and I don't care who knows it.' Cecile put her hand on her lips, with an apprehensive glance toward the door. ' Why is this ? ' he asksd. ' She must not know, George. I should be sent home to-morrow ! ' 'Then you will try and love me dearest ? ' he pleaded. She gave him a glanoe from beneath her long, ourled eyelashes — a glanoe, half tender, half coquettish, and entirely be wildering. George Traoy had been waver ing and uncertain before ; now he lost his self-possession entirely. And while Ger trude sat waiting and wondering in the drawing-room above, George and Ceoile arranged the treaoherous plan whioh was to wreok her happiness for ever, with calm, smiling faces, and voioes whioh never fal tered onoe. ' Sarah, go up-stairs and call Miss Moore to the breakfast-table,' said Gertrude the next morning to the waiting-maid, who had brought in the hissing urn. ' She is later than nsnal.' . Sarah went accordingly, but presently re* turned with a scarlet face. ' She's not in her room, ma'am, and the bed's not been slept in.' And that was the last Gertrude Fisher heard of her cousin Cecile and her betrothed husband, George Traoy, for long, sad years. What did she do? What do people generally do when the weight of a great misfortone falls upon them, crushing the very life and vigor out of their hearts? They suffer and endure, and live on. Ger trude did this ; and after the first bitterness had died out of her nature— a kindly and a generous one — she even learned to think forgivingly of George and the little blue eyed girl she had so loved and cherished. And so the bloom of her first youth passed sway, and Bhe settled peacefully down into a soft-voioed, tender-eyed old maid, for Gertrude's was not one of those facile natures whioh oan graft a new love on to an old disappointment and be happy, after all has come and gone. It was toward the close of a lowering day in Deoember that Miss Fisher's ooupi, closely shut, and cushioned with velvet^ drew up in front of one of those fashion em poriums where ladies delight in congregat ing. V***laTnn D*Anbri herself came forward to greet the rich hetresi. ' Ig my drees finished, madame Madame would inquire. Would W'f Fisher be seated ? Presently she returned, in a fit of French gesticulating despair. ' It was through no fault of hers ; but Miss Bliss the forewoman had allowed the seamstress to take it home to finish, as she had a sick husband whom she oould not leave, and they were starving — yes, abto lutement starving,' cried Madame D'Aubri, with a fluttering motion of her flexile fingers. ' But it should be sent for imme diately, the robe of sou gris, and it was the last, the very last time that a dress should ever be allowed to go oat of the establish ment.' ' Never mind, madame,' said Miss Fisher good-humoredly ; 'it really is a matter of no great moment. Fortunately I have other dresses.' ] And she re- entered her carriage, followed by madame, apologizing all the way. j Gertrude had nearly reached her home, when she pulled the check-string, and told the driver to go back to Madame D'Aubri's. j 'I suppose it is foolish,' she thought within herself ; ' but I can't help thinking of that poor seamstress with her siok hus band.' Madame D'Aubri was astonished by the seoond appearance of Miss Fisher. 'The address? I will obtain it of Miss Bliss,' she said, 'if you will kindly wait.' Presently she came back, rustling behind the counter, with a bit of paper, whioh she gave to Miss Fisher with a low courtesy. Gertrude glanced at it. 'A bad neighborhood, I should judge,' she remarked casually. 'O, opprobrious indeed!' assented Mad ame, who was a little uncertain in the use of English adjectives. Gertrude gave the paper to her coachman, with directions to him to prooeed direotly thither. It was nearly dark when she reached the number indicated — a tall tenement house, apparently all windows and doors, and built of stained, discolored brick. 'Fourth floor, front room, No. 11,' said her direction; and gathering her silken skirts clorely round her, Miss Fisher mounted the steep stairs, where, to judge from ap« pearances, brooms and soap-suds were alike ignored. She knocked softly at the door of No. 11. A hollow-eyed little child, scantily dressed, opened it just far enough to peep through. Gertrude could see the murky glimmer of a kerosene lamp on the table, and the sullen glow of an insufficient fire in a tiny cylinder stove. The room was small and close, and bore the aspect of the wretohedest poverty. ' I have come here in search of a seam stress who works for Madame Celeste D'Aubri,' said Gertrude. ' Mamma ! ' said the little child, doubt fully ; but she opened the door a fraotion wider, and Gertrude entered. A woman was sewing on the identical robe de soic gris, with intent eyes and flying fingers. A man lay stretched motionless on the bed, with a sheet pulled over his faoe, and his back towards them. 'You are in trouble,' said Gertrude gently, trying to accustom her eyes to the dim, uncertain light. The woman made a fretful motion of her elbow, but never looked up. ' Don't disturb me ! ' she said petulantly. ' I am free at last ; but I can't bury hint until I've done this job and got the money.' 'Cecile! Cecile Moore ! ' The woman looked up at length, pushing baok the flaxen hair that hung wildly over her eyes. 'Who is it that knows me by my old name ? ' she demanded. ' I am your cousin Gertrude ! ' There was something in her voioe and manner that made Cecile drop her work and rise hurriedly to her feet. The next moment she was sobbing convulsively in Gertrude's gentle arms. ' O, Gertrude,' she wailed, ' I wronged you cruelly; but I was cruelly punished. If you but knew how miserable, how . poverty-strioken I have been ! And he,' with a shudder, 'he beat me, and drank and gambled, and squandered my wretched earnings ; but he is dead now — thank heaven, he is dead t ' ' When did he die ? ' asked Gertrude, - inexpressibly shocked. ' Half an hour ago.' Gertrnde went to the side of the couch and looked at the faoe of her dead lover— the man she had so worshipped yean and years ago. It was old and haggard now, with sunken features and strange set lines round the mouth and brow. And as she stood shuddering there, the last spark of tha love she had cherished for so many years died out for ever. She had forgiven him onoe— now she forgave his memory. 'Ceoile,' she said, turning to heroousiu — alas! how worn and wretched she Was, with not a relio of her old beauty remaining — 'you must come home with me, you and your child.' ' With you, Gertrude ? ' ' With me, Nay, don't shrink away ; I have forgiveo you.' And she bent to press a kiss upon tha brow that had been so waxen fair onoe; while the little one, taught by a child's un erring inBtinct, clung close to her skirts.' ' O, Gertrude,' sobbed Oeoile, ' I think you must be like the angels in heaven ! ' In all the pain and bitterness of her first bereavement, Gertrude Fisher had never wished for revenge ; but she had it now, full . and complete. George Tracy lay dead before her eyes, and Oeoile wept upon her breast! Explosion of Dfn amite. — On Monday morning, the 13th January, an aooident attended by fatal consequenoes ooourred at the Moonta mines, South Australia, by an explosion of dynamite. James Williams, workman, and James Purling, a lad, had been employed at an early hour in hauling water from Bochan's whip- shaft, and along side of the mouth of the shaft there was ? small paling hut to which at three o'clook they retired for what miners call ' crib,' or - refreshment. In the hut was a dust OK looker whioh contained, besides various articles of underground clothing, about a - pound weight of the new explosive oompotmd known as dynamite, and two cans each hold- ? ing six or seven pounds of ordinary blasting* powder. Williams, it seems, from whatba subsequently stated, plaoed on tha looker ? : lighted candle, at the bottom end of whioh - was probably attached a lump of moist olaty i the nsnal substitute with nndstgcoaai .-1 workers fw a candlestick. the man and boy both fell asleep, leaving the candle burning. Gradually as it burnt away the flame reached the chest, which being composed of deal, dry as match-wood, quickly ignited. Soon the dynamite ex ploded with terrifio violenoe, bloving the hut clear away, and hurling Williams and tbe youth a distance of several yards. This happened at about four p.m. Two or three men from Ryan's engine-house, which is near, rushed to the scene of tbe disaster, and found the man and boy rolling ia agony on a heap of stones. The sufferers, who were lacerated all over, and whose clothes Were torn to ribbons, were conveyed with all possible speed to their respective homes, and promptly attended by Dra. Herbert and John Goss. The lad, although severely hurt in several places, is expected to recover ; but for Williams there was not the slightest hope of restoration from the first. In addi tion to being cut and bruised from head to foot, a portion of his chest large enough to admit the insertion of a man's hand was torn away in such a manner as to expose his stomach. The sufferer was aged about twenty-five years, and had intended to marry shortly. It ia a singular circumstance that no explosion of the powder took place. The cans, battered end broken, and with some of their contents scattered over the ground, were blown to a considerable distance ; but the combustible escaped ignition. Frag ments of the locker all ablaze were found in various directions after the explosion, afford ing abundant proof that the wood must have been set on fire by the candle. An inqimst was subsequently held on the body of Wil liams, when the following verdict was re turned : — 'That the deceased James Henry Williams died from injuries received by an explosion of dynamite and primer, a candle alight at the time having set fire to the box in which it was contained.' Remarkable Phenomenon-. — An extra ordinary celestial phenomenon in thus de scribed by the Lexington Free Press, an American journal : — Shortly after the sun had passed tbe meridian a dim hazy halo gathered about the sun. This is a natural phenomenon of frequent occurrence, and attracted but little attention. Soon however the mist or halo increased in density and assumed a yeilowish glare. The outer edge of the mist separated from the main body and formed a well-defined circle, in which the tints of the rainbow were visible. A second, and a third, and a fourth ring of variegated colours formed in quick succes sion. By this time the heavens were the centre of attraction. All eyes were turned upward, and all over the city crowds of people collected in the streets and strained their necks and eyes to got a good view of the wondrous scene. Close observers soon discovered a more wonderful phenomenon than the parti-coloured circles. From the inner circles small spheres of a brilliant white colour were being shot forth in count less numbers. Some of them struggled slowly to the surfuce of tho mist, aud then Bailed slowly and gracefully to the earth in a direct lino. Others were propelled in dif ferent directions with greater force and rapidity. As they sailed earthward the glittering globules grew less brilliant, and at the (apparently) height of half a mile they disappeared entirely from view. This wondrous display of celestial pyrotechnics oontinued for several hours, and was wit nessed by nearly every man, woman, and child in the city. The emotions excited by the magnifioent spectacle, more grand than any earthly pageant, were various. Among the ignorant and superstitious the wildest Blarm was created ; the day of judgment had surely arrived, and many were the hearty attempts to atone for a lifetime of mis deeds by an hour's repentance. Various theories were offered in explanation of the Strange speotacle; but none of them were satisfactory. Fatai Syncope Arising from Want of Stimulants. — A very painful case of sudden death, occurring in Serjeants' Inn, Fleet street, was inquired into by the coroner on November 11. The deceased, Mr. Thomas Price Davies, was the younger son of a highly respectable Welsh family resident at Bangor. Articled about two years since to Mr. Williams of 3, Serjeants' Inn, he had retained a sleeping apartment in that house, making only occasional use of it. Just re turned from a two months' holiday tour in Scotland on November 9, he was admitted by the porter of the inn shortly before mid night, and appears to have retired to rest in Serfect health. Not appearing at his usual our next morning, Mr. Williams directed a polioe officer to force the apartment (the door of which was bolted on the ioBtde), when the deceased was discovered quite dead and cold. His watch and some gold and silver money had been placed upon his dressing-table. The bed-clothes were scarcely disturbed, and the only evidence exhibited of any natural effort was the fact of tbe deceased's head reclining over the side of the bed. A post- mortem examination disoloBed the remarkable fact that the brain and most of the other organs were in a per fectly healthy condition, but that the stomach was entirely devoid of alimentary susten ance of any kind. Dr. Thompson of Ser jeants' Inn, who superintended the examina tion,' gave it as hie decided opinion that the heart of the deceased was of imperfect power, and that the absence of any stimulating elements in the stomach must have induced a state of syncope from which ahe never rallied: The jury, whilst expressing deep sympathy with the father of tbe deceased, who was present, upon this representation immediately returned a verdict of ' natural death.' Miss O'Neill. — The news of the death of Mise -O'Neill arrived by tbe last mail. The Athsnssum gives the subjoined short but pithy biography of the great Juliet : — In 1813 there was a delicate young girl pain fully etrolling, under the management of a rollicking father, from one Irish torn to another. Drogheda has the reputation of having seen in her the bright promise which she .afterwards realised. Meanwhile, she played princesses by night, and occasionally spent part of her days without shoes or stockings. The company her father ruled was destitute of nearly everything a player requires ; but &r; all difficulties he had one remedy. Whether Juliet wanted a skirt or the! ghost of Hamlet's father a suit of arm Mr,' the manager invariably remarked, ' enre, there'e no difficulty at all. Put on a great coat, and you'll do very well.' Father and slaughter were doing very ill in Dublin, half-starving, while they waited for look, wh«mi it same to the latter all of a sudden. the theatrical heroine of die hoaft-nrfuseitP act unless at an adnnoed salary. The manager was in despair when he heard of the priceless pearl that was to be had for nothing. Miss O'Neill was iorth with attached to the Dublin Theatre, where she excited such sensations of delight that the Irish capital was beside itself. Forth with, Covent Girden obtained her services. In October, 1814, Miss O'Neill made her debut as Juliet, and London acknowledged a new charm. Her grace, sweetness, delicacy, refinement, were things that London play goers had long been strangers to. In her first season she ran through a line of characters which filled the town with admi ration and poor Mrs. Siddoas with disgust. The career of the new actress was as brief as it was brilliant. It closed in July, 1819, with her performance of Mrs. Haller, and with the announcement that she would not play again till Christmas. But marriage intervened, and Miss O'Neill never appeared again. She may be said to have united the old stage with the new. She played, as the great Mrs. Barry did, Belvidera, Isabella, Monimia, and Calista. She was also the Bianca of Milman's Fazio, and the original heroine of Shiel's stilted and now-forgotten plays, but plays which included in their cast Young, Charles Kemble, Macready, and Miss O'Neill. Her last season was the last in which Mrs. Siddons acted, that lady re turning to the stage for a night, to play Lady Randolph for her brother Charles's benefit. Miss O'Neill is said, after her mar riage, to have been rather ashamed of her old calling, and to have never referred to it, ignoring even the passages in plays, in which she had been most effective. This is probably exaggerated, for she was present when Miss Kate Terry played Juliet, and sent to her a message of congratulation 'from a Juliet of earlier days.' In Lady Teazle and Lady Townly, and in comedy generally, Miss O'Neill was not groat ; but the gentle and suffering heroines of tragedy never had a more intellectual representative. She was always mistress of herself, and her judgment was supreme over her impulses, hi December, 1819, Miss O'Neill married Mr. Beecher, afterwards Sir William Wrixon Beeeher, Bart., of Ballygiblin, county Cork, who died in 1850. Throe sons and two daughters mourn the loss of a mother who at the time of her death was eighty-one years of age. CniNESE Labour in* En-gland. — Mr. Med hurst, British consul at Sanghai, suggests the possibility of high wages and 6carco labour attracting Chinese workmen to Europe and even to Eugland. He writes : — The Chinese are good agriculturists, mechanics, labourers, and sailors, and pos sess all the intelligence, delicacy of touch, and unwearying patience which are neces sary to render them first-rate machinists and manufacturers. They are, moreover, docile, sober, thrifty, industrious, self-denying, enduring, and peace-loving to a degree. They are equal to any climate, be it hot or frigid ; all that is needed is toaching and guidance, combined with capital and enter prise, to convert them into the most efficient workmen to be found on tho faco of the earth. Tho marvellous energy of which they are capable as mere labourers is more over constantly exhibited at the port of Shanghai, where they have been known to accomplish the discharge of a ship in less time, as I have been assured, than can be effected by dock labourers at home, even with all the appliances of cranes and other wise which these latter have at their disposal. This remarkable aptitude shown by the Chinese for skilled as well as physical labour is worthy the serious attention of both em ployers and workmen in these days of strikes in every department ot British Bkill and industry. If the Chinaman can thus com pete with our artisans and working men in his native country, notwithstanding the many disadvantages which must attend the exercise there of his intelligence and strength, what will he not be able to accomplish when encouraged and taught to rival a foreign antagonist on his own ground, and at a more moderate rate of remuneration than the latter can afford to ? demand ? Should matters go on as they are now doing in Eng land, the labouring and manufacturing classes must not wonder if they find them selves ere long displaced and distanced by the hitherto despised, but not the less practical, useful, and labour-loving China men. Strikes.— Speech of the Right Hon. Robert Lowe, M.P., at Glasgow. — First, I wonld say a word on a subject which is really of a painful and absorbing interest at the present time — that is, the subject of strikes. I do not propose to go into that large and difficult subject at this time — it is impossible to do so ; but I wish to submit to you one observation on a particular kind of strike that I think has not yet been made. It is a very prevalent belief, I find, at this time at least, among the people that I con verse with, that strikes, can permanently raise the price of manufactured commodities ; and, further, that strikes so permanently raising them can be beneficial to the working classes. I wish to eay two or three words on this subject, beoause I believe that neither of these propositions is capable of being maintained in argument. (Cheers.) Ton must remember that when there is a demand for any particular article or commodity, that demand is not for the article in the abstract, it is not an absolute demand for that article — it is a demand for that article at a particular price, and if it cannot be obtained at that price a very slight rise will very often materially check and destroy the demand for the article. (Cheers.) Now, that is a thing which, it appears to me, is lost sight of in these speculations about Btrikes. If persons, by striking, only take away a certain portion of the profits of the manufacturer, and the article is not increased in price — I do not enter in the least into the question as to what effect that has — but supposing a strike to increase the price of the article, it is quite evident that just in the proportion as it in creases that price it must diminish the demand for that article. (Hear, hear.) Foreign competition is brought in ; substi tutes for the article eo increased in price are discovered — or if nothing of that kind can be done, people can no longer afford it, and they learn to do without it, and therefore there is considerable diminution in the de mand for that article. How is that to be metP Clearly, less of the article must be manufactured, unless the business is to be come a ruinous one. But if less of it is manufactured, a considerable portion of the labour employed in that manufacture must be taken ont of employ; so that the first step in such a strike is to tarn adrift a number of labourers who before were earn ing their subsistence b j that species of manufacture; and the second step is to give very exaggerated wages for the moment to those who still continue to work in that manufacture. Thus the effect is to sacrifice one part of the trade to the other. But the thing will never stop there. You will then have this state ot things : You bave an article whose price is artificially enhanced, and the demand for which is therefore di minished, and you have a number of persons receiving wages artificially forced up beyond the level of other wages. What muBt be the necessary effect of that ? Why, every in genuity will be exerted, everything that machinery can do, everything that bringing persons from a distance, or bringing goods from foreign countries can do, will be at tempted to beat down that price. Not only, so, but the high wages that have been ex tracted will be an irresistible temptation to other persons to flock to that trade ; and in that way everything for which so much has been sacrificed and so much done, the high rate of wages received by those persons who still continue employed will infallibly be beaten down at least to the level at which it stood before the strike began, and very pro bably much below it. (Cheers.) What will then have been gained by this transac tion? What is gained is, that you have given to a few persons for a short time an exaggerated rate of wage9, while ou the other hand you have turned a number of innocent persons out of employment; altogether you disorganised a great branch of industry, and forced capital from one channel into another ; and the los? is that after all this has been done, and all this sacrifice made for an ob ject so totally inadequate, that that compe tition which it is impossible for you to exclude will beat down the price again to the original level from which it was raised. (Cheers.) The Romance of the Mine. — Some twelve or fifteen years since, a party of men, in their search for gold amongst the King Parrot Creek range*, within about a dozen miles of Seymour, oame across a vein of what they believed at the time a slaty substance, at a depth of about fifty feet, and threw away the stuff as useless, and subsebuently aban doned tbeir search for gold in the locality. The shaft, which is on a portion of the Ker risdale run, remained until the other day, probably, without a thought being cast upon it, when a very trifling incident ha9 led to its being about to receive some attention. One of the persons who had been engaged in working it formerly happened to be at the Kilmore station, and whilst waiting for tbe up train to arrive, be saw some stuff in bags there which at once reminded him of the stuff which he had found years before. Ha made inquiries as to what use that peculiar-looking stuff was, and upon being informed that it was antimony, he at once resolved to pay a vi«it to tbe abandoned ground. He did so, and entered the shaft by means ot tbe old ladder, which still remained, and brought to tbe surface a few small lumps of really supe rior antimony ore, which we subsequently bad the pleasure of inspecting. The lumps were taken from a vein which must be at least one foot in thickness, and we believe a local com pany at Kilmore is at once being floated to commence active operations upon what appears to be a precious find. — Seymour' Express. Lothair. — When Mr. Disraeli, in the leisure of his later years, bethought himself of writing a novel (says the Daily News), his long experience of the tastes and predi lections of English society suggested to him that he could do no better than fill his canvas with Duchesses. Without an array of Dukes and Duchesses, reminding one of a j tulip-garden or a show of dahlias, the ad ventures of a dull-brained lout with £300,000 a year could scarcely have proved attractive to an English audience. Imperial Pensioners in the Colonies. — The United Service Gazette, in reference to the payment of pensions to the pensioners in the colonies, observes:— ' Judging from a letter we have received from Adelaide, it seems to be desirable that a little inquiry should be made by the home authorities into the manner in which the payment of the pensions of discharged soldiers is carried on. There are, it appears, about 200 of them in Adelaide, and since the withdrawal of the control officers from that station the payment of the pensioners has devolved on a local treasurer. Our correspondent informs us that frequent delays occur in paying the men, and that they sometimes suffer much inconvenience in consequence. A matter of a far more serious character, as involving an important principle, is also mentioned, viz., that one of the local officers took upon him self to stop the pension of Sergeant-Major James Quinn (late depot, 55th regiment), on account of some complaint, allegation of misconduct, or of tyrannical treatment, made by the sergeant-major against the pensioner's clerk, and that the home authorities subse quently confirmed their representative's act, and deolared the sergeant-major's pension forfeited for eighteen months. Now, with out entering into the question whether the statements made by the original complainant are correct or not, or as to whether reports have been kept back, and their place sup plied by incorrect or one-sided accounts (all of which is alleged), it must be acknow ledged taking a man's pension away who has been convicted neither of any felonious act or gross fraud is a measure which is ecarcely iu accordance with the pension war rant, and one that may affect other pensioners besides the one directly concerned. It is true that gross misconduct proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners of Chelsea hospital does, according to the warrant, in volve forfeiture ; but we doubt if that phrase was intended to refer to such a case as this. Pensions that are in all oases so hardly won ought not to be lightly withdrawn ; and if acts like these are permitted, no pensioner will feel himself secure.' A New Claimant. — In the court of ses sion, Edinburgh, an action bas been raised by William Stephen John Fulton, at pre sent residing in Edinburgh, against Archi bald William Montgomerire, Earl ot Eglin ton, to have himself declared heir to the Eglinton estates. The pursuer was for merly in the 8 th Hussars, and served in tbe Orimea. On Friday he presented a petition to the conrt to be admitted to the benefit of the poor-roll. It was remitted to the sheriff to inquire into the circumstances of die case, and to take the usual preliminary steps. Celery as a Nervine.—- A correspondent of the Practical Farmer says: — 'I have known many men, and women too, who, from various causes, had become eo much affected with nervousness that when they etretohed ont their hands they shook like aspen-leaves on windy days ; and by a duly i moderate use of the blanohed footstalks of the celeiy leaves as a salad they beoome as strong and steady in limbs as other people. ' I have known others so very nervous that . tbe least annoyanoe put them in a state of ' agitation, and they were in almost constant perplexity and fear, who were effectually .cured by a daily moderate use of blanched : celery as a salad at meal-times. I have known others cured by using celery for pal pitation of the heart. j Ants in Brazil. — A correspondent of the Boston Globe, writing from Brazil, says there is a speoies of ant in that oountry whose visits are very muoh to be dreaded, for they come iu countless numbers, fre quently taking possession and overrunning a dwelling, when in their traok, driving the inmates therefrom and destroying eatables on the premises. When seen approaching, tliey can only be stopped or tbe head of the column turned by fire ; they will succeed in passing every other barrier. On ascending the Ce roovardo we discovered a colony of them crossing the roadway high up on the mountains. They were coming from above, crossing the road, and descending on the other side. They oame in a column three or four inches wide, as thick as they could be packed and rushing along with great rapidity. How long they had been passing before we saw them is of course unknown ; but four hours later the stream was un abated and seemingly inexhaustible. We found it impossible to break the line without its being immediately reformed. They seemed to know by instinct the direction taken by those passed, and never deviate in the slightest from the proper route. The attempt was also attended with some incon venience if great care was not taken, for the stream never stopped ; it kept pouring down, and iu a very short time you found yourself surrounded, and in some danger of being overrun, if not captured . yourself. It is said they will remove the flesh from the carcase of an ox or horse in a fow hours, leaving the bones perfectly polished. Spreading. — This morning, at a quarter past two, Mr. Frederick Larker junior, on arriving at the family residence, found that the long- threatened 'lock-out '' had taken place. ' Beware of Widders, Sam.' — It is stated by a colonial journal that four-fifths of tbo widows in Canada marry again within two years and a half after their bereavement. No wonder it is difficult to persuade men to emigrate to Canada. The Eight Meaning. — A contemporary, which hails from the other side of the Atlantic — it's obliged to hail, as nobody reigns in America — observes with great force—' Don't borrow a newspaper ; nearly all the prevailing epidemics are spread in this way. If you don't want the small-pox take your paper direct.' The explanation of this curious and interesting medical fact is simple. The prevalence of epidemics de pends on atmospheric inlluonces; and the borrowing of papers produces such very mean temperature that nature revolts. A Conversation with the late F. D. Macrice. — ' ' Are you not weary of men t ' I said to him one day. ' If I come to you at any time you lay down your pen or your book, and you let me waste your time, and you who never rest seem to have endless leisure to listen to others and to help them.' ' They teach me more than I teach them,' he answered ; and indeed it was this immense i teachableness which made him so great and I wise a mac. And so ho drew men's load of ! care from them and helped them to bear | their burdens, and many who came to him desponding, and crushed, and heartless, went I from him full of hope and new courage. I [ remember saying to him one day, ' how are we to know when we have got hold of God, because sometimes we seem to have got a real hold upon Him, while at others we can realise nothing?' He looked at me with those eyes which so often seemed to be look ing into an eternity beyond, whilst He said, in his deep and tremulously earnest voice, ' you have not got hold of God, but he has got hold of you.' I shall never forget it. It came like a revelation to me that we were changeable, that we could not measure Him by our feelings, because we were so full of vacillation, fancies, and inconsistencies ; but that He was the Changeless One, who had got hold of man, and would never let him go. That has been a strange comfort to me in all my intellectual difficulties, in all my moral and spiritual wanderings ; the thought that this great Father has got hold of us His children, that in His pitiful and pitiless love He will put us into eternal fire, plunge us into hell after hell, until we have got hold of Him and cling to Him to be delivered from ourselves, our selfishness, and our sin.' — Rev. W. S. Haweis. Drunken Liberality. — A curious ques tion has arisen in the law courts at Wash ington as to the liability of a gentleman, married when in a state of intoxication, and who having, as he alleges, conveyed his property away to his wife under similar circumstances, now seeks to recover it. When the case first came on in the equity court it whs referred to a jury to determine the facts — first, what was the condition of the plaintiff at the time of executing the I instrument ? and, secondly, was undue influence used to procure the execution of the said instrument? The jury found for the plaintiff in both these particulars, whereupon the district supreme court has set aside the deeds. An appeal to the United States supreme court has been taken, so that the question is still pending, and it is to be hoped that the trouble he has incurred will be a lesson to this gentleman in future either to abstain from the excessive use of Btimulants, or to be more careful in his cups, for, although marriage is by some esteemed an excuse for drunkenness, drunkenness can hardly be considered an excuse for marriage or any otber good deed. Some few years ago a gentleman who had been dining, 'not wisely bnt too well,' in the course of the evening drew a cheque for a large amount, and, having signed it, poked it, by means of a stick, into a box placed at the gate of a charitable institution to receive the donations of passera-by. When he regained his sobriety the next morning he remembered with horror his liberality of the previous night, and ad dressed a moving appeal to the managers of the institution in question to restore him tbe amonnt of the cheque, which he found had beeu cashed before he had time to dress himself and drink one bottle of sodawater. As it was found that the unfortunate man had absolutely left himself penniless, the managers it is believed, kindly allowed him a small sum to cany him on until the next quarter, bat the shook was too much for ' him, and after a few days of intense mental ] agony he fell into a state of total abstinence, from whioh he never rallied. — Pall Mall Gazette. Jealousy is at once the meanest and the most unaccountable of vices. What belongs, to us we shall have, inevitably ; and what we want and have not, we shall never win by unreason. If we are lovely, we shall be loved ; and if we are unlovely, we shall not be loved, no matter whether any one takes our place or not. Jealousy of the wealth, the social importance, or tbe happiness of others is alike unaccountable and absurd. Your own house is not lowlier because your neighbour's is two stories higher. . If he should fail and have to give up his oarriage, it would only crowd the omnibus a little more, and by no means provide you with a vehicle. What is it in human nature that makes our poor fare seem poorer beoause our neighbour is eating roast duck and drinking champagne? To envy the love bestowed upon another is equally idle. Hearts keep their accounts, usually, with very tolerable fairness. We shall receive that of which we are worthy, no more — and what is our own, by virtue of our desert, no fate can take away. 