TOWS TALK. j Iris quite au old fashioned notion that an immigrant coming into Australia needs to invest in tho commodity known as colonial experience. That was true enough once, perhaps, but then there were no overland telegraphs, no Mr. 1). Taller-man, and in conse- quence no Australian preserved meats. The doctrine that infants imbibe good or evil principles with their muthera' milk is so natural and traditionally respectable that in this enlightened age I should hope no one will bc found to question it. Nor will anybody care to dispute that a certain kind of colonial experience is acquired by thc intelligent Britishcrintheprocessof masticating Australian meat. I confess that until thc mothers' milk theory was suggested to mo, though, I could not account for thc fact of thc late new arrivals having acquired thc glorious colonial habit of drinking pale brandy. Formerly the immi- j grating Britisher drank nothiug more potent ; than beer, but he has now dispensed with that vulgar beverage, and assiduously cultivates the acquaintance of Martel! and Hennessy, It is ' still moro surprising that a largo per centage ?*of thc weaker vessels have also become recep- tacles for Btroug waters, and eau find room for two or three successive nips as comfort- ably as tho case-hardened toper of tho sterner sex. But I confess it did surprise me to sec British women scarcely out of their teens betraying undue familiarity with King Alcohol, and my astonishment waa only removed by thc recollection that this was the craof high-heeled boots, ladies' walking canes, and women's rights. It was very unkind of the Bench to give those "lovely" sailors two months' imprison- ment, after tlie charming and public osculatory performances of some half-dozen gushing immigrant girls. It is well known that women are the root of all evil, and therefore I am not surprised to learn that thc Lands- borough women, like their Paris con- temporaries during the Commune, were the chief cause of thc disorder. I begin to think that Mr. Daintree has begun the difficult work of trying to please both sides. He surely must be earning thc thanks of thc home people for sending away a class of persons whom they can part from without a tear, and he can hardly fail to gratify tho colonists by scuding them amative young ladies who kiss their lovers publicly in tho street, and in tho full blaze of au hotel bar. And then, too, e shall get eighteen more immigrants than wc pay for. Thc Landsborough seamen have been so enamoured of tho country or thc girls that they think nothing of winning thc dear creatures by serving two months' imprison- ment, Jacob served seven years for his Rachel, and no gallant sailor ought to object to sorviug two months for his flame." How the ship shall get back again is a thing with which we have uo concern. Her captain and owners may e trusted to arrange that rather difficult business. It is sufficient for us that through thc instrumentality of thc girls we have saved tho passages of eighteen able-bodied immigrants in the shape of sea men. That, at £15 per head, is a clear gain, to tho colony of £270, less the cost of gaol rations. It may be hoped an over-scrupulous Bench will not re-commit tho men to the ship at the expiration of their sentences. So the Hon. Craven's moeting at Copperfield was rather a confused affair. Not at all im- probable. The appearauco of Mr. Lidstone Flourishing his butcher's knife was, I should think, not likely to soothe the nerves even of a Good Templar. There is one consolation for tho Copperfielders ; their affairs may be con- fused now, but they will be well straightened up when Craven is clocted. With Craven's exertions, tho improvement in thc old mine, and the able advocacy of the Miner, I think thc prospects of Copperfield arc decidedly brightening. I hear the most affectionate inquiries about Macdonald since Ilea is out of thc field. Tho latter old veteran docs not yet know he is thoroughly beaton, but tho voters do, and 1 think few sporting men would even tako big odds on the candidate. I regard it as uow morally certain that sweet William's £20 will go to tho Consolidated Revenue, and also go a little way towards thc expense of thc Blackall election. Mr. Smith, I am glad to hear, is indefatigable. He is determined to be oue of those mortals who deserve if they cannot command success. Aud if failure attend his disinterested labours, his right ann, he tells us, will not have lost its cunning, nor will the Tropical Orchard have ceased to pro- duce, pumpkins. Janies, 1 am sure, wishes nobody any hann, but ho would not be at all sorry if Macdonald's illness lasted till thc nomination. I cannot understand how anybody can question thc yet unfulfilled prophecy that Fyfe will be re-elected. But there seems to he some doubt iu the minds of some of his supporters. Feez, in my opinion, must win, his political programme is so extremely liberal and comprehensive. But perhaps Albrecht does not shine in print. I have uo doubt he will do better on the platform, and summarily extinguish thc presumptuous opponent who has dared to take thc field without his permission. That was rather "cheeky" of Buzacott, I con- fess ; and I am delighted to see that a spirit of Press rivalry has not been allowed to throw a veil over his disqualifications. A certain journalist lias never displayed a spirit of Press rivalry hitherto, and it was hardly to bc expected when he thought there appeared a chance of getting rid of an opponent. I don't think thc Bulletin was happy in rofarring to Stephens, Parkas, and Vogel, and it would have boen only candid to say that John Fair- fax has been twice defeated in his attempts to enter the Sydney Parliament. The Bulletin should have tackled Bob Lowe at once, but I suppose was not aware of thc fact that that honorablo patriot dropped tho pen as soon as he hail written liiuurclf into thc Chancellorship, or that so long as ho wielded it he was only a "Shorn Sampson." The Great Walter, too, docs very wroug iu controlling the Thunderer from Ids seat in the House of Commons. 1 will take it upon myself to send him the slashing leader published in one of yesterday's papers, and am sure he will resign if ha reads it. Buzacott also must he quite suuffed out. lie must perceive that being unable to " make himself intelligible in public,!* he would be given "an undue preponderance in thc House, and au unfairness in debate." lam a great admirer of logical sequence. lt is pleasing to bear that Bou ruicault never intended to become a candidate ior Rockhamp- ton. So you soe, all that mtobesting palaver iu reply to his reqnisiouists -was so much editorial fustian. He could not ¡rive a decisive answer, because Feez and Arche r were in thc way, but bc could assure thc requisitumists that if ever ho became a candida .tc it would be for election as on UNPAID member. (The capitals, 1 am assured, wt ire hÎB own.) .Malicious people declared the gentleman had not the ghost of a chance, and knew it, and that the requisition was only a little shoppy transaction, you know. But I am glad to learn, even at this late hour, that thc refusal to stand was made en principle, though, like the modest violet, it was for a time left to blush unseen. Everybody knows that Bour cicault is in perpetual terror of commanding too much power, and that he is constantly throwing away thc knife lest he should cut his friends' throats-or bis own. He is mci a modest young man ! I am glad to soe Alderman Sandel sticks to the bridge, and trust in a year or two our worthy citizen will have the honour of chris- tening thc structure. .That confounded steam punt is a source of chronic irritation to at least one hundred eyes, and it would be a charity either to sink or sell it for old iron. 1 fear, too, that while we have the steam punt Livermore aud Pattison will conspire lo stave off thc construction of tho missing link which Alderman Sandel is industriously trying to forge. I BOOMEIIAKG. 