FLOODS.—In consequence of the late heavy rains, the rivers are considerably swollen, and all low-lying lands are more or less inundated. Hadspen bridge was under water on Wednesday, and the road between St. Leonards Station and the township was not passable. Yesterday the waters were rising rapidly, and the farmers were alarmed for the grain just got in. AN ORGAN RECITAL took place at the Mechanics' Hall on Tuesday evening, but inconsequence ofthe inclement character of the weather the attendance was comparatively small. Those who were present, however, enjoyed a treat in listening to the really admirable performances of Mr F. A. Packer on the organ ; which with the assistance of Miss M'Andrew and Mr F. Ferguson as vocalists, accompanied by Mr A. Alexander in bis own inimitable •trip style, rendered m»niWd the entertainment reallv really unique. The gem of the evening was the song, " Pretty robin redbreast," by Miss M'Andrew, with organ accompaniement by Mr Packer. The President of the Institute, Rev. W. Law, announced that on Tuesday evening next, the Eev. E. W. Nye would lecture on "The Poetry of Mrs Barratt Browning. PARLIAMENT stands prorogued till 23rd September. PRIME MEAT.—Messrs. Smith and Hutchinson, of Brisbane-street, aiibeef t,inj. thev have made arrange nounce , . * . \ * ments for a constant supply of prime and lamb, tbe first of the season. A CURIOUS FIND.—A few days since a man who is employed as ploughman ot the farm of Marchington, Breadalbane, went into the shop of Mr Alleo, watchmaker, Brisbane-street, and asked the proprietor if he was a purchaser of old silver. Mr A having answered in the affirmative, the man produced thirty seven old silver coins —dollars—some of which were dated ; as far back as 1604, jmd J.he rest i between that and 1807. The man said he turned the coins up whilst; engaged ploughing in a field at Marcliingtun. They were heavy coins, some being larger than a crown-piec3. How they came into the place where found is a mystery;, but it is not impossible that they were «• planted" there by Mr Brady or some of his pals, when following their noble call; ing in the neighbourhood of the Cucked Hat. Be th*t as it may Mr Allen declined to purchase the dollars; but whe her from a fear that he might be haunted by the v.ndict.ve ghosts of aforesaid bushrangers, or because specie so found is supposed to be claimed by sa V ^ T ' ? T r y I ' m THE ENGLISH CRICKETING TEAM which is coming to Australia consists f n„V A t T ' V " ?° r 1 by ' A C - . Bush, A. h. Br.ce, Jas Southerton, J H. Jupp, R. Humphrey, M. M'lntyre, W. Oscroft, Pinder, Jas. Lillywhite. It is considered a verv strong team. SHOCKING DEATH-A little hoy named Lindsay Guthrie, aged two years and a hair, son of Mr Hugh Guthrie,olH.M, Customs, Melbourne, came by his death in a dreadful manner on Sunday mornin" Julv 27th. Mr and Mrs Guthrie were S : R R M D 0 R T C L I I I D I D C R S E ot JcnetL.. Moore, a nurse. Moore went upstairs about hall-past 12 o'clock, and left deceased io the verandah at the back of the house with his little sifter, who had come nome lrom church. Shortly after she went to look lor deceased, but cuuld not find him anywhere about On going to the water-closet she found Ilic hnriv i„.u - 1. • „ His body floating in the nightsoil. He was taken out at once by Agnes Johnstone, another servant in Mr Guthrie's employ. He had evidently overbalanced himseli and fallen in head first, as his feet were uppermost, and were not soiled. FOG IN MELBOURNE On Saturday evening 26th ult., Melbourne was enveloped in such a thick fog, that to a very great extent the traffic of the city was stopped. Drivers of horses had to travel at a walking pace and even then they found it impossible to find their way with certainty along the public thoroughfares. SODDEN DEATH IN A CHORCH.— On Sunday evening, July 27th, a dreadfully sudden death occurred in the Wesleyan Church, Brunswickstreet, Fitzroy., Mr Samuel Peacock, an old and respected resident eft hat neighbourhood, was seized with a fit just as the service waB commencing, and in a few minutes was dead. He was 77 years of age. BEGGARS ON STRIKE.—A strike, perfectly novel in its wav, has been executed at the city vf Treves. In obedience to an ancient custom, established from time immemorial, the beggars of - the city collect on certain Saturdays in the year to. inarch in procession through the streets f "holy quarter," and conclude fl, • promenade bya united prayer frn JE" welfare of the place, for which th have long received the scarcely Jibe i acknowledgment -of a kreutzer anil On the latest occasion of their dev assemblage the beggars demand?] higher remuneration, ou the gToun, that all the necessaries of Jife L : risen in price, and that a kreut would no longer suffice for the exi" breakfast they were in the habit of joying on the Sjnday alter their hT pilgrimage. The rulers of the cit thought this demand unreasonabf coming from beggars, and refused u accede to the request, but the oth persisted, and at last flatly declined^ pray for the ungrateful town. Xh t was a trump card to the inhabitants! the holy city. To forego thetiL/ honoured prayers would be to brino dewn Divine wrath upon the place i the remuneration was doubled, and'th e prayers now go on as usual. SAD DEATH OP A YODKG PRINCE.—On May 30, news arrivS from Darmstadt that Prince Prederick, the youngest son of ih Princess Alice, had fallen out of n of the palacc windows, and received injuries from which' he has sim> died. As far as can be ascertain*! it would appear that the child »h» was just three years of a-e' bad accompanied by his nurse, ascended to the nursery after his breakfast In that apartment, situated on the'ton floor of the castle, the young prinra managed to climb on to a"chair a £ window, from which, by some mean at present uuaccounted lor he fell! depth' of 40 feet. Every assistant w w of course rendered, but the child died within two hours after the fall , i s irop^ible to say how serious! " the shock may affect the Princess Alice, considering her present delicate ond,tio n T b c - Gazette pu*. Lshed, in consequence ofthe accident, a supplement, ordering the Court go into mourning on June I until the 4ih inclusive L»C*CE.TO» BCKEVOLEKT SOCETT- Return of the number of persons relieved during the week ending August 6tli, 18/3 —23 Men, 65 Women, and 202 Children — Jo,ln Tevelein, Secretary, DR BRIGHTS PH )SPH0DVN T E- m UI>'1'<TUDES OF PEOPLE are ho,,e|«!v ^ ^ S E ^ F ^ - R I T E L T ; : Unfitness for Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want ofPowe r > whose cases admit of a per. b .y ^e ne«, «medy PHOSPHOenergy and life to the enfeebled constitutions ? nd ra P'dly cures every stage of these hitherto ' ncunitl ' e distressing maladies. Sold by and Storekeepers throughoutthe Colonies, from whom Pamphlets conUimor testimonials may be obtained. K-P-CAUTION. —Be particular to ask for DR. BltlGUT'S PHOSPHODYNE as imitations are abroad, " nd BVoid P urcbasin si <f n K'e bottles, the enmQe irticle bein 