PKOTESTANT CATECHISM: AVITH Tl IK l'HOOF.S THEREOF OUT OF THE .SCHtFTURES, IN AVORDS AT LENGTH. We recommend our readers to keep and put together this Wics for use in their families. Exo.usia'e Salvation. ' Q. What is Rome's doctrine as to exclusive salv.atiori? ' - A. Tlnat no man can be s.avcd Avho does not "sincerely hold" Avh.at she calls "this true Catholic faith," set forth in Pius IV. Creed No. 12. Q. Upon Avliat falsehood is this dogma based 1 A. Upon the notion that the church of Rome is the only church of Christ. . Q. Hoav do you refute this falsehood ? A. By .an axipo.al to the Bible, from Avhich it is evident that there Avere many churches beside the church of Rome— those of Corinth, Ephesiis, Pliilixipi, . &c.;, &c.; , to Avhich tho Epistles were addressed ; and by an .ajipeal to history, which shcAvs that at no age of Christianity was the church of Rome the only church. Q! - Hoav is the sinner s.aved. Is it by con nexion Aidtli a church 'I A. No. A church may tell us of the Av.ay to heaven, but it cannot save. Salvation is by faith in Christ.a A xicrson may be baptised, and yet be in the gall of bitterness, as in the case of Simon M.agus.5 A person may have the Holy Sxnrit even Avithout baptism, c a John iii. 3G— He tli.at believeth on thc Soii' hath everlasting life : and ho that believeth not the Son shall not see life ; but -fche Avr.ath of God abidcth on him. Acts xni. 31— And they said. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, .and thou'shalt be saved, and thy house. Romans v. 1— Tlicfefore, being justified by faith, Avc have peace Avith God, through our Lord Jesus Christ : 5 Acts viii: 23— For I porceiA'o that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in tho bond of iniquity. c Acts X. 43— Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptised, which have received the Holy Ghost as A\rell as Ave ? The Rule of ILuth— Tradition. Q. What is the rule of faith . received bv Rome.? ' A. Scripture, and Tradition. Pius TV. Creed Nos:4-2. ' (J; But, practically, does sho not .admit' anotheriaile ? A. Yes. Afraid to commit her members to tScrixiture, even Avitli tradition, sho superadds the teaching of the church,; 'and so the church in re.ality is her rule. Q. What is the meaning of the AVord tradition ? A. It is derived from a Latin AVord Avlncli me.ans "thing cWivered. " The Bible, being deliA'ciod from God' to man, and from genera tion to generation, may be called a tradition. Q. What then does Rome mean by tradition? : A. Slie says the Axiostles sxioke more than tiicy Avrotc. Slio argues that Avhat they spoke Avas of equal authority Avith Avhat they AVrote and she .adds that tradition is Avhat Avas taught above Avhat is Avritton Q. Do yon then .admit that Avhat the Apostles delivered orally Avas of equal authority Avith , Avhat they Avrote ? . -Apostles Avere now alive, I should receive their teaching Avith the same docility as I do the Bible, mt all that any one Apostle might teach. St. Peter taught error, and Avaa Avithstood by Paul. P.aul might teiicli error, and be Avithstood by Peter. Unless Avhen .as in Scripture their teaching was in- ; sxiired. — Ep. P. S. Q. Why then do you not receive the traditions of Rome ? A. iSiniply, hec.ause she cannot prove that her traditions are Avhat the Axiostles deliA'cred. Tho " only record ;)f Apostolic teaching is the Bible. Q. , How docs the inability of the Church of Rome to iiroye her tradition appear ? A. According to her system, tradition Avas lirst oi'ial, thouIi afterwards committed to Avnting in the Avorks of the Fathers. Noav, Avho can trust to mere report ? Q. AVhat do you mean by the Fathers ? A. Gcncr.ally, Christi.an Avriters of the early .ages — the first three, or — as some hold — the first six centuries. \- Q. : What Avritings of the Fathers of the first three centrirics still remain ? A. Very f cav. Many spurious Avorks exist ; but of the genuine, very fcAV. ? Q. 'Who ai'o commonly meant by the Apos- ' tolic F.athers ? i A. Clemens, Ignatius, Barnab.as, Hennas, .and Polyeaip. IQ. Ai'o the aa'orks aa'hich bear their names genuine ? A." Great doobt is entertained on the subject. The leariied geuer.ally reject iriost of tlierii as spurious. : d : ' . K Q;! Do ithe works 'Avhich bear the names of tlieso! authors treat upon subjects in disxmte bdtAVcen Protestants arid Romariiste ? X' A. ' 'Nd;' ; They are more of a xiractical ehar.ac- ter. oQ.ij)What .writers "or Fathers eoinc next to thdiri? ' '/Al'lTlio' ' undoubted AA'ritings' .are those of Justin Martyr; Ireneus, . Cleinens- Alex.aiKlrinus, Cyprian, Tertulliaii, ' Grigeii, and some others of inferioruiote. ' There'are v.-irious spurious works AVhich' all reject, i ' i : .Q. ; When did they aa'rite ? -.A'.:'.Tustin Ari'ote about the ye.ar 150. Ireiieus AVrote a ;feAV ye.ars after him.' ' Cleniens-Alex- andrinusiaboiit the yeiir 190. Tertulliaii .about the s.anie :time. . Gyx>ri.an suffered martyrdom, A.Dii,:2()lii Origen- flourished ill the same centuryA ; - . <; . - - . .Q.'Do' these Avritere' tre.at of controverted xl.oints r: , A., 'Very little. And, Avhen they do, their ; testimony is unfavourable to Paxial x'retensions. ;Q..i)When .did Augustine, Jerome, Chrysos tom, . and; Ambrose IIa'o? . Ai-ilnithe fourth centiiry, an age Avlien super- stitioiir had much increased ill the clirireh. What'tlien; do yon deduce froin the fact that the: .Fathers' : so- c.alled, ' lived at so great a distance from the Axiostolic time ? ' . tA'.t.Th.at'ithey, cariiiot be .reg.arded as safe dexipsitaries of. axjostolic teaching. -They do not iirofess tobe.such.j''; ' Q. Can you give .any instance in Avhieh even the statements of Christ Avere misconceived by his own disciples ? , Ai! Yes.! Iri';.Johri xxi. it is written that a rex)ort.„AVciit„ abroad among the, discixiles that Joliri sliqiild riot die, itlioiigh Christ's statement g.ave no cburitenaiice to -tlie idea. J John xxi. 20-23— Then Peter, . turning about, scrith 'tlie iliscixile Avlioin Jesus loved folIoAving ; Avhich alsb lc.aned bii his bre.ast at suxiper, and said. Lord, Avliicli is ho th.at betrayeth thee? Peter seeiii'' him,.: siiitli to .Jesus, Lord, and Avli.dt'Sli.all tliis man do ? J esus s.aith unto him. If I Ayill,that he tarry till I come, Avliat is that to'theeTfblloAvf, iTheii Avcrit this say- iiyg'.abiriad luiibjig the bretlircn, th.at this discixile should not .die V yet Jesus said not unto him, Hq shall iiot die ; |but,;if I Avill that ho tarry till IP'qriieilpffiat'is that '''Q!"EA'cri4f 'oral tiaditipns Avero trustAVorthy, could the, works, of the Fathers be considered a faithful recqrcLpf it ? , ''Ay''''CeHaijily the Fathers contradict e.ach'yoth'cri.V' Blundering Avitnesses have no weiglit!'' ;_'Besicles; tlie testimony of the Fathers, irijmariy'impbHan resxiects, is against Rome. . ' Qp Does ripito in 2 Thess. ii. 15, fiivbur Roriiish' tradition ?; 2 Thps. ii. 15,— Therefore, brethren,,: stand fast, iind hold the traditions which ye have been taught, Ayhether by word,, or our exristle. 'A.' By 110 rie.aris. ' It only proves th.at avIi. at the Apostles .delivered orally is of equ.al aa'eight Avitli'wliat they taught in Avriting. . The point still!rcni.ains uritonqhedT— that Romaiiists c.aiiiiot Xirovc their ''tr.aditipii to be Apostolic. . , Q.. Does Christ: in Serixiture condemn tra- ditiont"'''!; ; jAI /Yes; He p-efcrs to it as x>i'oductive of error! ''' '' . . Matt. xy. 3-T-But he, aiiSAvered and said unto tlie'm,"Why dp ye also traiisgress the command- mririt of God by your tradition ? Q. AVhere. does Paul Avarn us .against tra dition' V'.. 'A'/ Colos. ii. ; S-.-:-BeAvare lest any , man sxioil ypn throiigh yfiiilpsophy .and "v.aiii deceit, after the'traditiori of irieii,; .after the rudiments . of the Avbrld,'aarid not .after Christ! Q..,What then is the sum Af your re.asons ag.auist'traditiori ? / ,/ / 'Avy(I)'Moiri report is .not Avorthy of trust, even in every day life ; liOAV much' less Avhere the intorestsiof the Soul are concerned. (2) The early Fathers— those of , the first three centuries -wrote vovy little. It is unroason.able to siixi- pose,,|th.at i traditioii could have been handed doAvn 'for ceritiiries Aidthout error. (3) The Fatheip, ,by contradicting e.ach other; giA'e evidence that tlicy h.ave no divine tradition in trust. ;,,4), .Christ; .aiid, the- Axiostle P.aiil, Av.arn iis.'agaiiisk tra (5) Tradition Avas the gipat;c.TOse,of apo'stoey in the JoAvish church. ( To be conthaied. ) 