THE NOVELIST. D. T. wedge of metal was puuea out r enxon ?weighed it in his hands and nursed it, while the earth was washed off with rapid drops of .sweat. * T~ -1- 6Iia ' tioM-Av- V " .not lar irom were. . The stockman spoke his news m a kind of crushed whisper to the low door of a dirty canvas tent. Four men came out carrying pannikins and bread, as conscientiously fam ine themselves against the dinner hour while, listening to the details. "The gap in that third range where the one tree grows; the second gully from that straight as the crow flies. Mind the bargain." . "All right," replied one with his mouth full: "Jim 'U start now." And so it came that before a week was past -chains of men crept up the ranges, carrying ?tents and tools. In the valley where the ?single pick gave out the monotone sprang tents among the greenness. The fresh grass was soon draggled with traffic; trees con trasted with gleaming calico; rumbling drays ^scarred the sod with ruts, and life, and .struggle, and blasphemy grew daily in the open forest. In a month there was a street of tents stretching along the glade for a mile, and an eruption of gray earth lay between, scabbing the wounds the ceaseless picks were The Argus informed its readers one morn ing that 20,000 ounces had come down to Melbourne by escort from the Yandock Rush. The head of one of the Government depart ments took a note of it for the Cabinet meeting in the afternoon, and with patriotic promptness Government tents and stabling were erected, and an officer, who drank hot whiskey and played unlimited loo, repre sented Her Most Gracious Majesty and justice at Yandock. The place grew sturdily out of its swaddling-clothes of tents and put on weatherboards, started a newspaper, a hook and ladder company, and a progress committee. The hotel trade soon warranted bowling alleys as'well as brandy, with a constant and varying supply of comic singers, and barmaids who neither cultivated the domestic virtues nor professed religion. If any one had oeen standing at the " Commercial" one day-sufficiently strong cminded to resist the wiles of a couple of waitresses and the reckless jewellery and bland bearing of a tenor who had sung the night before, and went to 4»d drunk with plaudits and Old Tom-he would have seen a new addition to the enter prising community in the shape of a dray load of furniture, packed -like satellites ?around a piano that was lovihgly bandaged ?with shawls; and he would have seen a 'delicate woman stained with travel, whose Se, pure face contrasted sadly with the nRS and fame of Yandock; a mail who carried with him an earnest desire to escape notice, and a bleached, handsome face, tugged at the. hone's bit in an impatient way, as hurrying on to find a lonely place in which to begin another chapter of his history. But no one did see them; the inmere, having won the £avour of the bar -fi"8 by presenting nuggets, engaged them for the night's dancing, and sat perusing 'their investment, and fretting at the tardi ness of time. Boker's Yandock store, where gold was Smsed "at the highest price for cash," an unsteady rakish look, and was five age; four of ,it$ checkered existence nad been spent in doing the rushes, and its .owner was wont to Boast that ne could Jmpck it up with a shingle hammer any day Jwtore breakfast, and then have time to ®Pare.- Repeated knockings up had given it jne nckets and a vagabond lean, as if await ing Mr. Boker's signal for a fresh start, Mr. tfoker sold groceries and flour, as well as *9xun®s, represented by sardines and square Mr. Boker was a' hospitable greasy and a martyr to sqndy blight. , -Toni, .said the storekeeper one forenoon, W A niminA^MM m a i trousers. He was prepared lor the exigencies of mid-day custom. The new-comers who exercised the minds of the storekeeper and his friend sat upon a gnus patch in a deserted lead, where they nod the midday meaL They were looking up from shade upon their tent. The fusty leaves of the trees broke the even bath of sun into sparklings, arrows of light danced from their sombre tints, and the fresh grass caught them and interlaced miihic shadows above the daisies and the gleaming heath. The tent of the digger looked glad: it was perched upon a mound against the sky, and icolours of olive and emerald green and yellow wattle layabout it Curran Lucas said to his wife " I'll put the gold in the pannikin, and go for what you want. If luck keeps on we'll not be condemned to this retirement long. Thank God we came here; it's a good change, Alley, from the cards and parties of Castle muller." The woman looked at her husband with-an expression in which were a half-formed con. fidence and an old fear; she pressed back, her hair with her slender hand. "Oh, Curran, it wasawful. You used to come home mad." Her voice shook as she contem plated him . in a beseeching child-like way. "Don't stay long. You know how timid I shall be with all that gold in the tent." "S-s-sh-the madness is over now, Alley. I'll be back in half an hour." He walked away to the" unstable store and found the pro prietor alone with Tom. The latter was drinking brandy as a preliminary to work, and forgetting work in the preliminary. If the sandy blight had swollen Mr. Boker's face, his sight was quick. "Good morning," he said, intones that had a comfortable purr of welcome, as soon as Lucas's shadow struck the threshold. 1 " Bather hot for work. Times is bqd about here the diggers tell me." The speaker threw back his head and blinked with ! laborious interest at his customer. " Here's a list of the things I want; I'm in a hurry back." The bundle was made up, and Lucas turned to the door. Boker peered after him from the ridges of flesh thatlayr6und his eyes, and Tom looked through his tobacco smoke in stolid self-communion. The day was hot arid calm, and large flies drowsed lazily in their flight "Mr. Boker," spoke Lucas, turning back, " I should feel obliged for a tumbler of ' your filtered water." Tom looked no longer at the digger, he stopped Bmoking and watched the storekeeper. " Certainly," said the latter, with alacrity, "It's the best filter on the rush," he went on while stooping behind the counter, and blinkine up; " the water's a little coloured, but cool-cool as a pfebble." The visitor let the glass stand a while ; the black eyes in their folds of flesh never left his face. The silent smoker behind steadily watched the glass. He took it up absently at length and nearly drained it at a draught; then, with a sudden expression of surprise and fear, he flung it from him. No one was looking ; the storekeeper was mildly whistling over his work of weighing sugar, Tom was lazily contemplating the ratters. He looked rapidly at both men before he said, "There was spirits in the water, Mr. Boker." " Not if I know it, mate. It don't pay to put spirits in water for customers as wants drinks." " But there was," insisted the digger, ner vously. "The tumbler was standing under this here tap, an' I filled it; but if spirits was in I ain't a going to charge. If anything it must a bin gin. I thought it were water. "It was gin." Boker whistled and weighed, Tom smoked and studied-the regular rattle of the scales, the regular puffing of the smoker. Lucas stood for a moment in pitiful inde cision, while a contented flush crept upon his face, and thensatdown to fill his pipe. Some onesays, "To waver is to be damned." Lucas wavered and-smoked. In 20 minutes he staggered up and glared round him. Before the half-hour was gone by Mr. Boker's silver watch, he was snoring in the squalid bed behind, stained, and limp, and motionless. When Tom had assisted in carrying Lucas to bed,- he studied, on the herring cask for a time, and then asked of his companion-. I " Much hocussed, Boker?" I "He'll sleep till morning. Wot a good thing foresight is. I'd the glass ready, knowin' it to be his day." " How many drops !" "A teaspoonful-a dose an' a half with gin." . , "Well?" "Wot d'ye mean by 'well?' We've got him." " Well," repeated Tom doggedly. " Well, then," explained Boker, awakening to the question, " the wife '11 come and ask about him. Smoke, Tom, smoke; you'll see wot you shall see!" and, with this suggestive generality, the storekeeper went inside, and tenderly hid the sleepless shape with old clothes. That night the dirty flare of candlfes flickered upon reckless faces, intent over the subtilties of euchre and ithe intricacies of cribbage. . Large- muscled arms and fists, roughfrom the mines, tabled the cards with a force that made the glasses dance. Their bearded faces and breasts w:ere spotted with clay and puddle, and their wispednair looked wild in the swaying light that gloomed on the .dirty , canvas, the dirty tables, and the dirty men. Boker was the dirtiest of the company. He moved about in a pre-occupied way, overlooking the hands and swearing; to give a fillip to the growing recklessness. Tom kept tne store. About midnight, when the moon was bright and the trees threw uncertain clumps of darkness on the ground, an uncertain shadow flitted about the Boker threshbld, and an anxious face peered in. Tom called, "Shop." 1 » "Iwant to speak with you a moment," «utM « fragile woman with lustrous hair to Mr. Boker when he-appeared. "Come"out side, please." r . ' . . j " Certainly, ma'am.' ,! ' ' Underneath the moonlight, face to face,: the lady looked up at the smooth villain. ; ^Was there a gen--, a digger here this evening who lives -in thft tent just over the1 iirw there, Mr. Bofcer!" - - | / " *'jiwearin of a blue barr.d sbirt. a^ a Bmokin* of a meerschaum pipe ?" i "Yes, yes." . - j VHe got a -bundle o' things lien, tniBs,: :SSjjit'sjWSeBali" , t, 1-Ljl Besides." sne repeatfed hurriedly to' hSraelf, .'be frad no'gblawith him ;n theto cpntiiiaed,' "Do give my fctasband up-(I do nbt mepA to dotabt ydu, indeed I ttpitx). You resare he is nbtinside?, ^odj^frnpwda^r^heS with drink-how wild, now jwL Oh, {Mr. Boker. vhtore.law;fcusbaindf i ' '' Miss-I begparaqn.m& am-he am tinside the store; it's open.fpr you tf se% IJoto, 'Where's that 'ere digger ^ouspoke of V I f "Himatt&e; IfoeWet Don't know; might be there now." " la it far from here, Mr. Boker!'' . "No, ma'am, not far. Say a mile straight up: the track goes past the door." She waited to hear no more, but crossed a - strip of moonlight that shone on her wealth of hair, and passed into' shade again. They watched her in silence until three or four iof the diver breaks were crossed-until she finally merged with the black shadows that fretted the track from end to end of the township. "Now then, Tom," whispered Mr. Boker, suddenly turning, " let's off. No time t' lose; the jobs easy. There aint no jemmies wanted-off." "Customersinside,"suggestedTom. Boker answered the objection in two words, "D 'em." They ran down the gully over the soft sward, in and out of the checker work of lights and lines, along pale-washed heaps of quartz and up the hillock to the tent, that gleamed ghost-like from the bushes. " This way, Tom. Mind the cords; creep under after me. Mind the flap. Bight; now strike a match." Light crackled out on the quiet and the semi-darkness; both men were sitting on ground as they had crawled in. They looked at each other's pale perspiring faces for a moment, then round the neat tent upon choice pictures that gave it refinement. The dainty bed, the scrupulous neatness, and the quiet hdd a subduing influence for a moment. Come, Tom, light the lamp, an' to work. Where did ye say the plant was ?" " When I weresmoking in the gully-" said Tom, as stolidly as though he were sitting in the herring cask, " let - me see, that were Monday-I heer'd her say to him the mattress aint safe, an' he said 'well, the fireplace thenan' she laughed an' said he were clever an'' the fireplace it should be.'" In a minute the few embers were scraped up on the hearth, and Boker pressed his knuckles here and there upon the site of the fire as though kneading a cake. He found one spot that yielded^ and Tom's fossicking knife laid bare eight little chamois leather bags filled with the precious metal. . " Cover it up again carefully, Tom. Put on the fire again, Tom; hang the billy, and make it all neat an' com fortable for them, Tom, agin they git home and talk over the sin o' spreein', till he swears he'll never drink no more, not by no means, Tom. Quick's the word; our family'll be helpin' theirselves, an* fightin' over the peggin* and the bowers. There'll be the devil to pay, Tom, if we ain't quick." The way to the store was soon retraced. Boker entered cheerfully whistling between two buckets of water, which he was car rying. The returned wife was at the door a short time after. " Mr. Boker,*' she began sob bingly as soon as he came out to Tom's cry of "shop," "my husband is not there, They do not remember to have seen him. You can assist me in this matter. I'm so afraid he may be drinking somewhere. Help me, Mr. Boker. I'll pay you for your trouble. Help me to find my huBDand." She turned her large eyes and clear-cut face, beautified with the falling hair, up to his. She pressed her white hands before her, and some rings she wore glittered and gleamed while she spoke ; her whole attitude was one of sup plication, of prayer, of fear. " What can I say ? Find him and I'll pay you well You will help me, I'm sure youwilL I'm weak and helpless. Oh! what will the end be ?" She put her hands upon her face and burst into tears. "Anything," returned Mr. Boker, in a sympathising voice, " as we can do, we will. We'll search holes and shanties, an' all that ere, miss. We won't spare no trouble; but not for money will we work-notfor money, miss but 'cause you asked us to find your husband, ma'am, an t'elp you-eh, Tom.' " No, not for money, but t'elp you." "And yell oblige me, ma'am, t'look in there an' see as all is strangers. It'll ease your mind and mine, ma'am; and give us confidence in one another, y' see." She accepted the situation and forced her self to it as the beginning of many trials. The slight form of the lady stood on the threshold of the room behind, filled with smoke and curses,- as a visitant from a better world. The men looked up and saw the graceful figure, the falling hair, the pure patrician face,.the white hands, and the glittering rings, and the oaths and clamour stopped. One rapid glance from face to face amid the silence that had fallen, a clear sad "good night" that was heard everywhere throughout the apartment, and she turned to the store again to speak another whispered supplication for aid to Mr. Boker. Mr. Boker filled his voice with honest commi seration and replied. The moon sailed high, the lights went out at Yandock, and the silence of rest fell abroad. Lucas lay in his deep sleep at the farther corner of Sir. Boker's den, in perfect silence but for the hoarse concerts of frogs in the marsh beyond. The dawn was flushing _ the topmost branches when Lucas paused in his irregular breathings and opened his wild eyes upon the man beside the bed. There was no effort at thought or Temembrance. He broke into some babbling song, and called on Ids wife-alone in the dim light that flickered to her on the hillock half a mile distant-for a drink, then a gabble ot fierce words, and back upon the filthy pillow. Lucas 8 nurse was waiting. There was another draught ready. The man drank it greedily, and Bank back to that unfathomable blankness that " nor shallow nor shore on the lee"-down into deepest sleep. The sun had not struck the tree trunks when the weary wife left her fcent to wander among the holes, to stand shivering near silent Habitations, to catch some sound and get some faint index to her husband's where abouts, to loiter fetfrsomely among canvas where sleeping diggers lay, to watch the first Bmoke of the eany fires arise and inquire falteringly of surprised men about a digger who wpre a blue barred shirt and a fiat yellow with day, whose hair land beard were black. Had they Been him, theBe men,' '' drinking anywhere," or, with a sob, "drunk or asleep on the ground, or in any tent what ever. . fie is my husband, sir, and I have lost him," aiidthe appealing face flashed tears. With respectful tones and proffers of timp to search, where time was .gold they had inot seen him. _ "Mr. Boker," Stud Mm. Lucas at ithe. dinner hour,, have you heard anything ef him yet? You promtefcd assistatice to-dav." "I did'm ; atf Johti Bokfer don't f<«git when he kin help an unfortunate lady. I re1 bin out since breakfast, amd Tory's jist gone -but not for monejr. Ghfcer up, ma'am j he "can'tbe fur-like bsriot ona bit ofa spree!" Mis. Iiucas cowered. "A spree with him, sir, means UadneiK. God help meif heis'alivfe, and dttuik I God help me if he i8 de*at" She turned airilessly from hlt ariS looked bway into the trees. J < "LookTifere, ma'am, he'll be found. If he ain't turned up twlaythe diggers '11 hate a seorotu I'd rose i' week twp re; I tronld, by gam f The weaker looked skywards M well as he could, and blinked philanthropi cally at alt nature. When Tom came back he seated himself on the herring cask, and said; " Ram!" Said Boker, as he obeyed the order, "We must hev no cards to-night. Well leave him near the track up the gully beside a hempy brandy bottlfe; and let tne diggers find him and pet the blessin' o* the sniveller, with her rings and pialnner. Wot right hev ' they t' come here an nut on frills % if we warn't good enough for em! We don't want no snobs here." "We don't want no- snobs nor planners! Fill np again." 1 At 6 o clock the following morninga score diggers turned out and "chained" the gully, by separating a distance of 10 or 13 yards* and talking abreast through the scrub and' over the holes. In the busiest part of the thoroughfare a stake was driven in the ground, to which the following notice-was j fixed:- 1 " TO SHANTYKEEPERS AND OTHERS. "Lost, CurranLucas. When last seen he wore a blue -barred Crimean shirt; & black j | billycock hat, and moleskin trousers. Stood 1 about 5ft. lOin. high, black hair and- beard;'! Anyone harbouring the said Lucas; or with holding information which may lead to his recovery, will be compelled to leave Yandock. 1 -Signed on behalf of the diggers, RICHARD JOHN Bi/akely." 1 In half an hour from the start a " cooey" 1 ran along the chain, and the mien- clustered round a heap of quartz tailings, where lay the digger in the blue barred shirt, with black hair and beard, in chilled sleep. A solemn looking herculean miner said- i " I'll take him home, lads. The tent's not far. Come, Jim: two will be enough to look at the wife's shame." . I A white fear came to Mrs. Lucas's face when she saw the men assisting each- other in carrying her husband to the tent, and the 1 pallor Uvea still when they told her he was not dead but slept. "Lay him on the bed, gentlemen. I feared lie was dead; and now the terror of his waking I must face alone. Do you live far from here, sirs ?" she inquired, when they had turned for the door. " Not far," replied the big man; "a matter of a quarter of a mile." After a hurried glace at the bed, " Gentle men, I have another favour to ask of you," she spoke, whisperingly, and put her band upon the stranger's arm in a clinging way. "After drink my husband has fits of delirium. If-if- There were no tears in her eyes, but she unconsciously put her white hand, sparkling with the affluence of the past, upon her throat and strangled back a sob. "If you should hear cries from this tent one of these quiet nights you will come, for there will be great danger. I am alone and friendless here, except-" Mrs. Lucas shivered another look at the sleeper. "We'll come, ma'am. God keep you," said the'digger, gravely. "Good-bye, mis tress " "Lucas." "Good-bye, ma'am. We'll listen, and come. There is one who never slumbers nor sleeps." She looked up surprised at the solemn fatherly man, and bade good-bye. Mrs. Lucas could only see them dimly as they descended the hill, for tears had come. She thought of prayer, and her terror somewhat calmed. Two nights afterwards, when the trees and the moonlight were working fretworks together on the gravel and the grass, when the soft light gave a solemn mystery to the solemn trees, a cry crept out and hung uncer tainly on the quiet; next came hoarse shouts and rapid oaths in tripping pursuit: at the tall digger's tent they rolled and merged together in a startling medley. The big man who had laid Lucas on his bed rose at once. " Fenton," hesaidtooneof thetwo whowere smoking with him before the sod fireplace, " you can finish the story of your search for your sister another time. I am glad you. have come among us again. There's a digger's wife above us who's in danger from her drunken husband. He is evidently subject to D.T. I promised to run up if I heard There are the cries once more. Come Jim, quick." All ran out towards the little hillook. where Lucas's tent stood. "Boker," said Tom, .entering the store hurriedly, " there s something wrong with the swells above. He's playing 'bob's-a. dyin'.' Let's go an* Bee wot's up." In about teft minutes five men were within a few yards of the tent. The storekeeper saw the shadows of three figures 1 fall upon the canvas as he and his mate arrived. He had just joined Tom at the entrance when he saw the three men borne about by the frantic struggles of a fourth. The clothes of the strangers were torn, and they were breathing heavily round a man whose strength seemed invincible. He saw a white face gleaming from black hair, the lips drawn back-in a fierce snarl, a naked body with a few shreds of clothing, the fiesh red here and there with the impotent grips that sought to hold him, a tigerish effort that sent tne men reeling; finally, a bound to the door, and away past the watchers ran the nude figure, through the moonlight and into the black shadow of the trees. Huddled in a corner was Mrs. Lucas, daubed with blood and dust. Reader, did you ever see a beautiful woman who had sat the oigie through stained and bedraggled with drunkenness and sin ? Did you ever see her impotent glare and hear her thickdrunken words-her hair frowsed to shameless drab dom-the poor fatuous giggle in brazening out her sin, and helplessness, and lost woman hood? It is a sad sight, but, 'believe me, not more sad than the one which the tent con tained. There lay, naked and senseless, the fragile wife, bruised and bleeding, her ronnd limbs mottled with mortar mixed of blood and dust, all stained, all broken-like some crashed being utterly past knowing but that the shape of womanhood was there. There was nothing to know of her but a white profile of a face unsullied by a touch-but the flowing, hair that lay upon her shoulders < undi minished in lustre-limbs and body covered with mud and blood. It waft thus the digger's wife lay, the saddest thing that titan could: see. "Boys," spoke the old miner, 'Til attend to her. He took the coverlet from the bed. and wrapped her in it, and carried her to where he placed hej husband a couple of days before. " Run for MrSi Bradshaw, Jim. What tils you, Fenton?" Fenton staggered over tothe^bed, and lifted a portsoh of the covering hade in a palsied way. He smoothed the hair fromher , forehead, «,nd looked down upon the still face. He -drew her arm out and looked at the rings ttnuihed intoher flesh, till he caught the glitter of thfr jewels. "OhEmily. iny poorsiBben" No one fctta. d^ribe the sudden grief a strong man surprised hit© deep emMion. i ? Twol Jrfeafc SMter Fenton *&6ivedthefEol* !ov^-official; letter at Ite totfthjgiiPfr Sohth that CarnmLacaa, a petient admitted Into the asylum on J$th December ,b?t, died therein, in the presence of P. Mdtphjraai J, P6wer, on/Fhnrsday, the 22nd inBtArid I, an.6dorotfer'a jury found a verdict that death; was twined by injuries Relf-infficted, " ABCHIBALD SMITH, SaperintendeHt. " PATBIOK MAKEART, Clerk. " Bleak-hill Aeytam, 23rd December, 1862." " Now," said tne reader, handing the com munication to his crippled sister, "we can sailfor Fenton-grange and the old green meadows;" S. 