Miscellaneous Herns, — » - THERKY. Mrss TURN-ER.—/ibout a month since (observes the Argus), the members of the Unitarian Christian Cht?rch held a special meeting to consider the qiles'ion jf the permanent appointment of a minister f ir their church in Grey-street, as the year during which, Miss Turner had undertaken to conduct the services was drawing to a close. At this meeting it was resolved to ask Miss Turner to accept the pastorate ofj the church, and, if she were willing, to confer upon her the usual ministerial appoin ment. We understand that, after considera-i tion, Miss Turner has acceded to the wishes of the congregation, with a graceful proviso that, in the event of a suitable minister of the denomination arriving in the colony, sh< will be prepared to retire in his favor. A TEET DELIBERATE DETENSRRYATROY.' On Saturday last, (says the Tamworth ' ExJ aminer,') as Mr. Garland, J.P., was return ing to Tamworth from Bowling Alley Poin his presence was required on his arrival aj Bungowan. The facts connected with wliicf show a very deliberate effort on the part the chief actor, wTiich deserve recording, seems that on the morning of that day. a ma who gave his name as William Stokes ali: Smith, came -up to the wool shed and enquir< of Mr. Cadell, whether he was full hajidj with " washers." Yes, they were full ha»idj and the man remained for a short-time abc the shed. It seems that Mr. Cadell had ji| before hung his horse to a fence close and then went temporarily away. Soon afJ Stokes walked up to the horse, slippl the bridle from the fence wnere hung up, rj moved the bridle, and putting himself oi side the saddle, started off towards Tamworl at a very fair pace. Some of the men at tf station saw this interesting proceeding, ar at once gave the alarm, but of course the ml who started on foot to catch the horse faill —as most men would—the horse bein»| really good one. A short time elapsed er mounted man could go and chase, and Sto 1 had a good start. However, the pursl nothing daunted followed, and rode like f| until he picked up Stokes at Nemingha/ to Tamworth, the distance travelled about fourteen miles. In reply to enql he said he was going to Tamworth, whl on a pleasure^xcursion or not he couh positively say ; but he liked the atnmsi of the place. The morning air, if you in the habit of" getti&g.;'.up early," wa*] inviting and •sngorating, and he liked it in while he quaffed his 14 moca.' taken back to Dungowan, and then brj before Mr. Garland, and after ovider/feT ho was remanded to Tamworth to be fil dealt with. He was brought beforel Bench hereon Monday, and committe] trial. It is difficult to determine wl prisoner thinks the horse a g->od oml the general impression is that he has small opinion of him. THE REV. W. B. CLARKE'S VISIT TI HUNTER.—This gentleman and Mr. Mj zie, examiner of coal-field-; (observes the castle Chronicle), have returned to Ne^ from the upper part of the Hunter which they visited for the : purpose of p] ting their scientific researches, The was, unfortunately, so very unfavorabl little could be done in riakjng that inj tion which they hacT purposed. He they visited Wingen, from which thj very rich and beautiful specimens of ore that is found in that part of distrj which we understand will be worked o| extensive scale. At Singleton, the Clarke picked up several marine fJ some beauty, but he was unab'e to p| his investigation of the country owinj state of the weather. He returned Saturday, and will visit the coal beds and probably other places 111 the distrj he leaves for Sydney. Ladies in fashionable attire are supposed to look captivating, even in] of unsophisticated nature. But loc facts. A dog, brought up on a whalj who had been absent 011 a three year| and had never seen a woman, was so at the first he saw when he finally r^ haunts of civilization,that he imtiiedU into a fit. THE SYMPTOMS.—The reputatioij bers of the Legislature jor sobriety sa rather bad in Kentucky. Two of noisily drunk on a railroad train the and when the conductor remonstrat them pompously asked, " Do you sir, that I am a member of the Le; The conductor quietly replied, " « the symptoms.'' That was a triumphant appeal man who was a lover of antiquitl arguing the superiority of old JJ over the new, said: " Where wilf any modern building that has lasj as the ancient ?" A newspaper publishes thel notice—" Married atFlimsfcone, ll Windstone, Mr. Neherniah San-1 Miss Wilhelmi Whetstone, botl: stone. Look out for brimstone., A Western editor informs a cc that the words c no cards' accot marriage notice signify that the : don't play poker. " It's a desp-rt thing," said ol^ kers," a desp-r't thing, thatere y: who've been billin' and cooin* eyes at one another for a mont^ gone to the minister and got rj if they can't keep it up for a i A ghost who had been distul in Pittsburg, was warned in th( he was known and would see trl didn't make himself scarce. HI seen since; which shows how elf keep the run of the papers. The Woman Question—' CaJ have £20 this morning ?' The 1 —' Whatdid you do with that sj you last week ?' Happy thought of a cheap I concerning his own workmen : j like shadows, sew, depart!' A Newspaper tells us thatai man who came to London witj his back, has managed to acci lion and a half. It's our opi^ never live to wear them out. POBTRA.IT OF THE RFJ" portrait of the Rev. Jj)hJ D.D., A.M , engraved Jin Mr. H. S. Sadd, has just b\ is from a photograph bj will no doubt be a* the Rev. Dr., who for_ttj was minimi lid nor material 4r housing during three Ihs' rain. They ;:.nnot be got there in land without thfpa the country is abso- [ uninhabitable. T. M'llwrai'h has been returned for ioa Mr. T*horn'has also bfeen returned. 