WILL OF NAPOLEON 1IL In tbe latter part of December, 1872. the iinperor feeling an aggravation- of tlie symp— .oms of the disease which w.s sosoou tu iiruve ita!, and iudulging no illusory hopes of tbe Jtimate success of the operation which his jliysiciaus iad declared to lis indispensable, ,v»8 auxious, before resigning himself to their are, to eipresB in writing his last Will aud I'tstament. Tiie Will of the Emperor Napoleon fTT. is drawn up in two very distinct parts. The statesman, the Sovereign, and dynastic chief, gueaks iu the one ; in the other, the private gei.tiemeu, tbe father, lbe friend. Motives of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon, wiil not allow of-our publishing— at least, at present—'he will of the private gentleina'). The legacies and Requests with jfijich the dispo sussed Etnperor has tbogqht proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in'tbe shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest the public in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it vrou d scarcely be proper to gratify at the present momeut. But the political will is a different thing altugetber. This, from tte hour of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the preseut generation,for whose instruction it was writ'eu. It will he noticed that this Will is tmilt np of a series of notes, thoughts, reflections, provisions, remembrances, written in meditative uiood, duimg the tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when the Emperor saw rising before him the probability of an impeudiug catastrophe,""he "rested satisfied with the csmfilation of these notes, to which be was liard.'y aware that he was giving the last touch. This is the document we speak of and which wej'riut without reflecting or commenting on: In the ua>neof the Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Made aware by unheard of misfortune of the uncertainty of worldly'concerns at an age when it may please Divine Provideuce, after so many crnel trials, to withdraw me from this life' before X have been abie personally to fulfil the mission which 1 had dreamt of accomplishing, I owe it to the honour of my uame, to my responsibility before history, to the future of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspirations, such instructions as may guide hiB conduct. In the hope that Heaven, soothed by tbe overwhelming catastrophes which have fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him in his endeavours to reinvest his country with its pist glory, prosperity end grandeur. Weighed down by tbe most unmerited and most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, the care of my jiiitiKciUou. During tbe twenty years that I was called ution by the national will to manage the affairs of France 1 have'reigned independently of any cire with regard to dynastic interests ot personal satisfaction, I feel the legitimate priSe of being able to declare that 1 have brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity influence, and (dot, that it haB ever been given to any monarchy of the past to. enjoy. While maintaining order ill the interior, and opposing an iron hand to the baneful covetunaness \ of tbe disinherited classes; 1 have brought all my elf jrts to bear on tbe moral, poli leal, and suciiil emancipation of the labourer. Under no other re'/inu has the workman been iu a more prosperous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and satisfactory way. Notwithstanding the renown of military glory which attached to the founder of my race, 1 had dreamed, I had desired to exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratic and social emancipation ; and when at the opeuing of my carer as a Sovereign I slid at fiurdeaux, that "the Empire was peace," 1 expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and to tbe world. But nest to the aspirations of my heart were tbe duties of tbe munarcb, aud when 1 was induced to draw the sword it was never fur any other. motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honour of France, In Crimea, in Italy, in China, in C 'cliiuclmia, iu Asia-Minor, the triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of tbe country. At the-time of life when I am penning these lines in the expectation of aoon appearing before God,- who 'will judge me, I refrain to set myself np as a judge for obers. X leave to my eon, with the recommendation of ultimately making such use of them as the honour of my name and his own may require, the complete series of documents which will show tb»fc, in respect to tbe Mexifiau expedition, interrupted by imperious motives of international right, and abo to that last and fatal war - aeainst PruEfiia, I once more'had solely in view the honour and interests of the country who for the third time in the space of twenty years had by a signal vote entrusted it* destinies to my keeping. History will explain how a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevitable casaalties, improvident advises, disappointed previsions, improbable results ended in the failure of the most generous effort ever attempted to" i.ff.rm tiie prerogatives and predominance of France. An unmeutiooable crime hae complicated the catastrophe, and whi'e at Sedan I jeopardised my personal safety to secure that of my army aud to conclude a necessary' peace, in Paris brainless demagogues were working the ruiu of Vrauce by affording to the conquering enemy tbe spectacle of a revolution against their legitimate soveieigu. A day, which is not Ear distent, will dawn nh-n France will know the truth on all the" facts aud many other topics which have been distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and on that day, France, after undergoing so many trials, will recal to miud the twenty years of glory, * happiness, and prosperity which she owed to tbe reigu of Napoleon. The instincts of tiie - people ere monarchical, and too monarchy can reinstate France in a sifer position than the theCouqueror of Austeili'z. If Providence deems my mission accom pUshed and bequeathes to my son the task of carrying out this.work ofreperation, under the guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy and beloved .wife, and that of the devoted fi lends who hkve remained faithful to me, I advise him to ;revert to the - principles which inspired my acta attbe beginning of my reign, —viz, orderwitbiu,peace abroad. Europe" haB been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of thelatter years, and France may regain her prestige and her graudeur without appealing to force. The reigu of my son muBt not be one -of-reprisals, but due. of reputation. Peace within and .without. And should the necessity of upholding the. natioual honoiit compel him to draw the aword, let . Jiim rely without fear on the conrage of jthe Frcnch army too accustomed-to see victorj crown its- efforts under tbe Imperial Eagle to remain bolted down under tbe influence of a temporary disaster "Lethim^FMome especially japplj luiittejfctp developing ihe^elfkre-of tiie woltmg Masses. Let himtwjraBe'ofiheentiottnent heldjoutfcy: <iertain liberal "do^biaes'-f'which ^ uuder hollowthetfriescbhcealirwd disappoint meuts. - .••. -'-~-r " j-x- . - ;-- : -- . X«et him -£ee that respecVis "^ahoym io;- the legitimate prerogatives 3df religion, t#Mk' coustibite the t>asosf tsf -allr Boa&order.; -jlu swarding tt^tecesgatyshare igibe jmam^rtlient ol public -affiira to the free debate of the tribune and the press.' let •"him rgrol^ct^ -the <xrantry against tbe excesseB of those Iqds which prove swh fruitful Boi*rceBOlt«rten and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order —order upheld in the iuterest of all and every one. The experiment of tbe last events has shown that nations are seldom grateful. .France, who had done everything for the enfranchisement of other countries found herself deserved at a time of supreme necessity. International al'iauces should be founded'on the interests, on the hopes, and not on rights aud memories of the past. In a powerful, well-appointed army clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. My sou's endeavours should nil tend towards ensuring the soldier's comfort With a monarchy firmly gmunded on a mighty army, France, without havine recourse to arms may repair the disasters of war. The calamities consequent on successive insurrections during the last two years have not been able to shake tbe foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the Empire. The Empire will render tbat prosperity as flourishing as heretofore." But to attain this result, at tbe same time that it is necessary to prond-'y . display before foreign nations the flig of France—ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters —it is iucumbcnt on the nation to insist without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at home the principle of authority which the uatiou will once more hasten tu consecrate shall be respected. 