ENGLISH EXTRACTS. The Coal Famine and its Consequences. — The Standard regards the present pi ice of coal and the prospect of a continence of the evil as a national Calamity. Ooaf at nearly 50s. per ton in wiuter, and it is winter still, and may b* winter for weeks to come, means death by cold, by lung disease, by bronchitis, to thousands of the poor. Already the rates of mortality show symptoms of this influence, nnd every week, till warm, or at least mild, weather returns will make matters worse. A deficient harvest is not nearly so bad, for, after all, a deficient harvest at home cannot send up the price of food very far before it brings in from abroad a supply sufficient to ensure that nohody need die of hunger. Then, as to the enhanced cost of general commoditias con sequent on the dearness of coal, the Standard says that every trade in the country of any importance finds its cost of production raised at two, three, or half-a-d«zeu diffeient point*, besides the direct cost of fuel. All incomes are reduced, and everybody has to pay en hanced prices for everything out of reduced rnean^. Thus the mischief and misery wrought by a wilful diminution of the coal supply ox tends and ramifies far more widely, and, we believe, produces much more indirect misery, and not less direct, than that effected by a scarcity of food. And yet what should we say if farmers and labouiers, contriving to cut off the foreign supply, combined to destroy a fifth of the homo harvest in order to raise prices? Assuredly the pii'iciple of the old statutes against forestalled and regraters — which were repealed, not because they were wrong in principle, but because they were mis takes of fact, because fotestallpra did not and could not create a scarcity of food us colliers and coa!o»vnt-rs can create a scarcity of fuel — would be brought to bear upon the conspira tors with very unparliamentary promptitude. The silence of the colliers — connived at, as we fnar, by the coalowuers — is less direct, but it is the same in essence as that supposed ; it is a treason against the supreme law of human society, the paramount duty of all to live by bencfitting the community, not by injuring it; and we may be very sure that if the present state of things should endure for twelve months to come, the widespread ruin of in dustry and the sufferings of the population will bring about action too sudden and impatient to be discreet, and too angry to be just. Machinery will dispense with the labourers who will not work ; the capitalists who do not care to produce will have to settle their account with a country to which their neglect of duty is costing millions of money and hun drods of lives each week that it continues. The Proposed Polar Expedition. — We nuderstand that a number of the leading members of the Royal Geographical Society, including Admiral Richards an-J others, who have for1 many years taken a deep interest in Polar exploration, have been negotiating with the owners of the whaler Arctic, with the view of obtaining the use of her for somts months during the approaching seasorr. It is the intention of those who desire to charter the vessel to send with her an experienced re presentative to make scientific observations. The fishing will be prosecuted by the crew, of the Arctic as usual, but it is proposed that for one month during the most open part of the season u determined effort will be made to roach as far northward as possible, with a view of making a complete investigation into the nature of the country. We understand that the Messrs. Stephen have been offered ati-5000 as remuneration for her use ta the extent in dicated, and the probability is that an arrange- ' ment will be concluded. The proposal has originated, we may say, in consequence of the reputation Captain Adams has acquired in Arctic enterprise and discovery. Recently a very complimentary letter was published, which he received from Admiral Richard* upon forwarding to him a copy of a chart dis closing new country which he in his last voy age had explored. He then found' that there was a great deal of open water north of Mel ville Bay, and that be could have prosecuted a voyage in that direction to a very consider able extent. Of course the realisation of the objects desired will depend mainly upon tha stale of the ice iu the country, but should no serious impediment be interposed the likeli hood is that the scheme may be attended with Vfiry important geographical results. Burying the Wrong Woman.-— A re« m ark able case was recently reported in Water ford. For some weeks past a Mrs. Keene, wife of a man named John Keene, residing in Alexander-street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on January 26, a messen* ger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself ol* the accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick's Burial Society in the city, a' member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and send ing up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the rela tives of the deceased with the neighbours as-\ sembled, and the general impression of all who1 saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, and were solemnly interred, Keane's grief being so great that he could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sor rowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home While sitting taking his lowly supper that evening the latch of the dooi was lifted, and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and, delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms round hig neck, in the wildest ecstacy. began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease, he narrated all the story of the fu neral, aud Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keane re siding in Peter-street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St: Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair Has created the greatest amujement in the city. ^ 