COUNTRY NEWS. The new Governor, Sir George Bowen, is to be asked to open the Easter Fair at Sandhurst. THE borough council of Clunes have agreed to offer the Water Commission £50,000 for the waterworks which they have constructed. THERE were no cases for trial at the late Heathcote General Sessions, and the judge highly complimented the district on its immunity from crime. It is stated by the Gipps Land Times that the value of the gold taken from the Prospecting claim at Turton's Creek during little over a week was £10,000, giving the handsome dividend of over £1,200 per share. THE Geelong Advertiser thinks that oyster culture in Corio Bay will be a success. A good site has been chosen, and present ap pearances inidicate " a heavy crop." DERMOODYy, the prisoner who broke out of Ballarat Gaol in the company of several other prisoners, pleaded guilty to the charge on Saturday, and was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, the first six in irons. A two-year old filly has been found at Drysdale, with an iron chain, weighted with a log, round its neck. The chain had torn the flesh to the boue, and the poor brute wns in a pitiable state. THE Ballarat Volunteer Rifle Rangers have received a friendly challenge from the North Dunedin Rangers, who propose a rifle match to take place about April. Each corps is to fire on its own ground. A Chinaman was found dead in a hovel at Sandhurst on Tuesday. Death was caused partly by starvation and partly by scalds and burns which he had sustained when stretched in a state of helplessness on the floor. The right side of the face, neck, and scalp were blistered. The manager of the New Holland Company, Strathloddon (says the Mount Alexander Mail), had a narrow escape from instant death in the mine. He had just left off, and was moving away, when an immense block of stone fell where he had been at work, His feet were buried, but not injured. He looks upon his escape from being crushed to death as nothing less than miraculous. A "wild man" lately appeared on Talbot Flat and alarmed some of the housewives, He showed himself in a state of considerable undress, and went through some peculiar gesticulations with a tomahawk. When he saw that a number of persons were looking at him, he vanished in the direction of a tunnel which entered a neighbouring hill, and the police could not find him. In country places, when the races are over, they have two sorts of settling. If a man does not settle in one way he must in the other. This we state on the authority of the Wangaratta Dispatch, which gives the follow- ing as a conversation which recently occurred in the township :—" 'Were you at Moyhu Races ?' ' No.' Ah, you should have been here ; they were first-rate; and as to the settling in the evening it was the best I ever was at.' 'How so?' 'Why, for about three hours there was about the best solid fighting I ever saw; it was splendid good genuine hitting.' 'Ah, but you were not at Beech-- worth.'" Excellent returns ave being received from some of the mining claims in the neigh- bourhood of Beechworth, although most of the ground was worked in years gone by. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser, from which this information is obtained, mentions the claim of the Rocky Mountain Sluicing Company, on Spring Creek, from which 1,200 oz. has been got as the result of twelve months' labour at a total expense of £1,500. It is not the richness of the ground in the company's lease that has caused the returns to be so good—the average yield per square yard is little more than 2dwt.—but the syste matic method of working, and the large quantity of dirt put through. They take some interest in mining board elections at Sale. At the late elections,. twenty voters rode twenty-fix miles through flooded country, and risked their lives crossing the River Avon, sooner than miss the opportunity to vote for their man. NO less than seven deliberate attempts have been made within the last month (says the Warrnambool Standard) to send destruc tion abroad with the aid of fire in the parishes of Keilambete and Garvoc. The remains of carefully prepared trains of bark and of the matches used in igniting them have been found in close proximity to the fires in several instances, whilst in the others the remote places in which the fires have broken out lead to the belief that some dastardly scoundrel is at large in the district. Messrs. Edols and Napthine have up to the present been the heaviest sufferers, the former having lost close to 100 acres of grass and the latter about 40. THE Drysdnle correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser writes :—" A most disgraceful act of cruelty has come to light in this township. In consequence of information I received, I went to the local pound, and saw a two-year-old filly that had been subjected to the most brutal ill-treatment. The animal was found wandering with an iron chain round its neck, weighted with a log of wood. The chain had torn the flesh to the bone, one eye protruded from the head, the sight being gone, two gaping wounds were on the leg, apparently caused by the same means. The alleged owner will not claim the poor brute, which is now in the hands of the police, who intend to prosecute, and a conviction and heavy punishment is a consummation devoutly to be wished." Mr. S. W. M'Gowan, the inspector of post and telegraph offices, while journeying by mail coach from Portland to Belfast on Saturday week, picked up a mahogany backboard of one of Her Majesty's war ships on the sea beach. By the signals engraved upon it, it is known not to belong to a vessel on the Australian station. THE Ballarat Star publishes the rumour current in Ballarat that "the Government plan for the State schools there involves the abolition of a number of the largest and oldest schools. A great deal of secrecy is observed by the Government in regard to educational matters, and the teachers are prohibited from giving any information ; but if such changes as those now believed to be proposed are carried out, a decided sensation will be made." An amusing story of the appearance of a ghost is thus told by the Bendigo Advertiser : —" A story has reached us of the adventures of a pair of turtle doves last Wednesday evening while billing and cooing somewhere over at Back Creek. It appears that a young lady and gentleman were taking their walks abroad some time after dark, when, as the tale is told, unto them a ghost appeared—a terrible figure in white—which moved noiselessly into their vicinity, and after making some warning gestures, suddenly and mysteriously disappeared. The damsel fainted, and her sterner companion, it is said, confesses to having shaken in his manly shoes. That they saw something which they had reason to believe to be supernatural, they are prepared to make oath, but if there are any young people about Back Creek likely to be jealous of either of them, or fond of practical joking, perhaps a clue to the mystery of the apparition may be obtainable." A public meeting was held at Pyalong on Monday afternoon, when resolutions were assed in favour of the Kilmore Branch Railway, and ordered to be transmitted to Sir Charles Gavan Duffy for presentation to the Commissioner of Railways. Mr. Vaughan, the station-master at Broadford, has been found, on the report of the traffic manager, to have been wholly to blame for the meeting of two trains near Broadford on the 8th February last. He has been reduced to the position of porter, from which he was some time since promoted. 