OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondents Adelaide, December 23, fiow frequently does it happen that we fail to appreciate our blessings until we have lost them. Whilst the session lasted I, amongst others-the great majority in the city-railed at Parliament as an unmitigated nuisance-a weak invontion of the news papers for finding material for their columns, a solemn farce, and so fortlx; but now that it has been brought to an end the case is diffW rent. An unfailing storehouse of subjeots for correspondence has been closed, a patient scapegoat over which one was at liberty to pour out his complaints has strayed into the wildnerness beyond hope of recall, an un complaining dog that might be beaten by any stick that came handiest, has given up , the ghost. Yes, looking back upon the past I feel that even the Legislature has its uses,; and penitently cry peccavi for having pre sumed to revile it. To make the matter still more hard to bear the Governor has put off the meeting of the Houses for moro than three months. However much the country may stand in need of fresh legislation--how ever hard up city correspondents may be, members cannot meet again until the end of Maroh. To name such a distant date is, I believe, unprecedented in the parliamentary annals of this city, and of course ingenious people are enquiring the why and the where fore. Last week I ventured to suggest that it was to prevent all chance of an earlier meeting, but auother version of the matter has since been published. It is stated that the Governor and his advisers have acted with the malicious desigu of placing impecu nious members upon their mettlo. By ope ration of law the protection to a legislator ex tends over forty days from the time of pro rogation, and no further; and, generally speaking, it has been arranged that no period of prorogation shall be longer thau forty (lays, In this case the interval is ninety odd days, so that there will be seven weeks during which active bailiffs and sheriff's officers may take their revenge upon the bodies of the representatives of the people who have the misfortune to owe money and possess not the means of paying their debts. The idea is somewhat far-tetcned, and for the oredit of the Ministry it iB to be hoped they are too high-minded to resort to suoh a species of terrorism. The Northern Territory companies are at their wits' end to know what to make of their properties. They have Bpent some scores of thousands of pounds in the searoh for the precious metal, and are now ready to confess that all is vanity and vexation of spirit. In two or three crushing is either about to take plaoe or has already been commenced, but in the majority of instances no progress worth reporting has been made. The managers have been unable to break through the attractions of Palmerston, and have stayed there boozing at their employers' expense. The laborers sent up to work the olaims have struck-not the reef, but for higher, to wit, absolutely exorbitant wages. Altogether, therefore, the prospects aro gloomy in the extreme, or at all events are. assumed to be. Ono sauguine correspondent has telegraphed down describing the depres sion which now characterises the market as being equally absurd with the wild excite ment of six or eight months ago,, but his cheering words have not materially influ enced the market. To give shareholders for whom they are aoting the impression that they aro fully aiivo to the responsibilities of their position, the directors, or as many of them as ohose to assemble, held a meeting this afternoou to discuss the question of bringing over Coolies to work the mines. There were about fifty persons present, and the feeling was all in favor of entering upon this work of immigration, Ultimately a committee was appointed, consisting of all the direotors of the mining companies-say a couple of hundred men-to arrange details and wait as a deputation upon the Govern ment. Letters were read at the meeting suggesting the importation of Chinese aud free Afrioans from America. Some further information has come to hand from Mr. William Gosse. It appears that he travelled to a point considerably beyond the limits of North Australia, and was ulti mately driven back by the want of water and the hot weather. In his journey he has passed through some fairly good land, but there is an immense tract of spinifex-covored country, which stretches away towards the west, One of the most singular discovories made was a rock of pure conglomerate two miles long, one wide, and 1100 feet high, with a spring coming from the ccntre. In prospect of the holidays there is not vory much business being done except in fancy ware shops, and those establishments which minister to the material wants of humanity. TliTniorry Ohristmastide is once again upon us, and for the next week Ade laide will be given up to the festivities of the season. TIio intercolonial steamers aro taking crowded complements of -passengers over to tho other colonies-the main attrac tion being Molbourne, where the All-England cricketers aro the "lions" of the season. Holiday-makers by the hundred have already left Adelaido for tho hills or seaside, and hundreds moro will bid adieu to the metro olis to-morrow in order to spend Christmas ay with country cousins. Let us hone that the happy associations of Christmastiuo may attend the family gatherings aud sooial re uuions which give a charm to the present season, aud that in those homes where sorrow and suffering are household guests the " glad tidings" which the augels proclaimed may give consolation to many a mourning heart. 'flip l}terq,ti}rp of (Jhrjatn)aa 9110 qf the ohief ohnraptB)'}stio3 of tlje Qcctys}oij Jn thp old eouutry, and we in this antipodean pro vince of the British Empire aro beginning to associate with this merry holiday time the productions of our local authors and author esses. The press has just issued "Poems by Ellie," not specially a Christmas publica tion, but full of kindly sympathy and thoughtful love in consonance with Christ mas sentiments ; and two essentially Christ mas publications, the one by Mr. J. C. F. Johnson entitled " Christmas on Carringa," and the other bearing tho mystical title " Hobgoblins" by Mr. Unohoo and his cousin Udoutnohqo. So^th Australia cannot at present bp^st loiully qf lifif'ljtorature, but these latest issgt^es from the press are credit able productions. T)ie "Poems by Ellie" will be a pleasant memorial of the geuius of ono of tho sweetest wooers of the Muses of whom the colony cau boast, By this time next week Elizabeth Wool* cock will have expiated her crime upon the scaffold. It is rumoured-though with what authority I cannot Ray-that she has made confession of her guilt. It is sincerely hoped that Ridgway will also make confession before he suffers, for an uneasy feeling does exist in tho public mind that although very strong suspicion pointed to him as tne mur derer, the logal proof of the murder having been committed by him is not absolutely substantiated. Tho sad position of these,, two wretched criminals forms a melanoholy contrast to the universal gladness and rejoic ing of the season. 