FINANCE IN NEW ZEALAND. Should Sir James Fergusson wish to find a capital text for a sermon with which to signalize his entry upon his new office we commend to his notice the financial condition of the country he has been appointed to rule over. With that good-natured tendency to think the best of oar neighbours which as a rule characterizes this community, we have been accustomed to regard New Zealand as being in the enjoyment of an enviable degree of prosperity. Her delightful climate, magnificent resources, enterprising population, and high favour at imperial headquarters have long [formed a theme of general remark in this province as elsewhere. The grand scale upon which her railway works and public undertakings generally have been conceived and are being carried out has put to the blush the pigmy operations of some of the Australian depen- dencies. Colonial politicians, revolving in their minds brilliant schemes for revolutionizing the cautious humdrum policy to which they have felt themselves tied down, have sought inspiration from the example of those flourishing settlements in the Pacific. New Zealand alone, of all the colonies of the South, has reached their ideal of what a country, small in population but teeming with natural wealth and big with promise of future greatness, should be. Her states men alone, of all the statesmen of the South, have proved equal to the responsibility of the position in which they have found them- selves placed; they alone have realized and acted up to the proper standard of progress as applicable to new States, But although New Zealand has without question earned a high reputation for self-reliance, enterprise, and energy, she is evidently drifting towards a somewhat critical period in her history. The possession of a debt of nine and half million sterling (in the case of a young colony con- taining 270,000 inhabitants is an evidence of self-confidence that cannot be gainsaid, but it is not all to her advantage. Future generations may gratefully acknowledge the thoughtfulness of their progenitors in pledging the credit of the colony to obtain funds for reproductive works, provided they have only the net cost of those works to repay; but it becomes a different matter when they have to meet capital and the interest of years converted into a permanent loan besides. Nominally the practice of paying interest out of capital is not resorted to, but practically it is, for the General Revenue is lightened of burdens that legitimately belong to it on purpose to make it strong enough to bear the pressure of interest charges. New Zealand taxpayers are strikingly like South Australian taxpayers iu this, that whilst they have an invincible aversion to increased taxation they have no objec- tion to enlarged expenditure. Indeed, if that expenditure can be met without directly troubling them, they accept it as a clear evidence of national prosperity. According to the testimony of an evidently well-informed writer, who under the title of Master Humphrey has issued a pamphlet designed to show the necessity for reform in the financial affairs of New Zealand, the revenue of our insular neighbour&| like that of this colony until recently, has been for some time declining, although the fact has been adroitly disguised by philosophic Treasurers who have always succeeded in finding a balance, and thus quieting the apprehensions of the public. The highest point reached by the Consolidated Fund in any one year was, we are informed, £1,225,584. That was in 1867\. In 1868 it fell to £1,195,512, and ever since it has been diminishing twelve- month by twelvemonth in very much the same ratio. Two years ago the very con- venient principle was adopted of charging a portion of the defence outlay, amount- ing on an average to £180,000 annually, to the Loan Fund. But this was not the only relief afforded to the General Revenue, for we find that the system of Treasury bills, which is just becoming popularized here, has taken firm root at Wel- lington. For the year ending June, 1870, there was a deficiency, taking into considera- tion the unpaid liabilities of the previous twelvemonth, of close upon half a million sterling, towards meeting which £365,000 worth of Treasury bills had to be issued. The years 1870-71 marked a period of financial depression, and almost every item of revenue showed a falling off, the total income, ex- elusive of amounts derived from Treasury bills and other loan funds, being £936,188. Customs, we are told, declined from £813,000 to £745,000 — still a splendid return as com- pared with the South Australian receipts; stamp duties dropped from £62,410 to £55,621; and other sources of revenue fell short in like proportion. Inasmuch as the sum to be met during the year was £1,592,900, inclusive of the redemption of Treasury bills, it will be seen that the loan-chest had to be appealed to pretty largely. The deficiency admitted by the Treasurer at the close of June, 1871, was £122,000; but taking into consideration an item of £52,000 for interest ingeniously carried forward without proper warrant into the next year's accounts, another of £171,000, consisting of military expendi- ture charged against the special funds under the arrangement above alluded to, and a third of £118,000, made up of mis- cellaneous payments to provinces, the total deficit was raised to £463.000. Owing to the non-appearance as yet of the complete accounts for 1871-2, Master Hum- pbrey is unable to bring his detailed exami- nation of the finances of New Zealand down to a recent date, but from the vouchers that have come to light he deduces the con- elusion that between June, 1871, and June, 1872, matters went from bad to worse. Although the debt of the colony was during the twelvemonth increased by £1,102,472, not more than £018,493 of the amount was expended upon public works, the deficit having in all probability absorbed the balance of £483,979. This explanation, whether it prove strictly correct or not, is perfectly consistent with the policy of the Administrations that have of late held sway in New Zealand. They manifestly retain their place in the affections of the people through their 'amiable faculty' of making things pleasant. Whilst money is pouring in upon them from abroad they scruple not to divert a portion of it towards ordinary requirements, feeling convinced that the revenue from taxation only needs time to recover its buoyancy and meet all demands upon it. Against this course of procedure Master Humphrey vehemently protests. He shows that it is swelling the Loan Account to an extent out of all proportion to the increase of the Sinking Fund set apart for its extinction, and consequently that it is heaping up liabilities which will seriously cripple the energies of the people and discourage emigration to the colony in. time to come. The policy which is rapidly leading to such unsatisfactory results in New Zealand is not altogether unknown to South Aus- tralia. Unfortunately we have become somewhat familiar with deficits, and still more unfortunately we are being gradually indoctrinated into the New Zealand way of meeting them. In both instances the reasons are the same. The public have de- murred to fresh taxation, and their accom- modating rulers have sought other means of increasing the revenue. On this point the reflections of Master Humphrey are almost as applicable to our circumstances as they are to those of the colony for which he writes. 'When,' he remarks, 'bad or wasteful government is brought to bear on the people, 31 it eventually must be, in the shape of grinding taxation, an outcry is raised, and measures are adopted for enforcing economy. But in our case, instead of extravagance being associated with a vision of the stern tax- collector, the systematic borrowing enables Government to present itself for a time in the shape of a beneficent fairy with work for the unemployed, billets for the obedient, and lucrative contracts for those who may best deserve them. The strongest incentive to exercise a vigilant supervision over its proceedings is removed, and so long as the people can be persuaded that the pleasant system of artificial pros- perity can be maintained it is vain to expect them to interest themselves ; for the majority of mankind care little about abstract ideas, and rarely resent bad government until it manifests itself in some tangible present grievance.' ——— + ——— THE MOONTA MINE. — It is cheering not alone to the shareholders, but to everybody concerned in the welfare of the colony, to hear, as we statedly do, of the wonderful results achieved at the Moonta Mine. Another half-yearly report and balance- sheet only serve to give emphasis to the opinion that the value of the property is still undiminished, and that a long career of prosperity is still before it. The Directors make no attempt at hyperbolic language; they are content to let the facts and figures speak for themselves, with the simple addendum that 'notwithstanding the fall in copper at the beginning of the half year, and the comparatively low prices that prevailed for several months, the financial affairs of the Company, by the recent improvement that has taken place in the copper market, are at present in a satisfactory state.' The opera- tions of the past six months show a decided improvement upon the preceding half-year, a total of 12,641 tons of 20 per cent, ore and 5 per cent, slimes having been raised in the former, as against 10,102 tons in the latter. To the 12,641 tons there must be added 2,805 tons which were on hand on the 30th. September, 1872, so that the total quantity disposable for the period under review was 15,446 tons. Of this 12,144 tons wera dis- posed of to the Wallaroo Company under agreement, leaving a balance of 3,302 tons, estimated to be worth £46,828, to be carried forward to the credit of the current hall year. It is this satisfactory position of affairs, no doubt, that justifies the handsome dividend of £1 per share, or £32,000, which is announced as payable on the 3rd of April next. The actual proceeds from the sale of ore during the six months amount to £133,719 1s. 10d. The working expenses reached £81,428 10s. 5d., or £6,500; in excess of the amount set down in the last balance- sheet. In addition to this the sum of £48,000 has been paid in dividends to shareholders, all coming out of the realized profits without touching the capitalized property of the Com- pany. The total assets of the mine are set down at £166,934 6s. 8d., and as the liabi- lities are only £35,679 1s., there stands a balance to the credit of profit and loss of £131,255 5s. 8d. Captain Han- cock's half-yearly report gives ample information as to the workings. He gives particulars of the operations which are being carried on in twenty-seven shafts, some of which are over a hundred fathoms deep. The lode at the 100-fathom level in Taylor's Shaft is turning out four tons of 30 per cent, ore per fathom, while the one at the back of the 70-fathom level 13 yielding as much as eight tons of 35 per cent, ore per fathom. At most of the lodes very satis- factory results are being attained, and the Captain modestly adds that 'on the whole the yield of the mine continues very good, and the prospects are quite sound and healthy.' The Company's establishment comprises 18 officers, 832 miners, 49 mechanics, 213 labourers, 207 boys, who, with three officers in Adelaide, make a total of 1,322 persons. Last half year we had to lament that so many of the miners on the Peninsula had yielded to what appeared to be superior inducements offered by the other colonies ; but since then we hear that a large proportion of the emigrants have returned, and that they are more satisfied with the results of their employment upon the Moonta and other mines than they were at the Peak Downs. It is satisfactory to know that the miners are to some extent sharing in the prosperity which is attending many of the mines now in operation upon the Peninsula. ——— + ——— YELTA MINING COMPANY.— The half yearly report and balance-sheet of this Company have been submitted to the share- holders. The various shafts appear to be producing good results, and a large amount of profitable ground is reported to be now standing at the different levels. The number of hands employed at present is 124, of whom 90 work underground and 32 on the surface, while two are costeening. The ex- penditure during the six months has amounted to £7,554 0s. 3d., and the Produce Account shows that £7,919 15s. 4d. has been received from the sale of ore. The total assets stand at £7,863 17s. 1d., while the liabilities are £3,689 2s., leaving a credit balance of £4,174 15s. 1d. All the machinery is stated to be in good order, and the mine throughout is said to be in a very satisfactory condition THE OUTGOING MAIL STEAMER.— The follow- ing are the passengers booked for the outgoing mail steamer :— For Suez, Messrs. A. and D. McCulloch; for Brindisi, Mr. A. Cunningham; for Southampton, Mr. F. J. West. THE SUPREME COURT.— On Thursday the examination of Mr. K. P. Boucaut in the case of Towler v. Rounsevell was completed, and also the examination-in-chief of Mr. R. W. Pearce, who was Mr. Towler's overseer for the construc- tion of a portion of the Trans-Australian Tele- graph line. This occupied the Court until 3.40 p.m, and as it would have been impossible to finish the cross-examination of the latter witness that day, and it had already been arranged that the Court should adjourn at its rising on Thursday until Monday, the 31st inst., the cross-examination was not commenced, and the Court was adjourned to the above-mentioned date. THE EQUITY COURT.— The Primary Judge will sit in Equity to-day. THEATRICAL. — It will be seen from a glance at our shipping column that the members of the theatrical company for the Royal have arrived per steamer from Melbourne. WHAR FRONTAGES.— On Thursday the leases of two more wharf frontages at Port Adelaide were offered by auction at the Land Office. Both were knocked down to Mr. A. Hardy at £20 5s. each per annum, five shillings above the upset price. The frontages, which have each a length of 181 feet, are situated on the Govern- ment Reserve, south of Hawker's Creek east of and in one case adjoining the Semaphore-road. THE SLATE TRADE.— Since the wreck of the schooner Kangaroo slate quarry owners at Wil- lunga have engaged the Emily to take ship- ments to the Victorian market. This latter schooner entered Port Willinga on Monday morning, and was to complete her cargo this week, she will carry away 80 tons of roofing, and 10 tens of flagging, including the large slab belonging to Mr. Bastian, sawn by Mr. Hawken. It is two and a half inches thick, measures 71 superficial feet, and took the prize at the late Willunga Agricultural Society's Show. LIBEL AND PERJURY CASES.— Just as the Supreme Court was about to rise at the further adjournment of the case of Towler v. Routttevell on Thursday, Mr. Boucaut applied to Mr. Justice Wearing for a rule nisi of attachment against Mr. Ubenezer Ward, M.P., for contempt of Court. The counsel remarked that an informa- tion for libel had recently been heard in the Adelaide Police Court, and the defendant com- mitted for trial to the Supreme Court. One of the parties in that case, who was a witness, had been most violently attacked and accused of perjury in a public print of the colony [the Kapunda Guardian]. Such a charge being made before the libel case had gone to trial was calculated to injure the witness in the minds of the Jury, and was a contempt of Court. His Honor suggested that the application should be made to the Full Court, and said he would attend on Friday in order that the Full Court might sit if his learned colleague, Mr. Justice Gwynne, thought fit. Mr. Boucaut then announced his intention of thus applying. Most probably the Acting Chief Justice will agree to sit with Mr. Justice Wearing in Banco to hear this application before taking his seat as Primary Judge in Equity. On Thursday morning, at the City Police Court, Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P., laid an information against Mr. Rowland Rees, C.E., for perjury, alleged to have been committed in giving evidence during the libel case. The information will be heard at the Police Court on Tuesday. WHEAT STATISTICS. — We learn that the agricultural collectors on the whole are rather dilatory in sending in their returns, so that Mr. Boothby, the Government Statist, does not expect to be able to furnish his first skeleton return of the results of the harvest till another fortnight has elapsed. THE ANCHORAGE.— The vessels in the road- stead has been somewhat thinned in numbers lately, and on Thursday evening there were only six vessels remaining. In the morning three sailed with wheat cargoes, and others were towed into Port Adelaide. The Marpesia is still there, but her time of departure is now near, and if she succeeds as well in the homeward voyage as the outward trip she will show well to the front. WHEAT EXPORTATION.— From the Gazette of Thursday, March 27, we gather that the large quantities of 320,472 bushels of wheat and 1,302 tons of flour were exported from South Australia during the week ended March 22. This turned into tops, and reckoning 37 bushels to the ton, which is the freight measurement, represents something like 10,000 tons. During this year, upon the same calculation, over 60,000 tons have been shipped from the province; but taking the ordinary allowance ef 45 bushels per ton the quantity would stand at 54,000 tons, which for three months' work must be considered very good, it being more than half the gross ship- ments in the whole of the preceding year. DEATH FROM EXCESSIVE DRINKING.— On Wed- nesday night, March 26, at half-past 11 o'clock, John Henry Fretwell, who some years ago car- ried on business in Gawler-place as a dentist, was found lying apparently drunk across the foot- path in Hindley-street, opposite Mr. Nitschke's premises, and in a conveyance was by two con- stables taken to the Police Station. When there, as he showed symptoms of death, he was conveyed to the Hospital, where he expired on his arrival. An inquest was held at the Hos- pital on Thursday afternoon, when it was shown that Fretwell died from liver and kidney disease, brought on by excessive drinking, and a verdict was returned to that effect. The police had acted towards the poor man with the utmost consideration and kindness, and in the verdict the Jury very properly recognised their humane conduct. A full report will be found else- where. ELECTORAL APATHY.— A meeting to consider who were the most fit persons to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council was con- vened, as we have already mentioned, to be held in the Moonta Institute on Wednesday evening. Half an hour after the appointed time there were merely 15 persons present, and of those who had arranged to speak relative to the prepared propositions three or four were absent. Mr. Crutchett, the Town Clerk, read an apology from Mr. C. Drew, the Mayor, who was to have presided, and another from Councillor Furner, both of whom regretted not being able to attend. After an interval Councillor Assheton said that many electors who had promised to attend were not present, and as so few had come he thought it desirable that the meeting should disperse. Certainly they were late in the field, as the nominations were over. Under the cir- cumstances he considered that they might confess that the gathering was a failure, for it would be a farce to go on with the business. Mr. Paqualin moved that Mr. E. H. Derrington, M.P., take the chair, but he thought it would be prema- ture to appoint a Chairman before they knew whether they would proceed. He remarked that perhaps there were people outside waiting to come in. A policeman standing at the door way was asked how many men there were near. 'Two, Sir,' was the reply, so those composing the meeting immediately took up their hats and departed. THE INVERARAY MISHAPS.— The unfortunate Inveraray ia secure at the outer moorings of Port Victor at present, but when she will get away to sea it is difficult to surmise. Since her arrival four other vessels have entered Victor Harbour, taken in cargoes of wheat, and sailed again. Indeed three of the four arrived at Sydney with their loading on the 23rd instant as published. The Inveraray has still about 30 tons of stuff to take on board. Her mishaps have not occurred from any defect in the moorings, for these remain secure. Many ships of double her tonnage have ridden out strong gales from the south-east with a heavy sea and sustained no injury. On the 12th instant, when the Inverary broke away the first time, the Galatea was lying at a mooring near, and by letting out a proper cable rode easy and safe. The residents at Victor Harbour are pleased to see ships coming there direct, and are particularly glad when they do so with dispatch. They hope that when the Inveraray leaves for London she may have a thoroughly successful passage. PROLIFIC SEED.— Captain Chase, of Sur- veyor's Point, Yorke's Peninsula, has shown us a list of pie melons produced on his farm from a single seed five years old. The total number was 44, and the aggregate weight 2,026 lbs. The heaviest grown upon the plant was 87 lbs., and the lightest 10 lbs. He states that he also grew 121 bags of good clean wheat and 24 sacks of inferior quality from 11 bags of rusty seed as small as rice. This produce was obtained from 35 acres of land. Captain Chase states that snakes and adders have been more than usually plentiful this season, and that he has killed while mowing 24 of the former and 15 of the latter. Two of the reptiles were those known as the black snakes, which were found four miles away from the nearest watsr. Of the adders 13 were a dirty rusty brown colour ; the other two were striped with blue and purple, and very handsome in appearance. BRICKMAKING BLOCK.— The Government have lost no time in availing themselves of the provi- sions of the Miscellaneous Leases Act, and on Thursday another proof of this appeared in their offering at auction m the Crown Lands Office for brickmakirg purposes the fourteen years' lease of four acres on the Park Lands north-west of Kadina, adjoining the reserve for water tanks. The purchaser was Mr. H. A. Corbett (through Mr. G. W. Cotton), and the rent agreed to be paid for a fourteen years' lease was £8 5s. per annum. The conditions provide for a resump- tion of the land upon six months' notice being given, a reservation of minerals, and a distinct covenant securing the use of the ground by the lessee solely for the making of bricks. PRACTICAL UNION.— The anniversary services of the Strathalbyn Wesleyan Chapel was held on Sunday last. The morning sermon was preached by the Rev. J. G. Wright, Primitive Methodist ; and in the afternoon and evening the Rev. T. Lloyd, of North Adelaide, officiated. There were large congregations. On Tuesday evening a public tea meeting was numerously attended, and a pleasing feature was the friendly feeling shown by members of various churches. At the public gathering the Rev. J. Y. Simpson presided. A crowded audience assembled, and addresses were given by the Chairman, the Revs. F. S. Poole, B. A. (Church of England), T. Lloyd (Weeleyan), J. G. Wright (Primitive), and other gentlemen. The Rev. J. F. Henderson (Presby- terian) being unwell, sent an apology for his absence. The anniversary was. if not the most successful ever held by the Wesleyans, one of the best. LECTURE.— 'The Bible Verified by Ancient Monumenys," or, as the printer erroneously put it on the tickets, ''Cement' Monuments,' was the title of an interesting lecture delivered by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide on Thurs- day evening, March 27, in Pulteney-street Schoolroom, to aid the funds of St. John's Sunday-School There was a large attendance, and the Rev. T, Jasper Smyth, M.A., presided. The Bishop referred to the Bible as the authentic depository of God's revealed will, written by men inspired by the Holy Ghost, and spoke of the discoveries recently made in buried cities as proving beyond doubt the accuracy of Scripture. He alluded to the objection that the art of writing was not known at the time when the Mosaic books were alleged to have been written, and argued that disco- veries in Egypt had entirely removed any doubt which might have arisen on that subject, ex- amples of ancient hieroglyphic writings being given. He then, remarked that the antiquity of various ancient cities was attested by Babylonian documents of a very early date. In Egypt discoveries had been made which established beyond question the point that the art of writing existed years age before Abraham's time. Valuable writings and sculp- tures had been recently brought to light by the enterprise or zeal of antiquaries. As to the alleged non-existence of evidence of the flight from Egypt and the destruction of Pharaoh's host, the lecturer argued that no nation cared to record its defeats and disasters, but many other proofs of the authenticity of the Bible were available; still as regarded the flight recent observations I had fully verified biblical accounts. The country over which the Israelites are now supposed to have travelled in its natural features exactly accorded with the ancient descriptions. Biblical history was traced, and many arguments were advanced in support of its truth. Maps of countries mentioned were shown, and specimens of old forms of record were produced. The lecture, which was very interesting, secured the attention of the audience, who were additionally entertained with musical selections performed by amateurs, who acquitted themselves creditably. INQUEST. — Last Saturday afternoon Dr. Esau, J.P., of Woodside, held an inquest at the Charleston Hotel to ascertain the cause of the death of Mr. Walter Douglas, a negro comedian and minstrel, who, accompanied by Mr. Harry West, arrived in Australia several years ago with Evans's Satsuma Troupe of Japanese Jugglers. Messrs. J. Hammond, H. Tullipan, and H. West at the enquiry deposed as to the circumstances attending the decease of the player, and a verdict of 'Died from a fit of apoplexy' was returned. Douglas, who had been lately travel- ling with Mr. Tullipan's lion Show, was appa- rently quite well on Friday evening, March 21, and having taken a good meal at tea-time, he then went out, about an hour before the usual time for performing. As he was missed not long after West went in search, and called him, but received no answer, and a gong was next sounded. The proprietor of the Show, on being told that something was evidently wrong, at once directed that the exhibition should not be opened, and alight having been got, the poor fellow Douglas was soon after found lying in a stable, and was carried into the hotel, where a docter, who was immediately sent for, pro- nounced the man dead. His funeral was nume- rously attended, and his late comrades remained at Charleston till Tuesday, when they went on their journey depressed at the loss of their companion, who was a favourite with the company. PASTORAL LEASING. — At the Government Land Office Pastoral Lease No. 1531, represent- ing country on the Great Bight, in District C, having an area of 114 square miles and a term of 21 years, was sold on Thursday to Mr. R. B. Smith, at a premium of £5 5s., with a fee of 10s. 6d. for the lease. In the case of two other lots in the same region there were no bids. The terms are a charge of 2d. and 1s. per head respectively on the sheep and great cattle depastured, with a minimum rental of 2s. 6d. per square mile. [From yesterday's Evening Jouranl.(sic.)] Law Reform in England.— Sir R. R. Torres, writing from England by the last mail to a friend here, says: — 'I purpose early next session proposing a measure for applying my system of conveyancing to lands in this country. The subject is attracting public attention, and I am supported by the Attorney-General; there- fore, though the project is rather ambitious, I do not despair of success.' THE SAVINGS BANK.— During the absence of the Accountant of the Savings Bank on leave, Mr. E. B. Pearce will be the Acting Accoun- tant. The regular work of the institution will be carried on by the present staff, with the addi- tion probably of a junior clerk. THE NEW RESERVOIR.— The reservoir at Hope Valley, from which the city has been supplied during the last three months, is being rapidly emptied, with a view to its examination to ascertain the nature of the soakage which was discovered outside the embankment some time ago. WILLUNGA TO LONDON.— The barque Egbert, of 280 tous register, anchored outside Port Willunga on last Thursday evening to take a cargo of wheat to London direct. As the vessel cannot get within a mile of the jetty, the corn has been taken in large boats to her in the roadstead, and she may finish loading this week. MODBURY AND PARADISE ROAD.— A deputa- tion from the Highercombe District Council, consisting of the Chairman (Mr. John Gollop), and Messrs. Chas. Kolwes and Henry Klopper, members of the Council, was introduced by the Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Thursday, to ask for an addi- tional sum of money for a road near the New Reservoir. The Hon. A. Blyth stated some time since, when he was out of the country and the Commissioner was not in office, it was found necessary to take a road from the Higher- combe Bistrict Council in connection with the New Reservoir. The Council asked for another road and £300 to make it, but the Government at that time only gave £150 with the road, which was allowed. It was then thought that the ground was of a very soft description, and that the £150 might cover the expense; but in the work, which was now partly completed, the Council had found a hard rock, very difficult for blasting, to cut through. This chcumstance, of course, had increased the expense very much, and £180 had already been laid out. As a half promise had been made that another £50 might be aided to the amount given to the Council if it was found necessary, the deputation wished to ask for that amount. If no money was advanced they did not see what they could do except to fence up the road, which was impassable. If it were completed it would prove to be very much used by persons going out for drives from Adelaide round the Reservoir, and some light business traffic would now be upon it if it were passable. The members of the deputation further urged the matter, and the Commissioner replied that he would do what he could to meet the case. He did not see where the money was to come from now, but if nothing else could be done he would promise to place the sum upon the Estimates. The deputation then thanked him and withdrew. PARLIAMENT HOUSE.— In consequence of Mr. Branthwaite, the Clerk-Assistant of the Legis- lative Council, having obtained twelve months' leave of absence to visit England, the following changes have been made in the Parliament Offices :— Mr. Halcomb, the present Librarian, is appointed Acting Clerk-Assistant, and Mr. John Morphett, the eldest son of the late Presi- dent of the Council, Acting Librarian. By an arrangement of salaries these changes cause no increase in the Parliamentary expenditure. Mr. Branthwaite, we understand, draws half-pay of his office, Mr. Halcomb, his locum tenens, taking the other half. Mr. Halcomb will draw also half-pay of the Librarian's salary, Mr. Morphett getting the remaining moiety. These changes and their conditions are the result of an arrange- ment between the Library Committee and the Government. Mr. Morphett is, like his prede- cessor, Mr. Halcomb, a University man, having been an undergraduate of Pembroke College, Oxford. THE ATRATO.— To prevent inconvenience, we have been asked to direct the attention of intending passengers per the steamship Atrato to the fact that her date of sailing has been postponed from the 10th to the 17th, on account of the Easter holidays. 