' A CAT'WITE- NINE LIVES:' Continuedfromnouri'latt. 'But how ? - We tried gentle methods. We " enticed":her, not,' .with handqpikes," but with a persuasive broomstick, to leave the premises at onci. She defied us. Like love, turned from the door, shl entered again by way of the window.': We invited her to drive, and, selecting,a: desirable farmhouse at a'. distance from, home,, dropped ..hir and drove away. The first time, taken; by surprise, she was actually: got out of the ,-~ann - but, als ! tlie road was familiar to her as to our?n?..-.._ajwhen we 'got home she was there to greet us. "'xa----- ..nd and third attempt she resolutely refused tc be put' out, and by'dint of clnws and teeth carried the"'point. Subsequently-grown wary-she dis'appeared the momtnnt the liorse came to the door. ' It was no use trying to " lose" her. Something more effectual was needed; it came to this-the cat must be killed.. Easy to say, but.who was to do it ? Kate, with her honourable scars still .unhealed ? Little Amy, shy.and.fair.as a white. kiten. herself Were they to be executioners ? ir was I, who could no t t a beetle to death wvithout - pang, even, when canughtfigrante deliclto'"ii the sii;'ir-bu.4iii ? Iipossible ! All-our hopes cenirri? in Edward. lie was cnming hiome! lHe was a man! He had a pistol! He wouil rid us of Alaric the Scourge. , : .. Edward came.. He is'our 'only brother, and although I say it as shouldn't, the best boy in 'the. world. .His passion: for ' cats equals our own. When we informed him the very first evenitig that Paregoric -other wise Alaic -wasusto be sent to her account by his instrumenthlity, he;became absolutely rigid with horror. " Kill her !" he cried, "why, girls, what a cruel:notion ! Such a beauty, too. Poor puss,.poor. puss !" He stroked her glossy f'ur as she passed. " See, now, all she. wants. is geritle treatment," he went on,--triumi pliantly-- " gentle treatment, darlings. 'ry it a while, and you'll be convinced. Y'ou must have been rough with the poor hint ." . . ' . Before long. le changed his opinion. When his breakfast had thrice vanished from his 'plnte-when a permanent cold chill had been established down his back, and his hands and face, by dint of repeated scratclhei, resembled a South Sea-Islander'in full' 'tattoo-" tlie deep damnation of her taking off':became easier of contemplation. He first endured, then embraced the idea. One morning he was seen cleaning his pistol, and soon after breakfast, with white 1 ps, he announced that' the hour had come the hour and the man! ......... The girls fld. upostais,-. I shut my door. I. was glad, but somehow didn't exactly want to hear the pop. However; by dint of' straining ..my hearing. not 'to: hear, .1 heard ;" ud next moment an agitated pair of boots clattered along the entry, and Edward flung the door open. " Oh, Mary!" ' , ýW"What is it?" I cried, for he was deadly pale. S".Dreadful! dreadful !" he gasped. ,"That poor animal! I have wounded-mangled her, without killing ! She has, crept' away somewhere to die.in agony!" and. he.. sank. in a chair and gave vent to, a series of low groans. ' Where did it happen?" "Out in the yard. She was chasing chickens, and had killed' two. Thate gave me courage to fire; and when I looked she was just'vanishing into the barn. She will die there'by inches. I cannot bear to think of it. " What can we do ?" '" Oh, I don't know !" flinging himself about. "You might go ou~ and see if 'you could' find her-and--yes, Mary dear, take the ether bottle'with you; perhaps it may relieve her sufferings a little. Oh ! oh !" He was so miserable that I made him lie on theb sofa, 'while .Kate and I, bearing our palliative, went in search of his victim. High and low did we look-through loft, barn yard, and haymow; and pathetically did we, cry " Kitty. kitty!" No answering mew replied. After an hour and a half we came back, shocked, excited, but with a certain sense ofrelief. The "scourge" was actually disposed of. Alas! That'evening, as we sat, a happy family, enjoying the cup which cheers with out inebhiating, and a repose of spirit long unknown, a heavy body, sudden and un expected as aerolite, descended upon our backs'. I"say "ours;" I believe it was mine; butenaclfelit t as herl.own. :"There sle was, a dreadful eidolon- tail waving, eyes emitting a fiery gleam; and in another moment, seizing a scrap ofmeataind upsetting the water-pitcher, she had vanished anew' into her accustomed den. We looked at each other, speechless. Could such things be ? " Bridget," I asked that night, "did you pee Master Edward when he shot the cat ?" " Indade, Miss. Mary, I did." " How was it ?" "I was looking out of the pantry windy, miss, and I seen it all. First he shut his eyes-dear youn'g gintleman; it's:thie tender heart he has;, niver's thebaste ori bird he'd harm:with his. goodwill-and thin he pulled the pistil, and it wint bang, it did; but the cat, litilishe, minded it. Shewas aff like a strake of lightning, scaredlike by.ihe noised. No harm did sh6i git,, by .my. thinking, and bad scran to her !" So Edward began by shutting his eyes'! Perhaps that did account for it! He was . greatly relieved. " Poor pussy, poor pussy," I heard him saying, "TI'llnever kill you again-never.",. For a day o'r two shel shone as a rescued martyr; then 'a change came, and he was o'verheard asking the doctor what was the p;,opier poison to give a cati .' The next day Kate reported him mixing a.white powder with pussy's breakfast. We asked no questions, but braced our minds for a tragedy. :. Some hours passed peacefully by. .' All was quiet alonrig, (li river." Edward came to sit with me. He looked nervous, but as time wore on grew calmer;, and proposed to readi aloud. I handed, him' Tennysop, last, and we were in 'the" iiddle ?if the ".Holy Grail," when a' growl.by no means holy was heard at the.. door,.a'nd 'in the middle:of the room suddenly appeared tihq c . a : . . . . ..' , . . . 'Never mloretrAirra'ihe rlifd-alerty strng, vindictive, from the tip of her whiskers to the tip of her tail. ' Nolfio*r ever made a fiercer appearonce. Edward-stared lis if he hadseen a ghost;-tben h;sking.ae ck in. his chair, ejaculated faintly- "'Mary, that animal defies death."; , She had swallowed the :whole dose It seemed to'affiec'th'er" merely 'ns 1a gentle tonbic, antd 'I nevei k iw. h6 piri-ts ant appetite better than ithey were that morning " Bedad," said old Peter, our, gardenini, factotiin, when:he heard the, story; '" here's a lape bl'of troiledhboiu a plaiu'y behat.e I1 Miss Mary says soI'll kill lier mes;:if. e--.Glad enough was Miss Mary to t say so,' and to- lifrtl»'irdon;::d, of( asassination from the lfailySboulders. "".;. " Jist you ask no questions," lie went on; Sbut ind me a bit of a bag. I'll engage ye've seen tlhelast of lier." , ' : ' . Something left the gate% that afternooni swinging from Peter's arm-somtlhing Inng end ;hHavy-thalt .waved. and ,struggled wildly'as it went.::We: averted' our. eyes, shudlerel, and were thaukfiUl.' ' . SOne" hli'uilater a' te'rific cry ' sumi'iinned us to the kitchen-Kate firom Ihei: garden, Amy flying downstairs, and .E ward,..book in hand, froin the . stud:y. Th1r6 ' stood Peter, pale and shiakirin, iis' ryes, big andl round with terror, fixed upon an apparition which occupied the middle oi.thl hearth-- im apparition with dump, st-maiing fur nod hedraggled tail, wlich licked'itsrlf and gave vent tomiiutered mews:' in short, dthe ap pariiionof. Paregoric, returned, an. uneasy ghost, from her.watery grave. .. .. . .. " Ah, it's bewitched she is !' Peter was ejaculating. .' Niver a.hand I'll lay on her again. She's riot lucky, Miss Mary." -Of this we needed no convincing; 'but what was still lesslucky, tlhe servants from this day stood in 'awe of her. No more "shoeing" her out with a broom at the hands of Bridget!, No more offers' of aid from Peter! In vrami we stro6ve to eliminate the'supernatural from the affair, represent inz that the bag .was thin, the claws withinf sharp;, and-their -owner - a noted swimmer.:. Chnrmed we never o., wisely, the Hibernian ear was deaf. MHatelrs be came intolerable. .Even human sympathy failed. People laughed. so that we grew shy of relating -our woes. Good Dr Jones only stood our friend. : * Miss .Mary, "you are losing flesh," he said; "ahnd Amy, your eyes have a frightened look in them. This wou't do. Suppose I tackle' this alarming benst.?'. ' " Oli, doctor'! Would you really ? But what .can you do? Water won't drown, anil: poison won't kill. What is there, left?" "Common sense, my.,dear,, the best or the lot. Just give mie a bnsket ·nd bag-a stout one this time--and I'll engage there shall be no more last appearances.' " With what joyfUll alacrity did I devote one of my best pillow?cases to the service ! Tlied therein, she .left. the house in the doctor's gig; and as we heard the 'wheels roll away, a general sigh. of satisfaction heaved our breasts. O'ur spectre was laid. '" Let no man call himself ..happy till he is dead." The very next moirning when the doors were opened, there on the steps, 'damp but undaunted, sat' a well-known figure our bad shilling on :.our bands 'again. Bridget gave a scream.of dismay, and, rushing between herlegs, Paregoric entered and took possession. " Witbhout wishing"to be superstitious," declaied Edward, '"'It must be confessed tiat this. is inexplicable." A diay or two, however, brought the ex planation. Ic wRis. low tide,' it 'appeared, whein the doctor,,; whirling by, flung the basket over the'bridge, and it lodged on .a mud flat.. Some fishermen, spying it, waded out in hopes of treasure-trove, and brought it ashore. .Their disgust may. be imagined when, on the lifting of the lid, the stately Puregorjc emerged. Brit little' recked she, as, taking the homeward way, she prepaied for us the agreeable surprise I have bnentioned. We succumbed. Useless to fly the country. Well we knew who would inevitably appear as partof tihe baggage at the journey's end. With the resignation of despair we aepted our fate, as thoroughly "subjective" as ever women were. And at this point, as her wont is, Fate veered suddenly about, and presented us with the.other pole of. her magnet-our: tdrment lelt: us. One night Paregoric., disappeared. .Orton's where abouts are not more uncertain. '"Them as isn't' wanted in this world isn't wanted in the next," the excellent Mrs Poyser asserts, so she can't be tier;e. but whether dog, school-boy, or t.iie longing for further worlds to conquer crossed her path we shall never know" She has probably ere this startled some ' other :family with " the ohallengeool her knock;, and wherever or whoever they are, our sympathy, our prayers, are with them; ;"and maIy 'Heavern" in good time senid sweet deliveinmde ! A 'briefless barrister ought never to be blamed, for.it is decidedly wrong to abuse a man without a cause.' 