(To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sir, — You have frequently exposed, and that very properly, the grossly superstitious and degrading manner in which such seasons as Christmas and Good Friday are observed by the Church of Rome. This lias led me to reflect of late how this corrupt state of tilings was brought about, and liave been led to the conclusion that it was greatly caused by a departure from the great principle that Christ, as the only king and head of his church, possesses sole autboritj' to prescribe laws for its worship and government. I need not remind your readers that this principle is plainly laid down by Christ in the commission given by him to his Apostles pre vious to his departure from them, Matthew xxviii. 17-20 — "All power is given unto me in heaven and earth ; go ye therefore and teach (or disciple) all nations, baptizing them in the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you," &c.; The Saviour founds his charge on the fact that, as Mediator, all power was given to Him in heaven and earth. He had thus authority to prescribe laws for tlie clairca, and He has done so. - He did not leave it to the discretion of the Apostles, and far less to the discretion uf those that were to be discipled by them, what things they were to observe. The Apostles we're simply to teach the disciples or members of tlie cburch to observe what He commanded. Well had it been for the church if it had continued to adhere to that principle in its worship and government. But alas? deviations from that principle were soon introduced into the Christian Church. The assumption was made and maintained that the church had a right to appoint rites and cere monies, to ordain certain festivals in addition to those ordained by Christ, the lawgiver of the church. Human expediency was also combined with this arrogant assumption. For the sake of drawing both Jews and Pagans into the church, many rites and ceremonies were adopted from both, that they might feel more at home in the Christian assemblies. This evil increased until, before tlie Reformation, it had reached that revolting amount of superstition which now dis tinguishes the Church of Rome. Even in tlie beginning of tlio 5tli century Augustine com plained that, for every one appointment of God's ten of mail's had crept into tho clinrch. It is sometimes argued that the statements of Paiil in the 14th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans, covers the observance of religious observances of mere human appointment— " One man esteemeth one day above another, another man esteemeth every day alike. ' He that regardcth the day, regardetli unto the Lord, and he that regardetk not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." But surely Paul did not mean to contradict the instructions given to his fellow Apostles by Christ. Forbearance was to be exercised towards those Jewish converts who were not fully enlightened as to the abolition of tliose sacred festivals which were previously of Divine appointment. It was hard for them to believe ill such, an abolition, and hence they were trained gradually to its adoption. But I do not see bow exhortations to forbearance m these circumstances furnishes a justification for the appointment or observance of sacred days and religious ordinances of mere human origin, and that, too, when men have in their hands the complete revelation of God's will in these, as well as in other matters. We. .would conclude by urging tlie importance of Protestant churches adhering consistently to Protestant principles, and the danger of allow-- ing even a little of the leaven of Popery to remain and to operate in their midst. " A little leaveneth the whole lump;" It is to behoped that the . laudable efforts of those who are engaged in attempting the revision of ' the Prayerbook in the Irish Episcopal Church will succeed, and that iii their efforts they will not overlook the important matters referred to in this letter. . All wllQ have the cause of Protest antism. at heart desire that ali Protestant churches should occupy the right position as to Protestant principles. May the day soon come when the great principle that ' ' Christ's com mand is the sole direction of the Church," be universally held, and consistently adhered to. Yours. &c..; . A SUBSCRIBER, 22nd April, 1S73. We agree with our friend in tracing the Popish superstitions of Good Friday to the departure from Christ's commands. But we see clearly that although Christ specified, and his Spirit afterwards, _ the truths to be taught, the rites and ceremonies were necessarily left to the churches. The Saviour has said nothing about the days on which we should assemble, nor about the order of service. Yet all Christians have always assembled on some day or other, and necessarily had some rite or ceremony to conduct their service. These only become wrong when they obscure the truth, or tend to superstition. To have prayers on Good Friday cannot be worse than having prayers on any other day. But the difference is in the rites— - whether they are corrupt or edifying. — Ed. 