? ♦ ? TEKKYSON'S KEW ODE 10 THE ' QUEEN. The following is the full text of Tennyson's Ode to the Qaeen, which will be published at the end of the new edition of his poems : — TO THE QUEEN. 0 loyal to the Eoyal in thyself, And loyal to thy iand, as this to thee — BeaT witness, that Ttsmemberable day. When, pale as yet, and fever-worn, the Who scarce had pluck'd his flickering life From half-way down the shadow of the grave, Past with thee thro' thy people and their lore, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' ail Her trebled millions, and long leagues ol maD And welcome. Witness, too, the silent cry, The prayer of many a race and creed, and clime — Xhunderless lightnings striking under Bea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm. And that true north, whereof we lately heard, A strain to shame us, ' Keep you to your selves ; So loyal is too costly ! friends — your love JU bnt a burthen : loose the bond and go.' Is this the tone of Empire ? Here' the faith That made us rulers ? This, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hougon mont Left mightiest of all people under Heaven T 'What chock has fool'd her since, that she should speak So feebly ? Wealthier — wealthier — hour by hour ! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land — Some third-rate isle, half-lost among her seas? There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy Prince. The loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean Empire with her boundless homes For ever broadening England and her throne In our vast orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness. If she knows And dreads it, we are fall'n— but thou, my Queen, Kor for itself, bnt thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave, Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, Xew-old, and the shadowing Se-~se at war with Soul, Bather than that gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from moun tain peak, And cleaves to Cairo and Cromlech etUI ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one Touch'd by the adulterous finger of a time That hovered between war and wantonness. And crownings and dethronements: take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours. For some are scared who mark Or wisely oronwisely, signs of etorm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy trucklingB to the transient honr, ... And fierce or c»relessJpj)seijej(Bflf.tiiBj6dtb, And softness breeding scorn of simple life, Or«jwardice,itheohildist,lnst for gold, ; : Or labour, with a groan aid not a voice, -? Oc art, with poisonouB honey etol'n from France, And that which knows, bat careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows, To its own harm. The goal of this great world Lies beyond sight: yet — if our slowly -grown. And crown'd republic's crowning common sense, That saved her many times, not fail— their /ears ' ? Are morning shadows anger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier that forego The darkness of that battle in the west, Whets all of higji and holy dies away. r *..TL«60uE ofDr- Murray during the perpetration of the Carl murders. ?? - Efforts are stall being made for the purpose of inducing the British Govern ment to take possession of the famous monument known as Cleopatra's Needle, which was presented to King George IV. by Mehemet Ali, and now lies buried in we sands on the banks of the .ifile. Plans have been prepared, and were last week submitted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, by which Cleopatra's Needle could be transported from its present position, and placed on any site along the Thames Embankment, for about £i5,QQQ, 