? IRELAND. MR. GLADSTONE AND FATHER MATHEW. Mi . Gladstone is beyond question a great - reformer. It may interest many of your readers to know what he thought of another illustrious reformer, whose name will for ever be associated with Ireland, the Catholic Church, and the great cause of temperance throughout the world—Father Mathew. The late lamented J. P. Maguire, M.P., wrote a biography of Father Mathew, and seems to have presented a copy of the work to Mr.' Gladstone. In acknowledging the gift, that great statesman wrote a note to Mr. Maguire containing a most graceful testimony to the virtues of Father Mathew, and also a very flattering compliment to the spirit and ability of the biographer himself. Of Father Mathew he said :— " I am ashamed to think that before you instructed me I had, in common perhaps with many others, but a vague idea of his great excellences, and I did not know the great height of virtue and holiness which he has attained. Altogether apart from the subject of temperance, what a character have you shown us in its simplicity, its earnestness, its deep devotion, and, above all, in that boundless love which caused him to show forth in deed and in truth the beauty of holiness, and to present to his fellow-creatures so much of the image of our Blessed Saviour." BIBLE SCATTERING. We have been amused by the report of the Hibernian Bible Society. A retrospective gentleman, a Rev. Mr. Robinson, has taken the trouble to ascertain the total number of bibles distributed in Ireland by the society since the year 1804. He puts the total down as 65,000,000 ! Not content with this evidence of his powers in the science of enumeration, he fairly paralyses the unlearned reader by further calculations of wondrous profundity and extent. Here language fails us, and we are compelled to allow the rev. gentleman to tell his own tale :— " In order to estimate the success of this prodigious distribution, you should eflect that, if each volume were onty six inches broad, it would take a book- shelf one thousand miles long to hold them. If each volume were half a pound weight, they would weigh fourteen thousand seven hundred tons. If any body had the patience to undertake the counting of them, and if he were to work ten hours a day, and six days in the week (and that is more than Lincolnshire tradesmen are willing to work) counting six copies a minute, he would come to the end of his task in seven years." Thus Mr. Robinson calculates or estimates the success achieved by the Bible Society, not by the number of " converts" made in Ireland (thank God, they cannot boast of that), but by the number of books dispersed and thrown away by the Society. That the publishers and printers, trunkmakers and buttermen, regard this as an unqualified success is very possible, and, after all, it is something in the nature of an achievement to put employment and money in the way of the working men.— Catholic Opinion. THE CRIME OF DRUNKENNESS. The Most Rev. Dr. Furlong, Bishop of Ferns, in view of the fearful proportions which, drunkenness is assuming, has issued a Pastoral, from which we give the following extract:— "According to the humble measure of my solicitude for your temporal and eternal welfare, my beloved people, I can say with St. Paul—* I speak the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost, that I have great sadness and continual sorrow of heart,' when I see that notwithstanding every effort made to arrest the progress of this degrading vice, it is spreading its baneful contagion through every class of society. How can I be at ease, when I see so many of my flock perishing around me, and drawing them into the abyss o£ perdition. Can a father see without poignant grief his children struck down by pestilence, and dying before his eyes ? And here I cannot refrain from expressing my indignant denunciation against those public-houses that sell to all without regard to consequences. When I bring to mind the brutalised husband, the broken-hearted . wife, the famishing children, the cruelty, the terror, the oaths, the imprecations, the once happy home become the lair of a wild beast, I should not have the heaxt'of a pastor, of one who should represent the charity, as he does the authority, of Jesus Christ, if I did not in the bitterness: of my anguish appeal to heaven to close up in its might, if not in its mercy, those head- springs of the misery and immorality that are desolating our country. Oh! it is all well at present to clutch the few shillings that afre the price of an immortal soul, and of the tears of a wretched mother, and the cries of starving children; but the terrible accounting dky is coming fast, the day of death and judgment. If there be tiime then,'the minister'of religibn will be summoned; the rites of the Church administered/ and the soul, btirdenad with such an awful responsibility, quitsiits earthly tenement, and is, in an.instant, Ushered' into the awful presence of the Judge. My God, what has been its fate ? The Church has furnished such aids and consolations as she can administer, but without a sincere detestation of the past, and a firm purpose of amendment for the future, her ministry' is powerless. Without sincere contrition, that soul goes before the judgment seat with the blood-stainB of a thousand victims. Woe, woe to those who are accessory to the perdition of souls for which Christ died. He will demand soul for soul, blood for blood. Our only resource against this awful evil, my dearly beloved people, iB the Heart of Jesus. Let us appeal unceasingly to that Heart of inexhaustible love on behalf of those who are daily outraging it by their own excesses, or by their co-operation with the excesses of others. In your homes, at your stated times of prayer, amidst your daily avocations—but especially when you are assembled together in the church—in the immediate presence of the Sacred Heart, beg of our dear Lord to grant us that crowning grace, the extirpation of the vice of drunkenness, that will convert ever faithful Ireland, amidst all her afflictions, into the Paradise of God. If we are persevering in prayer, the Heart that gave us its lifeblood will not refuse us this grace." 