GERMANY AND THE NORTHERN STATES OP EUROPE. {National Zeitung-Berlin, August 21.) j TUB visit of our Crown Prince to the Swedish and Danish courts, and the good reception accorded to him by the people of those countries, cause us to turn ouc thoughts involuntarily to these proud and vigorous races of the North whom we were so long accustomed to regard as our kinsmen. The Danes, Swedes, and Norwegians are branches of the great Germanic family. In ancient times their gods and ours were the same, and since the Reformation a common faith and a common struggle have united the Northerns with the Germans. It was not without political and selfish motives that Christian IV. and. Gustavus Adolphus joined in the great war for liberty of conscience and for the main- tenance of the Protestant religion ; but in the result the heroic death of the brave King of Sweden waa beneficial to us all. The splendour of our literature ia tbe 38th century enlightened Den , "SBnh.~Jsf&, "¿líL *bñ modert) Danish and Swedish poets have derived inspiration J from the Germans. j It waa not till 1848 that these friendly j relations were changed by the unwise attempt of the Danes, in the excès of their national sentiments, to in- corporate indissolubly in their state old German territory, and to substitute in 1 that territory the Danish for the German language, laws, and customs. For although the Danish Government had always in alliance with France been hostile .to the Germans, and had, especially during the time of Napoleon I., performed unworthy services in North Germany for the French Emperor's marshals, there was no ani- mosity between educated people in the two countries. It was the struggles of 1818 and 1861 that called forth the hostility and hatred of the two nations. Though conquered, the Danes came out of the last war with honour, having resisted the attack of a far superior power more bravely than could have been expected. Without any assistance from the other states-even Sweden holding aloof-they defended themsplres till their last fortress was lost. Sinco theo, rancour against the Germans has not left their breasts, and perhaps some hot-headed men have not yet given up' all hope of recovering the lost provinces, at least Schleswig, under more favourable circumstances. Yet in July 1870 prudence and wisdom pre- vailed in Copenhagen as well as in Stockholm in spite of all the French incitements. Has the time now come when we may take a step further on the road of reconciliation ? It is hard lo eay how far a union may be effected between Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, in matters concerning commerce, armies, and a defensive alliance ; but the forma- tion of the three countries into one united state, governed by one king with three crowns-as in the Middle Ages at the time of the Ka) mariah union-is out of the question for many years to come. Neither the Danes nor the Swedes would be disposed to sacrifice their indepen- dence and individuality to such a day- dream. The community in many inte rests, which binda the Northern States together, is not so strong as to render necessary their uuion into one State. It ia true that the silly rumours of the insatiable thirst for conquest of the new German Empire, which after conquering Franco would at once seize Jutland and the Danish fleet, did for a while excite the popular miud in Copenhagen and Stockholm, and that all kinds of pro- posals were then " made for defence against the Germans. But are there really any questions between the Scandinavians and the Germans which can only be settled by the sword P Is not all that is said in this way exaggerated and imaginary? How often must Germany repeat that she does not long for foreign possessions, but only desires the honour of being guardian of the peace of Europe ? She regards Denmark, Sweden, and Norway as her natural allies in the North, as she does Austria and Italy in the South. In concert with those three States she would rule the Baltic and its vast commerce. If Russia, tired of her conquests in the East, should ever wish to turn to the West the united fleets of Germany and the Northern Powers would be strong enough ( for ever to prevent her exit from the Baltic. If there is any danger at all for the independence of.the North, it is in Russia. If in possession of Sweden and the Danish Islands, that Empire could waee war with Enrrlanii ' with vnrv different effects, than in the rannes and passes of the Hindu KOOBII. This dang r would be much less formidable if Germany were tho ally of the North. It will every year become more clearly and generally recognised that the strength of the German Empire secures their independence and liberty of mate- rnent to the smaller states-ta Belgium i and Switzerland against France, and to Denmark end Sweden against Russia. But the Russian ghost only haunts the heads of Frenchmen thirsting for ven- geance ; and Russia is not preparing to Bpring on Europe. The daugers and difficulties which France and Ultramon tism are preparing (br Italy and Germany, seem to leave the Northern States at peace and undisturbed. Nay, Hotspurs in Deinark may even hope that these complications will lead to a settlement of tho Northern Schles- wig question in their favour. But, how- ever far the struggle with Romisb priestly pride may be from the North, it cannot long escape the infliction. Jesuitism is like a consuming fire, ever eating farther and farther. The greater the gulf becomes between Germany and Rome, and the more decided the ecclesi- astical differences become, as in the time of the Reformation, the more pressing becomes the wish that all branches of the German stock may be again united. This is no question of superiority and subordination : the Germans have never pretended like the French to march at the head of civilization. What we aim at is a free alliance, a closer friendship with our kinsmen, with whom we are relator! not only in flesh aod blood, bat 'also in religious faith nnd political [inbred*.Wo hopo lint lin; visit of our Crown Prince to the North will promote a more conciliatory feeling in the Norwegians, Swedes, and Danes, and will be the beginning of a true and lasting peace between them and us. (Ntfd Aftenblad, Copenhagen.) OK the occasion of the accession of King Oscar to the throne we urged that Denmark should decidedly, and without delay, adopt a new policy with regard to Germany. In consequence of political indolence we have been out- stripped by the Government of Sweden and Norway. Now the question is: Shall Denmark go with the north and Germany, or shall it stand alone, and continue io the policy of illusions and blind chance ? The nation is disturbed, its " leading men " are silent, and our Scandinavians «oem to have lost their tongues, although it is clear that a defensive alliance between Denmark and Sweden and Norway, which is their pet dream, cap, jaever be concluded 1 aganis'E Germany, while such an alliance might perhaps be brought about if that power were favourable to it. There is something in tbe air that points to a new turn in tho policy of the Northern States, something with regard to which we have need of men of energy. 