REVIEW. ' , T i„ht Boston— Tho Bollglo-Phtlo- ,t. Banner 01 1"yhl|,.m_Tho Splritinit'Bt, Loo- JOU5!!|,t o, splrltu '»« London -Tho ,.pn"_ Tho Christ Lomlon_Tllo Lyceum y«llunl , ItoKO-Shshnr and Shakoress, Monthly. Banner, I o „n Exponent of Philosophy of tho Nineteenth tho oP1 . weekly newspaper oc eigne Century, " 0,08oly printed pages, pub- Bos'OD, U.S., every Saturday. It listed w "h c. "pintion of many thousands, commands a c organ o£ Spirituallrm in and ,i3 Th0 following is the heading to lh0TI s'principnl divisions. 0,1001 - Message Department. _ . ...on in this department of tho " E, f Tioht wo claim wna eppkou by tho Bannerol wg i(. tears, through tho Spi'" W'10VL o£ Mrs. J. II Conant." instrnmento'y wceh) a vatied „a3ortment Th?»t oll telegrams, of which these may of Bi>lected assamplos t— Bfilc Walter Montgomery. . who have put this quos- K To tbo fr,I( w0 g0 to Moravia will yon tien t0 ® 1 lf and communicate with us ?' show jottrse , . No . i,ecaU80 J IhnIdffleVl-nu<»tdoSt. Goodday, sir." am satis gus(ltt pntuom. .. i i..t tnndav — died !— that's a harsh " d"x went home last Sunday. The body word. 1 Vl- £,v0 juat been to look at it, and sleeps we' ; produoed a pleasant sen- its heautifu p8 ;rit< I Waa glad to bo free, sation upon V 1 £(j |)Q(1 ),ad served Uwel\ oud that it and I could now afford jpart company." „ > Massa, I oomo to ,"®0Tempio- She live in Alabama. She Missis. Temp gbe used to havo cot nug-rty I' , n:„ora, plenty of 'em. She's her carriage r) abo>3 curaiug the Yanks got rotgh df l time, maosa. Sho bad mo about it all ho » mu(jhi and. x told thrashed o would come when black her 'n'thc best "f it-' Time's come. I man had the i u a beautiful place- got enoug . 'while old missii', sho live ifoue roou-aint got any niggers-havo to wait on herstjf, lately deoeasod, is A o favor Hm company with his requested P|0vontion of smallpox. 5?" mmoods in the first place, plenty of HcrC Tter, and goes on:-"I should isnap al"' Bpz..n plates of sliced onions Pbrjtt raom Ail tho contagion would f„Tth so onions, and leave you free." 8 Pmbsblv but few of our readers are JX Bamum is a Methodist. How- ever, tho Banner remarks that Earnrun, our Methodist Brother, „doe, not seem to escape by prayers from tho „ft repeated providential calamity of burning iniocont animals. God may forgive him, if he can; we cannot.' Barnum.it may be explained has thrice lost his meuagerio by fire. The above refers to the last occasion, which will bo fresh in everyone's memory. , Here is a sample from the copious adver- Using columns Mrs. Tannie T. Young, TltANCB SPEAKER, will leave San F/ancisco tho 1st of January for tho Eist. All friends anil societies wish ing her labors for week evenings <ir Sundays on route between Salt Lake and Boston, please malm application at onco. She will attend funerals and perform marriage rites. Address care of Judge D. D, Belden, Den ver City, Col, Tho Religio- Philo5ophic.il Journal still more abounds in such curiosities : — Miss Amphlett never has failed to efToot a euro in any case of cancer committed to hor care. Being a regular licensed minister, she will also an swer calls toofiioiato at funerals, lecture oil Sundays, and solemnise marriages acoording to law. . Office, No. 275 Randolph Btreoi, Chicago. Another Misses Helen Grovcr and Lizzie L. Crosby. I Healing, Business and Test Mediums. A Magnetic treatment given. Examination | and treatment given from lock of hair or | photograph, to patients at a distance. 3 And another : — I Mra. Hopfcon, medium, from South America, Fiftoon years' practice. Con trolled by Cornelius Agrippa. The fallowing is of course inserted in all seriousness : — Drunkenness and Opium Habit. C. 0, Beers, M.D., 345 Fourth Ave., Now York, baa permanent and painless remedies given him through spirit aid. Thiu Rcligio- Philosophioal Journal must turely bo the most extraordinary newspaper in the world. It ia as large as the Banner of Light, and apparently enjoys as immense a circulation. It is wholly impossible to ox- tract one paragraph from it which is more astounding than tho rest; the whoio thing from beginning to end reaches such an elevation of marvel. However, wb mako a dive at random into the correspondence. Someuset, Ohio —Geo. Brunner writes : The last number of tho Journal, 22ud March, ends my term paid for. My sight is growing dim— my ago eighty-eight years. Wishing to read the Journal as long as sight and ability will permit, I onoloso ono dollar until further orders. Vonorablo father, may good angola bo with you during your few years of mortal life, and oonduot you safely to the nbodos of the blessed on the other shore. — Ed. Journal. Chicago, 111. — W. J, M'Gown writes I had tho pleasure of witnessing last night ono of your seances, also a circle, whioh was entirely satisfactory. We Plainly haw and Pelt tlie Spirits, and heard them talk, which should havo been enough to convince the most sceptic ll mind. I am highly pleased to see tho won derful and rapid developments that aro being made in Modem Spiritualism. We as a people (the Shakers) havo looked upon it with great intorost, having had a fore knowledge of the work. Satan even appearB clothed as an angel of light : "Stahfiei.d, III — T. J. Monro writes. — Our good oauso is gaining hero among the people of tbia place. Many are inquiring tho way to our Zion, and I am laboriug diligently to show them tho way of life. An example of tho editor's remarkable im partiality is furnished i "Felton, Del— John Green write3. — About a year ngo a friend of mine told me that ho would havo tho Journal sent to me if I would pay tho postage, which I did for ono yoar. I think the time is up, or nearly so. Tho paper still comes. I want you to stop' it, for I do not like it. I do not like to en courage infidelity, and it certainly is The most Infidel Publication I over saw. If you Bend it on, I Bhall not tako it from the office, nor pay for it. It may suit s.imo people, but it is not mo. I havo boon trying to find out what Spiritualists boliovo, but oan not, except it ho tho writings of Tom Paiuo J00 'Voltaire. There ia ono thing certain, and that is this, that when tho novelty whioh io croatod when you lecture and hold your meetings passes away, that you never oan suo- need in this country. The editor adds— "Dear Groon. — Your request will most cer tainly be complied with. Yon are dnnbtloas nonest in your convictions. Tho Journal is men? "V'f BU''0 ' your stage of develop , ®'courso tho liberal lady advertisers have to be backed up in tho news columns : — Mrs, Mattio Hulett Parry, ono of tho ost eloquent inspirational lecturers in the Old, is engaged to Bp.'.ak in 8t. Louis during ! A.rril >mA M»y- Tho Spiritu- al Louis will not regret having on- thfi or Borvic'a- Wo used to listen io from Umin® words of truth an they flowed .. Jtfiielic Xountaina of Thought "ugh her lipa gpipQ fifteen or moro yeaiB ago, when aho was a mere youth, and then thought as wo now do that eho was en rap- I pore with a sphere of spiritual intelligence of a very high order of experience aud de velopment. There is a ooruor for facetiae, in which we glean that 11 tho first ark-'ick explorers aro supposed to havo been Noah's bed buss." A. list of about fifty new Spiritualistiu pam phlets is given, of tho titios of whioh " A Ghost with its Throat Cut," may bo taken as one instance. The English Spiritualistic journals placed at the head of our paper furnish remarkable wonders of thoir own, hut thoy do not quito come up to America, and it would bo a sort of auti-oliroax to linger over thom loDg. Tho Christian Spiritualist asks ' ' ! it really truo that her Majesty is a Spiri fualist, aud the Princess Louise a writiug medium?" Tho Spiritualist inform-i us that "Lord Arthur ltusscll is a sio-i'-re disbeliever lu Spiritual phenomena. H« recently Tried to Granp the Spirit Heads at one of Mr. Holaics'u scan cos." In tho advertising columns of the Medium and Daybreak wo hear from "Miss Godfrey-, curative mesmerist and rubber. Clairvoyant examination and complete diagnosis, Zls ; mesmerising and rubbing, ono guinea per week and travelling expenses. Miss God frey may bo seen by appointment only, at 1G1 Hampstead road, N. W," Tho Shaker and Shakeresr,' Monthly is erlitud by Eldercss Antoinette Dolittlo. About tho most interestiug articlo wo can clip out of it is tho following : — Celibacy and Longevity. By Elder Richard Bushnoll. Now in his eighty-second year. A. brother whom I esteem as ono of the best men now living upon tho earth — Ed. In the society at Mount Lebanon, within about ten years, there have deceased, of m»lo and female members, thirty-six, whose united ages average over eighty-six years. Tho groat majority of them o mio into tho so ciety in thoiry until, and I ivrd a virgin life, agrco- able to tho fai'li ami principle of Believers. Aud there aro now living iu the society four members, who camo in their youth (under twenty years of age), ono of whom is now in tho 102ud year of her age ; another over !)S ; and two in their 02ud year ; also, about ten or twelve moro whose ages ore betweon SI) and 90 years. Most of them united with tho society at an early period of thoir lives. See also our report (on page 45 of the Juno Mo. for 1871) of a family of ton — eight males and two females — all of whom but one, who is now living, and in his 95th year, died among believers. Thoir respective names nnd ages, (which r.vorago near G2 yoors) aro given as above. — Exchanges please copy. Wo havo done so, and hope to earn tho gratitude of Sister Antoinette Doolittle ; who, by the way, wo find mentioned in the last of the spiritualistic newspapers upon our table. It is edited by two ladies, and bears this title :— THE LYCEUM BANNER. A Progressive Journal for the Young-. Published every other Saturday. LOU II. KIMBALL, Editor and Publisher. Mrs. H. F. M. BROWN, Corresponding Editor. This is a Chicago publication, and tho nuni- bor before us is the 10th of Vol. 0, eo that it is no now thing. A correspondent writes from " Troy, N. Y. " Yesterday was a proud day for our Lyceum.. Wo had about forty of our Shaker brothere aud sisters to visit us. They came from Watorvloit and Mount Lebanon in this Btate, from Hnncook aud Harvard, Masa., and some from New Hampshire aud Mame. "A poem written by a r-haker sister from Mount Lebanon, and addressed to the Ly ceum, was read hy Brother Peebles and handsomely responded to by John M 'Donald, a member of Liberty group. " Ab we were about closing our recitations wo gave Brother J. M. Peebles a real grand surprise. Frank Van Uusen, a member of Liberty group, and Blind from liis Childhood, had written a poem. Our musical conductor, Professor 0. H. Holcomb, had sot it to music, and Bertba Rogers, of Sea group, had com mitted it to memory. Bertha was led to tho platform and formally introduced to Brother Feobles, as having something to say to him, nnd at once spoke tho poem " " After this, Elders F. \V. Evans, A. A. Loomis, John Vanoo, Wm. Leonard, Eldross Antoinette Doolittle nnd several ether of the Shakor brothers nnd listers made short ad dresses to tho children, expressing their pleasure and satisfaction in witnessing the thoughtful and prompt answers of the chil dren to the questions, aud in tho entire working of tbo Lyceum system ; and they blessed od that A. .T. Davi t had been led to cstablieh so beautiful a system to lead the youth of the land Out of tho Mud and Miro of theology into the pure religion of nature, and up toward our father mother God. ' Oar brother Peebles has been with us since tho 1st of February, nnd wo owe much of the prosperity of our Lyceum to his earnest and untiring labor with us. "B. Starbuck, Conductor." Another writes from Baltimore, Mtd. " So scon again, tho angels havo called another bright spirit from our Lyceum. On tho 3rd of April, Aunio Ilaslem followed our other doparted members to tho summer land. Aunio was a member of Ocean group, and has been in tho Lyceum since its formation four years ego. Wuen we stood by tho whito casket that contained her mortal form, and oaw tbo Six Young Girls who served as pall bearers, clad iu white, and whito flowers upon their brows, wo thought it was but a reflection of tho bright angels who had home her spirit to the other shore. Six of our memliere have gono to join the angel Lyceum. — Mrs. 11. Walcott, Guardian." Wo wind up with a real grain of common eenso from tho Lyceum Banner : — An exchange says : — Here is what they sing at public schools in Vermont, To the Tune of " Yankee Doodle," visitors all joining iu tho chorus : — If anything on drill cin m»ko A great niul glorious nation, It Is to glvo tbo Utile ones A thorough education. Chorus— Flvo times Uvo aro tw.nty-fivo, Fivo limes tlx ore t- irty. Fivo times seven are ihfrn- fl-e. And live times eight nro lortv. . H. PALMER. 