NEWSPAPER CRITICISM. TO THE EDITOR OP THE ' TELEGRAPH.' Sir, — Now thnt all tho professional artists (save tho mark) have cloared out, I may perhaps be permitted to givo Vont to a long suppressed growl, without the danger of having it ascribed to ' professional' jealousy. If I had command of time and space, I could hero give you quite a Ciceronian essay on theatrical critioism, but as I am restricted to the limits of an ordinary letter, I muBt content myself by briefly asking the gentlemen who ' do' the criticising in tho Brisbane papers with Cicero, Quosgue tandum abutere paticuiia nostra ? Some time ago the writer of an article in the Saturday Review expressed his surpriso that an English audience was the only ono that could applaud and enjoy the then popular muBio hall song, 'May I be filled with sausage meat .' Ac., but I do not wonder at this at all, when I see the leading newspapers of a large colony like Now South WaleB even prosti tute their columns by giving publicity to the fulsome praiseB of every fourth or fifth rate pothouse singer or dancing girl. My remarks aro specially called forth by tho glaring encomiums lately pnssed upon that noble pair of artists, Mr. and Mrs. Braham. How any rational being could find enjoyment in listening to their dulcet voices is beyond my poor comprehension ; but this might bo allowed to pass, as not ever* body is gifted with an ear for music, even notwithstanding his occupying tho proud position of musical and theatrical critic. But how any gen tlemen could condesceud to lavish his highest terms of praise upon a pair like Mr. and Mrs. Braham simply beatB ' Banngher.' I am ashamed to have to confess to have witnessed a respectable looking audience in Brisbane applaud the vile song, 'You Naughty Men,', notoriously written in direct allusion to tho Boulton and Park scandal; but I was not pro pared to see next morning a critic in the lending paper of the colony come out in the most glow ing terms of praiso of performance, written, if I am not mistaken, by the same person, who not so very long ago vented his severe indignation on a poor gentleman amateur for the dreadful crime of having understood and reproduced that highly dramatic piece of poetry entitled ' Hamlet's Ghost,' in the sense of a burlesque. The above is not a single instance, but a re petition of the same crime against good taste and literary honesty. I only need to remind peoplo of the Darrels, and the fiasco they made of 'Othello,' in. which . performance lago, without a : doubt, was the only oharncter pro perly represented; but wild got the kudos? Or the somewhat similar failure of Mr. Tavares in the same tragedy, oil the more glaring, per haps, on account of the repetition, with change ofcaBt? Criticism ofthis kind is unjust and hurtful to both audience and performers. The latter, not having any great prototypes to look up, at last ? come to believe all the good things that arpsaid of them, while the artistic taste of the former is bound to be deteriorated. I cannot conclude this letter without expres sing my regret that the Musical Union should so far have forgot themselves - as to at tempt tbo performance of the 'Messiah.' Re sutor ultra ercpidam seems to es cape the memory of all amateurs, unless they are properly held in cheek by reasonable fault-finding ; and even here the baneful effects of the system of indiscriminate praise are plainly visible. I am sure Mr. Jefferies would never dream of attempting the task, if he Imd not been first taught to think himself a perfor mer of the first water, and I am quite certain to read a most learned dissertation in tomor row's paper on the high merits of every indivi dual performer, although the writer is about as much entitled to give an opinion, or has as much knowledge of a musical performance, as I have of the integral ' calculus' — and that is very little. CYNIO. 