SIR C. G. DUFFY AND HIS KNIGHTHOOD. Iii the course of the annual eupper of St. Patrick's Society, held on Monday* Sir Ghas. Gavan Duffy made the following speech ex planatory of the reasons which had induced him to accept the honour of knighthood. He said: Ladies and Gentlemen, I have travelled a long journey to-day under a very ungenial sky, and I asked to be excused from speaking, but I confess when I heard the pleasant Irish vpices I could not resist It is forbidden to talk here on politics, but I venture to say that it is a pleasant memory to me that once a year, at this end of Bourke-street, whatever mistakes they may make at the great House at the other end-(applause), here I am qnite certain of meeting friends who are not changed by any political circum stances, whose kindness " is still the same, whether we win or lose the game." (Hear, hear.) When I last met you hpre, 12 months ago, I was returning from a tour in which the chief districts in this country had given such enthusiastic support to the Adminis tration with which I was connected as seemed to promise it a long life, I meet you now, ladies and gentlemen, not merely fallen from power, but I am assured by cerfam well informed journals that I am actually politi cally dead and buried. (Laughter and cheers.) l ean only say that if I be so, you have given my ghost such a very pleasant reception (laughter), that I have determined once a year, on the 17th March, near the dead hour of midnight, to "appear" in St. Patrick's Hall like Banquo in the middle of the festival. I recently read a very strange story in one of the same well-informed journals information that, in. point of fact, I was shortly going home to be Minister for Ire land. (Laughter.) I may say, by the way, that that is a strange mission to give a dead man. I am very sorry to inform you that I have not at present received any official intimation of the fact. (Renewed laughter.) Bat I may say this, that'if it be intended that the Irish Minister shall be responsible to an Irish Parliament I will undertake the duty with great satisfaction. ,(Applause.) The latest news is that, like a young lady who has become a bride, I have been changing my name ; and,"as this news, unlike the rest, is not a fiction, I owe it to friends whbm I see here to tell them something of that metamorphosis. I ceased to be Chief Secre tary in June last, and in October I received a' letter from Lord Canterbury, informing me thkt the Secretary t»f State for the Colonies had instructed him' to ascertain whether, a companionship) of the Order of St. Michael and George would he acceptable to me? Le. me say with, respect to Lord Canterbury, that in all our political or social intercourse he treated -me with a con stant courtesy, frankness, and consideration, for which I must always remain' his debtor.: But he had refused to dissolve Parliament when I considered I had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as this distinction was offered me as soon as the papers connected with ' that transaction could have, been laid before .the Secretary of State, I concluded that it was possible, and even probable, that Lord Kimberley meant to intimate that he did not think I had received the support I was entitled to from the repre sentative of the Crown on that occasion. (Hear, hear.) Nevertheless, though that conviction was very gratifying to me, I re spectfully declined the proffered honour. (A Voice : "Quite right.") Shortly afterwards Lord Canterbury did me the favour to address another letter to me,' asking whether I would accept a knighthood ? Upon that question there, was tfie very strongest feeling among two sections' of my friends. My own countiy men were of opinion that, having been fout times a Cabinet Minister, and hiving been among the first men of my race and creed who had won that distinction in any British' community since, the Resolution, I was bound to accept this permanent testimony that! had performed tne dutieB I undertook I with integrity and discretion;. And Some English and Scotch friends to whom I owed constant and steadfast support in public. life, urged that if I declined it the very, 'persons who were bursting with' spite and -disappbintment 'that ? the 'honour' had been proffered to me would mis represent tay; refusal, and use it to provoke, and if possible to alienate,.;my English and S^p^tish friendB. I accepted, and I have since received letters of congratulation from ieVety'Section of this community; and I ? am' not Bure whether ! felt more satisfaction at I the; congratulations of: representative men j among the, Protestant democracy, who. gave, 'me spch generous euppprt, v^nep I was 'last iii, office, or, the", congratulations j erf Irishmen who woulcl have renounced and' ! repudiated' me if 1 laid accepted any distinc ition on the terms of foigetting my allegiance tto myiratiye counfry, ; (Hear, heat) I ,may, ; remind jou that, when the jpresent 'Mr. Justicfc Fellows levelleda vote of want of con-: itfdence dfeainst theGoverntaent, I told Irim ! :that ITroiild'not'desert the fortunes of my natiye oountry for anything that Parliament 1 or the sovereign could i,bestow, M,(Applause.). ! And now there has beenenough of personal ithemes. Twill onty'add thavthough'I'was | recruiting my health far awayfromthe capital, iand little disposed: to< quit tJie seaside till I .'left,it, .in restored vigour,!, could not resist jtiie wishes of the committee of the St. i Patrick's Sotietythftt I snpuld comfe here to night. They insisted that the exertion would do me no injury; ami tiiey were right for the breath-of the oceanitself is not so refreshing to we as "the dear familiar music of an Irish "welcome. (Loud applause.) 