SOMMA.RY of the MONTH'S VSW5. Two hundred thousand bushels of wheat have been sent away from Port Pirie this season. V English sparrows are sa<d to have made their appearance at Echuca. All the Baroda's passengers, with the exception of four, have been vaccinated. Proceedings against Mr E. Ward, rc the contempt case, have dropped. The increase of the shipping trade at Port Pirie has necessitated a pilot being located there. Tenders have been accepted by the M ining Department of the Melbourne Government for the sinking of a coal pit near Cape Patterson. The Victorian Minister of Lands has announced that dummyism is to be vigorously put down. Bull, the Sydney hangman, has died from injuries he received from a prisoner named Keely, whom he executed. Kriss, steward of the Rifleman, has been committed for trial for the murder of the captain of the vessel. One hundred and forty-five thousand acres of land in the Cape Otway Ranges have been gazetted as a State forest. Mr. Dry has sailed with his picture, the " Evergreen," for Sydney, on his way to Europe. At Sandhurst last week the calls of the Alining Companies exceeded tbe dividends by £5000. Moses in Egypt" has been produced at the Opera House, Melbourne, with splendid success. The Government steamer Thetis, has returned to Sydney without finding a trace of the wreck of the Belltisle. A meeting of shareholders in the Drummond Copper A:ine, N .S.W-, has resolved to proceed with the development of the property. Several vessels in Sydney Harbor, are being fittted out under the Imperial Licence Regulations for South Sea pearl fishing. Mr Agg, of the Lands Department, Mel- bourne, died very suddenly on Saturday, May 3, while out shooting. The Hon. II. M. Murphv, member of the Legislative Council, has been fined £10 and £10 costs, for shocking crutlty to a dog. Two members of the Sydney suburban Roman Catholic Church have been excommunicated^ of marrying during Lent. The report of a white woman having been found among the natives at Keppel Bay has turned out to be a hoax. A resident of Port Augusta a few day ago found in «n oyster, which was brought from Port Lincoln, a perfect pearl about the size of a full- grown grain of Indian corn. A ten-mile race between Bird and Sansom, of Ballarat, the latter receiving 50.) yards' start, has been won by Sansoiri: Bird pulled up lame during his thirty-sixth round. The Governmeut steamer Thetis has been dispatched from Sydney in search of the wreck of the Belle Isle, with instruetions to sink that vessel if she is found floating. A mounted bushranger fired at an it nerant showman named lloonan, near Dunkeld, and shot his horse. The robber only obtained a few shillings. A deep sea fishing-boat, supposed to have foundered during Monday's storm, was cast ashore near Ilobart Town on Friday, completely smashed. Her crew, three in number, are missing. Great excitement amongst the Freemasons of New South Wales has been caused by the llishop of Newcastle preventing Mas nic cer monies being performed at Captain Beck's grave. Th J steamer Gothenburg sailed on Saturday for Port Darwin, taking <>;> passengers—-.iv.iorig whom were six troopers—several horses and a quantity of machinery tor tile gold mines. j The Victorian (Tovcrnment have decided to dec'ine Earl Kimberley's propo-aL with reference to tbe Suez Mai! Service, and tiie Agent- ' General is instructed accordingly. It is estimated that on the liooyoolee Area this season the extent of land brought under cultivation will be four times what was reaped at the past harvest. Walters, who was under remand charged with having extensively embezzled from Messrs Sanderson ~ and - Co., - the * Melbourne — -- wool- brokers, . . . committed suicide on Wednesday last by taking strychnine. He was on bail. Another steamer will at once be laid on for the Northen Territory, there being a great demand by Mining Companies and prospectors for passages and freight to Port Darwin. Mrs. David Jones, widow of a very recently deceased and highly respected colonist at Sydney, died at her residence on Wednesday morning last, from excessive grief. A child, born without arms, and with but one leg, a native of the Turon, four and a half years of age, is to be exhibited at Bathurst, New South Wales. He performs with his toes. An Italian was picked up on May the 10th fliating on a piece of wood, a mile from Port Jackson Heads. He stated that he belonged to the ketch Poll, from Broken Bay, which sunk near Lon^ Reef. Two of his companions were drowned. Mr. John Pengilly, of Mount Terrible, found on the beach between Rapid Bay and Port Wil- Iunga, on Tuesday morning, a board about 12 feet long with the word "llovo" carved upon it in large letters. It seems to have been torn from a snip very recently. The st-a ner Penola has been dispatched to land the passengers from the P.aroda at the quarantine station, and bring a light cargo up to Melbourne. The Baroda will then go to Sydney, and perform theiemaiuder of her quarantine. The passengers will remain isolated for 14 days. The Northern Goldfields of Tasmania are improving. A rich reef, yielding 40o:s. of gold to the ton, has been discovered at the Nine M ile Springs The Caledonian Company has declared a second, and the Derby a first, dividend. Both of these are Fingal Companies. On the voyage from England of the Ocean Mail, which arrived at Port Adelaide on on Saturday last, a sea rolled in over the weather rail, washing overboard the third officer, Mr Anderson. The darkness of the night, and the rapid movement of the vessel rendered futile any effort to save him. At a meeting of the Soci.ty of l T nited Tradesmen of South Australia, hJUl in Adelaide .on Monday night, a resolution in favor of the eight-hour system was unanimously adopted, and a deputation of the Society was appointed to wait npon the employers. The men Smith and Brady, for thj Wooragee murder, were executed at Beech worth 011 .Monday morning. The murderer Smith, before his execution, spok; of a document he had handed to the Sheriff, containing the joint defence of himself and Brady. Both men died quietly. The barque Hannah Nicholson, bound Jrom Mauritius to Adelaida, 36 days out, put in a Portland Wednesday night. The < "aptain had been secured below by the mate for the last seven days, he having shot at some of the crew, and being alleged to be insane. A warrant was sent on boatd the following, morning for his arrest, when it was found that he had just died A letter from Mr T. U. Scrutton, who visited the "ile country " last week, in company with Mr. Harrison, states that he has been very successful in prospecting, having found inflammable gas in the soil, and produced oil from the soil where the caoutchouc is found. He has also discovered substances different from those hitherto seen in Adelaide, aud will bring specimens upon his return to the city. A meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, and the mercantile community generally has been held with r -ference to the Suez mail service Several resolutions were passed upholding the Government in declining to accede to Earl Kimberley's proposal. A deputation was appointed to wait upon the Government to present the resolutions passed at the meeting. j Some specimens of rich gold-bearing quartz, found about 100 miles in a north- easterly direction from the Kurta. have been exhibited in Adelaide. They were found on the surface, and the country is described as being of a settled character, showing granite, slate, and quartz. The discoverer is a Ulr. Watson, who, with his friends, have secured a number of claims, and intend working the ground themselves without forming a company. On Thursday afternoon, May 8, an accident happened to I'arl, the eldest son of Mr. Julius Gerhardy, farmer, of Tabor, near Charleston. The father having released his horses from the plough, sent them in the charge of the boy to the stables. On arriving near the stables he heard a noise, and found the boy lying insensible inside at the rear of the horses, with his skull fractured by a kick from one of ttie horses. He died a short time after the accidcnt. On Alonday last an inquest was held at Goodwood before Mr W. Harcus, respecting the death of William Scarff, aged CI, who died on the previous day. The evidence ot Mrs Scorff was to the effect that her husband in going to pull a bucket of water from the well in their garden, dropped the bucket down the well, and in trying to catch it, his foot slipped and he fell headlong, Assislance was obtained, and he was drawn up unconscious, and died the ext day. The jury returned a verdict of acidental death. The following accident in connection with a bush fire in Western Australia is recorded in the l\rtk Inquirer:—During the late warm weather as a two horse team belonging to a settler named Stephens was passing near a i bush fire on tbe Canning, by an unexpected cir- j cumstance — a sudden gust of wind—both cart I and horses were burned to a cinder before any ! assistance could be rendered The team wis j loaded with hay, which, having caught light, | the horses refused to travel, plunged about, and ! were soon destroyed by the flamesj j ' The steward of the ship Rifleman now giyes his name as Julius Prowtz. e is a German, but speaks good English. When charged at the ity Poliee Court, Sydney, with "murdering Captain Liongmuir, and attempting to murder the officers and crew of the vessel, he said he had no remarks to make, and was then remanded o await thj Coroner's inquest. An immense crowd collected to see the murderer. The investigation has been adjourned till Monday. John Jones, of the Miues Flat, near Strathalbyn, was emp oyed at chaffing hay at Mr. Hill's farm, when in feeding the chaffcutter, his right hand and arm became entangled and were drawn into tiie machine up to within a few inches of the elbow. Before the horses were stopped the hand was cut off just above the wrist, (the finger- and the hand having been sliced into small pieces by the three k lives), and the forearm received lacerated woun ls, with fracture of both b >nes. The surgeon amputated the arm above the elbow. It is reported in town that a telegram has been received irom the Northern Territory, stating that the floods at the Kopsr iiad been tremendous; that at the landing place the jelty was 2?! feet under water ; that tliere was a foot uf water in the stores, and that the men there had to take refuge upon the top of the ba;s of flour and omer goods. An immense deal of the country there, it is .said, was under water, and the Goverment hands sailed over tiie flat a for long distances in bo its. Dean Stanley, in referring to the tribute offerj ed to the memory of the late Bishop of Cape 1 own by Bis iop < -olenso in the Cathedral of Natal, who gave utterance . to them, and wh was the first missionary bishop of Africa, who translated the Holy Scriptures into the language of ,Ii tjie natives, l " ¥CO > sl,tt be shall " cal!ed * to his rest, he (the D^n ) trusted that there would be found some prelate iJleM ^ T presiding U ' n - OTt over lne the see f of Cape 1 own own just just . R-° US 0 «nder the like honour to the Bisiiop of Natal. It would seem that the shearers in Victoria are going to strike. At all events, this is what the G' elomj Adrertiser has to say about the new movement:—The meeting of shearers convened for Saturday evening at Winchelsea was attended by between thirty and forty. It was resolved to farm a Shearers' Association, and to hold similar meetings at other places through-{ out the colony•; also that the price for the coming year should be equal to the increased price of labor, viz., 14s to 15s. per hundred, a resolution being passed expressive of a hope that shearers throughout the colony should stand out for that price. A few days ago, just as the night mail train was starting for • 1 elbourne from Kyneton a lady passenger begged to be released from a firstclass carriage. Her wishes were complied with, a cab obtained, and she ultimately found refuge in a hotel in the town. The Guardian reports that she had not been ensconced more than a quarter of an hour when the services of a doctor and midwife were brought into requisition, and long before the train could have reached Melbourne a fine little girl was added to the population of the colony. Early on Tuesday morning a terrific squall passed over Mount Gambier town, and did considerable damage to several roofs, chimneys, and outbuildings. One lsrge wooden building, known as the Brittania Mill, was blown completely out of the perpendicular. Outside the town, arid towards Glenburnie hundreds of trees were to:n up by the roots, branches were stripped off others, and carried a considerable distance, and the Glenburnie road was so completely blocked up as to be quite impassable. The squall only lasted a few minutes, but was of of greater force than any experienced here for I years past—Mount Gambier Standard. \ r ri,„T.„ j c r • • j There seems a eood field for missionary j Post renorr/ th aH ' c Z J T ! l P u' Cd ?hZ\ V l 5 4 8 ' * J h - alf :f aSt ' . ab0Ut s lurteer. years of age, was placed m the witness- j box. r. (raii'tt: l>ovougo to school ? No. Never h-.n ciiurch inyout life? No. Heard ni.yrhm^ .il«>ur (iod?—No. Know anytliing aiiom reli^nm ;-_No. Stand down, said the P. M. " i'alk about missionaries, *eh! They are wanted badly in the country. I wonder wether they could be indnced to send one to Jackson's Creek." The A voca Mail has the following The good luck of the .squatters during the last two years is proverbiaL As exemplifying this, a brace of young hopefuls in the Western district were placed in possession of a well-stocked station some months ago by an over fond, but not overprudent parent. These scions of a bucolic stock, it would appear, in the absence of their dad have been carrying on * all top ropes.' The driver of a heavily- laden four.horse waggon tbe other day was hailed by a traveller on the plain*, and to the inquiries of whither bound and what's your cargo ? replied * P.B. and sodawater for station."* The latest contribution to Tichbornia is made by the Jj-mstan Tiiues t which has been given to understand that the long-lost Arthur Orton, whose name has figured so conspicuously in the celebrated Tichbourne cas;, has lately passed through Clyde en route tor England. This worthy, who had assumed the name of Thomas Nippen, has for the past few years been living on Mr Henry Campbell's station, Lake Wanaka, as butcher. Nippen, or Orton, is accompanied by two well-known residents of the Upper Clut.ha. Nippen has b.-en in communication with some people in England relative to moneys left by Mrs. - Orton at her death, and it is to claim this mousy he is making the journey. Says the S'nitltiirn Argus—The neighborhood of Strathalbyn appears notorious for its ghostly visitants. This week a worthy knight of the cleaver, who, by th - way, is a benedict, hailing fro-.n this enlightened municipality, has, we hear, been nearly frighteued out of his seven senses, by the apparition of some fair one, in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all important person, 11 the oldest inhabitant," says it must be the ghost of a young woman who met with an untimely end in that neighborhood some twenty or so years ago. The wraith was observed in the daytime, and the seer was accompanied by a friend, who corroborates his statement. We have heard of and believe in the ghost of a chance, but that of a lady is quite a dilfereut matter. The IJiiniiii/ong Telegraph understands on good authority that a person residing at Rokewood .I unction, and going by the name of Baron Kirk, has, through the death of some relative in England, come into possession of large landed property and the title of baronet. It appears that for some considerable time his claim has been dispdtcd, it being a second Tichborne aJTair, on a small scale; however, matters have so far been arranged that Baron Kirk, as he is called, has ag-eed to waive his claim—having no funds to prosecute his suit in the English law courts—on consideration of receiviug £1000 in cash, and £500 par annum during his lifetime The title lie succeeds to is that of Sir Michael Mitchell. We may mention that Kirk was at one time a resident at Scotchman's, where he earned his livelihood as a butcher. The spirits, or rather spiritists, are again at fault. Recently a gentleman in Geelong placed a £50 bank note in safe keeping, promising that the note should be handed over to anyone who by means of spiritism could tell its number. This challenge was duly published in the columns of the Aiji Tn reply to it a communication was received from only one spirit circle. This circle, by means of a medium known as .U.W., divined that the number was 999\. The statement that the spirits had named this number was forwarded to the Geelong challenger, with a request that if it was co;- rect he would at once hand over the £50 in accordance with his promise. The challenger, however, is still in possesssion of the note, for the spirits are altogether wrong. So far from the number of the note being 999, the numeral .9 is not found on it. As the Geelong sceptic writes—the spirits had better try again. Ti-.e Ilobart Town Ju»rcuri/ says : —About midnight on Friday last a youngster of Mr. P. Olldhatn's was awakened from his slumbers by a nibbling, and then a decided bite at the great toe of his right foot. Being alone in his room, the boy from a kind of fear bore the pain rattier than move or call out ; remaining still until he felt the warm blood trickle do>vti his foot to the bed. Feeling the scratching ot teeth and the gnawing of teeth going a .ittle to far, our hero arose gently fromhis couch without moving his j leg, aud then in the dark made a despcratelrab | at his enemy. This turned out 10 be a ra? al- : most as large as a ring-tailed opossum, and the animal bit, gnasiied, and fought with all his might, so that he won his liberty after a hard battle, Master Oldham coming off the worse of the two, for besides a disfigured toe, iiis tliumH nail is bitten through, and his fingers wiihin reacli of the rat, as he turned an 1 bit this wav and ihat way, are more or less lacerated. The .Melbourne A//c, in treating of aft'-.irs i 1 Fiji, thus rilwiL>«Jj 1, • —" Many people have no doubt . l-ling Tiia;-:t>;-i;' u.tu, having :i Cabinet Minisu y, must be a very r^al personage, and have tjuiie discarded all his old habits, but it appears that such is not t:ie case. On high days and holidays he puts himself iu- . side a decent suit of clothes, and when visiting any British men-of-war; but when the cares of State are over, , he paiades about the town in native dress, and is only t o willing to have a diink with any kind friend who may feel inclined to treat his Majesty. Not mi frequently he may be seen in the bar of one of the hotels piaymg playmg draughts draughts, 01 of wmca which game game he he is is said said to to be a very good player If his Majesty feels thirsty, and unfortunately can find no person to invite him to drink, he goes into the first hotel and calls for what he wants, for which he invariably forgets to pay." Says the Auckland Weekly 3-erald; A pretty girl with a sewing machine was in the habit of usinff weekly between twenty and thirty reels of thread, and she always purchased those warranted " three hundred yards." lean {idle hour she thought she would engage her aliention by ascertaining whether one of these reels of thread did really run out the warranted measure, when, much to her surprise, and greatly to her indignation, the measurement, instead of turning three hundred yards, only showed one hundredand eighty yards. Forthwith, she walked off to the draper with whom she dealt, and explained to him the gentle swindle she had been subjected to. The shopkeeper laughed, and the young lady walked out of ttic shop and into a friend's house, who drew up a bill for £l 10s. against the shopkeeper. Then she got a tumm ns for the amount, and the bailiff did his duty by serving it. Two hours afterwards the youtig seamstress had paid into her hands the sum of £1 17s., being exactly the amount of her claim, with costs added. The fore-and-aft schooner Eclair, of 29 tons, Captain John -Alartin, master, and part owner, on Sunday morning went aground on Gray's Point, about Jive miles to the north. Policeconstable .-Ulchureh proceeded in a boat, accompanied by two' men named Goldfinch and ' Henry \\\ rigtit, and reached the stranded vessel at 10,15 a m - Seeing no person 011 board the | P an - V waded 10 the schooner, when they found I the ca P uin antl 0I,e ,Man below, the two other : hands having gone ashore in a boat Soon afterwartls troopers arrived, having been dis- ATCILED from P the city F but the captain did not consider tl,:it » n y assistance could be rendered. He stated that he had slipped his moorings at Vankalilla, and was attesting to make Port but 5 — deemed h advisable, so » reat the stress of weather, to run the chouner ashore in order to save her from being wrecked ; and there she rnuat lie till he could arrange for unloading and getting her off. A suicide is reported!to-have been committed off a Queensland steamer^ the Lady Bo wen, on her passage from llockbamptoti. A saloon passenger jumped overboard, says the Chronicle, when within half a mile of Maryborough. The steamer at the time was under fall way, and the man was seen as if swimming from the vesseL Immediately upon the cry, "man overboard," Captain Cottier had the boat lowered and manned by a strong crew. The boat returned to town alter having spent an hour unsuccessfully seaxhing for tbe supposed suicide. The real name of the missing man is Chailes Hodgson, and he was at one time in the native police, and stationed at the ilelyando River. Latterly he has been employed at tne washpool, on a station near Cox and Downing's, on the Paroo River, but having come into a legacy of £3000 relinquished that avocation,, and set himself to' run through his inheritance, in the usual colonial way, with all possible expedition. He Bad already succeeded in this resolve to the ex- tent of £1000, which was all that his friends apparently fearing such a result—would send him; and was on his way to touch the remainder when the occurrence took place. The M. A. Mail reports a singular accident On Monday a young girl named Anna Maria Frazer, residing at Taradale, picked up what she thought was a tin pencil! bolder. Into one end of this she placed a piece of date-pencil, and used it accordingly. When at home she began probing the other end o the tube with a hair-pin, when it suddenly exploded, rendering bot h her and her mother deaf tor souie iiiinwtes. On recovering themselves it was discovered that the thumb of the girl's left hand was so shatteied to the palm as to be almost cut off ; the end of the third finger was taken clean off, while the whole hand was punctured with small holes to the depth of about half an inch. The right hand was also very much injured, and riddled with holes similar to the left; the rtght eye is much burned and inflamed. A large round pieee was torn clean out of her dress and the lining, laying bare the steel busk of her stays. It is thought that the supposed pencil-case was a charge of dynamite powder. [ More likely a metallic tube containing fulminate of mercury, used to explode dynamite.] A correspondent of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser wites to that journal under date April 28, as follows : — 1 " In your issue of to-day you sp ak of a nionimainac who has been driving foi- a rich lead at doctor's. Gully for six years. I can assure you iliat the case is not a singular one, and that a par illel can, be found for it at Bright, where a Hungarian has been drivin® for the Pioneer Reef, through hard stone for 12 years. He has never used an ounce of powder and he has carried out the whole of the dirt and stone from the tunnel in his a >ron. He has now driven 6 0 feet, and' still drives on in hope of finding his hidden El Dorado. Had he driven iu a straight, line, he could probably have reach'd the reef iti about 250 feet, but whenever he has reached a bar of hard stone he has turned to the right or left, following the softest grou nd, aid then making again for the line from which he had been diverted. In this way it is estimated that at times h<* has made almost a half circle, and nearly broken into his own tunnel again. He lives on breal and coffee, and when lis cannot procure these from sympathising friends, he goes out gardening or doing such work as will iirin 4 him a few shillings, and then renews the task he has set himself. He is a man like the on ' of Daylesford, of irreproach - able character and a total abstainer. I cou d not help feeling an interest in the man, as he spoke so confidently in broken English of his one day reaching the reef], and then of visiting his dear native land. The Ballarat Courier remarks that a marriage under difficulties was celebrated at St. Patrick's Church 011 Tues lay Tiie bridegroom was a gentleman w!io had turned the other side of forty, and the lady—who was a widow, buxom, fair, and in years the equal of her second partner was, like himself, well-to-do, and occupying a good .ocial position. Thus far they were a capital match ; but as the gentleman was a Protestant and the lady a Catholic, a special permit of Holy Mother Church was requisite before th^se twain could be united in the holy bonds of wedlock. Application waa made to the Cath-lic bishop for a special licence, and the arrangements foi the wedding were proceeded with. The guests were invited, the bridesmaids and the best mar were in attendance, the carriages with the wed. ding party drew up at St. Patrick's, and th pr icession wound its way up the aisle to the al tar. Here there was a pause, and a whispere conference between the would-be bridegroom an £ reverend father, m which the latter mt.mated h ^ e ,. c 2 ul f "f i] r0Ceed W « h the , ceremony-a light ditncultv ha i arisen ; tile bi*hap s licjncej hud not been received, and the marria.rj coul iir.it take place without it. This aimouncevne caused 110 little consternation to alt parties con ceru.'d. The bridjgroom said there mu-il b some mistake —1 simple hitch—a mis arriag of die ail-important document, or some utilooke -ibr cause of delay whicii.could easily lie ov c:>.ne. He left t.ie c'lurch, set the telegraph motio:>, " wired" lurj. " wired" tii.r/, a continued " wiring," until the waereaiwKKS the prelate was discovered, and the bisnop's sai turn obtained. Tiie result was liiat a:'...r so two or three hours'' d^lay tiie happy eo.:'.>'.: w mad: one, and'.vent 0:1 Uieir wedding r.!oi ng. (^MlitliiU,: i on .ICXi [n','('•. SVKIKAKT of the MOUTH'S NEWS. ] Mr. T. W. Powell lias grown at Clare three ; quinces weighing 41bs. llozs. Vr. John Martin, chemist, .Melbourne has | committed suicide by taking poison. j The Duke of Genoa has visited the underground workings of the mines at Ballarat. A chiid was burned to death in Collingwood ; on Thnrsday last its clothes having taken fire. j Mrs Falls, the proprietress of the Maitland | Mcrr.ui 1/ has died suddenly. ' A man has been buried in a drive at the Band | of Albion Shaft, Ballarat. I The N. South Wales Parliament was prorogued on April 25 with preat ceremony. Pierre Borhun, for the Kangaroo Flat murder, •will be hun«; on the 20th instant. A man named Robert Clark has committed suicide at Footserav by cutting his throat. Earl Kimberley's proposal respecting the Suez mail service is generally approved by the commercial circles of New South Wales. The total exports of wheat and flour from South Australia for the season up to April 26 were 92.0^0 tons. The Sydney Government Gazette contains a proclamation against the importation of cattle, exrppt from the colonies, for two years. Splendid rains have fallen in the Broughton District, and in some places the wheat is up and looking well. Doutrlas. Smith, and Brady, for the murder of Warts."at Wooraajee, have been sentenced to be hanged on May 12. A nrivate telegram received in Sydney says that Messrs Bright and Co \s Oape Route Steam Company project has collapsed. The weather has been unusually cold in New South Wales and a heavv snowstorm has been experienced on the Blue Mountains. H*avy gales have latelv prevailed in New South Wales. At Newcastle the barque Annie has been capsized off the ballast jetty. The Strathalbvn ^aces came off on the 23rd and 24th April. The attendance was large and the sports were excellent. The 1 talian war steamer Garabaldi has arrived in Melbourne, having on board a Prince of the royal house of Savoy. At the South-Eastern Drainage Works on a youn? cock "being killed the other day 180 locusts were found in it* crop. * The eiajht hours system has been inaugarated in Warrnambool, and a festival has been held to celebrate the event. The dailv deliverv of potatoes into Wamambool exceeds a hundred tons, but a considerable quantity is perishing in the bags. The late heavy rains have damaged a large quantity of wheat lvin<r at Farrell's Flat Railway Station unprotected. Professor Fawcett's Bill for abolishing religitests in Dublin University has passed its second reading. Mr. Ireland, the barrister, has sent home a protest on behalf of his son at Fiji against, the proceedings of (he Captain of H.M.S. Dido. Some splendid foxhounds have arrived in Melbourne from one of the best kennels in England. Chisholm SL CO. have called a meeting of their creditors Their embarrasment has been caused, by miuing speculations. By a gas explosion on the premises of iMr James Grant, in Elizabeth-Street. Melbourne, a house was damaegd and a youth injured. The exports from South Australia to the other colonies up to .April show an increaee over the corresponding period of last year. Twentv-one Chinamen have been fined ai Stawell an aggregate sum of £27 for playing at fan-tan. Splendid quartz reefs are reported to have been discovered near Condobolin in New South Wales. A man named Robert Henderson commifed suicide at Geelong on Tuesday evening April 27 A warrant was out against him. During the nassage of the ship d^mito from London 'o Melbourne, a seaman fell from the va r ds to the deck and had his brains dashed out. Fred Walters. cashier to Messrs Sanderson &. Co., the Melbourne woolbrokers, has been arrested upon a charge of embezzlement of about £6.000. Owing to Police Court disclosures representing improprieties in the British Commodore immigrant-ship, which has arrived at Sydney, there is to be an official investigation. A Sydney Telegram states th«t Ann Mc Avoenevhas pleaded guilty of murdering heT husband, and been sentenced to death; also Murry, aged 18, of murdering Aston. A white woman, six feet high, has been found amongst the. Keppel Bay natives. She cannot speak English, and is supposed to be the survivor of a shipwreck that occurrred in 1857- A spiritualist seance was lately held at Castlemain e, at which special representative from Melbourne were present, but the affair^proved a fiasco. An old woman residing near Geelong, who had been receiving relief from the Benevolent Society, has died, and £110 was found stitched -up in her clothes. A rule n'si has been granted to the!Northern shipowners, calling upon Mr. Plimsoll, M.P., to answer a criminal information for libel contained in his recent work. The No>-d- Deu'lch Z'V'tinq (the Ministerial organ) endorses the view taken by the Russian press concerning the Khivan question, and ridicules the English upon thr subject. A memorial for a mitigation of the sentence passed upon Mount and Morris was sent to the Secretary of State for the Colonies by the last mail. The shipments of breadstuff's for the week ended April 10 reached 6,000 tons, thus making the total expor;s for the year to that date just •)0,000 tons. Since the recent discovery in the Humbug Scrub a gieat many claims have been marked out there, and the Warden has been applied to for their registration. \ slight shock of earthquake was felt on Tuesday afternoon in South-West Melbourne. It was indistinctly felt by seveaal persons and reported from the Observatory. Tenders hsve been accepted by the Melbourne Government for the construction of a third section of the railway 'ine between Castlemaine and Dunolly at £39,149. Mr Hing has been presented by the stock, holders with a tea and coffee service and gold watch, for being the first person to introduce the trade of meat-preserving into Adelaide. From Warnambool we learn that the new potato-farina miils arc at work. The local press speaks in the highest terms of the prospects of the enterprise. We learn by telegram from Hay that gold diggings have been discovered at the Bald Hills Cudgellico. Several parties are going there from Hay ^ n instance of smart walking is recorded by the Hoba. t Town Mrrmnf. The paper states that a man named Fusciis walked four miles in 25 min C sees. The .\'i*trahi<>mt. in giving approximate harvest returns, in Victoria states the average yield of wheat at 17 bushels per acre. The area returns are slightly unfavorable ' r he German population of Sandhurst have sent by the Mail steamer, a handsome inkstand made of gold, silver, and blackwood to Prince Bismark, in acknowledgment of what he has done f or Germany. More country is being taken in the Far North. | A gentleman passed thiough Port Augusta a short time ago, who wa« going to open a station at Alice Springs, a distance of over a thousand miles from Adelaide. j A large snake, nine feet long, and as thick as ' a man's arm, which had been caught on the Murray by Mr E. ' r inlayson, has been presented to the Botanic Gardens. The reptile was black striped with white. .Mr. Thomas Stalker, of near Wentworth, went with a companion on Sunday, April 27 duck shooting, and while the two were playing with a gun, each trving to keep possession of it, the weapon exploded and shot Stalker in the chest. He died two or three hours afterwards. Six troopers have been despatched to the Northern Territory, to fill the places of those who lately resigned to go quartz reefing. To prevent the new troopers going the way of their predecessors, they have been bound to serve the Government for two years. A laTge quantity of bat guano has been discovered in some caves in several parts of Victoria, the deposits being so large that there will, it is probable, he an extensive export of the article if the Victorian farmers will allow so valuable a manure to leave the country. A very successful commencement of the April term at the School of Mines has been made at Ballarat On the 16th April fifteen students were in attendance. Of this number, however, the school of metallurgy absorbed the greatest number, whilst that of mining and land surveying was the worst amended. A slight shock of an earthquake was perceptable at Richmond on Tuesday afternoon. The wave appeared to travel in a northerly direction, and the shock, while it lasted, was rather a severe one. It was felt most severely on Richmond Mill, and on the Punt-road, near the liver bank. The recent rise in the price of copper has given a stimulus to the working of the Blinman Mine, which i* now turning out large quantities of ore of a high percentage. At the present time a mumber of drays are kept in constant employment carting this mineral to Port Augusta. T -e following announcement appeared in the Melbourne Ai/e of Saturday 12th inst.:—"At her residence, Svringa I.-'dge, Richmond, Ihe wife of Mr. Frederick Kreyln Liardet of twin daughters. Fathir delighted." The " delight" of the father in this case has a most auspicious look about it when it needs to be advertised. One day last week Miss Kate Powell, second daughter of Mr. T. Powell, of Stawell, was playing the piano, when, says the News, by some mischance a kerosene lamp standing on the instrument was upset, and the contents spilled over the lower part of the lady's dress, which was a mass of flame in a moment. She is since dead. An enterprising coach proprietor, in Adelaide has made arrangements for establishing a line of coaches between Port Darwin and Yam Creek, and other diggings, and will proceed by an early opportunity to the Northern Territory taking several omnibuses and teams of horses with him. Cheering news comes from the newly-settled Northern Areas, the heavy and seasonable rains having replenished the water tanks, filled dams, and so softened the soil that the farmers are in excellent spirits entering upon the work of preparing the ground for sowing. It is computed that in Xarridy 50 per cent, more land will be placed under cultiiation this season. On Tuesday morning at auction, by order of the Official Assignee, the book debts in the insolvent estates of Mr. J. Crase, of Eapunda, and Mr. W. Howes, merchant of Adelaide were sold Those of Mr. Crase, amounting to £3,770, went for £18 ; and those of Mr. Howes, in amount £1,962, fetched £21, the purchaser in each case being Mr. E. T. Smith, M.Pi The Dutch forces have been disastrously repulsed in attacking the kingdom of Acheem (in the northern end of the island of Sumatra). The troops were compelled to retreat to the coast, and a Council of War subsequently held resolved to suspend the further operations of the invading expedition till autumn in consequence of the monsoon prevailing. The blockade of Acheem, the capital, however, will be continued. Owing to the almost continuous tain the roads to Port Pirie have been so boggy that loaded teams had to camp at the dam, unable to go into the place till the weather cleared. An extra high tide was noticed on the night of April 17, and the residents think that the Government ought certainly to take active steps to enbank the Port before the winter sets in, else the locality will be in a frightful state. In New South Wales, the Border Customs Bill has received the assent of the Governor. In the viceregal speech His Excellency expressed regret at the change in the Suez mail terminus, and stated that the Assembly authority for making a Californian postal contract will be acted upon without delay. The address spoke of the Ministry having confidenee in being able to conclude satisfactory arrangements respecting the Border Customs duties. The Town Clerk of Adelaide having made an assignment of his estate, tendered on Tuesday last at the meeting of the Town Council his resignation " in consequence of pecuniary difficulties." Two or three of the members said they sympathized with him, and a motion was carried to the effect that the resignation be not then accepted but that it be referred to a committee of the whole Council. Mr. Alfred Gore who has returned to the Northern Territory informs the Adelaide papers that Mr. Tarleton has given part of a valuable freehold allotment in Palmerston as a site for a building to be used as a chapel and schoolroom, the cost of which, £150, has been lent by the Committee of the Congregational Chapel Building Fund, and towards the repaj ment of which £50 has already been subscribed. 'oflAijaial An elderly man named 'Baker, living on Baker's Flat, near Kapunda, attempted on Wednesday last to kill himself by cutting his throat with a razor. He made a gash and lost much blood, but not having cut the carotid he did not thoroughly effect his purpose. The man, who had not been in a sound state of mind for some time has been sent to the lunatic asylum. The narrative of those who were aboard the yacht Secret shows that Air. Campbell fell overboard while attending to the foresheet. The yacht was put about, and the men tried to pick him up, but heavy seas put out the binnacle light and the party were unable to save Campbell. The vessel then drifted on to the shore. Mr. Marshall, who took off his clothes in order to swim ashore, is suffering from the exposure he underwent The Gamier Times reports that one of the men emloyed by Mr. A. J. Woodman attempted to commit suicide. He had been drinking for a day or two previous, and on Easter Monday went and bought some sugar of lead. This he took home, and putting it in a cup with water drank it. Fortunately a young girl saw what he had done, and gave the alarm. He was brought before the Police Court on Tuesday, when he was remanded for a week. The test of the new furnace at the Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company's works has been eminently successful. Mr Leonard, the manager, telegraphed on the Iflth April that there was a large «le r osit of malleable and grey cast iron in the bottom of the furnace. It is also reported that iron ore has been discovered on the east coast of Tasmania. The quality is exceedingly rich, containing about 76 to 80 per cent of the pure metal. A discovery of a seam of coal within the city r>f Newcastle has been made. The Pi^i states that a new coal deposit of vast extent is Tikelv to be worked profitably within the very boundaries of the city of Newcastle. The mine | is situate under the Flagstaff-hill, Sand-hills, I part of the harbor, and other Government re- ! serves, comprising about 2000 acres. The seam has been proved by actual boring, is perfectlyclean throughout, apparently of the finest quality, and about 10 feet thick, having about 230 feet of cover composed of solid rock. The Geelong Advertiser writes: The Geelong Meat.. preserving Company are now preserving something over 20,0 )<» tins a week of beef and mutton. It is satisfactory to be able to report that what promises to be a very important trade has been opened up with India Some time ago the company sent a small con. signment there of preserved meats and soups _ these were so highly approved of. that by the last mail the eompany has received an order for between 1,400 and 1,500 dozen of tins." Great numbers of dingos, or wild dogs, according to the Manning River News, are now running in all the outlying parts of that district indeed, at night they may be heard within short distance of the township One squattea estimates that on his run alone there are at present nearly 2,000 of the creatures. Largnumbers have been poisoned, but there dose noe seem to be any fewer. Persons who have livedt on the Manning for along time say there more native dogs this season than for many years past. "It will hardly be belived," observes the Geelong Advertiser, " but it nevertheless is a fact, tliat hard-metalled roads near Terang and other places have been * honey-combed by locusts to a depth of half inch. How they could make such holes is surprising. They, however, are to be found in myriads, their beads peeping out, and their bodies hidden under ground. The occupiers of the plains say they have not a blade of grass, and unless a very material change tekes place the Western district will be losing its well-earned reputation as stock- fatening country." The Perth Inquirer states that a large fleet of boats were at work in Flying Foam Passage, and were all doing well Some very valuable pearls (one stated to be worth £300) had been procured and the shell itself is said to be of even a better quality than taken hitheno — the banks, however, being in as much as seven fathoms of water. There was still a great scarcity of divers, and coast natives were continually running awa-jf The latter are by no means to be depended upon, and their labour is much inferior in kind to the Malays'. We are informed that a few weeks back three little girls (E. Goldsmith, A. Pearce, and C Fawcett), each under ten years of age, conceived, the idea of doing some work for the benefit of the Wesleyan Sunday-school, with which they are connected as scholars. They carried out their intention ; and on Wednesday last the products t' tneir labours were offered for sale in rhe vestry "f the chapel, and realized between £2 and £3. " insidering the youth of the children, and the fat that the idea was all their own the circumstance K very creditable to them, and must have been gratifying to the conductors of the school Ibid. For a young gin u i" some sixteen summers to plough a twenty-acre paddock for seed, handling a team of horses as if she were "native and to the manner born," is certainly not an every day occurrence. Such a feat in agriculture has been accomplished this season by the daughter of an aged couple' residing about four miles from Seymour. Some gentlemen passing through the Tallarook Flats pronounced the work equal to the fair average work of an ordinary ploughman. It was then mid-day, and the fair one was taking her luncheon on a huge log, whilst her horses were alsoe taking a spell and a bite preparatory to turning over another half acre in the afternoon. Mr. W. Harcus held an inquest on Sunday at the Mitcham Inn on the body of Martha Watson who died that morning It appeared from the evidence that about a month ago Mrs. Viney, a neighbour of the deceased heard her screaming "Mrs. Viney, do come and help me, I am burning to death." She ran to the house and saw Ms Watson in flames lying down on the floor with her feet to the fire. Witness put out the flames with a bag, cut her clothes off with a knife and dragged her out of them as well as she could. Deceased was put on a sofa and her wounds dressed with oil, and afterwards she was attended by a medical man who told her family that the injuries would be fataL Deceased said she had been sitting on a stool beside the fire waiting for the pot to boil and her dress caught fire. A verdict was returned of accidental death. On Thursday morning, April 24, as Mr. Laurie, the contracter, and his men, were excavating at Port Pirie they dug up a skeleton, which judging from external appearan ces, mnst have lain underground for upwards of a quarter of a century. From the thickness of the skull it was evident that the remains were those of a sable denizen of Australia, who had fallen in a native fight, as on the back part of the skull there is a small hole seemingly caused by a blow from one of those pointed waddies which are used in native warfare. On the earth being taken away most of the skeleton crumbled to pieces; the teeth however, are good and sound The curiosity was exhumed in the presence of Messrs. Horuer, Hewett, (ralloway, and other residents. The bones are now in the possession of Mr. Simons at the Port Pirie Post Office. Register The North Otago Times tells the following story :—" In a township not a hundred miles from Omaru, a doctor (? —well, say Dr. X. commenced practice, and was consulted by not a few. Although one of his prescriptions savored strongly of lard and kerosene, for which mixture he charged half-a-guinea for a pill- boxful, he throve for a time, but one day, unluckily for himself, being in the bar of an hotel, he was hailed by some recent arrivals with the greeting 'Hallo, cook; you here !" A hasty adjourn ment took place, and a whispered consulation followed. The thing could not be kept quiet, the pseudo-doctor was the cook of the Great Britain. He has levanted, to the great regret of credulous creditors." As the hon. H. M. Murphy, M. L. C. was at breakfast on the 17th April, at the Post Office Club Hotel, a greyhound came into the room. Mr. Murphy threw a knife at the animal, and the weapon entered its chest. A gentleman present gave information of what had occured to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Mr. Mitchell, the inspector for the society went for a constable, to see the dog, but the landlord refused to let them do so, or to give any information about the occurrence. Application was then made to Inspector SadlieT, and an order to enter the house having been obtained, the dog was examined and a dangerous wound was discovered in Ihe left side of the animal which had been caused by a knife. The society intend prosecuting Mr. Murphy. Leadaa The Readier says that CoJonel Warburton took his final departure from Alice Springs on the 15th April and is now prosecuting his journey across the continent to Western Australia with every prospect of success. He and his party are thoroughly equipped and efficient in every respect for thelaborious task they have undertaken the long delay at * iicc Springs haying enabled their leader to procure additional men aud fresh supplies of provisions which have been forwarded j from Adelaide. Meteorlogical memoranda k* pt : by the Colonel during the month of January and \ published in the Re<)ht< r show that although th • range of temperature is greater than that of Adelaide the nights are delightfully cool even a: midsummer in Central Australia. The Broughton correspondent of the Register S2ys:—" Probably ihere will be more lann snivn with wher.t this yjar in th_- District oi' the Broughton than there ever has been in any year in all the < >nkaparinga District ; and neither tile members nor the <»overnment have lonkpd this way. that is. to do anything to improve cIk- road;-, or to gi t water, or anything else. The authorities laid out the township at Port Broughton and sold the allotments 0f land. Great improvements are already made on some of them. The other day another survey paTty came up, and they say the right place for the jetty is a mile and a half further up the channel. So far as I hear, this has brought the works and buildings to a standstill till such time as it is full? known where the township is to be." Some brokers manage to make money very ea«ilv at times. The Ki/wftn Gtinrduw »ives the following instance of such:—" A gentleman in ""elbourne, a day or two ago, telegraphed to Sandhurst, authorizing a broker to buy one hundred Extended Hustler's at a price. The broker in return closed the bargain by telegraph. But he did not buy in the face of a falling market, knowing that he, like other brokers, had three days to deliver. But at night the principal in Melbourne was seized with the panic and he telegraphed offering to pay £ 100 to be let off the bargain. The broker accepted the offer, as well he might, never having invested a shilling.' At Sandhurst, the total yield for the first quarter of the year was 75,267 oz , 12 dwt 5 gr. The amount of dividends paid during the quarter is £17<i,544 7s., and exceeds by f25,674 8s , the amount paid during the corresponding quarter of last year. The yield of gold has increased considerably The Bend ino A -rertiscr reports that the yield for the month of January : n this year was not so large as for January 1872, but in the two succeeding months it has been a good deal in excess of that for February, and for March of last year. A large decrease has taken place in the amount of calls, which for the first quarter of 1872 was £1 "7,499, and for the first quarter of this year £fi8,405, leaving a sum in favonr of dividends of £107,138. Petroleum is likely to to take an important place among the products of New Zealand. According to the Grey Pivr Arr;ns "another Petroleum spring, in addition to those already known to exist on the coast of New Zealand, has been discovered within the last four weeks, near the East Cape. It was found by a native while out locking for his horse. Mr. Edward Walker whohas sent a bottleof oil from it toMr. Locke, to be forwarded to Dr. Ffeetor, in Wellington, gives the following description of its situation, &c.;: —In the middle of the fern-clad tableland, between Takurangi and Wainpu, we came to a piece of marshy ground, ahout a square chain in extent, which trembles very perceptibly when walked on. This is the pretroleum spring. About 12 inches below the surface the oil runs, freely from any part of it when disturbed. It is bluish in colour, like castor oil. It is now running very abundantly. The discovery of an oil spring near Tupura, also is reported by Mr. Milne. There are now at least half a dozen known to exist on the East Coast." The Adelaide correspondent of the RapunJa Herald writes:—Jumping claims and scholastic squabbles are now the order of the day. The Government have got themselves into a pretty mess over the Northern Territory gold-mining legislation. The Act under which many of the claims have been taken out is repealed by the measure passed last session ; but the regulations framed by authority have not as yet seen the light in the Northern Territory. Knowing this, some sharpers have adopted the practice so prevalent among diggers of jumping a number tof claims. The persons aggrieved—and notably the proprietors of the Royal Staudard claims are of course very indignant, and they are seeking the aid of the law to support them in their efforts to oust the unwelcome invaders. But can the law help them ? What is tho law ? What is the position of the various claims which have been taken up ? These and many kindred questions are being asked with a good deal of earnestness; and there is some talk about the necessity o. calling Parliament together in order to settle the muddle which has arisen. It is said on tolerably good authority that it will be necessary to pass an Act validating the leases which have been granted under the old Act. On "Wednesday evening three females were stuck up by a man on the Farrell's Flat road, about half a mile from Hare. They were driving a horse and cart, when a man sprung from the side of the road, and caught the horse by the head. The female who was driving used the whip on the horse, and also on the man, but he backed the horse close to the fence, and unbuckled the reins. The frightened women leaped out, when he seized one of them and threw herdown. She got up, but was thrown down a second time, and in the struggle her clothes were torn to fragments. One of the others rushed at the fellow, and laid hold of him with so masculine a grasp which, in the dark, he must have thought other help had come, for he sprang to his feet, threw his antagonist from him, and went off. They got into the cart, and hastened back to ("lare, where they got friends to take them home. It is a pity they did not then give information to the police; had they done so the man would have been captured. The police are instituting enquiry into the matter, in order, if possible, to find the cowardly fellow Northern Argus The Pleasant Creek Ne->s states that "of the two powerful tribes of blackfel lows wli< formerly frequented the base of the Grampians, and who could be counted by hundreds not more than 25 years a so, there are now only two representatives left to each, and in one in stance those two are half-castes. There is a camp of blacks near the Mokepilly Station and among the inmates of the mia-mias is a Avell-educated man, who it is said, shares in the oppossums, fish, «ud other delicacies captured by tiie blackfel'ows and gins in the camp. This fellow is said lo be a relative rf a gentleman once holding a. very high posit- on as a Cabinet Minister in a neighbouringcoliony fliidiumour has it tliat he is heir to a baronetcy. He is enamoured, it is said of < ne of the gins, and to be near liis beloved has cast, off every tie that onuht to bind him to civilized life." What next? Every worthless :-nanip we have ever heard of in the colonies has pretended to be highly connected ! Tha stockman on Hamilton Station, W._ Burgess, as narrow an escape last week of mak ing a meal for a wily alligator as we have ever heard of. Whilst he and the blackboy were out on the run after c attle, they had occasion to pass close to the river bank. Suddenly they heard a dog howling, and looking round, Burgess missed a dog he had with him. The black boy suggested that "alligator patter that fellow, spose me and you look out," which they accordingly did, and found the dog, not being eaten by an alligator, but hung up in some vines, on a level with the water, having slipped down the bank while trying to get a drink. Burgess at once went down the bank to try and get the dog out of the vines. While engaged in doing this, he became suddenly aware of a big alligator coming right at him, no doubt attracted by the liowels of the dog, in hopes of a meal. Knowing how timid these brutes generally are, Burgess shouted and waved his hat at him, without trying to get out of the way But the brute wasn't to be hunted so easily, he eame straight on, and Burgess thought it high time to make tracks, which he accordingly did, climbing up the bank as quick as he could. The alligator made a rush at him, coming right out of the water, and just snapped th J heel of Burgess* boot, fortunately his teeth slipped off it, and the man <?ot clear with nothbut a severe fright. The dog meanwhile, had got clear of the vines and quickly went np the hank out of harm's way.—f'ockJtampfou, Buletin. A raid upon Chinese gamblers has been made at Ironbark Chinese Camp. The Bendioo In. deprndettt reports that on 18th April detective Alexander, sergeant Drought, and senior-constable Cocke, in company with nve odicr constables, visited the camp After hiding about the two gambling-houses for about an hour, when the occupants of the houses had fairly settled themselves down and commenced their ganv,\ a rush for the doors was made, but they were found locked, a low partition separating ! the police from the gamblers. < >ver th s the constables scrambled, and entered the presence of ; the surprised Chinese. No resistance was made by them in their arrest, and they, with all the i implements used in carrying on the lotteries, 1 were put into a couple of cabs, and brought to the lock-up. About half a dozen large butchers' . knives were amongst the articles s ized, which, they were informed, are used for the purpose of keeping away the evil spirits from the gambling tables. There are some well-to-do Chinese storekeepers amongst the prisoners, who seemed rather uncomfortable in their unpleasant position. The ladep vdcut. remarks that it will not be unnaturally asked why the police do not make a raid in the city ? Twenty times as much ! money was won and lost in the principal thoroughfare of Sandhurst on Friday night as would keep the Ironbark encampment gambling for twenty years. Two warm-hearted sons of 4 the Kmerald Isle on cither side of Elizabeth-street north, after a severance of many yvais, recognised cach other on Monday afternoon Oblivious to the fact that innumerable vehicles and rquestrians were passing and repassing with inc. than ordinary velocity and pace through this great thoroughfare, the men ran towards each other, and had scarcely shaken hands in th.- centre of the street, when one of them named Brophy, residing at Flemington, was knocked down and trampled upon by the horse of a Mr .Miller, which that gentleman was driving in his bug y to the city «Ireat was the consternation of the fallen man's friend, who, in place of permitting the horse to go on, seized the winkers, and, amidst the imprecations of the crowd kept the horse prancing on the body of his mate for some seconds - n- other Irishman standing by, observing the danger of poor Brophy, thinking the end justified the means, and doubtless recalling the apothegm, " save me from my friends," dealt the man at the winkers a well-aimed blow, which felled him also to the ground, and then extricatad his friend. After some "barneying," they adjonrned, not to the hospital, but to a ho-telry hard by B:ophy received a severe bruising and an ugly scalp wound on the forehead An unusually large pearl, found on the nortii. west coast of Australia, is to be seen at Messrs. Brush & Drummond's, jewellers, Collin street west, Melbourne. It is pear shape", weighs 150 grains, is of a very fine texture, and has an excellent lu-tre. Its size is abou: equal to that f of a common acorn, though it is o course different in shape. There are one or two specks on the smaller end, which is also scarcely perfect in its outline, but the thick end is superb, and is not marred by the slightest defect. No fair estimate of its value can be made here, as there is no Australian market for -uch gems. But Mr. H. Fmanuel, F.R.G.S,, in his book on " Diamonds and Precious Stones," mentions only three larger pearls than the one now Teferred to. These three, which, when the book was written, were in the " Crown Treasury" of France, were valued as far back as 191—one of 3t8gr. at £8,000, and the two others, each of which weighed 2l4gr., at 12,000. The pearl at Messrs. Brush and Drummond's was found by a pearling expedition fitted out from this port Its owner, a Melbourne merchant, purposes exhibiting it at the Vienna Exhibition, and then testing its value in the London market. Respecting the performances at the theatre in Adelaide the correspondent of the Border Watch writes :—At the Theatre Koyal there have been some rather doubtful performances lately, which have immensely pleased the groundlings, the demi monde, the ancient young men, the rapid youths,—have been relished quietly by fast young ladies matriculating for the streets,—but have disgusted sober- minded steady playgoers, the lovers of purity, the haters of suggestiveness, the abhorrers of insinuating vicionsn .ss. The star of the company, a clever, fertile, versatile actress, would not lend herself to anything questionable, and takes no part in hot afterpieces ; but, of course, other people can be induced to take parts in performances that are not creditable either to the ac'ors, the lessee, the place, or the audiences. The manager can put better pieces on the boards, and if convinced that the lower will not pay, will produce the higher class. It is merely a question of supply and demand, for the old story about the theatre being made an educator of the people, an inculcator of morality, a frowner upon vice, is as ridiculous as would be the same pleas if put forward on behalf of Miss Braddon's novels. Complaints are sometimes made that hosts leave the drama for the horse play; but who can wonder ? 