THE RIDDLER'S NEW VOCABULARY. new definitions or words published June 21, furnished by Carnac, Zero, DLVImen, Unohoo, and Iveagh. Bacon.— The ghost of Banquo phoneti cised, metamorpnosed, and anagrammacised. A thing which people like to save and cure. The new Glenelg gee-hog-raphy to the briny. A Bay-con-side-aration and 'no gammon.' A perfect cure. The apotheosis of a pig. Bar. — The bark of a dog without its (the bark's) tail. Sinister — a bar in a Bank ledger that a crowbar can't move. Dexter — a dexterous de-fence by a bar-ister at the bar. A bar-gain gained again. The fountain of colonial swipes. Not a bar on the road to ruin. Half a bar-ber. The third part of a barbarian. Beast. — A Darwinian monster of the Yahoo race, the race being between two legs and four. A dastardly, degenerated, debased, deteriorated, degraded, detestable, dilapi dated, dingy, dirty, disgusting, disorderly, dismal, drowsy, drivelling drunkard. Beggar. — A loser (S.A.) asking for notes out of a winner's (Vic.) book (£15,000). One who solicits=a solicitor=a suitor who don't suit her. A canting mendicant who can't be mended. BENEVOLENCE. — Goodwill— i.e., a good will made bv a maiden aunt on a good Fri-day; ther. 102° in the shade. ' Robbing Peter to pay Paul.' Imp-lowering your friends to help those whom you have imp-overished. Bigotry. — A big-hot-riser on New Year's Day. The creed of a man who believes in his own infallibility. A universal virtue which none confess. Blush.— An obsolete term in these days of paint, hush, with its head on (B). A tinted countenance, red-ily seen. A rare pheno menon, produced by love's first kiss under the rosey hue (you). Stock in which N. T. Mining Company Promoters don't deal. Brass. — That in which they do de'iL The outer casing of a sharebroker's countenance. The stepping stone to popularity when allied to ' tin.' A base metal said to be changed to gold on 'Change. Seen on door-knockers, ornamented with a cheeky face. Definitions of the following words are solicited : — Candid, Conjurer, Corporation, Cradle, Critic, Cupid, Curiosity. 