Wagga Wagga Advertiser "This is true liberty, when freeborn men, Having to advise the public, may speak free." MILTON. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1873. It is quite impossible to assign any limits to the wonders which the nineteenth century is destined to develope. We have got over our astonishment in respect of lucifer matches, locomotive engines, iron ships, electric tele- graphs, photography, sewing machines, and similar triumphs of mind over matter ; but we must always be prepared for the attaining of what is apparently impossible, and the familiarising of it throughout the world. Indeed, so truly startling have been the dis- coveries of science, and their practical appli- cation of late years, that there is scarcely room now for scepticism as to the possible achievement of almost any impracticable object. "The latest new sensation," how- ever, is "have you seen the ghost ?" Not Peppeh's illusion of lime-light and plate glass, but the true ghosts of the Spirit world duly photographed at so much per head. We are of those who refuse to encourage or give credence to the ravings of so-called sprritists—not because we are unable to disprove their assertions, but rather because, if everything they urge were perfectly true, we can discover no good reason for upsetting people's minds on the subject. The last phase which this sickly sentiment of spiritual ism liasassumed is certainly one that deserves mention, even if it baffle inquiry and success ful exposure. When spiritist photographers, assisted by "mediums," boldly declare that they can give you the carte de visite of any ghost or spirit that happens to be in the room at the time ; and when they really do perform this act of prestidigitation in such a neat way as to defy detection even by skilled artists in the photographic line, it is time to insist upon inquiry. Without scientific inves- tigation and full demonstration of the impos- ture, statements and so-called proofs of this kind are calculated to disturb society, and to upset the harmony of domestic circles. To be convinced that dead people are, in the spirit, continually looking over our shoulders, reading our secrets, and conveying them per "medium" post to our enemies or even to our friends, is not a comfortable reflection. Indeed we think that if any one could be seriously convinced that he was perpetually liable to the intrusion of dis-embodied spirits with the faculty of passing through key- holes, but at the same time so substantial that their outline could be photographed, he would not be able to attend to the or- dinary business of life, and his desire to become a go-through-the-key-hole spirit would be such that suicide in his case would be quite natural, and almost pardon- able. It is almost impossible to approach this subject of spiritists, mediums, and ghost photographers with any degree of patience, or without ridicule. At the same time, one cannot but admire the ingenuity of these tricksters, who so cleverly arrange their plans that they can successfully impose on men of talent and integrity, staggering their belief, or rather rebuking their in- credulity. Now, a Mr. John Beattie, who by all accounts is a man of unquestion- able character and scientific attainments, has startled all England by declaring his conversion to the spirit theory and—being himself an eminent photographer—to the possibility of taking the likenesses of in- visible ghosts by means of collodian and the camera. He began to investigate the pheno- mena as a sceptic, and seems to have taken every pains to guard himself against being the victim of deception. Hearing of a certain Mr. Hudson, who professed to be able to take the likenesses of spirits, Mr. Beattie, accompanied by a discreet , friend, visited the studio, and having ascertained the terms, proceeded to put Mr. Hudson through his facings. It would be tedious to go through the whole of the experiments, and it is suffi- cient to say that; Mr. Beattie came away satisfied of the truth of this ghastly disco- very. He himself sat for his likeness, and when the plate was taken from the camera there appeared—but let Mr. Beattie speak for himself— The daughter was to sit as the medium. I said I would rather she would stand by me than sit behind the ground, which was agreed to. All being ready, I sat profile to the background, in order that I might see it, my friend at the same time controlling the ex- posure. The sitting occupied about one minute. The result was a failure, no ghost being then in attendance. "In the next experiment all was the same, except that the medium sat behind the background. On the picture being developed a sitting figure besides myself came out in front of me, and between the background and myself. I am sitting profile in the picture ; the figure is in three-quarter position, in front of me, but altogether between me and the background. The figure is draped in black, with a white-coloured plaid over the head, and is like both a brother and a nephew of mine. This last point I do not press, because the face is like the face of a dead person, and is under- lighted. "In my last trial—all, if possible, being more strictly attended to than before, and in the same place, relativo to me—there came out a standing female figure, clothed with a black skirt, and having a white coloured, thin, linen drapery, something like a shawl in pattern, upon her shoulders, over which a profuse mass of black hair loosely hung. The figure is in front of me, and, as it were, partially between me and the camera. "A fourth experhnont was tried, in which I did all the work and my friend sat, but there was no re- sult. "I wish, if this business be all deception, someone would 'make a hole' through it for me. Mr. Hudson was exceedingly careless as to my doings. He left me in the dark room many minutes together, and there was nothing I left unexamined. Besides, in my own town, on Tuesday last, in making a series of experi- ments, I got results of a singular character, but which I will not publish until they are a little farther ad- vanced. "Now to conclude : if the figures standing by me in the pictures were not produced as I have suggested (remembering their possibility has been otherwise proved), I do not know how they were there : but I must state a few ways by which they were not made. They were not made by double exposure, nor by figures being projected in space in any way ; they were not the result of mirrors ; they were not produced by any machinery in the background, behind it, above it, or below it, nor by any contrivance connected with the bath, the camera, or the camera slide." Going away from Mr. Hudson's studio, Mr. Beattie commenced a series of experiments himself on the spirits, and with equally happy results. So honestly, indeed, did he go to work, that he took care to conduct his inquiry in the presence of others ; and at length he sent the pictures produced to the editor of the British Journal of Photography, who declares them to be truly wonderful, and offers them to the inspection of the public, affirming at the same time the high character of Mr. Beattie. Now, this is a swindle that ought to be thoroughly investigated and exposed. It is, of course, quite possible to believe that Mr. Beattie really believes in all he has ad- vanced ; but is it not surprising that he did not make some inquiry as to where the ghost got the "black skirt and the light-coloured "drapery of a shawl pattern." This is really too ridiculous. Even if we were in- clined to admit that the spirits of the dead do hover about the earth, we cannot be expected to preserve our gravity when Mr. Beattie talks of their going about in "black "skirts" and "shawl-pattern coverings. Photography is one of the grandest inven- tions of the age, but if it should be prosti- tuted to degrade men's minds by supersti- tion and unhinge society by fears, it were better that Daguere had never been born. 