ENGLAND TO NEW SOUltI W\ALES VIA AMERICA.-A TRUE TALI. AND NO MANUFACTURED FACTS. 1" Y IOWIN nUTLrIII, 01' (OUlliUiLN, N.st'. Nnv. 5T1, 1872.-My daughter, niece, and niyself having taken through tickets from Livirpool to Sydney by the celobrated Caunard line, we got on hoard the splendid steamer Abyssinia at eleven a.m., having a few days previously retired, at all risks, from the s.e. Atrato, which unfortunate steamer (bound to Melbourne, September 14th,). had returned to Plymouth, first, from the loss of her all four fans and both anohor chains broken; secondly, from, her mainshaft snapped asunder near Madrid, Octobor 6th, and losing overboard two sea men and the third officer, while returning under sail, Sunday, the 20th October, re parts of which, as copied from the Western News; were sent to the Goulburn Herald; and our return passage money (or propor tion) claimed by my party was left to be collected by my London agents, without litigation if possible. This morning, prior to leaving Liverpool, I commended our party to God's providenoe and grace, after reading the 2nd chapter of St. James and writing a farewell letter to the 1oev. Mr. Beoll, super intendant of the King-street circuit, Ply mouth, whose friendly sympathy and conso :lation speoially claimed acknowledgment. Nov. 7th.-Bill of fare-dinner on Abys sinia: Soups, giblet and macoaroni; fish, cod and oyster sauce; boiled-veal stewed .with mushrooms, pork and beans, fowls, corned beef and cabbage, cold ham, ox tongue; roast- mutton and onion sauce, beef and baked potatoes, turkey and fowls, porlr and apple sauce, ducks; entrees chicken puddings, Scotch collops, stowed tripo, rabbits; vegetables-kidney-beans,' carrots, baked and boiled potatoes, salad, lettuce, and radishes; poastry-plum and apple pies, oooles oakelos, charlotte an pommo,' sweet sandwiches, sago and lemon pud dings; dessert-grapes, almonds and raisins, .pea-nuts, figs, walnuts, apples; coffee and tea. ,Abill of fare is also placed on the tables for .lunch, together with wine cards; ales and porters are paid for on delivery. Two bbllse ring for breakfast, 8 and '8.80; one boll for lunch, twelve, noon; two' bell .fir dinner, '38:30 and 4.0 pam,; tea, 7.30; ?s'uppoi, if ordered by pineaongars, 0.30 to 10; lights' a'ftorwards extinguished in a-. •loont, and at 11.80 in the state-roornms. Pas-Y seougers are requaotod to reporit the stowards who may not appear in proper uniform; :butltho stewards and all olicers up to 'thte ,'dnptaiun are invariably ,polito, and ,strictly keeping to their rospoetive poets of duity. -'Friday,' 8th Nov.-Broakflast: :lour kliudi of fish, seven kinds of hot moat and six khiilsiof cold ; entreis, e oven; vegetablos, two; and ton, cilno ti and chlocolate, At 'diinor deas are stpplied with all driiks, and ii?ariahly aooepted. . With head winds all night, averaged sail oloven knots (miloes) per hour. 01 the' sixty ladios (saloon pasesoi gi~tr) 'tthre-fburths seasick, In June last this Abyssinia had in her during one voyage it is said 1800 souls! C .Oaptain uamines, lk?riooinit Australia, lins"boon her. con "i'rindei from her first voyage, Two well furnished librarioe are lit the iedo of paIsei 'oras without' rbstrictions, The dowi1 off Queenistown of President Urant's re- olection lae been a matter of excited interest with 'most of ithin A?ioricn pansengers here. The fobllowing;notice stuck up in the saloo?i on trance shows that the Amtericin government ie''"p'irtioulr : -- "Pssengors .will; "please hand their, paspuge-tickets to their respective state-rooum !stewards as soon: st possible, with the following partioulqra' on back thereof (as required by the U. S. A. govern mont), via., name, in full, age, ocoupation or profession, country of birth, last legal resi dence, country claiminig allegiance, country you intend to inhabit, if in the U. 8. A. hathre, numhor of packages of luggage, R.M.S. Abyssiii, Nov. 7, 1872." Sittrdhty, 9th Nov.-This is the birthday iof the Prince of Wides and ta great holiday in Victoria, but unknown in America, Notting fresh to record except that one .of tl'o passeongern told me that ho.when a boy was a scholar at ono of Rowland Hill Sinday schoolo, Woolton-undor-Edge. That one of the boyn had boon guilty of stealing, and a:nos n antidoto to the offence Rowland Hill, in addrounintg the school, called the little culprit to the dloka, Iut a rope around his necil, iandl tiut holdi him for twenty minutes, while oxpatiating on the eighth commandutlult tand tshowing ho little sine may lond to the gallot's The soste of liauno tthuts cur:teld proved salutary, thouKgh the mont used tmay be quitntionod in tites day. Did 2t04 miilci,, ltding noon to-day from noon yaeterday, and direct head winds ,gainst us. Monday, 1lth Nov.--Did 322 miles yes, toirdity, Sunday. Thi cahptain read priiyter at 10.80 a.m. ieftoro about ono-third of the eihl6on pafssengers and a' goodlyu'nobb6'r{'of the crow, the doctor noting as clerk leadins .., : . i ., .. ... , . , the responaes. This form of dbvotion com monced with "I will arise and go to my Father," and terminated with the apostle's benediction; no sermon. The Psalms of the day being road with mchlanical rapidity, the spirit of devotion won difficult to follow. Still it was acknowledging Gtod, and better than anything worse. The ship's libraries having some good theological works for general use, some of the more devout availed themselves of this source of profit during this long, rainy, and depressing Sabbath. On Saturday 8 p.m. oxchanged complimon tary roolkets with a returning Ounard steamor to Liverpool ; dark night. Nov. 13th (\Vedneosday).--Had' a gomod run again yesterday. Glass 'down to 37. Oold winds blowing even land birds, off Newfoundland ; somo lodging on our rig ging templiorarily till blown further on the wild moan, to perish. Enough to make 'M[ise-Burdett Coutte weep, whose sympathy, for suffering birds is known so well in En'r laod by many naughty; birds'-nesting Jioyrs. I was struck with the profusion of jowollory on the American ladies' fingers, oars, and necks. But a gentlonman modified my sur prise when he told me the, American duty on such adornmonts was very heavy, but if worn on the person such duty woutld be evaded. The steamboats havo to py' a tlax of two dollars a head for all passengers, including emigrants, not Amerioans, on landing at New York, to protect a fund for the disabled emigrants, the refuse of Euro peon superfluous populations. The freight on board is charged from 10s. to 60s. per ton, measurement. Friidany, Nov. 16th, 1.0 p.m.-Took a pilot on at four this morning. Knowing we were about throoe hundred miles off Now York, some of ius thought-the steam sus pended-all was going wrong. Upon going on doek I was told that pilots from extreme competition go out five hundred miles to got a job, at times. Was amused at an Ameri can youth only twelve years old promenading a lady about double his owi ago up andi down the long dock. I said to him, after wards, "being leap-year I suppose the lady proposed to take your arm." Hoe replied, "no, I proposed to liher." This was fol lowed by "heoar, hoar," from the bystanders, one of whom oxolaimed, addressing ,me, "what do you think of that, Noew South Wales?" "Well," I rejoined, "your American youth, if this be a sample,. are more preoooious than 'I have ever seen in England or Australia." For the year 1871 Oaptain Hains from his Abyseinia passengers paid in £2741 4s. 3d. to the Liverpool Seamon's Orphan Institu tion, and still takes up colleootions from each voyag. Letters up to nine a.m. to-morrow for, Great Britain only will go by private mail for one penny stamp under the j ox. quiokor and cheaper than if poatod'lin the Noew York post-office for six conts. Tuesday, Nov. 10th.--Had no trouble in passing our luggage through the oustom offoors. My written doolration on a printed form, nulbjoot to a few questions, fully satin; fled the offioor without opening a single pnolage. Proceeding to the best liotel in Now Yorkl-the Fifth Avonue-with only moderate laggageo,' ost Ahout 10 dollars,' which amount of'convoyaceo could be. had 'in Liverpool- for about' 2s., 6d. :! This wae very irritating. Here is machinery cotivoy ing ladies and gentlemen from the base to summit of the hotel, calling at every floor, in operation nearly all day and night:. The floora are carpeted very expensively. The' fashions are in exess--the ladies very ox-; travegantly attired. Hotel charges for self, daughter, and 'niece, from lunch Saturday to breakfast on Monday, thirty dollars,I exclusive of beds. Wednesday, Nov. 20th, 10.30 a,m-Yes-os torday visited No. 15 publio school at Albany, one hundred and fifty miles off New York. My attendant rung the entrance-oobell, whioh was answered by a youth; whoseoourod our introduotion to Levi Oaes Esquire, thii 'prin ipal. Thoe objoot of our call being ox plained, it was followed by a 'vry'cordial reonption. The number oft names on tle roll-books is abhoutfive hundred, girls and boys,' of whloi 03 per, cent. gave regular attendance.. All the toeachor except: the principal, are ladies-one, teaohor. to'one schoolroom, containing about thiitty-eix scholars, male and female, eleven to seoven teeoon years of age, whose parents mnay ble journeymen taildrs or bishops and bar-' risters. The son of a tailor, eleven years of age, was called aside aid requested to give' a recitation in the largo hall in the presoence of my party only. The boy's mind appeared to me to be over-cultureol, or as inuch so as would be thought proper for an English orn Australian youth of sixteen .or seventoon; years of ago. Thoe play-grounds for wet; weather appeared satisfactory, but for a fine; day too contracted, While frost and snow were on the dirty streoots and irregular pavements, the school-rooms were, hiatod under a modorate ventilation. .Questions tnewerod by caloitiona' made on the black.: hoards were sotnmetlling' natonilshing, and showing how the sionooe of tonoeaching is far in, advance:offoror r.years. WVo observed in the various echool-roome "spaoimone of penmanship, reainllng in a vory 'loud voion, drawingh', dictation',' spelling, &e.;, omnmacid ing. our, highesat iapprobation.. A woelekly printod report is filled up by casoh teachor forthe principal thlus:-Whole numboer df Ioholare rogistered since (last dato); 'diftb promoted ;: ditto withdrawn, &C.; cases of absence during the weeOk; avcrag daily attondaneoo; per cent, of daily attendanoo; whole number of failures in recitations; easoes of tiirdinossea'; communioatione; oases of cor poral punishment; visitors during the weeook; names of pupils whoso oonduot during the week lhad beeoon cenaurable. A foot-note is addbd to this report calling the attention of teaohors to the importance of-lst, aonuracy and neatneso; 2nd, promptnees; 3rd, life and 'earnesness 4th, fumiliarity with le. sone; 5ti'; eleidulinose, vonritilatlon, and tbmporutturo of room; 0th, quiotnross in sohool; 7th, supproession of all communion tion; 8th,; pueibtuality,; Oth, moral' charaotor of oaoh pupil; 10th, intoroest of parents in the school. I forgot'to mnntion that in cailing, nut Stoward's irenowiiod dry-goode rstail. storo in Now York to sus anopheow: of nitso I asie struck with" imous nt."n It i is to'mpitod thalt If all th'Illoors WeroL put on, ont o aur faoo they voiuld oovor fiftoen ;iores; that the number of' itnploy;?' numle.r' over,' throo thousand; that thoitr "'triliig,"': tottil, on busy ?ays oxceed 150,000 dollars' ,dtllhy. 'Aftoe'g'abde arn'dold they aroetauon bycasisl' boysa with the purohae-money and.memo. radud?t?i to u;a dheokling oounter, wheoe theyl are checked and packed, then returned by thlu same cash-boy to the salesman and customoers. The sale-rooms are beautifully carpete(d. Mirrors and platoeglass fittings, telegraph-offices, railway and steamship tables, and till information for customers and tihe public here abound. Monday, Nov. 25th --I should have moe tioned that in Now York my party and myself wont to lnar Henry Ward Beecher. After some dilficulty, one of the ushers seciured us sittings, but some considerable distance from the distinguished preacher and author. The choir opened the service in such a manner that our feelings woere over come. There was a very handsome bouquet of flowers on the preaoher's loft hand on the stgo:e His opening prayer after reading scripturo was very simple; beautiful in" ox pression, and affecting. There were many roasonable novelties throughout the service; but 'one of his illustrations made the large company of some five thousand persons laugh, while at other points there would be toars shed. He tried to show that the Chrie timn should glorify God through his own natural temperament and: not be uncharit able to the brother of an 'opposite tempera-' moet, His stipend yearly is 14,000 dollars, sonmo say 20,000.. I. liked Spurgoon in London bettor. After' service was over I asked him if lie were acquainted with the Rev. MIr. COurnow of Sydneoy. . He said he had two letters from him in reference to his (Bsocher's) publications, but neither of them oknowlodged.a letter he had written to Mr. Ouruow. He accepted my. card, andr made a memorandum on the back of it. Heowears is black cloth cape atid'a black hard felt hdt,' the duke shapo-dnclerical-and shaves un speringly from ear round to.ear., . Passing' thirough Albany we heard Pun slion lecture on MIen of the May Flower; tickets a dollar each. The room,, holding two thousand, was beoautifully carpeted and lit up. Amongst my party was a sister-in law I had never seeoon before, who introduced me :to one of':,the Methodist 'Episoopal bishops, who,,at the close of thovory able leooture, introduced me ,to. the .lecturer. 'Amnongst other questions 'Mr. Punsliion asked me' we""is' Mr.' :Iynak's liealtli bhotterb I'rblieveil his ichiety.' The resi: dent pastor is Rev. Merritt Hulburd. I was particularly gratified in going over Messrs. .Emery and, 'Son's , gricultural, works. . I took a copy of their twenty-fifth; annual circular for 1872. Other machines fdr working raw cotton and for dairy pur poses were new to me, such as the. "patent improved' dbg or :beep churning power," by which a dog or a sheep can save the labour of a man or woman churning, or on 'the same simple. 'plan,wood-catting and: chaff-dutting can be done by a horse. 'Passing on to Chicago we stayed six hours at Niagara Falls. The driver charged us five dollars, and oharges for views and.going over "the suspension bridge about another seven dollars. The extreme frost and snow made it rather difficoult to walk.underthe falls pf a dppth -of one.l hundred and. sixty eight foot of a pouring-down stream. In the summer months eight hundred visitors daily frequent theose awfully grand works of nature, .. . Arrived 'at Chicago 9.30 n.mi Sunday, thei 24th Nov., having passed through..sonime. parts of Oanada.,. O.rparty, of four. at once. made -for Wood's Hotel, States-street; had' a:hurried breakfast, changed; apparel, and .worshipped' at the nearest..Baptist church, iip'able of holdiing about 2200 wdrshippers. Here too this grand church was crowded. One of the ushers seated us.very comfortably at a good hearing distance froin the prearcher. Three ladies, and I think.four gentlemen formed the choir, assisted by, a v'ery' lairgoi and fine organ.' These songsters apoeared equal to the first theatrical,performers and 'onlculated' to wake up' the most dormant natures as they opened the public service. Dr. Everett, the pastor, then. read an abridg-' merit of 'the ton' conmiiridmentis, prayed extempore, gave out a second hymn, which was sung by..-those most- attractive; voices'; 'and very fawof thio'cbngogtioen 'j'oining. abiout half,of whoim sitting doeivrdi 'nd hhlf standing. On the doctor taking his seat, the Rev. Miss Smiley, a Quaker lady, in removing her bonnet apljiotabhod the roed iug-desk, gave outihor ,text, arid 'praoched' about, the children of. Israel, passing through, the REd Sea with language and' ability, that iprtiod'e lier aeiiuihintiino;o '"ith:' soliptrroe' Iuman nature, extensive reading and travel, with ability in securing the breathless attention of her intelligent and fashioniably: dressed 'iudiedao,. Afteor this 'eoivio!' the whole" of thdstugo as by 'magio drew back, and half a dozen of female and male subjects for baptism were with great, solemnity. wholly immersed, finishing with'soingand tihe benediction.. The stipend hero is 5000 dollars.' 'Ohicago, of 890,000 population, 'i rapidly being re-bheilt. One of the twenty two railwahy'dopitslin doiure d'of'oredtli' is I think tile largest in: tlie worldiphotographs of which are, at the ,ihotols. There are: 10i (iatholic cihuralchsi, i8 ii pioopal, .18 Bap tlists, 41 Unitarian, 21 ?rehhytorian, 18 Methodiet Episeoopal (an aggroessivo body), 8,Univereilitt;23 .phitailthropliio?sooloeie s, 8 public hhlld;, I1 hospitals tind'nsylums, 20 piublio schools, only 8 places of-amusement, whileo lthoroearo 41, banka- proving, that dollars dnd',es.e abound-.12:.nowspapoere, and ' p~arks.., Time will st allow me to see over their. giganti. waterworks, When the Pithcd of 'Wales visited Amorioa I am told he epent,.a. week at .Iiagara, and when at Now York pdt up attlhe.hotel we did-the Fiftli ainou0;' Vnyi'little of wines, boors, and epirats are' usdtatthose 'immonso hotolu. To.day,I had' thy ,hair dot, :Ohictugo style; prico 70 eonts I Three of my packages detained botwooeen. heroe and 'Albany,' coal polling me to' stay over twelve hours extra. Have writton to the railway authorition at Albany as warmly. as my humble abilities will allow. The railway carriages are very largo,'but shut up and intensely hot from heated stoves, Wednesday, November 27th,-Arrived at Omaha at 10.80 am. to.day, hiaving had bod and.breakfast atouncil Bluffse, just overMlitesourt Bridge, for which we wore chargodatdollar and sevenoty- five cents each., A party of.five missionaries with their hlue bands wovio:setayiig at ian' hotel. The ladies are botter up in orthodox divinity than gen tlomen aibout this hiotoirongenious poplulntiou. T'h lanud hero bolongs to the railwvay comn panine, on either side for a distance of ten miles being undorlot to farmeors, We are sow 1014 miles New Yorrk sido of San Frian inos.' Iniporfootly clad Indian wmvon ao nd their unwashed offspring stand about tihe 'remoto and almost unpopulated railway stations near here, I omitted to mention that' while passing through Albany our visit over the penitentiary secured us -muah novelty and interest. The prisoners, male and fomalo, from a given number of daysto the end of their natural lives pay the podalty' of their crimes by learning the boot and shoe trade and oano-bottom-chair manufacturing. The men and youths are in rooms of about one hundred each, under the direction of instructors, and assisted by a groat variety of machinery under steam power. The various compartments well heated dnd ven tilated. The females are in distinct build *ings under the instructions of qualified female overseers. The profits of this criminsl establishment are remarkably, large lifter covering all its original' and workinog expenses, and I think worthy the notice of English and Australian legislators. The inmates, of six hundred more or less, were about five men to one woman, working daily ten h'ours. November 28th, Thursday.-COheyenne, 0041 foot above the level of the sea, is the placeo of our present stage of advancement 516 miles beyond Omaha. Ladies here re tiring from the railway cars are under pro-. toction as they proceed to the dining-saloon at this station. The Indians may be offen sive; they have shot their arrows, into tourists'while fishing. No advance upon a, dollar yet for, a single meal, ' The prairie dogs about hero are notso shy of the express train as the antelopes, which latter resemble' English door, and afford for breakfast ante lope steaks. Two proclamations are in the nowspapers..calling upon the people to ob serve this day' fdr the'yearly publio thankse giving; but the New York Tribune suggests that no thanks be rendered for the present horse-disease now extending-to the docks and hoene and turkeys -a suggestion too,:light perhaps for a traveller to repeat. There are excitement and a social feeling in American travelling unknown in England, except in the higher circles of English tourists. November 29th.--Taking dig dinner atEvans ton 'station,''situated 6835 feet above 'the :level of the soa; In theowinter of 1860 this was the termination, of !passenger traffic. Snow- sheds are frequent,; but the wild feneooless sprice is oily partiially covered with snow ; even the line is not fenced. Five telgraph;lines, three on the left, two on' the right, accompany a single line of railway. Coal-mines, are in active operation as we pans Pulpit Rock, from 'which Brigham Young preached his first sermon. The horses here are thin, small, but apparently muscular, .driven all in pairs in very light conveyances. ·'bliis of the Salt Laake Daily Tribune, an advocate in particular of mining interests, and a fearless opponent of the Mormon "Israel," are;sold by'runners on the 'train as well as San Franoisco,papers. I extract from the former the following: "To-day the post-office will be open only from twlved to:one o'olook on, account 'ofthe emnploye 'as 'well as the 'public generally being engaged to eat turkeys." (It being Thanksgiving-day, 28th instant.) Saturday, 6,p.m., 'SOthl.November.-Left Ogden for Salt Lake City last night at six p.m; Had 'good bed; breakfast, add dinder at Towdsend House. Mormon publications and photographs of local celebrities. and buildingse, together with " newspapers 'and magazines sold here, Mr. Townsend politely, ,offered to. introduce , ne to .Brigham, ,thoe president, of their "Israel; "' but' learnih'g that he,was.confind to, his' bedroomi'I ould orly forward my card with a letter of intro diuction to' himi avwaitinig isereply at con venience. Our:party joined other visitors in looking over the Tabernacle, capable of seat ing more than St. Peter's at Rome, and on the, 6th of *Ootober, at 'a'speoial; gathering, liold a ;ongregautioi of'15,000 ? worshippers. The averago attenddtnce we were told was 8000; ! It' is'built in,the shape of'an egg, supposing it out in half from point to point, resting:'uponi forty-six brick anid 'sandstone finished .pillars.', The " temple-in course of erotion close:' by is estimated to onst 10,000,000 dollars (about £2,000,000): The Gentiles, say ?-it; will' never bo' completed. Tlh'oe ldib6 ir cimnpanios about thlis city have an appearance of.'todesty uinkuown in oities wheroe 'polygamy, is not tdleratedd; but my vlisit was too short to say that this appear i?rioo'isasiiffeotod or otherwise. The length aeuod conversatiohsi : had 'withitihny 'intelli gp,'t, and r~yelldlressed Mormons greatly re ducod my, prejudices againstethem, though nt against thoter'doctrines taughit. Opinions arc'ver''i dbiitrisiiofory 'about 'thei: A char pouter told me his wages.were 21 dollars a week of sixty, libu' ,from.whlibh .he could save after allexxenises 6ne- third; r Another told mo'"that an 'aore of 'bInd, now worth 1000 dollars, olose to President Young's private ihouse might have been purchased five years ago for fie dolliirs. Fine mercantile build irugs" are here running' up rapidly since the Gentiles havo given their 'determined atton tion, to, mining: interests. Water runs pormtinietly in the surface drains or crystal lbrooks don' oithoi' side of ill the principal troo shliaded:, streets'.r Smoking prevails, but drunkennoes is unknown. I called upon the miilsitir of 1th Episcopal Methodist church hore, " Ho told me tlhat holcsnow I was in tihe city from the visitors' aLddrOess-book iat tl;o hotel, alwayu'being asoolseiblo to any onu who may look over it, iwhicth oas be done with impunity without thie cantigationi of " busybodly." Ilo regretted my isnability to attend their M?tlhodist sociable, st freeoo andul onay moiting of talki,,g, silging, roeitations, and insltrllmonltltl inllsio us;od no is mnoessli of iutrodusiusg atrlsngores to their recognitionss antsd ntat l lshlps. A not of thie "siucconsful mtercrhanrt," a lir. ]gtldigett jrunior, sied slso latoly visitoeld lalt lsako, and called upon isims. IUoro rie hot spl'ings ait a toeupOeraturo nllliceiently high to boil sgg:s. Mr'. Wells, a l\Mormonr, io the smayor, asld coulmands great woelth anid generaIl contlonidne, I wass told. On Lsaying gooId-by, at lily recousst, my frientd, the soRev. Mr. Otratteon, of 2000 dollar stipend, lhanided no hIis photograph, and both re gretted tlt briviiy of our intorview. le0 spolko well of tile ]ov. ,Mr. Wisoman. Tihe dofoeated IIorno Greeooley dead, and Reov. Mr. Spurgoon dangorously ill, formed a tologram to ihand sts our party stopped into the trsain for 8lan Frsancisco. Sunday, Doo, I lt.--\Vo dinoe at IlBattle Mlountains statios, .150t fbot'asbovo lovsl of the sro, Ilsowintg wo hlave ,oonl rrunnritg sdownhill. Todaly the onghio-drivwr halt to Ipull up fir sthe lilutuar l csrtvonsioscsas of' two Illl n oSil the fin tloloss t line ju' tt ahiastd of It0 or rink the I tll c:osels tolllo of lif', or listub, arl oti the provioeut dsty asltotsgsst solloe coOwS in the wty one \v5511 kilhd. This part ie die tiirguishsd by mitss's and thtrough a rssosust tainonis eountry. Ioro I lfbunld a follow paossenger booked for Now Zeoalanld--a re turning student, who s1poko well of the 'steamer we are to sail by from 8an Fran cisco on Wedinesday, the 4th instant. A re porter has just collected our names and ad dresses to telegraph to the press both east and west.' I asked him to prefix to the word "Australia," "Goulburn." Refused. My gun was here seized (a present for my boy). To secure its careful custody half a dollar in coin was paid, and placed then in the baggage-car. I demanded and saw printed authority for this novel action. - We took supper at Summit station, 7017 feet above level of the sea-our highest position. " Here is life, health, and vigour on every hand," says Crofutt's Guide. Dec. 2nd, Monday; ten a.m., Cape Horn. \--The scenery at this spot. is calculated to startle the timid as the train slowly turns a sharp curve and passengers looking' down a dizzy precipice. Our peace has been a little disturbed from a report that three pas sengers' pockets had been picked, one losing paper-dollars and cents not.a few, the others tickets, equal to money, as tickets are bought and sold by doubtful agents nearly all the way. We thought the railway con ductors between Ogden and San Francisco less formal in speech than at other sections of our long route; ultra-politeness did not seem to reign with them. Took up some missionaries and their wives for China and Spain; but one was for calling upon his aged father, a. missionary also at the Friendly Islands. A Rev. Mr. Johnson, a. sort of home itinerant missionary, is also a passenger for a few hundred miles with us. San Francisco publishes an Overland Monthly, a Scientific Press, and a Pacific Rural Press, copies' of which I intend to forward to the Mechanics' Institute, Goul burn, to give a wrinkle from other lights. Dec, 3rd.-Thank God we arrived in San Francisco 'without loss of life and only loss of property of a cheap purse containing.but thirty cents I We now board at Lick House, an hotel of great attractions and nearly equal to the Fifth Avenue Hotel, New York. Nature has lavished her bounties here excessively, indeed too much for the weakness of human nature. I heard Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goulburn, onoe preach against the wasteful habits of Australians ; but should he ever take pulpit duty here, his delicate sense of waste would be more painful to him. Those who can husband their resources are here very pros porous, such as the Presbyterians, who have very large churches and influential congre gations. But it is not an improving place for prodigal sons. Woodward's Gardens command the attention of pleasure-seekers. Last Sunday many thousands there wit nessed circus and concert ontertaiments on a very large scale. To-day I saw there a cow with five legs (the fifth on her back), a horse with two distinct tails, a cook with a horn between two and three inches long growing on the head, photographs of spiritual ladies and gentlemen with their attendant spirits or ghosts present. Here dollars and conts inpaper, greenbacks also; English sove reigns have to bochliianged by money-brokers for Californian currency. Wooden:houses are erected here in :grand. style; done but the closeeobserver'would iimagine that they were really wood. The markets of fruit and vegetables; the iron foundries and machine shops, the cheap lodging'idnd eating houses,' water raised. by.riiumerois' wini?mills, form subject's of:romarli.bleo initerest.: The State Agricultural 'S8oiety holds' largely-attended fairs every September. The mechanics' in stitute' 'holds also annual fairs. ' Of the wholo'year, they say two hundred are clear, eighty-five cloudy, .and sixty rainy days. At Christmas the grass is green, in' January carpeted', with' flowers, 'in May the fields nearly ripe with grain. Their machinery cuts,.loads, threshes, winnows, and bags the wheat by steam and horse-power combined all at one and the same time. The farmers all along the railway line (with exceptions), from the Atlantio to the Pacific Ocean, com plain, like the Goulburn Railway League of 1871, that the freight charges are unreason ably high. San Francisco, like Sydney, has about 150,000 population, and worship, when they attend, in forty- six respectable churches, the finest being a Jewish synagoguoe. We sail for Honolulu on the 5th instant; but Mr; 'Raymond, 414, Market-street, the authorised agent,, told me he would not wait over more. than the one day'for the mail from England, due on the 4th. We hope our mail s.s. Dakota from here to Auckland will behave bettor than the Atrato from Plymouth. ' At this office one of the clerke knew Goulburn and Bathurst, and politely handed me a copy of the S. M. Herald of the last date, 'October 25th. And" now, as the, mail-bags 'may roach their destination before the paseent. gore, though Ipray God we may all safely arrive, I poest this for the present. Doo. 4th, 1872,7 a.m;' . 21be bo coitincedlJ 