HOLIDAYS. (Irom the Saturday leview,) Tnm'R is a certain trite old story, whioh is indeed so trite that we are half ashamed to allude to it about a king and a philosopher. It should be esteemed as groat an offence in literature to bring up worn-out anoodotes as in society to wear worn-out olothoes. The German who evolves things out of his con soiousneoss, the notorious Now Zo3lander, and the Indian who asked what the tortoise stood upon, should be abolished by Act of parlia. mont. We will therefore indicate the anecdote in question only in a circuitous manner, by saying that it is intended to illustrate the folly by not taking a holiday at once, instead of wasting your life in qualify. ing yourself for a holiday. Englishmon are apt to complain, or rather to boast, under the form of complaint, that they are incapable of taking this pieooo of advice. They labour from youth to old ago without once fairly getting out of the traces, and asking themselves plainly whether their life is, on the whole, worth loading. Would it be really bettor if they did Most people would of course reply, when the question is stated in this way, that it certainly would be better. They would point to the innumor able oeases of men who are killing themselves by inches in the effort to rise one stop in the ladder when they are already perfectly comfortable. Thousands of peoplomight be enjoying reasonable lives, with opportunities for self-culture, for social onjoyment, and for charitable effort, whose whole energy is absorbed in the desperate struggle to add superfluities to comforts, They are well; they would be better; and they get asofton ing of the brain, That is the history of many wasted lives. Things might be changed if only people would systematically stop aside from themselves at stated intervals and make a careful valuation of their existence. Probably most men can recall certain moments at which such a new light has flashed upon them. They have felt a shook such as comes aoross us when we acoidontly catch sight of ourselves in an unexpeooted mirror, and, mistaking our own imago for somebody else, exclaim frankly, "what an ill-looking follow that is I" The mirror may be formed out of a benevolent retrospect, or it may be constructed out of our own imaginations, Hormites who retired to the deserts in old days were haunted by strange phantoms, and probably the strangest and most instructive of apparitions were their own doubles. It is worth while, so it is suggested, that we should periodically retire to suoh deserts as lie within a day's journey from Oharing-.oross to have a ohance of a similar vision. Sitting in solitude, apart from the noise of carriages and the gossip of clubs or newspapers, we shall perhaps catch eight of a familiar and yet a startling figure. We shall, it may be, see a worldly sophistictoed figure, deformed by unhealthy toil, in an uncongenial atmosphere, cramped by the artificial dress which has become a kind of second skin, and shall be shoucked to diocover that the ugly object is nothing but a faithful copy of ourselves. The patriotic minister will be revealed to himself as the timeo-serving demagogue, the eloquent preacher as a more mass of unctuous seoti montalism; and half the world would discover that in one way or other it was dropping the substance in pursuit of the shadow. Would not such revelations contain some highly useful, though very bitter lessons ? and should we not all come back wiser and better men from our temporary retreat ? Holidays so employed would speedily raise the tone of society, and disperse half the shams by which others besides Mr. Ourlylo are offended. There is undoubtedly much truth in such a theory. It would probably be a very good regulation if every prime minister, for example, were condemned after a certain tenure of officeo to pass a proportional time in Pentonvillo Penitentiary. Loft there to himself with nothing but broead and water, with all distracttng books, such as Homer or treatisesof controversial theology, carefully put out of his way, he might doubtless issue from his confinoment a wiser and a sadder man. A little communing with thie eternal silncoos would teach him some lessons differing from those which are generally enforcod by the "hear, hear," of the House of Counmons. And it may be added that our present system of keeping holidays is very little calculated to promote such fruitful meditations. Nine men out of ton at the present day complain of being over-worked; a complaint to which it is well to listen in most cases with a sceptical ear. Overwork is generally a polite synonym for being bored. A man is weary, not from oxooessive application, but from want of interest in his work. A holiday, therefore, means an opportunity for distraction, or in other words for discharging the pent-up onorgisos which have been accumulating during the time of olaborato idleness, misocalled labour. The more activeominded, seize the occasion for riding some favourite hlobby with now zeal; and oven the more frivolous sooeek for the excitoment derivable from sight-seeing or crowds. A large number of persons, it is credibly supposed, will spend their holiday this summer in walking the treadmill of a universal exhibition in a capital city. Holi. days spent in this fashion are certainly not likely to bring with them any deeper insight into the conditions of our own existence. Rthor the case is likely to be inverted, and ursiness hours are likely to be spent in roeloeting on the extreme absurdity of our leisure occupations. Were men really in suroch of the oalminginfluonces of a holiday, thoy would make their retreat elsewhere. They would scatter as widely as possible, instead of hording together in migratory droves. They would seriously study the neglooted art of doing nothing. Persons who fo?l this occentria desire for solitudo may easily gratify their propensities. The best of all retreats is of course to be found in Lntdon. A Sunday wallk in the city pro luoes a sense of utter retirement far more than the wildest moor; and there is no better ilace for calm noditation than the deserted mnoking.room of a club in the dead season. The labsenooe of the ordinary life in such plaeoos becomes a positive instead of a merely negative element. You fool yourself to be lot merely alone but deserted, and con seqsuently are not only at liberty to moralize if you please, but are compelled to moralize vhether you like it or not. If a member of parliament could secure the key of the house of Oommons and look upon the empty benches from the Speaker's chair for a couple of hours daily during the recess, he would be qualified at the end of it to preach a moving course of sermons on the everlasting text, vanity of vanities. The old ghosts of dead politicians would sit with him, not as they appear when invoked by some orator appealing to the glories of the light. Patients are sent to breathe air of pine woods or of mountain heather; why should not those who are suffering from the moral diseases engendered by too much intercourse with the world try the effect of the strange aroma vhich lingers in places consecrated by old associations? Thei advantages, whatever they may be, produced by temporary retirement from our ordinary solves are indeed counterbalanced by very considerablo evils. Fow people are really qualified to turn such opportunities to good account. Repentance is an oxcellent thing when it loads to action, but if it moans a simple disposition to kick against the inevitable, it is a very questionable frame of mind. When a man is ones fixed in a groovo, the best thing that he can do, if ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, is to stay in it. Why, then, should he oultivate fanoioe whioh are only likely to make him diecon tented ? 