MISCELLANY. The Hunting Season.—Leap-year. How to Make a Clean Sweep.—Wash him. A bow should always be bent—particularly an el-bow. , H*onet-bees are winged merchants. They cell their honey. The Acrobats op evebt Household.—The pitcher and tumbler. Difficult Punctuation.—Putting & stop to a gossip's tongue. Barley goes up as beer goes down, and a man who ales is called malt-treated. Tall.—" Sweet letters in the angel tongue." Hub is the way a rhymester talks about flowers. Stbange, but Tbue—1873 will contain only forty-six weeks, for the other six will be Lent. Style is Everything.—A Chicago reporter announces (hat " the receipt of another ship-load 'at blackberries from St. Joe yesterday created a percep tible ripple in the toothpick trade." Wrong Again.—"What is that, children f' asked a school-board member, exhibiting a magic lantern picture of a poor sinner dinging to the cross towering out of stormy waves in mid-ocean.—n Ro binson Crusoe r was the Instant reply. Mind and Matter. —Augustus (poetical): "Look, Edith! How lovely are tboae fleecy cloudlets dannled over the—.** Edith (prosaic) : " Yes. i 'Xactly like gravy when it's getting odd. Isn't it V —Punch. A country newspaper, recording the run ning down of a cow on the railway, said it was "cut into calves." An astonished naturalist waited on the editor for what the auctioneers call "further infor mation," and received it in the following form: * Erratum—for calves read halves." T&fc; Officer of the Day Only.—A Kii komy eentry chailenged an intruder on the Irish en campment during the recent autumn mameuvresi— "Who are your* said Bat. " I'm the officer of the day J* was the reply. "Then, bythe powers, what art ytmdoingben at night at all,at alir immediately Dihty.—A Scotchman observing that the onoe white linen of one of his men had, through long absence of soap and water, become a hazy black, in quired, as a prelude to a homily on cleanliness, bow often Ms shirt was washed. "Onoe a month," was ' the reply. " Why, I require' two ehirts a week." "Two sarks in a week!" ejaculated Robbie; "ye maun be a dirty varmin r Bbanes, by Josh Billings.—How enny, boddy knows that the branes do the thinking, mr are the interpreters ov thought, is more than 1 kirn tell; and for what I kno, this theory maybe one ov those remarkable disoovercysov man whim aint so. Theee subjeks are tew mutch far a mm ov mi learning tew lift.—His critic eaya, "Try your capacity, Josh, at a quarter of an ounce weight, or begin first with half toe quantity." Conditional Praise.—An enterprisingsoap. maker of New York daubed the rockB all the way up theHndsan with the appeal,"Use Smith's Soapy" whereupon his rival, the tftll more enterprising Jones, after much cogitation, etarted Ms whits-washer up the river to append to each of Mr. Smith's appeals, • " U ydu can't get JoneSb." It is said that the characteristic of the umbrella is its power cf changf ng ehapee. You may leave a brand-new silk one with an ivory qr pimento handle at any public gathering, and within three hours it will transform itself into I' hrownt tent, wv— fractured ribs. Mcddlkby Junction.—Overworked points man (minded): " Let's seel -There's the *scursion' were due at t-46. and it alnt in: then, afore that, were the'mineral'—No? that must ha' been the' goods *— or the' cattle.' No! that were after—cattle's shunting now. Let's seel East train Same through at—— iGottfound]—and hoe somes 'the express' afore itstlme,aad Meet if I know which line ehe'Sonf— sit will transform itself into light blue or faded m cotton, somewhat less in use than a circus , with a handle like a telegraph pole and five Pilial Piety aBd Business.—The follow ing Is eaid to be an au then tic copy of -a circular issued by a commercial firm tn Bombay tr-r" Gentlemen,—We Avethepjiesuretqinform youqurM^ectfuifather _ burmqpectfuM llteonthe-insLHistolnemwUlbe ,uedbyMsb<dovedSons,whoeetuuneSanstated below.The opium miurketisquiet, and Halwal^iOOre. percheet. 'O grave whwe li thy stlngf Odoith UherefathygraveT Woare,yow»ttuly,-—." Thebe la a youngmsn who iB skid to have: lost monev twheWmr—oh snlders.9 He' wamnd that' aeplder width lie woUM Urodttoe wouM> cross a plate quicker than.a SpMer to he ptod«loed_by a friend. ; Ea?h spider was to have its ownphta- Blsoppooenfa spider, however, on beingstarted, would not stir,, whilst its rind ran with immense Speed. Thibet was consequently lost, and the loeer soon found out the season. Hlsfriend had a hot plate. The Boby Bobi Allk.—An Illinois editor, i mi article tp" •» — we lean overt Lnsn artlcleupontlie auroraborealis, says" Here permveryvetgeofiheln&ilte;, lmiglng to grasp Its ttystoriee—loet in the prolundltieeT Hnvious to rids his friends intended -to teMmtorOoi>|tetouponri»stBtoncrspoettehgt;but now the pro)oot h»f fawn tdundowd, boosuectber eav nJdieqftlM idght unfit him for the dutite^$ood3rinpl^ rican paper. - £"■ ■" • - - - -> ' ^ . Wasp-taming Extraordinary.—What Sir John Lubbock hag to be answerable for, if oil) ^»id| as a body fake to this intefiesting'jtudy, j^jApifp be more readily conceived than felt A correspondent writesEncouraged by the success of Sir John Lubbock with tbe solitary wasp of the l^freneet three sister spinsters, residing under the shadow of a famous cathedral, have been endeavouring to tame a few of tbe British species. The result is unsatisfactory. One of the Sisters has a large patch of powdor-blueover th$. left eye, another has her right arm In & sling, and the third, the doctor thinks, will be able to drive out hi * week. The waspe were liberated. Goethe's "Fadst."—It is somewhat strange that" Faust" shares with the " Iliad" and the Bible the ill fate of being a work which all men think they can translate, for the difficulties are extremely obvious to every one who reads the tragedy through. We suspect the truth ia that most men who know any German have tried their 'prentice hand on one of the better known and simpler, we do not my easier, bits, such as Oretchen'a song, and encouraged by the fact that they could understand it, and render it into rhyme of some sort, have been led on, till the great poem had them in its spell, and. in spite of failure, hi spite of ignorance, in spite of the lack of all poetic power, they could never again let it alone.—Corn bill Magazine. Horrible Narrative.—A tale of incredible horror comes to us from Illinois. It is well for the journalistic mind that it is not often called upon to describe an event of such inky and unmitigated gloom. The time was August, the tides were fair, when, seated in a railway car, a bright, blooming, bashful, and beautiful young bridal 'pair went forth from Peoria on the first stage of that journey which ends, it may be, in the grave, or haply in Chicago. The hus band of an hour was all pride and tendernem: the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the stew train moved from tbe station, the fair young bring incau tiously put her head out of the window, perchance to scent the morning breeze, like Hamlet's father's ghost, perchanoe to wave a last farewell to the .weeping friends of her girlhood. Too, too fatal moment I - A telegraph pole did not decapitate her—no, ah no ! That were joy compared to .. Hastily bringing. her head within the car. she buried an agonised face in her hands. The terrified bridegroom is said to have instantly expressed himself, .with great presence of mind, in this touching ana memorable language:— "What was it, darling? What frightened It, dear! Tell its own hubby 1 What makes it ray f What, indeed, O vicious Fate 1 She bad dropped a lovely and expensive set of teeth out of the'tnndow. She never smiled again—until she had seen a dentist— New York Tribune. New York Arabs.—The street boys, as is well known, are exceedingly sharp and keen, and being accustomed to theatrical performances, are easily touched by real oratory, and Dy dramatic instruction ; but they are also restless, soon tired of long exhorta tions, and somewhat given to chpff. The early days of those " Boys' Meetings" were stormy. Sometimes tbe salutatory exercises from the street were tiiowers of stones; sometimes a general scrimmage occurred over the benches; again, the visitors or missionaries were pelted by some opposition gang, or bitter enemies of the lads who attended the meeting. The exercises, too, must be conducted with much tact, or they broke up with a lough or in a row. The platform of tbe Boys' Meeting seemed to become a kind of chemical test to the gaseous element in the brethren's brains. One pungent criticism we remember—on a pious and somewhat sentimental Sunday-school bro ther, who, in one of our meetings, had been putting forth vague and declamatory religious exhor tation—in the words "Gas! gas!" whispered with infinite contempt from one hard-faced young disciple to another. Unhappy, too, was the experience of any more daring missionary who ventured to question these youthful inquirers. Thus, " In this parable, my dear boys, of the Pharisee and the publican, what is meant by the ' publican f" " Alderman, sir, wot keeps a pot-house !" " INmocrat, sir!" " Black Republican,sir!" Or, "My boys, what is the great end of man? When is he happiest? How would you feel happiest?" "When we'd plenty of hard cash, sir?' Or, " My dear boys, when your father and your mother forsake you, who will take you up f " Tbe puriice, sir (very eeriously), the puriicc!" They some times took their own quiet revenge among themselves,. " in imitating the Sunday-school addresses delivered to them.—"The Dangerous Classes of New York,"by Charles Loring Brace. A Fijian as he is.—A Fiji resident gives tire following description of the average FijianHave the susceptible maiden ladies and gold-spectacled old gentlemen of Exeter-hall, whose gushing sympathies condemn so many of Britain'^ " curled darlings" to inglorious warfare in our seas, where their advent is attended with periodical eruptions of gilt buttons and a healthy impulse to the millinery business and religious duties among the ladies, ever tried to realise what our black brother's normal condition is ? Take a full- flavoured Fijian. He smells of Araby the noblest •r some other unsaleable perfume; has no filial in stinct unless he happens to get paid for work in advance, when he finds . himBelf impelled to go and visit his Side, mother; listens to a moral discourse with the smug sanctity of a convict trying the " converted lay f considers a saint In sulu Is twice p saint in shirt, and regenerates himself acoordingiy off the nearest clothes line. He opines that whiteiqen were created to relieve him of the curee imposed on Adam. He was invented for the benefit of Darwin and Buckle. In eating, a boa contrictor becomes a rank impostor by comparison, and be -steeps In proportion; his intellectual recreations are, catching fleas sad. pelting floating battfes ; fcis forehead is retreating —so are his lege in war, when his policy js — masterly inaction" ana annexing pigs and fowls on the line Of march. .He will steal Epsom salts sooner than let hie talents rust.; to Government money he Bays " stea f carries''a knife with which be eate and scratches him self alternately; never reads " Huxley on Protoplasm," but be sometimes has a knowledge of poker; gives unsolicited ooucerts at most unseasonable hours. His am is as complex as that of a decayed Irish eman: and he >e usually related to one of the first lesofBau. He lubricates himself until he shines like a newly-polished office stove, and then loves to strike off oopies of himself on wall papering and newly printed surfaces. He rooets under verandahs, when he holds caucus meeting to arrange the yam and fowl tariff; carries out the early-closing system in its integrity; usually drinks water; what "sa mate.** gin; and his health is always precarious. He can lie stupendously, gives no credit, and his 88 articles are— malua. At clearing a hea-toost IT back him Wainst any champion. like the lilies of the field he toils not, neither does he spin, but there the resemblance ends; he fa a Communist socially, a paradox politically, and a cuss generally. I dismiss him. Thiers and Eamartine.—One day, a few months before tbe Revolution of1890, s friend of mine, M. Augusta Bernard, who had just returned from the Antilles with a large fortune, said to me, "I want to bring together the two men upon wjiom in aB the world I have founded the greatest tape yourself and M. Thiers. He writes in the 'National.' and you serve the Bourbon cause; butwe wohttaka a tablecloth for a flag, and we will leave politics tinder the table." ■ I had a sneaking kindness for M. Thiers as one of titer most sympathetic men in the teemy's camp, and I aooepted the invitation. We all three dinedat Vdryta. in the Palais Royal, which was then oonridved a neutral restaurant I saw a vmy. small man critic singular strength in bis proportions, full of Ute tm& energy, standing on his tags self evw readyfarketiM^ . llni Iiiiiil enil mil ii ill iiiiirinil till Yiniliiinil n ij.»i<itelHta of every variety of intellectual facility,ooft mu compressed lips, short har" *--* - ^ carrying the heart upon it have appealed ugly. Bat physiognomy that inteUectut nw spy.features, and brings out the mind from the most ungrateful 'body; is often the case with Botiihetti too gnat .oonscioufflwee of his power. •" is a Northern virtue, and -fount of education. He spoke 'first' and listened way little to i ~ a rigour, an aeourmcfy, and. an.-., which fully excusedthe voluMfityl easy to aee that be had leeheaffrl listened tp by his friends. - suoslve, was simple abd t taridwewouldiiottalkpi them, and .without anger wliilffo, ha 1 the- Renontion.'' I HM ' enough in him to blow npad what struck me jnortt'ni^intidjL^.^^ ne had for hia own - partyTTbatls a: generally coomb precocious mind r mittedhto, 