ADDRESS. ON CONFIRMATION. By Charles Perry, D.D., Bisnor op Melbourne. Before administering the ordinance of confirmation, I would address a few words to those who are about to receive it. You, my young friends, have attained tbat period of life when, although you have ceased to be boys and girls, you can scarcely be regarded as grown-up men and women ; it is a transition state, when you are just beginning to exercise a free personal responsibility. Most of you, if you have | not already left, .will shortly leave your homes, and enter 1 upon the business of life. You, young men, will go forth 1 to your various employments in the world ; and you, young 1 women, will probably have your own houses and families to I take care of. This, then, is the epoch of your life at which. 1 your characters may be expected t'o assume a permanent 1 form. They may, indeed, become greatly modified, or even totally changed hereafter-; but, speaking generally, they will be fixed for good or for evil during the next few years. If you have been brought up in the nurture of the Lord, you have hitherto been in a great measure protected from, or by parental instruction and admonition assisted to withstand the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the devil; but now you must expect to experience these in all their manifold forms, and in all their strength, and you must not trust in the help of man for enabling you to resist them. In the good providence of God you may, from, time to time, receive counsel and j support from Christian ministers and Christian friends, but you must not depend upon any such human aid ; you must fight the good fight of faith, and gain for yourselves the victory; not, indeed, in your own strength, nor with arms of your own fashioning, but in the sti-ength of the Loi'd, and with the panoply, the whole armour of God. At this epoch, then, it behoves you to have formed, each one for himself or herself, a fixed detei'mination to serve the Lord. By your baptismal promise you have 'renounced the devil and all his works,' and yo\i have declared that you will 'keep- God's holy will and commandments.' But, for asmuch as the promise was made for you by others in your infancy, when you were incapable of understanding its nature, the church now wisely requires of you that you should ratify and renew it in your own persons ; and for this purpose she makes use of the order of confirmation, or laying on of hands ; an order which has been derived from the practice of the apostles, and handed down, as We believe, without any interruption from their age to our own. Thus, in presenting yourselves to be confirmed, yoti express your desire to declare publicly your acceptance of your baptismal covenant, and to bind yourselves anew to the fulfilment of all the conditions of that covenant ; and very glad am I that God has disposed your hearts to choose His service, which is true freedom, rather than those pleasures of sin whereby the devil keeps men in bondage until he effects their eternal perdition. In the nature of the covenant which you are going to renew I may assume that your minister has fully instructed you, and I shall, therefox-e, say nothing respecting it, but spend . the few minutes at my disposal in giving you such practical counsel as may, I hope, by God's blessing, strengthen you for your future spiritual conflict, and help you to win that crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give to all His faithful servants at His coming and kingdom. First of all, then, ever hold fast the confidence which now, by coming forward to be confirmed, you express that you have been regenerated, born again of the Holy G-host, and so made the children of God by adoption. Accustom yourselves always to think of God, according to our beloved Lord's description of Him, as your Father who' is in heaven. Believe that God regards you with a father's, and regard ? }? God with a child's, affection. Thus, the obedience which. ;: you render unto God will be, not the forced service of a slave to a task-master, nor the selfish service of a hireling to his employer, but the willing service of a son or daughter to a loving Father. ...-?..-.?.. ........ ..i: Secondly, bear in mind that, as you will always carry - about with you the corrupt nature in which you were born, and will live in the midst of a wicked world, and be exposed to the wiles and assaults of the devil, you will always, at all times and in all places, until you shall have finished your earthly warfare, and enter into the rest that remaineth for the people of God, haye to endure temptations — temptations to indulge the sinful lusts of the flesh, temptations to become estranged from God by the attractions of the world, and temptations to do (it may be almost unconsciously) the works of the devil. The character and force of these temptations will depend partly upon your sex, for the temptations of men differ in many respects from those of women; partly upon your age, for there are some temptations peculiar to youth, and others which commence and increase as we advance in years; partly upon your condition in the world, for the rich and poor have each their own; partly upon your natural tem pers and dispositions, your domestic relations, and various providential circumstances. But of whatever sex, of what ever age, of whatever condition in the world, of whatever natural temper and disposition, in whatever domestic cir cumstances, you all will, throughout this present life, be subject to such as in your own strength you will be unable to withstand. Remember, therefore, further, that only by the grace of God, procured for its by our Lord Jesus Christ, even the same grace whereby you have been brought into a s+.n.f.A nf S9.lvot.inti non -nrvn V-p- Vprvh in +,Tin.+. stn.+lfi Onlv Kv this grace can you & void falling into sin, and be enabled to render unto God true and faithful service. Without it you can do no good thing; with it you can do all things. Hence, and this is my last injunction to you, seek dili gently the grace of God in the use of all the means which He himself has pi'ovided for its communication. The chief of these are prayer, the reading and hearing of. the Scriptures, the observance of the Sabbath-day, and the partaking of the Lord's Supper. Day by day, therefore, every morning and every evening, kneel down upon your knees before God, and ask of Him, for the sake of His Son Jesus Christ, whatever you feel you want, tvhetker for yowr bodies or for your souk, and whether for yourselves or for others. Forms, of prayer will be, in general, a help to you; but in using forms you must take care that the words express the actual desires and feelings of your hearts at the time of littering them, otherwise you will be taking the name of God in vain. And you should not confine yourselves to forms, for there is much that every child of God wants from his heavenly Father, which he will not find in any . form, and which he must therefore ask for in his own words. Accustom yourself, likewise, to keep God always in remembrance, by lifting up your hearts to Him during the day, whenever you may have occasion, in ejaculating supplication or thanks giving. At some convenient part, also, of every day, perhaps the. best will be just before your morning and evening prayer, read a portion of the Bible, and ask of God that the Holy Spirit may enable you to understand and profit by what you read. Do not read the Bible as a task, but for the purpose of learning what God has revealed in it for your instruction, and deriving from it those motives of obedience to God, and that encouragement and support in your spiritual warfare, which' it was designed to impart. Let the Sabbath-day be esteemed. by you, the holy of the Lord, honourable, and honour God upon it, not doing your own work, nor finding your own pleasure. Never on that day, if the opportunity be offered you, neglect to join the congregation of worshippers in the house of God, and to receive the Holy Communion. Do not suffer the devil by any subtle devices to rob you of its precious rest, or of the benefit of those ordinances which God in His great goodness provides for you.. Employ the Sabbath for the purpose for which God has appointed it; and it shall be to you a delight. Profane it, and you will, gradually perhaps, but surely, lose your relish for divine things, and sink into a state of spiritual stupor, the end whereof will be eternal death. Concerning the sacrament of the Lord's supper, recollect that it. was ordered by Christ Himself for the perpetual remembrance of the sacrifice of His death ; and that, as the ' Israelites of old ate of the flesh of their sacrifices, so do we, in partaking of it with faith, feed in our hearts upon Christ our sacrifice, whose body and blood are rejiresented by ? not present in, but represented by — the bread and wine, which we therein eat and drink. In receiving. this sacrament with a true penitent heart and lively faith we are assured of our union with Christ, that we dwell in, Christ and Christ in us, that we are one with Christ and Christ with us. Let no one, therefore, who has a good hope in God's mercy through Christ, turn' .away from the Lord's supper. Let no one who believes in :God's love to him think himself unworthv to be a. communicant. At the Lord's table is provided a feast*, of good things for all, the members of God's family, for the weak as, well, as the strong, for the sickly as well as such ;as are in health. Do not, therefore, any of you, my young friends, fancy that this ordinance was not intended for you, but from this day forth, when you have the opportunity, : partake- of it in faith, expecting to receive therewith spiritual food for the strengthening and refreshing , of your souls. Beware of partaking of it unworthily, in hypocrisy or for mality, carelessly or irreverently, without repentance, faith, and love ; for in that case it would certainly profit you nothing. . You would be doing a dishonour to the Lord, for which He would not hold you guiltless. But, on the. other hand, beware of not partaking of it at all, for thereby, you would transgress a plain commandment of your Divine Master, and virtually renounce your Christian profession. Take heed therefore that you be not guilty of either sin,, the, sin of communicating unworthily, or the sin of -not- comnvu-. nicating at all. j j And now, my dear young friends, having briefly noticed these few things, which I especially desire you to 'keep- always in remembrance, your relation to God as His children by faith in Christ Jesus, your continual exposure to the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the devil, your depen dence upon the grace of God for power to withstand these temptations, and the necessity for daily prayer, the daily ? reading of the Scriptures, the observance of the Sabbath-day, and the regular partaking of the Lord's supper, for obtaining that grace, I would commend you- to Him who is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of His glory with exceeding joy.' May He, even the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, preserve you all, by His almighty power through faith unto salvation. 