THE BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual district meeting of the Bible Christians began in Young-street Chapel, Ade- <*> laide, on Wednesday, February 26. The devo- <*> tional services were conducted by the Chairman. the Bey. 3. Aahton. The minuter and repre sentatives from the various stations congratu late! each other as laborers together in the vineyard of Christ. On taking his seat the Chairman delivered a abort but suitable address. The Bey. W. Richards was unanimously elected Secretary, the Bey*. T. Piper and C. Tresise Assistant Secretaries, and the Bey. J. Foster reporter to the Press. Two young men—Walter Long and John A. Burns—recommended by their respective quar terly meetings, offered themselves for the work of the ministry; and after answering the usual questions oa their conversion, Chris tian experience, aad call, also being otherwise examined, they were oordislly received as pro bationers. The presence of the Key. Biohard Kelley— reoently from England—was recognised with a large amount of satisfaction and pleasure, and a resolution welcoming him to this new field of labor was heartily aad unanimously passed. The fact that God, in His providence, had taken by death the Bey. Mr. Bandt, a young man of considerable promise, was xeoorded. It was felt that ho had left the Church Militant and gone to the Church Triumphant. He has finished bis work oa earth, and is gone to bis reward in Heaven. Aad while hi* departure was deeply felt, all ware disposed to say, " The will of the Lord be done." In the evening the Ohsirman preached the District Sermon, selecting for bis text Romans xv. 3—"For even Christ pleased net Himself." The discourse was replete with weighty and important tiuths well adapted for the oocssion. The character and work of the world's Re deemer, both in His divine and human nature, were dilated on ,with considerable ability, and the willingness, cheerfulness, and resignation with which He acoompliihed<Hi* mediatorial work forcibly described. Then the Saviour was presented as the Great Exemplar of the mini sters and members of His Church, and all present ware earnestly and affectionately urged to Bciimilate themselves to His character, to cultivate His spirit, to tread in His steps, and to follow Hun to Heaven. The Lord's Supper was (administered at the close of the public ' service, when a deep solemn feeling pervaded , the assembly. • Second Dax—Tkobsdat. Prayer was offered by the Bey. 3. Book. A resolution expressive of the loss sustained in the removal by death of an valuable a minister as Mr. B. O. Bandt was passed. The spiritual state of each station in the district was reported upon, and after a lengthy discussion on mission labor, and the trials and triumphs of Christian workers, the following resolution was psssed:—" That, in reviewing the labors of the past year, we see much for thankfulness to God. Our prosperity haa not been great, bat it has been sufficient to inspire us with hopefulness. We need a richer bap tism of the Holy Ghost oa ourselves aad on our Churches, aad we pray for greater prosperity in ] the future." The list of stations, as represented by the Committee, was mad for tbe first tins'. An interchange of deputations in the oolnnies was considered desirable, as preparing the way for a closer union, and ultimately far an ex change of ininlsters at tbe annual District Meetings. . . In the •vamag a aermen was preached by the Bey. O. Tresise, subject—"Belf- oonsecration to God." Text Roman* xii. 1. After remark ing that there are several stages or degrees in Christian experience, lium tbe beginning of spiritual life to the elevated position of perfect love,.be dwelt at length on the nature and I necessity of Sjelf-consecration to Ohrist.and His cause. Time, talent, health, strength, wealth, and Innnenoa, ia short, all thtpowsriofthtJ body, wind, end seal, he etfd, should be given to God, for the promotion of His glory and the benefit of humanity. This should be done, because belonging to God He has a perfect and indisputable right to do with man as He pleases. Paul gave himself as a sacrifice to God, and Christians now should do the same as ministers and mem bers of Christ's Church, This self-consecration might be difficult, but it must be done without hesitation and without reserve. _ The sacrifice must be a living one in contradistinction to the Jewish sacrifices under the Mosaic dispensation, which had to be killed before being offered. , It must also be holy and acceptable, presented < with motives pure and disinterested. He then spoke on the mercies of God as an argument to induce men to personal dedication, referring to the various manifestations of God's love, es pecially in the sublime work of redemption, as a sufficient reason why the hearers should sur render their all unreservedly to God. It was stated te be reasonable to do so, because it was God's will, in Christ Jesus, concerning man, and because it would promote present and eternal happiness. The service was concluded with singing and prayer. 