FAIT HER'S CONSENT. a story of love in a village. chapter t. what it. was wanted for. Sally Dalrymple was the toast of Muirburn. A smile. or a gracious look from Sally acted upon, the young mon of that place muchiu the same way that an extra half- pint would have done, and was Bure to be followed by sleepless sights, and, in some cases, alarming symptoms, such as crazy eruptions in the shape of " Lines to S. D." in the Jluirbum Chronicle , manifest- , ed themselves. There was a general adjusting of caps, smoothing down of stray locks, <fcc., at tho lazy corner when Sally hove in sight. Tho shoemaker's apprentice, whose mother had ex- pressed the opinion that he " leuk'd as weel again wi' his bannot tae the ao side," never dreamed that the maternal taste might not be that of anybody else, but set his cap accord- ingly, much to the prejudice of his head, as well as that of a large carbuncle whioh flourish ed thereon. The grocer's youDg man, who was considered "a weel-faur'd chiel," was ..always careful te arrange his nether garments ao that they might not appear to-be wanting in longitude, and so overlooked the fact that his " dickie " had got crumpled up under his chin, leaving his veteran shirt exposed to the irreverent gaze of all comers. In fact, a group of Boldiers on the sudden appearance of their commander-in-chief could not have been in a greater flutter of anxiety to look smart than were these lonngers when Sally was about to pass. Every one had 6ome finishing touch to give his toilet or some imposing attitude to assume. Sally, however, though not ignorant of tho commotion she caused, nor altogether indiffer ent to the attention paid to her, was always taken up with some imaginary object of interest on the opposite side of the street, and so passed on her way in all apparent unconsciousness of of being the centre of attraction. The bonuty of this bewitching maiden, though not of that description which would have wrought con quests at a Court, was, nevertheless, -such a3 might have inspired the music of more im mortal bards than those who endeavoured to Bing her charms in the Chronicle. Sally, though aware that Bhe possessed a little extra share of good looks, unlike the generality o.f her sex so favoured, had not allowed herself to become haughty or ostentatious, at least to such a degree as might have been expected, . considering the number of her admirers, and tin's no doubt se>ved to mnke her all the more interesting, as it is universally allowed that when boauty "gives itself airs" it loses its attraction. Sally's father was the occupant of a small farm at the extreme east end of Muirbnrn, and ' was considered in the district a man of some position. He had lost his wife when our heroine was born to him, and beiug the only child, and her mother's " pented pictur'," Sally had become as the apple of her father's eye, and had always been accnstomed to pretty much her own way. Old Dalrymple, however, had a temper of his own, and when that was aroused, although his daughter rarely came in for more than the " tail of the shower," it was considered to be the best policy to allow him to cool down be fore any advances were made. Like all devoted papas, he was in constant terror that his daughter would " throw herself away," while at the same time he longed to Bee her married, " in case," as ho would some times observe to his confidential friends, "oi.y- thing micht come ower me." Sally, although he was not aware, was in a pretty fair way of becoming the bride of a most eligible young man. Tarn Henderson, the son of a small master bnilder, had long since effectively stormed her heart, and at the time of which we are writing had just, as he laughingly termed it, "stated the case to the jury," and the said jury, to carry out Tarn's figure, had giveD its verdict on the spot. Sally had con sented to become Tarn's wife should her father approve of the match. "An' if he doesna' approve ?" asked Tom, " 0 ! weel, we'll see," she replied. " Ah ! but there maun be nae sees aboot it ; we'll need tae ken what tae dao if he says its no tae be," urged Turn. "An' what wad ye dae if ho says its no tae be ?" queried Sally. "We'll marry iu spito o' him of coorse," ho explained. " We'll elope !" "An' a fine crnck that wud b o ! We'd ne'er hear tho on 'ot," said Sally reprovingly. "An' what can we dao then ho asked. " I dinna ken." "If ye dinna ken, I dinna ken either. It's tho only thing wo can dnc," was Tom's reply. "Wait ti' wo see whether wo need tae ilno onything or no. — You an'yer clopiu'. Yo wr.d be a bonny man tao olopo wi' am t bin !: in ', ' said Sally archly. So they agreed to defer all arrangements lill Mr. Dalrymple had been made acquainti-d with tkoir engagement. Now, it may bo wondered, seeing we haw stated Turn to bo a suitable young man us a ' husband for Sally, how they entertained : ' fears of her father j-ofusir.g to consent to t'.u :: union. Their apprehensions, iu.v. i. v.. r, were not without cause, as will ho seen. Manv years : before this-DalryrapIo had employed. Corbie, as Tarn's father was commonly culled, to erect a stable for him, which, as falo would have it. only stood a few months whon it collnp.-ed, burying a valuable maro whioh chanced to ho the only occupant. Whether this catastrophe was to be attributed to inferior workmanship or the violence of the wind, or both, wo are un able to say, but certain it was that tho farmer considered it solely duo to the inefiiciunt manner in which the building had beou constructed. Nor did ho rest satisfied with coining to this conclusion within himself ; ho also tried to force tue conviction on others, which lnttor step resulted in a small debt cause — Herderson v. Dalrymple — concluding for twelve pounds sterling and expenses, in name of compensation for loss, injury, and damage to pursuer in con Bequenco of defender having in or near tho shop occupied by Andrew Bluestano, vintner, Muirbnrn, in presence nnd hearing of the said : Andrew Bluestane and of Jane or Jenn Sapples or Graith, washerwoman, in Muirburn, used tho terms, "a useless creatur'," "a bit dallyin' body," and "nae tredsman," or other words or terms of a like import with reference to pur- Buer; by all which he had sustained loss in his business, ' was injured in bis - feelings, and damaged in the eyes of his friends, Ac. The decision in this case was in favour of the defender, and, as wns natural, their'ani- mosity was increased tenfold. They were now sworn enemies, and it became a saying iu tho district that When Corkio and Dally thegither agree, \ Three Sundays a-week we may leuk tae sec. Such being the state of matters it was reasonable to suppose that some difficulty would be experienced in talking Dally over to a proper view of tho affair, and this, as tho custom is, had to be done by Sally. She felt considerable diffidence in bringing tho matter boforo hor father, and it was only after having allowed several favourable op portunities to slip — theso being her father's periodical fits of extra good humour — and with Tarn, clamouring for tho result, that she managed to screw her fortitude up to the re quired pitch. This was one day during dinuer. Her father had boon relating and laughing at the witty sayings of some of his friends, and appeared in tho best possible mood for listen ing to Sally's communication. He was just in the act of convoying a piece of roast to his mouth whon Sally's " Am gaun tae bo merrit," caused him to roturn it to his plate. " Yor gaun tao be merrit ! An' wha micht yo bo gaun tao bo merrit tae ? " he asked, gazing at her with astonishment. "Tommy Hen'erson," she replied. "Tommy Hon'ersou ! " ho said, with a sneer; "Weo Corkie's muckle saft eediot o' a son ? " Sully remained silent. "Is't him ye mean ? " he asked. "Ay ! it's Corkie's son," she said, glanoing towards him with a timorous look. " Weel that cows tho doevil ! Tarn Hen'er- son ! " he said, with the utmost contempt. "An' whan did Tarn Hen'erson seek ye tae be his wife ? " ho askod. "A guid while sin," was Sally's answer. "Au' d'ye mean tae say ye've been gaun wi' 'im an' never tel't mo ? " ho- asked, bis temper getting the better ol him. She hung hor bona and made no reply. " Weol, Sarah," he continued, calming down, " he's tho last sumph I thocht yo wud hoe taen up wi'. 'Am shuro yo ken boo his auld cheat- tho-wuddie o' a faither took mo in ? An' gin you dinna kon, a' ken, an' its ne'er bo said a was connect'it wi' them." "But Tommy ne'er did yo ony.horm, faither,'1 she expostulated. "But Tommy, gin ye maun hae't Tommy, is his faithor's sou, nu' a' hae nao doot oonld dae me as muckle harm as his faither, or il micht bo mair, gin ho had the chance ; bul that he'll no'er hao an' a' can help it," he said. "An' what am a' tao dae, faither?" she asked, in doubt. " What are ye tao dao ! Ye're tae dae naething ; an' gin Tam Hen'erson says ony mair aboot it, toll 'im ne'er tae dae't again,' was the reply. " But I've promised 'im, faither," Sally pu in. "Promised or no promised, the dny yi marry Tam Hen'erson you an' me's quits, siv there's an en' o' the matter," he rejoined, am resumed his dinner with as much composuri as he could call up. chatter ir. iiow it was obtained. Here, then, to all appearance, was an end of the matter. Sally Had scarcely looked for anything else than this, and still she had allowed hersolf to entortain tho idea that her father might not oppose the match. In spito of his aversion to Corkio, sho thought, from tho many ways in which ho had indulged hei', and as Tom was the man of hor choice, perhaps he would not object, or if he did object, she had hoped to bo able, somehow or other, to argue him into consenting. Anyhow, she was disappointed. Her father had re fused his consent, nnd sho would not marry without it. By doing so sho would forfeit his favour for ever ; and, however intense her regard for Tom might be, this was a sacrifice she could not find it in her heart to make, so she sought tho solitude of hor little bedroom and " cried ber eyes out." Dally endeavoured ;o banish tho subject from his mind, but was scarcely successful. The conviction that Tom would be likely to mako his daughter happy forced itself upon him, and gave him more concern than ho was willing to own to himself. He could not, at tho saino time, forget that Tom was Corkie's son, and tho thought of being related in this way, or in fact in any way whatever, with tho man of all other's ' whom ho hated, weighed against nil else, nnd he at length comfortc-d himself with the con clusion that whoever Sally might marry it would never do for her to marry Tom Hender son. Having made up his, mind to Ibis, and bring confident thai Sally would not disobey him, he after a ti've managed to dismiss the matter fvoiii Ids lb: ag'.its. Sally's soi'iov.l'u! look whon the lovers next mot at once intimated to Tom licit she h :d failed in winning her father over to ti.eir "0, Sa!!';. v. ! at aid he say ? " ' He'll a - lot r 1 1 > uai-'t, Tam," she r .'plied, (lu- li nr.; EX la:- - yo;;. ' j "Wiii'i. ivy; '!T i! : . . o what ho said/' | "ili up in a j: an' tod'-l ma j ne'er tao i-j <f trie a tain/,'' wiping n-.vny the t- ir.t i. si ' - : '.er.'.koiv.hief. ' J i u s ! V, iu-.i o.j yo grt dhd i-.b <;> YtVil i.n.'.ni: in spito o' hi:-.',' Tom :-aid, T:-.n-, I enddaa dr. a that," alio sol-lvd. " We'll j.sll i.cn d tae bo :.s wo are,' Snily j replied. en 'favouring to hide hor tears. "An' si:; » tae I..SH yo n'l lit il her r Tin. I i caiina be, Sally," Tom said, with somo little emotion. "Weel, Tam, when my faither says no, what can 1 dae ? I can ne'er dao what lie tolls me no,'' and Sally fairly gavu way to her strag gling tears. "Come, d ieh t yor ecu ; it'll bo a' rich Is yet. If yo eanna get his consont, I'll get it. Promiso me jist this, Sail', that yu'll no hao anybody elso." Sue gave him hor hand, and allowed him to kiss lver. " That's a' richt," Tom said with a laugh, while sho looked at him iu wonder. "Hoo will ye got his consent?" she at length asked. " Yo no'or spoke tao him iu yer life." " Jist you lea that tao me, an' if I dinna got him tae say yes afore vorra long ca' me Anthony," replied Tom, as ho endeavoured again to tasto her lips. Sally, of course, agreod to leave tho matter to Tom, although sho could not coucoivo how over he would manngo to succeed with her father when sho herself had failed. Our two friends, Corkio and Dally, were most enthusiastic curlers, and members of tho Dykesidiu Club. , How they could bear the idea of being members of the club can only he explained by the facts, that no other club existed within a reasonable distance, aud that I their passion for tho "roaring game" knew no bounds. It was an understood thing, how- ever, that they could not play on the same I rink. Some lovers of sport had tried thus to bring them into contact, but were unsuccessful, and so they were allowed to attftch themselves to whatever rink they chose. The winter was setting in, and our worthies had been anxiously notiug the weather and looking forward to the club making some arrangements for the season. Accordingly, one afternoon, a severe frost set in rather suddenly, and gave prospect that the much-loved game might be indulged in the following day. When evening came it brought a letter to each of our friends request ing them to attend a meeting of the club, to be held that night, at nine o'clock, in the schoolroom, Dykeside. Dykesido was about two miles and a-half distant from Muirburn, and the road which connected them was, on a winter night, of the most lonesome description. Thick and gloomy plantations lined each side of it for nearly the whole distance. Tradition had a very bad report of this road. .It said that many benighted travellers had met their fate on it, and if the trees were able to speak they could "a tale unfold." Nothing but absolute necessity could induce anyono to travel it after night had closed in. This, then, was the road Corkie and Dally had to traverse in order to be present at the meeting of their club. Of course, they would not walk together, but each consoled himself by fancying that the other could not be verv far distant from him. as they would be going about the same time so that if anything did happen — But what could happen 1 Sally had a daughter's anxiety for her father, and was of course afraid anything might overtake liiin on the way. She even tried to persuade him to stay at home, hut on such an occasion that could not be thought of. " What are ye fear'd for V he asked. " Am slmre, faither, that road's no canny. Yo ken the stories that gang aboot it," she pleaded. " Tuts — haverin' — wha heeds sic wcanly stories T' So he set out, but when he found himself alone and surrounded by darkness on this dreary road, he could not help remembering i the "weanly stories." The ominous shades of 1 the plantations had the effect of considerably I ; cooling his fortitude ; while the occasional ; rustle among tho fallen leaves, caused his heart i to beat fitster aud his hnir to become more crisp than was their wont. ) He did not sing to keep his heart cheery, but he kept s Glowerin' roon 'wi' prudent cares, \- Lest bogles catch him unawares. » Nothing, however, occurred to make him givo up hope of arriving at his destination in t safety, till ho reached what was called "tho "liauf- way corner." 3 This was a turn which tho road took at a 0 point nearly oqui-distant from the two places, j and where the gloom was, if possible, greater r> than at anv other part of the road. Ho had reached this point, when just as he turned the corner what did lie see I A ghost 1 Surely not ! It must be imagination, he thought. Yet, still, it was something white, and it ap peared to be coming towards him ! What could it bo 1 He stood rooted to the spot, while a cold sweat broke over him, and ho trembled like an aspen, and still the white object came nearer and nearer. He could do nothing but stare at it. Suddenly there came a most unearthly moan, and a clanking as if of chains, and he recovered himself to find the apparition within a few yards of him. Ho turned to flee, when who was standing behind him, petrified, as he himself had been, but the veritable Corkie. There was no time for ceremony, however. Tho farmer gave liiin a shake, nnd shouted, " 0, Corkie, coine on !'' and the two made off with an agility they had never dreamed them selves possessed of. Yes, tlicso two men ran ! Had the object of their terror been arrayed iu anv other colour than white, tliev micht have faced it ; but white had such an association with things not of this world, that they hurried from it in terror. Nor did they slacken their pace till tliev found themselves within Muir burn. " Man, that wurawfa'," gasped Corkie, when they had altered their rate of speed. " D'ye ken what it is, Corkie ; that's a vcesitation on you an' me for hatin' ither sae lung !" rejoined Dally, with as much composure as his lungs ami nerves would permit. "Glide guide ns! d'ye think sael Then let's be freens noo !" replied Corkie, his terror rising anew. They there and then shook hands, and took the stars to witness that henceforth their ani mosity was at an end. " Ve'll come, liame wi' mo, Dally, an' we'll get something tae calm oor nerves," said Corkie. " Na, n-a, Corkie ; hut ye come wi' mo. I j h ie that in the hooscTl dae us baith guid ; an' I'm luaist tae blame for by," .Dally asserted. Weel, as ye like : but for the blame pairr, I thin!: we re muckle aboot it," rejoined Corkio. ; " Weel. weel : but ne'er a word about the ! ghni't. tae oiivho-iv, miii' ve," cautioned Dally. | 'Never fear," answered Corkie; and tlic-y ; were at .Daily's door. j Silly was, of course, surprised to see her father back so soon, but was not prepared to j liud that he had brought a guest with him, much less one in the shape of Corkie. .She J-. c-ked inquiringly at her father, but "Mr. I I i-nh rsoii an' me's freens noo, Surah," was all the explanation she got. Before Corkie left fur home a new day had began, and during the interval more than one bowl had been brewed, .Moreover, a very interesting piece of business had been settled. It was arranged that Tom and Sally should he made one us soon ns pos sible. It would be to no purpose to describe the joy of the two lovers when they next met, nor the pleasant wedding which took place ; suffice it to say that, within a month of the appearance of the ghost, tho young folks were settled in a house of their own. Sally soon came to know about tho ghost, but it was not till one night when they wore all gathered round Tom's hearth, and after Corkie and Dally had boen made grandfathers, that these two learned who the ghost was, and the reason lie had for wishing them reconciled to each other. But they did not regret what had happened, they rather enjoyed the fun. " 'Deed, I aye thocht the club mectin' had something tae dao wi' the ghaist," remarked Corkie ; while Dally added, nodding his head, " Weel, weel, Tam, ye took a queer way tao get my consent ; but ye got it, an' am no a bit vex'd aboot it the day." 