THE MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. (From the Daily News, February 20.) THE Married Women's Property Bill, which occupied the attention of the House of Commons yester- day, was not a measure to enact that married women ought or ought not to have any owner- ship of property. A chance visitor to one of the galleries, who did not hear the whole of the debate, might easily have fancied that some such funda- mental question was at issue. But there was nothing of the kind. The principle that a married woman may have the ownership of property has already been recognised in a variety of ways. It was specially acknowledged by the Act which passed in 1870. That Act it was the endeavour of yesterday's measure to amend. For the Married Women's Property Bill of 1870 underwent a fate that can hardly be called un- common in our legislation. It went in at one end of our Parliamentary machine with symmetrical propor- tions, and it came out at the other end distorted and mutilated. The Recorder of London had brought in the bill for the simple purpose of enabling married women to become capable of holding and acquiring property, of suing and being sued. The bill passed the House of Commons, and went up to the House of Lords. The Lords so " amended " the bill as almost entirely to deprive women of the common law rights which it sought to confer. It was then, however, too late in the session to think of any practical restoration of the original form, and the measure, even as transfigured, had at all event the merit of acknowledging the principle which the promoters of the reform desired to see established. It was, therefore, thought better to accept the bill as it stood for the hour, and trust to the chance of amending it upon some future occasion. The bill, therefore, which Mr. Hinde Palmer brought in yester- day, was in substance a measure to restore the original proportions of the scheme, and to give thus to married women that right in Common Law, for the establish- ment of which even the House of Lords were willing to concede to them increased facilities in equity. Such was the simple question which the House had to discuss yesterday, and which became involved in many preposterous presumptions, and obscured by many be- wildering arguments. Mr. Hinde Palmer carried the second reading of his bill by a considerable majority, after a struggle which resembled some of the efforts of Dante to make his way in the mystic and hopeless regions, with the ghosts of old fallacies and the impish forms of baffling paradoxes obstructing his progress at every step. No one had much to say in favour of the Act of 1870\. That Act found simplicity; it substituted complication. It found clearness ; it substituted con- fusion. It found a measure specially designed to assist the poor; it substituted provisions which gave relief only to the rich. The bill as thus altered did in principle all that the extremest advocates of the old-fashioned systems could object to ; for it conceded the principle of a married woman's right of property. But it checked and confined this right within so many limitations, made it dependent on such capricious conditions, and interposed so many barriers between the right, even where acknowledged, and its enforcement, that in this short and busy life a woman would be more comfortable if absolutely de- prived of all claim to her own property, than thus perplexed by the solution of a bewildering riddle. The whole measure was like one of those ingenious schemes of political reform which we used to find abundantly a few years ago, the whole object whereof seemed to be to devise some plan by which a popular franchise might be at once offered and withheld, one clause conceding the franchise, and the next endeavouring to render the concession un- available. As Mr. Hinde Palmer, Mr. Os- borne Morgan, and other speakers showed, the Act of 1870 literally bristled with errors and ano- malies. But whatever were the defects of the Act, it had a certain purpose for its basis, and very few of those who took part in the debate of yesterday seri- ously talked of overruling that purpose. There were, indeed, one or two speakers who boldly acknowledged that they would gladly, if they could, repeal the Act of 1870 altogether, and revoke all that kind of legis- lation of which, with whatever errors and blunders, it is an illustration. But there was no combined and practical movement that way, and therefore the dis- pute ought to have been limited to a very simple issue. It was no fault of the promoters of the measure if we had yesterday a farrago of conjectures as to what would happen if a married woman owning a house chose to bring an action of ejectment against her husband ; if an unmanageable dame determined to open a shop in opposition to her husband ; if another unruly lady insisted on going into partnership in business with her male cousin ; and so on. We are tolerably familiarized with all this sort of thing where any debate on the position of married women has to be introduced ; and people would, perhaps, have felt that there was something unusual yesterday if these agreeable diversions had been wanting. In fact, no question of principle was really in- volved. The only point fairly at issue was whether, having distinctly acknowledged the rights of a certain class, it is not wise to make the assertion of the rights as straightforward and simple a process as possible. It is perfectly true, as Mr. Lopes and other members urged, that all such measures tend to increase the possibilities of litigation. Such is, indeed, the melancholy tendency of all reforms which recog- nise the freedom and the rights of any class of human beings. Absolute slavery alone, the positive absence of any right which any other class is bound to respect, can secure superior persons against the possibility of being troubled by the legal assertion of the claims of weaker persons. But such arguments as this, how- ever indisputable their basis of fact, came much too late yesterday. They ought to have been pleaded (indeed, we must admit that they were pleaded) against the Bill of 1870, when it came down amended from the House of Lords. CENTRAI, ASIA.-A correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette at St. Petersburg says, writing on the 2nd instant :-" It is stated by people here who are usually well informed as to the foreign policy of the Government that the object of the late negotiations between England and Russia was not to come to an arrangement in regard to the extension of the latter Power in the direction of Khiva, but to determine the policy to be adopted by the two countries towards the Khanates of Wachan and Badakshan. Accord- ing to this version, England waa disposed to recom- mend an incorporation of the Khanates in question with Afghanistan. The Cabinet of St. Petersburg replied that whether Wachan and Badakshan remained independent or not was a matter of perfect indifference to Russia, but that it was essential for her interests that the territories which are subject to her influence should not be exposed to marauding expedi- tions on the part of the inhabitants of those Khanates. This statement, coupled with the usual friendly assurances about the non-aggressive policy of Russia in Central Asia, and especially as regards the Khivan expedition, seems to have been the only result of the negotiations. Another question which is now a good deal talked about here is the state of feeling in Poland. The return to Russia of the veteran Polish leader Czajkowski, and the discouragement produced among the Poles by the defeat of France, have produced a very general impression that a policy of conciliation in Poland might just now have a very beneficial effect for Russian interests, and many influential papers urge on the Government the desirability of relaxing the severity of the authorities at Warsaw and Vilna." THE United States Census of 1870 shows what American women can do. Besides women employed in ordinary agriculture labour, the Census records 45 female stock-herders, 6 female apprentices to barbers, 24 women dentists, 2 female hostlers, 2 female pro- fesional hunters and trappers, 5 she-lawyers, 525 she- physicians and surgeons, 67 female clergymen, 2 women scavengers, 7 female sextons, 10 female " canalmen," 100 women draymen, 1 female pilot, 6 female guano labourers, 4 she gas-stokers, 33 women gunsmiths, 7 female gunpowder makers, and 16 female ship-riggers. 