A "WAITER'S ROMANCE. from once a week. A nasty cold, raw night. There had Leen a heavy yellow fog all day; but as dusk cann on tho wind arose anil blew the horrid shr.v."l away anil gave 11s citizens of Londyn a cl.i l- pitiless rain iuslwd-a small, icy rain, ! Gently entertained the most coutemptuiua CT1.' ion 0 umbrellas, for it drove in underneath gusty squalls, and danced about your 5 -ad cars iu a familiar manner which was I 't'unplcasant. I had, on this particular even- jJC i.jcp engaged much later tiiuu usual at my cfce in the City, and I had to fight my way ytward against this driving storm; and howl £houhl then have envied present times could I have foreseen an underground railway and its I inestimable blessings ! Such an idea would have j J.ccn considered as almost impious in the period jo which lam now alluding, and we had to con tent ourselves with the stuffy omnibuses and the fluffier cabs. Preferring my own legs to either of these moans of conveyance, I battled my way bravely through Cheapsido, St. Paul's church- yard, and down Ludgate-hil!; hut when fairly in fleet-street my courage failed, and I sincerely wished my club was on the cast side of Temple jjor, The fact was I had had a great deal of vor'k to do all day, and had barely had any time for luncheon, and was almost in a starving con- ! Litton: an(' although the luxuries aud comforts I 0f my club were vividly before my mind's eye, I involuntarily paused when half-way up Flcct- ctrcot, and determined that I would get my dinner at onco, feeling sure that when that jtjc-iI was concluded I should think but little of . the cold and rain. I suddenly remembered a tavern hard by, which a few years before, when occupying chambers in the Temple, I had been r.ccustomed to frequent ; and I resolved to xc-nev.- my acquaintance with the chops and stout for which that, same tavern had once had on almost unrivalled reputation. A few minutes' more struggling with the elements brought 111c to it; and passing through a well- remembered arch way, I found myself in the old coffee-room. For old it unquestionably was. There was an r.ir of Johnson, BoswelJ, Goldsmith, and the giants of that generation about it. The ghosts oi heavy and unpractical politicians seemed to hover about, and a sense of ponderous literature »unl unsuccessful poets was not wanting; to say nothing of tho more immediate fragrance of cheese and steaks and large potatoes. What countless hungry stomachs had been satisfied, or dissatisfied, across those aucicnt table cloths, I wondered? How many thirsty throats had gnlpcd clown rivers of ale and stout out of those well-worn tankards ? But such antiquarian con siderations were rather beside my purpose. I — a not- unimportant unit. I fancied — wanted some thing to restore my wasted tissues; so I at onco demanded tho bill of fare of the venerable waiter who, as I entered, I saw slumbering peacefully beside tho firo. No one elso was in the coffee-room. The Inst of the habitual diners had paid his reckoning an hour before, and I was in undisturbed possession. I " recognised llio ancient attendant at once. I had contemplated l;im with curiosity, not to say reverence, years la-fore, when, as a very youthful barrister, I had imagined fondly that the bcncli or woolsack, or at least tho coif, were within an casv grasp. Time had changed my prospects and profosssion, Lut apparently had not much altered old William's views of life. The white lie, the greasy tail-coat, the customary napkin that ho bore upin his arm, were much the same as ever, and earned no symptoms of revolutionary ideas. " William," said I. " what can I have for dinner ?" " What would yon prefer sir?" (Tho old stereotyped reply. ) ' Well, what have you got?" Old formula, too. "Chop, sir — steak, sir— ronst fowl, sir. There's a cold veal and 'am pic— and a nice cold sirloin." Oh, constitutional proprietor ! Not a vestige of change in the time-honored hill of fare. " I think I should like a nice tender steak, William, with a fried pitato and an onion or two about it." " Yes, sir: ready in a quarter of an hour, sir." And William shuttled off and gave the order. The quarter of an hour was, to a hungry man, an unusually long one ; hut at tho expiration of wo and twenty minutes it came to an end, and the waiter placed before me a steak such as never '-m be got for love or money outside n" London tavern. Into the details of my meal, however, I need not enter ; they obviously concerned myself alone. Suffice it to say that I felt extremely happy and comfortable nt the conclusion of my repast, and did not feel particularly inclined to Lrave the misery of the streets again. The thoughtful William suggested a good reason why 1 should _ tarry a littlelonger. Would 1 like a r:»t of line least Indian sherry? I should in deed, it I could get it. I could get it, nnd if it was not as'fine o wine as ever I tasted, William would undertake to pay for it, and drink it, nettle, » cork, nnd alt This guarantee was sufficient ; and when the wine made its appear ance and I had tasted it, I felt stincthing more than satisfied. Not unnaturally, I grew conver sational. It was evident, from the deserted ap pearance of tho small bar at the entrance of trie con'ec- rooni, that no more guests were expected. William drew a remarkably hard arm- chair close to the lire for mo, and we fell into conver sation. William must have been here a good many yean? Well, yes, he had. He was not si young as he used to be. Not that it was Ins fault, certainly not ; that was a misfortune we all were liable to. But William had been in many other situations besides this, I dared say ? les, that - lie had, indeed ; and once in an un commonly unpleasant situation ? Indeed ! Aught 1 ask what that was? "Well, you see, sir, it was that unpleasant, that for a long time I never much cared to think about it. It aint a nice thing, sir, for a man to bo suspected of murder— or at least of manslaughter. " Cer tainly not," I assented, "far from it. You don't mean to say that you have ever been in that pre dicament, William?" "All! I have indeed, sir. I was onee very near having to stand in the felon's (lock— as near as a toucher." "If it is not pain- i, you.to recall it, I owb I feel curionstohear all about it. Orderyoursoltagla<>s of whatever H!'10 best, William, and tell mo the story." "imams fancy took the form of whisky and water, aud he proceeded as follows : — "A goodish many yea 1-3 ago, sir, when I was ?! w J0®0?® than I am now, I was a waiter "cstcn<l club. I have been u following this calling on and off all my life. I began as a page Jo an old lady as soon as I was big enough to go jaw buttons. My father has lieen in the line more me, nnd he thought that waiting was the ®QV respectable calling there was. Nobodv could n 2? V 1 e keard tell, like him. He was a woutish man, mack as I am now, l»t he never panted, and he never wore creaky shoes, and lf"\?ever Known to knock one plate up against \?ii 1 ' or jingle the glasses on the st4el>eard. fiii P up very particular aud care- m ,11 ,'en iny first missis died, I easily got 1 a?e as l,aK i when I got too big for "at sort of work, they took me on at a club ror<; ®y father had been, aud there I staved or a long time. When I was two ami-twenty l "j!ir.1'lt'h and me and my wife kept lodgings own in \\\ estminster, aud wo managed to get on Pretty well, considering. VaUm uc son after Parliament met, in j,./1., ry was, there had been a great many j> ntieiucn dining and supping, ami we were lin,!,,, lll).,,vory .late, and I did- not start to go mornm. t,'15 l'1Km, . half-past two in the " "2- . It was a bitter night, much tho in,, ? s -"''fc'l'f 's, a cold wind and a driv- Hv.k ' ail<| ray great coat was scarcely as Li.! n,P'8iC ''' wished, and by tho time I 10 pretly well wet through. I ' ,'.cr', 1j'?v wai a careful woman, and I s.ioul,l dad a '.hep of warm water ready to band, aud something to put ia it— much tho same as what I have cot hero now. sir, I thank you kindly — and I didn't miiul being a little moist. When I was within a few hundred yards of our house, I came upon a woman all crouching in a heap, as it were, upon a doorstep. I was tolerably used to such sights in our parts, and I passed by without paying much attention, and probably should never have looked round at her again, but that 1 thought I heard her give a long sad moan. Such a moan, sir, on such a night as that, in a place where professional beg gars knew better than to come, made me stop and turn back to lier. The casual ward aint a pleasant place, sir, I'm mostly told, but it must he better than a cold llag on a winter's night, I thought ; and in a few words I told the poor thing she had better by far go there. "She looked up at 111c tbeu, sir, and I thought at the time I had never seen such a face as that before. I don't rightly .know as I am much of a judge of beauty, but I have seen many a face in niv time— among tho highest of this land, and others too— and I never saw such an uncommon one as that. And I could tell, too, that the streets hadn't always been tho home of such as her. ' I'd rather die where I am,' sho said ; and she hid her face again in the thin white hands, and seemed to take no further notice of me. Well, I couldn't let her be, sir, could I ? My own home, as I have said, was close at hand. So, after thinking a minute or two, I spoke to her again. ' Look'cc here, ma'am ; I aint a going to leave you hero to die— as die you must if you spend the night in this merciless cohl ; and if you won't take tho accommodation as is provided for you by the parish — and I own I don t think much of it — why, you just como along with me. I am a poor man, but I can give you shelter for tho night, and may ho you can get to your friends in the morning.' Her only answer was a shak ing of her head. " 'Now, it aint no sort of use yonr going on in thati way,' I continued; 'God Almighty didn't give you your life for nothing, and you mustn't throw it away for want of a shelter and food. Get up, there's a good crea ture, and como along with me. I have a wife at home who will say I have done right in bringing you there out of this bitter cold. Come.' " I had to use a great deal of persuasion, sir ; she kept her head buried in her hands a long time, and moaned out over and over again, ' No — 110. Let mo be— let mo be.' But I always wns a remarkably obstinate man when once I d got a thing in; ray mind, and at last I prevailed upon her to rise to her feet, and I supported her to my house. 'Martha,' says I, as my wife opened the door, 'don't you bother with any questions just this minute, hut make a cup of hot tea for this poor woman. She's almost dying of cold and hunger. " Well, sir, there never was a kinder soul than my Martha ; and after a look at that sad white face, and a feel of tlios; chilled thin hands, she blew up the file, and had the kettle boiling be fore you could count ten. Bofore you was any thing like nt twenty, slio'd pulled a horsehair sofa, as I had bought a bargain a week beforo, round to the firo, and put the poor thing upon it comfortable. Then she pulled off the ragged muddy boots, and chafed the icy feet, and wrapped them up iu warm flannel. By that time tho tea was ready, and I gave her some, and yon could see sue was a coming rounil last. '"I aint doiufwrong in bringing her here, old woman ?' says I in a whisper. No, you aint, William,' she replies, likewise in a whisper: sho was fond of her Bible, was Martha, and I heard - lier mutter, ' A stranger, and ye took mo in !' I am not tiring you, sir, with this little story of mine? — for there is more to toll." " Not at all, William," I answered. "Goon, I want to hear it to the end." "There is no need for me to go into unnecessary details, sir. I think we housed her and fed lier for about three days. As sho got better and talked a little, wo both could see that she was not at all of our station in life — in fact, she seemed qnito a lady. But sho nevcV breathed a word of herstory, or gave tho slightest hint as to how she had come to bo in such misery as 1 had found hoi in. On the evening of the third day, Martha told me when I came home, she had suddenly got off the sofa where she had been mostly lying while she had been with us, and said— ' I am quite well now. I have bur dened you long enough, kind souls. I am going away now.' " Martha begged and prayed .her to stop at least till the next morning, but she firmly refused, Sho was strong and woll, she said ; we need have no fear for her, all her weakness had passed ; sho could take care of horself now. And nfter making Martha write down my name and address upon a piece of paper, which sho carefully concealed in her dress, sho left the house. Wo talked about her often afterwards, Martha and inc, and wondered what had bccomo of her. Martha declared sho had friends, for she felt sure she was a real lady, although she had never said a word about- herself ; indeed she scarcely talked at all while sho was with us, and there was nothing by which we might guess her name. _ " Three or four years passed away, and one night — it was nigh about Christmas time, and there was not much doing at the club — I got leave to go away early, and 1 took Martha to the play. _ We was. in the pit : Mr. Keeley played that night one of his best parts, and I remember I was laughing fit to split my sides, when sud denly Martha said to me quite serious— 'Look up at that largo box, Williaiu, to the right.' I looked up at the box bIio directed me to. There was three handsomely dressed ladies sitting in front, and some gentlemen behind. ' Well, my dear,' rays I, 'they are very pretty, but they aint so interesting as old Keeley on thestago !' and 1 turned my eyes away again. ' You must bo getting blind, William,' says Martha, im patiently, 'or your memory's weak. Look at the lady at the corner nearest the stage — her with the large fan.' Then I looked attentively, for Martha seemed strangely excited. 'Why, it's never — ' I began. ' Hush ! ' said Martha, seizing my arm pretty sharp. ' Don't draw at tention. It is her. Yes, sir, there was no mistake about it. .The ladv in tho corner of the box was her as I hod brought home that cold night. She as wns now so grandly dressed, with sparkling jewels round her neck, and in the com pany of lords and ladies— for I recognised one nobleman as was a member of our club, and I knew his lady by sight— was the same as I had found almost in rags upon a doorstep at mid night. As you may suppose, I could not help looking up at her pretty often. Whether she saw us or not I cannot say, but the very next day there came a letter for roc, and when I opened the envelope I found wrapped in a piece of paper a bank note, value one hundred pounds. On the paper there was written one word, ' Silence." " Well, sir, very soon after this I had reason to leave London altogether. The fact was, a man as had been head waiter ia the club had scraped together a goodisb bit of money, and he married, and took an hotel in a large town in the Midland Counties; he and mo had always been good frieuds, and he offered me the place of head waiter there, and I gladly took it. Martha and one or two of the children wore ailing, and tho pay was better than than I had been receiv ing, and I thought it would be better for all of usj so away we went. And for five years every- thin''.went prosperous. "There was races held twice a year at this town as I am speaking of ; and though for a long time they had been but small affairs, the neigh boring gentry began to patronise them more, and at the end of the. five years I mentioned, they had l/xouic more important to tbcm as was on the turf. _ Our hotel was tho head-quarters of all the racing swells as 00111c down. These races was held in the autumn and in tho early spring ; more people generally came to tho spring meet ing, because at that time there was a largo ball always in the town hall, and tho gentry 111 the neighborhood used to fill their houses for it, and wo at the bote) had plenty of work to do by reason of tho visitors. Aud towards the end of one particular March, we was very full indeed. All the rooms upon the first floor, with the ex ception of two, was taken for a party of ladies and gentlemen as was coming from Loudon ; these other two was engaged by a foreign gcntlo- man as was much upon tho turf, and had como to lis regular l'or the races for the last two years. None of us couhl ever pronounce his name cor rectly, and ho was generally known as the Count. " " Well, sir, the party of ladies nnd gentlemen come down on the Tuesday afternoon. The ball was to tako place that night. The Count como down by a later train, only just in timo for dinner, and he was alone ; and though he was going to tho hall as well as tho rest, he seemed to have no friends there, and took his dinner by himself. And I thought at first it was as well. lie did so, for lie did not seem to bo in a particularly good humor. Nothing pleased him, and ho swore at me, and at the landlord, and at the cook, nnd seemed to be in n nervous and irritablo. state of mind. I had never seen him like this before, and wo all supposed he was likely to loso on the races. He was a fine, handsome man, and, generally speak ing, his manner was pleasant ami polite to every body. lie did not dine till very late, nnd conse quently I was able to give him my undivided at tention, as all the other dinners were ucarly over. " I had previously been waiting with my men upon the large parly on tho same floor that I have spoken of. O110 lady of the pnrty, it np- pcured, had excused herself from dinner, as she was tired, and wanted to rest herself before the ball, and she -had tea taken to her room. The room this lady occupied was nearly opposite tho Count's sitting-room. "The Count, as I have said, seemed very irri tablo. Ho could hardly sit still at dinner, and lie ato but littlo ; but he made tip in tho drink ing line, I assure you, sir. Once he mademe open tlio window, as the place seemed so oppres sive ; five minutes after wards he told me to shut it, as the air chilled him to the hone. Twico or three times during the course of dinner he rose from his scat, and paced up and down the room, muttering to himself in a foreign language. " When I had put the cheese on, I went out to fetch soino more bread, and left the door ajar. I ran down tho stairs, and soon returned with the bread. As it happened, I didn't come up as quick as I went down, and I was always remark able for .the softness of my tread— a great quality in a waiter, I assure you, sir — and so it was that when 1 reached the landing I stopped short, for I saw a lady gazing in through the hnlf-npcn door. . The Count's back was towards the door, but his face was clearly reflected in a mirror op posite to him, and at tnistliQ lady was apparently gazing. From my position 1 could not see her face ; but I noticed that sho was tall, nnd wore a magnificent bull dress. There was something about her— I couldn't then for the life of me say what it was — that made me pause, and strangely wlsli to see her features. Then tho Count vio lently struck a little hand-bell which was on the table, and tho lady started away, and turned into tho room which was almost opposite. I thought as I entered the Count's apartment that that must be the lady who was too tired to join her party at dinner. " 'How had the attendance is !' exclaimed the Count in a loud voice ; 'how long you have been getting a piece of bread ! There, fetch me bis cuits ami a pint of the golden sherry — you kuow which I mean— and be. quick." "I hurried outngnin, this time closing the door behind inc. I got tho wine as speedily as pos sible, and rushed upstairs with it. As my hand was on the door, I remembered Jdiat I Imd for gotten tho biscuits. 1 hastily put the sherry upon a marble slab there wns on the Iniul- iug, I and ran downstairs again. In three minutes I was up again with the biscuits, and as I gained tho landing, just caught a glimpse of a lady's skirt disappearing into the room opposite tho Count's, and I heard tire door close very softly. 'That will do,' said the Count, as I placed the wine nnd biscuits beforo him. 'Let a fly he at the door in half an hour, aud come aud tell me when it is ready.' " All our other guests wore beginning to start for the ball when I left the Count. Tho party on tho first floor had ordered three flics, and I was standing in the hall when tire two first lots went off. There was a lady and gentleman left, and I wondered why tlicy didn't get into the other fly which was waiting, and follow tho rest of tho party ; when I heard the lady say in reply to a remark tho gentleman liad made, I supposed— " Oh, she will lie hero in a moment; she is quite well now, and anxious to go," "There was a rustling of silks upon the stairs, and a lady came into the hall. I thought I could not mistake the figure nor the dress— it was tho lady I had seen looking curiously into tho Count's apartment. Ah, sir, have you guessed it ? Now that 1 saw her face — so pnle, yet so majestic— I knew that I had seen it before, nere again before me was the woman I had once brought to my poor home upon a cold winter's night. Her eyes, as she passed through the hall, never once met mine, and she silently followed the others into the carriage. "At the expiration of the half-hour I went up to tell the Count that his fly was read v. I knocked at the door— once— twice ; there was no answer. I catered, and found him lying dead upon the floor. " There was an inquest, of course, and it was discovered that the sherry I had brought him— of which he had drunk two-thirds— was poisoned — yes, sir, poisoned "The bottle had been opened by the landlord in the presence of myself and ene or two other waiters, and we had seen him draw off 'a pint into a decanter. The remaining portion of tho bottle was tested, and was found quite pure. The poison must have been put in after that pint had come into my hands. Either I had wilfully nut it in, or the Count had committed suicide. I stated that I had placed the decanter on the slab outside the room fora minuto or two, when I ran backfor the biscuits— and this was all I had tosay; and tho absence of all possible motive on my part for committing such a crime acquitted me, and the jury found that the Ceunt had destroyed himself iu a fit of inadnc33." "Do you ask mo, sir, if I agreed in that verdiet ? I have never been able to give a satis factory answer even to myself. But I aui terribly inclined to think that he was murdered. I can not resist tho conviction that he was the man who originally wronged the woman I found upon the cold doorstep in iVestminstcr ; that, though she recovered her position by manyinga rich old nobleman, she never forgave the man who did her this cruel wrong, and that sho had revenged herself in this awful manner." " No, I have never seen her again. I know that on her return from tho ball— pale and stately as I had seen her go— she never went to bed, and left the hotel early the next morning. Of course, sir, my suspicions may bo wrong. I do not think they are. "And this strange story is the dark piece of romance in your life, William" " Yes, sir, it is." 