Os GETTING MARRIED.-Why I should take pen in hand to perpetrate an article ont" getting married" when I have never been married in my life, and, con sequently, cannot be expected to know much about it, may surprise those of my readers who consider it worth while to devote a thought to the subject, either one way or the other. But I maintain that it is the very fact of my not having entered what is called, with bitter irony, " the happy state," which should be my recommendation. I stand, se it were, afar off-I am perched upon an eminence where I can view the cere mony in all its ghastly details; I am far removed from the supposed enthralling powers of raven or auburn hair, of black eyes or blue; I am far out of the reach of the temptations of "dimpled smiles," whatever they may be, and the reddest of cherry lips have no charm for me whatever. Miy treatment of the subject may, therefore, be relied on as being absolutely im partial; and, if I may lean just a little towards the side of my own sex, I am perfectly justified in doing so, as I have never been " retained" by the other side. I have neveror been able to satisfactorily settle in my own mind whether getting married is supposed to be a subject for rejoicing or mourning. Certainly, all the weddings I have seen would go to prove the latter. The bride has always been in tears-the bridegroom has always looked profoundly miser able. She seems to be making the beet of a bad job, and he seemswto be hoping that some one will charit ably step forward aend stop the ceremony at the point where the olliciating clergyman asks if anyone knows "any just cause or impediment," &e.; There is one theory I wish to advance with regard to the bride groom, and that is that lie has never paid for his wedding garments when he enters the church ; he seems in constant fear lest his tailor should be at hand with his "little bill." Observe the way in which ie sneake from the hired carriage-which generally has an appropriately funeral appearance-and glances furtively round! See how ill at ease he seems in these unpaid-for specimens of the tailor's art-what a sickly hue is reflected on his sorrowful contenanne by his lavender tie. Gentle reader, or fair reader, or you, sir, who have passed through the ordeal, and, consequently, must know all about it, tell me-is there anything in my theory P Of course, in this ex. ceedingly watery climate of ours, we must expect a constant succession of heavy downpours and short sharp showers. But why should it always rain when marriages are going on? AreneDtthe principal actors sufficiently depressed already P? But for the singularly inappropriate nature of the similie, one might say it was heaping coals offire on their unfortunate heads. I will not go so far as to say that every marriage yet celebrated has taken place on a wet day-I can only confine myself to my own experience. We will say I have seen, or " assisted" at, a dozen weddings -well, twelve of that dozen have come off in the rain. Next to the fainting, the tears, the sol volatile, and tihe other accompaniments at the altar, the scene at the church door is worthy the most attention. Hare yeo ever watched the group of old ladies in wonderful pattens and mysterioa bonnets, with noses red from the morning air, ?ho ongregate to see the procession ? It is quite a study. You never see a man there. I can only remember having seen a man present on an occasion of this sort once. He was the very ghost of a man-his face deeply marked with lines which told eloquently of care and sorrow, and, although evidently not more than forty, there was a liberal sprinkling of white in his hair. He was attired in clothes which would have been disdained by any scarecrow with an atom of self-respect, end altogether appeared tho roughly miserable and dejected. Approascing the church, he inquired of the females there assembled, ' What wees going on?" " A wedding," replied a dozen eager voices. The man turned away with an cxpression on his face in which contempt and sadness were strangely blended, and in a low heart-broken tone said-" I never saw but one wedding in my life; that was my own."-Toeon and Country. Australian tin has within the last few weeks at tracted considerable attention in this the tin market of the world. Tin, like its slang equivalent, is ap plied to a variety of uses, and is in demand in almost every part of the globe. Gold itself is hardlyof more universal application. The Chinaman is a large con sumer of it, so is the American: that the Australian meat preserver uses it is no news to Home Neew. readers. The calico and silk printer is an excellent customer in the tin market, so are the thousand-and. one makersuand packers of mustards and jams, and coffees, of packing-ease makers and photographin frame manufacturers ; indeed, with the single exception of paper, there are few manufactured articles in so uni versal a demand. Tin itself may be as wide spread as its uses. That is to say, a very small portion of it can be spread over a very large surface. To cost with this beautifully .silver- like metal a huge dull-looking iron plate, the merest pea or par ticle itself is requisite. Yet in the course of the year no less than thirty thousand tons are nesed. The tin of commerce is described by three different terms. For some time past the commonest descrip tion has been a stranger to the market, and it is now said that the high quality of the Australian tin has enabled the smelter to so manufacture the common kinds, as to make them equal to what is technically termed "good." It is this fact that has given univer sal interest to Australian tin of late, and it is desirable that Australian tin-miners should be made acquainted with some matters connected therewith. The tin emeltere in England are very few in number, and they could probably be counted on the ten fingers of any man, and they form a close corporation among them. selves. Thus the " black sand" or tin-ore of Australia comes to a market in which there is a limited com petition-this in connection with an article of so wide a demand is important, and it remains with Austrae liaues as to whether the monopoly shall be discontinued or not. In no instance should the tin-ore be shipped to this market. Every particle of it should be smelted in the colony-and as there is a trade fashion in these things that it would be wise to follow-run into slabs of from twenty to thirty to the ton. These slabs should meosure from twelve to fourteen inches by eight or ten and four, each to be impressed with the shippers' brand or mark by which it may be known in the market. The standard of quality indicated by these brands should never be allowed to deteriorate, and the quality of the ore will serve to make that easy. Adviees of the shipment of tin should be telegraphed every month, so that parable could be sold to arrive. This and' the oasting into slabs of the size indicated, or rather larger, becoming known abroad, would serve to lesseen the cost and charges on this side very consider ably. It may be worth while stating that the market in America could absorb 5000 tons per annum of Ass tralian tin, COlcutta also being a good market. There need be no fear in the minds of Australian tin miners as to the value of their product. A parcel branded ' Perkins," ex Harmodious, at present on the market, has been pronounced equal in quality to the best English tin. Archbishop Manning reeently addressed several thousands of people, mostly Irish, from the base of Ntlson's Column, Trafalgar-square. The desire and prayer of his heart was, he said, that there should not be in all London any Catholic man or woman who did not live as practical Catholicse. Next, lihe wanted to have every Catholic child in a Catholic school. How could that bebroughtabout? By every father and mother being an example of sobriety. If every man and woman in his lock gave up drink their homes would be peaceful and happy. He did not wish to be an enemy to publicans. He only wished they had a better trade. Dr. Manning concluded, amidst loud cheers, by asking those who were not teetotalers to take the pledge, and those who were to'renew it. "Berkeley, Sept., 1869. Gentlemen,-I feel its duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for the great benefit I have derived by taking 'Norton's Oamomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above-named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I snuffered exeruciatjng pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills I was quite restored to my nsual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus be aglieted. I am, sir, yours truly, HEsty AcTsee.-To the Pro prietors of Nounou's CaxoMrrIE Piare." 87 MARAVILLAC0COA.-The Gloe says, "T -rwo BaorHBas' Meravilla Cocoa has acbieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cooos in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspepties, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further farourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post British Miedical Journal, tc., &c.; 