PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, ALBURY. induction ox the bev. h. b. giles. To supply the vacancy caused by the re signation of tbo Rev. Mr Robb, a call was presented by the members and adherents of the Presbyterian Church, Albury, to the Rev. H. B. Giles, and the call having been ac- cepted by that gentleman, and sustained by the Presbytery of Beechworth, the ceremony of induction took place on Wednesday. In the afternoon the members of the Presbytery, 111Alni1llll7 1 DfiUQ frr dvollfl na 11 Cinnlx,T,/\wi h _ J. Greig, Yackandandah, A. J. Smith, Wan garatta, and Mr Wallace, an elder of the Al bury congregation, met at the Presbyterian Church, whan the ceremony of inducting the oleot was duly prooeeded with. The Rev. A. J. Smith having read a chapter from the Bible, oustoinary on such oocasions, aud put the usual questions to tho Rev. H. B. Giles, that gentleman was inducted into the charge, and received the right hand of fellowship from the brethren. The Rev. G. Graham, after having addressed some anpronriate re- marks to tho minister as to his duties towards the congregation, addressed the members of the congregation of whom there was a con siderable, number in attendance, as follows : — " How can I better introduce the few ex hortations I have to lender, than by calling upon you, at this season of prayerful dedica tion, to give yourselves to prayer — prayer for yourselves, prayer for your minister. Think of the vows under which he has come, think of the duties he has to discharge, tbinl- of the difficulties be has to encounter, think of tho prize, if faithful, and your own interest in it; think of the curse, if unfaithful, perish ing under the weight of the blood of souls ; and as you see a man of flesh and blood like yourselves, entering upon an office fraught with such awful responsibility, therefore, wnen you enter your cruset, una gaui me door behind you, or when you encompass the family altar, or meet two or three in those places in your districts where prayer is wont to be made, think it not too much if we should ask you to seem to yourselves, in these sacred moments, to hoar stealing upon yonr ears a whisper of earnest entreaty from your pastor's lips : Brethren, pray for us. Measure the sincerity of your present-declared affec tion for him, and of your hopes of future good from his ministrations, by the sincerity of yonr prayers on his behalf. ' I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them.' " Give stated attendance upon your pastor's pnblic ministrations. 1 The Lord loveth the gates of Zion more thau fill the dwellings of Jacob.' One of the most decisive symptoms of a hollow profession, or of apostacy, is indifference to, or neglect of, the public ordi nances of religion. Without professing to know the character of this congregation in this respect — hoping and believiDg the best — it becomes me to warn you, that oue of the darkest spots on many of our town and village congregations, is a systematic, and in some places, growing neglect, of one or both of the services. Was this the spirit of David, whose spirit you often profess to cherish in the praise of God ? ' I was glad, &o.;' "In your pastor's more private ministra tions among you, receive him with affectionate respect ; and treasure up as the source of household instruction and comfort, what ho may feel it his duty to say to you on these occasions. Do not expect him, however, to be always sauntering about your dwelliugs. It is quite possible to conciliate favor and to obtain popularity of a certain kind by such means, but the more judicious and pious among you will not fail to think that the minister would be better iu his study than wasting in mere catering calls the precious time he ought to be devoting to tho great ends of his office. "Study the temporal comfort of yonr minister. Christ has enjoined his ministering servauts to divest themselves of anxiety about their worldly circumstances. Why ? Is it because they can live without support ? Or is it because they wili miraculously supply their wants? No! It is because they have rolled the burden of this anxiety over upon their people. ' Tho laborer is worthy of his hire.' " Let him that is taught in the Word, communicate unto Inm tuafc teaoiietu in ail good tilings5 1 Even so liath the Lord ordained that tlioy which preach tho Gospel should live of the Gospel.' What is given for the support of the ministry in a right spirit is fruit- abounding to tho account of those who give it. An odor of a sweet smell, a sacri fice acceptable and pleasing to God. Tho elders of this church, I exhort to sustain the efforts of their minister, by cordial co-operation with him. Much, under God, depends upon you. Whatever other duties you inay have undertaken in the affairs of this church, remember that your great duty is to watch for souls, as those who must give an account. Next to what a minister would he, were he of such a charac ter, I know not one who is so much his own worst enemy, and so much a foul stain upon the Church of Christ, as a careless, inactive, and ungodly elder. Oh 1 brethren, never for get that yon watch for souls. How much may you do by guarding the purity of the Church, in admission to its membership. How much by timely hint, warning, reproof, or encourage ment, in tho case of those who may need these appliances. How much, by example, to the flock. I have not tiuio to enlarge upon your duties ; and, therefore, I would entreat you, on this occasion, to set apart an early opportunity for reading your duties as re corded in the Word of God for recalling your vows, and prayerfully inspecting your official life in the light of them. " In conclusion, I entreat all to Btand fast in one spirit, with one mind, striving together i . i p iv . r qaalr an avnort. for the iaitn oi tue vju&pc;. mental knowledge of the truth for yourselves and for others. Let every congregational arrangement be made conducive >o the in terests of pure and undefiled religion. _ This, and this alone, will advance your wealtn as a o mgregation. It will prevent mere sectarian ism. It will he a bond of union among your selves. It will promote union with others. In proportion as you walk in the fear of tne Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, will you be multi'idied with those numbers that give real strength and true beauty to the Church of God." tea meeting. A tea meeting in connection with the in duction of the Rev. H. B. Giles to the charge of the Presbyterian Church, was held at the Exchange Rooms, on Wednes day evening. . There was an excel ent at tendance ; numerous visitors from all parts of- the district, many from long distances, joining with the townspeople m taking part m the festive gathering. As one set of tables was insufficient for the accommodation of those who had assembled, tea was partaken of in relays, and evidently enjoyed by the last as well as the first. After the tables had been cleared, and tho iragments gathered up, a public meeting was held. The attendance was even larger than at the tea meeting. After the usual de votional exercises, Tho Rev. Mr GILES said ho occupied the chidr not from choice or from a desire to occupy a prominent position, but from in exorable custom ; he would muoh rather that come other gentleman occupied the position, but would endeavor to fulfil its. duties to the best of his ability. Considering the incle ment weather, he was much pleased to see sueh a gathering of the residents of Albnry. Until recently he had known nothing of Albury, and he must confess that it was with some reluctance that he had undertaken at the instance of the Home Mission Committee to enter on the charge, all foe more foot ho had been told that tho Presbyterians of Aibary were a semi-aristooratic class of people ; he had on the first Sunday of his mimstratioD, waited with some trepidation, expecting to hear carriages roll up zo then humble place of worship, and to see giuly-dressed orowds enter its precincta, but he found, not to his disappointment, that the Presbyterians of Albury were not the semi-anstocra.ic olass of people described. He had fnriher been told that the people of Albury were shrewd and eg fa clous', and that he believed to ee the case. Sin.ia his residence here he hau been greatly rilasod with the town; its spacious streets, and foe beautiful soenery that euviionod it Ha looked with pleasure on it as Ins redience, Sd although he Ml ii- id'riakeh a most responsible work, yot- he ? , -ha able to do seine soivioe in tho -.j. gratified at seeing so mnnr reemborB ! tostiijiog the 1U fare of one another. Mr Alpen bad kindly given his services as conductor of the choir, the members of which would during the evening greatly enliven the proceedings. The Rev. G. GRAHAM said he felt too .tired to make a speech, having been travelling all day, but he eould not help expressing his satisfaction that Albnry had now a Pres byterian minister of its own; he. must also express the hope that the people belonging to the church would support their minister by their prayers and their contributions. After alluding to the efficacy of prayer, the rev. gencicman irusiea uuai wie peupio uphold their' miuistcr . by tlieir prayers, and concluded by wishing his rev. brother God speed." The Rev. A. D. ACOCKS, Church of England minister, said that it was customary on occasions of that kind to 'make a speech ; he, however, did not intend to follow the custom, but to content himself with a few remarks. .He hid much pleasure, he said, in being present at that meeting, as he had a Irivtrl nf ffrtnnoflfinn wif.1i f.llfi Prfisbvtflriail body, as many of those who attended his ministrations in the bush were Presbyterians. He had expected a large gathering that even ing, as the people of Albury were great on tea meetings ; he heartily congratulated the chairman on coming amongst the residents of Albury, as although ho (the speaker) was comparatively a new chum himself, hewas so favorably impressed, that he hoped to live and die amongst them. He was heartily glad to see the Presbyterian Church of Albury re instated with a minister of its own, and hoped the day would be far distant when it would be without one. The rev. gentleman con cluded an effective impromptu speech by heartily welcoming the Rev. Mr Giles to Albury. Mr McLAURIN, of Yarra Yarra, said that 41\A« 1.A.1 Laam ..-.1.1 lfc»T 1 1, r"k "Pavf 1VT 1 C"TT III 1 1 9 Tl 1 uuvjr Httu uceu tytu uy »»» that they had now a minister of their own ; he remembered the time when Beechworth had no minister, the Albnry minister having to do duly there. The tide had now been turned, he thought, aud he hoped the next time tlio Rev. Mr Graham visited Albury they would not have only one, but two or three ministers. From the rapid progress of settlement in the district, there was ample work for several ministers, and he hoped that before loug he would have tho pleasure of being present nt a similar gathering to cele brate the induction of another minister, in addition to their pastor, the Rev. Mr Giles. The Rev. A. J. SMITH congratulated the Albury people on securing a minister like the Rev. Mr Giles, a man whom he was certain would prove eminently useful in the place. His own residence in the district had been very short, and he felt pleased to see the vacant charges in tho Presbytery being filled up. Wangaratta, whero be was stationed, was on the line of railway, but Albury was tho terminus, aud he would not be jealous, but on the contrary, would be greatly pleased if the four ministers — as Mr M'Lauriu had said, were required in the district. After alluding to tbo number of young people pre sent at the gathering, and relating an amusing anecdote iox uieir oenent, ne i uiun cu to iuc necessity of congregations showing sympathy with their ministers ; of members coming forward and telling whether they had received good from the sermons which ministers had to preach week after week, or year after year. Mr MITCHELL, of Tabletop, said that had been a very important day lo all members and adherents of the Presbyterian Church, as well as to the Rev. Mr Giles. Many of those present were doubtless aware that the first church opened in Albury was a Presbyterian church ; since then their present plnco of worship and munse had been erected, a church had been built at tho Twelve-mile Creek, and one was about being opened at- the Ten-mile Creek ; from this they were aware that the duties of their minister were very arduous, aud required not only strength of mind, but strength of body. Referring to the fact of members of nil denominations being present at the meeting, the speaker alluded to the different state of feeling that prevailed in his boyish days when sectarian feeling ran so high in Scot land that clergymen of the different Presbyterian bouies reiuseu to recognise eacu other when they met in the streets. Good progress had been made by the Presbyterian Church — said the speaker — but when they compared the position of the Presbyterian Church at Albury with that of the Presby terian causo in the colony, they must admit that it was not what it should be. Many were ready to furnish causes for tho want of progress, but if they would ask themselves whether they hail dono all in their power for the advancement of tho church, they would find that they th «ms elves were not fiee from blame. If the minister was not assisted and cheered in the discharge of his duty, was he alone to blame if there was a falling off in tho church ? The present was alone ours. The past no man coulil recall, but still from the past lessons for the future might be learned. He trusted that day would be a turning poiut iu tho Presbyterian cause, and that for the future more interest, more zeal, and active interest iu the welfare of the minister would be shown. Looking at the state of the church in Albury at the present time, it did not Beem that a spark of the flame that warmed the breasts of the Cove nanters existed. It must havA been pleasing to those who had addressed them — as it was to himself — to see so maDy members of other denominations present at the gathering. If they could all thus happily meet together for an hour or two, he did not see why they should not more frequently gather together to assist one another. Such gatherings induced feelings of kindness towards those whose conscientious convictions were different from tneir own, ana tnero was no aouui n nu, irrespective of creeds, could more frequently meet together, it would be productive of groat good. (Gear, hear.) Tho Rev. Mr FRY, Independent minister, said that when he looked round on the plat form, and saw the representatives of the various denominations, he was reminded of a figure of speech made use of by Paul as to tho various members of the body. As the members of tho body had each their separate functions to perform, but at the same time wore parts of one glorious whole, so the various sections of the Christian Church each had its own work, while the whole worked together for the glory of God. In an able manner tho rev. gentleman worked ont the 6imile, showing that the Christian church, although it might appear diverse, and even hostile, was distinguished by its unity. Church creeds and church formulas were forged on more human anvils, and tfcey knew from past experience and from what, was passing around them, that these creeds and formulas would snap and crack with the crash of matter and tho crash of worlds. But if they were joined together by that bond which united angel to angel, they would rise above all petty differences, and realise the truth of the grand , saying that " God ' is love, uuu man we ougui iu love eacn ornur ju Him. Yotes of thanks to the ladies ; to Mr .Alpen, for his services as conductor of the choir to the speakers, and to tho chairman, concluded the proceedings. . . Riveb Navigation. — Another steamer, the second for the season, .put in an appearance; at Albury on Saturday night. The Elizabeth brings with her general merchandise, a con-, siderable portion of her cargo having been, landed at Muhvala: The Waradgery, steamed down the stream;;6n. '-Saturday afternoon- to Bungowannah, where she will load with a.full cargo of wheat and oats. Nokth- EastekN:; Railway. — Satisfaction, was manifested in YVodonga on Saturday, on its having become known. that the tender of a local firm had b'een accepted for the' eon- struction of . the goods shed at the railway terminus. Messi'S.FrowT-.and Hill are the suc cessful tenderers, foe tenders being as follows : Construction' of foe shed "with galvanised iron;": £4543 9s 6d ; brick, .with' stone foundation, £4424- 16s. . As tl;e iasftoamed materials are the cheapest, and at the same time are certain to prove the. most; durable, .there is no doubt- that the Government will cause the Work to be carried out in brick and stone; and it is probable that 'the- station, offices, cte.y will be similarIy>constr.iicted.-:;iFroni the .plana that, have tyenfepUfcdjiqr- the station, -/it is evident lhaf /-theGoytftynrent, without in- creasingfonY lavish' fexpenditui'e, intend that the huildjngs shall'beWorflvy of thfe toriiiinns of one of the principal liues of- railway in :the colony. "'T'- W ; 