The Essayist. WILL. " A stumbler stumbleth least in stumbly ways." —GRORGE HERBERT . THE votive garments of so many who have been shipwrecked on this rock warn the philosopher that failures merit derision rather than pity when they are the results of conceit. Theologians and metaphysicians struggle desperately with the surging bil lows, and the contemplative student is amused, interested, and bewildered when he sees Toplady clinging convulsively to Priestley, and Hazlitt, as well as Robert Hall, praising, with emulative sympathy, the vigorous agonies of Jonathan Edwards. Be the philosopher content to admire the feats he declines to imitate, while he se renely studies known laws in their sequence. The Will, or the faculty of volition, exists in man as a power; therefore, it exacts culture and discipline, even as do the intellect, the imagination, the judg ment, and the affections. It is a vital force, powerful for good or for evil, ac cording to its training, its guidance, and direction. It is a necessary force that cannot with impunity be suffered to rust. It is a link in the chain of cause and effect that binds our being, and whether it prove to be the first or the tenth in the sequence is (at this stage of enquiry) practically im material. The alarmed reader may now draw his breath, and I trust he will restore me to his good will. For my metaphysics are closed, my wbola stock of abstract knowledge compacted and 'wondensed, and my purely speculative theories have long Bince been buried, I trust for ever. Fuseli, in one of his graphic, vivid, aud comprehensive precepts, bids his pupils to "Mistake not an itching finger for an authentic will." "Organisation" (con tinues this masterly aesthetic) "is the mother of talent; practice, its nurse ; the senses, its dominion. But hearts alone can penetrate hearts." An "authentic" will! The word itself, with its Greek etymology, guides me to the clue. "Authentic" is when the mind, acting on itself, discerns its own deep seated forces, and their proper field oi action according to Nature's external laws. The "itching finger" is an outward, ob jective accident, easily remedied, and then as easily and quickly forgotten. The other is an inner and irrepressible fount that we can use, guide, and distribute, but never subdue. The strong Will not only gives to Nature, and to her trains of causation, all fair play and respect, but, by patient re moval of every impediment foreseen, leaves to chance but little or nothing. By great circle sailing the Will makes for the haven for which it is bound. So Wellington surveyed the battle-field in silence and solitude over night. So Cook, Washington, Collingwood, and Nelson were wont to attend personally to minute (or, il you will, to trivial) details that seemed to concern the health of their men. The authentic will subordinates petty personal wants and egotistic cares to the grand one ever present to the mind. This is will— and this, when sound and authentic, n generally victorious. " When opposed," said Wellington, "to Massena, sleep, as well as table, was out of tho question. Soult but marred my dinner. Marmoni allowed me to eat, drink, and sleep." Some of the confusion in the various speculative treatises and discussions may, perhaps, have arisen from comparisons between Nature at a disadvantage, and j Nature with fair play. Confined in a room with foul odors and mephitic gases, what can Ido but rush to the window ? Baked and parched with thirst, can I resist the gelid fountain ? What conatus or effort oj will can sustain good- humor during tin pangs of the toothache, or the torture oj tight boots ! Idle were it to ask whether thai Will be free which is confessedly weak, because in effect overborne. Now the strong Will foresees all this and more— bids and enables us to avoid this or thai that indulgence known by experience tc j mar the temper or to cloud the brain— i bids us to forego the dance, the concert, 01 j the feast, because the mom that follows il t must find us strong and cool; and even tc . curb our fastidious hauteur, if the vulgariac I we loathe can be made subservient to our , purpose. He who prizes sobriety a 9 il : merits will never be drunk, for he will forego pleasant society sooner than risk a combat with temptation. He who dreads j poverty as it should be dreaded will nevei be poor, for little as he may have he will spend less. Aud he who dreads crime dreads poverty, the parent of crime. Poverty takes nature at a disadvantage, What is sentiment, what is even the Doca logue to a starving man who sees a loal left carelessly in his way, or to the drunkard in the morning, who is in hell till the cooling draught be either begged, borrowed, or stolen ? Exceptional cases may be on record of a well-trained will having conquered in such or similar cases, but I say that man was never made for such unequal combats, and he is assuredly a fool who wantonly courts them, or who does not use proper foresight to be armed against their attack. In such foresight lies the strong authentic Will. Mere "wilfulness" or "waywardness" is the lawful object of derision. What more comical than Balmawhapple, in Scott's IVaverley, firing one of his horse pistols agaiust Stirling Castle, or the im mortal Mrs. Partington sweeping back with her broom the surging waves (Drat them !) of the encroaching sea ? Byron never thought of trying to swim direct across the Hellespont; he knew it was simply impossible. He therefore chose a starting point higher up, and reached Abydos by the diagonal, being borne towards it by the resultant force composed of hi* own strong swimming and that of the down- flowing descending tide. This was true will. Mark a country house in winter, full of young girls, whose wills are bent on the race ball, archery meeting, or private theatricals, or such like. Papa may be gruff, and frowningly despotic the sternness of his prohibition ; mamma timid and doubtful, " For you know, dears, that you have nothing to wear, and then those horrid roads," &c.; Their purses are exigu»u9. Chawles is very selfish, and Jack, nasty thing ! so disobliging. Add to this, it rains buil-dogs; add, my worthy friend, whatever you please, but go they will. I back Mabel, Kate, and Carrie against fate, weather, and impossibility. What diplomacy, what furtive industry, what wheedling tact is working in the secret deep ? The poultry yard, the marketings, the presents, the services, the bargains, the bribes; a Prime Minister might take a lesson. What magical transpositions and permutations of skirts and tarlatans are the fruits of nightly toil and busy angers ! At length every objection has met his ! match. " Mr. A.'s cart is borrowed. Tom will drive us. We dress at Mrs. Q/s. She is obarmed with the pigeons which, you know, papa dear, you wished us to get rid I of. Then Chawles must go there to look at some shorthorns," &c;, (da capo). In short, papa is checkmated, mamma overruled. The brothers are diplomatised and van quished through their respective weak | sides, and fresh, cool, and triumphant in blooming innocence, off go the happy girls, well shawled and cushioned, indifferent to the jolting, and laughing at the snags. This is Will; and this, as well as the pri vate theatricals, has oft excited our silent wonder and open plaudits. Whence but from the combined wills of clever girls could come the extemporised wardrobe and properties of those dramas and farces we have so often enjoyed so much more than regular acting. My friend Charley, half the strength of will shown then by thy young sister Kate would increase thy salary, raising thee a step. The character of Hamlet seems to me that of one who has cultivated his intellect, and stored -his memory. But his Will has been suffered to rust. Suddenly called on to act, he is surprised at his impotence. He reproaches himself; the player, the Norway captain — every one seems to shame him. Where intellect and feeling are required, he is great without effort. Where judgment and taste are called for, he is both sound and refined. He can plan, he can read thoughts, he cat baffle the aggressions of impertinent curiosity. But he has not cultivated his Will pari passu with his intellect. Whether ho had been early overcrowded by his uncle (a maa of talent, eloquence, and address) — whethsr he had been spoiled by the antici pation of every wish —whatever the cause, Hamlet is an instance of the importance of wiil-culture as a constituent of man. He will assume madness that he may retire into himself and observe others, himself unob served. Had jie possessed an " authentic will" he had never formed so crude and shallow a resolution. His plans would have been more ample, more connected and consecutive. He would have used that popularity which bis uncle observed with dismay and jealousy to dethrone Claudius before killing him. His will would have foreseen and have anticipated 'every difficulty. His very appeal to the court of reason (testing the Ghost by the play) is a kind of moral cowardice; he ought to have needed no corroboration of that which so completely harmonised with his own previous and recurring instincts. Hamlet lacked the authentic will, and sought in intellect for that which it can ne\>r give. "My thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth." He could have steadily put into action a train of antecedents and consequents that would have consigned Claudius to a dungeon, and thence ttf the block. No need to sully his own bauds. Did Mary Stuart fire the train in Kirk o' Field ? No! Did she even plan, direct, or aid the process? No. What then? She looked at the brutal mad bull, Both well, as only she could look; she told him with the eye what the eye tells better than the tongue, she took care that Bothf ell should know the wretched degraded etate of the miserable Darnley. She " knew nothing"—not she. She knew the brUtfc she ogled to be in that mad state when 50 murders are as nothing. Yet she perse vered till her poor husband was released, and perhaps the murder was humane. Of the death she willed, Bothwell was the instrument, and her Will the primary cause. A shrewd Scottish lassie wa3 once taken to task by her minister that she neglected to use her influence over her " Joe" to cure him of his habit of swearing. " Well, Meeniater," said the plucky wench, "I'll no say that swearin' is pairfeckly scrip tural, but ye maun admit that it gives, at times, an unco braw garnish to mair solid conversation." But, my friend, there is no solid nourishment in it. These impreca tions, denunciations, and references to warm climates, sulphur-teeming, are, in reality, proofs of a weak Will. Micawber gave Traddles his 1.0. U., then sat down content, feeling he had paid him. So the swearer delivers over to Satan his refractory or troublesomo customer, and then (after the necessary nobbier) feels he has done his utmost duty. Both are proofs of the weakness they con fess. Give me the man who, in the moment of disappointment, can command his facial muscles as well as his tongue, and, dog gedly cool, sit down to his desk or his shop, to remedy, to retrieve, to rebound. Give me the man who blames only himself for unforeseen betrayals. What thou wert. my fancy made thee, What thou art, I know—in time. Let me conclude with two instances of strength of Will in a good cause, by two of the most uncolonial men I ever read or heard of—viz., Arthur, Duke of Welling ton, and Dr. Samuel Johnson :— 1\. The Duke was in Paris after the battle of Waterloo, closely and anxiously occupied, Madame Recaraier united to all the taste, tact, and toilet appliances of Josephine, a beauty far beyond even the aspirations of the Creole, and a symmetry of form before which the sculptors bowed. Beyond dress and beauty ahone the tact that diffused ease and comfort, shone the mind and soul, inspiring the sense of re finement and elevation. Wellington saw through Madame de Stael, whom be thought too prononcte and theatrical, but the charms of Recamier subdued the con queror and softened the statesman. He resolved on ceasing to visit those reunions he so much enjoyed. Man-like, he wrote to her avowing the truth that his morning hours of business must no longer be haunted by visions of grace and beauty grace the more enchanting from its purity aud elegance ; beauty the more bewitching from the mental harmony it breathed forth, radiated, and diffused around. He had re solved to go no more. 2\. Behind the scenes of Drury-lane Kitty Clive, by her sharp sense, amused surly old Sam Johnson. Her success drew around the stage youu^dr l:.oaris, and fairer, seeking bis notice- Wi£. emulative smiles and blandishment^ Davy," said he to Garrick, " I'll come no more here. Your white busts and well-turned ankles excite in me that which I had thought to be dormant—my amorous propensities.'* These two examples of true and genuine will I offer with a thorough conviction that they are not likely to find many imitator*. But as throughout I have thought more of avoiding snags and holes than of showing off my skill or speed, I may, perhaps, be thought to have vended the shrewd old words of my motto by the Bushman who has so often practically experienced their truth.— Australasian. 