THE PORT INSTITUTE. TO THE EDITOR. I am, Sir, &c.;, NORTHERN AREAS. I am, Sir, &c.;, C. MURCKE. Sir-Feeling some interest in the Port Adeleide Institate must be my e [?] for troubling vou with the following effusion. The Value (£3,000 placed an the of land given by the placed grant given by Qovemmest ia quite ridiculous. I feel eerjbson ne lanAin the Port would realise per Boot, whtoh, at that ngure. would make the valne jast one-half, or £1,800 The comer block of land adjoining ifce raSljmiy tarmmmi was sold lately by Townsend, Botttng, aad 00. for £12 10*. per foot, and I eon 4 ier that block quite as valuable. Anotter thing that should be considered Is that the Port Institute will lie more national than Iqml, inasmuch s* it will be useful to oaptalns, sailon, and othen vititisg the fort, nnd shonH, therefore, b* put on a dlffereiit footing from ail other tnatfhrtes. The inhabitant, of Pert Adelaide are chiefly working men, and cannot be expeWed to rtbseribe largely., Ia fact,? great eftirt aas already been nuade bj. ' the people hare, anA so Tar ?I can see, it Will be impossible to raise the balance to complete thebnfldinc. niesi E2.5T0 be Totfd by Pailii ■nsrt. n snoold «lso be borne in mind that the whole foundation and building mast be eonstnmted at ones, as owing to the artificial fenadatioai required at the Port, no aiditioa to the balding eau aftecwsrOs be erected. As rt«aras the grant ef land to ihe Institute. I tatntrtt n no adequate Bompensatinu for 4he Kdtth-pafadu, which (originsfly a puMSe reserve) was taken «mt of the faandstC the Corporation by Act of Pirliunent, and from which the sWrwsoif vceeGsc '« large, revenue, sms? that 9M*ttnd?restrKi>dmei*ftoPtrrt A&LMu; I am. Sir, at, wiuiam Qunr. Qwju?stown, September JX j WORTHKRW RAILWAYS. '' ' xti tKi Bnfda. i Sir—On reading your report of the debates en thit subject fa your me of this morainf I was torprt-ed at ihe statements made by -the member for Tight with regard to the extension of the Hoyleton tine. He says, in reply to Jfr. Brassy, whb stated he wooii prefer a line boa Clare to Ka^ina, that the simple ansWer was the engineering dfimcalties. Then In jthe nett sentoaee he wishes the Government to take the tint to Armagh orAshferd. Kowlthe former of th«sefAae?su in the ranges, wtfhin abaoi Aiee miles oTOste and once reach t jat pUce withaHae ef rsflwayTrom t*e westwi rf f lts>ineipat engmeWing oS?euHies are « er wSatrfaTieMag «he Haete Cure, ishfor !ti •a rW plans, and ik the plaK U where tb« Oovtrameat has surveyed tfc? ntie. The ;wo some Meven miles apart, Armftgh at a right angle to the direction the line runs, and about four Mutes distent from the line. Then on the dScnssion which took plaes] on the merits at fact IVr«wMan and Port FsHe, there appears a great wasit wt informatibn. Won* of the *s>ealMa ssipsar to ham any tab w ledieewfaitharplaee. ttt. West ftsfciae fcyed —■■I walJ Isokattoeadvisntstwiof ijort guss—sa; and Mr. Pearae, «rhv aetam tot b* «he«tawVa<u. states that Pert PMe helds fche mm puslsisa to fart Pergwssoa — the WoHh Aim does to Pert AdthHe. ~ Tls\lh«s^.w9<Jsth«aittt«Bnt teas^#edto^«-in?wsUiUs?Ktd,forthel^a. i MeaO?rs?as* nave aatoksw washout aayka#w todgewf the aabjet wantnTsr. j tamiimssw to •*• ssertts ef the |w« alaws^ Isjftll'uie haa ssHTsaaaoe ef wtaarf Ewbhcm to the atream, with pteatrT«f lassn to etvet store Meessmodat- on; md ■bawU the ehsnuel regain ? Wde deW esaag H «an easily U dona, cis the bottom Is if It if ii ir i iifc?M r i"' •an «a assaawldeehw wharfsVwTr'ort Fergus wan vwsMwntieejalrea Jeets-aboat one mile Miissirtft This weaM nave to bo o?n •tmotodwa ? beach with * very herd rock asttom, —dafterthe aoaatraetssa «f the |*ty ttwe^dwMavsadttghteragetooveiwMvess^U It weald give aaadvaatoge of abeat tw« mi'?« f- "itna-r to the astofeotage over Port Firie. This advantage ia distaeee womld swt redaca twaiamwefUgatenge. There am m?ny #sa4- Tsatwfss s<<Mhsil to Port F?rgunoa, eaoh as ss^esfsr etsrwi and getting apntsiitiLsto them. and ethers toe namecsmsto demit wheh Port Fine awsss?ses, JBdeaendeat of the rnxgn sum thatwemw he reqaiiea to saury e«t the works at Part reswasaoa, say at the very least £60,000, whenas at Port Pirn the whole of the required fteiUtiai wemld be earned oat by private entw- Theimportsnce of thai aabjeet must be my exsa«f« troubling yoa, I am, Sir, kc, PRTTATB BTTBKPsUSE. ' fleptemberl7. TO in HlMi Sir—Tear sstrospondent "Tabsl Cam" most be a veryaelnah man « he is really ia earnest in whataepujpusta lu.tastthereehonldbeonly one line of rsflwayin Be«th Australia wapported byOoverasoent. ItUsk.Sir, it isanevide?oe ef the advasiDsment of the estony that so many lines ef nflor tramwayare aeosmi?f natenary. 1% Uptwpostsrous to think that a« Hue of nil Is to sot the whole ef the «alany.er Oat b*. eaant wearefers,i?a«% leu expeasive route we have no right to ask for Government assistanca. Farmer* on these anas took ap land with the s?o^ctaoduigthatGovennmrtwouM provide them with owane toaoavey their prodamtoa ■Karket. I believe it fa an uaduistimi-thing that a eartaia portiaa ef the proceeds of laud sales shall we spent is roakiag rends to that land; aad sarelyineuespfeoocwpyisw, that land bam the beat right todetermiae which way it ikallca. The avenge distance of theseanas is, say, 28 mOea from Pert Pirn; to Adelaide by land as proposed by your correspondent, say, ISO miles. Cost of conveying protooe, accord ing to pisssnt tariff, to Port Pirie, 3d. per bnahel; to Adelaide, l«d. AllowingM. freight from Pert Pirie to Part Adelaide, would still leave «d. per bushel in favor of Port Pirie—a dif ference sufficient to retard or e?aoarage wheat growing to a great extent—fcut should the bulk 1 of the wheat from those anas be shipped direct from Port Pirie—which there is eotthesKga est doubt it will—the oUtaeoee U favor of the grower wiO ac still greater. I think those who eak *j? to enbstitate tbe long bad Soe forth* short one to the nearest part must be ignor&at; of the position of the areas. lam aware then «M many nemons like "Tnhsl Osin," whe would like to have every mil er tramway terminate at JPart Adelaide. Tesjrwanmmondent is very kind Mien he says, if these short lines are necessary, let them he made by private enterprise. Per. ■taptintaafeouraeof 10 or ? yean it mif/H be 4eae bj prints enterprise; but in the mean Urn* we are to shift ea beet we c*o, and get our iMrodnee aarted at rates that leave email profit to tike m?n<?, while the mone; received fcr land on the areas goes to extend the Northern Rail way far the gratification of a few persons like "Total Cain,'' f«r, remember, we do not want an extension of that line. The produce of these areas will find the nearest route to the seaboard, and it would be jut as sensible to try and make water run up tafU v to try tad divert this t raffle any other way. lam pleased to see the' Go vernment have brought is ay BUI this session to eanatraettlte line aa far aa the " Brook ;" and, although them ia a great diversity of epuvao aa to the route it should take after leaving there, the farmen are BB^nimonaly is favor of Port Pirie aa the terminus. In conclusion, Sir, I cannot help ttiinlrine that we have to be very eantioua of those friends who, " when *; aak for hcuid would give as a stone." DR. MUeCKEAXDTHEUNNB SOCIETY. TOTHSBSHOB. Sir—For the sake of a matter of great impor tance I feel myself bound t a ask you to puMiah (trith permission of the writer) the following letter, wfci<-h was kindly addressed to me by Baron v. Muller, the celebrated botanist, who is r^eognUad aa aa authority by the greatest scientific men, as well ma by Universities had learned Societies, and wboaa opinion on my treatise oa take-all will, doubtlessly be of hither value than that of a literary mv, named A. Mutler. who, by the manna' of faia writing at once showi what bind of person he Is. IMilswyn-street, South Tarn, 26th August, 1673. Having perceived, dear friend, thai your important treatise on a kind of root- rot of «n has «jven the Linee Society cause t? diverse differences of opinion, I consider ittny aacy togivsrea some detailed statements wiih regard to the fugiu to question. B'icgao? fined to the sick-room I m do it but bne?y, evei if my private Horary were to hand, winch, however, after leaving my former official i**i deuce, U not ascessible for th 9 present ■ I have not even been able to read the fall accounts of the discussion is ear German paper, and I have Bet received anything vet froia tbe U S^ regarding tha same. Pint of all, I express my sorrow that an «a fmTc i. naturalist, standing quite isolated in a far distant colony, Ims not been treated with more kind consideration, even if tow iavesti gationa had not been of the high importance which every just man mutt assign to them. I can very will f*el with yea how moeh yon had toharan yourself wi:hoat aU advice oc talp; and you. dear friend, will aba have perceive i with what great difficulties I have had to grapple without .the aid of a mnaeam. or of complete libraries. If I had not sacrificed aU my private property to obtaim the necessary means and work* for assistance, my researches could never have assumed a self-dependent character. Besides, your pamphlet does no. traat on the natural philosophical detail* of an animal or vegetable parasite, but simply on tbe question of die cuue and the remedy of the com disease ; and this question is not only safficvptly, bat brilUwtly solved by you. . .1 must explain to yon now why { gave ths tangos, the sigsation which yoa adopted in. year work when yon asked my advise a few Jean ago. t knew the fungus only from year drawing, which, however, is •affoiently correct for the requirements ef approschtag kniw. ledge. I received here at several peruxlt .♦jnflc «f plants on which the fungus w*s ?iid to exist, yet no object* could be prepared from them, and I had no preparations from yourself. In order to do justice to your ques tion in the meanwhile, I compare! your draw ing with the illustration of such fungi as wer* at hand, and thought that tile one in question belonged J* jB?-e -gGW* Xenodochns, aooardiog to a system followed by Dr. Babenhorst. I was certainly well aware that the plans drawn by you differed eoasiderably bom the original Xwodochus earbonsrhis of Dr. yon Sehieehtmsat—not only as to the seat of its growth {which, with the Xenodoebas earn., is ov the leaves of the Sangujsorbesj species), but a'snln some parts of th«? structure. But then we must consider that we do not know yet tha metamorphosis of army oftheee kinds of fungus Has not the high-gi&ed; and persevering Or. De?ary only a few years ago found out that the PneouHa graminia, known these 3,«00 years a* nit, change into stadiums ef Accidmnt, appearing ac aaoh on shrubs. And so is many an Oidium bat a stadium of die Erniph^ speake, In order to prove to you that tile fungus ef the rootrot v wegj m-mUt to that of many fjirmarml Cesrifeua, aad snaj very well be .classified with them, as I have done, I beg to lay before' you a drawing ef the Xeae doehns ligniperda, from Dr. Wfflkomm'a work, so that jou may judge for yoane'f. I did not Utend to e*pnM myself on this fungus otherwise than preluninarily, Hadnotifiingly. asl ooald not exparisteat on origi?at specimens, t would also have to spend several handled pounds from my salary exclu sive?* am rayealogieal works, to carry oat a theroagh investigation of this kind. I bare spent nearly a thomnaJ pounds eat ef my own aneket on Mendae works; yet I could sot afford to bestow so mash snnncy upon « single braaeh as that ef myoology. I oaly mention this to show yon that, cotwithstaading my eoormors and ruinous private sacrineos, in many sases f stand jnst a* htlplumlj as you. da In addition to this I must tell yea that the fungus will be treated apse U the last velum*, i c, the ten, of the Australian Flora. For this reason T tin postponed the eearehias stody and the purchase of the necessary works till the time when I oei*iaenee the 9th volume. However, cvea the greatest experts are net always in pos sessioa ef every part of the naseasary litera rat*. .Even my veoemblefriend, Professor Buokley, was not aware of WDlkomm'a work (of which I eaaloTC to yon aa extract aad sketches referring to the matter in question) on Osnodoohas Ugajperda, and had to ask me *boat it. The noble man, notwithstanding his magmnesat and ma?terly performances and toils, chicly devoted to the fungi, for 40 years, eoaaet Boaster every treatise. With regard to some possible defeats or partly iaoorreotness of yourdrawiac*, you may aad «an nonsolo your self verr well, if yon remember tha* even ear venerable friend. Professor Shrenherg, de sarined some organs in several Deswidiaec? which arose fram a delusion. My indisposition does not permit me to go to further details ia this matter at prssent. But should you wish any further particulars, I shall be gbd to answer any question at far as it v ia my power. How almost endless, mistakes, even of great masters, are to be cleared ap yet, became very j apparent to me last week, when I treated the KeHJaor* for the 7th volume of the Flora. I shall soon send yen the prints of my work, Yo*um.fcc., Fkbo. tost Hdujb. TOUNG L4WTBRS. TO THK dHXOK. Sir—ln the coarse of the debate yesterday in the Legislative Council on the Northern Tern, tery Jsutiee Bfl1. the Hon. W. Fsrtdn is re ported to have sail, "It wn a question what we should do with all oar young lawyers, but he did not want to plane upon the northern. Territory burdens heavier than it oould boar." May I ask the Honorable W. Parkin whe ever made it a question " what we should do with all our yoang lawyers?" Has any young lawyer ever applied to our moat gracious paternal Government, or to My Lords the honorable memben of the Legislative Council, to be shipped off to the Northern Territory or otherwse provided for? If not; Mr. Parkin mast himself hays raised the ghost he seems enable to exorcise. I have heard a most serion* question mooted, namely, " What was to t«- done with all our ' members ef Parliament?" and some of the I latter have furnished their solution of the problem by proposing that they should rteetre .saWiesaat of ihe public purse. When young lawyers also begin to put for ward modest demands of this nature it will be quite time enough far honorable Sskambers to i etisqaia* «kea?aelve? with apeenlationa like those of Mr. Parkin. 1 am, Sir, &c;, A TOITNO LAWTBB. Adelaide, September 24. 