THE MERCURY. MONDA T MORNING, JUNE O, 1S7S. WE aro within a week of tho opening of a session of Parliament that, when the Houses were last sitting, we were led to believe would be the most pregnant with great results of any session sin co the inauguration of responsible govern- ment ; and what aro now our hopos ? Ho must bo a sanguino person who expects much fruit from all the seed-times of promise we have had, and he must either have peculiar sources of information, or bo more than ordinarily apt at reading the signs of tho times, who will pretend to predict, with any confidence, the probable line of conduct to be followed by Ministers. The general public has ceased to attempt to solve the problem of the great mystery in which ¡ all parties in Parliament-Ministers and Oppo I sition alike-have wrapped themselves ; and it says little for tho confidence in which the Government of the day is held that public opinion chiefly tends to the belief that the principal aim of those who have to guide the deliberations of Parliament will be directed more to what is necessary to retain Government in office, than to what the Country requires. It is true public affairs cannot be altogether ignored. Government could not exist a day after Parliament meets without bringing under its notice matters affecting the public weal ; but the general opinion is that these will be so directed us to serve the interests of the gentlemen in office ; that, in a word, they will not adopt any bold or comprehensive scheme ; but, introducing only what is sure to prove a safo gamo, and postponing everything on which there is likely to bo such diversity of opinion na to lead to danger in the guidance of tho Stato ship, will bo found without any fixed policy. Wo aro not prepared to adopt this extreme surmise as to the intentions of Govern- ment ; and wo aro led to judge thom more hopefully for two reasons. Parliament and the Colony are impatient of tho lot-alono policy which has so much prevailed in the conduct of our public affairs-in saying this we refor not alono to tho present Ministers-and tho whole circumstances in which tho Colony is placed, and in which Government obtained office, so imperatively demand decided action in some direction on the part of Ministers, that not to take it, would be to invite a vote of no con- fidence in themselves. The finances of the Colony must bo placed on a footing of ?permanent soundness ; and it would bo political suicide on the part of Ministers not to attempt it. Whether they will procped the right way to work is another question. But that they will initiate some schomo ought not to be doubted. Their possession of office depends on it. That is one reason why we do not join in the anticipa- tions of do-nothingness on the part of Govern- ment. Our other reaaon for not despairing of thoir making some bid for popularity and power, is the little danger there will be in the attempt. What have they to fear? There is no disguising the fact that they are a rope of sand without any principles in common, or bond of union beyond the tie of a common personal interest, that acts like a casing in preventing the disuniting of the particles. But the tube that holds the sand need not bo very strong. If there bo no internal element of weaknoss ; if there be sufficient foundation on which to rear such a structure as will not fall to pieces from its own superincumbent weight, we see nothing, assuming the exercise of ordinary tact and discretion on the part of Ministers, to provent their preparing the prorogation speech with more confidence than they will that which is to bo read on the 17th inst. We do not say that we have sufficient confidence in them, as a whole, to deaire this ; but we may not dispute its great pro- bability, and wo recognise this fact with tho less concorn that we feel assured that if they do retain office it will be by tho exercise of that tact und discretion on which so much depends, and which will bo beat exemplified in repressing wild and visionary schemes, devised for indi- vidual glorification, regardless of the distant consequences. We have had too much of that ii» tho past, and wo have had to pay the penalty in increased interest on debentures. Wo have had further indications recently of a threatened outbreak of the same monomania ; but wo fancy there is sufficient ballast on board, to prevent tho danger from too great a spread of canvas, and to assura us that tho habit of determining public questions from an individual standpoint will bo reprossed. The present Government must know full well that they cannot retain office without giving some indications of progression and action. We know not what direction tlioy may follow, but they must do something ; and it will be their own blamo if they do not effect that something in such a manner as will servo thoir own interests, enabling thom to retain office ; and also benefit tho public interest. In proof of our statement that if there is sufficient concord among them- selves they have little to fear from assaults from without, we havo only to call attention to the still greater stato of disorganisation in which the non-Ministerial party-we cannot call them Opposition-are. Wo know as little of what they propose doing, as wo do of tho intentions of Ministers ; and probably for this reason, that they also ure without any bond of union, waiting and watching for the development of the Ministerial schome, to thwart it or lick it into the propor- tions they may think most shapoly. This may be a safeguard to the Colony, but it is not enough to commend those who pursue it to public favour; and for this reason, that in leaving office the Into Ministers were not found occupying a posi- tion which they can ask the publie to help them to recover. We disapproved of their oxpulsion from office, because we did not believo that the occasion was opportune ; still more because the agency employed was not above suspicion ; but especially becauso we felt that the coalition of the now men was unnatural, and their guidance therefore could not be a safe one-; becauso, in a word, it was impossible to place confidence iu thom. To act from conviction is to Ministers au impossibility. Their policy can j bo neither more nor less than ono of expe- diency ; and though such a motive is not con- ' soling, leading IIB to be thankful that we luve I a party to wait and watch them, we feel that a cautious and discrcetMiuistry may,in our presout circumstances, follow it without much fear of forfeiting their seats. Were we as much inclined now to have the present Government ejected from officeas we wereopposed to their acquiringit, what advantage could we promise ourselves, or hold out to the Colony ? The circumstances of the Colony require a. reduced expenditure and an increased revenue. That position of permanent soundness in our finances, desired in a recent 1 vice-regal speech, cannot be acquired by either course singly. Both must be combined. The late Ministers did not seo their way to a reduc- tion. Our prison systom thoy would not remodel ; our charitable systom thoy could not. In reference to an increase of expenditure the late Ministers were equally impracticable. They first attempted a charitable rate, obnoxious as a j class tax, and as throwing the burden on those , noten trusted with the expenditure. An indignant Parliament would none of that proposal ; and then Ministers would have resorted to that Property and Income Tax against which the Colony had decidedly protested. Whether they could have produced another fiscal scheme wo know not. They were allowed no oppor- tunity then, and they have not propounded any better policy since. In such circumstances the present Ministers have, if they are wise, ! but to profit by the lesson which the career of their predecessors is calculated to teach. We do not suppose they will repeat the blunder of a special rate ; and as the Colony would not have an Income and Property Tax from the WHYTE Ministry, nor from tho WILSON Ministry, we should hardly expect Mr. INNES lo be reck- less enough to attempt it, even should his colleague, the MINISTER OF LANDS, be prepared to again sacrifice office on the shrine of direct taxation, rather than have recourse to " relics of barbarism." Ministers have to avoid the quick- sands that proved too powerful for their prede- cessors. Rather than receive back the late Ministers with their class tax or their Income Tax, the people will endure the present men if they are prepared to carry out a proper retrenchment, and to adopt a sound means of increasing the revenue. Are the present Ministers thuB capable ? We wish we had greater assurances of this than we have yet beon vouchsafed. _a J_ WE have in our London telegram, published this morning, a repetition of tho announcement of Her Majesty having been pleased to do honour to the late Chief Secretary of Victoria ; and if it serve no other purpose, it affords us the gratification of knowing how much of late The Times ia taken up with Australian affairs ; for the opportunity is taken advantage of to expose tho fact that even The Times may be presumptuous and ignorant. It may be, as The Times asserts, that the honour conferred on Sir Charlea Gavan Duffy is well merited ; for the Knight of Sorrento is a very different person from Mr. Duffy of *' Young Ireland " notoriety ; and the Minister of the Crown, who has sworn to be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty the Queen, and to defend her to the utmost of bia power against all conspiracies and attempts whatever made against her person, crown or dignity, is avery different person from the gentleman who was silly enough to declare himself " a rebel to the backbone and spinal morrow ;" and therefore few will grudge him his new dignity. The incident should have a wholesome influence, since Sir Charles Gavan Dufl'y'a present position should prove not only a powerful incentive to a life of loyal truth and usefulness, but a warning against the follies of the course he had abandoned. All this may be true, and to this extent The Times may bo right ; but we feel assured the "Thunderer" has com- mitted a mistake in censuring Viscount Canterbury for the very proper stand His Excellency took when Mr. Duffy, after his ill-judged boast of speaking to the people over the head of Parliament during those popularity-hunting expeditions that made him and his colleagues the laughing stock of Victoria, was defeated in the Assembly. The Times could only have como to the conclusion it has announced in great ignorance of the circumstances. It is not enough to argue the point on the abstract test of practice or precedent, though these were satisfactorily shown to be against Mr. Duffy. There was in the circum- stances that led to Mr. Duffy's defeat a unanimity of opinion rarely to bo met with. The Colony had nioBt emphatically pronounced against giving Mr. Duffy the power he asked. For once there were scarcely two opinions among the Press : and had His Excellency complied with the request made by the then Chief Secretary, he would have descended from his position of umpire to that of partisan. It is satisfactory to sec so much interest taken iii Colonial mattera by the English Prcas. It ia particularly gratifying to find The Times abandoning ita sneering and contemptuous tones, and realizing the fact that the Colonies are an integrant and important portion of the British Empire. We must for a timo lay our account with errors and misrepresentations arising from imperfect knowledge of the Colonies and their affairs ; but with a growing interest thore will arise more accurate knowledge, till Colonial matters become as familiar to the London Press as is now tho local government of au English county. SOME of the addresses presented to His Excellency Sir George Bowen, the now Governor of Victoria, at the levee ou the anniversary of Her Majesty's birth- day, have beon commented upon by the Melbourne Press. The newspapers very properly object to the importation of any sectarianism into any public ceremonials other than cleric, and the principal sinners in this particular instance are the Bishop of Melbourne, tho Dean, and a number of clergymen of the Church of England. lu their address they inform His Excellency that he " will find tho Church of England hero neither possessing, nor desiring to possess, any exclusive privileges ; but earnestly desiring, though with very inadequate means, to meet the demands of the multitudes who have grown up around her, and, wo trust, witnessing for the same truths -which have raised England to her present position among tho nations." This expression would be all very well in its proper place, but the fittest occasion for its utterance waa certainly not the levee, at which a now Governor waa for tho first time to como into contact with tho inhabitants of the Colony ; and when all that was called for was a hearty congratulation from all classes of the community. The Roman Catholio portion of tho population of Victoria would certainly take exception to this part of tho address of the Bishop, Dean, and clergy of the Church of England, and herein lies the objection to it. Tho Wesleyau body have also been laughed at for informing His Excellency that they aro " deeply sensible of the great privileges of civil and religioua liberty they enjoy under tho sway of our beloved Queen." It has been suggested that they might just as well have ¡informed the Governor that two and two wore four, or that the world was not flat, aa have thought it necessary to roiuiud him that tho colonists of Victoria enjoyed civil and religious liborty. Judge Barry, who presented tho address from the Mel- bourne University, is very justly accused of having sot an oxnmplc of " verbosity and Johnsonistic re- dundancy which it would be well not to encourage for the future," while tho " Australian Natives" have been quietly adviaod not to blow so much. There ¡s no doubt that thero was a great deal of gushing nonsense in most of tho addresses that were pre- sented to His Excellency ; and this will in all pro- bability always bo tho caso while the fashion of smothering newly arrived Governors and distin- guished visitors mular an avalauoho of foolscap and illuminated parohmeut continúes. But it is to tho introduction of anything of a sootorian or party character that wo object, and wo hope that the next timo such a thing is doue, those who maka such a bluuder will receive a good snubbing. If the churches are allowed to present addresses of a sectarian character, and will not drop the shop even upon such au occasion as the reception of a now Governor, wo shall soon have addresses from the various political associations, all giving IÍÍB Excellency their own particular views on things in i general, and hailing bim almost na one of themselves, AFTER LIFE'S FITFUL FEVEH.-Our Sorell corres- pondent calls uttontion to the rcmurkablo fact that within the lust twelve months, six paupers havo died in that municipality, whose united ages umounted to 4SI, tho average age of each being thus fully 80 years. Tho fact sponka volumes for the climate. Even had thoy who havo " passed the bourne " been nurtured in luxury, and had ull the comforts and appliances that many enn command for prolonging life, the circumstance would have been worthy of comment; but it ia indeed remarkable wbon it is remembered that these six Outogonariuns havo for years subsisted on the pittance allowed to paupers. All that *' ago aoho and pining can lay on nature " was their lot, and yet did thoy reach an age allotted to, few. SUNDAY ArrEitxooN- LECTURE.-The Rev. J. W. Simmons delivered the second uf tho series of Sunday afternoon lectures in the Town Hall yestordny, to a largo assemblage, air. Alderman Rheuben presided. Tho subject of the locluro was " Sketches ot Charac- ter." Tho discourse was based almost wholly on the importance of forming a proper analysis of the cha- racter of those around us before we attempt to say anything about that character. The reverend gentle- man showed how much unhupplnesB was caused by a spirit of detraction, by persons traducing either directly or indirectly to Borne Iriend the churacter of some one with whom the friend is intimately acquainted, and thus instilling poison which silently works its way and causes a great deal of misnry. He showed how this cankering poison could be intro- duced into a family, causing coldness and suspicious ness to take the piuco of warm-hearted sympathy and love; and how much could be done by a kind word. If one could not say a kind word about those around us, then let us not Bay anything. The rev. leoturer put a number of supposititious cases to show the evil . etfect of this spirit of detraction, and also introduced ! some apposite anecdotes. Tho lecture was listened to with groat attention, the subject being popularised I as much as possible, so as to meet the tastes of all present. At the close, Mr. Simmons unnounced that next Sunday he would talk about " Uncle Tom's j Cabin." SAIIBATII SCHOOL AVMXEIISAUA -Sorvioesin con- nection with the anniversary of the United Methodist Free Church Sabbath behool were hold in tho Ebenezer Chapel yesterday The pastor, the Rev J M Bayley, preached m the morning, aud the Rev T E O Mell in the evening The congregation in the evening was a tolerut*'y~iuiinorous onu lu the afternoon the obildien of the sohool wera examined by the pastor, and acquitted themselv es very creditably A tea mooting takes place to morrow ovening Cumien OF ENOLANO, GLENORCHY -A meeting of the panshioners is convened for this evening, at half past seven, in the public souoolroom, O Brien s Bridge ST JOHN'S ASSOCIATION -Tho members of St John's Association, Macquarie street, are to meet thiB ovening, in the schoolroom, ut half past seven, on important business ROYAL SOCIETY -The usual monthly meeting of tbe Royal Society of Tasmania will be held at the Museum to-morrow evening at half-past seven o clock CITY POLICE COUUT-The only case before the City Court on Saturday waa that of James McNeil, who was fined 20s Cd, with the alternatee of a month's imprisonment, for disturbing the peace in Buthurst-street, on Inday night PLNCII AND 3vv\ AT THE AsiLuw-On Suturdoj afternoon an entertainment WIIB given by some gentlemen to the children of the Quean's Asylum, New Town The entertainment consisted of the good old English "show ' of " Punch and Judy," which WUB performed by the same gentlemen who I rendered the characters of this inimitable trngcdv so j udmirnbl) a few weeks ago in town On Saturday, | however, we missed the Showman, whose pipes und drum and general attire-to FHJ nothing of the hutroroiiB diuloguo hetwoen him and Mr Punch formed such u marked feature on a previous occa- sion Wo thought, ton, that the immortal hero of the play had either procured a new nigger to sing the songs, or else that Sambo was not in such good voice as when last wo heard him Mr Punch was as jovial and rollicking as i vor , the damp wcuther had not in the least affected tho dulcet tones of that voicn which wo nover lum without being carried back to the pleasures ot our boyhood m the old country, nor was his spirit moro capable of being subdued than ot yore , but upheld, wo suppose, by that stioug armour ugaiiibt calamity - mini nui conseil ititi-ho uvorcomes all obstacles until he is at 1 ist ovcrawod by tho introduction of siincrnatural agent ) 1 ho performance was he irlilj appreciated by thu children, and thou interest sus tinned fioin tho fust misfortune, whun tho bah) turn bles out of tho windon, till the BCBIIO in which the injudicious und too confiding Jai k Ketch is vicari ouslv luid in what Mr Pundi terms the " coffee box After the conclusion of the play, the children, at tho suggestion ot the Principal, guvu three cheers for the performers FOOTBALL -The match between the New Town and City Clubs came off on Saturday on the ground kindlv lent by James Lord, Lsq , New Town-load, and resulted in a victor) for the foinior, that team having kicked three goals the hitter club not suc- ceeding in kicking one 'Ihu gods were kicked bj Messrs Harold and Howard Wright and G 1' Penny Ot tho pla) it may bo Bald that it wus any- thing but satisfactory tho state of the weulhor und the ground preventing unv good displa) on either side It is onl) fair to the City men to Buy that they were placed under considerable disadvantages first, thoy wero three good men short, mid second, tho stato of the ground was much in favour of tho Now Town team, thoy being, IIB II rule, much heavier than the Town men Perhaps n wold of advice to the lasl-numed club mij not bo o it of piuco Wa should recommend tin m to pay more attention to what thoir captain sajs, and go in for moro Sjstcmntia practice Great crodit is duo to Mr Chapman, tho captain of the New Town club, for tho wa) ho manages and places his men Mr Edmundson is nlso a very nblo captain, but Ins men havo bardi) yet leurned to heed what ho su) s in the field AN INCFNTI%E TorviiMFiis-Wo constantly hoar grumblings about the dccadcnco of our farming interest The soil is cither exhausted, or it will cost too much to bleak in now land Wo havo an nuswor to the former statement in a largo mangold, sent us from Ellonthorpe Hull hy Mr William Brown, and which, ho says, " had no forcing b) artificial means, but lustthe rain from henven "Te mangold Bint us weisin 3S lb , nnd though no fewer than eleven tops sprang irom it,vveii>hing,root and top, C4 lb , the root isa line sohl one without flaw or protuberance to spoil Its appearance or mar its value It had many companions of about equal ei/o in u plot ot ground of about throo 'quarters of an acre This fact should convince desponding and negligent farmers thnt the earth will yield its increase if they onlv givo it n fair trial 'IIIF ItvniiiT TIIADE-Eight or ten months ago our correspondent, " Die Ghost ut Lowe's Park, prophesied that tho rabbit, though 'bon complained about as a pest b) our farmers, would ultimately prove a gift of Providonco in a littlo way This fore- telling has now become realised, for, as wo men- tioned last week, a rabbit trade has bean established, and acores upon scores of fine health) bunnies are brought to tho cit) day by day The two lads from the Black Brush, who started the adventure, have met with competitors, for another cart appeared in the market on Saturday Both carts, however, sold out at u shilling a eouplo to privute purchasers, but shops wore allowed a reduction One of the carla held, " swaggering " on the saplings across it, no less than nineteen dozen und these wero sold bofoio noon for £,!> 14s Not n bad da) s work for two l)0)s, a grey pom, and a ricket) old. chaise cart BuTciiEit» BFWAUF '-A cit\ tradesman writes - "Not long ago you repotted tho cases of two thefts from the butchers shops, the one of a log of poik, the other of halt ii pi¿ s head In both instituons the thieves were convicted and received sentences, but not so cruel as that of the poor lad who struck tho imperious gnol constable who hud dooral him with his baton-seven da)s *sohtar) confinement1 " Ino examples intliopoik stealing cas s, however, eeeiu to havo proved of littlo effect upon tho predator) wondorois of Livprpaol-street, for on Saturday night last a now and shuro s\ stem of moat stealing was adopted Instead of carry ing oQ the whale joint, tho plun was to sbavo off with a keen knife choice slices of the best beet from tho quarters of the carcases that hung on the hooks in front of the shops The " patty," whoever hu was, also treated the round haunches of a fine fat Loicostor in the snmo munner, but the cuts wore j iggcd onus, owing, no doubt, to the operator s hurry, or his want of skill in the soionco of i unatomy Al it was hovvovor, the thief ¿ot olean off with the mutton, and no doubt a» he stole away under the verandahs on that ahadv side of Iho street he shouted out, within himself, " hoo-ray ' LisTuitiiANCF IN TjivEmooL BTOFPT -On Saturday evening about 10 o clock a mun named Frank Berry* n PruBStnn, wus causing a disturbance in tho Criterion Hotol, mid had attracted a largo crowd out- side Dotcctive Simpson went in to arrt'Bt him, hut his efforts wore frustrated b) some of the mob There was a good deal of souflling, nnd Simpson would havo rocoived moro than u few bruises had not sergeant Mnum and constable Elliot gone to his assistance Beiry was thon taken uwav to tho watchhoiiBO, but as it was found ho hud roceivid in I unes about the hoad, ho was tal on to the hospital He will probably bo brought beforo the Bcnoh this morning I.STKitcoLoxiAL PLOUOHINO MATCH.-Tho Match 1 Oommitten mot at the Crown Inn, when tho only business done was the reuding of a letter from Mr. Campbell, Secretary to Ibu Geelong Agricultural | Society,stating that the day for holding tho Champion Mutch would bo finally decided on tho 5th, whon full particulars would bo forwarded. It WHB docidod that upon receipt from Mr. Campbell of information of tho time and place of holding the mntob, tho ooinmittes should bo summoned to make final urraugnmontH for sending representatives. SIIOOTIN« MATCIIHS.-On Saturday next, a shooting matoh comes off at Loman Springs for a black maro ; sixteen members at £1, five birds each. Thero will ulao be a Bweupstiiko for £5 by ton members at 10s. On Thursday, tho 19th Juno, a match takes place at Malton Mowbray, between McBsra, Littlechild, Wravor, and Jarvis, on one aide, and Messrs. G. Kemp, S. Wella, and H. Wood on the other, for £20 u side. A double-barrolled gun will also be shot for by 2G members at 10s. onoh. , BmoiiTON SHOOTING MATCH.-A shooting matoh is announced to tuko plaoo at tho Epsom Hotel, Brighton,,on Thursday, the 19th instant. Too prize« are a fat bullock und a fat pig. ' 