U'OMJSX AXD MCSIC. A rorciAR delusion exi ??** that all women are wha; is termed 'nui-i'.al,' and that, there fore, it behoves every girl to s|je:jil part of e.idi day in learning to j.lny on an iustruiuiiit uf music. The instiumeut chosen is al:n.-st uni versal!',' tho pianoforte; aiid tbe ho:irs lh.-it are wasted in requiring the art uf playing on it fire innumcrayl'j. After ull, irliat-conv.1.--. nfit '! The patient eud:ir.iucu of thuuaiiud-s of tea. hers, the sufferings, by uo means p.itien*. of f;i! t!:er thuu sands of girls, ijroduee results whii-h amount almost to uothins, or worse than nothing. Are the drawing-room i.ci-fonns;ioe.i of an average young lady to lij coii.-idu--.il as a satis factory result of all thr.' h.i-1. l-een go:)'.' thron^h to enable hertu mii!:u that ..ii-phiy ! Is it i.ot a fact thai ' a litl.li nni.-ii- ? i.i '.ve-.-a,-..; chcli:; i.-; t':o .-isnal for s.-.r. -! t:l!:. :?;. ! lh::f. :: il o!i!.v bociiiso Fime ;)?.: ?:? :- iini^1 :f: :. :? r-..vo:-';f v.'.ny.i timid suuls n-.Li.v \ji,\\-r:i :? -?? ;?'.?.'??; re:i: ..j:^, ? .:' a!-o much luor-.-li.-:- '.-:'?, '? . :' 1- , .i.L'.wiii.'.'-i'o.iu: pcrfiirin.iii'jL i :'..v r.oi v. ...:!i ji:-'..i:-ii-/ :?? '. T:i : j gy'.ii!)-!:-.'.! .- ex^ivii.s f ii...'/.i.y cilice! ' i'..ii:r.- i tia-;,'' or 'mo'ci-a:i::, ' w :.'ia-j such name, I .'iciliiir.'1. '.. ivl; iniiiiiij paiii.-'tiikiug, produce uo plea-UiV.'oii; ill'.1.1; ii;imi tin' ge:i'.-ivd, or indeed iij;-,:i ri:iy ivvln:1! -.-, e-cupt 'that of a sincere wish t;j -!i n --f...,..jy e:n! :;i. y be i.-i.id-j ; and the thanks w'iii-.-h iioUio'ni'.-s rei. .lire* ti bj expressed really often arc luit b.-,!:iu.s2 tin; -?:?'.-- (--r. worse still, tho duet; hnpi come to an end. The playing whicli touehe.i the hoart. v.hiuh cxprcM^some thiiiir. is sddo'.n heard. lH 11 is tifleu urged that -ill girls oughFTS learn to play, becau.-e thty can thereby contribute to the amusement of their friends or of themselves. But there ara very few girls who, after they leave school, and have their time somewhat under their control, continue to keep up the practice essential to even tolerable playing ; oud when they marry, as aruie, they give up playing altogether. If tiie universal teaching of the art of playing the pianoforte to girls produce any effects -if uiciit-il cultivation, t«e amuuiit of time spent on it might bt excused. Hut, as it is now generally taught, it t-imply gives a certain kind of exercise to the fingers, and is of jio further value. It must therefore be considered that, in perhaps the majority of cases, the time spent in learning to play is simply wasted. Wlien the number of tilings that have to be learnt during the process of education come to be considered, and the short time allowed for the school life of most girls is also remembered, we cannot but roprot that matters should be iu this condition. This Btate of things arises undoubtedly from what we must again call tho popular delusion ahout the musiciu capabilities* of girls. Parents think that, all girls can play if they are taught, and think that if a girl cannot pluy her cduca catiim has been neglected iu a most essential particular. They demand the teaching of this art from sbo»lmi/-trei-ses mid poveriiesses, end the learning of it from their children, and so the present Btate of tilings is brought about. We Are strongly of opinion that in the cases where girls show a decided deficiency of musical talent they ought not to be compelled to learn piano fore playing at nil ; and that, indeed, unless a girl hat a decided talent for music, her studies should be limited to the playing of such simple music as may be within her power to perform with taste, or to BUch dance music as may be u&eful; when * party of young folks nre met, and want some lively tunes played in good time to answer to tbe iappy niaiBurp *Ttlieir footfelh). : WaAre told lUfattho^li^ins; of men on the pianoforte is, twfi rule, much halter tiikh that m *orneu. Perhaps the pluyfttg of wsmen .WjKWlbB^tnuch 'bett*rif rowerofthom undertook It-^t /«-lt. wi|/tlj-«e who took it frfitn liking, « inflb 4o? Wwoty wot imira of making ['every boy Idarn ptayiug, whether be likes it or I not ; und why should girlfi, who' fire not inhe I i-ruiitly mdri; ' musical than boys, be' cumpelled' ,t-i a process iif learning wltnt is of little value f il'iauoforte pluyijig' in nut mi essentinl of cduca ti.ui. like re.idni!;, writing, arithmetic, or plain | needle in irk. 'Wliyj therefore, should it occupy tiinc which could be mure profitably employed t What a relief would it be to many tortured ears jf ' |n-uctisiiig' wure ntver uinrujto bo encoun tered, save in tho case of those, who had a real love for the work they were, doing ! We ha\ e carefully abstained all this time from speaking of pianoforte playing as music. The study of the one is by no means the study of the other also. Jinny people who can play know nothing at all of harmony, ami, of the. com paratively few players who do know anything of the theory of music, the fouiale pianists are not in the majority. The facts arc tuat, though women so generally learn to play, very few are. even tolerable musicians, that hardly any are great pianists, and that not one is or hits been a great composer have recently been urged upon the public attention. It has been said that music is ;t siidjeet which, all wi.iihmi lmiru, aud which is supposed to be specially suited to them — a subject the study of which is quite open to them, but one in whioli They nre not urged to perfect themselves. It has been said that. ' among the numberless points in which learned ladies urge that the education uf their sex is de ficient, they nearly always fail to mention music.' The truth, we tliiiik, is, that ladies who are in teiested iu obtaining a better education for tho members of their own .sex generally feel that loo much time is given to nominal, and too little to real music. Parents have demanded playing ; they probably would tiiink theory of music a waste of timo, and the demands of parents have made t!i-. nile. Wo o;imiot but a.Iniit the truth of the stato liii-.itlhat women are inferior to men as musi cian.-.-, both in playinc ami in knowledge of har niijiiy. T.'ic rtucly of the theory of music among fir!.* I;-'.-', luiv-.-ve:-. lvcuivud :i great impetus from the fact that a knowledge of that subject is de manded in tiie University Liic.il Examinations, and that, in point of fact, no mere knowledge of playing is i- veil tested by tuc?c examinations. \Vc iiUo know that suine of the ino-,1 iuci-essful of the tciichurs of harmony are ladies. So we liny liupo tiiat, by slow degrees, a more scientific knowledge of music than is at present possessed may lie- spread amoiy women. We cannot see that it is iu the least degree reasonable to assume that because a person is a woman therefore .she must learn music ; nor can we sec th.it it is reasonable to be angry with the incapacity of women who have been urged todo that lur which they bare little power, and even that little badly cultivated. Music has becu badly taught to women ; let it be better taught, and, though they may not equal men, they may do better. If women desire to be excellent as pianists they must be willing to give the hard work, and they must receive the careful train ing, and both these will bo thrown away unless there is ascertained talent to work upon, it is quite possible, however, that even after much training, it may be found that uo women have the highest musical art power, any more than they have taken highest rankiu any other intel lectual ways. In order to ascertain this, or to itiukc steps tuivardsascertiiiniiigit, more thorough training must be given ; and even if this docs not develop the highest geniu?, it will do much to make playing more tolcrabie to those who are compelled to listen to it— Lw.ly's .Yeiivjjiw. The prospects of the cotton crop throughout the district g morally continue (saya the Qwni-ihiud Times) to b .- most excellent, aud there is every reason to hope that those farmers — happily, this season. the majority— who have kept their laml clean will iIj well, l'iokin; — of courso prunei! buslus -lias already li'.'.-n cnuimcncixl in some localities, an I we hear that at HarrUvillc on the 10th instant the lirst cotton of tlie season was purchased fro:n Mr Benja min 3'iiuipliii;.', of Dinner t.'iimp Gully. We have not lie.ird whether any price has y-.l llLv:i fixe.l by the gin-on-uers tor thin year's ci-o;., Im; ?'.i]ipo3cth.i't it will he the same as that whieli'i u!.;il l;:st season. l'.MMTI. Di-appeauaxcc. -We Uloefcliamptuii fit'H, tin) umlerstaMil that a Mr Harris, storekeeper, at Wuslwood, has disapjjeai'Lil .lir'.er peculiar cir cumst.tnci s. It eixun t'l.-it H.-iirie, who is a married man, lost n iluu-':te:-, n child about seven .VCK--3, who died not Icniu' *!.iei!. Hu wao exceedingly foit.i hi the ehilil, mil mi tlie moruing after her j liuriul was found lyiiy mi her grave in a very piti i nlile state of grief, llu was brought home, and, liciug giv;i.tly e.\l:.iustel, Avas laid on his bed. ^UoiUy aitei-v.ai.is, however, iie was missed from tho house, nu 1 has uot been 6ceu since. Several search partiis liave boon dispatclied from Woatu-ood, but »J- to the latest accounts no trace of him has been l'ouud. Du.VTll FROM SVAI.LOWIXC. A PoUTtOX OF tiik ' WisHiKO-uosE ' of A Fowl.— A singu lar and fatal accident is reported in the Pastoral Tim'.-. Mr. H. Smith, bailiff of tlie Supreme (.'in:.*, died on Friday, the 31st January. Smith '??..-: on his way to Urana to transact some busi v. ???* - connected with his office, and on Thursday .-veiling. 23rd ultimo, arrived at the Coree .'?f-itcl, where iie stopped for the night. On Friday morning, Mrs. Botterill grilled a fowl for Mr. Smith's breakfast, nnd while eating this a portion of the 'wishing-bone 'of the fowl lodged in his throat, and defied all efforts at removaL At Mrs. liitterill's suggestion, he gargled his throat, bu!, without success. He then rode oh to Jerildeiie, sixteen miles further, and stopped at Mr. Powell's store, where he was attended by Dr. Shrapnel), unfortunately without success. Deceased did not consider his condition so seri ous, but apparently looked forward to complete his journey. Hud the sad event was quite unex pected to liis family, a portion of whom were in Deniliquin expecting to meet him, when the melancholy news of his death arrived here. On Friday afternoon deceased began to bleed copi ously. Dr. Shrapnel I was absent from Jerilderie at the time, and had been the day previously, but messengers were dispatched, and lie was soon ou the spot. Deceased sunk rapidly, and died about six p.m., having bled to death. A post mortem examination was made by Dr. Shrapncll, and, on opening deceased neck, the fragment of bone, which was about 1-i inch long, and very sharp at one end, was found to be lodged trans versely iu the throat, the sharp end penetrating the jugular veiu, and thus cau.sins death. A Novel Fly-catch eb,— In the window of Mr. Love's store, in Fitzmaurice-street, Wagga Wagga, it may be observed an altogether new thing in the patent fly-trap line. It is a mouse, and he relieves the monotony of his existence and the pangR of hunger, by stalking his game in the full light of day and sight of passers-by. When a fly of promising nppearanc* passes in j roach of the little animal, he seizes and devours ! it with considerable nonchalance and equal gusto and he has been frequenoly seen to catch a dozen in the course of as many minutes. They are, doubtless, as nourishing to his unsophisticated nature as toasted cheese to mice of less advanced tastes, ae, under the regimen, he has developed a tendency to stomach and a glossiness of hide. A peripatetic cat, intent upon dinner, espied the little fellow one day pursuing his avocation iu the window, and made n spring at him from the street* Thonlate-glass. however, interposed its protective influence, and poor puss came to Boinewhat violent grief, leaving the mouse in undisputed possession of his happy hunting ground. -Wagga Wagga Expmt. Unuisr the heading ' A Kissing Preacher,' the Jitndigo Advertiser says :— A preacher named Hugh Wason, who held forth on Sunday afternoon ii the Gamp Reserve, created Bome excitement at the conclusion of his servioesby rushing out and embracing tiie females present Alter he bud kissed four or five of them very fittrljr on tbe lips, tho ladies of bit congregation took generally to-fligbt, while the menleered at aud threatened him 2 out he managed to set awBjruHthmit setting kicked, w awmed likely atoms time. Waltkr Montgomery's Will.— The will of the late Walter Montgomery (sny.the Aiya*) w»s ', proved in the Supreuhe Court, by 'Mr. Thomas I J'avey, the Australian exdeutur. The will vvas ! made in 1868 In Melbourne, nud whs executed in 1 duplicate one copy ?being left with Mr. f'avey, I and the other sent to the English executors, Mr. ! For.iyth, of Islington, and the Rev. \V. Drake, of Orautham. Mr. Montgomery died in Sep ? tumbor, 1S71, a few days after his marriage. i This marriage if a legal one would of course revoke the will, but it appeared that the cere mony amounted to a nullity, aa the bride had 1 smother husband then living. The marriage I i being null, the will was valid. There were 11 I I few curious paragraphs in tho will. One was ' I give and bequeath to the said John Forsyth i the sapphire riug, uud one ruby and one diu- \ ntond ring, given to me on board the Galatea,' ; by his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. ? ' I 'ivo and bequeath to his Royal Highness the | Dukl'of Edinburgh the : watch-chain manufactured 1 for mi; bv Mr. Crisp, jeweller in Melbourne, the ' same wh'ich I have already offered to hid ltoy.il 1 Highness at Sydney, in the colony of New South : Wales, but which he dechired he would uot : deprive 1110 of.' ' With respect to certain sinus ; of money owing rue. by some of my friends whom I 1 have at times obliged, 1 wish the said John. : Forsyth and William Drake to insert advertise- ; ments in The Time* newspaper for about a, week ? reminding them politely of my desire and request ; for (if convenient) payment of the same It may ? be tli.it some few fnends of mine may desire i sonic little memorial of me. If so, let them give : the market price of the valuables, and the pro-.1 ceeds may bo added to aud form part of my i personal estate.' A Ghost in the Station-house.— Few pnsi tiuns iu lite can be. imagined more disagreeable than that of being imprisoned iu a huuutedcell in a police station. Tlie Xew Orleans Times tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost-infested cell iu the Fourth Precinct police .station in that I city. It appears tliitt several years ago 'ji little | old woman named Ann Murphy committed suicide by hanging herself iu this cell, and since . that eveiit no fewer than li{ persons shut up in the cell have attempted to destroy themselves in a similar manner, four of these attempts being : attended with fatal results. One of those, lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who on recovering consciousne-s declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woiiiuii, | di-ossed in a faded calico dress 'with brown jeans aud josey,'no stockings, and downtrodden slippers, with a faded handkerchief tir.l round her head. Her faded dress was bound with a sort of reddish-brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and wrinkled, while. 0:1 the fourth fiiiKor of her left hand was a plain tliin gold ring. | 'This little woman,' said the ^irl, 'beckoned jne to get up, and impelled 1110 by some myster ious power to tear my dress in .strips, place one end of a strip round my nock, and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my t'ruL from the floor, and fell. I thought I was clinking, a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and 1 forgot all until I found myself iu the room with the doctors and police bending over me. It was not until then 1 really comprehended what I had done, nnd was, I believe, under a kind of trauce or in fluence at the time, over which 1 hud uo control.' Mary Taylor had never heard nf the suicide of Ann Murphy, whose appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with tiic description given by the girl. Others having complained iu like manner of the ghostly occupant of the cell, tiio police, to test the real facts of the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived iu the city iu this cheerful apartmeut. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, he fell asleep immediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the oflice in a state of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. A Ghaujeas Account of the Deluge.— The DniJii '/'ehjrajih has received from Mr. George Smith, of the British Museum, the subjoined account of the record of the Deluge, which he has lately deciphered from tlie Assyrian monu ments :— The cuneiform inscription which lhave recently found and translated gives a long and full account of the Deluge. It contains the ver sion or tradition of this event which existed in the early Chaldean period at the city ef Erech (one of the cities of Nimrod), now represented by the ruins of Warka. In this newly-discovered inscription the account of the Deluge is put as :i narrative into the month ofXisutbrus or Noah. He relates the wickedness of the world, the com mand to build the ark, its building, the filling of it, the Deluge, tLe resting of the ark on a mouu tuin, the .sending out of the birds and other matters. The narrative has a closer resemblance to the account transmitted by the Greeks from lWusus, the Chaldean historian, than to the Biblical history, but it does not differ materially from either ; the principle differences are as to the duration of the Deluge, the name of the mountain on wliich the ark rested, the sending out of the birds, -fec. The cuneiform account is much longer and fuller than that of Berosus, and has several details omitted both by the Bible and the Chaldean historian. This inscription opens up inpny questions of which we know nothing previously, and it is connected with a number of other details of Chaldean history, wliich will be both interesting and important. This is the first time any inscription has been found with an account of an event mentioned in Genesis. Mr. Stanley's Nationautv.— Mr. Stanley, who discovered Dr. Livingstone, was sent by the late James Gordon Bennett, and it was generally supposed that he was an American by birth. It has been proved almost to general satisfaction that the intrepid and fortunate seeker after the renowned African explorer was barn at Denbigh. A literary vampist, Mr. J. C. Hotton— whom Mark Twain calls J. C. Hotten fot— has announced a work entitled ' Mr. Stan ley—the Story of bis Early Life.' Mr. Stanley takes exception to this pandering to curiosity by what lie terms 'unscrupulous' publishers, which brought out Mr. Hotten in tbe Times, who says:— 'But Mr. Stanley further com ptains that I have annouueed the 'Story of his Early Life,' and that I am ' unscrupulous ' in so doing. I reply that writing any man's life is not only allowable, but, if done in s spirit of truth and justice, is generally regarded as a commendable performance. Every statement made in tlie 'Story' lias been supplied by liis relatives or friends— relatives who glory in his nationality, and who think that at least a trifle of his lustre may fall upon them. Although in bumble circumstances, they assisted him in early life ; they felt that one day he would be famous, that he would do some great thing ; and now they say, ' We thank God for your success, but don't deny your nationality I ' That Mr. Stanley was born in Denbigh, and resided iu its neighbourhood for the first fifteen years of his life, there is the very best proof in the world— that is, if parish registers, sisters, brothers, and a mother may be considered mate rial proof.' The biographer makes the state ment which Mr. Rotten has thus put forth. You don't hear of 11 policeman being run over — they are never intho way. Was William Penn'e pocket-handkerchief the original pen-wiper t 'Berklbv, Sept. 1869.— Gentlemen. I feet it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for tbe gnat benefit I have derived by taking 'Norton's UunomilePjUa.' I applied to your agent, Mr Bell, Berkley, for the »bovenwn»d Mb, for wind in the stomach, from which I ttifiend excruciating pain a length of time, hiving tri*a aenrty even-remedy pretoribed, but without deriving «ny benefit at ill. After UMag two bottle* of your valuable pilli ttn* qniteM*tor*dtoaw«sul«tita0fJte»lth., Phum glrethtapnbUoay|-)r«ie_benefitoIthoMwhojn»y aunbe»raoted.— I&m;, BM, y«tn truly, Hnritr Aumsr. Pj-opri«fo»Df NortoB*#C»mmu-rm«,' The Horbobs or Tat: Kalve or Labos 'Traffic.— Tbe (London tyteli/Uor. «if the Shd November, relates the atrocities t-f the Cad case, nnd asserts that kidnapping ought to be raised -to tho crime of piracy, and made a capital offence. Horrible ji« was the massacre on board the Oiirl, the above journal states that it is not one whit worse eitlier in detail or as a who|e than the crimes daily committed on the Zanzibar coast or in the Macao coolie trade. In the former evi dence was received only that the Arab slaver drown all captives with infectious disease least it should spread, and so diminish their profits ; and in the latter we have a series of cases, most of them officially recorded, iu which scores of innocent men have becu shot down to quell an incipient mutiny, the white ruffians firing 'at large. ' intu the hold till quiet was restored ; aud one at least, in which (100 decent Chinese pea-' sants, decoyed to Maeou under pretext of passage to California, were left to be roasted alive, their kidnappers having battened down the hatches in a burning ship, lest the rush of their charred victims should overwhelm the boats. The only distinction between any of these cases is that in one of -them and educated European, being will ing, from whatever motive, to speak the truth, Europe, can in the case of the Carl comprehend tho horror to the fulL For atrocities far less than these, though of tho same kind, England in her nobler day battered Algiers down, ami put an end at once and for ever to kidnapping in the Mediterranean— kidnapping which thrilled Kurope with horror, chiefly it would seem because the kidnappers were bronze-coloured and tiie victims white. We have only to treat the kidnapper as the enemy of humanity, and liable, whatever his nationality, to death on con viction by any civilized Court, or court-martial of regularly commissioned officers, and the crime would disappear from the. records of the world. Too Sharp nv Half.— 'Eat your bread, Charles — do not. liiug it away,' said a learned aud good j »(!?-'?' to one of his family tbe other day, adding, ''for who knows, in the vicissi tudes of this life, if you may notsomc day want it ?' The. old gentleman had to cough, look learned, and go away, when his youngster an swered, more logically than his parent, ' If I cat it, how can I have it when I want it ?' This is the result of a learned judge having children. Anything so that it is Liquid. — An Irish man, a thirsty and not particular soul, went into u railway station, put down his money, and said, ' A dhrop of beer, sir, if ye plaze.' ' We keep no beer here,' sternly replied the clerk. ' Well, thin, a dhrop of whiskey.' ' We keep no whiskey here ; wo sell only bits of pasteboard, was the reply. *' Divil a bit do I care what it is,' said the Irishman ; ' give us a dhrink of pasteboard then t' The following advertisment is effective: — 'T!ie shades of night were fulling fart, As through our little village pawed A youth who boro, 'raid snow and ice, A model with this strange device — Kick's spring bed.' MARAVILLA COCOA.-orisiONS of Tire Pnuss. — 'Those who have uot yet tried Maravilla will do well to do bo.'- -Morning Post. ' It may justly be called the perfection of prepared Cocoa. — Britith MidicalJovrnal. ? MahavillaCocoa. — The Globe says, ' Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes everv other Cocoa iu the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of tho purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Mara villa Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dcspeptics, we could uot recommend a more agree able or valuable beverage.' ? HOMEOPATHIC COCO*. — This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers under tliu ablest homoeopathic advice aided by the skill aud experience of the inventors, aud will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fino aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. ? SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the largest manufacturers iu Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only, by Storekeepers and othera all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory If Uis, Bruges, Belgium. 