» A HAUNTED HOUSE. It glooms in a street on the brow of a hill Not a hundred miles distant, 0 reader : In the night it is black, in the day it is still, And as heavy as Grannie's last leader. When the tempest sets foot on the frost-bitten lea, And thunder strikes turret and steeple, Strange forms in that ruin by glimpses we see, Whiclvastonish material people. At the time when the toper at Roberts's calls For the purpose of draining a beaker, The ghost of a chair may be seen in those walls, Containing the ghost of a Speaker. A spectre, like Parkes, towers over a crowd, By the wraith of a Government table ; And the voice of a shade like Buchanan rings loud, Converting that House to a Babel. Where the centipede crawls, and the ebon bat flits, And the basements are mildewed and humid, A figure like Martin impatiently sits, Boiling over with rhetoric tumid. A legion of mocking — of mimical Shapes Bewilders the stiff unbeliever : One fellow the manner of Robertson apes, And another, the airs of poor Weaver. A double of Cummings addresses the chair, Pronouncing "impeaches" impaches ; And an exquisite copy of Hoskins is there, Who spatters the floor with his aitches. It is strange to all folks how they manage the " sell," But there they have Lucas the burly Taken off' to the life, and Dick Driver as well, And likewise Will Forster and Hurley. By fits and by starts the apt mimic of Dave Hits out with his epithets frantic, Which a shadow like Hill doth compare to the stave Of a bird of the forests romantic. All the members that stood on the floor of that place, In the days that have left us for ever, ' Are aped to a T in the voice and the face By spectres exceedingly clever. And up on the seats where the cockroaches creep Away to their snug little quarters, Dim eyes may be seen that are weary for sleep — The eyes of the ghosts of reporters. The bravest of men on that threshold may pause, Nor hope to pass over undaunted To chambers which echo beyond it, because The House is undoubtedly Haunted. ? 