CRICKET IN ENGLAND. (FROM BAILT'S MAGAZINE.) No better match will be seen this year than that between .the Gentlemen of the South and the Players of the North at Prince's. It was a bold essay; for die Gentlemen of the South do not own a bowler of eminence amongst them, and, as none of the Walkers could play, their batting was fearfully weakened. In fact, as the amateur eleven was made up, there were six of them who were hardly worth a run, and there was not one who could by any pretence be called a good bowler. So we had the singular spectacle, at one part of the game, of feu underhand bowler at each end in a first-class match-a circumstance almost unprecedented since the introduction of round-nand bowl ine. Daft was absent from the Northern side-how would the Gentlemen have sot him out?-but,' despite that mischance, it was clear, that the Gentlemen bpd not the ghost of a chance, unless Mr. W. G. _ Grace should make one of his colossal innings. And he made one, to the amount of 145 runs, Dr. Grace contributing 26, and their nine colleagues adding 52. But, unfortunately, he did not make a'second, when a second innings of like magnitude waB required, and his ten colleagues could only put together 55 runs. A more striking exemplification of the powers of one man, and of the danger of relying on him solely, was never witnessed. IT he CMne,off, his side would get something over 200runsji if he did not coiue off, eomQthing ot&r; 50\. Ime weakness of the amateur bowling wascon spicuous throughout; bat the fielaing of the Gentlemen was superb.' Dr. Gtace, a cricket ing genius, just as his brother Is a cricketing master, fielded brilliantly, and in the first innings hit with his customary quick* ness and vigour. His two brothers, also, were always in the way when a hard hit was made* or a run had to be saved; and their presence in the field is ample guarantee that there will be no flatness or dulfiess about the game. But when Mr. W. Gf Grade was bowled out and bv J. C. Shaw again - for 4 in the second innwgs, the inherent weakness of the Gentlemen's batting was made manifest and M'lntyre and J. C. Shaw disposed of them with little difficulty. The fine batting of Emmett, who all but attained his "100 in his second innings. M'lntyre, and Hill, won the match for the professionals; but they were bound to make runs againfct the moderate bowling opposed to-them. The only bowler who was at times at all difficult to play was Mr. G. F. Grace, and tie only succeeded in obtaining one wicket daring the match. ' Emmett is steadily advancing as a bat towards the highest rqiifc- ! ffis defence is .firm, and, his hitting undeniably clean and effective. Tb^ wickets, we Miopia add, played remarkably welL though the bowling of M'lntyre and Hill wbola bump on any wicket, from Prince's, the progress of, events takes us to the Oval, mieie Gloucestershire won a well-contested match from Surrey. Only the weakness of the Gloucestershire bowling enabled Surrey to make the good fight they did; for the Surrey batting against first-class professional bow ling means Jupp and R. Humphrey, and nobody else. We thought last year that Gloucestershire had found a good bowler in Mr. Brice: but this year he seems able to do nothing. Therefore the burden, of the battle-in bowling as well as batting-rests on the three Graces; Mr. BuBhatthe wicket, and Mr. Filgate in the field and with the bat, being their most efficient coadjutors. Gloucestershire made a fine start; for Mr. W. G. Grace and the Doctor made over 150 before they were de feated, and the good example was followed by six more of the Eleven-getting into double figures. In fine bright weather the 39th University match commenced on as good wickets as could be found for the occasion. There was but little alteration in the constitution of the elevens, which were almost the same as have been playing during the past month; and the changes that were made were not only judicious in themselves, but proved highly advantageous. Mr. Macan and Mr. Price, on the Cambridge side, were replaced by Mr. Ford and Mr. Goldney, with whose names we are not very familiar; and Mr. Ford turned out a dark horse of the very highest class. For Oxford, Mr. Ridley took Lord Harris's place a very proper substitution. There was some talk, we believe, of not playing both Mr. Game and Mr. Ridley; but the egregious blunder of turning out either of those gentlemen was, fortunately for Oxford, pot perpetrated. Cambridge won the toss, and, of course, elected to go in, Mr. Longman and Mr. Tabor, as usual, beginning the batting, and Mr. Butler and Mr. Boyle the bowling. It soon became clear that the two fast bowlers were not going to have it all their own way, though the steady advanced guard of Cam bridge was unfortunate in its first essay. Mr. Blacker and Mr. Fryer put some life into the game after Mr. Longman and Mr. Tabor had left; and it was rather hard luck for the Cambridge captain to be taken by a sur prisingly fine catch at short-leg, just when he seemed to be getting well in. Mr. Blacker's innings of 24 was very meritorious, and was marked by finish of style and fair defence. Then again the tide turned against Cambridge, and two more batsmen on whom re liance was placed, Sir. Jefferyand Mr. Latham, suceumbeatoMr. Butler's bowling. Six wickets were thus down for 50 runs, and the layers of odds-and very freely had odds been laid up to as much as 3 to 1-were jubilant. Then, however, the latest importation into the eleven, Mr. Ford, came to the rescme, and his fine hitting was of such service that 100 runs were put on while he was at the wickets, of which he contributed 51 (not out). Thus the innings closed for the very respect able total of 152-quite as large a score as the friends of Cambridge could have hoped for, and larger than their adversaries probably expected. The Oxford bowling was not so good-or perhaps, we should say, not so suc cessful-as against the M.C.C. and G. the previous week. Mr. Boyle, indeed, was not only expensive, but was not straight enough to ao much mischief; and Mr. Butler, though not in the form he showed two years ago, got half the wickets. But Mr. Francis, in our opinion, bowled the best on the Oxford side in the first innings. The fielding, take it altogether, was not up to the mark ; and 20 for extras does not read well in a match of this class. Still the partisans of Oxford had unbounded confidence in the batting powers of tlieir men, especially as the Cambridge bowling was not supposed to be very strong; andthey commenced work with a will, Mr. Law and Mr. Gamier hitting up 30 runs in a very short time. Mr. Wallroth was unlucky ; .but Mr. Ottaway, suffering from' a sprained knee, played with all his characteristic steadiness, and Mr. Kepeanand Mr. Game hit brilliantly; so that in the end the score mounted to 182, or 30 in excess of the Cambridge total It was quite Mr. Jeffery's day as a bowler, for he got eight wickets, at a cost of little more than five runs per wicket, With his slow round-arm bowling, which, by the way, is more nearly a throw than any bowling we have ever seen. Mr. Sims, as we expected, after seeing him at the Oval, proved quite useless. Great pace, without the least pre cision, is the characteristic of his bowling; and a batsman with a.strong pair of arms can desire nothing better than fast long hops to the off, varied by equally speedy half volleys to the leg. It was an error of judgment to keep Mr. Sims on solong; his 22 overs produced 74 runs-aid we are not sure that it was not an enpr of judgment to play him at all in the match- Mr. Tillard is by far the best bowler in the light blue team ; and even he is not of more than average merit. . We . scattnot praise the Cambridge more than the Oxfora fielding; and the general impression produced by the first innings of either side was, that they were two strong batting elevens, but not up to any high standard in any other depart ment of the game. The wickets, we may add, rapidly fell off after the first few hours of play, and for the latter half of the match were difficult and false. It Appears that we shall not see « really true wicket at Lord's this season. There was time for Cambridge to commence, their second innings ; and Mr. ' Longman and Mr, Tabor made such good.use of it, that in 20 minutes the runs were hit off, and 40 wbs hoisted on the telegraph. Messrs. Butler and Boyle were even jmore inefficacious than in the first innings ; but Kir. Ridley's underhaads at length succeeded in getting rid of Mr. Longman, and then Mr. Blacker joined Mr. Tabor, and played up to 7 o'dooW the _ store ' then standing at 74, and Cambridge bei%4l to the good for the loss of one wicket. The lost lolling of Oxford had now bee)^, g» effectually, knocked off, that the layers of odds, felt "very uncomfortable. Sir. Boyle, however, had another try on the morning of the Becond day ; but 20 runs being put on in no time, he retired in despair, another in stance of the uncertainty of fast amateur bowlers-wickets falling like grass before them one day, and hit all over the place the nest. Mr. Tabor (45) and Mr. Blacker (26) played capital innings; but the Cambridge captain's ill-luck at Lord's did not desert him. Mr. Jeffery, however, got his 23 in a manner worthy of his undoubted merits; and, had he only a little more confidence and dash, he would exhibit in public that batting ability which we know he possesses, but which he is occasionally somewhat shy of showing. Mr. Latham quite fulfilled our expectations, though his style is none of the \ test; but his driving and leg- hitting are exceedingly effective. The last Cambridge wicket fell for 203, extras again figuring to the extent of 23. Mr. Maude ana Mr. Ridley got all the wickets save one, the two " crack" Oxford bowlers failing altogether to come off. Thus there was a formidable score-no less than 174-for Ox ford to obtain in order to win; and it was plain that, without the utmost care and judgment, the match-so universally con sidered a real good thing for Oxford- would be lost. The wickets were getting worse and worse; the Cambridge men were on their mettle, and there is always a certain unavoidable nervousness when a fixed num ber of runs must be got, while the out side, having got their runs, feel proportionately confident. And we are bound to say that it was only care and judgment-with the principal part of which the Oxford captain most be credited-that won the match, which hong in the balance to the very last moment And when Mr. Ottaway was bowled-the game lunng then at a tie-and Mr. Butler came in to ranfcfl the winning run-the two men left to follow hfan being hardly worth a run-he cannot have helped thinking of that memo rable afternoon, three years ago, when he also went in to make the winning hit and did not make it, and there were also two colleagues left to follow him, and they followed him, and were, despatched with two successive balls. History could not be expected to re peat itself with such exactitude; and this C: Mr. Butler sent the first ball bowled to through the slips for four, and the layers of odds were put out of their misery, and, we doubt not, registered a vow not to lay 3 to 1 in a hurry again on a cricket match. The features of the second innings of Oxford were the dashing hitting of Mr. Law-a much improved batsman- and Mr. Nepean; but the real winner of the match was Mr. Otta way, who, although suffering severe pain, never showed his marvellous steadiness and his faultless defence to greater advantage. He fairly beat the Cambridge bowling, and took the steel out of it; and it is not too much to say that, but for his coolness and Eresence of mind, Oxford must infallibly ave lost the match. Mr. Tillard bowled really finely, and took six, all bowled, of the seven Oxford wickets that felL Mr. Jeffery, ontheotherhand, who goteightwicketsontne first day, failed to obtain one on the second. Such are the cariosities of amateur bowling. We shall be surprised if Mr. Tillard does not do still better another year. There is a good deal in his bowling, which comes very quick off the ground, and his delivery is fairly easy. We must add that some valuable runs were very foolishly thrown away by Cambridge, just when every one was most precious, owing to there beflng no longs top to Mr. Jeffery. Five byes were most needlessly given to Oxford in this way ; and no fewer than 15 byes in all helped to swell the score of the dark blues in their second innings. Now, if, when Mr. Ottaway was out, 10, or even six or seven, runs had still remained to be made, it would have been anybody's game. The absence of the longstop was a fatal mis take on the part of the Cambridge captain. Still, it was a fine match, gallantly contested on both sides to the last; and we are ready to admit that the best eleven won. But, just as we took the liberty to doubt last month whether it would, be such a hollow affair as was generally anticipated, so we are not of opinion now mat there is a very wide or striking difference between the two elevens. They are pretty equal in bowling, as it has turned out; pretty equal, and equally indifferent, too, in fielding; and there is plenty of batting power on both sides. Perhaps the exceptional qualities of Mr. Ottaway, as a cricketer, just torn the scale in favour of Oxford. Next year Ox ford will lose him, and his place will, indeed, fee difficult to filL MEETING OF SECBETABIES.-The meeting of secretaries of cricket clubs to arrange matches for first half of the coming season will be held at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, at a quarter past 5 p.m. on Friday next, the 26th inst. EAST RICHMOND CLUB.-This club held their annual meeting on the 16th inst. The finan cial state of the dub is very satisfactory. There is a balance of £114s. 6d. in the hands of the treasurer. Thirty-one new members were elected, and the following office-bearers for the ensiling season:-President and treasurer, Mr. £. Griffith; vice-president, Mr. A. Polland; secretary, Mr. F. Taylar; committee, Messrs. E. Brown, W. Carter, W. Dobel, D. Green, W. Parker, and W. Reid. The Fitzroy Standard Cricket Club held its annual meeting last Friday night, 12th inst The following members were elected as office hearers Mr, Waring president, E. Waring captain, J. May vice-captain, A. Wheeler secretary, W. Waring treasurer, and a com mittee of nine members, consisting of T. Auld, L. Henderson, J. May, J. Morris, H. Skinner, A. Tait, E. Waring, W. Waring, and A. Wheeler. Practice will commence on Satnrday, 4th October. 