The Empire. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1873. WHILE the work of railway extension, one o the chief matters of public concern in this colony, and the interests of the towns and of the remote produoing districts, alike urge the speedy carrying out of the schemes already sanctioned, and the opening up of new lines j the policy adopted'here twenty, y ears ago, and carried out languidly indeed during the past-but now there is rtason to hope about to be more vigorously prosecuted-receives strong confirmation from the change taking place in public opinion in England on the sub- ject. It used to be a frequent subjectof remark in our .Legislative Chambers, that the con ductingofso vast a business as that of railway construction was an anomalous exercise oí the functions of government, and that it would bo a most salutary change when the circumstances of tho colony made it prac- ticable to hand over this work to private enterprise. And thé example of England was appealed to as showing how such works should be carried on,^-by private companies. But a very remarkable change has taken place within the last lew years, both in the "' conditions of railway construction and management and in the state oí public opinion as influenced by these altered conditions. Between twenty and thirty years ago the number of railway companies formed in Egland rapidly increased, and a competi- tion sprang up between them, which pro- mised, to the view of . many. economists, unmeasured advantages to thepeople. Three hundred and fifty companies vied one with another Tor publia favour, offering speed, safety, and cheapness of transit. For some time, the rates on several lines were such as to leave , heavy ' losses upon the companies. tBut suddenly the policy of competition was abandoned for that of amalgamation. Once begun, the process went on with amazing rapidity ; and now those three hundred and fifty companies are reduced to twenty-eight, less- than' one-twelfth of the former number. And still greater amalgama tiona havo been attempted. Two mam- moth companies, the .Nor th-Wes tern, and the Yorkshire . and Lancashire,, applied to Parliament for authority to unite. But the rapid process of amalgamation, swallowing up competitors by the dozen, had aroused the anxiety of the nation lest this process should lead to an uncontrollable monopoly. And acting in accordance with a reasonable national alarm, the Parliament refused to sanction the amalgamation, for railways are practically tho only channels of communication between the large cities and towns of Britain and Ireland. -It is now a mark of eccentricity to travel 100 miles in England by any other conveyance. The wholo trade of the country had made its course through them. And tho command of all practicable channels of communication bctweon tho centres of population carrios with it absolute power to turn, at will, tho current of trade. The amalga- mation of railway companies has raised up a now commercial power that is .becoming formidable. At all ovents, tho House of Commons has acted under tho impression that it is so, by refusing to sanction tho amalgamation of the Nor th-Western and the yorkshire and Lancashire Companies. And it is not merely by the possession of an undue influence over the trade of the country, that tho actual position of English railway companies is becoming a matter for alarm. Official returns show that, in the year 1872, no less than 1126 persons lost their lives on the railways of England ; and many of these deaths were distinctly traceable to tho refusal of railway companies j to adopt precautions which had been recom- mended. In view of such facts, an impres- sion has -widely spread in England, that if thej railways were in the hand« .pf/ the Government, the ' people, who use them, and. trust their limbs and liyes'to the vigilance of the officials in charge of them, would have much better, opportunity, than they now'have of securing the removal of dangers; and the correction, of all kinds of mismanagement. . . . t \ " "Great advantages might be thus secured to the economy of railway extension. ''Local and personal influence - would be unable to exact such enormous sacrifices of publio in- terest, and convenience to private wishes, as ' have not unfrequently j marked the progress of railway ex- tension in the hands of private co.-panies. It is calculated by Mr. ARTHUR ARNOLD, who is himself not only a critic on railway management, but a shareholder, to a large extent in several companies, that one hun- dred millions sterling have been added to the cost of constructing the existing lines in England, by the resistance of landholders to the passage of railways through their pro- perty in the direction indicated by considera- tions of public convenience and economy. But for all that, the actual profits of rail- way traffic in. the year. 1872 amounted to about twenty-four millions and a half j and there is no reason to suppose . that they would be less profitable in the hands of the Government than in those of companies. Belgium offers the instructive example of the two systems of Government railways and private railways crossing the same country. . And there, though tho rates charged on the Government lines are no higher than those on .the others, the profits are in much larger proportion. The reason is that the people prefer lines managed by the Government. They believe they are more secure, and they find by experience that they travel with more comfort upon these lines. It is natural to conclude that the same result would be realised in Britain. The question came up the other day in a practicad shape before the British Parliament. On the 29th of April las , Lord CLAUD HAMILTON moved, in the House of Commons, a resolution in favour of the- purchase of Irish JRailways by tho Government. The Ministry opposed the motion, and it was negatived by 132 to 82; but of those 82, no fewer than 73 were Irish members. And to statesmen who, like Mr. GLADSTONE, are re- solved to lose no opportunity of proving to the advocates of " Home Bul©" in Ireland, that the rights and interests of the Irish peo- ple are in the best keeping while entrusted to the Parliament of "the United King- dom," this fact must be a powerful argument in favour of the proposition which has for the time been negatived. If the Irish people generally persist in the expression of a con- viction that the'purchase of the railways, of that country by the Government would be for their benefit, there can, be little doubt that they will obtain their wish before long. And as other questions of vital consequence to the people of Britain-such as corn-law abolition, tenant-right, separation bf Church and State-have been firet successfully dealt with in relation to Ireland, it may be that a now railway policy for the United Kingdom will be first established in that country. 'An action for oral defamation, brought in the district court, Rockhampton, by Mr. W. Pattison, against Mr. A. Ii. Bouroloault, proprietor of tba Northern Argus, ter- minated on tba 11th instant'in a verdlot for the plaintiff; damagea £30. The Newcastle Chronicle informs us that on Saturday evening nearly one tbousnud persons' attended the performances of the Carlos and Siamese troupe ; that their acts were of an astounding; character, and quit« new to a Newcastle audience. A meeting of the committees appointed at the various publio meetings tn connection with -Jie metropolitan railway extension movement, was held at Messrs. Richard son and Wrenah's rooms, Pitt-street, at half-past 8 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and adjourned until 4 o'clock on friday afternoon next, without transacting any business. Telegraphic advices to Brisbane from George Town, dated 12th instant, state that the rush to the Palmer River is causing great excitement. Thepispectora started toraturn to the rush on tao Uti), an . nearly half of the mining population-say 300-have already left George Town,'while many others are preparing to atart for.the new field. Drays are also starting, the freights being ' £50 par too. The prospectors adviae the postponement of any rash from the south until after the wet season, and state thst, at all events, any parties coming should hrlng ample supplies. GIJEBB HUNT CLUB.-Thia club, which was formed a short time ago, under very favourable circum- stances, had their first hunt on Saturday last, on Bexley Park, Canterbury, A wallaby was selected for the sport, willoh was let go for some time, when the hounds gave chase, and aucoeoded In oapturlng him. - The huntamen then engaged la horse racine and other aporta for a few boura, when they retired to a convenient hotel, where they partook of a goad luualieon. They returned after this to Sydney, having ^enjoyed n vary pleasant day. One or two of the huntsmen were unfortunate enough to have a spill. j In answer to questions in the Legislative Assembly, yesterday. Mr. Sutherland said lt was expected that the plans and sections of the raliway extension to Wagga Wagga will be submitted to Parliament by . the middle of October; and those of the extensions to Orange and Tamworth by the oud of October. An order for a portion of the rails required will be sent to England by the next mall. It ls not considered advisable to place the whole of tbs order for rails upon the market at one time. ? The Colonial Beoretary stated, whilst giving Information respecting the commission appointed to Inquire Into public charities, that the president of the commlislou receives a tee of 4 guineas a Bitting, non- official members 3 guineas a Bitting, and official members li guinea a sitting. Those who are members of Parliament receive no fees. The amount of fees already paid ls L76116s ; Biliary to the secretary, 112311s 8d , and expenses of short- hand writer, H6B ts. The volunteer land orders for this year will noe be Issued before the Slst December. . Tucker Tucker Jemmy, alias American Jemmy; an aboriginal, bas been brought up at Inverell, in custody af the police, abarged with murder and escaping from oua'ody. Constable Edward William Daly, stationed at Ashford, deposed t At daylight ot the morning ot the Srd instant, from something I heard, I went to a blacks' camp on the Severn River, twenty miles from Ashford, and saw the prisoner chere. When I saw him, he was trying to ca oeal himself in some buahea. In the Police Gazette I produce, dated September, 1870, he la gazetted as having escaped from another constable, named La Roche, whilst conveying bim from Manilla to Tamworth. Prisoner answers tte descrip- tion given. I asked the prisoner his name, and fae made no reply I then told him i charged him with having murdered a blackfellow ac Uogabrllla station. I then again asked his name, and he said American Jemmy. I inquired whether lt was not Tuoker Tucker Jemmy, and be said they called him so. I apply for prisoner to be remanded to Tamworth. Pri- soner was under csmmittal to Tamworth at the time of his escape Prisoner, in answer to tba Bench, said he did not get away from the constable. The police magistrate remanded him to Tamworth. Verdi's grand opera, " Macbeth," was per- formed last night, at the Victoria Theatre, beforea full though not crowded nome, and was rondered with great Ure and spirit by all the artistes engaged, but particularly by Slguor Ooliva and Signora Zenoni, who sustained the principal characters. The sleep-walking or dagger scene, by Blguora Zenoni, was as perfeot nn Impersonation as anything abort of the reality could be. The Signora waa In splendid voice, and fully sustained the title we gave her when she sang in this city lust season, namely, *' the queen of song," There ls such a richness and beauty in her voice, and her style ls so Impas- sioned and dramatic, that she fairly pailita tho scenes of the opera before the eye, whilst abe represents their associated aonnda to the cor. Signor Coy played Macduff, and Signor Dondl, Banquo; and we need scarcely say that both characters «ore well represented. The orahestra went through their part of the p-rformanco with great crispness ana vigour. The music of tho opera is essentially Italiau. very melodious and pretty, nud same of lt dramatic ; but then there are som« portions of it which, we think, have no meaning, or at leas not aa appropriate meaning. It may be that Verdi la not exactly the musical genius to grasp in aound the character of Macbeth aa drawn by the great master of dramntlc arti The accompaniments to most of the melodies ure humophonlo-that ls, they aro designed to sustain and embellish the melodies, but otherwise have no' meaning. Thia remark, however, doea not apply to tho mmlo of the sleep-walking scene, nor jet to that willoh accompanies the combat near the dose ! of.' the opera, nor yet to the pretty ' little ballet In the spectre scene: wherein all the ghosts tn the i theatre flit before tho eyes of the »laim«d hero of the drama, Signor Ooliva wan golden .piiilnns from all aides of the house , hy lila splendid sinning and aotlng, and doth he and Signora Zeuonl had to reappear several limes at the alose ef the acts, 1 t<> receive' the praises, which they so fairly earned. We ! believe " Lucretia Borgia" ls on the programme for to-night. , ' 