BULWER'S LAST NOVEL. '?' { ' , KENELM Chillingly, His Adventures , and Opinions. By the Author of the Caxtons. In three volumes. t We are indebted to a Scotch paper for the following critique : " Tho last fruit off an old tree" has always a special value. The public know that this work is the last they are to have from a writer who kept a foremost place in the ranks of literature for more than a generation. Moreover, it is also well understood that tho novel, which was only prepared for the press before Lord Lytton's death, was ono on which ho had spont many years. Its appearance has been looked forward to with more than ordinary interest ; and we aro glad to say that no admirer of tho author need fear that this posthumous publication will do otherwise than extend his fame. The book abounds in piquant sentences. The novel, indeed, is of a kind that could neither have been written by a young man, nor by an author who had not had large and varied experience in society. Tho hero is the only child of an English baronet, Sir Peter Chillingly, bom fourteen years after his marriage. Tho appearance of the infant creates quito a sensation iu tho circle of tho liaronot's Monds. Its aspect presented unusual gravity. "The nurse declared in a frightened whisper that it uttered no cry on facing tlho light. It had taken possession of its cradle in all tho dignity of silent sorrow." An important matter was tho selection of a numo for the hoir to the Baronet's estates, and a family council was held on tho subject. To this meeting the parent, Sir Peter, made a groat oration, sotting forth tho consequences which attached to baronots in con- nection with their Christian name. An ordinary Mister might sink his Christian name altogether,, becoming simply Mr. So and So ; while in tho caso of a Poor his Christian name is fused in his titular designation. Tho proud fathor was quito resolute that the boy should not bo named after himsolf, Peter. That name, ho felt, would bo quite a dead weight ; and he hold that no illus- trious Englishman had over been called Peter. " There is," ho suid, " no immortal Sir Peter, except Sir Peter Tousle, and ho only exists on clio comic stage." Somobody suggested Sir Peter Lely, but tho answer was that he was a foreigner, a nativo of Westphalia. Moreover, in othor countries, the objectionablo namo was modified in sound. " Pierre Corneille was a groat mun, but I put it to you whether, had he boon an Englishman, ho would have been tho fathor of European tragedy as Putor Crow." The result of tho family convention was tho dioico of tho namo Kenelm, after Sir Kenelm Digby, a connection of tho family, and who, while lie fought us woll us ho wrote, was not so great a personage as altogether to defy emula- tion. Tho incidents of tho birth of tho young heir aro described in passages abounding in piquant phrase's. Very early tho boy disclosed a tendency to think for himself, and to indulge in vagrant lines of observation. Having laid hands on '* Locke on tho Understanding," he asked his mother whothor sho was not troubled with doubts of her own idontity, and wished his father to inform bim as to his opinion about innate ideas. The extraordinary development of tho youth lod to another family consultation. It was decided to send him to tho school, not quito a public school/but yet sulliciontly largo to bo free of tho narrowing influences of a purely private academy. When the boy cunio homo nt tho Christinas holidays, he was observed to bo some- what moro melancholy than usual, the reason of which did n«t appear until ho had paid u visit to his uncle, who occupied tho neighbouring Rectory. Tho occurrences at this mooting ure somewhat amusing : I.liRSON'8 IN SEI.F-DF.rUXCr:. Tho rev. ßoutlonian was in his f'urm-yurd oxamining his bullocks when Kenelm accosted bim thus briefly : "Sii, I am disgraood, and I shall dio of it if you cannot holp to sot ma rigtit in my owu eyes." " My dour hoy, don't talk in that way. Como into mv stuilv." Ab soon us thoy entered that room, and tho Parson had carefully closod tho door, he took the boy's arm, turned him round to tho light, und saw at once that there was something very gravo on his mind. Chucking him under tho chin, the Parson said cheerily, " Hold up your bond, Keiu-lm. I am sure you havo dono nothing unworthy of a gentleman." " I don't know that. I fought a boy very little bigger than myself, and I havo been licked. I did not givo in, though ; hut the other boya picked mo np, for I could not stand any longer-and the follow ¡B a groat bully-and his name is Butt and ho's tho son of a lawyer-and ho got my hoad into Chancery-and I havo challonged him to light airain next half-and unless you can help nie to lick him, J shall ngver bo good for anything in the world-never. It will break my hbait." " I um very glad to hear yon havo bad the pluck to challcngo him. Just lot mo soo how you doublo your fist. Woll, that's not amiss. Now, put ypm sulf into a fightinir uttitudo, and hit out nt mo hurd-harder ! Pooh ! that will uover do. You should tnako your blows as stiuight as nu arrow. And that's not tho way to stand. Stop-so ; well on your huunohes-weight on tho loft log-good ! Now, put on these gloves, and I'll givo you a lesson in boxing." Fivo minutes afterwards Mrs. John Chillingly, entered tho ruoiu to summon her husband to bleak fast, stood astoundod to seo him with his coat off, and parrying the blows of Konclm, who flow at him like a young tiger. Tho good pastor ut that moment might coitniiily havo appeared u fiuo type of muscu- lar Christianity, but not of that kind of Christianity out ol' which ono makes Archbishops of Canterbury. "Good gracious me !" faltered Mis John Chillingly; and thou, wil'o-liko, living to the protootion of her husband, sho seized Kenelm by tho shoulders, and gavo him a good Blinking. Tho Puraon, who waa sadly out of breath, was not displeased at tho inter- ruption, but took tho opportunity to put on his coat, and Bnid. " Wo'll begin ugaiu to-morrow. Now, come to breakfast." Kenelm had just ono doubt in connection with these lessons ; that was as to whether ho should not inform Butt, his school-boy rival, that ho was taking the lossous. Broaching his difficulties to his undo, ho found that manly person concur, und obtuiniiig from his father an ontlino of such a latter as ono gentleman might write to another with whom ho had a difference, he iiiadu Master Butt awaro of what ho was doing. Tho latter young gentleman replied in' an irreverent tono ; but mattera woro altered when tho school had again assembled, three days nftur which Konolm was ablo to write to his undo :-" Dear Sir, I lmvu licked Butt. Knowledge is Powor." Ho added in a post | script-'' Now that I havo lickod Butt, I have | niado it up with him." Wo dwell on this incident because it allords a koy to much of tho character of tho youth. He found his pugilistic acquirements very iisofiil in aftor-lifo. On tho return of tho young Kenelm from school, anothor family council was called as to further procedure. Tho porson whoso advico was taken on this occasion was n Mr. Mivors, a rolutivo of tho Baronet. Mr. Mivors was a man of fifty-one, and had boon for several years tho originator aud chiof proprietor of a London papor, which was f pondiiotqd on tho principio of a woll-brod contempt for ovorybody and ovorytliing," and was. of courso, " oxcoud-. ¡ugly popular with those loading mombnrs of tho cuuunuuity who admiro nobody and boliovo in nothing." Mr. Mivors, by adhering to curtain1 maxims, managed to presont, at tho agu of fifty ! ono, an appoarancü corresponding with fivo-aud thirty. Ono of his plans was to assumo at au curly poriod tho wearing of a wig. Ho put on a wig at twonty-livo, and at that time ho looked livo and thirty : at fifty-ono, ho looked no oidor. Ho oponly professed that ho muant to romain at tho ago of tliirty-livo all his lifo. " Pooplo," ho said, " may choose to say I am moro, but I shall not own it, and no ono is bound to oriinU mite hinisulf " :'- '??' > Anothor of his nphorisma was this, " A frosh mind keeps the body fresh. Tuite in tho ¡dons ol' tho day, diuin oil' thoio of yesterday. As to tho morrow, timo enough to consider it when it becomes to-day.'.' Prosurviiig himself by attention to those rules, Air. Mivurs uppuared at Exmuiidhiim lotus, tews, but not rotnmlus-ix man of middle height, slender, upright) With well-out, small, slight features, thin lips, un- closing an oxcollout sut c1 luulh, even, white, und not indebted to tho dentist. For tlio suko of those tooth ho slimmed acid wines, especially hock in all Its varieties, culinary swoots, and but diinks. Hudiauk ovon his lou cold. " There ure," he said, " two things in lile that u sago must presorvu at every sacrifiée, tho coals of his stonmuh mid tho enamel ol' his tooth. Somo evils udniit of consolation»; lhere uro iii» L'üiulwH'fti for dyspepaia mid toothache." 4 man of letters, but a man of tho world, ho bad so cultivated his mind as both, that ho was feared us tho one, and liked as tho other. As a man of lottors ho despised the world; as a man of the world bo despised letters. As the representativo of both he revered hinmelt. ¡ ", . < Tho ad vico which this person gavo with respect to Kenebri'« training was that ho should be placed undor tho 'care of a mau of " new ideas." ' The poison belectcd was a Mr. Welby, who had 'been trained'for tho Chinch, but had drifted into literature, and who, we are-told, " regurded Christianity as a typo of existing civilisation,, which ought to be rovoroncod as ono might, recognise the othor types of that civilisation- ' such as, tho liberty of the press,jthe represen- tative system, white neckcloths, and black coats ' of au evening." Kenelm remained a year and a half with Mr. Welby. Residing in London, of courso he saw a good deal of society, and certainly had evory opportunity of seeing the realistic side of life. ¡ From Mr. Welby's, he proceeded 'to Cambridge, carrying with him a.considerable stock of " new ideas." Amongst other books which he read, ' and which considerably affected his opinions, was a book by an Oxford scholar, Decimus ' ?Roach, i The work, which was very,eloquent in the ( praise of celibacy, was entitled ", An Approach to the Angols," and' tho opinions it embodied young Kenelm nccopted unhesi- tatingly. He loft tho University just about the time of his majority. 'That event -was marked by great demonstrations, Or,'-'as lonr author puts it, " thero were festivities1 at Exmundham, in celebration of the honour be- stowed upon tho world by the fact that. Kenelm Chillingly had lived twenty-one years in it." As is common on such occasions, tho young heir made a speech. The opportunity was one on which he thought fitting to vend the " new ideas " ho had imbibed ,at Mr. Welby's, and which he matured at Cambridge. Ho spoke with great fluency, hut his speech was by no means of a popular or gratifying character to tho tenants. Possibly, it may amusu tho reader in these parts to see the sentiments which our author puts into the mouth of tho exponent of what ho terms " now ideas" : KESKLM CHILLIXOLY's^DRAS OF A LANOLOnD'a nUTIEB. As for tho uiurits assigned to my father as land- lord,! most respectfully dissent from tho pui.eiryrics so rashly bestowed on bim. For all sound reasonors must concur in this, that the first duty, of, an .owner of lund is not to the occupiors to whom ho leases it, but to the nation at largo. It is his duty to tee that tho lund yields to the community tho utmost it can yield. lu order to effect this objoot a landlord should put up his farms to competition, exacting the highest rent ho can possibly get from responsible competitors. Competitivo examination is the enlightened order of tho day, oven in professions in which the boBt mon would have qualities that defy examination.. In agriculture, happily, the principle of competitive examination is not so hostile to the choice of the best mun, as it must bo, for instance in diplomacy, where a Talleyrand would be excluded for knowing no language but his own ; und still moro in the army, whbre promotion would be denied to an ' officer, who, like Marlborough, could uot spell. But in agriculture a landlord has only to enquire who can give the highest rent, having the largest capital, subject by the strictest penalties of law to the conditions of u lease dictated by tho < most scientific agriculturists under penalties fixed by the moot cautious conveyunoers. By this mode of pro- cedure), recommended by the mo»t liberal economists of.our age-barring thoso still more liberal who deny that property in land is any property at all-by this modo of procedure, I Bay, u landlord does his duty to his couutiy. He secures tenants who ran pioduce tho most to tho community by their capital, tosled through competitivo examination into thoir bankers' accounts, and tho security thoy can give ; and through ' the rigidity of covenants suggested by a Liebig, and reduced into law by a Ohitty. But on my father'b ' lund I soo a great many tenants with little skill and less capital, ignorant of a Liebig and revolting from a Chitty,1 nnd no filial enthusiasm oan induce roe honostly to say that my father is u good landlord. Hu had preferred his affection for individuals to his duty to the oomuiunity. It is not, my friends, a question whether a handful of farmers like yourselves go to the woikhoiiso or not. It is n ounsiuner's question. Do you produce tho maximum of cora to the consumer!1 Of courso, thoso sontiinents neither pleased tho tenantry nor tho fathor of tho youthful heir. Next day, there was a gravo conversation between tho Baronet and his son, which resulted in an advice on tho part of tho former that tho youth should sut out on a courso of travel. Preparations wero mado for his departure with considerable fuss, and groat arrangements wero made for giving bim a travelling companion, courior, &c.; Before thoso could bo completed, Kenelm had takon his departure, writing a letter to his father, explaining that ho meant to seo lifo for himself, and therefore, resolved to proceod in tho humblest guise. Ho had taken £50 with him, and' ho hoped his fathor would honour his drafts at tho rato of £ö por mouth. Ho said ho would hour from him from time to timo. Tho Baronet, liku a wise man, accopted tho inovitable. Ho informed his wife that his son had suddenly sot out for London, whero ho was to moot somo friends, und make a tour. Ho told his butler to pack up some of his clothes; ready for their being despatched whenever thoy woro written for. Everything was done by the Baronet in the quiotest way, so as to provont tho public concluding that tho young hoir'to Extiiuudham had unaccountably disappeared. The first use which Kenolm mado of his freodom was to walk to the nearest town, whero ho purchased a stout broadcloth upper garment, half coat, half jacket, with waistcoat to mutch, strong corduroy trousers, a smart nuckcloth, with a small stock of woollou and linen socks ¡ also, a leather knapsack, bigouougli to contain his scanty wardrobe, and a couple of books. With this equipment, ho proceeded to ,tho nearest thick wood, where, disrobing himself of tho clothes with which ho had left homo, ho assumed tho now garments, and, by tho help of two or thi'oo stones, sunk thoso ho had cast oil' in a deep pool. "Now," said he, "I really begin to think I havo got out of myself. I am in anothor man's skin." lu this now guiso, Kenelm goes through a good many adventures. Ho linds a man and ii boy disputing, and roscucs the latter from what ho considers tho ill- treatment of ' tho former, and finding a gig at tho roadside, at the earnest on treaties of tho boy, ho drives off .with, him to a town oightoou milos distant. Thora he dis- covers that tho person ho has run away with is a young lady in tho disguiso of a boy, who attiactod by an actor in a theatrical company at which thoy had arrived, was in tho belief that ho was in a position to öfter her marriage. Kouelm discovers that tho actor, Mr. Compton, 'is a married mau, and tho romancéis at onco extinguished. Ho telegraphs to tim man fioin whom ho rcscuod tho person supposod to bo a hoy, who proves to bo an unolo of the young lady. Tho |(iiclo arrivps as fast as. horso can carry him, and recqgnisiiig Chilliiigly notwith- standing his disguise, first trios to coax him into marrying his niece, assuring hint that sho had £20,000 in her own light, and subse- quently insists with throats that ho shall murry hor. 'Clio circumstances wo mention givo riso to a good deal of ridiculous incident ; and Chil- lingly congratulates himself on his nan ow escape from matrimony. Tho young wandoror's next ailvontnm is a farm-house, whero he engages in temporary sor , vico in tho hay harvest at tho rate of two shillings n-day.' Whilo thus occupied ho disco vorn that a person of tho namo of Tom Bowles is a kind of ¡ bully of tho whole district. Tom is tho admirer of a girl named Jossio Willes, who dislikes him ' immunauly, but fears him, and is in fact plodged to marry anqthor person, who, howovur, has had ono of his limbs broken by a fall from a house, i and makes only a scanty living us a buskot maker. ' Kenelm, by purposely showing attention to Jessie Willes, brings down upon himself tho wrath of 'Tom Bowles, and as is o^pcotod, a hand- to-hand encounter oiis(ics botwoon the two mon. Toni, though much tho heavier and áti'ongor'uiun, gota decidedly tlio worst of tho struggle, lyoiiolm's training in pugilism'uudor his unolo tho Roefcor proving of essential sovvico, Koiiolm having bouton Tom Bowles, takes measures, just iis ho diaddono in tho caso of tho boy Butt, -vory spoo'dily to maka it up with his antagonist' \\- "< I ri.SVI.NO AND MAKING) A 1'IIIKXl). Knnolra Chillingly drew a chair clono to bia an- tagonist's, und silently laid ti hand on his. Tom Bowha took up tho hand in both his own, turned it curiously towards tho moonlight, gazed ut it, poisod it, thon with a sound between ii ginini and laugh tossod it nway us a thing hostile but trivial, rosa and looked tho door, cuma buck to his seat and said bluffly- » " What do you want now F" > " I want lu ask you a favour." " Favour !", "Tho greatest which man can ask from man friendship. You Bec, my dour Tom," continued .KonolinJ' 'making himsolt quito at homo-throwing his arm over tho bael: of Tom's chair, and stretolling his log« comfortably us ono does by one's dwn'firu side ; " you boo, my dear Tom, that mon liku us , young, single, not on tho whela bnd-lnooking as mon ,go-can lind sweethearts in plenty. If ona duos nut Uko us, anothor will; swutithoarts mo sown every- where liko nellie« and tlijutlc». Hut the lurent thing in lile is a friend. Now, tell mo frankly, in the couran ot your wundeiiug«, did you over como into a 'villugo whero you oould not havo got u sweetheart if you bud asked Jo; euc; »ud ii, buvinjr got » pwMff heart you hud lost her, do you think you would hu vu had any difficulty in finding another P But have you no Buch thing in the world, beyond tho palo of your own family, as a true friend-a man friend ; nnd supposing that you had such a friend-a friend who-would stand by you through thick'and thin-who would toll you your faults to your face, und praise you for your good qualities behind your back-who would do all he could to suve you from a danger, mid all he could to get yon out of ono-supposing you bud such a friend, und lost bim, do you belicvo that if you lived to tho age of Mothuselub, you could find anothor ? Yon don't answer mo, you uro silont. Well, Tom, I ask y ou'to be such a .friend .to mo, and I will ho such a friend to you." '" , Tom was' so thoroughly" tñken'abaok " by this address that be remained diimbfoundered. But he folt us if the clouds inlhis soul were breaking, and a rav of sunlight wëîâ^foroing ,its,way through,the sullen darkness. At^Iengtti, however, the receding ráger'withiir him1 returned, though with vacillating step, and be growled between his teeth- ¡ _" A pretty friend indeed ! robbing me of my girl ! Go along with yon !" ' '' She was not your1 girl any more than Bbe was or over can bo mino." i " What, you.ben't after her ?" " Cortaiuly not ; I am goin? to Luscombe, and I ask you to oomo with me. Do you think I am goinrr to leave you hero F" " What is it to you f" " Everything. Providence has permitted mo to save you from the most lifelong of all sorrows. For -think! Can any sorrow bo more lasting than had been yours if you bad attained your wish ; if you bad forced or frightened a woman to be your partner till death do part-you loving her, she loathing you ; you conscious, night and day, that your vory love had 'insured her misery, and that misery haunting you like u ghost F-from that sorrow I have saved you. May( Providecoe permit mo to complete my work, and save you also from the most irredeemable of all crimes ! Look into your soul, then recal the thoughts wbioh all day long, and not least at the moment I crossed this threshold, wore rising np, making reiiBon dumb and conscience blind, and then lay your hand on your heart and say-" I am guilt loss of a dream of murder." Tho wi etched men sprang up erect, menacing, and mooting Kcuülm's calm, steadfast, pitying ga/.e, dropped no less suddenly-dropped on the floor, covered his faco with his hands, and a great cry caine forth between sob and howl. " Brother," said Kenelm, kneeling bosido him, and twining his urm round the man's heaving breaBt, " it is over now ; with that cry the demon that maddened you has fled for over." A character whom wo havo not noticed in the novel, is a wanderor, evidently a person of superior position, who occasionally prefers to assume tho guise of á minstrel singing songs in the public streets and highways. One of the songs which Kenelm hears sung in this way is the following : CONTENT. There are times when tho troubles of life uro still ; The bees w.indored loit iu the depths of June, | And I paused whero the ellimo of a silver rill Saug tho linnet aud laik to theil rest at uoou. Said my soul-" Seo how calmly thewavelots glide, Though so narrow their way to thoir ocean veut And the norld that I traverse is wide, is wide, , Aud yet is too iritiow to hold coutout." " O my soul, never say that tho woild is wido The rill m its banks is less olosely pent ; It is thou who ait shoreless ou every sido, ( Aud thy width will not lut theo enclose content." It is scarcely to be supposed that Kenelm should go very far without "finding people who would recognise hiin from time to time.. He is identified whilst going to a harvest homo by an old college Mond. The propriotor of the estate, at which the harvest home is held, proves to bo an old friend of his father, and insists upon.his taking up his abode for a timo at his residence at Neesdalo Park. This gentleman has an only daughter, Cecilia, who is evidently a great favourite with tho author, as will bo seen from tho unreserved terms which ho employs in por- traying her character and appearance ; CECILIA TIIAVEUS. Cecilia Travers hud been singularly favoured by her father's choice of a teacher,-no great merit to him cither. He hid a prejudice against professional governesses, and it chanced that among his own family connections was u certain Mrs. Campion, a lady of some literary distinction, whose husband had held a hiirh situation in one of our public offices, and living, much to his satisfaction, up to a very hand- some income, had diod, much to tho astonishment of others, without leaving u farthing behind him. Fortiiiiutely, there were no ohildron to próvido for. A small goyernment pension was allotted to the widow ; and as hor husband's house had been mado by her one of the pleasnnlpst in London, sho was popular enough to be invited by numerous friends to their country seats-among'otbors, by Mr. Travers Sho carno intending to stay a fortnight. At tho end of that time she had grown so attached to Cecilia, und Cccilia to her, and ber presonco had beooino so plea- sant and so useful to hor host, that tho Squire en- treated her to stay und undertako the education of his daughter. His. Cuuipion, after somo hesitation, giutetully consented ; and thus Cecilia, from tho age of eight to her presout ago of ninoteon, hud the ¡nosliniiihle advantage of living in constant com- panionship with a woman of richly cultivated mind, accustomed to hear tho best criticisms on tho best books, and lidding to no .small accomplishment in literatura tho refinement of manners und that sort of prudent judginont which result from habitual intercourse with an intellectual and gracefully world-wiso circlo of society ; bo that Cecilia herself, without being ut all blue or peduntio, becume one of those ruro young women with wham u woll-educated mau can converso on equal terms-from whom ho gains us much as he can impart to her; whilo a mun who, not curing much about books, is still gentleman enough to vuluo good bleeding, folt a relief in exchsnging the forms of his native language without tho shock of houring that u bishop was " a swell," or a oroquot-party " awfully jolly." A goqd dual of interesting conversation takes place between Kenelm and this lady. Wo should mention that taking up his abode at Ncosdalo for a tiipo, pur hero hud obtained tho temporary uso of suitable dress from homo. Tho following may bo givou as part of the conversation : hVENJNÓ^TALX. ( Cocilia answered, firmly (hough sweetly "Aro there not tilings very practical, and affooting the happiuoBs, not of ouo or two individuals, but of innumerable thousands, in whioh a man liko Mr. Chillingly cannot fail to teel interest, long boloro bo is my father's age ?" " Forgive me ; you do not answer-yon quostinn. I imitate you, and ask what aro thoso things as ap- plicable to a mun like Mr. Chillingly ?" Ouoili» gathered horsolf np us with the desire to expions a great deal iu short suhslunco, aud then said : " In the expression of thought, literature : iu the conduct of notion, polities F" Konelm Chillingly stared duinbfoundored. Isiipposo tho greatest enthusiuet for woman's rights could nut uanoit moro lovoroutiully than ho did the cleverness of women ; but among the ,things whioh tho clover nous of womo'ii did not achieve, ho had always placed '.' laconics." " No woman,1' ho was wont to say, "ever invented un axjom or a provorb." " Mita Travers," he suid at last, " beforo wo pro- ceed further, y uchsu/u to tell mu if that vory torse reply of yours is spontaneous and original, or whether you haye not borrowed it from somo book whioh I have not chanced to road ?" Ceoilia ponderod honestly, and thon Baid, " 1 don't think it is ftom any book ; but I owo so many of my thoughts to Mrs. Campion, and sho lived ao intiuli among olovor mou,' Ihut-" " I soo it all, und accept your definition, no matter whouco it cunio. _ You think 1 might become un author or it politician. Bid you ever road an essay by a living author called ' Motivo Powor ?' " " No." " That essay is dosignod to i m ita to that without motivo power a mau, whatever his talents or his I culture, does nothing practical. The muiuspriugB of I motivo power uro Want and Ambition. Thoy aro ub8ont from my mechanism. By tho accident of birth, I do not require bread und cheese ; by the acculent of tomporaiiioiit and ot philosophical | culture, I, oaru nothing about praise or blaine. But j without wuiil of breud and cheese, and with a moat stolid indiuuronco to pruiso and hi y no, do' you honestly thiuk that ii man will do anything practical iu literatura or politics ? Ask Mrs. Campion." i " I will not ask hor, Is the boiiso of duty I nothing P" i '< Alas ! wo interpret duty so vaiiously. Of mero duty, iib wo commonly' undeistnnd tho word, I do i liot'think I shall fail moro than othor mon. But for 1 the fair development ot all tho good that is in us, do you beliuvu thal wa should adopt somo lino ol conduot against whioh our wholo heart rebels F Can lyon suy to the clerk bo a poet ? Cay you say to tho pout bo uoloik ? It is no moro to tho huppiucss ol u man's being to order bim to tuko to ono career when.his whole hoart is sot on anothor, than it is to cider him to murry ouo woman when it ia lo another woman that his heart will turn." Ceoilia hero winced and lookod away. Konelm had moro tuet than most mon of his ago-that ¡b, a ,keener perception of suhjeots to avoid; but thou Konolin bud a wretched habit of foritotting the person ho talkod to, und talking to hiinsolf. Utterly oblivious of George Belvoir, ho wub talking to him suit now. Not thon obsoiviug tho ofleot his mul-ii propos dogma hud produced on his liatoner, ho wont on-" Happiness is u word vory lightly used. It miiv moan little-it may meun much. Uy the word happiness, I would signify, not tho momentary joy of a child who gets u play- thing, but the lusting harmony between our inclina- tions, and our objuots; und without that harmony, we ure a discord to ourselves, wo ino iuaowplotlons, wo uio failures, Vet thora aro pleuty of advisers who say to us, ' It is a duly to bo a discard.' I dony it." lime Ceoilia rose and said iu u low voico, " It ¡b gutting lulu, Wu must go homoward," They deaocudod the groen einiiionoe slowly, and at first h| silence,, The but* pwu»#iu£ froi» the ¡»fed rup« thoy loft behind, fiittod and skimmed bofore thom, chasing the insects of the night.' A motb, escaping from its pursuer, alighted on Cecilia's breast us if for relugo, "The bats are practical," said Konclm: "they are hungry, and their motive power to-night-is strong. Their inteiest is in the ineeots they'chase. They have no intoroBt in the stars ; but the stars luro the moth. Ceoilia drew bor slight scarf ovor the moth, so that it might not fly off and become a prey, to the bats. " Yor," said she, " tho moth is practical too." "Ay, just now, siuce it hua lound an uaylum from the danger that thieatonod it in its course towards the stars." ". Cecilia' foltUhe boating of hor heart, upon whioh lay the moth concealed. Bid sho think that ¡a deeper and moro tender meaning than thoy outwardly oxprcssed was couched in theao woidB p¡ If so, sho erred. Thoy now neared tho ¡ garden gate, and Kenelm 'paused ns he oponed it, " See,',' ho said, " tho moon has just risen over thoso duik firs, making the still night stiller. Is it not strange that we mortals, placed amid perpetual agitation and tumult and strife,*as if our natural element, conceive a Benas of'holiness in'the images antagonistic to our real life-I mean in images of reposo P I feol at the momont as if I suddenly wore mado botter, now that heaven and earth have suddenly becomo yet moro tranquil. I am now conscious of a purer,and sweotor moral than either I or you drow from the inseot you have sheltered. I must come to the poota to exprosB it- ' ? _ ' ' Tho dosiro of tho moth for tho star, Of tho mjjht for the morrow ; The Ueiotion to something afar , , , j From the sphere of our sorrow.' Oh, that something afur ! that something afar ! nover to be reached on this earth-never, never !" There was such u wail in that cry from the man's heart that Ceoilia could not resist the impulse of a divine compassion. She, luid her bund on his, and looked on the dark mildness of his upwurd fuco with oyes that heaven meant to be wells of comfort to grieving man. At the light touch of that hand Kenelm started, looked down, and mot thoso soothing eyes. " I am happy to toll you that I have saved my Durham," cried out Mr. Travers from the othor side of the gato." After a meeting of this kind one is preparod for tho parting narrated iii the next chapter :- . l'AHTINO Ol' KKNKL.M ANO CECILIA. The next morning Kenelm surprised the party at breakfast by appearing in tho ouarse habiliments in which ho had first made his host's acquaintance. Ho did not glance towards Cecilia whoa ho announced his departure ; but, his eye resting on Mrs. Cumpion, he smiled, perhaps a little sadly, at seeing her eoun tenunco brighten up and hearing her givo a short sigh of relief. Travers triod hard to induce bim to stay a few days longer, but Konelin was firm. '° The Bummer ia wearinir away," said ho, " und I buve far to go beforo the flowers fade and tho snows fall. On the third night from this I shall sleep oh foreigu soil." " You are going abroad theu ? " asked Mrs. Campion. " Yes." " A Budden resolution, Mr. Chillingly. Tho other day you talked of visiting tho Scotch lakes." "True; but, on reflection, they will bo crowded with holiday tourists, many of whom I shull probably know. Abroad I ahull be free, for I shall be unknown." "I suppose you will be baok for the hunting season," said Travers. " I think not. I do not hunt foxes." < i" Probably wo shall at all events moot in London," said Truvers. " I think, after long' rustication, that a season or two in the bustling capital may bo n salutary chango for mind as well as for body ; and it is time that Cecilia woro presented and her court dress specially commemorated in tho columns of the Mormna Pott." Cecilia was seemingly too busiod behind tho tea urn to heed this reference to her dilml. " 1 shall miss you terribly," cried Travers, a few moments afterwards, und with uheuity emphasis. " I dccluro thot you have quito unsettled mo, Your quaint sayings will be ringing in my ears long after you aro gono." There was a rustle as of a woman's dress in sudden chango of movement behind tho tea-urn. " Cissy," Buid Mrs. Campion, " uro wo over to have our tea ?" " I bog pardon," answered a voioo bahind tho urn. " I hear Pompey " (the Skye terrier) " whining on the lawn. They havo shut ¡lim out. I will bo back presently." Cecilia, raso and was'gon'o. Mis. Campion took her placo at the tou-urn. " It is quito absurd in Cissy to bo so fond of that hideous dog," said .Travers, petulantly. "Its hiduousness is its beauty," returned Mrs Campion, laughing. "Mr Belvoir «elected it for hor as having the longest hack and the shortest legs of any dog ho could find in Scotland." " Ah, George gave it to hor : I forgot that," suid Travels, laughiug plousautly. It was somo minutes before Miss Travers roturned with the Skye tori ¡or, mid sha seemed to havo reco- vered her spirits in rogaiuiug that ornamental accession to the party-tulkiiig very quickly und gaily, and with (lushed checks, uko a young person excited by her own'overflow of mirth. But when, half an hour aftorwards, Konnlm took leave of hor and Mrs Campion at tho hull-door, tho flush was gone, her lips wero tightly compressed, aud her parting words woro not uudible. Thou us his figuro (side by sido with hoc father, who accompanied his guest to! the lodge) swiftly passed across tho lawu and vanished amid the trees bojoud, Mrs Campion wound u mothor-liko arm around hor waist and kissed hor. Cecilia shivered and turned har face to hor friend smiling ; but such a smilo,-ono of thoso smiles that seem brimful of tours " Think you dour," she said, meekly ; and gliding away towurdstho flowcr- gnidon, lingered awhile hy the gato whioh Kenelm hud opened the night before. Then sho went with languid steps up the gi con slopes towards tho ruined prioiy. With this puisage, whioh concludes Book III., wo must pauso for a weok, [To bcCoittiniud] 