SERMON Preached by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, at the Opening of the GJmreh Assembly, on 21st October, 1878. 'To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God' (Ephes. iii. 10). The word ecclesicc, which is commonly rendered church in the New Testament Scriptures, is derived from two words which signify to call oiit, and in classical Greek authors designates a popular assembly, convoked, or called out, by some duly appointed authority. In this sense it is used in Acts xix. 39, where the town clerk of Ephesus, having appeased the tumult in that city, reminded the people that any matters which they wished to inquire about should be determined in a lawful assembly. It is also used in Acts vii. 38, and in Heb. ii. 12, for the congregation of God's ancient people Israel. But with these exceptions, to which perhaps should be added Heb. xii. 23, it is applied by the writers of the New Testament always either to the whole, or to some particular portion of the Christian community, that assembly which has been called out of the world by the Word and Spirit of God. This fixed definite signification appears to have been acquired by it from St. Matthew's record of our Lord's saying to Simon in xvi. 18: — 'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' It is found only once besides in the gospels — viz., in Matthew xviii. 17, where it seems to refer to that particular company of Christians with which any individual might be associated. But throughout the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles, and the Book of Revelation, it constantly occurs, as you know, in the two senses that I have mentioned. Into this church, at the time when the Epistle to the Ephesians was written, the Gentile world had become admissible, and many both in Europe and in Asia were actually gathered, Paul himself having been the chief agent employed by God in their evangelisation. Unto him, who describes himself as ' less than the least of all saints,' was ' this grace given that (he) should preach among the Gentiles the un searchable riches of Christ.' The calling of the Gentiles, and their participation with the Jews in all the privileges ? of the gospel, was, the Apostle tells us, ' a mystery which, from the beginning of the world, had been hid in God,' and only then been 'revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit.' By it those who 'were afar off,' and they ' that were nigh,' were all united in one ' household of God,' ' to the intent that unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God.' This appears to be the meaning of my text, from which I now propose, in dependence upon the help of the Holy Spirit, to take occasion to bring under your considera tion the chief particulars which we may gather from the Scrip tures concerning the church at the time when it was written. In the first place I would premise, what is most important to be observed, that, although the language used by the inspired writers in their Epistles was frequently appropriate only to those who, being justified by faith, were at peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, and could therefore rejoice in hope of the glory of God, yet that language was addressed indiscriminately to all who constituted what would be called, according to our 19th Article, 'the visible Church of Christ' at each particular place, i.e., to all who in that place professed and called themselves Christians. The ex planation of this is, that what was in the eyes of men the church in any town or country consisted (as our Lord in the parables of the tares and the wheat, and of the net with good and bad fishes, foretold it always until the end of this dis pensation should consist) not only of his true disciples, whom He had redeemed from all iniquity, and purified unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works, but also of hypocrites and formalists, whom at the last day He would reject as having never known them. ?' But while there existed in the age of the Apostles, and has existed ever since, such a mixture of the child ren of God and the children of the wicked one in every ' visible church,' they were not then, any more than now, certainly dis tinguishable the one from the other. The Lord alone ' knoweth them that are his.' Hence the propriety of the Apostles' language, and, I may add, the propriety .of the language of our Book of Common Prayer, which in this particular, as in of others, is in strict conformity with their Epistles. That church, the elect assembly of all true believers, which, has ever been, and until the appointed time always will be, contained within what we commonly call the church, but which Christ shall hereafter present unto Himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle, or any such thing, but holy and without blemish, is undoubtedly the church by which is known unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places the manifold wisdom of God. But since all the out ward means which God has provided for adding to this blessed company of his faithful people, and carrying on his work of grace in them, are furnished in and through some ' visible church,' I shall in my present sermon speak of the church considered as the aggregate of all these, and direct your attention to the particulars which we may gather from the Scriptures concerning its nature, character, and organi sation as it existed in the life- time of St. Paul. The reason for my selecting this subject is my belief, that by the careful study of God's written Word under the teaching of - His Holy Spirit, we may obtain a more correct opinion than now generally prevails as to the true relation of the various Christian denominations, as they are called, toward God and toward each other, and so, by- his blessing, may greatly promote the increase and spiritual edification of that true church which shall show forth the praises of God and of Christ throughout the ages of eternity. In the age of the Apostles all who, upon a profession of their repentance and belief in the gospel, were, with their families, baptised 'in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy .Ghost,' constituted, together with their families, ' the church,' and among its characteristics are especially to be noted these two — its catholicity and its unity. The catholicity of the church, as exhibited in the Scriptures, is one of its most obvious features. The Apostles were commanded — and the commandment was evidently intended to include all who should be associated with, or succeed them in the work of evangelisation — to go 'and teach (make disciples of) all nations,' or, according to the record of St. Mark, to go ' into all the world, and preach the gosjjel to every creature.' There was to be no distinction between one people and another people, or between one individual and another individual. Repentance and remission of sins were to be proclaimed in Christ's name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem. And the Apostles and the Evangelists strictly obeyed their Master's directions ; so that St. Paul could say that the sound of the gospel had gone into all the world, and its words to the end of the earth. As soon as it was understood, through the conversion, of Cornelius and the commission subsequently given to St. Paul, that the Gentiles were to be admitted into the church without becoming subject to the law of Moses, every barrier of separation between man and man was at once removed; and Jews and Gentiles, Greeks and barbarians, the wise and the unwise, the' bondman and the freeman, all took their places side by side as equals in the church. And with its catholicity there was an universallyrecog nised unity. The church throughout all the world was one. We never read of two churches in rivalry with and opposed to one another. There were particular churches in different places, as 'the church that was at Antioch,' 'the churches of Galatia,' and others, but these were all parts of the same Catholic or Universal Church, and all in communion with one another. Aquila and Priscilla did not change their church when they removed from Corinth to Ephesus, or from Ephesus to Some. Nevertheless, we should form a very mistaken conception of the character of the primitive Apostolic Church if we sup posed, because of -this catholicity and unity, that there were no differences of doctrine or practice, no strife or divisions within it. We learn from the Scriptures that while the whole body of Christians throughout the world constituted one Church, there existed in it what we should call sects, or parties. St. Paul has described the schisms which existed in the Church at Corinth ; how every one of them said, ' I am of Paul, and I of Apollos, and I of Cephas, and I of Christ.3' These factions see.m to have arisen chiefly, if not wholly,. from an undue partiality for particular ministers. But the differences between the Jewish and Gentile converts, as to the obligation of the various rites and restrictions of the Mosaic law, occa^ sioned more serious .and painful controversy ; so serious as in one instance to cause the two most eminent Apostles to take opposite sides, and compel Paul to rebuke Peter to his face; Allusions to these differences and their consequences occur in several of St. Paul's Epistles, but their injurious effects are most clearly exhibited in that to the Churches of Galatia. In it the Apostle intimates that through the influence which the Judaising teachers had gained over them, those churches had become estranged from him, and were in danger of so corrupt ing the Gospel as to make Christ become of no effect unto them. Moreover, besides these causes of division, there were among the disciples errors in the faith utterly subversive of the fundamental truths of Christianity, e.g., that held by some at Corinth, that there is no resurrection of the dead ; and others respecting the person of Christ, which are indicated, although, only obscurely, in the Epistles of St. John. It is also to be noted that there existed in some ministers, and even in some churches, as that at Corinth and those of Galatia, a disposi tion to resist the authority of the Apostles themselves. Of this the most remarkable instance is that of Diotrephes, of whom St. John complained that he loved ' to have the pre eminence,' and therefore would not receive the brethren sent with letters from the Apostle to the Church over which he appears to have presided, but cast out those that did receive them. The catholicity and unity which characterised the Church in the life-time of the Apostles were, therefore, consistent with, and maintained in the presence of, various sects and parties, much controversy concerning particular doctrines and religious observances, and some actual resistance to the authority of the Apostles. This fact deserves our special attention j for when we reflect upon these elements of discord, which seem to have been at least as great as any that now exist in the reformed branches of the Church of Christ, the question naturally sug gests itself, Why was it that no disruption of the Church took place ? The reason cannot have been that it was prevented by the exercise of apostolic authority ; for, as I have ob served, we have direct evidence of resistance to that authority, and the recorded instances of it being exercised are exceedingly rare — only, so far as I remember, those of Ananias and Sap phira, Elymas the sorcerer, the incestuous person at Corinth, and Hymeneus and Alexander, mentioned in 1 Tim. i. On the contrary, the cause to which, I infer from the Scriptures, it is to be ascribed is the exact opposite — the abstinence of the Apostles from the use of that power of punishment with which they were invested, and their moderation in dealing not only with conscientious differences on matters of sub ordinate importance, but also with grave errors of doctrine, and very dangerous departures from the simplicity of Christian worship. For although St. Paul intimated to the Corinthians that he might- be compelled to come, unto them 'with a rod,' and threatened 'not to spare,' but to be ' revenged on all disobedience,' and although he pronounced all who should preach another gospel than that which he had preached, accursed, and told the Galatians that he would they were even cut off who troubled them, yet his Epistles plainly show that he applied himself to the correction of the errors and. corrupt practices prevailing in various churches, not (except in the few instances above mentioned) by excom-. municating the offenders, but by earnest appeals to their. reason, their conscience, and their affections. However any might offend against himself, their offences never estranged him from them ; however any might be deceived by false apostles, or led astray by their own passions and prejudices, he never ceased to regard them and communicate with them as members of the one Church of Christ. He forbade indeed the keeping up of friendly intercourse with heretics, and such, as caused divisions, and those who did not obey his injunc tions, but he would have them to be always admonished as brethren, not counted as enemies. Concerning the organisation of the primitive church, very little is told us, and the silence of the writers of Scripture, we must always remember, is as much inspired of God as their utterances. That they have not told us more is because He would not have us to know more. Let us, then, note what they do, and what they do not, tell us. In the Epistles of. St. Paul we read that God ' set in the church,' or Christ 'gave,' 'apostles, prophets, evangelists,' together with 'pastors and teachers;' but we are nowhere informed how u any of these, except the apostles, were appointed, nor are ?? their peculiar functions or authority anywhere described. In the Book of Acts also it is recorded that Paul and Barnabas,, in every church which they founded on their missionary :]. journey, ordained ' elders ;' and from Acts xx. it appears ; that there were at Ephesus ' elders of the church,' whom the... Holy Ghost had made ' overseers' or bishops over the flock.. Likewise in 1 Thess. v. certain persons are spoken of as , labouring among the disciples, and as ' over them in the; Lord;' and the Epistle to the Hebrews incidentally informs, us that there were rulers over them, who watched ' for their - souls as they that must give account.' Moreover, in 1 Tim. - v. 17, we find this injunction: — 'Let the elders that rule ; well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they-, who labour in the word and doctrine.' It is therefore . ; probable, although it is nowhere stated, that the ' pastors - and teachers' mentioned in Eph. iv. were identical with. ? the elders 'who laboured in the word and doctrine.' We may also certainly infer that the elders or presbyters: were identical with the bishops whom Timothy and Titus,: were commissioned by St. Paul to ordain at Ephesus and : Crete; and who, as we may gather from those two Epistles, at that time constituted, as did likewise the deacons who seem to have been attendants and helpers to them, a recog-: nised order of ministers in the church; being solemnly set , apart with the laying on of hands either by the Apostles : themselves, or by persons expressly commissioned for the. purpose. This usage of the church, however, if it was a usage, is only known to us inferentially. It is nowhere, expressly mentioned or declared to be of universal obligation. ; Moreover, it is to be noted that nowhere in the Scriptures is to be found any indication of the liberty of preaching, or of administering the Sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper being restricted to those who had received authority for the purpose - from the Apostles. On . the. contrary, that there was no such restriction may not only be inferred from . the general statements in Acts viii. 4, and xi. 19-21, but is incontrovertibly proved by the history of Apollos, whom Paul expressly recognise as a minister that ' watered' where he had 'planted,' but who certainly, while at Corinth, was. personally unknown to any of the Apostles. ' For, as is , related of him in Acts xviii., he came to Ephesus from Alexandria, knowing only the baptism of John, and having' been there more perfectly instructed in the way of God by Aquila and Priscilla (the woman Priscilla, as well as her. husband Aquila, is mentioned as his instructor), he proceeded . at once to Corinth, where he helped them much who had; believed through grace; for he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publicly, showing by the Scriptures that Jesus was Christ. . We arrive then unhesitatingly at the conclusion, that the; Scriptures make no mention of any divinely-ordained organi-: sation of the church, and therefore in the strict sense of the words, i.e., as implying an obligation upon the whole church to adopt it, there is no such organisation. This con-; elusion, you will observe, is perfectly consistent with ? the. statement of our ordinal, that 'from the Apostles' times there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's church-r— bishops, priests, (or presbyters), and deacons ;' and also with the belief that God has appointed them by his ' divine pro-, vidence' and by his ' Holy Spirit.' And now, my brethren, what inferences concerning ,. the, church. at this present time may we draw from these, particular^ gathered out of the Scriptures concerning the church in the time of the apostles ? What may we learn from the consider ation of its catholicity and unity co-existing with its differ ences of opinion as to religious observances, its sects and parties, its false doctrine, and in some instances its actual re sistance of apostolical authority; and lastly, the absence in it of any divinely-ordained organisation 1 First of all we may infer in what aspect God regards, and therefore in what aspect we ought to regard, the church as it exists in the sight of man upon the earth. Can we doubt that, notwithstanding all its manifold corruptions of doctrine and practice, all its diversities of government and worship, all its varieties of rites and ceremonies, God regards it as one church, which is the aggregate of all particular churches, Greek and Koman, Episcopalian and Presbyterian, Wesleyan, Independent, Baptist, Holy Apostolic, and all others, by whatever name they may choose to designate themselves; and if God so regard the church, ought not we so to regard it also ? What authority have any to limit the Catholic Church, as some do, to those churches which they esteem to be sound in doctrine, and pure in worship ; or, as others do, to those who have retained what they believe to be the ecclesiastical con stitution handed down from the Apostles? Let us, my beloved brethren, avoid all such presumption, and regard every Christian community, as a part of that 'Catholic Church,' for whose ^ood estate our church teaches us to pray — ' that it may be so guided and governed by God's Holy Spirit, that all who profess and call themselves Christians may be led into the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the. bond of peace, and in righteousness of life.' Let us ?remember that a schism in the church and a disruption, of the church are quite different -things. The innumerable schisms which exist within the church are deeply to be deplored, as defacing its beauty and impairing its strength; but they are not to be spoken of as if they destroyed the substantial oneness of the whole body. Secondly, we may infer that what is often alleged to be a fatal defect in the constitution of our own particular church — the toleration of unscriptural doctrine, and practices in its members, and even in its ministers — is really one of its chief ?excellences. If, indeed, it authorised the holding and teach ing of false doctrine, or the use of superstitious practices, it would deserve the condemnation which has been passed upon it. But this it does not do. Its Articles and Catechism, its Liturgy and various offices, are, I believe, as free from error as any of human composition can be. Its forms of prayer and rules for worship are all consistent with our Lord's saying, ' God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Hiin in spirit and in truth.' AH that can be truthfully charged against it is, that in its Articles of Faith, and its directions for Divine Service, it has not laid down such explicit and positive restrictions as to prevent the admission, or ensure the exclusion, of all who corrupt the gospel of Christ by a false philosophy, or by the traditions and commandments of men. But did the Apostles themselves lay down any such restrictions? Was the church in their age more free than in our own from the admixture of false doctrine and superstitious prac tices 1 Were all who attempted to turn away the disciples from the simplicity that is in Christ expelled from its communion ? No. Excommunication, or expulsion from the ministry, was not the usufil weapon with which the Apostles contended for the faith. It was not thus that they strove to silence gain sayers. Let us then plainly tell those who condemn our church in this matter, that we prefer to suffer the evils inci dental to its present apostolic comprehensiveness, or, as they would say, its latitudinarianism, rather than incur the risk of greater evils, to which we think the adoption of a strict modern code of ordinances would expose it. We prefer to trust to the reason and conscience of its clergy and people, and to the gracious influence of the Spirit of God, for preserving it from a disingenuous perversion of its Articles and formularies, rather than protect it on every side, as some would have us do, by a hedge of prohibitive enactments. These appear to me two very important practical inferences which we may draw from the Scriptures concerning the church as it now exists in the world, and concerning our own branch of it in particular. But we must remember, as I noticed in the beginning of my sermon, that this church is not actually identical with, but only contains within it the true Church of Christ, the church which is 'his spouse and his body;' and that it is by the increase and spiritual edification of the latter, , under all the varieties of external structure which the. former may assume, that ' the manifold wisdom of God ' is made known 'unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places.' It is over one repentant sinner, whether he be found at Rome or Geneva, in England or in Scotland, that the angels rejoice. It will be when 'the great multitude which no man can number of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues,' having washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb, shall stand 'before the . throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands,' and shall cry 'with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb,' that all the angels who stand about the throne .. shall join the triumphant chorus, and fall before the throne on their faces, and worship God, saying, 'Amen: Blessing and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.' 0 then, my brethren, let us bear always in mind that each particular church is precious in the sight of God, and of the holy angels, only for the sake of the true church which is con tained in it. All besides is only like the husk of a fruit which will be thrown away as worthless. If we ourselves be mem- ; bers of this holy Catholic Church, let us regard all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, in whatever religious com munity they are found, as our fellow-members, united with us in the fellowship of the gospel, the true 'communion of saints.' If what I have now said has startled any of you, I would ask you to do in this, as we all ought to do in every question concerning the faith and duty of a Christian, inquire, ' What , saith the Scripture?' .It matters not what this or what that, man has said. That which it concerns us to know is, what God has said in his written Word ? , ? «a» ? ? 