rPBFsmNTAr IONTO TEE REV. . -; JO '? O'SULLIVAN, On Tuesday evening last, in the school. room, Bentnick-street, the members of All Saints Catholic Church presented the Rev. John D. O'Sullivan, the pastor about to be removed to Melbournie, with the following address and a purse contain. leg 60sovereigns. The school-room was crowded, Mr Edward Owens in. makinr the presentation said :--Ladies and Gentlemen, I need not tell you how delighted I feel in assisting you"in this slight testimonial of our affectin'-to our Priest, moreso when -oure.aentiments.are endorsed by o many, of oar Townsmen .who slightly differ. sith us isa 'airdligious point of view, but whbsit-differinl.61 agree to pay this mark of respect to the gentleman who is about to leave us. I need say nothing further as-the -addreas which I will now readwiUl lam sure echo the feeligesoand wishes- ofs all.. i He then read the address :-To the Rev. John D. O'Sullivan. Reverend Sir, -We the undersigned, members of your Portland Congregation and othere feeling deep sympathy in-your removal aind:a still deeper. sense of -the. able and energetid.way-in which your -Spintuos and Pastoral duties in the Church'aod amongst yotur people have been perform. ed, take this mode in the presentation of this purse. to express, in some, alight degree, ackn0wledgement of O 'apsrecia. tion of your service--as- Christian Priest; and in bidding you farewell we wish you long life and continued: appre. ciationu'wherever your services!i?:Pastor may be required. After. reedieg the address Mr Owens thanked the peopleof Heywoodrfor, the assistance renderedithe" Portland Church in bringing the movement to such a successful issue. - - . In reply the Rev, J D. O'Suallivan said : -It is with feelings of the deepest regret I leave you. Toe sentiments which you have expressed towards me Lwill always carry in my heart. The love, respect, and friendship you have always shown me and which you have to night beauti. fully and cordially expressed have made a deep impression my heart. As testimonies which r. value highly, far above the substantial offering which- accompanies proves yeas depth of feeling; they will ever be souvenirs to me, whether treading the lonely bush-track or mingling in the busy crowded throng of daily- life, or 'when duty calls me to the lonely sick-bed mid the forest irimeval far from the noisy haunts of men. - There with -nature and nature's God the throes of sickness and the woes of life surrounding presents a sad spectacle of humanity and mnty renal to my mind my own sufferings, sorrows and- trials;' the esteem of you my Portland friends will be a solace amid all hardships and:will incite me to bear the loss I feel i pairting from you now. I have seen and been among a large number of congregations hutt of all my lobor I will- ever' think my- stay.amoug you was the most cheeriug., ; - If in other respects things looked not bright, the esteem, of his flock is like oil to the braised heart of the priest, and the cheerful compliance on your part: ofidll required of you by your faith and church was the greatest pleasure you could afford me. This is a fact. : You haves always according to your power done your duty. Let us hope then we may one day reap the reward, grieve not -if ud's.provi. deuce separates us here below .sIu heaven we shall all be united. Let whatever of riutemperate auger.. has . producaped among you of distrust or contention o" abreaking of the mutual.'charity which' should be the bond of all pass away; resmember we are all childreu..of the one. God and Father, redeemed- by :the -.mmaculate Lamb, sanctiffed by the- Holy Ghost. Pour, the sweet oil 6f -charity on the waters.. distured, by . nger; Heal the wounds which still uleed by the balsaisu of lose and. friendship.; be steadfast in youir faith' and pity, not punish 6orrevile or rebuke or hurt.the erring ones, seeking to bring them back as good shepherds, for over the lost oues.canversions iasmofe joy than over the perrseverance of the just. And now my dear, dear, friends good bye, I will with pleasure always remeru her you. In every moment I may have an opportunity of thinking you my dear people of Portland. shall be present to my nind . Farewell, be always bdnd to my suc censors as you have been tome; bealways loving and kind to one another, be always charitable, good arid kind to all who may differ from you while steadfast in the faith once delivered to the saints, but always remember charity covers a multitude of sins and then with God's grace you will keep the command--love one another as I have loved you. Farewell -my dear people, God prosper you. Be neighbours. each to the other, anti with heart. felt feelings Father O'Sllivvaa bids- you fare well. I am. also deeply affected by the kind. uess of my Protestant friends. It will always be a pleasdre to morto. think we have gone on together withbut'i any ill feeling oh my part and oahthe pirt of my congrogatlish. I thauk them.;.I hope el ways there will be the b same mutual friend ohipeand feeling among the congregatsons. You my kind friends who may differ from me accept my si?icere -and beat thanks. . . My very dear kind friends,[: lidies and children of my Portland congregation--I thank you for your kindness,, and thebs sentiments you. have epressed towards. me to-night. SThe children'doPortlaiid can vlewith any i. the colosy. The ladldes ire all that gontlenese,good nature, hd the'soft disposition with. which natnre-lia eno dowed thein could be,they, are charitable, good and.klird. .' In conclusion, I most only say, Father O!Sullivau will ever remember your al lectioa and esteem. ·- Always will with pleasure think of my cohnecthi; with Portlind. ' And'you, m dear,' kind lady friends, you, my dear little bildren, shael be to'Father OStdillivan. a -besoun light of goodness, and the remembranee of your virtues a comfort to lih'mmihis trials. " Tie girl lMary - anl Dimmock,' who hid horeself in the ranges the o;her dcy. is, " the Gren~ille 2'imaesestates, "progressing. favourably.: At first it was feared. ,bshe would boattcked withforer,~ad delirium,. but she is neadrlp'yall right, and, we need scarcely. reportthatbhei in her right mind.. \VWe were glad to notice that Mr M'Millan who fell down a 40ft bshaft while looking. for her, has so far recovereod as- to be ableo to go about his business,' The New Southl Walous aridth Quneeise land OGverm tsnteo lost no time in sppris ilg Lord Kiimberley of their determinua -tine not to ha parties.to the mall contract betweeoon Victoria and :the-: n; and O0 Compasy. O the 18th Junthe tJuneth follow Ing telegram was sent frm? Sir Hercules Rubinson.to Lord Kimberley :-"" Sydney,, 17th 'Ju'ne.--Minieters reqnuest me to- ir form your lordship that the Goversnments of New South l.Walee, and Queensland cannot boe partioa to.mall contract made by Oovernmnsit of': Victoria." - 