Mr. Buchanan, either In accordance with instructions received or from sheer lovo of mischief and desire to talk and be talked of, hns again attempted to stir up religions dissensions by re-introducing his motion of last session, to the effect that in the opinion »f the Assembly the non-teaching of history in our Public Schools 1b calculated to impair the usefulness and efficiently of our system of publio education, and that Government should forthwith adopt means by which instruction in history— and especially the history of England — shall be Imparted In all schools subsidised by the State. In his speeoh the bon. gentleman, na on the former occasion, ndverted to the desirability of imparting to children details as to the Massacre of St. Bartholomew, the career of Luinsn, and the Reformation — viewed, of course, from a strictly Protestant standpoint. He also urged that the presence of a few Roman Catholic children at a Public School should not prevent suoh subjects being studied, and attributed tho exclusion of such secular history from the curriculum of Public Schools to priestly influence. The lack of truthfulness, vulgar intolerance, and palpable absurdity of the remarks made and proposals put forth went far to neutralise their intended mis cliiovoua purpose, and Mr Parkks replied with calmness and eftect, pointing out that in unsectarian primary education modern history — as at present written, at least — must neces* Wily be excluded.. He admitted that this wa3 » defect, and- Moved-, aa' an., amendment, -; : tlintXJovornment should bring the -question^ ^J^^irfi^^oMoUc^^^&jj;^j^^^ Education^ ''' 'wttfea' vie-w4o'a repor?Klng*ro- lnw|ij^SiB information of Parliament, which amendment was adopted. We shall be surprised to learn that the Council of Education either oonsidcr it possible to frame an unobjectionable and instructive epitome of the history of England or recommended that the attempt shall be made. Bacon's dictum, that ' most men's thoughts are much according to their incli nations,' is eurely true as respects most histories that have been published. Histor ians write under the influence of principles and modes of thought which they have had instilled into them In childhood, or have subsequently adopted. We hare Roman Catholio, Protestant, high Tory, Whig, and Radical histories, or portions of histories, of England. Some writers consider Henky Villas a brutal, despotic, arrogant,. licentious monster ; in the eyes of others lie was a wise Monarch, possessing vast power of will and of a generally amiable disposition, though rather uxorious, and inclined to deal with his wives summarily when be became tired of them. According to some historians his daughter Maey vas a good, pious, sincere Queen ; according to others she well deserved the title of Bloody Maiiy. Similar differences of opinion exist as to the relative merits of Mary, Queen of Scots, and Elizabeth, of England ; and as respects the characters of tho Stuarts, Oliver Cromwell, William of Oiunge, itc. How can these different views lie harmonised, or a history of England for school use that would not be open to objec tion be produced 1 The only way to. do this would be to give a mere dry, colourless, utterly uninteresting catalogue of the varied British Sovereigns that have reigned, with the dates of their accession to tbo Throno and of their decease. Even the brief descriptions placed under sundry ill-favored woodcuts of English KiDgB and Queens to be found in ancient spelling books, such as ' a wiao and sagacious monarch,' or ' a brutal and blood thirsty tyrant ' would bo open to exception, (is conveying wrong impressions. If the pupils at Public Schools are taught to read their mother tonguo with iutelligonce and .comprehension of its meaning, and to use .their reason, a key, so to spoak, is placed in their hands which will enable them to unlock for themselves the stores of historical and literary lore contained in the works of our beBt writers ; and this ib all that primary schools can be expected to provide. An attempt to carry out Mr Buchanan's pro posals would certainly cause discord and confusion, and would tend to injure the Public School ByBtem, and to give an impetus to Denominational teaching. It is to be regretted that in the debate on this question, in the Assembly, on the 11th inst., Mr Fqrster displayed considerable petty, snarling malignity in his attacks on Mr Pabkes. To rake up old scandals that are dead, and ought to be buried, us to the Kiama ghost and tho present Premier's interviews with O'Parrell, is surely conduct unworthy of a gentleman possessing tho powers, culture, and standing of tho hon. Member for Illawarra. 