VOICE OF THE PULPIT [This column is entirely supplied by correspondents, and every communication we receive on Monday morning upon the subject has its place here.] At the Lonsdale street Baptist Church, tho Rev. Jno. Turner preached in the morning from the words in Mark II., 17th verse. "They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick : I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." Mr. Turner said that the "whole" are the unregenerate who have experienced nose of the terms of God's holy law, not being convicted of sin; but who are satisfied with their own doings and actions. During Christ's sojourn here the Pharisees expressed great surprise at his associating with publicans, extortioners, men of the lowest rank in life ; but there were some of Christ's sick amongst them ; for instance, Levi., "The whole need not a physician." In these words are embodied the leading feature of Christ's ministry. It was this that made him so obnoxious to the multitude, and that will also cause you to be hated if you are enabled to follow in his footsteps. Until the Lord is pleased to send His Spirit, applying the law of God, revealing man's irretrievable state by nature, man knows not that he is sick ; nay, he feels as described in the text every whit whole. Ask the mere professor what his hope of salvation cost him. He will not understand you, never having experienced any torture of mind on the subject. Thousands assemble at places of worship, making use of the name of Christ, and perhaps the words "Lord have mercy upon us miserable sinners," who have never felt any misery arising from the knowledge of the fact that not having obeyed the law, they are therefore "cursed," and in this position they must remain unless they were included in that number whom "Christ foreknew and predestinated to be conformed to the image of his Son." Under these circumstances the profession of his name amounts to mere mockery. The soul born of God has the disease developed in him in due time, is made aware of his fallen state, and painfully anxious as to his future condition, tries, perhaps, times without number, to reform this human nature, till he at length finds himself thoroughly helpless, that he can in and of himself perform no act but that which like Cain's offering is unacceptable. in God's eyes. The soul has then revealed to him that Christ was smitten for him, for him suffered, and for ever borne his sins away ; that Jehovah accepted the sacrifice and the soul is accepted in and by the sacrifice— Christ. " He came not to call the righteous." What will our free- will friends say to this? Those designated "righteous" in these words are all those who have not the malady developed in them, who think themselves righteous. You must have capacity given you are you can realise your position as a sinner. "A sinner is a sacred thing ; The holy Ghost hath made him so." We find that Levi was prepared by the Holy Spirit to receive the revelation. "Faith cometh by hearing." How can a man then hear unless he has the capacity of hearing specially bestowed upon him. In Romans viii, we read a cluster of blessed things in connection with the call. " Called, predestinated, justified and glorified." ' Miss Turner, aa nsual, preached morning and evening in tho Unitarian Church to good and attentive congregations, the theme of her discourses having reference to the ov>v>wft«tnViinr» Hliriakmft'. ftlvl to the faith Of the "so-called Christians" with regard to the divinity of Christ. _ Tho fair preacher, however, unhesitatingly informed her hearers that neither sho nor tho oburoh to which Bhe belonged considered their was sufficient evi dence to be found in tho Bible of the divinity of Christ ; ergo, rtjeofed the assumption of others for something more nonnd and endur ing, adding, " that Christ himself had no idea when on earth that future nations would make a god of him," and were He now on earth tbe probabilities wore that He would not be found on tho Sabbath day in any church or chapel, but going about doing good. Both disoonrses wore dollverod In Miss Turner's usual style, whioh no one who heard her could conscientiously object to. Christxas Pbesknts and "Tub Gift Depot." — It gives us much pleasure to draw tho attention of our readers to tho matchless variety of beauti ful Fancy Goods at tho abovo establishment. Brer to the fore with all that is novol and pretty, " Una Gift Depot," 51 Bourke street east, has long won, and sustained an enviablo popularity for supplying the most elegant and suitablo articles for presents. Selections may be made with tho greatest easo, celerity and satisfaction, so excellent and convenient is tho syBtom of display, Christmas Tree Ornamcats are hore in profusion, most decidedly "too numerous to mention." A now stock of Tricks, Games, and Pozzies are also to hand, and should be par ticularly acceptable at this season. A very pretty sample of handiwork is exhibited in goods made of Derbyshire spar. This beautiful |stone rasombles marble, it ia of varied hue, and must he seen to bo appreciated. Amongst the many things of this material are Watcnstands, Fin Trays, Match Barrels, Mortars, Ring Stands, ' Posado i'ots, Spill Holders, and Tobacco Jars, 'sat prices from le 6d per pair. Also, a variety of veiv novel l'ancv Goods "of satin wood, and orna- me. tited with views of Melbourne. Not only will '-the le be acceptable as Souvenirs of pur adopted Jane'., hot they possess the additional charm ot utili ty. Altogether ' wo can confidently recom mend A visit to all. who want to possess "tho latest thing. " '"Tho Melbourne Souvenir," contai rang sixteen views, is published at " The Qui Defoi," price 5s. Cd. It is prettily bound, nnd ca s bo posted to Hurnpn for twopence. A R KMARKABLB' DISCOVERY.— Professor Solomont Aaron, whose laboratory is situate 105 Stephen street, corner of Little Bourko Btreet, has mado perhaps ono of the greatest discorories of the age'. The Profess or has invented a refri gerator po taessing wonderful powers, and at the present hirt season tho invention will bo hailed with delight by everybody. Tho history of Mr. Aaron's extraordinary invontion for cooling the human body may bo best told in the Professor's own words:— "After many years of profound study " said tbe philosopher to tbs distinguished pressman who interviewed him, "I discovered that pnper is lighter than cloth, leather, felt, flannel, linen, silk; gold, silver, iron, braae, copper .tin, precious stoncfi, flott soap, or lead. JNow whe n a patient cojuou mo complaining that 'ho feels too warm, I say f« him, ' Of coarse I ou are llow can you expect to feel coo) vntn that heavy coat on 1 Do yon jiasfdno that cvn, ' your massive brow can bear top weight of that bell topper 1 Why, the pornl. ..ofy of thai gold | watch and chain is draggiug you .earthward. Tne cold pin yon wear in your i carf is helping v; bring on a fit of apoplexy. Those rings paralyso your fingers, (« look liko a Hanky giant shod with canoca This argument," continued tho Professor, ' generally convinces the pationt, and I at onoe proceed to refri,'?erato him. The prooess jB as follows The patient takes off everything he has on, with the exception or his socks and papo collar, which ar,\ f 110 „va !f' fold up the th mgu, soil the pationt a light trousers at-Vl vest, shirt, hat, and dust coat, give him more money than he over saw before, and ptofont him with a picco of papor upon which the following Sstic words are traoe.X ! ' SetoMoir Aamw, Lioinsbb Pawnbrokeb, NO. .XOoSiErnHH TOOBM, oornhr OF Little Bourke.S'.WIOT. Miis cam- pistes tho process, and the pat leatdoparta a rich, amffiBg,happy.and thoroughly r.vfnfioratedmaii." . After hhvi thus hastily sketch.sd the outhne , M hi« invention, the professor showe'd the talented reporter a tank, aaS said, " Behola1 TOM cooling and warming mixture ! I am not .'rifiah. nor havo I any desire to be uecrotivo, so I wui give you my rocipo :-Take of coats. .1 ton ,- ljpusorg, 100 measures (more or less) j flutes, tot. ; tmc tare of bate, half a tcruplo ; flat irons,41b. ; nndor- clothing, na much as you can-got ; fiddles, 1 viol full : watcbos, ad. lib. ; jewellery, OMilne sMts full wsenco of everything, 2, 0(H) cwt. Thatia mv mixture' sir," said tho learned professor, as he concluded by thrustipg his hands more dekily ' into his breeches pockots, "and I am preud to feei that I can buy, aall, or advance money on any thing, or everything, and that my name is BpioitOH Aarohb, Incen PaTObroker, of 106 BVephpS'ilXrteti cowr vt la Wo Bonikfl-stioet. . 