SKJfiK-IUTK (All"'* Indian Mail.) J Tun proper treatment of snnko-bitcs in a country isfostod as India ia with many kinds of »onomous serpents, is a question whoso importance speaks for itself in the fact Hot fourteen or fifteen thousand person« die every year in lndiafroin snake-bite alone. Of late years thc subject has formed a standing topic of discussion or illustration in tho Indian papers. Bemody after romcdy IWB beon advocated, tried, dropped, and (ried again, to littlcpurposcbeyondstrenglhcn ing nnd unpleasaut conviction that all lmoT*£?omcdics and modes of trentincut are alike uncertain in their effects. Bien, like Dr. Fayrer, who have devoted years to the search for antidotes worthy of the name, haro been compelled to own thc failure of their efforts, or hove found tho results of their own experiments belied by the experience of other labourers in the same field. Some time ago we heard much about tba virtues of ammonia, whether taken inwardly or injected into tho veins ; but even tfie latter process, soe m s have lost its original charm, and Dr. Fayrer himself has como round to the disheartening conviction that lhere is no such thing as a cure for the bite of poisonous snakes. It has even been acknowledged that in this respect our old friend the mongoose is a mere im- poster, who will die of snake-bito as surely as that other pretender to secret kntwledge, tbe Indian snake-charmer, if ho happens to feel the cobra's fangs in his own flesh. There is still bopo however for the bitten and their despairing sympathisers in a little pamphlet bearing tho well known name of Dr. Butter, whose former services ss a medical officer of the East India Company date back to a period which the present generation will deem remote. In more than one letter addressed to tho Times during the last twelvemonth, Dr. Butter pointed to tho results of his own expérience in the first quarter of this century, as showing bow easily the annual loss of life from snake-bile could be averted or reduced to a trifling figure. His second letter, written in May of thia year, leads off tho present pamphlet, sod prepares tho way for a reprint of the interesting " Notes on the Treatment of Persons Bitten by Venomous Snakes," which first appeared in 1825 in the " Transactions " of the Medical and Physical Society of Calcutta. From these and other documents which make up this timely contribution to the literature of snake-bite, wo learn how successfully a company's surgeon treated that branch of bis studies about fifty years ago in what were then- the snake ridden jungles of Gorakbpur. In tho years 1823 and 1824 a ecore of cases inore or leas dangerous carno under hu hands; most of the sufferers being Sepoys, who were brought in for treat- ment from five to twenty minutes after they had been bitten. In most of these cases the worst symptoms had already begun to show themselves, such _ as insensibility and difficulty of swallowing, aggravated sometimes by violent spasms of the back and complete syncope. His mode ot treatment oegan with applying two turns of a stout cord round the wounded limb, just above tbe wound, so as to stop the flow of blood through the uppermost veins. "A drachm of laudanum (which drops about 100 to the drachm) and an ounce of brandy were then administered in two or three ounces of water, warm when procurable, with a little sugar and essence of peppermint." This dose was repealed at need until the circulation and the surface-beat were restored, a result which seems to have been materially aided by walking the patient about supported by two men. Sometimes two or three doses of laudanum and brandy completed the patient's cure. At other times however yet stronger measures were needed to restore the natural warmth of the body. "The patient was exposed to a large fire, and his throat, chest, and extremities were rubbed with laudanum, ni monia, and sulphuric ether, while Otxjuent attempts were made to make him swallow tibs usual dose, and when he recovered in a slight degree the uso of his legs, he was walked or dragged about, and repeated . doseB of the laudanum and brandy administered, till every unfavourable symptom disappeared." Not till then was the ligature removed. An ounce or Two of Kpsom salts served to prevent any ¡ barm that might eke have arisen from the previous doses ; and the patient, if a Sepoy, returned to his duty the next day. It wag Dr. Butler's rare fortune to cure one patient two year's running of tho same complaint. In 1825 the same Sepoy who had been to his house insen- sible from snake-bite tho year before, . c^me running towards him bleeding from fresh wounds inflicted by another cobra. The old remedies were again applied, and the sufferer again owed bis life to bis formeúariour. Many years later, when Dr. Butter was Civil Surgeon nt Benares, a nativo Babu, to whom ho had imparted the fruits of his own ex- periences, was able to tell him of twenty caeca successfully treated on Dr. Butter's system by tho Balm himself. In 1851 an indigo-planter near Azimgnrli in- formed thc doctor that ho too had fol- lowed his method, and "never lost a case." Of tho importaut part played by the lignlure in these caseB, Dr. Butter WOB firmly convinced by one of tho only two failures which he has lo record, lie made a poiut of never removing the ligntuiu until thc medicines administered had thoroughly dono their work, os shown by the returning pulse and heat. Once, however, he was called away for a few minutes from n boy of twelve, who was going on nicely when ho*left him. On his return he found that tho ligature had been uuticd, nor could any efforts of his arouse the patient from tho con ty I sequont collapse. The second failure >», J «ras owing to Dr. Butte.',, deport ure io j from his usual method, in lefcrrnre to tho advocates of ammonia, \mmonia, il, j it wag enid, lind never filled, "«tis next patient was accordingly trenton with that medicine in doses of haifa drachm each, combined with laudanum and brandy. For a time all wont well, and the patient was discharged. But a few hours afterwards tho spasms of Hie »Ösophagus returned, and in a few minutes tho man was dead. Mot satisfied with ono failure, Dr. Butter bfcfcan bis treatment of tho two next cases with ammonia nlono. But so little power did tho new remedy seem to have over thc symptoms, that ho was f I compelled at last to fall back upon his old specific, of whoso virtues bo became moro thar, ever convinced. I On laudanum and brandy lie pins his \- faith, apparently with Rood reason. I Ammonia may ho a powerful stimulant under conditions, but it is not so safe or secure a remedy as thc others. " It varies exceedingly in strength, according to preparation, age, exposure, &c.; it is not always at hand," and in some cases at au? rate its employment has been followed by fatal results. WK notice that thc agricultural editor of ono of our exchanges advises his readers to "plant their peas in tho now of the moon." Wc advise our readers to plant their peas in the ground.-Boston Post. Tun Ellsworth American contains thc following :-" Thc city government aro hereby notified that there is a flow of intoxicating liquors somewhere. In the words of his honour, tho mayor, ' Dam it.' " TII'KINS aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other night, saying he had seen a ghost in thc shape of an ass. " Oh, let me sleep," was tho reply of thc irate dame, "aud don't he frighten ated your own shadow." A WRETCH has started thc malicious report that London contains two thousand poets. There is some cholera in thc metropolis, and there may he a few cases of smallpox at thc East-end ; hut wo indignantly deny that we arc suffering from such an attack of poets. On the contrary, thc City is unusually healthy. -Hornet. Lonu Houorrrox adds tho following to thc long list of Sydney Smith's jokes -,-Of Lord Macaulay he said, that Macaulay " not only overflowed with learning, but stood in the slop." Sydney paid a pretty compliment to his friends, Mrs. Tighe and Mrs. Cuffc, " Ah ! there you arc-tho cuff that every one would wear ; the tic that no ono would lose." PIUIRIMS AND PiiiURiMS.-Ancient Pil- grims : " Ah, fair sir, all is changed since my time ! No peas in your shosB now- no toil no robbery-no danger- everything made easy; in fact, quite a pleasant 'excursion.'" Modern Pilgrims: "Norobbery?-no danger? Docs it occur to you, my venerable friend, that our 'pilgrimages are made by rail Î" Anciont Pilgrim "skutBup."-Punch. TOBACCO.-Smoking is greatly on the in- crease, as appears from an official paper just issued. In thc last seven months the declared value of unmanufactured tobacco was £1,068,301, against £623,588, in thc . corres- ponding period of the previous year. j A CLEVER VOUNU LAUV.-In the Oxford Local Examinations the very first in the list of two hundred and fifty competitors-male and female, English, Irish, and Welsh-was a lady, a very young lady too, being only seven- teen. This " sweet graduate " is Miss Hoger, daughter of Professor Thorold Hoger, now occupying a Chair in London University. She was first in a number of subjects, and well up in nearly all. In languages she was facile princept, having no rival in classics, and very few in French or German.| I THE NEW LAW OF UNSEAWOBTTIV Smrs. Thc new Act on merchant shipping, which was nossed on tho last day of the recent session, contains several important provisions on unseaworthy ships, which carno into force when thc statute received thc Royal assent. Other parts of thc Act with reference to signals and thc oonvcyauco of clangorous goods, &c.;, will not take effect till the 1st of Novem- ber next. There are 38 sections and throe schedules, and the Act is to bc construed as one with thc Merchant Shipping Acts from 1854 to 1873. British ships sure now to be marked in a conspicuous manner in thc way specified, under penalties. For safety and the prevention of accidents there are several sections of a most important character. Where the Board of Trade has received a complaint, or have reason to believe that any British ship ¡ is, by reason of thc defective condition of her hull, equipments, or machinery, or by reason of overloading, unfit to proceed to sea without serious danger to human life, they may appoint a competent person or persons to survey such ship and thc equipments, machinory, and cargo thereof, and to report thereon to tho Board ; a penalty nf £130 is to b* incurred for obstruct- ing such survey. Tho Board on receipt of a report that such vessel is in an unfit condition and dangerous to human Ute if thc proceeds to sea, may order her detention until the alterations are made. The costs of she survey are to bo paid by the owner. On a complaint to thc Board of a defective vessel, the Board may require security to be given for thc dotcntion and loss sustained if thc vessel is not in the condition alleged, and the Board to be liable to tho owner for loss sustained when a survey is ordered and thc vessel declared to bo seaworthy. On appeal thc Court before which the case is heard may order a survoy "anew." The sections which do not take effect till thc 1st November relato to collisions, and dangerous goods, which arc not to bc sent without proper notice, and may bo rcfusod and thrown overboard if improperly sent. New signals set forth arc to bc used ou and after the 1st November. The law, as now amended, particularly in reference to unseaworthy ekips, is of an important character. 