WILL OP NAPOLEON III. (From L'Ordre.) In the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling an aggravation of the symp toms of the disease which was so soon to prove fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate success of the operation which his physicians had declared to be indispen sable, was anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testament. The will of tbe Emperor Napoleon III. iB drawn up in two very distinct parts. The statesman, the Sovereign, tbe dynastic chief, speaks in one ; in the other, the private gen tleman, the father, the friend. Motives of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon, will not allow of onr publishing — at le«t, at present— the will of the private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with which the dispossessed Emperor bas thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, cer tain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest tbe public in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would flc ircely be proper to cJatify .at the present moment. I But the political will is a difierent-thing I altogether. This, from the hour of its author's death, belongs to' history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed that this will Is built up of a series pf notes, thoughts, reflections, pro visions, remembrances, written in meditative mood during tbe tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when tbe Emperor saw rising before him the probability of an impending catastrophe, he rested satisfied with the compilation of these notes, to « hich be wis hardly aware that he was giving tbe last touch. This is the document we speak of, and which we print without reflecting or com menting on : — ' In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and tbe Boly Ghost. ' Made aware by unheard of misfortune of the uncertainty of worldly concerns at au age when it may please Divine Providence, after so many cruel trials, to withdraw me from this life before I have been able personally to fulfil Ihe mission which I haddreamt ofac. I complishing, I owe it to the honor of my naraej to my responsibility before history, to tbe future of my race, to bequeath to my son* with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspirations, snch instructions as may guide bis conduct, in the hope of Heaven, soothed by tbe. overwhelming catastrophes which fallen on that beloved French nation, . will abet him in bis endeavors te reinvest his country with its past glory, prosperity, and grandeur. ' Weighed down by the most unmerited and most infamods accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, the care of my justification. ' During the twenty years that I was called upon by the national will to mauage the . affairs, of France I have reigned independently of any care with regard to dynastic interests or personal satisfaction. I feel the legitimate pride of being able to declare tbat I have brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity, influence, and £clat that it has ever been given to any monarchy of the past to enjoy. While maintaining order in the interior, and opposing an iron band to the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to bear on tbe moral, political, and social emancipa tion of the laborer. Under no other rdgirne has tbe workman been in a more prosperous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labor been carried on in a- more peaceful iand satisfactory way. ' Notwithstanding the renown of military glory which attached to the founder of my race, I had dreamed, I had desired to exclu sively devote my reign to those efforts of de mocratic and social emancipation ; and when, at the opening of my career as a sovereign, I said at Bordeaux that 'the Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and the world. '* But next to the aspirations of my heart were the duties of the monarch, and when I was induccd to draw the sword it was never from any other motive than to defend, or affirm, or protect the interests or the honor France. In the Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochinchina, in Asia-Minor, the triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of tbe country. ''At tbe time of life when I am penning these lines in the expectation of soon appear ing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the recommendation of ultimately making such use of them as the honor of my name and his own may require, the complete' series of documents which will show that, in respect to the Mexican expedi tion, interrupted by imperious motives of international right, and also to that last and fatal war with Prussia, I once more bad solely in view the honor and interests of the country, who, for a third time in the space of twenty years, had, by a single vote, en trusted its destinies to my keeping. ' History will explain bow a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevitable casual ties, improvident advices, disappointed pro visions, 'improvable results, ended in the fai lure' of the moBt generous effort ever at tempted to affirm the' prerogatives and pre. .dominance of France. v. 'An unmentionable crime has complicated the catastrophe, and while at Sedan I jec. pardised my personal safety to secure tbat of j my army, and to conclude a necessary peace, 'n Paris brainless demagogues were working the ruin of France by affording to tbe con quering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. ' A day, which is not far distant, will d*wn when France will know the truth on all these facts and many other topics which have been distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and on that day France, after undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind the twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the reign of Napoleon. Tbe instincts of the people are monarchial, and no monarchy can rein, state France in a safer position than tbat of the conqueror o! Austerlitz. | ' If providence deems my mission accom plished, and bequeaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of reparation, under the guidance of bis excellent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, I advise him to revert to the principales which inspired my acts at the beginning of my reigtj, viz., order within, peace abroad. ' Europe bas been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of the latter years, and France may regain her prestige and ? her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not be one of reprisals, but one of reparation. Peace within and without. And ahnnld tbe necessitv of UDholding the national honor compel bim to draw his ?word, let him rely without fear on the coui age ofthe French army, too accustomed to see victory crown its efforts under the Imperial eagle to remain bowed under the influence of a temporary disaster. 41 Let bim at home eppeiially apply himself to developing tbe welfare of tbe working classes. Let him beware of the enticements held out by certain pretended liberal doctrines which under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. ' Let him see that respect is sl-own to the legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute tbe basis of all social order. In awarding a necessary share in the manage ment of public affairs to the free debates of tbe tribune and the press, let him protect the Country against the excesses of those discus sions which prove each fruitful sources of barren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order — order upheld in the interest of all and every one. 'The experience of the last events has shown that nations are seldom grateful France, who had -}one everything for the en franchisement of other countries, found her self deserted in the time of supreme necessity. International alliances should be founded on the interests, on the hopes, and on the rights and memories of tbe past. In a powerful, well appointed army, diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. My son's en deavours should all tend towards the soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse to arms, may repair the disasters of war. The calamities consequent on succes sive insurrections dnring tbe last two years have not been able to shake the foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the Empire The Umpire will render that prosperity as ' flourishing as heretofore. ' But to attain this results at the same time that it i9 necessary to proudly display before foreign nations the flig of France — ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters — it is incumbent on the nation to insist, without we ikness, without concession, without compromise, that at home the principle of authority which tbe nation will once more hasten to concentrate shall be respected.' 