THE Q3E;RYJBR. ; Seeingrhpw w.ell.' Spiritiat BtorieS go down just now, I won't ,b jleft-p'uln: tje (oold. i' lrave iweek, but was afraid h'6; one; would believe it; . .The- consequence- is that -Ii: . . have, been koaten almost out of the, field'eince. Fancy with what; .fury .-.I read.the- " Age" -yes terday. In future I will credit. tho publio with their . proper and -sensible swallow. Here 7goes with ' my narraUve. A 'friend of mine lately:: went to ' a: -' aeance. , He . says ; . .thatl sixteen people,.' ladies, "and gentlemen, sat -round a table in. the dark for ' an hour, , withon t jany mani- testation. The host, who' is aj oily- sort 'of a myaKoUtj Ordcred iights up, and propased n , little refreshment, whioh was gladly , acceded to. , Sitting in ahigh state of excitement ip: a jwarm room for the .spaoejof an hour, makes the throat... parah'edT Th/'host produced same excellent stuff, oalled crionial Front ig- nio, whioh woald not harm a child. Three .bottles ,ere' |comforUbly: polished off, with "some pastry and:frmtsVotthe- season, .the dujst.applpgising for a'lack.pf.grapes., ' AU in hisiown, garden hadrf faiied, like -the rest 4rphnd . Melbonrne ; and the local fruiterer had no 8andhurstJ'grapes "in atook. 'nothing -bdt Adelaide thiekskins. rHow is ife that all the Adelaide grapes' are -'so ?;A-But this is a ridiculous digression ohVcospal- matter men tioned bymy!friend,initself a proof thst hews a exeroiaing his memory aad: not, his. imagina tion; Weill -he eays Jthia 'Frdntignao was "not half bad, opd ; all -were very merry. Afterwards, the nance was '.resusied;- with ' lights out;- and eveiy/one'round' the. table, Manifosfations ' took! ;„pladg.':'. A' , violent, clapping imd.;flappin/'wiwtheard!;.on :the table, and prononnoed to" be !a";epirit doing the Big Shoe Dafioe of " Salamander Saui. Then osme plaintive twangs, -explained as the ghost of Pag'anint performing an extern- 'gore solo on a single atring'of tho violin with- . his big toe, having made' great progression in: the Summer , Land-: - My ifrie'nd -continues injwritiny, at myrequesta'for'eoientifid jju'r- poses— "."\Vhile the uotea of dreamy musip fioatedfoom a pidnb, I 'ioeutedVaa- ineffable' 'odor, as.i of:;: violet powder,' and a ' gentle' breathing seemed to ralse the. very roots of. my hair/ A'sofo. Prefobde.was.aeiw.me.':.: The: breathing eimeyet. warmer to my cheek, upon' which a soft kiss was imprinted. ' Heavens,' how: sweet ! A" delioate arm -Was' placed1 around my neok(l-and the : feeling aa: of tl e Zephyr tonob of a hand oame 'over my left- sbonlder. UnoontroUable'.feelings filled, my soul, and oreptall up'my back. !l would-havo given wt rlds to take my hands off the t ible, nt dared not. ..One' more ' kiss, smd a soft .whisper, |'it is Cleopatra', if;." Although' my -hands were tied, 'so t'o speak, I thought I might nee my mouth, And, by a qnfok inbve- ment, I seoured with my lips, (not for worlde; would I use teethi !j what felt like '.a most deliciouB little ear. The voice exolaimed, in a Bharp whisper, / Yon' sre ; spitefnl !' upon whioh, in defiauoe of ail ruls; I raise d my left hand andmadeawhiskabross with it. Iseized a band, whioh' shrivelled in toy grasp, - Then afi iWas -ovor,1 but ;I-. clenched fast the. ,re-': -mama .of ..the. spirit baud. 'No.'.evil'resulls.' appeared to follow my. breSptrof tho' rale's <f tqo soanoo, but -scrntohlDgs - and- rapplngg, variously, interpreted, took place. Then we had another spell of gaalight.: tookieg in my band I found Din old kid- glove. : A .handsome young lady, .with auburn hair all down her book, who eat three cha'rs off me, seemed to be very fluehed and exoited, - her .bosom heaving like the sea ; but as she ;pcff sistently resisted every, attempt on my?' part to oateh her eye I oaunot bat think sho bad nothing to do with it, and that I was really' under the inflaence .of' a' ipirit, , 'naughty, bnt nice.' " Conld any -readers-, of ".The Herald" help my fiiond with a eolation ? 