NEW CHURCH, WEST BALMAIN. On Saturday, the foundation stone of a temporary church and schoolroom in connection with the Church of England was laid by the Bishop of Sydney, in the western part of Balmain. For some time past the Rev. II. A. Langley, the pastor of St. Mary's, Balmain, observing the rapidly growing population of that portion of his parish which lies at a considerable distance from his church, has had in view die erection of a church for their accommodation to be used also as a schoolroom. A pieee of land having been obtained, and about £200 collected towards the cost of the building, the foundation-stone, as stated, was laid on Saturday. After the usual introductory prayers, Mr. F. R. Robinson then read the following document, to be placed underneath the foundation stone : — ' In the same of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, thisjfoundation stone of the Church of St. Thomas, Balmain, was laid by the Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, on the twentieth day of December, 1873. Incumbent: Rev. Henry Arcbdall Langley. Committee : Captain Thomas Rountree, Mr. E. W. Cameron, Mr. T. J. Jaques, Mr. H. Tidswell.CaptainF. Trouton, Mr. F. S. Wilson, Mr. Alfred Baker, Mr. Bemby, Mr. Waterman, Mr. Charles Davis, Captain H. Broomfield, Mr. N. Selfe, Mr. E. T. Webb, Mr. J. Shoebert, Mr. W. Looke, Mr. E. F. Way, Mr. T. Macqueen, Mr. C. Armstrong, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Symonds. Hon. secretary : T. R. Robinson. Architect : Mr. E. T. Blacket. Builder: Mr. W. Elphmstone.' This scroll and some corns of the nabs having been placed beneath the stone, The Bishop of Sydney duly bud the stone, saying, ' I lay this as the foundation stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named ' St. Thomas's Church,' in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Other prayers having been said, and a hymn rang, The Bishop of Sydney addressed the assembly at follows:— It forms part of the appointed service, as »t forth in the programme of this day, that the Bishop «f Sydney should now deliver an address ; and I am very glad and thankful' to express my entire and cordial sympathy -with all that has been done, and with that which it is pro posed hereafter to do in the conitruction of another house of prayer. I thank Almighty God, not only for the hopp that we have that there shall be another place of worship erected in this locality, but I am especially thankful for the circumstances under which this building is about to be erected. I, ask you, my dear friends, to consider that this undertaking has been carried out from a con scientious conviction on the part of the pastor of this large parish of the great necessity that exists for additional accommodation for the worship of Almighty God in this increasing locality. It is not merely the fact that we are engaged in commencing this house 'of prayer, but whan ,1 look around and behold the population, and the character of the population gathering here, and the impossibility that must exist considering their lim ited means, of themselves undertaking the erection of a house of prayer— it * is when I consider these circumstances that I feel especially grateful that it has been put in the heart of the pastor of this parish to commence this undertaking; for doubtless it would hava been. easier for him to carry out some work in connection 1 with the church already existing, perhaps to enlarge it, to ? add a chancel, or to decorate or beautify it. But he whom ? God, in His providence, has placed here, has regard to the spiritual wants of his people. He looks upon : the souls of these multitudes who are gathering around, and asks ^whether it is not his duty to endeavour to supply their need ; and if it be his duty, whether it is not a duty which ' he must at once undertake, and which, by the help and blessing of Almighty God, we may hope to ! accomplish. We have many daughter churches in the city , of Sydney, and to- day we are assembled that we may ' assist in laying the first stone of a church that is be re ' garded as a child of St. Mary's, of Balmain. I do again ' repeat my acknowledgments to Mr. Langley, and to those who have assisted him, for the manner in which they hare undertaken this duty— my cordial sympathy with them, my hope that the difficulties in the way will be overcome, and my assurance that they will receive from me all the' assistance which I am able to give. And I ' think that the Church at large does owe a. debt of gratitude to those who are promoting the erection of this building, for it is one of the evidences that there is etill vitality in the Church of England. We have recently been informed on authority, which some I presume would regard as almost infallible, that the Church of England is falling to pieces— that Anglicanism, what ever that may mean- is so disgusting eome of the wise and. j learned of the world that they are fain to seek for refuge' ; and rest in the arms of the Church of Borne. We are not 1 Anglicans. We are members of the Church of England. We are members of a reformed Church— of a ?' Protestant Church— members . of that Church' of ; which the Queen of England is the temporal head, concerning which she at her coronation did' solemnly promise that she would preserve the Protestant Church' in the realm of England. Whatever then Angli canism may be — if it is something which is halting, vacil lating, oscillating between Romanism and the Churoh of England I cannot tell ; but, if it bo, then assuredly the sooner it falls to pieces the better. I for my part adhere to the Church of England. I believe that that Church will not be found to be falling to pieces in this colony ; and I am quite sure that the true weJJ-being of the community will never be helped forward by any endeavour to assimilate ourselves to the Church|Ofj(Rome. ' The true note of -the Church of England is now what it has been since the days of the Reformers— since tbe days of Butler, and Andrews, and Hall, and Barrow, and Stillingfleet, and other worthies— its true note is, 'No peace with Rome.' I say this because I- think there is reasonable cause for saying it. A note has been sounded among us which cer tainly should be regarded by us all as a note of awakening. It is proverbial that new lords bring new laws. . Hitherto the law of silence has been very carefully observed with respect to many points of controversy between the Church of England and the Church of Rome. If that silence is now to be broken and 'a war of words is to commence, all I can say is — be it so. Whatever becomes of Anglicanism, I trust that the Church of England in this diocese will be found ready to meet every event— will be ready on every occasion to vindicate the truth of the* Gospel of the grace of God ; and if perilous times do come, I believe that there will not be found wanting leaders either in the Church or in the community at large, whose motto will be— Ready— aye Ready; But 1 turn from this topio, and affirm that the true strength ot the country, its true well being, and the best security for its peace, is to be found in such action as brings us together to-day. We are about to build a church in which prayer in a language understood of the people — to use the expressive term of our homily — will be offered up to the Almighty God through the one, and the only one mediator 'between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. In this churoh I trust the word of God will be proclaimed in all simplicity and purity, and the two only sacraments of Christ's institution will be reverently ministered. Here men will come to make their confession to Almighty God, and to receive that abso lution which . the word of promise conveys to him who has faith in the one sacrifice— the death of the Lord Jesus Christ — once offered and never to be repeated. Here also young children will be dedicated to God in holy baptism, and will be brought up in the fear and admonition of the Lord. Here I trust every source of spiritual life will be opened, and that from this; as from a fountain of life, streams of blessing will flow forth to all around. I trust that my friend, the .pastor of this parish, will be permitted to witness the speedy and successful accomplishment of this undertaking, and that he will be heartily supported by his own people. Placing myself in his circumstances, I do not see that any conscientious pastor could have done otherwise than he has attempted to do. I know that his heart is deeply in this. work, perhaps ''?'—? too deeply occasionally for his Health; but assuredly its successful termination would be a lightening of his burden, which would greatly tend to his relief and to the restora tion' of his health. On grounds public and personal, as a Bishop anxious for the extension of Christ's kingdom upon earth, and as a friend of your- pastor, I ask that by your prayers and by your liberal contributions, now and at all times, you will sustain .him in this undertaking — that you will uphold the hand which labours, and comfort the heart which fails and fears, it may be, and prays — that so this work may by God's blessing be speedily and success fully accomplished. A collection was then made, and. the proceedings termi nated with the benediction, pronounced by the Bishop. The new building will be used as a church and school room ; it will occupy an elevated position at the comer of Darling Road' and Western-street, commanding an extensive view of Sydney, and in all directions. The plans show a neat Gothic structure, 60 feet by 2ifeet, to be Duilt of brick ; accommodation will be afforded for about 200 persons. It is expected the. building will be' completed in about three months. It maybe mentioned that the land on which it is to be built will afford room for the erection of a larger church anda parsonage when required. The amount of the collection on Saturday was about £40, which, with the sum previously received, would suake the total contribu tions abont £240. The cost of the church will be about £600. . . .On Friday morning, 19th instant, between. 6 and 7 o'clock a painful accident occurred to the Rev. J. Courts, M.A. We learn that therev' gentleman was going down the rocks, on bis way to have a bathe, when his foot ?dipped and he f elL The fall was, fortunately, a short one, but when the venerable gentleman was picked up br some persons who came to his assistance, it was found that he had sustained some severe injuries. He was at once conveyed to the Manse, and Dr. Harris (who was soon in attendance), upon examination, was of opinion that the neck of the hip bone was broken. During the absence of Dr. Harris in order to procure the necessary appliances to the case, Dr. Bowker arrived; and from a subsequent; examination, under chloroform, arrived at the conclusion that the injuries were not of so serious a nature as it was at first anticipated, but that a small portion of the bone in the region indicated was fractured. The unfortunate gentle man suffers considerable pain, but on inquiry we wen informed that he was progressing favourably.— Newcastle Ohrtmiole. 