BUNGAREESHIRE COUNCIL. Tuesday, 25th August. The ordinary fortnightly meeting was held on Tuesday. Present—The President, and Crs Brown, Crowley, O’Malley, and Clohesy. Correspondence.—From the Crown law-offices, re the holding of a court of .petty sessions in the shire, stating that the matter was under consideration.— Referred to the deputation which proceeds to the Melbourne conference. From John Drummond, shire valuer,* recommending that the council oppose the letting of certain land at Fellmongers by the Ballarat Water Commission.—Referred to the same deputation to wait upon the Commissioner of Lands. From the same, stating that the W a ter Commission, in fencing the lauds granted to them, had fenced in a number of roads marked off as district roads, so that difficulty was experienced in identifying the various blocks of lamias marked on the plan. He suggested that application be made to the commission for a tracing of the roads so deviated.—Referred to the .president and engineer. From the same, as hon. secretary'to the Bungareo Ploughing Match; committee, solici ting a. contribution in aid of the funds to be offered as prizes at the forthcoming match;—The council voted £5 for the object. .From Cbas. Cumah, Little Bendigo, calling attention to the impassable state of a road between Messrs Skoglund’s and M’Clin tock’s, near Surface Gully.;—Referred to the engineer. From E. W. Larkins and thirty-five others, requesting the formation of a footpath in Doveton street from the city boundary to the New Cemetery, as the road was impassable.—The engineer to inspect and report. From Geo. Cross and thirteen others, applying for the construction of a culvert on the Doveton street road leading to Slatey Creek.—The engineer to inspect and report. From Thos. Hennebery, asking for compensa tion for damage done by an outlet drain to a culti vated paddock belonging to him.—No action taken. Prom Thos. Mewburu, complaining of the disgraceful state of the road in front ,of his' premises.—Referred to the engineer. ’ President’s Report.—!. Stating the necessity of a representative being appointed to attend the confer ence in Melbourne on the 9th proximo.—The president and Cr Crowley were appointed representatives. -2. Suggesting that the parliamentary -representatives should be urged to use every effort in expediting the passing .of the Amended Shires Statute, or the passing of a short bill giving local bodies the power of raising debentures for the liquidating of existing liabilities, &c.;—Adopted. 3. Reporting the; election of Crs Brown and Prosser, and Mr M. Cody as auditor. Engineer’s Report.—!. Re Black Swamp road, stat ing the probable cost of construction of the road from the end of the metalled portion to the pound; also for 20|chams nearP.Kane’s, on Beale’s Reservoir road; also for the road from Daly’s hotel, Fellmonger’s road, towards Happy Valley.—Postponed for one month; 2. Re the plans prcpared.by the Water Commission for the dam near Fellmonger’s, stating that the alteration in the site of the dam would necessitate an alteration in the main road, and suggesting that the council should obtain a copy of the proposed route.—The president and the engineer to investigate the matter. Treasurer’s Report.—The treasurer reported that ill 3s had been collected since last meeting. Motion on Notice.—Cr O’Malley formally moved the rescinding of the, motion refusing to be repre sented on the local State Forest Commission; also that the president for the time being be the representative of the shire on* the commission. Cr Crowley seconded the motion, which was carried. General Business.—Oh the motion .of Cr Crowley, seconded by Cr O’Malley, the engineer was instructed to prepare plans and specifications .for the construction of the main Forest road, from the end of the North Melbourne road to the State forest boundary, recently gazetted, and to submit the same to the council, i , ■ Tenders.—The following tenders, were accepted:—; Supplying 400 yards 2i-inch bluestone metal—Wm. N. Birch, at £99 lls Bd. and metalling 214 chains ou Barclay’s road—£ls4 17s. Forming, grub bing, clearing, pitching, and metalling 10 chains at the old Ormond Saw- mill—Patrick Monaghan, £73 15s. Works on the Dead Horse and Daylesford roads, leading eastwards—£44 17s. Accounts.—The following accounts were passed for paymenrir-Hy. Acton, £3 17s; J. Drummond,-£8; A. G. Brown, £8 13s Id; Charles Boyd, £l6 2s 7d; same, £9 5s 6d; Edwin Ryan, £4 10s; Charles C. Ronald, £3; Ballarat Star, £8 14s; Evening Post, £3 15s 6d; Courier, £6 3s; election expenses, £lB 10s 6d; S. J. Bentley, £3; Water Commission, law costs, £1 lls 6d; M. O’Neil, £10; Weir, Burnside, and Cos., £2 6s 8d; Morgan Hartney, £23 6s 4d; P. Mona ghan, £l6 10s; same, £6O; M. O’Neil, £24 7s 8d; J. W. Campbell, £4-7s; James Day, £ll 185.7d; same, £l5 10s 6d; S. J. Bentley, £2O; Patrick Monaghan, £l7; day labor on the main Fellmbnger’s road, £2l 10s; day labor on the Dead Morse road, £2O 14s 6d; charges, £5. The council then adjourned. . The Chinese Ghost .Festival.— A Celestial Corres pondent sends us ('Ararat Advertiser) the following interesting details:—“On the 29th August the Chinese will be getting ready for the anniversary of the * Ghost Festival,’ which will be on the 31st, and be followed by another feast on 4th September, when they honor their dead friends; at the same time they bum aU kinds of incense paper. Some that can afford it buy clothes to bum, and those that cannot buy paper in stead, so that the dead friends expect * to have new clothes every year. On the 30 th they give notice to their dead friends about the feast by burning joss sticks, and gold and silver colored paper. The Chinese have this festival* in every district. In the Ararat district there is a population of about three or four hundred Chinese, of that number a hundred and fifty habitually smoke opium, the rest of them smoke it sometimes. It costs £35 a week to buy the opium, and; they live on rice, which costs them £BO a week! All over the colony, the Chinese who smoke spend about £70,000 in opium every year. If they were to do without smoking and gambling many could save money and go home to China. The number of game* they play is about ten 4 fan-tan, lottery, dice, dominoes, cards, and other kinds of games, all unlawful.” 