i'-m races of the cardinals. (fko-m the .sl'eotator.) \- h i.vc before lis a rather curious plate, ' ' ' A:!'., wo sec, to copyists, and at the laomcnt of some interest to mankind. ! -i. 'the pihotographs of every meiiihcr of .. .0 I d College,- of all the cardinals who may V .vi' ::1 I he oloction, of, the. ;next. Pope, besides - 11 who have intermediately died. This -:i .c, .o:;, ; j is now nearly certain, will he ordered '' '; ''dular waj',' and taken at the Vatican, l.';- : !!! jiive being unwilling to give any hostile j, .v c! ' "-ich .Bismarck, an opportunity of ill' rejecting the election, nor will there " '"h "ii'pG Accession to the'list. Afew iiiorc ; .''I'GAted, 'as the' POpe is "better ' and i ; ; l:-arbanho, . the head of the PropagandaJ ir, i.M.':'.Hi!ngly ill health;: hut. the filling .uii <.t tlic an ecclesiastical coujy d'kat, is ex- ! c nil prohahle. , If, then, the regiiliir' fomis t: :'. (>>.'«c'i'?ed, the "Pope niust be elected ciibci by inspiration, that .- is, unanimous un infi-equent and in this case almost; niiposdlMc method by the appointment of a fAajumt'to of Selection, quite possible, though nbjectk.b.i' le ; or by balloting, before some altar in i -.e Quirinal or we suppose at present, "I"' . This process is described by Mr. «. -.art Wright a Protestant author whose book la; lulowod to be authentic " The ordinary' election by ballot isperformed by two..p'oce8ses repeated daily, in general — otie' 111 tlio .Cprcuoon,; which ;is aisimple ballot ; the; otb I ',r p-t (.he, afternoon,, which consists in the. process technically called of acceding, whereby an eloetoi'. ' revoking ' his morning's ballot, ti aiisfe.t.-: Jiis vote to some one whose name had chill- ipornincj already, come .o'lit of the ballot hex.- ; T iJ''-''. of; the suppiementavy, liailot, lor iii It t:e faculties of the Sectors arc s.uofely;< innjted'- to V-tlie' power of adhering 1 name' a b.'b,pns hc.cpiidrawuu r. The papers are -ijnare and fphkd dp>yn, so ,as. atAeach end. to. ic- r 0 a sea ;ca portion, 'ivithin the upper one of 7, TnTu rm ' . II : ; 1 1 J JOill r whiioh is.vmttpn the 'voter ,s. name; .toA.be ppened only imder,Bpecial circomBtwces ;„ f,,;the. btber' sed -with the same Peal, soma moito ibiBmpture; which; once adopted,' ibst' he .the Bame 'at all: ballots, and serves ordinaarily as the, ipeipns fpr identification of the vote. In the mie .space, which is left open, stands the name of the pandidate. Advancing to the altar, 'after a 'Shbrt'fprajre in' silence, and an oath aloud, whereimthe Sivibar' is ced to 'witness tha.t.the 'vp ijut to be given is. dictated by consciebipns 'conyictipns. pne, each . cardinal drops 'his paper ' in the' chalice uppii the altar. "Wb' all have Vdled' thd ekaminatibn of ' the papeibis made by .the acmtators, three cardinals selected by lot who - successively hand to each other every paper, 'wliicli,' the last files on a pin. Should a candidate 'icbme out with 'just a majority of two- thiis; it then becomes neces sary to I open the upper folded portions of the hidlpt-papers;. with .the view of asoertaining that this majority is not due to the candidate's own vote ; it being not lawful for a Pope to be the actual instrument of his own creation. .In the case of no adequate majority, these papers are preserved, so as to be ableito check, through the mottoes, the votes ?given in the supplementary ballot, it being, of course, luilawful for a cardinal to repea't a second vote in behalf of the candidate for ivhom he had already voted in the morning. The form of, 'tendering this second vote is by writing 'Accedp domino cardinali,' while those who persist in their morning's choice insert the word 'Nemini.' Should both ballots fail in producing the legal majorit.y, then the papers are burnt, while in all cases the por tion containing the voter's name is to he opened; by the scrutators only in the event of some suspicion of fraud or of a vote being invalid, through some violation by the elector of the prescribed forms." There is no law whatever prohibiting the cardinals from stepping b.eyond their own body, or beyond the episcopate, or beyond the priest hood — two Popes, John XIX. and Adrian V. having unquestioiiahly been ' laymen, the latter of whom never took priest's orders — nor, indeed, beyond the limits of Catholicism itself. By the theory of the thing, the Pope having been elected, in that act receives the immediate con secration of the Holy Ghost, and his previous antecedents are matters of profound indifference. It is, however, most unusual for the eardinalB to step beyond their own body, the latest instance being 1758, when Barherini, a mere monk, was' nearly elected ; and among these pictures, therefore the candidate is almost certain to be found. They form a group to an outside obsen'cr singularly unlike the popular impres sion of the Conclave, being usually simple old men, with handsome, gentlemanly features, and very moneratc brains; .Several of them are ex tremely learned. Asquini, for instance, having been Wiseman's rival and friend in. the schools, while Petra is a monster of erudition, especially in Oriental Church history, rites, and liturgies, pouits on which Rome is incessantly called to decide by flocks of which no one hears, and in languages Mezzofauti scarcely knew. There is no one among them ivith a head quite so in tellectual as Father Newman ; no one with the true ascetic face of Dr. Manning ; no dreamer, . unless it he Bonaparte ; no real Torquemada, though Cardinal Patrizi, the Inquisitor-General and a favoiu-ite candidate, has much of the stupid severity natural to that character. There is but one, strong aggressive face, with a fighting peasant underneath its steadiness (Cardidal Cullen) ; hut one physically had face Cardinal Vanicelli Casoni, who looks like a turf man of the lower gi-ade; and hut one who would he taken for an English bishop. Cardinal .Amat di, Santo Filippo e Soi-so. There are hut three wli. . surpass the usual type, Gardinar Mon.aco de . \ .lletta, a superb face Archdeacon Grantley etlu > ''alized) ; Cardinal Bonaparte, exactly like tiie First Napoleon seminarized; and Cardinal Riario Sforza, the strong, hut imaginative man who would, it is said, if elected; shake Europe, as he has already destroyed "the municip.ality of Naples, by declaring for the democracies of earth, as against its , kings. His face, with its steady eyes, clear-cut features, and broad deter mined' chill, is that of a man who could have wielded the temporal power and made Rome safe. Protestants, however, if these photographs are good, need not tremble. There are no poets, and hut two men of genius here, Riario 8forza and Bonajiarte, and neither will come to' the top; As the majority must be of two-thirds, the' votes of defeated men tend, as in ah American caucus, always to the man with; fewest enemies; and he would he either De Angelis, who from his vast age would he a most respectable stop gap, the cardinals remembering his, determined or cruel administration of- Fermo with delight ; or Monaco la Valletta, so popular that he has had every ' possible promotion at the' earliest possible time ; or Capaltij a name little knbwn abroad, hut .supposed to be a favbiirite'with" the conclave- itself, whose predilections, - howe'ver, change much when they are. set free by the death of an ahspluto master. Capalti is the only one of the' series whose face in the photb'aphs look English; , the: kind' of a man whoni' biie expects to meet in a dean's hat, and to heiu-- that he slightly overaws his bishop. . Of the . Italians, however, Panehianco, /considered to have an ex'celleut chanod. Has' the ' face /of a s'terii, determined monk; and is Grand Pdnitentiitry- i.e., Grand Casuist of the Church, prbhably the- only man in the group wha, really knows any-, thing of the confessions supjiosed to , be so constantly ' revealed' at Rome, but which are/ for the.-'most -.p'art, inquiries as "to hbw particulai' cases i are to be treated; Cardinal Autouolli here shows as a sueoesful Italian innkeeper, .with' polite face,, fixed to. get. cash,: hut with brilliant Pj'es ; and he, 'with the quiet, gentlemanly Borromeo, with his refined school master face, has no, chance at all; Any of the other. Italians may have, but they are . almost . unknown tci Rome, and no one except Cardinal . Morichirii mves us any, impression of being a successful dark horse. He looks like a slightly worn old general,, is Arthbishop of Bologna; and .®./!'h®;highesFreputatipn.in -the Church, as has De Liica, the diplomatist, and , the man who will he cliosen if the cardinals' , believe, as thev .probably do not believe, that' their 'chief requisite now .is;the Svordly tact of which this ' face M,full. -A . Vorkshireinan.- would. -gather. IiiinSGlf ijogcffcbGr io iiftlwG iii.ijc Lucziy unci, -would fdil. Of the remaihihg Italian cardinals few mbu oiit of Italy everlieard, 'so "we' wHl 've" tMr - names:;— Cardinals-' Asquini;' jBariiabo; Barili, Bizzarri, Berardi, Cateriiii, Consoliui, Carafa di Traettp, Di Pietro, Sacconi, Casoni, Giddi, Antomioci, Perrieri,' Milesl Ferretti, Pecci, Silvestri, TreVisimto, and Grasssllini. Thefe will' be a strong party contending for a foreign cardinal,' that the next Pope may look a little -inbre round the world, but the choice of this 'party; unless it steps put of the red- stookinjged circle, is extremely limited/ " The best./face among the six or seven foreigners is Cardinal i Moreno, a stately Spaniard of the Ximenes type. ' Cardinal Hohenlohe;i a Prince, devoted, it is believed, to Berlin, and therefore but of favour, is in' appearance an ordinary hobltf ; COTdinal Matthieu; an over-fed French dignry, with administrative capacities ; and Cardihal Donnet, a fine-looking old lady, with some deep sadnes in her life ; Cardinal Schwart- zenbfirg 'has a weak look, is Austrian to the' hact-bone, and opposed the dogma, though he has' recanted ; but there aie two cardinals in the foreign list with splendid faces, even in the photographs. The Church does not want a Julius, and Rome would not bear Cardinal Cullen, but no one can look in his face and not see which is the warrior, or shall we say,' "the pet of the f.ancy," in conclave. Cardinal Rauscher, too, the foreigner who has most of the conclave's sympathy with him, has a very marked face, a face of separate and unmistakable power, with a good deal of temper and a'good deal of pride, out full of brain, and suggesting to the observer who has not seen him that of Sir . George Lewis, though less humourous. He would govern the Church, that man, but we doubt if all the machinery of Rome, enormous as it is, would keep him within the groove, or .prevent him from manifesting a sovereign individuality, which could he extremely dis tasteful to the kind of Italian clerics who now monopolize power. He might dissolve ' the Jesuits, or declare that, the kings being gone and the populace unstable, earth must rely on aristocrats like himself, or do any other great imprudence. Still, in that great election, Re is one of the imminent possibilities. 