' FOUR QHOSTa. \- FBOM THE NEW YORK TftlDUNB.1 Mankind baa a weakness for apootres. If we are to crodit buinsn testOnany at all, a great mass of supernatural narrative still tests our scepticism, oven with the largest allowances xor ouuior u trm tiiuiiH, inuriu credulity, and our propensity to seo what wo expect to see, and what Jthors profess to havo soon. Tho earliest legends and tradi tions are fnll of thoso mystorious visitors, gliding through tho twilight of history, and peopling tho pagos of poetry and romancn. In Hamlet and many other of Shakepearo's plays the ghosts comp in as regular dramatis person.-c, and so much as a mattor of oourso that their contfog at all doos not seem in the least miraculous. This is, because, up to a recent period, nobody questioned tho exist- coco ol ghosts. Tho age, though it is a littlo' moro sceptics, bos its spectres dtill, and still our houses aud highways aro haunted. Of four recent ghosts wo have lately soon news paper accounts. Nuuilu r Ono walked all in white in tho pleasant village of Kowloy, Mass., with blood red hand?, from which it was deduced that it was tho ghost of a man-slaughterer who was long ago hung, or deserved to be. If s, tho l'.owley spectre has experienced a chango of heart, for ho is always seen iu tho first g»oy dawn shovelling suow fiom the sidewalks — a most cousidctate and useful spirit— that is, if tho snow actually disap pear beforo the implement, a point upon which wc aro not informed. In oomo of our town aud cities, if ho really could clear the way for early pedestrians, ho would have been this winter a prodigious friond to the lazy ; nor should we, ourselves, object to being so haunted. Number Two is a woman, but at the samo time of the hair-erecting and marrow- congealing sort. Sho travels by rail. Sho baunts Iho fireman ond aho distracts tho engineer of tho locomotive "Von Moltke," on tho Binghomton Railway, journeying (against all tho rules of the compam ) upon the tender, and without prepaying her fare. Tho incredulous conductor, upon hear ing of this deadhead (in a doublo secso such), determined to investigate for himself. Tho train stopped at a water- tank to replenish tho boiler, and there was tho she-ghost sitting still upon the tender, and uttering tho following words "Now, Billy. I've got yon !" Tho fireman was about un- gallantly to smite tho woman with a chain, when the conductor came up and told him not to strike a woman, but to hold nnd grasp her— one of tho neatcBt and most pica- Bant pieces of advice possible under any circumstances. Then the spectres vanished — "melted into thin air," as tho reporter poetically anil originally observes. The fire man has met tbo same ghost in Syracuse, when and where sho told him, in sepulchral accents, that "whiskey would bo tho death of him " — which we think exceedingly prob able. What cleo sho told him ho reluBOB to disclose, but it must have been something awful. Lately, just as tho engine was going out of tho yard, the ghost appeared again ; and tho engineer was so frijhtoned (hat ho de clined to make his regular trip, and going homo probably took something hot and wont to bod. Number Three, if a ghost at all, is ono interested in the Common School system of Massachusetts. It is attached to a Newbury -port (Mass.) Ecminary, scares the scheol-marm, and takes a mean advantage of jnvonile timidity. It raps. It stops tho clack. It moves maps and rustles papers. Being specially requceted to appear, it became visible in " a light of peculiar bluoish color." Committees appointed to investigate aro divided in opi nion, and make majority and minority re ports. Tho former contemptuously regard tire matter as n delusion. Bat there is a third committee man Who inc'inos to tho supernatural side of the question/ Seven persons have watohed all night in the build ing, and have heard aud seen enough to scare them oat ot their wits. Meanwhile the City Marsha!,' who has been investigating in a quiet wqy, will soon give us a common sense explanation of the matter, and we trust will calm the Newbury perturbations. Number Four is an electrical nnd telegraphic ghost, in Dubuque, Iowa. A young man, in- tending to go into tbo business of telegraphing, purchased a pair of repeating instruments with batteries and other apparatus, which ho set up with a connecting wire in his room. To his great astonishment the instruments began to work of their own accord, " with a systematic and rhyhmic cadenco about tho clicks of tho armature analogous to those heard in tho ordinary telegraph .office," Tho ghost operated very quickly, but . being requested to bo a little slower in its communication it kindly com plied ; and it waB found that tho clicks spelled "Edward Keats, of Baltimore," For many succeeding days tho instruments havo continued to work without contact. A print, ing machine was procured, and tho ghost announced in Bomsn letters, that he was " Edward Keats, of Baltimore, an operator on tho National lino." Ho has Binno telegraphed a number of com munications which cannot with propriety be given to the public ; and it turns out that ho is assisted by a femalo shade, named f'Etto Baker, late daughter of Judge Baker, of Geneva 111." Wo aro living in an extraordinary timo. The ghosts that Equeaked and gibbered in the Roman streets wore nothing to these modern wonders. Tho fact is, there are moro things in heaven and enrtti than are dreamed of in our philoaophv. Bless the memory of . Shakspeare, for 'transmitting to ub the easy solution of every possible myBtory ! "" BKRitEimv, September, 1869. — Gentlemen, — I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratltudo" for tho great benefit I havo derived by taking ' Norton's Camomile Fills. ' I applied to your ogent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for tbo above- named pills, for wind in the stornncli, from wliiai I suffered excruciating pain for a length of timo, having tried nearly overv romody prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills, I was quito restored to my usual state of health. Floaso give this publicity, Sir, for tho benefit _ of those who may thus uo afflicted. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Hekry Ailpass.— To tbo Proprietors of Nobton's Camomile Pills. 