GENERAL NEWS. Ar. many sheep throughout tho country irre troubled at present with worms, the fol lowing cure, recommended by a gentleman in our district of great experience: amongst sheep, vrill doubtless (says the Goidbuni Jferald) prove of service. He recommends it with confidence. Put two fi^s of colonial tobacco in about three quarts of water, and let it boil down to about two quarts and a-half. After cooling, giveeach animal affected about two wine glasses of it for a dose and it will be found very effectual. The same journal adds :—A gentleman who resides within a few miles of CJoulburn assures that large numbers of the wallabies throughout the lm=h are dying from worms. Our infor mant noticing several of the animals at various times almost dead, decided to kill one, in order to see what it was suffering from, and on opening it, its insido was found to bo completely lined with fine thread worms. It would, perhaps bo a good thing for many land owners if the number of the marsupial pests was reduced consi derably. A man named Leary, with his wife, nar rowly escaped suffocation at Goelong on the 18th of July. The weather being damp mid cold, they made a charcoal fire in an old nail can, which they placed in their bed room, after which they closed the door and every aperture so as to keep in the heat. The consequence may be easily imagined. They were both nearly dead when discovered by the other inmates of the house. It appears that Leary was the first to discover the danger they were in by hearing his wife make a peculiar noise as if she wero being choked. lie had just strength to open the door, and call for assistance, when it was found that his wife was still breathing, but quite unconscious. Drs. Foster, Shaw, and Day wero promptly in attendance, end re stored Lear}' in a short time, but Mrs. Leary remained in a critical state for many hours. A woman named llachael Williams was burnt to death last Wednesday morning in her bed, in Melbourne, under shocking cir cumstances. The unfortunate woman, wlio seems to have been given for a length of time to habits of intemperance, had been for the last 10 years cohabiting with a man named Francis Iirophy, a tailor, by whom she had one son, having left her husband and three other children some years pre viously. Tho woman had been j>ut to bed with a hot brick at lier feet, which ignited the surrounding clothes, tho result being that she wa9 so severely burnt about the feet and legs that she died soon after her con dition had been discovered. A consignment of rains for Mr. 0. B. Fisher have arrived at Melbourne per Mac duff. A German immigrant ship has arrived at Brisbane with 375 immigrants. Sixteen died on the passage of scarlet fever. A correspondent of the Qucenslander, writing from Toowoomba, reports that he Jinds green chilies, broke into halves and rubbed over his rose bushes, to be an effec tual check to the aphis, with which his plants were overrun until he used the chilies. This looks like a discovery of importance, especially should chilies or cliilie ■water prove equally effective upon garden stuff. The Austrian Exhibition Gazette calls at tention to a new and important industry, ■viz., the importation of rabit hair with wool and cotton in weaving; textile fabric. When properly prepared the hair affords a good strong' yarn, which is said to fas in no way inferior to wooL The shorter hairs which are incapable of being- woven, are readily purchased by felt hat makers at three thalers a pound. An important industry is likely to grow out of the successful introduction of rabbit-hair weaving in all countries. Curious messages are sometimes found with deserted infants in the streets of Mel bourne. Inside the dress of a child that was found exposed on Dr. Barratt's door step, at Emerald hill, on Sunday night was a piece of paper, on which was written the following- words:—" I did not neglect this child wilfully; I had no means to support him. Call him Berty Stephens. I will try and get him when I can afford to keep him." This possibly will afford a cluo to discover the mother of the infant. Says the Wagga Wagga Express:— " So mo young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 0 o'clock, attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening timorous passers-by. Ho possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, he awrnted behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robinsons residence and the Public School the approach of some one upon whom to practice the effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortunately for Mm these Bliortly appeared in the,persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was sufficiently self-possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshy origin by declining to come too n§ar, as the damsels system of * laying' spirits was' not to his taste. H the ' ghost* makes a re-appearance, and there be a particularly muddy hole in the vicinity, probably some one will see the advisable ness of mixing such spirits with a little water. A cold bath, and supple switch to restore the circulation afterwards, are capital conjunctive remedies for such freaks as these, of which the results might bo very serious to a timid female." By the arrival of the ketch Eliza, yester day afternoon from Green Island, we have intelligence »f another massacre .of white men, engaged in the beche-le- mer trade; and,- unfortunately, this time the victims are only too well-known and esteemed in tho town. It may be remembered that some six weeks ago tho cutter Margaret Jane was purchased and fitted out by Mr. James Mercer, late of the European Hotel; he took with him his co-partners and work men, Charley Beeves (lately with Evans and Norris), and Scotty ("for many years in the service of Towns and Co.), also Well known in Townsville. Mr. Evan's fishing station is situate some quarter of a mile from the position taken up by Mercer and party. On tho 10th instant, Daniel Kelly was on watch; ho heard the blacks shout ing out that some whitefellows had been killed, and on proceeding armed to the other station, found the bodies of Mercer, Scotty, and the Kanaka dead, their heads nearly severed from their bodies. Charley lleeves evidently endeavored to escape, but was tracked down, his brains clubbed out with a musket, tho stock of which was lying beside him, and the barrel in the bush some few yards distant.—C. B. Express, July 20. We see by a telegram in tho Advertiser that a man named William Goulboura was tilled at the Blinman Mine on Monday last bv the explosion of bad blasting powder, which he was crushing, A rich reef has been discovered at Upper Bingera, KS.W. Nearly eight pounds weight of gold was obtained from two foucfetsful of stuff from a quartz reef only just opened, two feet wide. The skeleton of a Chinaman lias boen found lied to a sapling at Greenfell, N.S.W. ! Mr.?. Daly, wife of the late Goldfields Warden, Victoria, has been acquitted of the charge of perjury. The boiler of a locomotive on tho Gcelong Railway burst last week, but no one was hurt, although several trucks were damaged. Early-sown wheat in tho neighborhood of Mlang is looking well, but savere frosts ap pear to retard the growth of late crops. Mr. J. Goldsworthy, of Milang, has been severely injured on tho chest by a restive horse. A rather novel claim for damages is about to be tried at Allahabad by Sir. Rawlins, sub-judge. * It appears that a young man offered a rose to a lady; between the leaves was placed powdered Cayenne pepper, and the lady in smelling the rose went into a lit of sneezing, and ultimately got so seriously iU as to render the constant attendance of two or three medical men necessary. She had to go away for a change, and the hus band claims about 700 rupees as damages. The J2iverina Herald says:—" Mr. Board tells us that he has a cow which, having lost two calves in succession, Laa taken to a lamb, respecting whose welfare she mani fests the most affectionate maternal solici tude ; and we have Mr. Thomas Mitchell's corroboration of the story. Mr. Mitchell assures us that he has seen the cow in the 1 act of suckling the lamb. The veracity of the gentleman above named is beyond ques tion, and it remains for some naturalist to explain the phenomenon." The thunderstorm which visited Mount Gambier on Friday night was severely felt over a large tract of country, and particu cularly so a little northward of the town. Mr. J. Moulten's residence near Worrolong had a narrow escape from being damaged by the fragment of a largo dry gum tree; which was struck by the electric fluid. The tree, which stood within three or four| chains of Mr. Moulton's cottage, was literally! shivered to atoms, and large fragments of it fell in the garden a few yards in front of j the building-. In one direction portions of it were scattered to a distance of five chains from where it stood. In the ground at the ] bottom of the tree the lightning' made a : hole several feet deep.—Border TVatch. j A new kind of paper is announced, which,1 from its absorbent qualities, is spoken of as useful as a substitute for sponge in dressing wounds, &c.; It is manufactured by mixing sponge properly torn to pieces with the or dinary pulp used in paper making. The re sult is said to bo a material of much greater absorbent powers than paper made in the ordinary way. Possibly a variety of the article might afford writers a better kind of blotting paper than that at present obtain able. Worn out sponges, if properly pre- j pared, might answer admirably j even the coarse varieties, found in plenty on our coasts and not now utilised, might bo also available. In these days, when Tags are often at a famine price, it behoves all manu facturers to be as economical as possible. A correspondent of the English Mechanic gives the following account of a novel method of producing potatoes:—I beg to submit to your notice the method, and the only method i employed, in the West Indies for rearing I potatoes, staple article of food amongst the bulk of the inhabitants—namely, by planting j the haulm, which is cut from the plant when I in full flower, about two or three weeks j before the tubers are lifted, the average numbfir of crops being three per annum without manure, and often four crops there with. It is put into ridgos about a foot high, and two feet apart on each side, about 12 or 14in. apart, and hoed occasionally. Since my return to England I have tried i the plan here, and now have good- sized j haulms from tubers raised last summer from j haulms kept purposely for seed as described, which were not put into the ground until July, but would have been better if put in earner, say middle of Juno, so as to bo lit for use as food in October, or reserved for seed the following year. Several of my neighbors intend to make trial of the method as soon as the haulms now growing are fit to be cut olf for the purpose.— . _ -W.II. Bgqwn, Lyme Regis, Dorset. 