THE PHILOSOPHY OF EMIGRA TION. (Pall Mail Gezette.) JUST fifty years ago there prevailed a con-<*> siderable amount of discontent among the agri-<*> cultural community in various parts of Great Britain. The reaction from the high prices of the French war had not yet ceased to affect the distribution of wealth among them, landlords could not at once suffer their rents to fall to the new level, enterprising tenants were unsucoess ful, and many of them rained. Times were hard, and such interference as Government could exercise in the emergency was not adapted to conciliate. Alarmed Ministers and obsequi ous majorities seemed to have no tactics except those of repression and severity. Naturally enough, under these circumstances, the thoughts and wishes of great numbers pointed to wards the United States—the land at once of economical and political promise, where men : were to become enfranchised at the same time from the disheartening struggle for subsistence and from the restraints of aristocratic domina tion. These times were not, indeed, ripe for the emigration of the laboring ciass. Even if their notions bad been sufficiently enlarged to admit of such ambitious schemes, their means would not hare sufficed for the purpose. But in the rank next to theirs, that of the small farmers, the restlessness thus caused produced many pro jects and gome actual experiments. The British colonies then, as now, not only welcomed but soli* cited their approach; and a considerable outflow of people whose only thought was to better them* selves, and who did not care for politics, actually took place in that direction. But to those with more speculative spirits, with whom we are now dealing, the attraction of Bepublican institutions was irresistible. Several pioneers of the movement went out to show the road to the multitude which was to follow. These were able men, and many of them published their experience in books. Anything more disheartening, or more calculated to deter instead of stimuhv ting, could not possibly have been laid before the public. The writings of Birkbeck, Fearon, and others of the same kind, bora stronger evidence against the institutions which they were sent oat to eulogise than any political enemy could have invented. Theirs was the eaae of Balaam reversed: they went out to bless, and took to cursing inltead. They described a land in which the c'imate was enervating, sickness frightfully prevalent, the people overbearing and overreaching, where the institutions were sham*, and the requisite labor was excessive. It is no exaggeration to say that the tale* of these disabused travellers produced for the time a very misleading effect on the ordinary English mind, and that for some yean, until better sense and increased experience prevailed, the idea of expatriation for the United State* became decidedly unpopular. And yet the advantage* of emigration to the State* were not less real then they are now. Then, a* now, that country offered security for the present and certainty of advance for the future to competent men of industry, who went there with the resolution to succeed and the firmness to use the right mean* of success, did these democratic pioneers fail so lamentably, and deter other* by their failure ? Simply because they did not go out with the single-hearted purpose of making their own way in life. They were discontented, not merely with their own inadequate remuneration in England, but with the state of English society. They were malcontents. A malcontent is either an enthusiast or a man with a grievance. An enthusiast get* disabused and disheartened. A man with a grievance carries his grievance everywhere; like Horace's care, it clings to him oa shipboard and on horseback. An emigrant of each class either wastes strength and resource* on some impracticable schemes, or when placed in the* right road he has not endurance enough to encounter .the first diffi culties of his career. We do not mean that there are no exceptions to so sweeping a sen tence, but they are rare ones. Seldom, indeed, doss an emigrant thrive who lets himself be seduced by a crotchet, or frames his plan of action in accordance with some preconceived theories of inexperience. Singularly enough, the intelligence of the last few days has made us acquainted with two dis tinct examples, very different in circumstances, but similar in principle, of the truth of these general views. A considerable body of English emigrant* was recently induced by highly colored representations to emigrate en mcute to Paraguay. It is a region far in the interior of South America, tropical in c imate, thousands of miles remote from civilised life, inhabited by a race of half-breds speaking only Spanish or Portuguese, and recently extricated from long and desolating warfare. The poor laborers who accepted the offer might have studied, if they had so pleased, not only the advantages held out by the United States to those who can afford to make their way there, but the competing inducements held out by our own colonies, only too eager to attract visitors of the class to which these men belonged. But they disregarded represents tions made on official authority, which they doubtless looked upon as snares to entice them. They preferred to follow the advice of unau thorised counsellors, just as people of the same class are apt to prefer that of quacks to that of regular practitioners. To El Dorado they were resolved to go; and of El Dorado they were heartily sick in a few months. How far they had been misled by false statements, or how far they gave way under their own want of " pluck" and patience, it is impossible for us to say. But the remnant of them — still, as we read, some 600 in number —seem to have been brought back to the sea-coast literally by the chanty both of British residents and of kindly natives. One episode in their exodus seems worth remembering: the escape of an old soldier, on foot, across a thousand miles or so of desert, with a young and delicate wife. The one redeeming feature in the report which these bring of their wretched adventure seems to be that of the ex ceeding kindliness and hospitality of the simple Creole and Indian populations through whose districts they passed. The old soldier and his wife, penniless, made their daily way from one distant homestead to another, and never failed of finding shelter, food, and attention. The parallel to this event, in a certain sense, may be found in the reports which reach us of the mission of If r Ardh to Canada. That influ ential leader of the agricultural laborers' move ment has gone out, as is well known, with the view of discovering and utilising a field of cmi* gration for the class whose interests he advo~ cates. He has been received with all the atten tion which is the due of one who has raised himself to the position of something resembling a power in the community. But if we can trust the account of' his proceedings communi cated by a very able correspondent to the Daily News, the earliest impressions received by his party must have been sadly disappointing. They chose for their first field of enquiry the eastern townships of the province of Quebec, formerly Lower Canada, a district colonised by British, though in close proximity to the French settlement. It is a fertile but not an attractive region, with a healthy but iron climate, and covered with thick forest wherever cultivation has not extirpated it: no land of Cockayne, bnt one which will repay steady industry and endurance of much hardship. The following is the effect which it produced on eyes fresh from England, but pre pared one would suppose, not to view matters in the least favorable light:— " I am sorry to say our investigations were not satisfactory. If the farmers whom we met last week are a fair specimen of the Lower Canada farmers, I would earnestly dissuade the , English laborers from leaving their present masters to come out and serve under them Toil-worn, narrow-minded, and apparently with out one other idea than that of how much work they can get out of a man for the dollars they must pay him, I know of no agriculturists' in England whom I would not elect to serve under in preference to them. * What are your hours ?' we said to one of the farmers who intimated bis desire to have an English laborer sent out to him. '' From sunrise to sunset during five months and from six to six during the rest,' was his reply. ' Then all I An say to you,' replied the outspoken Warwickshire man, Ms that I wish yon may get him.* ' But our pay,* continued the farmer, ' consider how good it is —• dollar and • quarter a day, with board and lodging.' • Can't help it/ responded Mr. Arch; 1 what yon want v a slave, and Britons never will be slaves.' The dried-np, labor* •tarred owner of hundreds of broad acres teemed as much nonplussed as English employers hare been by Mr Arch's strong utter* ances. On my expressing astonishment at the absence of laborers from the forms—for, driving all day through a farming district, I saw no men at work anywhere, except here and there one whom oar guide assured us was either the far* mer or his son—a farmer with whom we stayed to converse assured us that they got on very tolerably. ' Yonder,' said he, 'is a farmer who is worth 6000 dollars and a farm of 300 or 400 acres, and all his ordinary help is one young fellow whom you see now with him.' And, sure enough, as we drove past, there was the tough old fellow slaving away with his rake among the barley, and close at band was the oae farm hand. The comfortable, jolly-faced farmers of Old England need not grudge these Canadian farmers their rent-free domains. Verily there are worse things than rent audits. I have seen more haggard-faced farmers since I have been in Canada than I have met during a forty yean' residence in rural districts at home. And never have I seen during the same period such miserable-looking, lank, and hopeless laborers as the few whom I have seen in the service of these terrible taskmasters." Comment on inch disclosures as these would be really superfluous. It may no doubt prove, aa the correspondent suggests, that Mr Arch and his fellow missionaries will be better pleased with Upper than Lower Canada; but the condi tions of h'fe are substantially the same in both, and the necessity for severe and what Unionists term "slavish" labor equally fundamental. Probably the explorers of the promised land will return disenchanted with the New World, but not a whit better disposed to be satisfied with the old. The lesson we draw from the occur*, renoe is a very simple one: it does not answer to look one way and row another. Ha who emigrates simply to better himself has the world before him. He who emigrates to find or to found a Utopia, whether in relianoe on excep tional advantagea of climate and soil, or on those of equalising institutions, is doomed in all likelihood to failure. Other* may arise after him to profit both by bif arron and his dis coveries. Axoho- • party of a down persons who left Crewkerne, Somerset, in September, to join the Salt Lake community of Mormons, wh aa old woman 80 years of age. It v expected that PriaotM Loaue and the Marquis of Lome will shortly take up their reaideooe at Kensington Palace, which has recently been set apart for their abode. The mansion building to the south of the palace for the Duke of Edinburgh and his bnde is not likely to be finished and ready for occupation for two or three yean. At a meeting held at Toam, at which about 250 of the Boman Catholic clergy were present, including the Archbishop, Dr. Mo Hale, who presided, a number of resolutions in favor of Home Bule were adopted. The resolutions were strongly in condemnation of the Act of Union, and pledging the clergy to inpport Home Bule candidates. Ms. Whaxxst, speaking at a dinner at Peterborough, explained his reasons for taking to active an interest in the Tiohborne case, and said:—" If they could not get funds from the working men of England to carry on the case, he would sell his carriage—in fact, ererything he possessed—down to his own ©oat, to carry out the ease to the fullest extent." A Laiaa cask of Schloss Johanoisberg of 1861, reputed the finest wine the famous Tine yard of Prince Metternich erer produced, was lately told by auction at the cellars on the ipot, and was knocked down to a Bussian agent at the price of 28,000 gulden, whioh will make the hock cost as nearly as possible twenty guineas a dosen when bottled, supposing there is no loss or waste in the process. At the Heslingden county mart, Mr W. A. Hutton, judge, delivered judgment in an action brought against the Postmaster-General for alleged damage in consequence of the destruo tion of a telegram. Mr Overstall sent a tele gram to a tradesman at Barrow-in-Furness to meet him at Preston instead of at Lancaster, as previously agreed upon. The boy entrusted with the message, finding the man to whom it was addressed away from his place of business, des troyed the telegram. In eonsequenoe of this, the parties did not meet, and the plaintiff claimed 16* as damages. His Honor gave judgment lor the defendant, on the ground that the Pos' master-General was not responsible for the negligence of his subordinate officers. Tax American journals announce the death at Newhaven, in Connecticut, of Dr. Stockmann, one«of the leading members of the general Be publican movement of Germany in 1848. He was the first to head it in Saxony,- where he raised a volunteer force to resist Prussian inter* vention, which obtained a slight sucoessover the first party of regulars encountered, but soon afterwards was dispersed, and of course hunted down. Taken, and condemned to imprisonment for life, he spent seven years in dose confine* ment at Dantsic, after whioh, his sentence being oommuted to exile, he emigrated to America, and became a successful practitioner for the rest of his life in his chosen home in New England. Ik a sermon preached at Sheffield in aid of the West Biding Fund for the relief of the widows and orphans of indigent clergymen, the Bishop of Manchester remarked on the practice of early marriages prevailing among curates. In no class, he said, did so many imprudent marriages take place as amongst the clergy. The Bishop declared that in many cases this recklessnets was nothing less than a great crime; for a man who had no particular ability and no peculiar qualifications which could recommend him to his superiors to burden himself at the outset of life with the responsibilities of the married state, was a piece of undeniable folly, and often detracted from the aid whioh the Church ought to receive from him as one of her servants. Mb Stbrtbb, the jeweller, of Condnit-street, has patented an ingenious contrivance for super* seding the check-string and speaking tube in a brougham or other carriage having a splash* board. It consists of two dials, one on the splashboard facing the driver, the other within the carriage, and easy of access to the ocou* pant. The dials bear the words, "Go on," "Stop, 8t.," ••Turn, 8t.," "Fast." "Slow," "TurnLt.," "Stop, Lt.," and "Home*" and to these any other words, such as " Club," may be added to meet individual requirements. The inside dial is furnished with a little handle, the outside dial with an index and with a bell ring* ing a single sharp, clear stroke. The " indica* tor" is fixed upon Thorn's cab, which has gained the first prize at the International Ex* hibition, and Mr Streeter is trying to get one on every hansom cab in London. . Thb Pall Mall Gazette remarks that Octo ber 24 seems to have been a " bqavy day " at the Lambeth Police Court. Seldom, perhaps, has such a series of enormities been brought, within a few hours, before the notice of a magis trate.* The first case was that of a woman named Carloss, who was charged with Sunday trading in Lambeth-walk, and it was proved, beyond the possibility of dispute, that she had sold two ounces of acidulated drops for three halfpence, and a doll to a child for a halfpenny. The wretched woman, indeed, made no attempt to deny her guilt, and merely urged, in extenua* tion, the ridiculous plea that " she depended entirely upon the little trade she did on Satur day night and Sunday." Mr Merriman, who appeared for the defence, hoped the magistrate would meet the case by inflicting a fine of a penny and no costs. Mr Chance feared, however, that this might seem like throwing ridicule on the law, and to avoid this danger fined the defendant 6d. A succession of almost equally painful oases followed. A draper named Henry had to be fined in the same sum for selling a needle and some socks ; Thomas Irons for selling a bird cage and some teed was fined 2s; a butterman named Curran was fined 6d for selling some salt pork, and a cornchandler named Coucher Is for selling some flour. One case only presented some mitigating features. It was that of a picture-dealer named Avis, of whom the inspector iiad bought a frame and small print. Here it was shown that the defendant was in ill-health, and Mr Chance taking this into consideration, inflicted a fine of 6d and costs only. Sad as is the spectacle which these cases reveal, it i» something to know that the evil is being energetically dealt with, and Babbath*breaking is being that sternly sup pressed. PBMABATIOBTt FOB TBS BOTAX MaBBIAOB.— Queen Victoria will be represented at the mar riage of her second ton, the Dake of Edinburgh, by Her Majwty'i eldest daughter, the Crown Princeis of Germany and Princess Boyal of England. This it the immediate object of the journey of her Imperial Highness, with the Crown Prince her husband, to St. Petersburg. Db. Glxan, of Oolosa County, California, own* a ranch which contains nearly 44,000 aorei. It embraces a frontage of 18 mile* on the Sacramento Birer, and extends back about five miles. It is enclosed and divided by 140 miles of fencing. One tenant, G. W. Hoog, rents and cultivates about 10,000 acres of the land, and the Gupton Brothers cultivate an equal portion. Some 15,000 acres are rented out to a number of farmers who work on a smaller scale. At the present time Hoog is engaged in cutting 7000 acres of wheat and barley. The crop this year will yield about 20 bushels per acre of wheat. In favorable sea sons the yield has been about 35 bushels. The yield of barley is considerably larger. The total crop will amount to nearly 180,000 bushels. He is thrashing his grain with one of Case's 48 inch cylinder thrashing machines, which is ran by a 20 horse- power steam engine. To supply this machine requires six large-sized headers and eighteen header waggons, all of which require the labor of 110 horses and 50 men. The machine has thrashed five sacks of barley per minute, at which rate it has run for an hour and a half in succession. It has also thrashed thirty-two sacks of wheat in seven minutes. It will require about six weeks to thrash the entire crop. These are the opera tions of Hoog alone. Gupton Brothers have an equally large crop, and are driving oa busi ness on about the same scale. The smaller tenants are equally well employed.—Sacra mento Union. A Goubm AJTDBATBK.—-« Sir,—The following anecdote (which I hope may find a place in your interesting paper), tends to show that Charles Dickens' unfortunate raven might have re covered from the' youthful indiscretion' which it fell • victim to, had it been treated in a similar manner. I have got a raven, now about eight months old, and not being content to imitate Dickens' well known one in speech, last Friday afternoon it followed in its predecessor's steps so far as to steal and swallow a lump of white lead about the siie of a large hen's or duck's egg. Of course we were all very fright ened and thought it was a doomed bird, more •specially as in about half an hour it began to droop and could hardly walk, when one of the family suggested castor oil. Luckily, having some handy for a bilious dog, we brought the bottle quickly on the scene \ the bird's natural curiosity helped him, he tried to swallow the bottle, so taking the cork out I took the oppor tunity to pour about a dessert spoonful down its unsuspecting throat. We then soaked some lump sugar and bread in the oil, and scattered them about, all of whioh the raven eat greedily. To our great joy, and I may say surprise, in about half an hour he had brought it all up, and excepting being weak seemed all right. By Saturday afternoon the bird was aa well as ever and has perfectly recovered his powers of mis chief, eating, and mimicry. I need hardly say, we shall take better care of any paint, 4c., for the future."—H. W. Lathom Browne in Land and Water. A COVBTANT reader of the Xvtntment, writing from Liege, reports • tragio duel in that town. The "Constant Reader" says that at a local cafe" two Prussian officers entered and called for refreshment. The place was very full, and their " orders " were not immediately complied with, whereon one of the Prussian officers exclaimed, " Are there no French officers here to serve us P " Two Belgian officers, seated at an ad -1 joining table, went up to the Prussians, and observing that there were no French officers present, added that they would take up the cudgels for Vhmneur Franqait, and challenged them. The duel was to be fought next morn ing. The " Constant Header " adds that one of the Prussians did not make his appearance oa the ground. His comrade kept the appoint ment, and was shot dead. Thb Japan Herald tells the story of a friendly 1 meeting between two worthies of the Satsuma elan and a foreigner, who, when menaced in the street by them, invited his enemies to a neigh bouring tea-house. In the course of conver sation, the guests informed their hosts that their opinions of foreigners hitherto had been very unfavorable to the latterj " they had rather regarded them as a scourge to the country than anything else, but now," rubbing their stomachs, "they 'felt reason to change these opinions. Nations who catered for the delectation of their fellow men by concocting anoh divine drinks as Bass' beer and Medoo claret, and who sent men to distant countries Ito stand' these liberally to whomsoever they might meet, could not mean harm to Japan. They therefore intimated that eternal friend ship and regard were the only feelings they would henceforth entertain for foreigners. That the newspapers of the Great Republic should take the lead of the rest of the world in snake stories is uot surprising. Two of these which are gliding through the country press Are thus referred to by the New York Tribune .— The subject of one of these tales sports the merry day away in Lake Ohamplain, and is beautifully formed for a sailor, having a natural hood on the back part of his head with a cape to keep the rain off. He has likewise a very broad mouth, and smiles engagingly upon the bystanders, as who should say, " Approach, O breakfast." The other snake is a Southern one, of an amiable temper. A gentleman, while lately employed in gathering the pleasant rasp berry, became fatigued and sat himself down upon what be supposed was a log. To his dismay he immediately began moving down hill, and presently found that he was Bested upon the back of an immense snake, sixty feet long, and corpulent in proportion. He arose directly and gracefully retired. Thb London correspondent of the Birming ham Part writes:—"lf any devout Spiritist prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenbam. There are two mediums there, Mr Meskelene and Mr Oooke, who have great qualifications for astounding them. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They, make 1 tables dance, walking sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air, and present themselves to favorites of the spirits; a lady floats in the air—not in the dark seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are not re quired to sit round in the dark, holding each others bands like so many idiots, but with powerful opera glasses in their hands, are in* vited on the stage, and sit there during the performance—' manifestations,' I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated bo that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it. The floor below is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap-door impossible, and there are no possible means by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation, vet a man enters the box, his legs are looked in heavy wooden stocks i when the door is opened the man is gone and no one can conceive in what way he has dis appeared. He returns to his box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic proolivities. He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened ; and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious- gentle man from the body of the meeting, yet neither could discover how the disappearance came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both ate each other, no one was able to say or to suggest in what possible man ner they could have disappeared. The Maske lene and Cooke spirits will excel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirit* disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of the world, but now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr Maskelene and Mr Oooke play Spiritist** pranks whioh no Cook- lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago, the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cooke would have been fire and faggot" Thi coal used by tbe Great Eastern Railway during the lut six monthi coat £3ii,153 more than for the sime period of 1872, tbe consump* tion being about 5003 tons a week. Bxobktit a whale took a couple of turai round the Indo- European telegraph cable between Kurraohee and Gwadur. Tbe damage wai repaired within three days, notwithstanding boisterous weather.— Friend of India. _ A BEA-lION running amuck in a crowded city ii, happily, an unusual incident, yet it nearly occurred the other day in San Francisco, and seems, not unnaturally, to hare oauied much excitement. One day in September, according to the San Francisco Chronic'e, a large sea-lion belonging to a menagerie con* nected with a circus broke out of bis cage and dashed across the arena. In a moment all was confusion and alarm. The horses, which had not been unhitched from the waggons, took to rearing, kicking, and tnorting, and added to the general disturbance. The elephant beoame frantic, and danced round a post to which he was chained, making mad efforts to break loose. Tbe monkeys, the lions, and the Bengal tiger made the most horrible noises and showed alarm* ing symptoms of disorganisation. In the mean time the sea-lion was chased by several men with ropes, who at last managed to throw ■ noose over him, and then commenced a fearful struggle. The captured beast became perfectly furious, springing savagely at his keepers " with distended jaws and flashing eyes. Several times they had narrow escapes of being mangled and mauled. He was tied to a post driven in the ground, but pulled it up in his violent strug gles. He was then tied to one of the cages i bat such was his strength and fury that lie dragaed the cage and waggon over on their side. After a protracted struggle be was secured juit as tbe order had been given by the proprietor of the menagerie to shoot him. The rest of tbe beaste were, however, so upset by the conduct of the sea-lion that it was some time before they eoold be restored to order and quiet. Thb question as to the comparative value of . Australian preserved meat and freshly killed meat as an article of diet has led to a difference of opinion between tbe Manchester city magic* trates and the Home Secretary. It seems that . for some time Australian preserved meat hac been adopted aa the diet of prisoners in the city gaol, a saving of about Is 9fcd per head being effected by this arrangement. The Inspectoc of Prisons, however—Mr Powell—in a report to the Home-office ou the subject expressed bis opinion thai at least a tixth additional weight ought to be issued with each ration in order to render the preserved meat equal in nutrition to the freshly killed meat. On the other hand, the oity gaol surgeon, after careful observation, has come to tbe conclusion that Australian meat is preferable to the meat for* merly in. use, both on nutritive and economical grounds. The Home Secretary in tbe meantime declines to aanotion the use of Australian meat in the prison unless the addition of one-sixth in weight is made to the rations, ac recommended by the inspector. The magis trates, at their meeting on Monday, rather de murred to acting on this direction from the Home-offioe, and although they ultimately agreed to the amended scale of diet proposed, they decided oa notifying to tbe Home Secretary that they did not do so without considerable hesitation after tbe gaol surgeon's report, and suggested that an enquiry be instituted by the Government into the matter. So many persona, rightly or wrongly, share the belief that Austra lian meat is not equal in nutritive value to freshly-killed meat, and that it.is most desirable) if possible, to discover the real state of the ease. Thi correspondent of the Pati Mall QanttU at the Hsgue states that the report has just been published of the Commission, appointed some months ago, to examine the question of tbe financial conditions on which a concession could be granted to private persons for the con* struetion of railways in Java. The Commission were aUo instructed to indicate the direction to be taken by the several lines. Tbe Commission propose that 960 kilometres of railway line* should be constructed. Tbe concession will be granted by private tender to those who can provide the best guarantees, without distinction of nations. The office of the company mnst, however, be established at the Hague. Tbe lines proposed are front Batavia to Tji- Tjalengka; from Tjilatjap to Djecjo; from Solo to Soorabaya | from Sours* baya to Malang. The Government will give the land required free of cost, and the lines are to be built under inspection of the Government. Tbe concession is granted for ninety-nine yean t when this term is expired the State becomes the owner. The cost is estimated at 125,000 florins per kilometre, making a total for the whole system of 120,000,000 florins. The com pany must raise a capital of 20,000,000 florins, on which the State will pay interest at 5 pet cent per annum. When a part of the railway system is completed, the State will repay the money expended in its construction, so that the whole amount of 120,000,000 florins will be ultimately furnished by the State. If the cost of construction exceed the estimate, the Go* veramest will contribute from 60 to 90 per cent, of the amount. Lawyers are not, as a rule, sentimental \ nor, indeed, is this to be wondered at wben it is remembered that there is a wide difference in style between the sensation novel and Acts of Parliament which form their chief reading. A scene, however, occurred the other day in Con necticut, in the United States, whioh, if cor rectly reported, shows that lawyers are not altogether so unemotional as is generally sup posed. Two brothers, who had been living for years on the most unoomfortable terms, lately came to blows; tbenoe to a justice of peace, and thence through appeal to the superior court. One was found guilty, and in the ease of the other tbe jury could not agree. Then were the brothers called before Judge Foster, who gsve them " asuitable admonition." He told them how wrong and shameful it was of them to quarrel in this fashion—that there was fault on both sides, and he did not know whioh was the worse of the two. He remarked that law was a costly luxury, and advised them to keep out of it. Then he besought them to be friends hereafter, and solemnly demanded a promise to that effect. The brothers gave this pledge promptly, sob bing when tbe judge told them to shake hands t but more extraordinary still, it is stated that the distriot attorney and all ihe members of the bar were weeping—in faot, there was not a dry eye among any of the lawyers present. Let us hope that the advioe given by the judge to the brothers to keep out of law for. the future as a costly luxury, and their promise to follow this suggestion, had nothing to do with the singular emotion displayed by the bar. Thb reform of the jury system will certainly be very far from complete so long as such practices as that into whioh. tbe Middlesex justices have just been instituting an enquiry can be'carried on with impunity. It appears from a report lately laid before the bench, that more than one complaint of a most serious nature has been recently made against a Mr Strong, a summoning officer of juries to the court. In July last a juryman stated that being summoned on one occasion, and finding it very inconvenient to attend, he went to Strong's office, where be saw a person in • back room. On representing to him the dif ficulty of serving, this person suggested, that as he was a " gentleman," two guineas might overcome the difficulty. The juryman did not pay the two guineas,^svnd brought the matter before the court j but Strong, on being summoned by Rir William Bodkin, alleged that he knew nothing about the matter, and that one of his clerks must have attempted the extortion without his authority. , Subsequently another gentleman, a stockbroker, made « similar complaint. He also had been to Strong's office and represented the inoonvenienoe of attending, when he was told he must pay a guinea. While the reluctant juryman was hesitating whether or not he should pay the guinea, Strong said coolly, "Do as you like, sir. I- suppose your time is not worth 21s or you would not hesitate. If you don't attend you will be fined." And at this juncture the voice of a woman, supposed to be that of the > widow of the late sherifl's offiwr, Strong's predecessor, was heard to say from an inner 1 room, " Ton will find it all right, sir, a guinea is tbe price." Strong, however, having no ohange, ultimately consented kindly to accept £1 instead of a guinea. If it be true, as Sergeant Cox thinks, that this system has been carried on to an enormous extent, it is oeitainly time for tlifl Middlesex jostioes to US*.Steps "for putting SB 