Sfre (Courier PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1873. WE congratulate our venerable Sydney ] contemporary. on his discovery that a Four per Cent Stock is not so bad a thing after all When the new Queensland loan was announced, the proposal was snubbed with the superciliousness of age, and we were treated to a homily upon the inadvisability of mixed securities Those of New South Wales are in a rather curious contrast to homogeneity just now and will if the New South Wales Treasurer's proposal be adopted, be worse But the fact is that the terms of a loan, like the rate of discount, unconsciously adjust themselves to the condition of the money market, and the soundness of the security When money is cheap and the credit of a colony improved, it can borrow at four more readily than it originally, and under less favorable circumstances, did at five or six The financier has to watch the condition and prospects of the market, and guide his measures accordingly Toj some years past there has been an upward tendency in the value of colonial stocks, and a down ward one in that of money Were a rigid analysis entered into, we should probably find that a percent colonial deben June at par is not so extravagant an advance upon a 6 per cent. at 98 in 1899 as might at first sight appear Had the Sydney Mon away Met and taken these things into its consideration a short time back, it would have seen no impolicy in the attempt to negotiate a lower rate of stock simply because a higher one had preceded it The success of the experience of a 4, percent stock, so far as it has gone, has been encouraging enough to justify the wish of our contemporary for uniformity in the colonial securities, only in an opposite direction to that which he expressed If the Victorian Treasurer, by resolutely holding out, can quit his funded subscription at par, and the Sydney market we spent with any readiness to the New South Wales proposal, there will be an impetus given to the values of all Austin and securities in the London market The great aim of the Colonial Governments then should be, to secure a gradual and perfect consolidation oítheirexistiugdc has at uniform rates It is unnecessary for us to go over the old arguments adduced so often in favor of such a plan, for its desirability in some shape seems now generally acceded to There is a little difference in the details, some financiers advocating a kind of sinking fund for the periodical withdrawal of certain fixed sums from the market, and others prefering a permanent stock We imagine that the arguments on either side spring in great measure nora the influences exerted by the business connections of those who adduce them Since Lord Gin s VILLE's masterly pamphlet, more than half a century back, we are not aware that any financial authority of weight has advocated a sinking fund pine and simple , although, perhaps, Sir ROBEM MAC IIFVIE'S ardent support of such a scheme may revise the ancient traditions on the subject, and comfort the ghost of Dr PmcL It is said that a system of peace dical payments gives confidence It might if it could be secured, but that is dependent upon contingencies irrespective of intention On the other hand, trustees who are on the look out for fixed investment dislike being troubled with frequent changes, or indeed any change. If the amount of real transfers in the 3 per Cent. Consols were compared with the speculative transactions, and both with the total amount of the stock, we should no doubt find that the actual change of ownership was comparatively very small indeed. This would indicate a preference for fixed securities by investors as distinguished from speculators. The fact points to a further enquiry what is the average annual surplus of profit available for investment in the great securities on the Exchange, and what proportion of that finds its way into the shape of trust funds ? Until some steps are taken to ascertain those points, so that the results may be compared with the amount of stock open for permanent investment, we are without the data absolutely necessary to enable us to arrive at correct conclusions. As to opinion on financial matters mere opinion and nothing else we are not inclined to give much weight to it. And actually at the present time we have scarcely been able to test the point in debate as fully as might be wished by the actual wishes of buyers. If Australian public securities were left open to trustees to invest in without specific permission in the trust itself, so that no personal responsibility might be incurred by the investment, we should be able to tell more about it. Until then, we are very much dependent upon the information possessed by the creators of the trusts-and we imagine that until lately all knowledge of the financial resources of these colonies was comprised within a very small circle as far as the general public was concerned. But whatever shape the ultimate consolidation of the debt may assume, we shall I have to guard specially against any repeti- tion of the late loan transaction. We do not suppose that they who reaped the benefit of that are by any means satisfied. It was, to use a common phrase, just a wet of the whistle preparatory to a larger draught; and if the profit on £330,000 could be repeated in like proportion on five millions, there would be great facilities for discounts at low rates without affecting the chances of a satisfactory dividend. It is significant of the hot and cold blowing process which is so ready to the bands of our Sydney friends, that the Herald has now found its way to doubt whether the portion of the New South Wales Loan proposed to be raised by debentures on the London exchange should be called for at present, seeing that the colony does not want the money yet. We commend its reasoning to our Treasury authorities here, as supplying a comment on their facile yielding to the solicitations of the Bank of New South Wales, and placing our 4 per cents, at 14 per cent. lower than the price adhered to for like securities in Victoria. We presume that the Sydney 4 per cent, inscribed stock will be issued at par. Now there is no such great difference as to market-as distinguished from arithmetical-values between our sixes and New South Wales fives. Yet but a short time has elapsed since our Government took a little more than 86 for that, for something like which 100 will probably be asked for in Sydney. We should very much like to know how these curious discrepancies of opinion can be accounted for. Why our securities were valued at so greatly a lower rate by our own Government, and why when every other colonial Ministry are intent on placing the highest possible value upon the public credit ours were content to cry stinking fish ? We suppose there is some sort of answer to these queries we should very much like to see it. A MEETING of the promoters and other persons interested in the holding of a race meeting at South Brisbane, on Easter Monday, was held at Nolan's Royal Mail Hotel last evening. Mr. J. Graham was voted to the chair, and the first business proceeded with was the election of stewards and officers, which resulted as follows: Judge, Mr. J. R. Jones 2 starter, Mr. J. Wilson ; clerk of the course, Mr. J. Pariah j stewards, Messrs. W. Moffat, J. Graham, A. Fraser, J. Wilson, and James Blakey. A first rate programme of sports was then arranged. The prizes were not decided upon because the subscription lists are likely to be considerably augmented before the day of the races. A very creditable sum has already been collected, considering the short time the matter has been in bond, and some of the prizes will be well worth winning. A fair number of entries are expected for each event, and if the weather proves favorable there is likely to be a large attendance on the course A MAN named Francis Lambert was yesterday charged with larceny at the Central Police Court.-William Alexander, a draper, residing at Mr. Menzies' boarding- house, Ed ward-street, deposed that the prisoner had been staying at the same house, and that on the 6th instant he lost a pair of sleeve-links, of the value of it. or 5s., from his portmanteau. [The sleeve-links were produced and ¡dontiíícd.]-Defectivo Shoot him said he arrested the prisoner yesterday morning, and found the sleeve-links non- produced in his coat pocket. When questioned, he said he had brought them from England. He was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Brisbane gaol. AT the Petty Debts Court, yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, the plaintiff) in the case of Medhurst and Co. v. AgncsDrow (adjourned from the previous day) were non-suited, Mr. Cansdell objection that a wife cannot be sued apart from her husband being sustained, on reference to various authorities and decisions, The case of Stephen Rogers v. John Hicks, for detention of goods, which was partly heard on Wednesday, was decided in favor of the plain the, defendant to return the goods or pay £10, with Is. nominal damages. from the plaintiff, Mr. Hely, instructed by Mr. W. H. Wilson for the defendant, Mr. Cansdell, instructed by Mr. Mucnish.-H. Mitchell v. Davison, claim £0 for goods. Mr. Hely, instructed by Mr. W. H. Wilson, appeared for the plaintiff 5 and Mr. Mein defended. the article in dispute was a gold Albert chain, which defendant said had been left at his house but not purchased ; he also maintained that it was considerably worn, and was not worth more than £5. On the other hand, it was shown that it had lain at defendant's house three weeks, and plaintiff stated positively that he had sold the article The verdict was for the plaintiff. 