CD« gjßmn ittormna fierai*» FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1873. One of the most marvellous revolutions of which history makes record is that which is taking place in the eyeB of the world in Japan, a country UHtil lately almost unknown. The rigorous exclusion of strangers was one of the settled principles of its Government, and ex- cepting a small place in the hands of the Dutch, no foreigner was permitted either to trade or to tread the shores. A surly opposition, dan- gerous to the traveller, marked the first efforts at intercourse. In the interior a feudal system which seemed almost a copy of that which prevailed centuries ago in Europe, divided the country under great lords, seme of whom held retainers who num- bered by millions. The Government was under i wo rulers who were understood, to have different functions - one controlling the | ecclesiastical, and the «other the temporal j affairs. This, however, was found to be a delusion. Suddenly the true Sovereign de- clared himself, suppressed his rival with a strong hand, showed himself among the Euro- pean population, declared his intention to set up a Government conformable to the practice of Europe, and to Bubjeet the feudal lords to the ascendency of - law. This j gi eat change was accomplished with slight exposition. A considerable amount of money was transferred from the nobility to the Crown. 'I he sovereign authority, which never, indeed, has been disputed in form, though formerly usurped by the subordinate ruler, was fully recognised to reside in one hand. This change was not commenced until 1853, when the American Commodore, Perry', forced the Japanese to open their ports and to enter into relations with Europeans. This was not accom- plished without a sharp contest ; and in 1858 the Powers which signed the treaty enforced its observance by a united attack. From this time there was a rapid change "in the face of affairs. The Sovereign, who is called the Mikado, seemed to labour with incessant diligence to revolutionise not only the form of his Government, but the man- ners of his people. The division of authority was formerly the vice of Japan. The present Sovereign has resolved upon unification and to reconstruct the Empire upon a plan entirely new. The damios or nobles gave into the hands of the monarch a great proportion of their power and wealth. The style in which this was done indicates ' the rela*ions of the Sovereign and the people. "Become to me," he says, "a support; be for me that which wings are to the bird ; yield to my authority that which it lacks ; unite with my servants and join' your force to theirs ; labour for the glory of my government, so that I may succeed in the accomplishment of the work of reform," ^The answer of the lepresentative of the nobility was to this effect: " I prostrate myself, and I listen to the Im- perial word. Questions of such importance are much above the obscure intelligence of a servant such as I am." Following these changes the Sovereign dis- placed many of his servants, and on the 29th August, 1871. he formally declared his inten- tion of placing his Empire on a level with the most perfect civilization. He observes, " We have the conviction that to attain to this result it is necessary that that which exists in name ¡.hould exist in fact, and that the governmental authority should emanate from the same centre." The great influence of these nobles may be understood since one clan consisted of eight millions of individuals. There are many persons who are anxious lest the furore of innovation should produce a dangerous reaction. At any rate, the people seem to be animated with the spirit ot their ruler. There are now at Vienna several repre- sentatives of Japan who have conveyed there the choice productions of the country. The most striking fact is the establishment of schools on the American system, and the employment at great cost of foreigners to assist in the work. The Court man- ners are strictly in imitation of those in Europe. The dress approaches closely to the same model. The reviews and military exhibitions are given on the same plan of imitation. It seems that the oriental pro si lations are discouraged, and a foreign re- presentative is received by the Sovereign stand- ing, who shows himself for the first time in the 8tieets, and at public ceremonies, altogether like a citizen-king. IKat which appears chiefly defective is the want of absolute toleration in matters of religion. Active persecution, has however, been abated. There seems to be a great antipathy to the name of Christ among the Japanese. The trampling on the cross used to be a ceremony of which some old Prince still pre- served the evidence. It is, however, almost cer- tain (that, if the reforms initiated continue, liberty of worship will be allowed. The Japanese have shown great aptitude in adopting arts arid improvements. Among thèse of course will be reckoned the steamboat and the railroad. The messengers sent by the Government to all the countries of Europe for the special object of collecting ideas', . and comparing the system of various nations, will probably produce a unique result. Such a change is how exciting the liveliest concern in every civilized nation. The rapidity of the revolution is un- exampled. Ita leaders are the princes of the land. It is ' even extending to the Chinese themselves. The present Emperor of China has broken through some of the. restrictions of custom, and has declared his intention to understand the interests of his Empire. The Chinese may not advance so rapidly as the Japanese, but they have a larger field for culture, and the revolution in manners and ideas will not be limited to any part of the East. We cannot but contrast the impression of these events with the experience of past years. Those who carried the torch of civilization had to do so in the midst of surrounding dark- ness, and their laborious efforts were oftener the topics of ridicule than «f praise, but the advancement now made seems to outstrip the dreams of ancient times, and, with the ameliora- tion of manners and customs, it cannot be doubted that the morals of these interesting people will be influenced by the standard of Christian nations. The mercantile residents of Jeddo are of course subject to the laws of commerce, and can no longer deal with nations on the terms of early times. The value of silk and tea and all other commodities will be measured by the standard of Europe, and, to assure this result, the Japanese Government have esta- blished a coinage after the model of European nations. The apparatus provided for another eastern government has been purchased by the Japanese, and is now in full operation. Men get punished for ignorance as well as vice. It is no excuse for a man that he does not know . what is plain to be known, and the excuse stands for nothing when-made in the school of experience. If a man kills another, or steals i from him, or slanders him, it is of no avail for him to say that he did not know he was breaking the law, and he suffers accordingly. If he enters the market with an insufficient knowledge of what he means to buy or sell, he is victimised by the first sharper he meets, and getB no redress. If, in crossing a street, he is nin down by a cab, Doctrina merely says, " There's one for you, you should look out ! " If he pampers his appetite, he acquires a s-lnggish liver, suffers incredible pains, and loses hia liberty to his doctor, who thenceforth tyrannises over him, and those who know the cause observe, "It serves him right!" If he yields to indolence, he comes to want-if to extravagance he comes to beggary-if to miserliness, he becomes tormented with cruel anxiety. Should he go with Folly he is con due ed to the house where stripes are dealt out upon the back of fools. The man who violates the plain laws of health, of society, of reason, learns his experience in a rough school. Each fault brings its blow, and sometimes the blow is a fatal one--and perhaps Louis Figtjiek is light, when he describes the silly fellow as being turned back to the beginning again and made to commence anew, like the children in the round about games. It is never said in this school-" If you do so and so again you will be punished"-the first fault brings down the retributive palm upon the offender's ear with decided and memorable impact, and so the lessons of life get learned. At the present time there is a good deal being learned in this manner by the manual labourers of Europe and America. Seeing that {he joint products of capital and labour are wrongfully distributed, they apply to the resultant evil remedies repugnant alike to history and reason. The International Society and its expedients present an example of this, as the sagacious Under- Secretary of State, Mr. Grant Duff, considers, judging from what he lately said about it in the British Par- liament. His words are worthy of quotation : ' The. schemes of the so-called International Society for regenerating the world are based on absolute ignorance or disregard of the economic laws by which the world is governed. That being so, we know that the end of them must be to perish and come to naught, after no doubt causing more or less of bloodshed and destruction of property in this or that place." It is enough for this class of labourers that they suffer from wrongs (as undoubtedly they do in common with a great many others) ; and they adopt measures of redress, either ignorant or reckless of the fact, that if obtained in pursuance of such measures, it must be at the expense of further injustice to other classes who are already suffering in varying degrees from the same causes as themselves. The' Mi ike in itself, as a remedy, is harmless and justifiable enough, but, combined with the ! i-ystem of terrorism that usually accompanies it, it is most baneful in its effects. And yet these are the expedients to which the working men have recourse for the avowed purpose of correcting abuses in the distribution of wealth. When they say, "W^e have the same right to fix the price of our labour as the tmder has to fix the price of his wares, and to refuse to take less than our price," they stimd on solid ground. But when they say to other workmen " You shall not sell your labour at less than the prices we have fixed," and to employers, "You shall hire no labour unless you pay the wages and submit to rules which we in our, councils have prescribed," and pro- ceed to organize a force to give effect to their plans,' they repudiate the principles, the lan- guage, and the customs of social and business life, and adopt those which properly pertain only to spoliation and war. '1 he workmen oí New York have recently biought upon themselves a pretty severe casti gation for their want of sense in try- ing to force the eight- hour system upon the employers of that city in the building trade. "The evil results," observes the Scientific American, "of the eight-hour movement of last summer, which for nearly eleven weeks paraljzed the industries of this city, have during the present winter been severely felt. The statistics of our Commis- sioners of Charities and Corrections show that the number of industripus and unem- ployed poor craving the benefit ef public charities has been unusually large, while such statistics as have been gathered indicate serious losses both to employers and workmen in many branches of trade." To show the manner in which the building and other cognate trades were affected, a comparison was insfltuted of the records of the building trade for corre- sponding periods in 1871 and 1872. This com- parison shows that from May 27 to November 30 in the first-mentioned year 1333 edifices were erected, and alterations made in 310 more. Of these 528 were first class structures of an average cost of 18,000 dollars ; 53 factories and work- shops averaging 8000 dollars, and 33 hotels, public buildings, and churches averaging 200,000 dolían each. The aggregate sum invested, in/ all for. Che twenty-seven weeks was 25,672,000 dollars. During the" same months in 1872 there were of the first-class buildings but 107, of factories 29, hotels, &c;" 16, and altogether but 707 buildings, and 287 alterations executed at au aggregate cost of 12,821,000 dollars. Here, then, was a dead loss to the city jn improve- ments in twenty-seven weeks of 12,851,000 dollars, and as much forced out of the building trade into other channels. If it be fair to esti- mate labour at one-half the cost-as the jour- nal does from which we take these particulars - we perceive 6,425,000 dollars as a dead loss, not to capitalists who can save themselves by other investments, but to the working men, who have no other support. To the 39.663 dollars per day paid for their strike, must be added collateral expenses, such as the money borrowed during its continuance from various trade associations. Nor is this all of the prac- tical results of the movement. We find it stated, " that at the present time there is but one-fifth the amount of first-class work in this city to be canied- over into Spring of that done last year, and that to employ the same number of men, and they to average the same quantity of labour as they did in 1872, there ia not 4J hours' work per day this season for each man 'employed in the building trade." It is very plain that no business involving the employment of labour can be carried, on successfully if the employees regulate their own wages without regard to the consent of their employer, dictate how many hours shall constitute a day, and graduate their working down to the lowest possible standard short of absolute idleness. So long as working men are rational in their demands, and rational in the mode they employ of enforcing them, they will get what is due to them ; but, if irrational, they will find themselves dealt with by the hand of a stern teacher. Thb Sydney Monthly Overland Mail The Summary of. colonial news for transmissian to Europe hy tho steamship Bangalore will bo published in this journal .to-morrow morning, the 14th instant. Adver- tisers aro particularly requested to sond in thoir favours early this day. Alterations in advoitisoments ordered for moro than one insertion must bo sent in before 3 o'clock to-day. TnE Herald Summaey,-Orders for extra copies should bo lodged with tho olork at tho counter to-day. Our friends in the country are reminded that ordora to post for Englamd will lie to» late after to-morrow morning's mail. The Postmaster-General.-The Honorable Saul Samuel has arrived at Melbourne from his visit to Auckland. During hiB absonco from Sydney tho duties of his department oro performed by tho Promior (thu Honor oblo Henry Parkes) in addition to tho duties of his own oflieo, that of Colonial Secretory. Mr. Snniuel will proceed to Europe by tho out going mail. The Président of the Legislative Council. \- Ourreodors will bo glad to learn that tho health of Sir Terence Aubry Murray has somewhat improved, TRAFFIC MANAGER.-We understand that Mr. Moody, Traffic Manager at the Redfern Railway Station, who has been latterly under suspension, has been called upon to show cause why he should not be removed from the Public service. Etiquette of the Bab.-A discussion, rather of a conversational than a formal character, took jilai* in tho Supreme Court in banco yesterday, os to the etiquette of the bar in regard to senior members of tho pro- I fession appearing in coses without junior counsel to obsíbI them. The Chief Justice remarked that not- only the I Attorney-General but all Queon's Counsol wore supposed to havo junior barristers retained with thom to appear in Court. Mr. Justice Faucett observed that in this country a relaxation of tho rule had grown up in coses where Queen's Counsel appeared for tho defence ; but ho bad not j bonni of any Buch principio in tho Imperial Courts. The I Attorney-General stated that sinco he -hod been in oflieo tlieio bad been only one case in which, ho hod held a brief without having junior counsol retained with him ; but very frequently ho was compelled to appear alono, from tho circumstance thothis junior was engaged in another Court. There was no doubt that tho rigid enforcement of professional etiquette in this respect is a consummation devoutly to be prayed for by many of tho "unbricfed" juniors ; but wholhor suitors would care to pay extra fees for the sako of adding to the dignity of tho leaders of the Bar is another question. The Share Market and Investors' Record. -This useful compilation is again published as a supple- ment to this week's Sydney Mail, in time for tho out- going English mail steamer, which leaves on Sunday next, H. M. Schooner Conflict.'-Lieutenant Mansell, who is to command the Bchoonor Conflict, in- tended to hold surveillance over tho labour traffic of tho Pacific Islands, arrived at Melbourne, from San Franoisco, by tho barque Henrietta Behr, and roaohed Sydney per steamer. Webb's Btcomers having ceased to run between these colonies and California, Lieutenant Monsell hod to como on by a sailing vessel. Church of England-On Trinity Sund ty, tho Bishop of Sjdnoy hold on Ordination in St Andrews Cathedral, at 11 am The servico for morning prayer having been held at 8 o'clock, tho Ordination Service began with a hymn of adoration and praiso to tho Eternal Tunity (f>o 235 Morccr ) Ino sermon was then preached by the Roi H A Langley, of St Mary s, Balmain Tho text was ColoBSians tot ohaptcr 28th verso The candidates vi ero then presented, after tho singing of anothei h>mn (W8 Mercer), by the Dean, as Archdeacon, in tho following order -The deacons first, then the priests-tho deacons being William WooIIb, Ph D, John Douso Langley, trinity College, Dublin Stanley Howard, Umveri-ity of Cambiidgo The priests wcro tho Roi Ailhur Blacket, BA, Sydney Unncrsitv, and the Rev John Do vo, sou Theic. wus a largo congregation, the Cathedral boin.? well filled leAi^DwicK Destitute Children's Asylum - The following lottei has been addressed by tho Hon E Deas thomson to Mr D Kenned) -" Barham, Sydney, June 10,1873 Sir,-I have much plcasuro in expressing to von and the accomplished members of your family who Rt-initod m the concert of Scottish music givon at tho Rand ii lok Asj lum this morning, tho thanks of the directors and other members of that institution for tho grenttre itoflordod to tho children, as well us to all who woro fortunato enough to bo present on tho occasion As one of your countrymen, tho selection of Scottish songs afforded mo great delight by recalling many of the most beautiful airs and stirring poetry to bo found m onr national collection With my best wishes for tho continued success of jour offerts to diütiso a tasto for tho cultivation of tho music of our nativo land, belicio mo to bo, Sir, yours most faithfully, E Dfas Thomson, President of the Society for the Rcliof of Desti- tute Children, Randwick ' Maternal Aifection-At the Water Police Court, jestordaj, a man namod Allon was charged with w ifo desertion Mrs Allen informed tho Bench that hor husband hod neglected to contnbuto to her support, but if ho took chargo of thou* child, 4 yoin, of ago, sho would coi n hei ow n living Defendant consented, and tho mother, after kissing her child, placed it at its father s feet, and then w alkea out of the Court Holes in Macquarie streep-A conespon dent writes -"Allow me, thtough your columns, to call attention to a short but dangerous holo m tho abovonomed street, directly opposite St Stephen's Church I was lying listening to tho rattle of the carriages roturning, this morning, from the ball, and within fiftoon minutes I heard tho springs of two carnages break, as they splashed through tins ti np I trust that the ocouponts of these carnages reached home safely " The Dangerous Condition ok Battle Buidos on the Pauuamatta Road.-Á correspondent calls attention to tho.above, and thinks it will, in alf proba- bility, bo tho means of saving tho livos of some nightly tra- vellers ; for, if they are not very careful in passing ovor this portion of the rood when dark, the chances aro thoy may be precipatoted to the bottom. Tho timber, ho says| is com- pletely rotten, and no longer safe to sustain the earth and stones above. Large portions of tho road havo caved in, leaving openings that aro likely to prove traps for tho unwary. A New Gas.-It is stated that a new ga« has been discovered by Mr. J. Gouldsmith Rolls, of Fort Natal. It is made from tho juice of the Euphorbia, Tho first uso to which this juice was applied by Mr. Rolls was in the preservation of iron ships from tho corroding effects of seo water. Mr. Rolls has, howevor, appliqd this juice of tho Euphorbia in tho preparation of gas for illuminating purposes. There is no fire required for producing the gaB, for it is generated by the mixturo of the Eupboibia juice in a glass vessel with certain other materials, too exact nature of which is for the present kept secret. From this genera- tor the gas is conveyed by a pipe into the receiver, or gasometer, which is a cylinder closed at the top, and so suspended, hy weights passing'over pulleys, as to rise out of the vessel filled with water, in which ita mouth is immersed as the gas is admitted beneath it, and to sink and deliver a supply of gas when an outlet is provided. It would supply gas at a cost of threepence for ono light for-two or three nours a day for a fortnight. This is formatoriols alone. [ Supreme Court.-Business, This Day.-Term List. Crown Casca : The Queen v. Narden, The Quota v, Usher and another, The Queen v. Woods, The Queen v. Rothe, The Queen v. Finnoran, The Queen r. Knight ; fal re Leighton, bobeas corpus. Motions generally. Motions. &c.; : Allen v. Guiry. Motion Nisi for Now Trial : In re Webber exparte Stewart, to act aside order; Moore t. Stibbard, to dissolve injunction. Master's Office.—At 10.30 : Galloway v. Mobbs, to settle mortgage At 11 a.m. : Donohue v. Seale and others, to settle report. District Court.-Friday, 13th June.—Ca Sa Motions : Corbm and another v. Ward, Aaron v. Uhr Muston v. Casey, Konmedy v. Williams, Reynolds v. Evans' Reeve v. Otycu. Causes : Laundry v. Cowio, Gordon v! Dninsfield, Walkor v. Cohen, Davis v. Montefiore, Davis v. Pile ,,. r ?^E-7"îhe {?llowmg « a memorandum of the quantity of tin oro forwordod by Messrs. W. K P"i¿ Mid Co., from Murrurundi Railway St ition, from Älh m nth June, 1873: on occountof Bank N. S. WsC Ita»? 1 ewt. 2 qrs. 4 lbs ; B. T. Warner, 5 ton» U cwfcl qr ¿ lbs. ; Commercial Bunk, 4 tons 0 cwt. 3 qrs. 12 lbs . rift over 1,1 ton 7 ewt. 3 qrs. 10 lbs.; Cope Hiirdraee 0» 'à (~T 3 ewt. 3 qrs. 6 lbs. ; total, 22 tow 6 cwt. lqr Ä'. Exploration between Adelaide ami» Perth.-On tho 15th of April (soys tho & A. JSfaiXi Colonel Warburton*» expedition loft Alice Snrinira to Ti ploro tho western portion of tho continent ond penetrate to Perth, a fow dotatls, which havo recently come to han« will bo interesting to our readers. The party consists of* the leader, threo other Euiopoitns, Messrs. J W Lrnri» (second in command), Warburton, jun., and Dennis, tw» Aflghans, Halcón and Siloy, m oharge of tho camels, and a ' native boy. Thoro aro sixteen tmraols, and tho nartv am furnished most completely with firosniiB, mathematical to htrumonts, and evory other requisite for thojournev bo" sides ample provisions for six months. After verv oarnfui consideration, Colonel Warburton has decided not to tah» any horsos, but to depend upon tho camels aloiio. Arnon» tbo advantages ho hopes to secure by this pisa aro lh» greater independence of wator, and tho consonuant savin? of time in searching for it, whioh tho presence of horsoi would mako a primary necessity; tho greater speed at which the camels will travol, and tho smaller numbai of men needed, ono mon boing ablo U> look after several, camels. Tho notivbs aro so torrifiod at tho camols that Colonel Warburton also count» upon thora as ii great safeguard against hostile atttski. wlnlo ho relies upon tho sagacity of tho camels, combined with their strength of sfomoch, to protect thom from anv d lingers arising from tho poisonous plants of Western Australia, which havo so often provod fatal to horses and cattle in the interior. There aro of courso Boroo counter balancing disadvantages, the most sorious of which will piobablyproio to bo tho greotor difficulty of penotratine: through denso forest, tho height of the camels ronderine their packs moro likely to como in contact with sproadint brunches. At tho samo timo it is obvious that a party with both horses and cornels would bo subject to tho disad- vantages ottendont upon each, and although ho may lo thought to havo taken a bold stop in dispensing with horse» altogether, Colonel Warburton has probably docidod wisolv in making his cheico of ono kind of animal alono. Wo shall look with eagorness for tho first nows of hia arrival in Perth, which ought to reach us in a fow months timo We beliovo it is intended, if this bold exporiment of the camels is a success, to offer tho uso of them for a term to the WoBteni Australian Government for purpoBe« of ex- ploration. The Proposal for a Guerilla System ok Waufaue m New 35eai anii -Tho following is from tho Ihamei Adla tiscr,-'' It is forvently tobo hoped that war will bo avoided, or that, if an armed forco has to ontor til» interior for the purpose of apprehending tho murdoror of Sullivan, it will only ha\oto deal with tho fow mon who have yet gathorcd to hiB standard If tho worst come» to the worst, and wo havo to deal with 1500 or 2000 mon, it will be a formoro serious motterthun many pcoploimagino As to the plan so eagerly spoken of by many inconsiderate people, of offering rewards for heads, that is quito out of the (mention. We daro not do it for our credit's sake What w mild they say m England ? Tho colony woull be sunk to tho lowest depths, and would not get up again for a gonoration Wo might bid forowoll to all linpc of progress, and, for any good that tho majority of colonists could do to themschos, thoj might us well leave tho colony at once. '1 ho North Island of New Zoulaud wi uld not be worth living in i for any man now m tho primo of life That is, supposing tho plan to bo success- ful But it would bo a hideous failure Wo do not be. 1ic\p that e\on fnendly natives havo any very mtcas» afketion for us , wo can easily boliovo that tho sympathy of i ice is strong But there aro many natives whom it would be downright murdor to shoot, and of that crime no one w ho consented to such a mode of warfare could hold limit-elf guiltless, for it would bo suro to bo committed The adoption of suth a system would probably double our actual enemies, and m all likelihood half-a-dozon Eura pcaus would fall for ono Maori. X ho natives would con (LUtrate m their strongholds in tho intonor, and maka siK'h on 'oukati' that no band could pass without difcovery In such circumstances any men going into the mtuiorwould have to go in bodies 500 or COO strong, and the} would find it impossible to surpnso even a woman or e luid And what would they do for a commissariat i Wa all know our difficulties in that respect during the late war. Dit idea of fighting the natu os with guerilla parties m abMitdanüTimpracticublo, if there were no other argumont against it And wo think it may also bo fairly argued u^tunst such a plan that it would brutalise ourselves and oui ilnldrtn to an extent hardly conceivablo Wo do not think there aro many men and women who would caro to be fauuhar themselves, or to familiarize their children, with paling our noblo warnors for the hoads of mon, women, and children they might bring in. ' The Lover s Reflections -Sir Stephen ex- cised himsolf from staying beyond a few minutes at Shar rows by saying ho hod only strolled out to have a oigar, und that finding himself at the gate ho thought he would osl Bctsoy to send Joo Bunco up to him tho noxt day, the truth being that from the moment dinnerwas over he had dont nothing but moko and break resolutions. Ho would have been ashamed to acknowledge to himsolf how m»y times he had turned back from ¿harrows gato, trying ti ki ep his purpose of not seeing Hero that ovening Ho had petulantly said that ho was behaving like somo lover of eighteen, possessed by a first mad passion, which submits to everything but common sense ond self-control, two things which told Sir Stephen it was beBt and wisest not ta se< k another immediate m tu now But what wai the stn ngth of theso elderly spinster virtues compared with the young giant's, who made his eyes hunger and his ear» thnst for a sound or a look from her, who suddenly sceiiitd to havo cast out o\erv object in life, and to hove taken sole and undisputed possession of him He must go to her, ho would ask foi i furthor explanation-who wob his mai, what wore the i ncumstontes of an ongagemont, which hope said wa» peihups nothing but a form Ho would tell her that, until lie bttran to try and quench his love ho hid never dn iiincd of tho mastery it had gained o\ or him that with hoi Ins happinesB must stand or fall and thon he would tntieat hoi to bo frank with lum, and to tell him every- thing and if aught but love of that other were tho ob -.tarlt nothing on earth should keep her from him And tbei-i thoughts filling his heart, ho walked swiftly on into liri 11 csencc, and found himself face to face with Loo Des jinid It needed but a glance at Hero to tell him who tau mu ¿nest was, and, after that one look, ho kept his gaM iii dilj averted from her until ho said good-'iyo, tuon, the loldncss of hor hand irresistibU drow his eves to- il mils the poor little face, which tho hot colour nanny di d »way, looked liko a faded flower, whito and ashen Tint some night, after leaving Hero Leo on his partun dcrw nt a tolerably sharp Btrujiglo with, in his case, that lnuht fornndiiblo ot all opponents, his ow n inclination Thi» pu n pted him to go tho noxt day, and upbraid Koro with lu r ( oldness and ni tompor But if ho did this there would be nn end to all his plans and schemes, for, of course, of lu a tiuorrtl w ould como the making up, and ho would hine tobo moro lover- liko than e\or And thon thatfatal tempter, tho toinponsing spint, stepped in, and whispored» suggestion that he should defer all this until Wednesday, when, having met Mrs Labouchere, ho would bo in a bettor position to judgohow bo should act Homight seo that ho lliid not the ghost of a chance, and then the matter would be settled and ho could indulge in quarrelling with aad forgiviug Hero to his heart's content But suppose that chances- seemed favourable, what then r1-" The Freseolts »f Famphtl/on," ni the Sydney Mat! Mrs. George Darrell and Miss Adklaidk BoiwtiNG.-The somewhat sudden announcement of tho intended departuro of Mr. and Mrs. George Darroll for San Francisco has not boen received by tho lovors of legitimate, drama, without a good deal of regrnt. Their absence oven for ii time will be a loss to tho colonial stage, and much sur- prise has been expressed that tho talented couple should have mot with so littlo encourogoment in the colonies from the- lessees of our principal theatres. Prior to their sailing, however, they havo arranged to play a farewell engagement of .six nights at tho Victoria Theatre with Miss Adclaid» , Bowring, and the first porformanco took placo lost night, when the tragedy of "Romeo and Juliet" wob givon, firs. Darrell sustaining tho character of Rfnnoo, Miss Bowing, Juliet, and Mr. George Diirreli, Mcr'cutie. Tho weather Was most inclement, but despito all drawbneks, thoro was a voiy full house, with the exception of tho dross circle, which was not so well patronised as it undoubtedly would have been hod the rain held off. Mrs. Darrell's appcnraiico in tho first act was tho signul for a burst of applauso which lusted for somo time, tho greeting evidently being u» spontaneous as it was heart}-. Mi«s Bowring oui Mr. Darrell wots also complimented in the boiuo munnor. With- out going into any elaborate criticisin'of tho performance, it muy be stated that Mrs. Darroll gave a most excellent rendering of Romeo, nndlho audiunco woie not sloiviu 'pronouncing their emphatic approval of tlie performance. Mirny old pluvgoors who romembcred Mrs. Darroll (then Mrs. Robort Heir) in tho brightest days of G. V. Brooke, were probably in the Victoria Theotni bust night, and n» - doubt recognised the presence of a good deul of th%t drama- tic power und versatility which mokes Mrs. Darrell's name nlmobt inseparable from that of tho talented tragedian. Miss Bowring's Juliet was an exquisito pieco of acting, the character being well sustained, throughout, and Mr. Darrell mode un admirable Mercutio. The rest of tho cast was a» follows : Friar Lawrence, Mr.W. G. Carey ; Tybalt, Mr. 4. G. Joyce; Capulet, Mr. J. J.Welsh; Friar John, Mr. Martin ; Peter, Mr. H. Power ; Benvolio, Mr. J. H. Ram- ford; Lady Capulot, Miss Melville, and Nurse, Mrs. Charles Jones. The tragedy from first to last went splem didly, and at the close Mr. and Mr«. Darrell and Mis» Bowring wcro enthusiastically applauded. , To-night, 1 "Homlet" will be produced. 