The Storyteller. HUNTING A SHADOW. BY M. E. K. CHAPTER XI. VICTORINR'S untiring energy was amongst her strongest weapons. But Arthur's right to her undivided attention was about to be disputed. It was getting towards the hour for morning visitors, and the first of these was, to Arthur's extreme annoyance, Lord Wilcox. In he came, his whiskers and his hair in a state of perfection, bis cambric handkerchief as scented with musk as ever—bis white glistening teeth and jewelled band displayed with the same consummate xbppery. And truly, if there was a fop on earth, Arthur thought that fop was Francis, Lord Wilcox. Arthur rose, and bowed stffly; then, on the plea of indisposition, retreated to an easy chair at the furthur end of the room, and did not trouble himself to join in the conversation. There waa no one on earth he less wished to see than this lord. That one interview in the opera bouse Arthur thought was enough to place a golf between them for ever. He began to feel jealous and excited even as he sat and looked at bun, and listened to his frivolous conversation. Only to hear him! Fine words drop from his mouth like jewels. His adjectives are enough to set all the other parts of speech against him. Arthur wonders where he oomes from, and why such a puppy need live! " Delighted to see you looking so charmingly this morning, Miss Ferrers. Suffered no fatigue* I hope. Delicious music; exquisite opera!' And he curled his whiskers neatly round hit inger. " What does he know of the opera ?" grumbled Arthnr in his corner. "He was far too mnch occupied with his own dainty person. Upon my word, this scant of musk is enough to make one faint." Arthur was getting yellow already. With the musk P That is the question. "You will be at Lady Dashwood's ball, of course," continued the dandy, wholly uncon scious of the oontemptuoas glances directed at him from the corner; "it will be a perfect galaxy of beauty." ' Yoa will be there, I suppose, my lord P" said Viotorine, smiling. " Oh, certainly," he replied. " I always was a worshipper at the shrine of beauty. I shall esrtsinly be there." And he switched his bright little boots with his cane. " Talking of beauty," he continued, " did you see that Venus who condescended to come down from the Olympian heights and visit the opera house the other evening P" "Your language is too classical, my lord," said Viotorine, laughing. "I cannot under stand it." " Did yoa not see her P" he asked. " Oh, she was marvellous! Venus herself could hardly compare with her! Such a stately creature! Booh a "He stopped and eyed Arthur with some degree of alarm. "I do not like the looks of that gentleman in the corner," he con tinued, in a whisper; "is he quite right—here, yoa know P" and he tapped his forehead with the handle of his cane. "Oh, yes, perfectly right," replied Vietorine, in a low tone. Pray go on, my lord. I like to hear a handsome woman well described." ->'< Well, then," said he, " she was so majestic, an graceful! And her eyes so large and blue. Heavens, what eyes! Juno's were nothing to them! and her hair! Yoa have heard of golden hair—this lady's " ? *Stay!" cried Arthur, starting up in his ohair, and fixing his eyes on Lord Wiloox with a wild ness that was, to say the least of it, rather ap palling. " Who talks to me of golden hair and a msrjeotie form ? Do you know of whom you are speaking P" " Dear me, hope no offence, air!" said Lord Wiloox. "Upon my honor know nothing of the lady except that her name waa Starefield— yes, Starefield—extraordinary name for such a— a—won't say it again, sir, on my honor will not," and the little terrified lord bowed himself nearly to the door. '" Because she is dead," said Arthur; " dead, for all her golden hair and majestic form. For all she walks and moves, and you can almost bear the trailing of her garments, and see tbe bearing of her bosom. She is dead!—l have seen her dead!" he repeated, and he walked up aad down the room violently excited. " I have not the slightest doubt of it, sir," said Lord Wilcox, meekly, and clutching his bat between both his hands. " Miss Ferrers— very sorry—have an engagement—long past the time—very sorry—delighted to see you looking so charmingly. Your most humble obedient ser vant, Mr. Leslie," and with a profound obei sance to Arthur, he backed towards the door. Victorine followed Lord Wiloox into the library. " I am most grieved at what has occurred, my lord," said Viotorine. " I assure you " " Ah! Miss Ferrers—most distressing oase! ▲ maniac, is he not P" said Lord Wiloox, and bis teeth chattered with fright. " No, not so bad as that," replied Viotorine. HHe is a young artist, who once took the por trait of a lady after she was dead, and fell in love with her. He fancies she appears to him occasionally, and after these apparitions he is very much excited. It is an extraordinary case." " Dear me," said her oompanion, " moat un safe ! Ought to have a keeper. Bedlam is the only place for a man who sees ghosts." " His father was a very old friend of mamma's, 10 we feel some degree of interest in him," con tinued Victorine. "It was thought change of seene would do him good, but I am afraid it has not effected muoh at present." "And does he go about loose P" asked Lord Wiloox, with some anxiety. " Oh, he is quite harmless," replied Victo rine } u you need not be afraid of him in the least." " Well, I—l am no coward, confound me if I am," said Lord Wilcox, " bnt really this sort of thing is very unpleasant. Maniacs—" j "He is not a maniac. It is only a mono mania," said Victorine, quickly. "It is all the same thing," replied Lord Wucox, shrugging his shoulders. " I cannot say that I liko maniacs of any kind. Good Miss Ferrars! there he is coming! What will become of us?" "Yon need be under no anxiety," began Viotorine. "No, no! do not let him in!" cried Lord Wiloox, darting forward to the door, and turn ing the key. " There, at all events, we are safe for the present," he added. "I hare a great horror of mad people, Miss Ferrars. The very tight of them makes my blood run oold; and a dangerous lunatic like Mr. Leslie—hark!" said he, and he retreated as far from the door as he could get." "Let me in, Victorine | are joa thereP" said Arthur on tbe outside; "and is tbat odious lord gone?" j " Do yoa hear that ?" whispered Lord Wiloox, under hi* breath. "He is like all the rest of them—takes a violent dislike—lies in wait murders— who, knows P Oh, lam a lost man!" " Hush, my Lord!" said Victorine, " Arthur is ss feeble as a child from recent illness." "Who are you whispering to, Victorine P" said Arthur. " Bless me, what a trail of musk that puppy haa left behind him ! Why do you not open the door, Victorine?" " Pray do not, Miss Ferrari; have some com passion," cried Lord Wiloox, holding her back. " I assure yoa, my lord, there is not the slightest danger," said Victorine. " I insist on knowing who yoa are whisper ing to, Vietorine, and why yoa are locked in?" cried Arthur, shaking the door in his irritation. "He will burst it open in a minute," said Lord Wiloox. "Oh! what will become of me P Is there no way out P" " There is an outlet through that door," re plied Victorine; " but it is locked, and I have not the key." " And is there no place where yoa oould hide me P" said Lord Wilcox. "I do not mind where." "There is a closet, my lord, if you, an Eng lish nobleman, do not think foul scorn of get ting into it," said Victorine, with some disdain. " What is that about a lord P Are yon going to bide any one in the closet, Viotorine P" said Arthur, again shaking the' door, and getting more and more impatient. "Arthur," said Viotorine, ooaxingly, "go back into the drawing-room, will yoa? It is not convenient for me to open the door ibis minute." " Who have yoa with you P" he asked. "Not any one," she replied} "it is your fancy. "I am writing a letter of business, and . do not wish to be disturbed." " I should not disturb you," said Arthur. " I should only sit reading. I hare left my book on the table j besides, I am sure you have some body with you." "Arthur! Arthur!" she cried, "howprone you are to delusions! Do you doubt my word?" " I never had occasion before," he replied. "But I am certain I heard voices." " You are certain you see faces sometimes, are you not ?" she asked. " Are yoa going to remind me of my misfor tune?" said he. "Thatns scarcely generous, Victorine." " Because, for once, Arthur, I wish to get rid of you," said Victorine. " Yoa are hindering me in a letter of importance." "Promise me one thing," said he, "andl will go." "What is it?" she asked. "That you will not let that odious lord in again," he replied. " Indeed, Arthur, yoa owe me some apology for treating my visiters so rudely," said Vieto rine. "He is gone away seriously alarmed." " Oh, he is gone then ?" said Arthur, much relieved. " Why need he begin to talk to me of Constance P Is the whole world haunted byherP" "It was not Constance," said Victorine. " Other women may be beautiful and have golden hair. You are really very trying this morning, Arthur." " Well, well, I will go," said Arthur; " but I am not quite satisfied, Vietorine." And he went back to the drawing-room. Chaptib XII. Viotobznb felt excessively annoyed at the re sult of her morning's adventure with Lord Wilcox } and when Arthur sent Grace to say he wanted her, she did not hasten to him with her usual alacrity. She was irritated beyond mea sure, and could hardly help letting Grace see it " I will come presently," said Viotorine. " I am busy writing a letter." " But Arthur wants you," said Grace. " Well, he must wait until I have finished," was the reply. " Arthur wait, did you say, Victorine P" she asked, for Grace was becoming as exigent as her brother, the natural result of Victorine's compliance with every whim and caprice. " Yes, of oourse," replied Victorine, with a shade of irritation in her manner. " I thought the rule had always been for the gentleman to wait upon the lady, not the lady on the gentle man." i " But poor Arthur ia so ill," said Grace. " He is no rule for anybody." " This visit to town has done him a great deal of harm," said Victorine, quickly. " His brain is not strong enough for the whirl and excite ment of London. I wish heartily he were safe home again—for his own sake, that is to say," she added, as if afraid of going too far. " He says he is not willing to go without you, Victorine. " Ah, well," said Viotorine, "we must talk that over by-and-by. His health is the princi pal thing just now to be considered." " What an odd thing it is that he keeps seeing that dead woman over and over again," said Grace. " How do you account for it P" "It is the disordered state of his nerves," re plied Victorine, who had taken up her pen, and was continuing to write. " Suoh things are not unfrequent, only they seldom happen to oome under our notice. It will yield to time and management." "I wish it would," said Grace. "1 don't like him to be in this queer way. lam so afraid he should go mad." Viotorine dropped her pen, and exclaimed, " Dear Grace, how you startle me! I wish you would not say such out of the way things." " Because we bad an uncle once, who went mad," said Grace, " and was shut up in a—". " I will not hear it!" said Victorine, hastily. "It is too bad to interrupt me in this manner. Tell Arthur I am writing a letter, will you ?" " Yes, I will tell him. But what a scent of musk there is in this corner," said Graoe. One would almost think that Lord——" " Oh, nothing of the kind," said Victorine. "I scented my handkerchief with it, that is all." " But it seems to come out of this closet," said Grace, going into it with her nose in the air. " Dear me! It is enough to knock you down!" " Now go, Grace, there's a good girl—do go," said Victorine. " I wonder you don't have this place turned out, and regularly seen to," said Grace, delighted to get a survey of the closet; "it is quite shameful the state it is in! But then, servants are all alike, all the world over. I wish you would let me have a bout of setting to rights. I could do it before yon were up in the morning." "No thank you; certainly not," replied Viotorine, laughing. " And here is a oobweb! a cobweb ever so big!" cried Graoe, ooming oat with a face of alarm. "Good gracious! I feel all ore' spiders." " And beetles too, if yon dent inind," said Victorine, quietly. "You bad better go and deliver my message to Arthur." " Arthur 1" cried Grace, banting into tbe drawing-room, "Arthur! yon cannot imagine what a dirty place that library is! I wonder any one can be found to sit in it a minute. Why there is " " Is Victorine coming P" asked Arthur, catting her short* " Yes, directly,'' answered Grace; " she is writing a letter. But I was going to tell you " " I am glad to hear that. She is writing a letter, then," said Arthur, as if bis mind wore set at ease. M Oh, yes j bnt how she can in that library! Yon cannot see oat of tbe window, actually not see oat of it," said Grace; u and there is such j a closet!" " What about tbe closet P" asked Arthur, quickly. •' Oh, it is in such a state," she replied i ' " great cobwebs ever so big, and spiders, and ' beetles, and nobody knows what. Well, how London ladies can -■" "How came you in the closet, prey P" asked Arthur. "Oh, because there was suoh a horrid smell of mask, that I wanted to find oat where it came from. Viotorine said it waa bar hand kerchief, bat I did not believe it." " Yoa ought to have believed it, then," said Arthur. "You have no right to doubt her word." This was a little bit of unreasonableness on Arthur's part, sinoe, only half-an-hour ago, be had been inolined to doubt it himself. "Because I know it was not her handker chief," said Grace. " I have a nose, Arthur, as well as yoa," she added, roughly. "There, Grace, that will do," said Arthur, " I do not wish to hear any more.'* "Of oourse I thought Lord Wiloox might have been there," continued Grace, whose temper was getting up, like a stiff breese at sea; "that lord is hand in glove with her, now. I know very well how it will end. Any one may see that with half an eye." Arthur made no answer. He was busy finishing a little sketch, and he wished, by holding his peace, to be saved the trouble of requesting Grace to leave the room, his last resource in extreme cases. UngaUant, His true* but absolutely necessary. Bat Grace could always keep tbe game up by herself. " They were shut up in tbe library ever so long this morning,/ said Grace ; " I know they were, for I saw them go in." "It is false, Grace!" exdaissed Arthur. " You did not." " I did, I tell yoa. I peeped over the bani ster, and saw them go in, with my own eyes," cried Grace, triumphantly. "I will not accept evidence gained so dis honorably, said Arthnr, toning, however, rather pale. "So Grace, it oomes to this, either yoa must leave the room, or I do." " Yoa may, then," said Grace. " I am not going to be hunted from pillar to post, just be cause you will not believe me, and I law—" But Arthur got up and left the room, bis sketch standing unfinished by the window. In the hall he met Victorine, and was going to pass her. " Stay, Arthur," said she. " I am quite at your service now." " Thank yon," said Arthur. " I should be sorry to encroach too much on your time." "What is the matterP" said Victorine, as tonished at tbe coldness of his manner. " There is nothing the matter," he replied. "I am going oat for a walk." And again he attempted to pass her. "Going by yourself, and looking so pale! Pray do not think of it," said Victorine, detain ing Lim. " Yoa have indulged me too much already, Victorine, and the sooner I get back to my old habits of independence the better," replied Arthur, in the same cold, severe tone. "Good morning to yoa." And disengaging himself quietly but resolutely, he quitted the house in a paroxysm of jealousy. " It is your doing, Grace, I am sore | and I insist on knowing what yoa have said!" cried Victorine, appearing in the drawing-room, with flashing eyes and crimson cheeks. Grace had never seen her so excited before, and she was terribly frightened. "IP when P what do yoa mean P" she stam mered, very much confused. " You have done something, or said some thing, and Arthur has gone off in the most ex cited state. And I insist upon knowing! I will have no stabs in the dark!" cried Victorine* passionately. "I said nothing—when do yoa mesnP I have been sitting quietly here, mending my stockings. It is no good your going on at me. I know nothing about it," said Grace, meekly. " What have yoa jast now been saying to Arthur?" continued Victorine. "He was very well a minute ago, and he has seen no one but you. lam not a person to be trifled with, Grace. What was it P" " Arthur is in a queer way, and yoa know as well as I do what freaks he takes into his head," said Grace, almost crying with fear. " I dare say he will be all right when he comes back." " That ia no answer," said Vietorine. " Yoa said something about the closet; I see it in your face." "Well, and if I did," said Grace} "I only said it was dirty, or something of that sort, and that it smelt of musk, and was full of spiders." " Only that P" said Victorine. : " No, only that indeed," cried Grace, taking a ' little heart. " Nothing else at all." "Nothing about Lord WilcoxP" said Victo rine. " Only that he always smells of musk, too," replied Grace. M You know he does, Viotorine." "And you did not couple his name with mine in any way P" said Viotorine. Grace was silent. " Come, speak out," continued Victorine j "did you?" " I only said—l did not mean to offend any body, I am sure," replied Grace, humbly, " es pecially you, Viotorine—but I only said I thought I saw you and Lord Wilcox go into the library. I was coming down stairs at that very moment, and could not help seeing you." " And you listened at.the door ?" said Vioto rine. "No, no, Viotorine," said Grace, blushing scarlet, and more than ever confused. w Indeed; I could not hear a word yoa were saying. Be sides " " You did listen then P" interrupted Vietorine. Grace trembled violently. She had never seen Viotorine look so terrible. The calm hand some face was changed into that of a fury. The •yes were fierce in their expression of rage. Grace was in for it now, and bow she should get oat of the scrape was past her comprehension. She would gladly have sank into the earth. " Now, Grace, listen to me," said Victorine, in a tone of suppressed passion; "if you dare, on any pretext whatever, to meddle or make strife between Arthnr and me, or to watch and pry, or do anything of the kind, yoa will make me your deadliest enemy, and I will take my revenge, be yoa where yoa may or what yoa may. So, now, is it to be peace or war?" " I am sore I am the most innocent person in the world, and never meant any harm to any body," cried Grace, utterly confounded, and bursting into tears. "I do not want to be any one's enemy—l—l—" " There—that is enough. And if I hear a single word—and Arthur will repeat everything yoa say to me, then—why—yoa shall see what it is to trifle with me and my happiness!" said Vietorine, passionately. Grace began to bluster and protest, bat Vic torine tamed from her with an expression of contempt, and left her to mend her stockings, and patch up the piece of mischief she had eon oooted as beet she oould. Quite enough bad been said. Grace was too great a coward ever to venture on the same game again. She would stand in mortal dread of Victorine ever after} and as for Arthur, there was a rod in pickle for her there. Grace felt quite in the wars that day. Vietorine was in the wars as well, and had a pretty consider able pieoe of diplomacy to effect before the breach could be healed. Bat Arthur, contrary to Victorine'e expectation, and Grace's too, came back in very good spirits, and having quite over come his jealous fit. "Pshaw!" he had thought to himself as be walked along, " am I a man to be so disturbed by a piece of idle mischief-making P Grace has always been my tormentor. But Victorine— what right have Ito doubt her word P—to ac cept such dishonorable evidence P No, indeed! I will behave as if I had not heard it. Poor Viotorine! I owe her sufficient apology for my rudeness." So Arthur came back in one of bis beet and kindest moods, and went instantly in search of Vietorine. " Dear Victorine," said he, " will you forgive me. I have been a very monster of cruelty and injustice." Vietorine held herself back a little. It was more politic not to be won all in a moment. She had prepared a whole array of smiles and becks to win him back, bat now she threw a veil of coldness over them, and drew herself up, the very picture of a woman wronged. " What am I to do to prevail on you to for give me P" said Arthur, greatly distressed. " I can forgive yoa easily enoagh; to forget is the difficulty," replied Vietorine, coldly. "But yoa will forget too," said Arthur} "yoa are so kind and generous. I know my offence has been henious, bat I wfll do my utmost to banish it from your memory. Give me your hand, dearest." Vietorine gave it him, bat without tbe slightest pressure. He kissed it affectionately, and said," Do not let the son go down on your wrath, Viotorine." "I am not angry, only hart," she replied. " I did not deserve it, for I have tried to do my doty to yoa as far as I am able." "So yoa have," said Arthur; "yoa have been a very angel of goodness to me. I should never find your equal in the world, Vietorine." " And yet yoa have almost driven me away from yoa," said Vietorine, a tear trembling in her eye. "I had made up my mind a few minutes ago to start off and visit a friend in Dorsetshire. If I had, you would never have seen me again." " Yes, I should," said Arthur. " I should have followed you into Dorsetshire or any other shire in the three kingdoms." u But you would not have been able to find me," said Viotorine, half amiling, and allowing him to sit down by her side. "Yes, I should. Trust me for that! I would not have come back until I had," cried Arthur, warmly. "Ah! it is all vary fine now," said Viotorine; " but the next time that poor sflly fop of a lord oomes across yoa—and he is at the bottom of it, I know—you will be aa unreasonable as ever. No, I think we had better " " Now, Vietorine, do not say anything merci less," interrupted Arthur; "I wfll be as reasonable as possible. I wfll not even look jealous. Yoa do not cere for him, Vietorine P— that fop, I mean P How should yoa P" "On my honor, no," she replied. "How could you suppose it, Arthur P What is there of him but hie curls and his whiskers?" " And his adjectives," said Arthur, laughing. " And his scent-box," added Vietorine. " I let him oat through the library, as it was the nearest way, and he was so frightened at yoa. Yoa cannot think what a soent of mask he left behind him." " Yoa let him oat through the library P Con found that Grace!" cried Arthur, load and passionately. " res, did not you know that P" said Vietorine. I " I thought I told you, when you were hammer ing at the door. But I wss just then so busy with a letter mamma told me to write to her solicitor. I dislike letters of business more than anything." " Well, Victorine, I shall never hammer at the door again," said Arthur. "I am ashamed to think of it. But is Lord Wiloox really | frightened at me P How truly ridiculous!" "Terrified beyond all measure!" she replied. He thinks you are crasy." " When does he come again P" asked Arthur. " Never, I think," was the reply. "He is too much alarmed." j " Invite him to dinner, and I will do the civil | to the utmost of my power," said Arthnr in the ' plenitude of bis good resolutions. "I do not like any one to think me crazy." "And you will promise to behave well?" said Victorine. "Admirably," replied Arthur. "And now let our peace be sealed, dearest." And their peace was sealed. We need not specify how. CHArrxß XIII. Lobd Wiloox declined Mrs. Ferrars' polite invitation to dinner. But, aa soon as he had sufficiently recovered from his alarm, he con trived several interviews with Victorine, when Arthur was out of the way. Victorine had fascinated him, and the more he saw of her, the stronger the fascination became. No woman he had ever seen was, in his opinion, to be com pared to her, except indeed the Venus he had caught a glimpse of at the opera- house, and who was too much associated in his mind with Arthur's frensy to be remembered with any satisfaction. He diligently frequented every place of amusement where he thought Viotorine might be present; and every time they met, the syren bewitched him a little nearer. In fact, the affair was progressing as favorably as either Victorine or her mother oould desire. The two ladies had oeeseienal conversations on the sub ject, after their own fashion, and ia their own language. " I think poor dear Arthnr is a great dea| better," said Mrs. Ferrars one day. " The caw looks really hopeful; does it not, Vietorine P" " Unless there should be a relapse," returned Victorine, who was sorting her German wools at the table where her mother was sitting. "Exactly," said Mrs.Ferrars; "unless there should be a relapse. Bat it is sometime sinoe he saw tile phantom, or whatever else you please to call it. I am sore I am puuled enough to give it a name." "Only a fortnight since, mamma," returned Viotorine. "It is quits too soon to talk of hopefulness yet." " Well, my love, of oourse I wish to keep op your spirits," said her mother; " for as Lord Wilcox (a most excellent young nobleman he is, Viotorine, and admires yoa extremely; though, of coarse, that is. no matter at all as affairs stand at present)—as Lord Wilcox says, it is no slight charge to have a^—" " Lunatic, mamma?" interrupted Victorine. " Well, my dear, those were his words," said Mrs. Ferrars, " only I was afraid of hurting your feelings. A—— I need not say it again, j you know—in tbe house." " And did you drop a bint of my—-I need not say the word either," said Vietorine, smil ing that exceedingly disagreeable smile of hers, " in his lordship's hearing P" " I did not think of it," replied her mother; "and it would hardly be necessary. Things are so uncertain in poor dear Arthur's state of health; and it would be unpleasant, as I said before, to eontradiet one's own statement" " Very unpleasant, indeed, mamma," returned Victorine. "Do you intend to go to Lady Daahwood's ball, Victorine P" "I see no reason against it," she replied} "exospt that Arthur will not be able to go with me. He is not strong enoagh, and he does not like bells." " There will be no difficulty in finding yoa an escort, my dear," said her mother. " There are Mr. Felix and his sister " " Tb%y are not going," interrupted Viotorine. " Well, then, there are the Wentworths," con tinned her mother. " I cannot endure tbem!" exclaimed Victo rine. " Mrs. Wentworth thinks every one who looks at her husband means to ran away with him." " The Lyntons P" suggested Mrs. Ferrars. "Worse and worse," said Vietorine} "be sides, Mr. Lynton is laid up with the gout, and that settlss the point at ones." " Well, my dear, before the time oomes, per haps we may be fortunate enough to find some one who is not jealous, and who has not the gout," said Mrs. Ferrars, laughing} "by-the bye, we have passed him quite over. What do yoa think of Lord Wilcox P" "He might do, perhaps," replied Victorine, drily. "Yes, I really think he might," said her mother; " and he has been pestering me about this ball all the week. His sister, Lady Henrietta, goes with him, and I am sure would only be too happy to chaperone you. lam quite glad we just happened to think of him." Again that wintry smile. Victorine's beauty oould never stand before it. It was a detestable smile, as bad as a smile oould be. "By-the-bye, Vietorine, what do you call Arthur's illness? I never can give it a name, and I have hunted the medical dictionary from beginning to end. Do you call it a nervous disorder, or a brain disorder, or what P" " It is difficult to say, mamma," replied Vie torine, threading her needle, and beginning to work a pair of slippers she had promised to make for Arthur. "80 it is," said Mrs. Ferrars; " bat I should like to know, my dear. You have consulted Dr. Bowdler privately, have you not?" "Yes, mamma." "And what does he cell it?" " He calls it derangement," replied Viotorine, quietly, and tracing out the pattern with her needle. "Derangement! Good heavens, Viotorine! You don't mean—" " Just what I say, mamma. No sane person would habitually see, or fancy he saw, a phantom." " Is it a phantom, Victorine P" "He thinks it is," she replied. "It is visible to no eyes but his own, and that is characteristic • of a spectre." " But yoa do not believe there are such things aa spectres, Viotorine ?" " No, mamma. Bat I believe a person of un sound mind has moments when he positively sees them. They are palpable objects to him." "My poor child! had you not better pause, and consider ?" " I am considering, mamma; I am not a foolish, infatuated girl, madly in love, and hurried along without sense or reason. I can stop when I choose. My judgment is perfectly unbiassed." "I am glad to hear it," said her mother; "but then you have been well brought up, though I say it. I always tried to put good rational notions into your head, from your childhood upwards. Young people, now-a-days, are ruined by their feelings." "My feelings will never play me false, mamma," said Viotorine; and so the colloquy ended. Arthur had never meddled with his sketch sinoe Graoe had interrupted him to blow up strife between himself and Victorine. He had been too mueh ocoupied in making his peace, and getting it thoroughly established. He had \ urged Viotorine to let their marriage take place at once, and she had almost consented. So that morning he sat down, in overflowing spirits and good humor, to put the finishing touch to his landscape. As he was working away with great energy the door opened, and Lord Wilcox came stealthily into the room. He glanced round with the air of a person who expects to meet an enemy. Then, taking it for granted the coast was clear—for Arthur was concealed from his view by the window curtains—he laid bis hat on the table, threw his white gloves into it, and walking to the fire-place, began to survey him self in the mirror, and to curl his whiskers over his fingers. Presently, to his unspeakable horror, a face appeared side by side with his own, and a voice that struck terror into his whole frame, addressed him with, " Good morn ing, my lord; I hope I see you well." Poor Lord Wiloox! He literally gasped for fear. He had been told that flattery wss a healing balm to diseased minds, and when he was sufficiently recovered to articulate, he re plied, " Quite well, thank yoa, Mr. Lintwood. No need to ask yon how yoa are. Looking charmingly, sir—quite charmingly! Allow me to congratulate you." "Thank you, my lord," returned Arthur. "Very cold this morning," he added, and he took up the poker to stir the fire. "Very cold—very cold, indeed!" replied Lord Wiloox, keeping his eye intently fixed upon the poker. "Are yoa a judge of art? I am finishing a little landscape," said Arthur. " Delighted to see it. From your own neigh borhood, Mr. Idhtwood P" " Leslie, if yon please, my lord." "Oh, yes! Mr. Leslie—beg ten thousand pardons. Never could remember names. From your own neighborhood, Mr. Leslie P" " No, only just a little fancy," replied Arthur. " Very pretty fancy, too!" cried Lord Wilcox, fixing his eye-glass, and endeavoring to see a mile off. *- Yoa had better oome a little nearer," said Arthur, smiling; "there, that is the right light for it." " No, thank you, Mr. Lint Leslie, I mean, beg ten thousand pardons—quite near enough, see it charmingly, most beautiful landscape. Famous tree that behind." "It is not a tree!" cried Arthur, laughing. " It is a windmill." "Windmill! Oh, dear, yes! See it dearly. Quite right—decidedly a wmcUnul, Mr. lon*— Leslie I mean—beg ten thousand pardons, never oould remember names." " I wonder what has become of Miss Ferrars," said Arthur, after a pause. "Vie—Miss Ferrars—beautiful girl—fascina ting, ia she not P Mr. Lint—Leslie, I mean beg ten thousand pardons." " Humph I That is as it happens," said Arthur, coldly, and hating to hear Viotorine's name in that man's mouth. " She is very pass able." "Oh yes, quits right—only passable. Your taste is extremely correct—only just passable," repeated Lord Wiloox, in a terrible hurry to contradict himself. *' People have thought her plain," said Arthur, in a tone of intense pique. "Oh yes—plain, no doubt People have thought her plain. Vic—Miss Ferrars, 1 mean —remarkably plain girl, Mr. Lint Leslie, I mean. Beg ten thousand pardons." "I do not think her plain," interrupted Arthur, his jealousy playing all sorts of tricks with his temper. " Not at all plain, my lord. I think her extremely handsome." "No doubt of it," said Lord Wiloox; " ex tremely handsome. Vio—Miss Ferrars, I mean —extremely handsome, Mr. Lint—" " Pray, my lord, may I ask what authority yoa have to use that lady's Christian name P" said Arthur, testily. " Me, sir!" stammered Lord Wiloox, the cold drops standing on his forehead, " ne, sir?" "Yea, you, my lord," said Arthur; "you have used it three times. I assure yoa I have a right to ask an explanation." " The lamb and the wolf! This man will eat me up at but," gasped Lord Wilcox, aside, and turning as white as ashes. " I assure you, Mr. Lint Leslie, I mean," stammered he j "beg ten thousand pardons." " No apologies, my lord, if you please," inter rupted Arthur. " I assure yoa it was quite accidental," said Lord Wilcox. " I—l—Vic-Miss Ferrars, I mean, Miss Ferrars—Vic—" and be seemed utterly unable to get any further. Arthur shrugged his shoulders. "Itisof no use arguing with this erazy-peted fool," thought he, turning away. "If somebody does not oome soon, I shall make a bolt of it," thought Lord Wiloox. But somebody did oome, in the shape of Victorine, in her walking dress, and looking exceedingly brilliant. She shook bands with Lord Wiloox, congratulated Arthur on his drawing, and then said, politely, " I am quite at your service, my lord." At his service! Arthur's eye darted a flash of fire. " Lord Wiloox, knowing my love for pictures, Arthur, is good enough to show me a gallery belonging to a friend of his," said Viotorine, soothingly. " I shall not be away more than an hour at most." Arthur looked dangerous, so Lord Wilcox thought, and in his alarm and embarrassment he stammered out, " Would Mr. Lint—Lessie I mean—give us the pleasure of—his—his com pany?" " Nothing would please me better, my lord," said Arthur with a grim smile, and annihilating every hope of enjoyment in Lord Wilcox's mind at one fell stroke. Arthur had a perfect right to prevent Vioto rine from going into publio with this foppish lord, and so giving rise to a thousand idle re ports. It was his duty to proteot her from the slsnder and the gossip of the world, and he would do it, even at tbe risk of thrusting him self in where he was not wanted. Victorine, however, was a better tactician than he was, and had arranged things after a different fashion. She was not to be balked by a fit of jealousy she who fancied herself a match even for a spectre. " I am sure, Arthur, I should very muoh pre fer your going with us," said Victorine, drawing him into an ante-room, and speaking in a whis per ; " but I have promised mamma you shall take her a drive this morning, and she will be so disappointed. Poor mamma, she has not been at all well lately. Bhe is anxious, and——" " Wants a little confidential conversation on a very important subject," interrupted Arthur, fully reassured by Victorine's manner. Viotorine blushed, as she replied, " WeH, I can hardly say exactly——" " You need not say anything, dearest," con tinued Arthur. " I can say quite exactly. So, if you please, Mrs. Ferrars and I will transact a little business while you are gone." "Do not be rash, Arthur," said Viotorine, putting on her most bewitching look; "you may be ill again, or a hundred things. It is better to let me continue your friend, and not " " My dearest Victorine, what incorrigible non sense you are talking!" exclaimed Arthur, tak ing both her hands in his. " I shall not be ill again. I am getting quite myself. I even think of going to the ball." " No, no, Arthur, not to the ball," said Vio torine ; " Dr. Bowdler says it would be most imprudent." "Oh, never mind what he says, Victorine. It is naughty of you to be in league with the doctors." " I want to hear what is best to be done with you, Arthur, in case of a fresh attack," said Victorine. " Yon must know what a heavy re sponsibility will rest upon my shoulders by and-bye." "Oh, very heavy, indeed!" said Arthur, laughing. Then, suddenly becoming grave, he added, " Do you know, Viotorine, I am going to send away my picture ?" " Are you P" said Viotorine, smilingly; " how very self-denying that wfll be! I shall have hope of you then." Arthur sighed, as he replied, "We will not talk about it. Yes, lam going to send away my picture—Oh, Constance! Constance!" and he turned away with an expression of intense pain. " There, go, dearest," he addsd. " Lord Wilcox will wonder what has become of yoa." "I will stay with yoa, Arthur, if you wish," said Victorine. "I do not care to go, the least bit in the world. Shall I get rid of Lord Wiloox, and oome and reason with you P" " No, no! I am not quite so selfish," said Arthur, recovering, and highly gratified by the expression, " get rid of Lord Wilcox." " Go," he added, " and have a pleasant morning. I shall be all right when you oome baok." It was strange how that mention of hit picture had snapped asunder the thread of Arthur's intended conversation with Mrs. Ferrars. How his thoughts had turned into their old channel; and, while his better judg ment stood up manfully for Victorine, his affec tions were all arrayed on the side of Constance. It was uncertain, even now, where this stats of things would end. " I think yon are getting a great deal stronger, Arthur," said Mrs. Ferrars to him as they drove along. " Thanks to yourself and Vietorine," repnod Arthur, cordially. " I am sure we are only too glad to do what we can, seeing your father was one of my oldest friends," continued Mrs. Ferrars; M bat there is one thing I wish to name to you. Yoa will not feel annoyed, will you P" "Oh, dear, no," said Arthur. "Nothing that you can say to me would be likely to annoy me." " Well, then," continued Mrs. Ferrers, "yen must attribute my over-anxiety, for such it may be, to its right source—affection for my dearest Viotorine. There are few daughters like Vieto rine,'Arthur, though I say it," she added, with a sigh. " I can fully corroborate that statement," said Arthur. "Viotorine is the most excellent woman that ever lived, though I say it," he added, laughing. Her happiness is an object of the very first moment," resumed Mrs. Ferrars. " I shall ever consider it as such," rsturned Arthur, with great feeling. " A mother's position is a very responsible one," continued Mrs. Ferrars, beating about the bush, " and I should for ever reproach myself if I allowed my dear Victorine to take any step that was not sanctioned by the soundest judg ment. There is no one in the world, Arthur, upon whom I would bestow my daughter with more pleasure than upon yourself. I ought to say, will not, for the matter has gons too far to be retraeted." " A great deal too far," interrupted Arthur, hastily. " I beg pardon, but I scarcely under stand what you mean. Is not Viotorine'e hap piness perfectly secure with me ?" " Perfectly so," she replied j " tbat is, as far as your good intentions are concerned, but—" and she stopped, as if considering how to pro ceed. " But what?" cried Arthur, half impatiently. " I am placed in a delicate position," she re plied, "between the dread of offending you, and my anxiety for Viotorine; yet my fselings require some consideration." " They shall have every oonsidsration from me," cried Arthur, warmly; " pray speak out without any reserve. I see yoa have some hidden anxiety; allow me to share it with you." "Yoa are very Und, Arthur," said Mrs. Ferrars. I confess I have an anxiety." "On what account P" said Arthnr. " Pray let me hear it." " On acoount of your state of mind, Arthur. I do not like to name tbe subject; but them strange—strange—l hardly know what to eall them." "Apparitions," said Arthur, gloomily. " Well, yes," said Mrs. Ferrars; " they are so oat of the way. Of oourse they are mere delusions, bat I never heard of any one simi larly affected, and I am not at all sure of the affect they may ultimately produee." " They will not produce any affect," replied Arthur. "They will die out. Viotorine wil charm them away." " Poor Victorine!" sighed Mrs. Ferrars. " Yoa think it a hard and thankless ofnesP*' said Arthur, turning abruptly round, and speak ing quickly and impetuously. " I should be more satisfied if, before things were finally settled, you would oonsult some eminent physician—Dr. Bowdler for instance— and let me know his report on the matter," said Mrs. Ferrars. " There is not the slightest necessity; he could do me no good—no good, whatever," said Arthur, sighing. " But it would be satisfaction to me—and to poor Vietorine." " Poor Viotorine!" Again it grated on his ear. "Vietorine need be under no anxisty,** said he, hastily; "the phantom will retire be fore her. I may never see it again—l never expect to see it again," he repeated, emphatically. Did he never expeet to see it again? The thought was exquisitely painful, and brought with it a feeling of strange desolation. But, even while he spoke, the phantom was at hand. His voioe seemed to call it into existence, as if to contradict his statement. A face looks at him from the carriage yonder. He catches but a glimpse, and it is gone. But the golden hair, the ejes, the features, they are hers. "Oh, Constance! Oonstanoe!" and the paroxysm seizes him, and he dashes after her wildly and furiously. She is there, and he may overtake her. He may lay hold apon her, and assure himself that the warm blood rashes through her veins—and know if it be life or death, a living woman or a mooking phantom. He walls "Oonstanoe! Constance!" and urges on the horses till they fly as on the wings of the wind. He sees nothing but those golden tresses, and fears nothing but that she may be gone, and bears nothing but the pulses of his own heart beating violently to the name of Constance! Constance! Constance! He shall overtake her t he sees her in the distance—or thinks he does ■ and the confused noise that grows round him lisof no moment. Ont of his way! Stand back—stand baok! He is a madman. Will no one seize the reins P The lady by his side baa fainted—her white face looks like death. Baft death himself is in the race. On—on—and then oomes a cry of terror, and the raee fa ended, and the horses, oovered with dust and foam, are struggling on the ground—and the erowd doses about them—and Arthur feels he has been mad, and looks wildly round for Oon stanoe. Ah, there is no Constance! It has been a delusion-as it always was—and he is mad, mad, mad! Why cannot the dead be at pesos P Will she haunt him to his very grave?" [to sot OOIRXaCBB. 