FJflSES BtTBXB. GREAT LECTURE OX THE CATHO- ( MC CHCBCH IN AMERICA. {Cork Examiner.) [ooscxcded.] The third reason to which I attribute this extraordinary spread of Catholicity in Am 0 "'" 1 is a certain attribnte of the native American mind, of which I am vety anxious to speak, for I feel very intensely about it. Strictly speaking, we most draw a broad line between the British Colonial America, which ceased at the time of the Revolution, and the new and glorious States whieh sprang into existence from that period. The British Colonies, as they were called, were legislated for by the home country : they got their laws from London : and these laws were impregnated with the spirit of religions bigotry and intolerance, those statute books were stained with Catholic Wood. The moment that America dashed to the gTonnd that unworthy banner, and raised up the banner of her own freedom, she had the generosity to blot oat all recollections of the past by splendid legislation. and declared the great principle of Religions Liberty (cheers). The consequence was that the American of to-day. that highly intellectual, that grandly gifted American mind of to- day i-s not a bit like the more ancient opinions and traditions of persecution. They are free from them- As more than once gentlemen in America boasted to me—" Father, yon most acknowledge onr hands are free from blood." The consequences of this is a certain largeness of mind, a freedom from prejudice, a certain willingness to consider fairly the great troths of Revelation, a certain logical acumen which keenly and logically perceives the truth. Nothing struck me mote thai this—the dear, unprejudiced habit of mind I discovered amongst Americans. I will give yon a case in point. I was called, daring my stay in America, to visit a gentleman who was sick. He was a lawyer of eminence in the Southern States—all the best families are in the •Southern States—and a man very highly connected. He was a man too who had travelled in Europe and had read a great deal. I went to him and found him with all his senses, perfectly clear, and 1 spoke to him on religions troths. The man looked at me. After a time I felt the moment was come, I concluded my arguments, I rose from the place where I was sitting at the bed side, and said, "My friend, you are dying. It is necessary in order to please God to have some specific form of religious belief. You have heard my arguments. I command you now, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, to ask to be received into the Catholic Church, and to consent to receive the Sacrament at my hands." The moment I put it to him the man complied, and before I left the room he was a Catholic (loud applause). And now, my friends, such is the pre- i sent of America—a glorious Church, united like one man. The Episcopacy, the priesthood, and the Catholic laity in America are the most united of any branch of the Holy Catholic Church, for they leave less dissension, or appearance of diversity of opinion amongst them. Obedience to the Holy Church of God, love for the Church's head and centre, the Pope of Rome; rational, yet most loving obedience to every mandate of the Head of the Church, and docile submission to every enunciation of the Church —their mother—these are received and acted upon as matters of course in America. It is the most glorious in its unity of all the nations that have embraced the truth and the Cross of Jesus Christ (cheers). A glorious Church, numbering to-day fully one-fourth of the population of the United States; destined to grow with that mighty growing' country ; destined to leaven that country with truth ; for all the converts to Catholicity I have ever met—and I have encountered many of different nationalities—the most intel-. lectual, the most fervent, the most simpleminded and religious are the converts made to Catholicity from the worst forms of New England Puritanism (applause). They brought all the energy of their Pilgrim forefathers with them into the Church of God ; they brought their dogged Anglo-Saxon determination that, having seen the truth, they shall stand by it to the end, and they will fight for it, and if necessary, die for it (cheers). These converts are multiplying every year. The shrewd, keen intelligence of America has an insight into the truth far keener than those nations whose yonth and childhood have been nurtured upon the traditions of bigotry and intolerance. Those converts are multiplying. Protestantism is rapidly disappearing oat of the haunts of Puritanism. In Massachusetts itself Catholicity has made such advances; that one B^tesflaan yof America said a few years agorr-' '{^n t wenty-fi ve years I believe the great glasses/of our population wiilbe Soman Qatholica to a man" (cheers); I believe it for two reasons. One is a supernatural, the other a natural reason. I believe it for a sapenuted reason, j i^temi is the Every Catholic believes it - every j Catholic must believe it If I did not believe that the Caflwhe Chnrch was the j one necessity of the world—if I did not j believe that her mission was to save the world, to save society, the human as well i as divine society of her own children, I j would not remain a Catholic (cheers), The A mpiiran mind—coming to the natural argument—is beginning to recognise the fact. They see clearly and distinctlr that it is necessary for the salvation of American society that ihe sanctity of the Christian family should be i preserved. They see it is necessary the Christian wife should be the queen of her ; Christian household, that there should be no power on earth or in hell able to sever the sacred bond that God himself seals, the sacramental bond of matrimonv. They see thai the purity and integrity of the children depends upon the fidelity of the husband and wife ; Mid , therefore they begin to see everyday, more' and more clearly, that that re- , iigion alone can save them which sancta- i ties their union, which stamps upon the man ; and woman the sacramental seal which j represents the fidelity of Jesus Christ to His Church (I°ud applause). Before leaving America one of the things I re- ! ceived was a book from a distinguished : Protestant clergyman. It was a book , written against the principle of divorce, ; and it was written in as sound a spirit as if a Catholic priest wrote it, and with as ! firm and impressive, and as eager an eio- : quence, as if the beat Irishman that ever , put pen to paper was the author of it (Hear, hear.) In that book he lays down as a principle, that until the law of divorce is utterly ignored and abolished, there can be no safety for society in America. The .keen American people, who love their family ties, and no people love them more dearly—that excellent ; people, leavened with much that is excellent in the various nations that supply the elements of its population—the American i people, who love strongly and tenderly, i are beginning to see. more and more, that between the lawlessness of the border nations and the rites and intelligence of Mahomedanism—that between the strange practices of this sect and that, all flowing in upon, and intended ultimately to de- j stroy them, there is only one great bul- j wark to defend them—only one capable of standing between them and all that abomination—only one power that can exorcise that demon that would destroy society, and that one power is the Holy Roman Catholic Church. (Great applause.) Though America to-day groans and laments by the voices of her statesmen, her j philosophers, *her writers, and her Press, over the awful corruption of official life, ' the awful corruption of commercial life, 1 and the dishonesty which they publiclypro- j claim is found in every order of commercial, ; social, and political life, nothing impressed :ue more than this—the universal lament, c ay after day, in all the papers in America. '' hus we read that a man absconded having made his " pile"—for they have special names to designate those operations. Another man absconded having executed a tremendous "job," and taken a couple of million of dollars from the public. Now a man is brought to bay until he is made to disgorge sums of almost fabulous extent, eight, ten, or twelve millions of dollars ; and now some great company is "burst up," to use another American phrase, through the dishonesty and fraudulent conduct of two or three of its head men ; and so on. Men see all these facts. Over and over again I have preached and lectured and spoken to American audiences on this great truth. "Gentlemen," I have said, "there is only one religion that can save you ; that is the religion that begins by making men honest, through sacramental grace ; and if they are not honest, it is the only one that knows how to punish the thief by malting ] him make restitution. (Cheers.) Pre- j vent a man from irom stealing if n you^n; can ; bat nut |• if you cannot, the worst infliction you can impose upon him is to take him by the throat and say, ' Make restitution of all you have, or down to hell you go.' (Great applause.) The Catholic Church alone can say this." Here it .is that the tme^e^ 2 oH^ericT s^Tthe immense advantage Catholicity offers over those other shams. For it is only a sham and a humbug, the religion that is for ever crying, "Lord, Lord!"—that invokes the Holy Name with blasphemous familiarity, is constantly spouting texts from the Old Testament, and is always parading before you the sayings of tins prophet, or of that law-giver; that is ever flattering men, and laying the flattering unction to their souls that they have found the true way to happiness when they learn to believe and "lean upon the jjorcL" (Cheers and laughter.) Well, my frietid the commissioner, or my friend the road contractor, " may lean upon the lord,'' hut you may be sure he will bring an addition to his own weight m the shape ^ a bag containing a couple of million dol-! lars. (Great laughter.) My fritab, ^ W S S f f i if £"SLfPiS^T^L!5T man Hfe I shall five to W W <SMe Amenta-* tofion dtfhed m dl Jte grandeur and aadpmde oftfce Holy Ghturfcof God (lemd cheers). It w said that when -the Son of God was on the cross ffia dying face was torned towards the West. I know not if the circumstance beBO ; "but it seems as if it were. Th tide of Sanctity and Divine Faith receded many ages ago from the very lulls that witnessed His Crucifixion. The approaching tide of barbarism, Mahomedawamand Infidelity swept in, and every vestige of the Church of God was obliterated there. We have seen that tide sweeping on from Jerusalem to Ephesus, from Ephesns to Constantinople, proceeding westward still, westward still; finding its strength in Rome, and from Rome the tide of sanctity retained by her, still swept westwardwestward stilL until in the far distant Western Isle, the Island of Saints, of Monks, and of Apostles, the glory of Christendom, the grandeur of Catholic sanctity burst out even upon Christian nations as a still brighter light and all the world praised God in Ireland (great ap plause). The surging waves of infidelity are to-day lashing with angry roar the very foundations of the Seven Hills of Rome ; but westward still flows the tide of sanctity, growing and increasing in the light of Divine Faith; and to-day the whole world gazes upon the portent of American Catholicity, and glorifies God, through the means of Faith, for that which no human reason can account for or understand (immense applause). I met old priests in America—old men who in their first days of missionary priesthood were obliged to lie down in the snow, and were forced to camp out in the winter, on their way of a hundred or two hundred miles from one station to another to say Mass. There may be American priests here, some who like mrself have heard such words as these made use of by Father Abraham, the grand old Kentucky Patriarch. "Father," he said, " I am utterly astonished ; I am amazed ; I can find no reason on earth for it: I must cast my eyes to Heaven." Surely, if there be such things as these— if the spirit of light and grace be there, and if its nature and tendency be to grow and increase—may I not promise myself to behold, ere my eyes are closed in death, this glorious sight and magnificent of the Catholic Church in America? (Loud cheers.) Oh, in that day, when the great flag of freedom, —the flag unstained by blood shed in per secution or injustice—the flag first upreared by Irish hands in the days of the first Revolution, and borne proudly by the same brave hands over a hundred battle fields from end to end of the land —when that flag shall wave over a people united in their faith, and consequently in every minor relation of life, sanctified by Catholic Sacraments, purified by Catholic agency, strengthened by Catholic unity, emboldened by Catholic hope, as well as enlightened by Catholic faith ; and all this comes to crown the acute intellect, the strong determination, the firm purpose of the natural American man— where, where, since the world was created or redeemed, where was there such a sight seen as Columbia will present to the nations ' (Immense applause.) I say for myself, and for the men of my blood and of my native land, it is the highest wish and desire of millions of our countrymen in America, who pray day by day at the thousand altars of the land, that in return for all that Columbia gave .them, God.would give her the grand crown of Catholic faith, Catholic hope, and Catholic charity ; till in the strength of Divine Grace she shall be the light and the glory of the whole world. As the reverend gentleman concluded his magnificent oration, the audience rose with one accord, and cheered again ^ ; while jJ^Ab were dapped and hate - were waved, - making up scene of pnthugiajltic enthusiastic nntnrv rapture Wh such as L lias been rarely witnessed amongst us. IIISBISG NEWSPAPEBB. — Nearly all the 'l^lJ^T^^tTT subscribers ~ who are crying ont against the systematic misappropriation of their papers, and of course tbey hold the postmasters responsible. The following letter from a Mr. T. A. Johnston, Hartfell, to the Maitland Mercury, is a sample of what many others hare to complain,of;—"Tour issue of the 5 th November I have not yet received, and I suppose as I did not report to yon at .the time, certain parties think it safe to make a. regular practice of keeping papers of mine/ asyoni issues of/the 18th and 25th have, && come to hand. As aregular thing, about six papers a year do not reach me." [Someof onr' SDbscriberB are occasionally insane venienced by the pilfering practice.of which) onr contemporaries complain. PersonsBO disappointed, as .a Mile, lay the blame on the publishing department With more justice we lay the blame on the post-offiee, but ean obtain no satisfaction. Ed. A.~} 