IS HE THE 1I&HT; ' ?-'??iusr.-. . ?..; BY THE AUTHOB OF ' BEWITCHED,' . , ' ',' aEISEN,' &C;, &C.; ' .. , (From the Penny . Miscellany.) ' Chapter LXIV ' ? OTJTHBEUT HAWK MAKES A HIT. ? '? ? When the jailor entered the coll of the ,man imprisoned for bushranging, thesecond morning after his incarceration' { he found the bird flown. \- The fragments of the stone jug, two bars of the window lying broken on the ? , EiOUIlUi «lltl U UUl U»Vll »/i VUC uuu viuuuiug W\ twisted into a soft rope,, were the evi 1/ dences of his flight, and the jailor, hav l| ing a grateful rememberence of his late K prisoner — he could feel the sovereign in I his waistcoat pocket, as he stood staring II at the empty cell — determined to give |V the escaped* a fair chance, so queitly li closed the floor again, arid not until an I hour, afterwards re-entered and gave the |[ alarm. . ? ; I 1 Three or four hours, is a.gcod winning I. start to a ; fugitive in Australia. I The escaped prisoner had a clear six, |i i and made such good use of them, that l| ' the rather lukewarm chase and search fr were fruitless. He had r- ached the thick [v woods and got clean off, the officers said, I i and they' being the best of judges of If s'uch a case, there was an end of it. m /Now it bappenevl, strangely enough, j I that ;the night on which the prisoner h ad I escaped Gordon's Theatre Royal had ?? I halted at' a pretty little village about, 1 ten miles from ' Melbourne, and intended I playing there one night, before, proceed-/ I ibg'to the great town. I t Eyer, since he had stood, at the side I scenes and watched the players and their I audience, Cnthbert Hawk had been filled I -with an unquiet ambition to become an I actor, and each day since then had given I .all1 tbis thoughts to that end.1 Ho stu I died each attitude of each play er ; read the company's stock of drariia^throngh more , than once carefully, and tad even com-' mitted. one or., two. characters to heart. ? ' I \ detail the while 'he; laughed in' his. I *horr, quiet way at any proposal from I '?' Mark or the others, thathe should act, I and still stuck to such employment as I foe 'had laboured at hitherto. On the I night in^iestiori/ Mark, while dressing, p had suddenly, swerved from the, glass, and /alien in » sort of fit, and there was no one^so Gordon, with bewildered face imagined — to take his place. : Th^ ' Corsican Brothers' was the piepejannounced, and already a tolerable crowd%as collected outside the gailyr painted dpore. . ,? ? '.,.- - '? . :,Todad froran Gordon, like a man possessed :; great as; his. regard for, I Mask ideally was, he valued the reputation I of his /theatre' far higher,' and wailing I that tjntil now.he. had nevet hrok«n any I engagement, or promise made to the m, publie, he was half-inclined to pnhch' mi Mark's head, even while he, bathed it. ? [': .'.The nest of ithe east were dressed, and I 1 ready to' %o on, and Gordon, :who . had I } waited till almost the last moment, in' the' 1 1 .slight' ? hope that Markka indisposition I was temporary, and would pass away in ;a I few minutes, with a lamentable voice de- ' I clared^that he must go in and explain; I the state of affaire. . .??.-; ,;, I ? At that moment .Outhbert, who had I j'ust heard of the misfortune, while up L in' 'the flip's', suddenly entered the green-. I iieom, and pushing the excited group on I one side, while bending over M- rfc, I iloofced up quietly, aad-aaid-r-' : / j... 1 '.««' Efe is very ill ; what do you propse b .doing!?' I ''j^eing ? What thedev.ilam I to do ? ' I ; eried Mr Gordon. ' There's no one can I take his part ; I must go and. explain. I I reckon they'll, pull me to pieces-r- perhaps I burn the theatre down. God Mess you [ you don't fcabw these people. Yes, I I must go .on, I suppose. There's no I thing else to fee done ; nob a soul in the I company knows his part:' I .'«? I do,' said Outhbert, as quietly as before, lifting Mwk as he spoke, and I pourings some brandy on his lips. I 1 '« Fo« c?o /' fixidaimed Gordon, the astonishment on bis face giving way to I a gleam of hope, as be added : slowly, I ' ' arid— ^ahd — do you—t&ink; you could . play.it?' ' '. ..;.. ; ; : ; '? '.'. .'- . . I « I ceald try,' was the simple an nwer. ' .«? By Jove, I think he could,'* whis . pered Montmdrency ; and Mark, vrha was just conscious enough to understand everything going on, with, paid epw* menced nnbuttoniiyj bis costume. V '. '_' lit if ' It's a double character,'' mused Mr Gordon, a world of doubt upon his face, and very difficult ; and, although I re spect yon, sir, exc ?pdingly, I must say, I don't'believe in a roan or a woman ' either marching on to theiBtage, for the first time in his or her life, and making a success of it.'1 '??-?? '?'? ?-:??? ' Nor I,' said Cnthbert, in the same calm, indifferent tone., 'I have not been on the stage before but I have acted the part, and a great many others in the darkness of the night ; and my anxiety to, be of some service to you or Mark will carry me through ; besides—' Here lie paused ; and continued, with a contraction of the forehead, and a; slight flush— , : . . '.... ,'..;'. ' I used to be able to sing a little in the old days, perhaps I might be able to help the affair through with . some scrap of an old' song.' i ? - I 'You don't .mean to say, you can sing— — r-' ''., t\ . (i: ', . . 'I B&id;'I could.'' : ,'' ;' . 'If you can— all's welli' ,: '?','...,. ' Mark, poor old boyi you jget to bed?) and make your mind easy. Here, Mr Hawk, I'll give you a hand' with these things myself,' catching eagerly at the costume, and dragging Cuthbert into a : dressing-room. . ' 'Hear— good heaven, how they yell ! It's five minutes beyond time ; why the devil don't they commence the overture ? : This is the side you go on. What, you know, do you ? How Ihe devil do you know ? Chateau Reynard comes on here, and yon walk across, so — you i know that too !— damn it, I'll shut tip, ' sir1; you're a stunner. Where the devil did you pick up all the stage business?'' ' Got it by heart from the directions, and by watching your admirable com pany,*' retorted Gnthbert, with . his rare short smile. ' Do not be alarmed, something tells me I shall pull through it-'' ?' ??'?-??.- ' ':;'.': . ' ?. .. '',' , , . 'I'm licked, coni--plote— -ly licked !' exclaimed the. manager, too. asloushed to be : delighted! ..'. ,'.,Thcrc, on you-go; there's the call for yon. Good heavens, he; walks on as if he'd been born on the i ''For 'one' moment tu'e'!s-tbrm''bf a'p-; ; platisei the flash 'of the footlights, arid more, than all the slope of the stage— that 'fearful slant, which i throws so many unfortunate amateurs off their playing legs — confused him ; then nerv-' : ing himself with an almost supernatural jeffort, he found his voice ; andr cbm menced his part. ., '.',.' ; , At first lip must have said it like a poll-parrot, for^ there was, an ominous i. silence: amongst the audience, and .the anxious manager at the side scenes wiped the huge beads of perspiration from his jforehead ?' but, as. the scene proceeded, the volunteer, warnhed to'his work, felt that he was himseif 'the, injured man the. first Corsican Brother is, and in.. the duel scene- so forgot himself, and: became the character he assumed, that: a yell of delight liroke from every throat after the breathless silence that brooded, ' while the, swords glittered in ;their pass lirigsV'and; the murdered man falls. ? . ? Twice he was called before, the . cur- ; tain : they would have called him a third time, but he refused to go. , , ': He felt choking. His delight at discovering his hew talent— for rid ihoclc modesty ' could ' deny it him— over- whelmed him. He hurried from .'the eager crowd behind the curtain, and' groping amongst the outer buildings of. thie theatre* staggered into the' quiet ; night to' cool his hot temples, and collect hii'gallopirigi red-hot thoughts. ? ; '?-'? ?'?'?' At that moment, as he stood leaning against a pole-^-dressed iri: his white ; shirt, with its hole at the breast, and streaks of Vermilion to represent blood, over \i — one hand pressed to his1 head, and the other clenched at his heart^-a , dark 'figure crawled along the ground L near him, with its head turned over its . shoulder, away from Cuthbert, whom it could not see. . : ?The ^figure was1 dressed 'in prison uniform, soiled and torn, but held in its disengaged hand — while it pulled itself along ? the: ground , with the other— a heap ofclothes it Had just stolen from one of the empty huts, belonging to some of 'the diggers then collected in tko theatre.'.'' ..;?-, ? .?.-.;?:??? :': ?? ?. ?:' ??:.?'?' Sjbill, with its white, dirt-stained face, and black, savage eyes, turned behind it, it crawled, along until it mi' within a dozen' yards of the tall figure .of ..the .' actor.;; ? ?: .?? ?.' -:[:???? . ??: ??-,;.? ? ? ?...; , .?.,.-?. Suddenly , a movement on the part of Cuthbert startfed it, and looking upi the . crawlfog figure Baw a vision— so; .iT' seemed to him— of the man he had slain. Yes, there it wasj risen from the dead, to haunt and confront him. The same white-looking face, the same attitude with the hands, as he clutched them that night— and oh, God! There was a holeih-its \ breast, with the red blood pouring, as it had poured the night he stuck the dagger there ! With starting eyes, and livid lips, the crawl ing figure, too terrified to ntter a sound with its petrified tongue, rolled over as if it had been, shot ; and the vision having heard nothing bat the cry of the call boy, mode his way through the darkness be hind the scenes again. By the ? time the swooned figure had regained^ its senses, and had crawled away shudderingly from the spot where he deemed he had seen the ghost of the man he had left for dead on the thres hold of the hut — the living ghost had played the last scene of the '_' Corsican Brothers,' and was.bowing with beating heart, in acknowledgement of the wild storm of applause which the rough audi ence were pouring out. . : ,|; The scene behind the curtain can be better imagined than discribed, ? . Gordon's delight at Cnthbert's success was greatly mixed with wonder, for he was too well versed in; theatrical facts to take such a 'first time' success as an ordinary 'affair,' and persisted in de claring that Cuthbert bad played before. As the audience still roared, stamped, bellowed,! and yelled for him, Gordon beseeched him to fulfil his promise, and sing something. 'If you do that one half—one tenth as' well as you play, by God sir, I don't know what I shall make of you !.''? Ciithbertj although weary, went on after some little time and,' obtaining silence, commenced' that' old ballad, which one has only, to hear1 to love— 'Poor Tom Bowline.''' . '.'?' ; ' . The wild, rough diggers, most of them Englishmen exiled from their dear little island, listened,, spell-bound and breath less, to the; grand ring. of his voice, and when he had finished -the ? last verse broke out,. as. oiiei man, with the chorus, [ singing it-with -tears in 'their eyes and ti'I^mveriirthW voices: then ..rushed 'at him, and catching him in a.^hnndred grasps, raised him amongst them, and bore him in a wild, triumphant march ; round the theatre. .' ?. . So' endedi a night which, in the height of - its unreality, seemed to all— and most of all to the principal .one con cerned in- it— -rather 'as; the time con» sumed ,by a dream than an aotnal circle ; of occurrences. i '/et Roderick' .Edgecbmbe 'knew, .in the wild thrill that ran thrpugh.hitn at the thought— 'I have arisen at ; last ; I have done something worthy to. be re membered ; I have given something of pleasure, to toy fellow men; therefore, ; as Cuthbert Hawk, penniless and un known, have made some recompense for ; the wasted days of Roderick Edgeeombe1' ! — that things were no vision', and with the thought, cried through bis heart an intense longing that the woman' he loved ; might ^ee him now, resting on the broad ! shoulders pf men who were ..hoarse with shouting his praises. ;-.!,;? ,,,-,,?: -:;v( .;; ; ;.--: :-: -;-.- . -/q'Hii^MiEiKVf--; ??'.'?; ?/.?;?? I '?' ?''??:.'' ??:i.:'':A) SURPRISE. ;';' i'-'-':^ }????'?'? \ ?'? ;-|^T.was iiotlbymraths we reckoned, butby ! ''' '' tears,'' ' ? ?-'.';'.??, ''...'.'.-..,!. -?? '? ; Those.five.long mis'qrable years,' :. | Five years had passed since the 'day I of Rbderick'Edgecbmbe's departure from England ;' nearly twelve months since the news of his death had reached Ida Valor's, ears, and the day of her mar riage with the present master of Edge combe drew near. The ceremony would have been performed many months ago it the anxious lover could have had his way ; but the .cold, passionless b'ride elecfc had icilyV resolved to wait twelve months. before sealing her fate, and no persuasion either from hermother, father, and least of all from her betrothed, shook that resolve; in the slightest. ; ? So the weary month's rolled on, all ' rob slowly for . .the anxious, pale-faced Sir Arthur, who had all the appearance of an old man, so haggard and worn bad he become; all too quickly for the poor girl whose heart was dead, and buried with her lost love. : , . At the Vale all tilings were in pretty much the same state as in the past. Sir Robert, much to his surprise, had re ceived no calls from the Great Wheal Bang, 'tod' rafter ; waiting' some weeks, received a visit from his solicitor, , J Wfiflt passed at 'the .'mjeetiiig . none i knew. A cheque was drawn for twenty thousand pounds by Sir Robert, who had expected to lose his all, instead of that comparatively . small sum ; and beyond that, so guarded was the com munication of his solicitor, the rescued baronet understood little. Sir Arthur Thussington's surprise at the sudden turn of things was great ; but still, though he cursed his folly in neglecting ttie single item which over threw his plans, he congratulated him self upon his luck, and hugged himself with the thought that he had gained the woman he loved, and — fiend that he, was — had been the cause of Sir Robert's losing a largo sum of money. The ship in which he had embarked the cargo purchased for the baronet, ke had »ct yet heard of ; and in the hurry and pressure of events, he put off mak ing inquiries respecting it, having no suspicion of Bertie Lennox's gracious interference. Of the other characters in our life- drama, a few words will be necessary. , Lady Mary still lingered, living, it is true, but so near the borders of the other land, that but a, step was required to transplant her there. She had left Edgecombe : it was too full of the old memories of her loved dead to be aught but a, painful locality, so they had taken tnr to a little cottage many miles away — not so far, however, but that Ida could come arid sit sadly, ofttimes silently beside her. They seldom spoke of the old days, never of the present— Ida avoiding the -subject of her approaching marriage with a shudder of repugnance. To Captain Derry fortune had been so far kind afl to pack him off to India, from whence he wrote home glowing accounts of tigey sport, crocodile snaring, and brandy pawnee sittings. In his last letter to Bertie — whom he missed sadly — -be implored him to exchange into a regiment then coming out, and taste for himself the, joys of Eastern life. But Bertie, though casting longing thoughts for his distant friend, declines sorrowfully, urging for excuse that the , extreme-heat ' would unfit hint for _anyr thing but sofa , exercise, and that he should most infallibly be found asleep, mnd eaten by the very tigers he was supposed to, hunt. Besides which cogent reason for the refusal, Captain Lennox has another, which he will scarcely own. The regiment is ex pected to be ordered to Ireland again shortly. . And— -and— Grace WilRon, so he thinks, somebody mentioned — was still at Wayham. Lewis was dangling his heels at one of the country military depots, teaching, not unprofitably, the yokels to play billiards, and flirting with the rosy-cheeked lasses. His cordial hatred of Sir Arthur . Thussingtori was still as green as when they had snarled at each other at the Vale, and he longed for the chance to work that gentleman some ill. Little dreamed he how near that chance was ! ? . . And now the marriage- day was swiftly approaching. ; -,The - happy man was rushing to and from the great city in bljss ful confusion and haste ; for, although he had been preparing for this grand crowning of his manifold plots for some months, at these last - days there was much to do— jewellery to buy, lawyers to. see, upholsterers to consult, and brie thousand and one various matters neces sary to the occasion. One evening, as his brougham drew up at a lawyer's office, and he stepped softly out on to the wet pavement — it was raining — ra tall man, carefully wrapped up in a thick pea-jacket, the collar of which nearly concealed his face, and wearing a loose, rough-looking wide-awake, stopped a moment to look' at him, and when' ' he had entered the office doors, walked up to the footman, and said — -.?,'.; 'What is the name of that ? gentle man ?''' ' ' ?????'???; ?? ;? ?; '??:'1-'; ? ' Which ?'.' replied the . lackey, .with concise incivility. . ;- ' Your master,'' replied the stranger, sternly, 'who just alighted from, this brougham.' ?-.-?. ?'?; ,-.???. .,. . ' Oh, if you mean him !' replied the footman, 'he's Sir Arthur Thussingtbh.. Is there any other question, my good man, because—' but his questioner' seemed not to hear him, for he was staring oddly, atthe pavement, as if he had been, struck; but after a minute seemed to recover himself, and muttering ' Good night,', hurried on. Two streets away he stopped, and looking up nand down in the rain at the va' ions doom, entered one which bore a brass plate| |erigriv*411' Isaac Bfosia.'' . A little^es- .' tibule interposed -between the outer doo and Mr Isaac Moses's office, and in this the stranger waited a' moment to . pull ' down the collar of his coat, and shake back his black hair ; then, softly opening the door, he entered, and' stood before the bent figure of the Jew, who had sup plied the officers of Wayham with that which is the root of all evil, and the key to all pleasure. The Jew, who was writing, looked up under his bent eye brows, and staring at the visitor, uttered an exclamation. ' Holy Moses ! Ish it — can it be ! Mishter Eshcomb !' , ; *l Ah, Isaac,' replied the visitor, with a smiling nod, 'you remember ihe, eh!' ' Remember you, Mishter EshcombT Patter Abraham, of corsh ! , Oh, Miriam, and all ihe arch-angels ! Vy, you wash drowned !' '??????.?. 'Very nearly, though not quite,' .re torted the visitor. ' No wonder you.are startled : it is sudden, isn't it ?''..'' ' It— ish,-— ' slowly replied . the , old man, walking round the desk as he spoke, with his . eyes fixed scru tinizingly upon the speaker's face. . , 'It ish, Mishter Eshcomb, very sudden I Mi, vat vill Shir Arthur Thusshiiigtbn shay ? . Vat . vill he do ? Vy, Mishter Eshcomb, he ish to be marryshed to Mish Valor in a veeks time !' . A. gleam of satisfaction swept over the listener's face, and at it .the keen eyes of the Jew gleamed. It had , chariged the expression of his face completely. ?', With a cunning leer he almost sprang at the stalwart figure, and, clutching his arm, hissed — ' Have you been, home long, Mishter Eshcomb — pardon me, I should shay Shir Roderick Eshcomb — have yofl sheen any von— have you been re cognised— ^do they acknowlesh— ' At the rapid outpour of words, and ths clutch of the trembling, claw-like hand,, the visilor's face, assumed a look of intelligence. With a frown, that was half a smile, he knocked the hand off, arid: facing the light, with his eyes fixed satanically upon .the eager ones of the Jew's, he replied slowly, and with a metallic emphasis— ''. ' I have just returned.' For the present- — I wish to remain unannounced. A fancy, you see, quite oriental! and in your style — to visit one's friends, and 'hear how they speak of you behind one's back. Recognizeed— no, not yet— except by you. I'll tell you how you'll recognize me, if you're not . certain yet, by this : — that I mve you a large sum of money, which I borrowed of you at Wayham in 18- — . If you remember, you followed me while I was dining out, and pestered me to pay it, . threatening to write to my. poor father. Ahj you recognize me, do you ?' for the Jew had staggered, and was clinging, to the railings of the desk. , , ' , ' But the receipt ! the receipt V' he murmured, . hoarsely. ' I gave Shir Harrish. the receipt !'? : ' , ' You must, get it !' hissed the other, his eyes gleaming like burning coals. The Jew thought a moment, with his hands upon his eyes ; wh'eriTie withdrew them his face . had changed : ''liis . voice also. . , ?,'.','.. . , , ' ' Shir Roderick Eshcomb, . the surprish. hash nearly killed me ! Vill you honor .bur poor plaish by. shtepping in ? ' Oh, Moshes, vat vill Shir— I should shay, Mishter Arthur Thussing ton shay ! Thish vay shir. Thishvay. ?And 'with an obsequious bow he motioned towards a little passage leading' to the living-rooms^ arid with great humility followed the visitor through. ...... ? It was dusk of early evening when the rough-looking figure had entered the little office, it was the gray dawn of ano ther day beforeheleftit, and when hedid a smile of assured triumph and security was upon his lips. ' It was the day before the wedding.; Ida Valo'r, pale and statuolike in her icy indifferenca, stood at her favourite post, beside the, drawing-room - window, looking out at the soft spring nighti ? Sir Robert,- seated in his arm-chair, was looking over a number of legal drafts, haying refrence to the tnarriage settlement. '' ' ' ' \' Lady Edith, all smiles and satisfaction was standing beside the tablegazing with serene delight upon a mass of costly jewelery which Sir Arthur Thussirigton was showing her. . . ,/ ; '? Beautiful^ indeed, my dear. Arthur, too beautiful. .', Ida, my love, pray comm aai.sepj'th'eser'; ?'';??;'.;.-,, ?.,.','?.','.? '.S' -'-W ? Ida, with a starji, left the window, and. approached the table.' Sir Arthur !jphu.ssin,gton lopked up ?with anxious eagerness, fqr her approval of the pile of glitjipring baubles, , He seemod to hang upon her every word, and garnoi' up every smile as a miser hoards his gold. ' They are very beautiful,' she said. Are they for me ?' , ' If you will design to wea.r Miami!1 he said, tenderly, going round to where she stood, and putting iiis arm round - her waist. $ho Bhudclorod imperceptibly, for she had not yet overcome her unnatural, as plie termed it, repugnance to his caresses .faux murmured— ' Tb,ey arc too good for me — rfur top grand. You are very kjnd tome,' It was faint praise, he could not bu.t feel, and he turned aside with a half-sigh. ?' Ijnust go on to the Hall,1' he said, turning to Sir Robert, ' Warren, the new major-domo, wants to see me, about something ' I»ear me how that dreadful map does worry you ! ' exclaimed Lady Edith, sympathetically. .''You will return to supper:?'' ' Yes, if possible,'' he replied, and ?with asmjlo all round, lip left the room. Just, nR ha wns ahnnh in pnf.fir tlin avennp a man passed him hurriedly, and hearing him inquire of the footman for ' Mr Arthur Thussington,' he .turned arid walked back. ' This gentleman is Sir Artb,ut T]ius sington, my gopdrnan/'Bajdthefopfcman, with a severe emphasis upon the, '? pit,' . ' Are you Mr Thussington ?' agked the man, eyeing Arthur, 'f Because jf| so, I have a letter for you,' and tajrijjg one from his pocket he heljj it gut|. j , ' Arthur Tbussingtpn topk it with a| 'frown at the. unceremonious, address, 'saying — : ' Whom do you come frpm.J- 1 ' Messrs.. Carter and Wijlis? ' sir,' *'' was -;he reply. ' .. ' j Cartor and Willis were the Pdge-j combe solicitors, and Arthur had received a great number of letters Jrqjn them, in reference to the marriage ...fijej-j tlempnf, and therefore, felt no syrp.rise,j 'indeed he did not glance at Jtb.e .super- j scription, but slipped it into his pocket,! saying-!- _ ./?'??'? .' very well,1' and hurried to go qn' ,'higway, ' . ' ,' '/ . , ',??''. \ ?The man however, stepped after, him,; and said, respectfully, tjiathe was in-, structed to wait for an. answer. , ', 'An answer ? — why did you not say. ^so ??' Replied Sir Arthur, and once more; lie walked towards the Vale, opening: ?fhe letter as he went along.' ' ' j Suddenly, before hg had time to finish ! it, he uttered a low cry and staggered.. ! James,, who was still standing a.t the ? door, ran towards , him, inquiring anxiously — . ? . ; ?? jaar you mil, s.ir.r « Jf — o,' muttered Sir Arthur, deadly pale, but speaking calmly. ' A. sudden panS of PS?1)-— »rheumatics, perhaps— Fhem, yon say you want an answer to this ? James, show fchis man into the hall for a few , minutes, while I write a few lines,' and he strolled quietly .off towards the library,.' James, when telling the story of the letter, asserted positively, that'he even hummed the scrap of a popular opera, and whisked the open letter backwards and forwards carelessly, thoroughly, by his easy manner, removing the suspicion . which had occurred tp him, that the Jetter had affected Sir Arthur so strangely, for a moment. As soon as he had reached the library, he c'arefplly and silently Ipcked the floor, and then dropped intp a chair beside the table. His ,face — now there w.ns no one to gee it — was distorted by spme passion, and his lips blue and livid. For a few minutes lji.s hand .shook too much to hold a pep. But with a great effort he threw off his emotion, and grasping the delicate ivory shafjt, wrote on a sheet of paper. :tt 'Gentlemen, ' '-The * Annie ' went cjown with all hands op Jward, apd not a soul wfis saved- go says Hoyd, and thelengtfi of timewhic}}J)as ejapsed since the wreck, without hearing of a single survivor, proves the truthof the statement. This nianmust be an impostor. Do not take steps ..to prosecute him, however, until you hear further from mp ; I shpuld ;npt wjsh jjir Robert and Lady Valor distressed by the news of such an imposture, on the day of my ?marriage. 'Yours faithfully, . ' Abthtjr Thussinqton.' The note was purposely of vague and somewhat confused composition; for he wished .the solicitors to be entirely in the dark as to the -way in which he fook the news which they had sent him. TJien, cpmppsing his face, be walked put jpto the shrubbery again, and gave the jetter he had written to ;thp glerk. ' There is a train back to Lpndpn in an hpur/ he said to him. ' If you will cojne ;mth me up ,ff) ;the Hall,, I wijl see tb^t .you get some refreshment, a^d-ps I. 'am gping towards the sta^jpn, .drive you over myself.' ; ;??-' ,. ;- . . The nian thanked him, an.d Sir.AV thur^ though almost . sure that, ^he..knefw, lidtmng^of -the contents' pf 'the.' letter^ still to shut out all psssibility in case' of' ?^jh knowledge, pf, his cpmmimjpatingv it, tQ any pne ,«* jEdgofigfflbe, .took 'a; cigar, while, he afeand drank, .gpd him,' sejf, as he ihftd saj^, drovp hjtn pver toj .thp ptatipn^ i giack enpugh were his thoughs as he r (turned home, and the horse, a spirited cob, bore the cruel rlash.es of the whip which his master gave him, with fretting irnpatignpo. . , ?; VFith.his bfiRil sunk upon his brqast, 1ia *tnIc-rtrI+V\r\ wlti r\ nf nAoti nnlica in MID ,muttered. soliloquy. : ' Roderick Edgecomba ? aliva^r-alive 1 §n4 bask, Baojc tg joja.ifn Edgegpmbj and my bride ! By hell, it's a lie— a lip' -r-an infernal |je. I'IIt— prosecute the imposferto denth. By God, I'll — curse you- — ' he brpke off to s,narl, as the bent figure qf an old man, dressed in black, started from the hedge wifh with suffi cient suddenness, tp. startle t|ie fiery cob, already at feyer he^t from the .crqel boat ing on to his strong haunches. , ' Curse you, .what the devil dp you . mea,n by jumping out like a d, — d cat, and sfart lintr mv horso ? ' And. without waitiner fpr' a .reply, he rajsed the Jong whip and aimed a heavy out at. the boiled figiire. The long thpng wpund like a snake rpund Jh'e body of the man, who lettering a shriek, darted at the gig,' and almost leaping intp i^, disclosed the face of Star tgl, the old steward. . The wjjite lips ^ere quivering top njuch.for speech, but if a look 'could strike a man dead, j5ir Arthur | Thussingtpn 's tropbjio.s wpuld haye ended thqre and then, j jn the shaken state of his, nerves, I the hideously distorted face glaring up ; at. his wa§ appalling. Heshranjj baclj, j mprmuring iaintjy.^— '' ' ''Star'telr''' ' _'.',' j The face. grew vivid fpr one instant, j .with asnnje of fiendish triumph th.^f was almost hideous, the next it was lying jr. the rpad, for ]the cpbhad started ; with a snort, and was tearing along a.t j a,madgalipp, 