TOPICS OF THE DAY Mr. A. Cunningham, of Rundle-street, has returned to Adelaide by the English mail. The total amount of wheat shipped from Port Wakefield to Part Adelaide during me weekending Saturday. August 28, was 1,030 bagi. The Home Neva to band by the mail announces the arrival of twenty vessels from Adelaide, whilst the arrivals from Sydney and Melbourne are respectively seven and six. The Master of the Hunt Club has •ooepted an invitation for m meet at Woodride on Saturday afternoon next. A. notice referring to it appears in oar business -columns. A fire occurred on Tuesday evening at the shop of Kingsborongh & Co., fiondb- abeet, occasioned by a man lighting the gas in the window. Hie fire was soon extinguished, and very trifling damage was done. At a meeting of the Philosophical Society, to be held this evening at the Insti tute, the Hon. B. T. Finniss is to read a paper on "The Origin and Progression of Animal j life in the Past, through Development" I A notice was posted outside the Central Telegraph Office on Tuesday. August 26, stating that the Overland Telegraph line waa later? ropted north of Daly Waters, but a subsequent notioe announced that the *M""lmn*i'i*tiim was restored. The silver cup, value £160, presented by a few old colonists in England as a price for the champion combine woolled merino ram of South Australia, and won by Mr. John Murray, is now on view at Mr. Muirhead's establish ment, EGndlfy-street A little boy, son of William Groves, living at Parryvale, Booyoolee, in the employ of Mr. T. P. Jones, has met his death under very sad circumstances. It appears that the little fellow was lost for two days, and on finding his way home at night, probably in a state of great exhaustion, walked into a well where he was drowned, and his body afterwards found. We have received from Mr. D. G. F. Hlller the "Rosadalis Almmm f or 1673," ? publication intended to make known to suffer ing humanity the efisacy of the specific from which the almanac takes its name as a cure for almost or quite every existing form of disease. The work includes a tale, which is planned and written with the same benevolent object We are informed that the crops in the neighborhood of Penang are looking well, and that a good harvest is anticipated. Many of the settlers are busily engaged fencing their ground, of which 1,230 acres will be enclosed this season, making a total of upwards of 2,000 acres fenced in the locality. About 540 acres are under crop—chiety of wheat — Toribe't Peninsula Advert'ter. On Tuesday, shortly before 2 p.m., George Handle, who during the forenoon had been committed for trial on a charge of indecent assault, made an attempt to commit suicide in the Adelaide Police Station. He was at dinner at the time, and suddenly drew a small table knife he had in his hand across his throat Hie polios at once seized and disarmed the wretched man, and without delay sent him to the Hos pital We understand the wound is not dan geroas. The following is Tuesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win telegraph line:—Beltana, N.E., very strong, overcast, threatening; Strangways Springs, K.W., moderate, dull, overcast; Peake, N.W., high, cloudy; Charlotte Waters. N.W.. strong, fine, warm; Alice Springs, N.K., fine, dear, hot; Barrow Creek, 8.. light, fine, clear; Tennant Oreek, K., light B^e, clear; Powell Creek, E. by N., fresh, dear, fine, cold. The Coorong on Tuesday toolrftwo pur* bucks and one pore doe Cram the faelebrated Oastambul nock of Mr. Price Maurice, at the Fourth Greek. These animal* werolexfaibltsd in Adelaide prior to their departure. They axe quite young, and are aent over to the Victorian Acclimatization Society In Melbourne, at the special request of that body, whaae intention is to send back to Mr. Manrfee three animal* in exchange for them to teit the merits of the respective flocks. A meeting of gentlemen Interested in the formation of a tram or railway from Mooata to Adelaide, via Parrara, is nailed to be held to day. As tbe proposal is supported by numeroa Influential parties, it is hoped there is a stronz probability of its being attended with suesaw, whereby the great want of the PeninsulaTfcr increased facilities of communication w3l be accomplished, and travellers to sad from Ade laide relieved from the present nnivenallr ad mitted tedious and inconvenient mode of transit We regret to hear that Mr. Jotat Mambel, sen., who. as already mentionei tna paragraph is then columna taken from ths Borda- Watch, met with an acttident whilst to turning from Penola to his residence at ***«—■* Oambier, died on Monday morning. The de ceased gentleman for many year* carried «n at large business as a trntrhrr in Thinflli siml He was widely known and greatly respected. Mr. Ballantyne's shop, that formerly ooctmted by Mr. Marnbel, was partially dosed on Tues day morning, as were also one or two other shops in the vicinity, out of respect for «as memory of the deceased. We hare received from the Secratazyof the South AutraUan Institute a copy nflks subjects ana regulations adapted foH&sSoadi; Anstralian Institute examinations for IBM. with an appendix containing the papers set for May of the present year, when it wffl be reaaeaa bered Miss Florence Kav was the only oanfi date who obtained a certificate. Du tjuimnfl «ny subjects for 1874 consist of English, arith metic, geography, English, history, fcudid, al gebra, aoa translation from Cow'* Oomsaact taries ; and the subjects of which one as compulsory ate Greek, French, German, me chanics, chemutiy, botany, and analogy. A little girl seven years of age, named Mary Ann Field, daughter of Mr. N. Field, of Cross Roads, met her death yesterday by drowning in a tank. She was playing with a younger sister, and by some mishap fell into the tank, in which was about four feet of water. The sister ran crying to the mother, and told of what had occurred. The screams of Mrs. Field brought some of the neighbors together, and one of them -Daniel George - jumped into the tank and brought out the girl in an in???mate condition. Dr. Gosse, on his arrival, found that life was extinct and the body cold. The tank, we are informed, was covered merely with a few mallee poles. - Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser. On Monday evening, August 25, s lecture was delivered by tie Hon. /no. Dana. M.L.0., in the Bible Christian ChapeL SfitEsar Kast — subject, "Ifcmilni«M l oeHrfT TtoS through Bfeypt and Palestine." Its. Was. Xiewis occupied fiieithair, and opened fhe po eeeaings in an appropriate address, the Hon. John Dana Oten gave the promised lecture, which we nave previously on several i—'ys— ■> briefly described in reporting it as delivered la otter places. In this instaaae the hon. sjenfle. man had an attentive andienoe, who aocordea him hearty applause. Votes of thanks «• lee turer and Ohairman were crary honored, and Oe meeting closed at 10 •'doekwith the doxolary and benediction. The New Connexion Dram' and IB* Band gave their second quarterly soiree at taa Ezsha&ge-Koam;, Town Hall, on Taaadayaagaa* There wasagoodoompany. consMwuig«Jiesj? favorable weather. Ike ebairwMoaexaUftr Mr. SamL Gully, the Conductor of tto BmssL Hedtetioat wen very ably rendafed by Mr. Dawkua, Mr. Thomas, MaatarHOtoa, aadamaa Johnson ; duet by Mia Matdatt and Mr. Har rison; comic aongs, entitled "UseUas Ssow ledge;" " Tobias and Bianons* 1 by Mr. Hand. ■en, wbe throaghont waa very ~™.i~l a?sasaac roan of Ungttter. " The Ghost in «ae Pawn shop" by Messrs. Hanlin. Harrison, aaal Sperkes, conehided a very interestiag aal amnaanng f*||fc^l li>llHHfl|l|i_ The New UeeUenbarg correspaode?t of the fapunda Herald thus desaabasaaaeol. dent with kerosine :-"On Wednesday aaawt last, shortly after midnight, the kensian faTi l?mp I waa in file habit of leaving booms • Uttle aU nuht in my bedroom tiramiiiTmiisaZw other caught fire, and a flame IS Inches Ukft prooeeded with great violenoa bom the iriarofl My wife, awaking, anced tte lamp, aaal wiEa great picsfnee of mind and oeU-aaorlⅇ caxnejl it outside into the yard, and quickly ntanea, shutting the door after her. j£ that ««ay moment myself aad my two ehHdrea, «*^ were aleeping in the same roes, «ea ronaed by a terrible eiaan. like the report af aeveral (ma. The lamp had bant, al «sa keroanw bad been scattered aU overtaewanV where it area burning in dozens of p!aoas.-Xh damage waa done. Had the lamp burst in amr wife's bands she must have been killed, «rW it bnrsjt in the bedroom four livestntgatsaava been lost. Ton may imagine our tfmiifiiiiaai to Providenoa. I mention this aooident to sssssa your readers aware of the danger of a actaama lamp burning in a bedroom at night time.' The "Childrea'B Servioe of Sosw." fflaatratiag the life of Ohrist, waa «ar/aIV rendered on Toesday evening at taa IWaw MinnerislOhMch. la FlMdata-afaget, « jlfliilh. Beversl ladies and sjeailsaien awe taMsrsssaat aao?, ameng whom wan Mia. Hanii aad taa Stow Memortal choir, tegether with saaasssj. Oox, Jan., and others. The whole, oaaer taa> ablediteetaoa of Mr. J. Bhskespaate, ana* «C almost wthont • tarf'_ The ml mill is mil oommea?ed witt Hanoelv "raataatl %a?. phony." -^- TrTi- rrrfl ullim ■■limliii limn the "Messiah" by Mrs. Harris, taaoatai aassm her usual good •sate, from one of tbt, asaaaaa. "olmiA, nAe"omra'?Mtmih I'~4Jb?wUk of whieb went off aowdl thatltis alsiiasl iaijn Bible tomakeaprefere??e. Perhaps"Ghaarcaa not my Saviour dying" wasamong^BmcsS-saal the manner in whbh it waa t .rfu-.? aaay aerre to show us that both nisartnai asal aolemnity may be fully preserrsd in aaaaaas w ' wit?ont drmwiae it ont toaacbaliiaiWiaa—) too frequently hear it in our regite Baaa*w aarvioes. Tlir fimii mi nanilifs"Railliajaa Ohorus," whu* waa rendertd to ttesatisjsaaasm of the most critical, nin mainanHuai mflhaa given by the Her. C. B. Symet wen awaAii joyed. TbneosatJsa^dMbtis^<ths4SS?a??a(i who crowded (he mom In •vary part wamasjpali' gratified. We have heard aeveral who won f? -aenteipressawishttattheenterUiaaaiai?isg be repeated. The one handled and nijThtrairft meeting of the Adelaide HritgaspanadtMsaeb/ was held at the South Ansanaaa befitatoaai Tuesday Aognat 96. Than waroaaattt 30 gentlemen present, and Mr.T. n.Basssaam (Vioe-Prasident) osonpied the ebab. Tasiaaa. Secretary (Me a W. Babbage) laiilaaaaaaa table "Statistio? of the Oolenj^of 1672," and "Census of Victoria, On, lack vnL,Siiiknee?andlniri?ilT,"s?dts?"Js«aaal of the Sooiety of Arts for Febraarf and assaaVr Mr. A.T. Magareywas unanimously isnUtoil a, member of the Sooiety. The nuastaif aa ported the aoeeptaaos by His ExoaUoasyaf the position of President of.tin Baaetr. aa* read a letter from His BueHeney atalint; Ha regret at being nnable to be present at that evening9 * meeting. The Hon. B. T. Fisaasa then riada?aper— "The Origin and Xaagaav aion of AsLnal life in the past Ilinaajb development." In onmaiwiiimg ETam^ectsVa mentioasdthrt the facts and desoripilos«m«Ba he shoold put forward were neoaaauityaaaaMl from authors of emiasoee. A discursive siistnj of the earth having bean givaa, as aattar enabling him to point to the varying i naMTii which had existed on its amfaee osaaaneaaV with the transitions which lUe-fataas Bad passed through since its tint *J(?aa in times anterior to the deposition «f fcba earlkat f oarilif erous rooks, he proceeded «• show that the omnmmwftmfmt of Vk aawt tie dated bask to the earliart ■iilimisilmj deposlta of tte primeval ooean, ana that the forms of animal Kfe had improvad fey aaa gremonal organisation from first teUstaawj carded the kingdoms, provinoas, aad «taar prSdpal (lirisioSi of the fltatifi^tin?, wMrt the improvement had gone onu smmasiit] stages concurrently with the stages aad s*aas observable in the order of the superpostfaan «C the sedimentary deposits as asuaiuiaad assd classified by geologists. He then addaaed arguments upon which the derivative oncsawl spioies was Waed, remarking that O? «jaU tion theory, aa understood by Haeskdaad ad vanced thinkers, tenst be extended to tbe wry origin of life itself on theearth.- In iliailaa, be observed that the diffioolty in the waraf the aooeptsnoe of the theory «f e«fc tion vanished when they reflected that speaks had come into existence insagsJar suocesslon at distant intervals thattmaaca greanv? change bad been effected; Sowar* the operation of natmral causes, aa adaatttedaw mao/emfaent physiokspssa and laoVaMa la FngUnd and Germany; aad thaitae Fhsass mena of reprodnctioa differed only faces asat grand traasmntatla?, in the shortaass sfjk interval within rhioh they operated. Oa evolution of spedes had been carried aaaaaW pastthronghaa endless snnorasinn of aa?a.aad they had, therefore, tooomoaarevary aawfaaa. aa one of the steps in a series of larval aad am bryonal developments, carried on lathe waa* of nature, and culminating in ««?•**■•*" ting, I?**i?n g the origin of new aacssss natural law, they ware, he aaid, «"d/ aaIQBH| the induction one legitimate step Jsrjaatj. g they reeognJaed the conclusion that aae aMK originated In a aunilar way. tTpontaeaaatsaa of Mr. B. Ingleby. seoonded by Me Osama fTanfl*"", aoordial vote of thanks wsasisasad to Mr. Flnniss for his paper. 