A Strange Story. Anothei proof of the old adage "murder will out" is given by the "Trenton Sentinel":— It is forty years ago, or more, since the dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near Stoneybrook Bridge, about one mile to the east of Pennington, a village in the State of New Jersey. We were children then, residing near the said village, and remember the circumstances well. It was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neighbourhood. Years later, when we boys used to go to swim in that locality, more or less fears were always excited by reference to the circumstances ; for boyhood as well as age iB superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost every is afraid of them ! The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech —The face distorted, the eyes protruding, as though the dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokened one being in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and no one ever remembered to have seen him. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to the mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A short time ago accident placed in our hands a copy of the "Manchester" (England) "Examiner." In the number we found thedyingconfession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated about forty years ago, in the State of New Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country, and came out about one year before him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in New York. When Eberhart came out he sought his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman went with Eberhart on a tour through New Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, and he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pennington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stopped to eat food they had procured before starting. Hulseman passed his flask to his companion, who drank freely, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agonis. Hulseman looked on all the while. He then robbed him of his money, and set him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should have come to light by a death-bed confession 3,000 miles from the place of commission; and yet it is even so. J It is the etiquette in the Chinese Court for the emperor's physician to apply the same title to his disease as to himself. So they talk of "his high and mighty diarrhoea." "We will meet in heaven husband dear," is the affectionate inscription which an Arkansas woman had carved on the tombstone of every one of her five departed husbands. A BALTIMORE girl is going to marry the " Viscount de Montaban," who is said to have just reached the States. The " Detroit Free Press" means i;o disrespect to the Viscount de, &c.;, when it asks if any Milwaukees or Chicago barber is missing from home ? To POT FISH.—Almost every kind of cold fish may be made-available in this way, but those fish which are the firmest and most free from bones are the best adapted to the purpose. Anv parts may be used that are free from bones, and the pickings about the head and fins of a ling or cod fish, the skin and sound chopped up small, all come in most advantageously for this purpose. This mode is as simple and easy as it is economical and useful. All you have lo do is to pull the solid parts of the fish to pieces with a fork, and to pick out the other parts by the same means; mix up the whole in a basin, with a little butter (melted), seasoning with cayenne, common pepper salt, and a little bruised mace, and, placing the mixture in pots, pour clarified butter over it. A few minutes are often sufficient to complete the whole process, if made from fish that has been either previously stewed or curried; the gravy that is left should be mixed up with the fish, which will serve still further to enhance the richness of the flavor When prepared in this way, with a little parsley strewed over the top, it presents a tempting appearance either at a breakfast or a supper table, and is also admirably adapted for luncheon or a picnic. THE Rosy.—Little Girl—," Oh, Mr. Beeswing, is the paint you color your nose wfth the same as that mama colors her cheeks with ?" [Mr. B. and Mamma enjoy themselves, j AN AMENDED ANSWER.—Laura— "Really, Harry, you shouldn't bring thngs to me to be mended at this time of night." Harry—" Well, but, Lollie, you know It's never too late to mend !'" 1 