WHAT IS SPIRITUALISM ? On this subject, which is now being so widely discussed, The Times has tho following ?leader': — ? .--.?.:? -.,-. .-. ?? Many sensible readers, wo fear, will think we owe them some apology for opening our columns to a controversy on such a subject 'ub Spiritual ism, ana thus treating as an opon and debatable quost.ion what should rather be dismissed at once as either an imposture or a delusion. But even an imposture may call for unmasking, and popular delusions however absurd, aro often too important to be neglected by tho wiser portion of mankind. It is, wo suppose, on these grounds wo are told that 'men of science,' instead of treating Spiritualism with derision and con tempt, ought to study its phenomena with im partial altontion, and prepare themselves either to 'expose deceit or to acknowledge facts. On tho other side, however, it is reasonably argued that before scientific men can be expected to investigate alleged phenomena, it must bo shown that such phenomena are real enough and extra ordinary enough to deservo inquiry. Thus, in fact, has arisen the question of ' Spiritualism v. Science,' under which heading we linvo allowed .correspondents of all shades of belief, or dis belief, to relate their experience or state their views. Is there really any casb for scientific investigation in- this matter? Would it havo boon allowable, for instance, to ask Professor Faraday to comb and verify for himself tlio manifestations bf Spiritualism, or would it have been an insult to invite him to any such ab surdity ? la there, in reality, anything, as lawyers would say, to go to n jury with ? Well, on the one hand we havo abundance of alleged experience which can hardly bo called evidence, and a few depositions of a more notable and impressive character. On the other hand we havo many accounts of convicted impostera, and many authentic reports of precisely such dis appointments or discoveries as wo should be led to expect. 'What, however,, is. Spiritualism? We ask that important quostion with little hopo of getting n concluaivo answer, for our readers will havo seen during the last few days' how very various are the impressions of Spiritualists themselves. Originally, no doubt, as the name itself implies, Spiritualism meant a certain dealing, through some mysterious agencies, with the spirits of the dead, which were summoned to communicate with the living. This is noth ing but tho old theory, of ghosts and appari tions reduced to a kind of practice, by which' Spirits, instead of appearing at their own dis cretion, are raised at will by tho call of others Probably the believers in Spiritualism as thus defined do not include many scientific men , but other views of tho matter have boon placod before us. One correspondent i3 content to observe that ho has witnessed phenomena which could not bo attributed to any natural causes. Another expresses his conviction that certain : phenomena are really duo to the operation of a force hiliierfn unsuspected, but entering into the agoncies_ of naturo liae any oilier force. As this is, perhaps, the least incredible of all tho hypotheses, wo may as well consider ib first, especially as tho reader of Lord Lytlbu's novels will recognise in it ti fatniliur and almost attractivo assumption. It is said, then, that the force of the human will, which cim put the fingers of tlio hand in motion ut pleasure, can occasionally and under certain circumstances be exerted beyond tho limits of tho body, and with Bitch' material effect as to movo inanimate object s to an extent, at any rate, far exceeding the mechanical force employed. A number of person's, being duly gifted and in a proper stale of ' cerebration,' might thus, wo aro told, put in motion a heavy dining-table and drive it ovur a considerable space. Now, wo niust'avow that, for our own 'ps'rt, we do not believe tho united ' wills ' of all. tho nine hundred millions of tho earth's population could over bo mado to movo a single wine-glass ; but the possibility of BUch'n force may be imagined with' less outrugo to reason than is involved in certain other Spiritualist theories, nnd can easily be brought to proof. '.,?.?,'' Of the other alleged phenomena of Spiritual ism it is difficult to speak with oven this amount of gravity. They aro for tho most part exhibited under conditions, either plainly : suggestive of impost urb or clearly consistent with delusion ..Stipulations for a dark room, concerted. arrange- meiils of furnitiiro, arid a company predisposed by credulity to the veoeption of impressions aro not turm.s likely to .commend thomselve3 to tho students of physical science. The 'phenomena themselves, too, aPo mostly incompatible with any serious conception of Spiritual revelations, and, at the 'sanie time, exactly adapted to tho purposes of human operators. Raps given under tlio table, chairs tossed about the room, Blrango noises, and mysterious movements havo been tho stock features of all such stories from tho days of the Cock-lane Ghost to the present time. | Such tricks are easily played, and the manifesta tions aro easily magnified by a credulous or imagiuativemind. When wo hear from witnesses i'lieilhor imaginative nor credulous that they havo really heard: or seen what they could iiot ?'toll 'how-to explain, we may believe them with out' the: -least -belief in the truth or roality of Spiritualism; '! Mxuclly the same things have been said' of Indian jugglers or Egyptian' magi- cians. When, again,' : wo I are - fcoldi that ' S pi ritualism, !'having oxistcd for forty years, ?must have a' basis1 of truth, we can only reply '? that lnagid without 't!ie' least- -basis of- truth existed and was fully believed .in- for more than 'len'timeB that period. Its theory was perfectly Bimple,! being' founded on the . belief, uni versally prevailing,' that tho- elements -, were peopled with certain ? Spirits or superhuman natures which,', could, by the,, application of certain' laivsj bo made1: to;-1' perform the bidder's . will., . . Magical ,' art consisted in the mastery of thosd.laws, arid 'the command con 'seqUoritly attained ovor tbe^powbrs'ibf tlio ? air, the oarth, or tho poa. The' observance of :ber 'tain forms, tlie burning of -.'certain' eBBenoes, ar.d the utterance of certnin words called; the spirit or the ' genii ' to the preseneo of tho per former, anditis'curious to remark,how olabor atoly the study mutt have been purtuod. Tho Magician of Onontal tales boforo exorcising Ins - art invariably consults Iub '? books,' and somor ,'- ^ 'times spends days in the investigation. Wpi laugh at such pretensions now, but they wore' neither ridiculous nor incredible in .times whoa the existonco of tho spirits concorned was never; called in question. It was overyvvhoro believod that naturos endowed with nioro than human faculties woro among tho beings of tho world, and from that conviction to tlio conception of an art by which thoy might be controlled the pnssugo was easy. JBut this does not touch the essence of spiritalistio pretensions. We aro told either that spirits from the unsepn world may bo called to communicate with living men, i and women, or that a foico hitherto unknown , niay bo cxerlod with material effect upon in; animato bodies;, and then we aro asked why men of scicuco will not apply themselves to the investigation of such claims. In the contro- , r versy which has been raised in our columns dues'*-»''* #5* allowance lias, perhap', not been made for the ~ Ts conditions of tho pioblem , but a sufficient *'£ answer to the domand for a scientific in- ^ - — ' ( '_ quiry is that the pioposals must come in a less '?- ? i ambiguou' or object tonablo shape Tho ' medium' must be content with any apaitment offured for the purpose, with an unbehoving nudieucc, and with conditions generally devised - to pievent even the po'Bibihty of deception or i. ?*-? p,' misapprehension The emplojer of ' Psyclno '? Force' must accept similar terms, which, indeed, in his ease, as theie can bo no 'susceptibilities' involved, should be leachly welcomed Wo havo been warned not to apply tho measures of aii ^ exact or advanced soienco to di«eovones possibly -. jw I dawning upon mankind, but that advice would befit onh, an ultenor stage of tho inquiry. AVe cannot bo too sceptical, too scrutini7ing, or too pieciso in ascertaining facts, tl ough it may hootheiniso when we come to explanations. Let us fltsfc bo positiwly nsnued that a Spirit has been orokod, or that a dining table has been moved by a mere effort of volition on the part of an operator^ Whon the facts have been onco e--tiblished Scionco may bo fairly c tiled upon to considei their import 