Presentation Convent— 'Beception of a Novice. (Abridged from the Launceslon Examinee) The ceremony of 'Kec^ption'' or tailing the White Veil, in connection with the Presentation Convent, took place on Wednesday, at the Church of tbe Apostles. This being tbe first ceremony of the kind at Liannceston, a good deal of interest was taken in the event, and a large congregation assembled on the oc casion. Tickets of admission to the nave were paio. for at xs eaou, anaio omorpzirtsoi iae cauroa be oa, tae receipts to be appropriated to the convent bu'ldia^ fund. The front neat was reserved for the community of the convent, and the relations of the youn; lady about to take the religious habit, fchonly before the ceremony commenced, lie father and sister of the pos tulant, ttlr, Boylsan and MUs Boylson, of Bathurtt, New South Wales, were escorted to their seats. The required arrangements had been made by the saciistau for the convenience of tbe postulant, the Superioress, and auUtant, at the chancel. Mr. A. iioper conducted the choir, Mies Dowling preridiog at the organ. Several processions tcok place during the proceedings, which, in addition to the u:ual prayers and ceremonies, comprised a ecrmon by the Most ltev. Bishop Mur phy, who also efficuted as celebrant. At half-past ten tbe fiist procession moved from the sacristy. A somber of yonug Jadies ia bridal attire took part, and tiie Be alone ejclted considerable admira tion; there were Misses Blleu and Cioily Murphy (little daughters of his worship the .May or. of Lutnces ton). Theresa Kennedy, Elizabeth Bo'por,' Florence and Gertrude Doolau, and Theresa Hadfield. Toe Missti Florence Doolan and K. Roper officiated as acolytes, and the processional ccoeb was borne by Miss Ha46elds Th-?y were followed by ^he altar boya, and then came the clergy— the Bevs. J. Hogan (Westbuiy), ST. O'Oallsghan (Longford), the Bfohop. bearing bin pastoral crosier ; Bcv». E. F. Walsh (Oeloraioe), and M. J. Beechinor (Campbell Town), wbo officiated as deacon and sub deacon ; with the Very Rev. Dean Butler and Eev. J. Feehan. After a brief interval, tbe ' bridal angels,' young ladies before named, appeared, followed by the uovice-e'ect (Miss Mary Boyleoc), n yoHHg lsdy, who wan xnperbl? attired in a white silk drees, trimmed with I/ruoriok lace, and a handsome white veil, with appropriate ornaments, tho Bevs. Superioress and Mother Assist ant (sister aud nieoe of Bishop Murphy), with the uutis and noviciatss of the convent, each bssringa was candle. The prooeeaioa travel sed the aisles, i-'as^itig the choir, to the clianoel, &nd; then took their position, the bishop and clergy at the altar, aud the novice and attendant nuns in front of the ruila, the choir mean while tinging ?* O Qloriosa, Yirginum.' The Uishop proceeded with trie. prayers, and having bleated the caudle, incensed an4 gpiinkled it, preset tea it to the postulant, saying, ' Eeceive, demy beloveu daughter, this corporal light, as an emblem uf the inward light, to dupel all the darkness of ignorance or error ; that, being illuminated with the light cf Divine wbdom, with the fervor »f the Holy Ghrnt, thou mayest deserve to be etirnilly united with Jesos Christ, the spousn of the Church, who liveth and reigneth with God the Father, ia the unity of God the Half Ghost, world without end.' The Postulant bad I inbSitenoe au3 of Tey Dip : » i* ^hott that yrte restore my inhetitaros. to joe.' ?; ? J~ ' - -. ., ,:\ ^.t the close at the* «eim«u 3sis lordship proceeded with the oergmony. The Ebv. Superioress hnvinc raised the postulant from herieftt. she and the mother nKii3tanteouducte.iherto -tsenils, where the Bishop' proposed vhn qiiesiiom: — My child, what do you dema.sd? Tne ineroy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of tho Order, and the society of the mother and sisters. Is it with yonr free will and conceit yon demand tbe habife of religion I yes, BjyJord. , The BUaop (to the Biv. Saperiorois) : Eev. Mother have you inquired into the other poiats necessary to be known for tbo.o wbo enter iuto religion, and are yon tullv EMis&td;? Xes, my. lord. TiteUubop: My dear child, have you a Urn inten tion to persevere in religion to tbe end cf your life, and do you think: you have sufficient strength to bear con stantly the sweet yoke ot our Lord Jesas Christ, for the love and fear of God alone? ' TheNTovice : Hi-lying on the mercy of God, ard on the prayers of tne mothers und aistors, I hope to be able to do so. Tbe Bishop ; What God ba? commenced in you. may he himself perfect. May the Lord banieh from you ihe old man with his works. The postulant bavine responded to these prayers re- tired, passing aloug the ci-ilts, accoropa- iieil by the rev. snpciioress and thn Mother AiseUtant nnd othon, and afterwards to the place appointed to change ber secular dress for the religious habit ; the choir hinging In exiiu, XsrcteldeJEgypto, aud ikeLaudatepuere. During this time the celebrant and other clergy remained seated. The bishop then blessed and sprinkled the outer d' ess of the postulant, which had been previously placed by the sicristsin, wbo tcok them to the postulant. His Jordthip also blessed and sprinkled tho veil. On the return of the novice-elect mating her religious habit, the choir sang the Qtue cst ista— 'Who is she that coraeth up flow tho desert, flowing with delights, lean in? upon her beloved ? Thou art all fair, my beloved, milch and beautiful. Come my spouse, from Libanas ; come from Libiuus ; come, tucu sha.lt be crowned.' The po'tukat, after tho customary prayers, w«.« pre sented by the rev. Superioress with the cinoture (or girdle) acd remaining part of the drCBS, the celebrant saying, ' When thou wast younge', thou did'at gird thyself and did'tt walk where thou wou'd'st; but when thou ehr,}}' be old, another shall gird thce. In the name of the Father, &-!.'' The Biabop afterwards oouferred the cauje ia religion of the novice. Sister Majy Agnes, «-hen tho choir chanted Ilcgiliim mundi; and the novice having been raised by the mother assistant retired a lew pacos from the rails and sDtig Erictavic cor mcum, verbum honam ; dico ego opera, mea regi ; the choir responding Qmm vidi quem amavi, in quem crcdidi, quem dileri, do. The Bisnop intoned feni Creator Spinlas, dad after farther prayers sprinkled t!io novice with holy water, and the ceremony oE embracing tha novioa fol lowei), commencing with the K«v Mother, aud includ ing tho rest of the nuns one after another ; the oho'.r chanting Ecce' quum Btnum, followed by the Deus Sliseifatu/r, and othor psalms. The Episcopal benedic tion was then pronounced, the concluding proces sion was formed, and the ceremony terminated. A dejeuner was provided at the convent for the Bishop and clsrgy, and ref ccsliments woru also providtd for the choir, &c.; The sum of £19 10a was tak?n at the doors. 