?*?'''' Tina PASTORAL LETTER ? ?? ...... -W John Bepe, by Divine Pkovidence and Favor of the Holy Apostolic See, Arch bishop of Sydney axd Metropolitan of Australia. . To the Faithful Clergy and Laity of the Archdiocese, at the Commencement op the Lent of the Year 1S73; ?*???? 'Prayer is good with fasting and alms, more than to lay up treasures of gold.'— Tobias, c. xii.i v. 8. : . ? Domine suncte, Pcder omnypotens, cvterne Deus, qui corjporali \jejivnio yitia cpmprimis, vnentcm clevas, mvluteni Ian/iris et prccmw. — Prjefatio ad Missam. , t-wat?t.v ?Rkloved in Jesus Christ. — The precepts of the Church are to be accepted and interpreted, as the precepts of God are to be ac cepted and interpreted, in a spirit of intelligent, loyal, generous obedience. A literal, servile acquiscence is utterly out of place. We know the love, and we understand something of the inten-* lion of God our Father, in all that He commands, all that He requires of us ; and with this con sciousness of His love, with this knowledge of His purpose, we feel constrained, by a return of love, to interpret and apply a filial spirit, all He has said to us. ' Therefore, now he is not a servant, but a son'— Galatians, iv., 7. His precepts are not penal laws ; they are the very guiding hand of our Creator and our Father ; they are- portions of the charter, and proofs, of « our aonship. Our blessed Lord, in the Gospel of the beloved disciple, says, 'I will not now call you servants, for the servant knoweth not what his lord doth ; but I have called you friends.' And in precisely the same attitude, dearly beloved, should we accept the preceptb of the Church, because, being designed by Her, as His minister, to lead and confirm us in the observance of God's commands, they are to us in a most rubstantial sense, divine commands also. In truth, we should not render a full obedience to God, unless we obeyed also the precepts of His Church. And now, dearly beloved, you will understand ?why I have chosen to direct your attention at this moment to the right spirit in which you are in rAPf-iwfi n.nrl jvnnlv hint* rnloo nf Tout ? flin [ solemn season of penitence, and charity, and prayer. I want you to accept and practise them as children should serve father and mother, not as bond servants deal with the edicts of a tyrau f nous master. For indeed, as I have often hinted ;- to you, there is some danger of losing by degrees the true, dutiful, intelligent temper in which I we Catholics are bound to observe Lent. It is said that men are no longer able to bear the discipline of fasting such as our early forefathers in Christianity practised it, that the conditions of modern life render it impossible. Now we jnuBt suppose there is some truth in this asser tion, because the wisdom of the Church has acted upon it, and made, from time to time, ttodifications in mitigation of that early rigour. For the first five hundred years, Christians fasted 'from flesh meat and wine' during the whole of Lent. You see at once how far we are now removed from such a rule, and there is no need to trace step by step the changes that have ended in the relaxation of our own days. But, dearly beloved, you will easily gather how readily these frequent dispensations and soften ings of strict rule may lead lukewarm Catholics to look at the rule merely as a rule, instead of treating it in its true character — a means, that is, of happiness and eternal salvation. Relaxa tions, dispensations, are looked for with suffi ciently keen attention ; but the compensations, the commutations by which the Church, whilst * .abating one rule, said to be too heavy, exchanges »t for another having the same tendency, and cultivating the same heavenly fruit,— these commutations are not so attentively sought out, nor so hberally practised. The restraint is too exclusively dwelt upon ; the kind, the loving, grand aim which has dictated the rule, is over looked. _ And now, in such a frame of mind, iiow is ifc possible that men should celebrate a. true and profitable Lent? If the right motive as not in our hearts, a wrong motive will usurp its place When the great prophet Isaias told ? the Israelites that Almighty God detested their ' I a! a u wbich he bad himself appointed, m? t j , declare in clear, emphatic terms, that 'ley had lost sight of, or profanely violated, the true spirit which it was the purpose of those Jasts to cultivate. « Behold in the day of your ;'! '' y°u.r ,OWQ will is found. ' The fault you see \ Z™ pIain)y thafc in those fasts the perverse will ] ?nfv.aVand not the wiU of &od;, was found. So ^tne bospel our Lord condemns the hypocrisy -w«.e lhanseea who kept the fast, not that they cared for the humility, the penitence, f,rit.y «f body and mind it was intended to snnlw Ut that they might make an appear \- S? be;oi:e m,en. Well, this was certainly 1 di Poerisv T^mg Profanifcy« t}^ downright hy. E ?' Ufc ls not an absence of the true spiut in accepting the Church's rule and aim, in dark*?1 61SaI fast~is it: nofc a sin- « not so S J flll sometWng of the same hue ? The taSan?.Mer3 of our Church,, certainly El? exPected a ready, cheerful temper in ftplo, IOr' n?K* grudging, captious grasping at that itl tP086lblue1 s^d^h as if to do and offer «an mS P°-8:ble Could be ^counted a Chris SSn h -8 prmleSe- Hear what St. Basil says ( wnen he 13 commenting on the Gospel words , »£» t? aS, the hypocrites— sad ; but thou, '' thy L '.U alest« anoint thy head and wash M ofltmfi! on these woi'ds, and at the beginning I 2 »?£ 6 Sa*s-'Let our feelings then be such t Se?rbe^ taU^ht t0 cberish- and ^tus m iStu c?^lug days by no means in a sad I &thZ; m$ a cbee/^.^crity, as becometh M as ' n! °Qe °f dei€Cted soul is crowned M tronhv f-n° °ne, hl mourn^l mood raises a B *«-& he-iliX D °! ube sorr°wful whilst you are R '**Si vS™ w t bsurd indeed would ifc be to F BBoed ?5L elf 1because your food has been les L ° your soS f1' th -n t0 re3°ice in the wealth of I - ^e plea8urP°r f° m61d WOuld y°u seem to value B ' fceine of T f y-°^r tbroafc hi8her than the well I' ? Ha y°£T mmd ancl heart.' |ft ^d ao, Dearly Beloved, it is clear what the Church, what our Lord, intends to be the spirit of our Lent, and it might seem enough to have simply stated it. It is, however, of such vast importance to us not to lose this spirit, but rather to gain it1 in deeper and richer measure, that I invite you to consider, often, the meaning, and intent, of that threefold Lenten discipline of prayer, and fasting, and alms-deeds, better, as an archangel assures us, than to lay up trea. sures of gold. Taken together, as they should be, they form and express the true penitential spirit, the profound humility of Christ's follow ers, the steady, practical love of God and man, which is the fulfilling of the law. TT The world has something to say against each of these practices, and still they are in a measure justified, each of them, by natural reason and conscience. Fasting aud alms-deeds have been called the wiuga of prayer. Let us begin then with fast ing, considered as a discipline. Temperance, the world says, in eating and drinking is a duty always, and fasting is an absurd and useless, if not mischievous, exagge ration. And yet natural reason and experience teach that determined eftorts made oo principle, and by rule, form habit3 of self- command, such as may be victorious over mere sensual impulse when the special effort is relaxed in the ordinary course of life. We are creatures of habit, and a habit of temperance is formed bv nnnaninna special, and occasional discipline, just as habi tual intemperance is created by recurring acts, more or less frequent, of excess. The world also acknowledges the greater safety, and force and dignity of character that self- mastery in eating and drinking gives to men. Weakness in such matters is, even in its estimate, more or less of a humiliating degradation, an over-riding of a higher nature by a lower. Whatever may be a man's talent, whatever his position, what ever may be the honour and influence of his office, political or ecclesiastical, if he be once known as habitually over-curious and over careful about what shall pass along his palate and throat, he sinka at once more than at first sight one can account for ; his office and talent may still command external respect, but the man himself somehow has fallen, aod is regarded at best with a sort ot good-humoured contempt. So again when a hypocrite aspires to be a leader of men, more especially if it be in subject of religion, he often affects, or in truth practises, an extreme and ostentatious austerity as to indulgence of appetite, and he gains his point, he gains leadership and power. Many heretics and schismatics have by these means obtained their baleful iufluence. Well, hypocrisy is an unwilling witness to virtue ; the ascetic hypo crite proclaims the value of true asceticism ; the devil has confessed the force and brightness of the sacred weapon of fasting, though he has handled it from a bad motive, and for a wicked end. And so wisdom is justified by her chil dren even in the philosophy and practice of the world. Now then, Dearly Beloved, mount beyond the calculations and aspirations of unaided or debili tated nature, and consider the supernatural ground on which the discipline of fasting is founded. First we have our blessed Lord and Saviour giving it as an example in His own person, and thereby recommending and conse- \ crating it. It was given at the beginning of His ' ministry, it preceded immediately His mysteri ous temptation by the devil, and is therefore so [ much the more obviously shown as a source of ? instruction and grace for us. The Church has ; instituted this very fast of forty days, which we j call Lent, in honour and in imitation of our ! Lord's act. The habit of fasting, of fasting ' united to prayer, has prevailed always and ! everywhere throughout the Church from the be ginning of her existence; and long before the birth of the Christian church, before fasting had re ceived the blessing and consecration flowing from the use of it by Christ our Lord, we have from the earliest times mentioned in the sacred Scriptures and downwards, we have examples of the supernatural power and privilege, with which God has honoured the true fasts of His faithful servants. All men and women of heroic sanctity have practised fasting in a degree sur passing the limits of ordinary resolution, and ordinary grace. What again think you of the great Apostle of the Gentiles, the man of miraculous conversion, the man who had been caught up into paradise ? He, speaking under the guidance of God's Holy Spirit for man's instruction to the eud of time, He says ' I chastise my body, and bring it into subjection ; lest perhaps when I have preached to others, I myself should be come a castaway.' Now the works of the flesh, or body, as it exists in man on earth, always united most intimately with the soul — these : works are named by St. Paul elsewhere in that terrible catalogue beginning with 'Fornication, uncleanness,' aud 'ending with 'murders, drunknness, aud re veilings, and such like.' These are the enemies against which holy fast ing, bringing the body into subjection, is one of the safeguards, and it is an awful thought that there seems to be a sort of organic unity among them, so that if a man's life be unre strained in any one of them, he may at any time fall under the slavery o: any other. As grace calls to grace, so sin calls to sin. Again, you may observe that, all through the penitential season we are approaching, the Church in her preface to the Holy Sacrifice renders solemn thanksgiving to God, as being Holy Lord, Al mighty Father, Eternal God, by bodily fast re straining vice, raising up men's minds, bestow ing and rewarding the grace of Christian virtue in bountiful measure. And thus we are re minded that the remedial and meritorious effect of fasting is guaranteed to us by the grace of God. It is His grace through the fast that com bats sin, and secures victory, and infuses sanc tity. It is no mere human discipline and philo sophy that we are recommending, but God's work in us, and by us. Think well over these considerations, Dearly Beloved, and you understand the true spirit of Lent and the importance and design of its peni tential exercises, They are besides, all of them, ? ?'' i works of satisfaction, and so, through the merits and grace of Christ, which have preceded and accompanied them, they are, in union with His infinite satisfaction, the divinely granted means of rescue from many consequences of sin. As to practice, you already perceive the neces sary conclusions ; I will indicate only one or two principles. Since we have seen that the rules of Lent are rules for the guidance of God's children, and not for the coercion of slaves, and since we know the object, and the value, of these rules of discipline ; therefore, whenever we have to deal with the general discipline ; therefore, whenever we have to deal with the general dispensations from original law, such as permission to eat flesh, on days when it was not formerly allowed, we are to use it with as little luxury and cost as may be to us possible. Secondly, the articles of food, fish or other, sub stituted for flesh, are by no means to be made vehicles for elaborate daintiness of preparation, so as to gratify to the utmost extent the sen suality of appetite. Thirdly, particular dis pensations, granted to the peculiarites or in firmity of this and thafc individual, in the mat ter of food, should be met by some adequate exchange in the other exercises of Lent, alms giving or prayer, or both ; otherwise the disci pline of Christ's Church is evaded or refused, and of course all the satisfactory nature of the good work is utterly destroyed. The catechism ot the Council of Trent teaches us, what our natural reason confirms, that, amongst the dis ciples of Christ crucified, there can be no work of satisfaction unless it have, to the simply natural feeling something of acerbity, something of pain, or humiliation, or weariness. Most of you will of course be guided by the advice of your confessors, but some will have to decide for themselves, and therefore I am Btating the principles which should determine all. Where there is little of self-denial in the Lent, there also is little of the Catholic-spirit, little spiritual discipline, little penitential satis faction and humility. III. As penitential fasting is a divinely blessed remedy and safeguard against the 'concupi- scence of the flesh,' so is alms- giving against the ' concupiscence of the eyes.' Worldly posses, sions, riches of any kind, delight the eye —the eye that is bodily or mental. They minister to vanity and hard-hearted self-complacency. It is pleasant to human vanity to dwell in fine houses, to be surrounded by handsome appoint ments of furniture, to be soothed by every material comfort, to have abundance of rich and. luxurious clothing, to have the attendance of many servants. To help us against the moral cor rosion of such mischief, we have the Christian duty, and especially the penitential Christian duty, of alms-giving. It is corrective, it is' medicinal, it is a work of satisfaction. This duty, also, like that of fasting, has a founda tion in nature, though ib is carried higher, and gifted with supernatural life and motives by our Christian faith. Nature gives us pity and compassion, the desire to help the sufferings of the poor, and infirm, and destitute ; but far beyond natural benevolent impulse the faith of Christ carries us. We are bidden to see, in the. persons of the poor, our dear Lord himself ; we are shown a glimpse of the day of judgment, and our Saviour in His great glory, lauding and wel coming the faithful, who shall have bestowed a cup of cold water on one of the least of these His brethren. What a change all this makes ; and to those who realise to themselves this truth, how the ' concupiscence of the eyes' in worldly geandeur and pomp will be abated ! Who that does realise it will go on long in lavish expendi ture on such miserable paltrinesses, when his ! money may earn for him the title to such a reward ? And ought not many who bear the name of Christians, ought not all of us, to feel our penitence also deepened at this season by recollection of many a needless, perhaps harmful, luxury, that we might, by alms-giving, have laid up in the treasury of heaven. Let us redeem then the neglectful, reckless past by abundant alms now. Every one can do it, every one can spare the cup of water in some shape or other. Scarcely any who has not some one poorer than himself ; scarcely is there one of your children who, from his little store, may not be taught, and trained in, this blessed duty. There is another form of alms-deed, Dearly Beloved, which I atn anxious to commend to your thoughts; it is that of forbearance and mercifulness on the part of creditors to their poor debtors. As in fasting you abstain from food that ordinarily you use, and have a right to use, so now abstain from the full measure of your rights when you can offer your forbearance as a penitential offering to God, as an alms done for His Son's sake to a fellow Christian, whom affliction and poverty have brought low. Let the landlord abate something of an oppressive rent ; let the capitalist wipe out from his account some of the records of accumulated interest. They will be poorer men ib is true, but they will have lighter hearts now, and a clearer prospect of that happy Easter- tide when all the penitential Lents of this earth shall have ceased, 'For alms deliverebh from death, and the same is that which purgeth away sins, and maketh to find mercjr and life everlasting. (Tobias c. xii., v. 9.) There is yet another means of increasing faci lities for the alms-giving of Lent, and it is one of the best, becaase it notably withdraws matter for the 'concupiscence of the eyes,' and is thoroughly in harmony with the spirit of the. Church. I mean abstinence from ordinary amusements and entertainments, The Church forbids the solemnization of marriage and its festivities as being inconsistent; with the time ; and the custom of good Catholics has always, with the fame instinct of propriety, discounte nanced, at this season, indulgence in family fes tivities and entertainments of friends. Public amusements and spectacles of course are not to be thought of by those who desire to feel and act with their Church. The abstinence fur nishes, by cutting off a considerable expendi ture, a richer stream of alms, and it is most desirable that what is thus spared from ordinary outlay in amusements and social entertainments should be duly calculated, and set aside. I enter into these details for two reasons; one is the very great increase of charity you would have the means of exercising ; and the other is, that you have in such a case the two-fold merifc of self-denials in money and in pleasure. Besides, this actual reckoning, and putting into your Lent purse of charity what is saved, each time that the saving occurs, has the very good effect of preventing the sour, unwilling, and Pharisaic mode of accepting the penitential exercise. No doubt the young people of your families, and perhaps some of their elders also, may be tempted to-feel a little trouble, and to be, as our Lord would nofc have them to be, sad, if they saw only the banishment of usual gai ties ; but if, with each self-denial, they see the hungry fed, the sick poor supplied with gene- ? rous food needful for the restoration of health, if they see thab they are helping the widow to clothe her children, thafc some unfortunate debtor almost in despair is lifted out of his troubles, and placed in the way of honest, industrious prosperity, then, I venture to say, you will find little unwillingness in the young to pass their Lent in Catholic fashion. Leb them see only what they are doing by their self denial, and they will follow the lead of the Church with ready generosity of heart. Faith and grace will not so much overcome, as they will raise and transform, their nature. Hera again I am but pointing to a path which you will follow yourselves in many a direction IV. Fast and alms are, as we have already said, the wings of prayer. They give it energy, and elevation, and greater acceptableness before the throne of God. In some sense then prayer is the end reached by fast and alms ; and prayer is the breath of our Christian life. And there is a happy interaction ; prayer in its turn gives ease and cheerfulness to the fast, it givea generosity to the alms. At all seasons prayer has its time, its necessity, but it is the special note of Lent. The public serrices of the Church teach this by their greater frequency, and their special characters. More than ab other times they abound in sentiments of humility, and self-abasement, and contrition, and in earnest ness of intercession. I wish you, Dearly Be loved, to observe and follow the spirit of her public services. Almost every day of the Holy season you will hear her say to you with solema emphasis, 'Humiliate capita ve3tra Deo.' Day by day, ' Humiliate capita vestra Deo,' 'bow down your heads before your God.' When you think in careful and thorough self examination, which is one of the standing duties} of Lent — when you think of some dark sin of your life, and think how litble shame, how poor a contrition you have felt, then ' bow down your head before your God.' When you re member, as it may unhappily be with some — - when you remember how often you have re lapsed into thafc dark sin, so that scarcely any '.. one but God our Saviour Himself can have any hope of you, then ' bow down your head be- ' fore your God.' When you try to count the many graces you have neglected, how many whisper ings of your Guardian Angel you have been deaf to, how many a time, with so little love, you have received the precious body and blood o£ Christ, then, and chiefly as we come to the dayss when the Church shows forth his bitter passions then ' bow down your head before your God,' and try, and pray hard, to have a truer and deeper contrition. My dear friends and chil dren, how easy ifc ought to be for us to abound in humility and prayer ! And what a view of this life would such a prayer give us. It would indeed bean effectual remedy for ' that pride of life' which St. John names as the lasb of th© elements of this world. This world's dignitieSj honour, place, fame, power, wealth, Science, — . how they shrink to their true dimensions in the esteem of those whose mental eyes are clarified and strengthened by the use of humble, peni tential, fervent, prayer, such as we are now invited to. And when you have in any good measure and earnestness obeyed, and followed9 the Church in this her guidance, you will gain power for prayer of intercession. Ifc is indeed ; to this point that 1 desire all your discipline, and self-denial, and devotion of this Lent should converge. If the prayer of faith were ever needed to save and renovate the world it is now. If Christ's disciples were ever to be the salt of the earfch, it is now that they must save it from corruption!. Let your pray ers then, Dearly Beloved, have this as their principal scope and aim — to intercede in the name, and through the passion, of our Lord6. for the safety and triumph of Hi3 Church on earth, thafc men's souls may be saved in the ark He has provided. Ifc would seem as if a. deluge, no longer of simple water, bub of infidel ity, of lawlessness, of lust and luxury, clothed with refinement, of scorn for authority, of un certainty about the truth, were about to over whelm us ; as if a time . were at hand such as that of which our Lord gave us warning and prophecy whilst He asked — ' When the Son of Man cometh shall he find, think you, faith on earth?' Pray then for the truth, for the Church, and especially for our Holy Father, the Vicar of Christ, the earthly head of the Church, with all the frequency and power you can com mand. You have already sent the dutiful aid of contributions ; do not leave him w ithout the ? constant support of your prayers and your love. He is just now the centre to which all attacks are directed. The rage of wicked spirits, the .conspiracies of lawless, .sensual men ; the luke« warmness and moral cowardice of Christians— everything is against him; everything in this world, thab is, and in the dark spiritual word of the condemned and reprobate. But God is for him, and his evenbual deliverance and triumph are certain. But how long'shall they be delayed I ' It is the hour of darkness, and the darkness is prolonged because the prayers of faithful men have not yet the strength and fervour for which Christ the Lord wait3. Do you, then, Dearly Beloved, all that you can at this season. Let ? your prayersJor the Pope be strong in faith and love, strong with the strength o£ self-denial ami all' works of charity. And let your faith be fenown and seen of all men. There is no time for human refipect, for compromise and coward ice ; every such act ia a new point in the crown of thorns. Pray then with the prayer of earn est intercession for the Church, for the Holy Father, and pray too for our own country here ; the leprosy of national infidelity is gaining upon us. We have abandoned, or are on the point of abandoning all ordinary security for the Chris tian training of children ; we have legislated against the Bacredness and indissolubility of the marriago vow. May God have mercy upon us. Let us ' lift up our eyes to the hills whence cometh our strength.' In Thee, 0 Lord, have we trusted, let us never be confounded. Amen. May the peace and blessing of God the JFather, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost 'be with you and remain with you always. JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. St. Maby's Cathedral, February 20, 1S73. 