Clje ®3®aUata0 Cimes. WvliliAliOO: WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 3, 1873. The. Blyth Ministry, whatever its short comings may be, deserves credit for haying attempted to grapple with the difficulties attending the solution of the Education Question in a manly and straightforward manner—one altogether different to the .usual trimming policy of i^South Australian Cabinet. It may be ."Chat Mr Bltth is delicately finessing by / adopting the exact policy of bis prede cessors ; but this is a matter of indifferr ence to South Australia. He, we are quite certain, would not do this but as a Biatter of policy; and to South Australia it signifies little who is the sponsor of the Bill. The Chief Secretary, it will be apparent, loses nothing by taking this line of policy. "Whether the second reading of the Bill be carried or not his Cabinet will remain ; but he* is entitled to credit for introducing the only sort of Bill that stands the ghost of a chance of passing, or that could be of any use if it were brought into 'operation. The argu ment respecting the conscience clause a* it is sometimes called, can be reduced into a nutshell. If an Education Bill is to be worth the snuff of a farthing rushlight it must be compulsory; and, if it he compulsory, it must give only secular education. The matter cannot even be left to the option of school masters or parents^ It is popularly supposed, we do not say correctly, that just as a good many Protestant teachers would think they were doing Gob's service if they instilled ProteBtant maxims into the young minds of IJoman Catholic scholars, so would some priests of the Homish Church, if they had the oppor tunity, endeavor to instil Soman Catholicism into Protestant children. "We do not say that either is the case, but we are,qu:te certain the impression exists in regard to both. Clearly, then, in a mixed community, all the State can do is to provide merely secular education. Either that or none at all; and it is matter for regret ths>,t very well-meapigg people should take, action that must mean no ^cation whatever for too large a pro= portion Of the rising generator*. "We are going to put the argument of ' the promoters of the opposition to the Government Education Bill in what we conceive to be a stronger light than they ever put it themselves. We say, as does most every person who understands English and has common sense,- that the: representation respecting the Bible being excluded from schools, whilst it may be read twenty hours out of the twenty four throughput the year, and during the whole twenty-four hours of 245 days out of 365, is simply an insnlt to the understanding of any intelligent person. It may be true that the Bible is pre cluded from being a class book in Govern ment schools during a slight portion of four months of the year; but to say it is excluded is merely a portion of the truth. It is, in fact, ian instance of the suppressio veri, which, is considered m courts of law, and by logicians, to be equivalent to direct falsehood. The -jnjh (>f this argument is that it should not be J illegal to read the Bible during the hours in which State Education is paid for. Of course the argument has only to be pushed, and it is proved an absurdity. A merchant engages six clerks, or as may be the case. We take it that if he found them reading the Bible during office iioursj instead of making entries, however pious he might be, he would protest. So with (government employes. Pious people plight take their cases if they were di^rrfjesed for reading the Bible instead of keeping the Treasury accounts; but, practically, the Bible is excluded during office hours—much longer than during the four hours per diem claimed by the G-oyernment for educational pur poses—120 days in the years—480 hours but of 8760 per annum- In the argu ment that reading the Bible should be no more illegal than reading a novel during these 480 hours, the incidence, of course, is ignored that neither children nor grown J up people can be always reading the Bible. Four hours per diem is certainly j not too much to expend on secular edu j cation, and twenty hours is, in all con j science, enough for an elaborate religious J one. But the real argument of the oppon } opponents the Sill is based upon negative pri nciples. They altogether overlook the j poiut that nine-tenths of the command 1 ments are also negative. The Hebrew j law and the commandments were, for reasons that it is needless to specify, j almost always expressed in the form j" Thou shalt not." The ten command i ments run in this vein. The upholders of the other side of the question,! base their view on the verse, Judges 5,: j 23. There it is said, " Curse ye Meroz, 1 said the angel of the Lord, curse ye lsit j terly the inhabitants thereof; because I they came not to the help of the Lord, j to the help of the Lord against the i mighty." The,, inhabitants of Meroz— I people who " took their ease in Zion,"— J were cursed1 for negative' qualities, not [ for opposition-r-in fact because they did j not act at all. So in. Mr Blyth's Bill. J It is inactive in respect to the Bible in schools. Four hours in the day during I 120 days in the 365 it may not be read, and as far as the Bill is concerned this j inaction may be continued during the j whole of the 365 days. There is, in fact, j no provision for it being read, apd there fore it is held to be excluded. In every { school throughout Australia, the parents j of children can have it read if they think j proper; but it is the negative portion oi j the Act that offends. As before,. Meroz j is cursed, not because of its absolute negation. And, no doubt, inaction may J become a positive evil. We do npt trouble J ourselves to inquire why people are abso 1 lutely prohibited from swearing at all, j should be expected to curse Meroy; but j we can scarcely refrain from recollecting J that there is much sound sense in the j motto of the Preacher. There is a time } for everything—a time to laugh and dance, as well as mourn and weep. It is | simply absurd to say that because there | is a time for laughing and dancing, there j is none for weeping and mourning. Be j cause there is a time for secular educa I tion, it cannot follow there is not time j for religious instruction. j The Chief-Secretary moved the second I reading of the. Bill, in a carefully pre pared speech on tbe 28th ult. We quite ] agree with himthat this religious diffi I culfcy is one that must entirely disappear I as soon as schools are opened. It is as we have frequently said, merely a bug bear—a sort of phantom light or "will of the wisp." An Education system that, does not provide for children being edu cated would be a disgrace to savages. In fact, there are plenty of inhabitants of savage countries who have marvelled that there should be found countries, where European civilization abtains, but where there is no provision in law making if compulsory that every child should be educated to a certain standard. The ChiefrSeeretary, we perceive with plea sure, takes a firm, stand on this point. Interference, with the compulsory clause of the Bill, which can only give seculai* education, will be regarded as fatal. This is exactly the way in which we have be. fore put it. The people who oppose secular education only during a minimum portion of the day, do so at the risk of allowing thousands of children to grow up uneducated altogether. On the one j hand they can have as much religious education afforded as they can desire; on the other they can assist in breeding re cruits for the hangman, the gaols, and the stockades. There is, whether they are willing to adm.it it or not, a very ser ious onus resting, on the leaders of this opposition. Possibly they may, in some instances, prefer' that children should grow up ignorant, unlearned, and perhaps criminal, as at the present time; but we hope that the common sense of the com munity will, recoil at any such action. The actual fact of the case is, we take it, that instead of the clauses of the Act being pruned down, they want making broader. Not only children require teaching, but also a goodly number of their parents. The Atlantic cable of 1865 has been picked up in a sound condition. The directors of the "Kadina and "Wallaroo Railway Co. have declared a dividend of 15s per share for the quarter. The President pf the Marine Board, has gone to the other colonies to try and purchase a stear *mer in place of the wrecked schooner Flinders. A LAB.GE number of officers in the "British-"Go- ' vernment service have volunteered to serve in ihfl A&hantee; warfare. The number employed will'be j limited. J The nomination for the district of Encounter j Bay will take place on September 5. The elec- ] tion will take place on the 10th ; and the return of writ is to take place on the 15th. The latest European telegrams report the copper market firmer. Wallaroo copper is re ported from £93 to £94 per ton. Last week's quotations were £91. The Gy mna-Dramatic Club (our Kadina cor respondent writes) h,as a very tempting bill for to night, and if the entertainment is as successfully carried out as the last, we promise ourselves a very pleasant evening. A MAN named John Peterson shot himself at Kapunda last week, putting the muzzle of the gun in his mouth. A verdict of aberration of in tellect was returned^by the Jury at the inquest held on his remains. Anew steam yacht, for the use of the Port Ade laide Harbor-master, and for other purposes, hat been launched from the Government yards. She is over forty feet in length and is considered a fine ! boat. At a meeting of residents on the Troubridge Area it was resolved that Free Immigration would be detrimental to the colony. A memorial ex pressing this will be signed and forwarded to Par liament, The foundation stone of the new Anglican. I Church, at Moonta, will be laid by His Excellency the Governor, on Thursday the 11th insfc, Subse quently there is to be a tea meeting and a musi cal entertainment. Messrs Elder Smith and Co. have received a telegram advising them of the total loss of the R. J. Robertson with a cargo of tea for Adeli&Je.; Messrs Elder and Co. at once telegraphed dispatch of another tea ship. 1 , MS." George Byng Scott, Special Magistrate it Robe, has accepted, the position of Government Resident at the Northern Territory. Mr Scott has been in the colony twenty-seven years and the major portion of this time has been spent in the employ of the Government. Wb perceive by a Parliamentary return that the road to Blannum, parallel to which a railroad has been clamored for has only cost £179)321. No wonder that there has been no money for Peninsula requirements whilst such extravagance has been in progress. Eueopean telegrams state that the skilful forgers who, with some confederates, defrauded the Bank of England, and some eminent London Banking Hpuses, of large sums of money, 'have , been found guilty, and sentenced to penal servi tude for life. As yet some of the party, an^at arge. : The Chief-Secretary hi>s introduced a; BiU-fftf the Preservation of the Public Health. The Bi"\ is intended to deal with noxious trades aud nui sances generally. It wi" apply a'l over the colony, so, whether there be a Corporation it Wallaroo, or not, there is a probability of some sort of sanitary rule being brought to bear. Ore was' cat on Thursday last at the M'd Moonta Mine, on the lode which we described in our last as lookingvery keenly and trending straight into the Yelta property. The result was consider able excitement in the share market. The orey portion of the lode is small, but it is expected to "improve in depth. RefebkiiCE to our advertising columns will show that an entertainment will be given this evening, by the Kadina Gy in the Oddfellows' Hall, adjoining the Wombat Hotel. The comedy "Handy Andy" will .W given, and also the farce " Nursery Cb'ckweed." There will also be a musical interlude. _ , r. A Bill has been introduced by the 0i|e^-s. | Secretary -for the purpose of reducing the postage , on town letters and other matters. Certainly some ingenuity is required to understand why towns people, who have their letters delivered to them several times per diem, should pay a less postage fee than country people who have to send for or fetch their letters whenever they are wanted. Wb would'direct attention to "the notice ap* pearing in our business coluinnB whereby it will be aeen that the Rev. W. Davidson, of Wallaroo, will lecture on Thursday evening on behalf of the In- j statute funds at Port Wallaroo. The subject of the rev. gentleman's Lecture, will be "The Dignity of Labor " aud there will be music, at 'u- J tervala, rendered by able amateurs. j A letter has been received from His Excel lency the Governor, expressing his re%»*et that be J will only be enabled to stay one day in Kail'ua. We believe he will arrive there on Tuesday evening, and goon Thursday moroiag to Moonta. The committee have determined to have a luncheon on the ground, instead of a banquet, and we are informed the £?'»• sex will grace the festive board. A small company of speculators at Port Wallaroo recently took out some sections at Tickara, intending to test their value as mineral property. The results so far have been satis factory. The lode being oosteened upon shows mica, steatite, ratten spar, and iron, and a few specs of green ore have been brought up. Such a property near to either the WaHaroo or Moonta Minna would command very considerable atten tion. A deputation, waited on the Chief-Secretary on Friday last, to complain o{ the shocking a,nd; opeji immorality existing in that holy and fariu-' aceous city of Adelaide. The various speakers! on the occasion were able to teU of a disgraceful state of things that is probably unparalleled in any town throughout the British Eo.pire. Private j information that reaches us, is to the effect that the speakers were guilty of no exaggeration.1 The Chief-Secretary promised to direct the attention of the Police to the matter. The diggers at Barossa are agitating for Go vernment money to make roads with. We say nothing about the justness of their claim, but we cannot do other than contrast (he Peninsula, with its one million's worth of exports per annum, its 20,000 population, all without one yard of road made at the Government expense, with the goldfield. There but a handful of diggers is to be found; here the peoplejare to be counted by the thousand. But for all this Barossa stands an infinitely better chance of getting its roads made than does this district. These is, as we liave frequently asserted, a strong demand for land on the Peninsula. Re cently, at a land sale, sections in the Hundred of Maitland, south of Moonta, fetched a long prico. A resident of Wallaroo, who recently visited the Hundred, tells us that many thousand acres would be selected if the Government would but offer facilities. This only accords with our previous information. .There are numbers of farmers in Wallaroo who would be only too glad to take up selections if there was an offer in the market. ! A M£ETjif& of members of the Poit Wallaroo ' Cricket Club took place on Monday evening, at the Ship Inn, when a new committee was ap> pointed consisting of Messrs. Walkley, Hedge, Ireland, Pinkstone and Beaton. The Rev. C. G. Taplin was appointed captain and Mr E. H.Ward, secretaiy. A cordial vote of thanks to Mr W. Duncan, for his magnificent present to the Club of a complete set of cricketing gear, was unani mously accorded. It was resolved to accept the challenge of the Wallaroo Mines Club, the match to take place this day, at Port Wallaroo. After1 the game the mine players will be the guoBta of the Wallaroo Club at the Ship Inn. What is going to happen ? The Guardian of the 29th and 30th ult—all one paper we remark | —say6 that besides the announcement of the resig nation of Mr Reynolds it " is not unlikely that we shall shortly have etill another vacancy to an nounce, which will have a more peculiar interest for the electors of the Light. Should 6uch a con tingency occur, there is likely to be an abundant crop of candidates for the place." Little doubt about the abundance of candidates! So long as it be an understood thing that an utterly unsuit able man can become a successful candidate for a Government Wardenship, or something of the sort, there will be no lack of members. Perhaps it is as well they should be paid on the Estimates, as without their names appearing. At the open air meeting, on the Moonta Mines, on Saturday, convened to consider the Education Question, there was an attendance estimated .at frotu 700 to 1000 persons; Capt. Hancock presided. The 1st resolution was moved by Mr Derrington, as follows :—'• That this meeting declares its ad- hesion to the general principles of the Education Act as read for the first time in the House of As- sembly, and expresses its gratitude and approval of such provisions as are made for the free and compulsory education of the people." This was seconded and carried; after which Captain Deeble moved the second resolution that—" This meeting while it welcomes the Education Bill as a National boon, expresses its strongest conviction that in any general Education Act for the colony, while religious or sectarian teaching should be prohi- bited, the privilege of reading the Bible during school hours should be unembarrassed or deter- mined by the conviction of majorities of parents sending their children to such school." This was carried and Mr Rossiter moved the third propo- sition—" That this meeting affirms its belief that the prosperity of Great Britain and its depend- eacies is largely owing to the recognition of the Bible as the basis of its constitution, its govern- ment, its educational systems, and its public acts; and that the banishment of the Holy Scriptures from the State Schools of this colony, whilst not a concession to any popular demand, is unneces- sary, and would be inconsistent with our position as a professedly God-fearing nation." After this had been seconded and carried, proceedings, were brought to a close. Considerable interest attaches to the question, What is the real state of things in respect to the South Australian exhibits at the London and Vienna Exhibitions. Mr Bower, recently of Wal laroo, writes to us that he was considerably disap pointed with the Show made at Vienna by South Australia. But then, we have since learned that he was at Vienna prior to the arrival of the South Australian portion of the Show. Then, again, Mr Strangways has severely criticised the South Australian Court in the London Exhibition. Some of his criticisms we know to be unju&t.; Every mineral collection forwarded from the Pe ninsula was seen by us, as also were the photo graphs, descriptive cards, &xs.;, annexed. Of the minerals we shall wait to see what the judges say; but, respecting the photographs, &c.;, we claim to be just as well able to judge as Mr Strangways, who never saw the place from whence the views were taken. Not having seen the ori ginal views he would be certain, as would be almost everybody, npt to be charmed with the view of an engine shaft, with the debris around. A more uninteresting photograph to one who knows nothing of mining it would "be difficult to conceive of. But the fact that Australia secured 139 medals at the Vienna Exhibition is startling evidence that something must have been exhibited worthy, in the opinion of judges, of note. The European Mail decidedly awards the palm to South Australia ; so the probability is, looking at the mixed evidence before us, that the colony has done fairlv. In the Register's special report of the South Australian exhibits at the Vienna exhi bition, the minerals from Yo<'ke's Peniusu'aare not considered even worthy of note, not a single 'ine being devoted in allusion to them. Onr contem porary, we observe, criticises the Agent-General's report. It had better take the beam out of its ' : own eye, before it touches upon the mote in M<* Dutton'a. 