I PROPOSKD SANITARY ASSOCIATION, A MEETING of a few gentlemen was held ye»terda; afternoon, at tho Oooidental Hotel, Wynyard eqaare to hear Mr. J. O. Lyon» (a pupil of the late ' Michae faraday, D.U.L., F.R.S.) make a statement and pre posai to take the preliminary steps to forma sanitär; association. Mr. Lyons, on opening tho meeting said I hive vonturod to 0*11 this meeting became I thin! I can offer something new In natural soience, ai a dis corory for assisting oar endeavour to sttoure us fron tho ravagos or inroads of disease. I behove it to bi deserving of fair treatment, and on Its merits. It »roi Ltobig said, that the man or chemist, who should dis oovtr a good and cheap disinfectant, such as everj man, woman, or child could use, and which was non poisonous or dangerous In use, would not only onfei a great boon to society, bat that he would bo entitlec to tho b'ghost honours from his fellow-men Kow, 1 am going to show I have made such a discovery, and i more extended exporienoo proves its Impórtanos. ! have thought right to patent it ; but lost the presen meetiog should.think I want to monopolise itsnso, I wil at onca declare my earnest sincerity by giving up anj claim or emolument from its uso for twelve months my only objeot being to meet a pabilo question of thi day in m publia spirit. With these (ew remarks, ! shall ark your indulgence for anything I may no rendor' sufficiently olear to the understanding but I shall be happy to do so by answer lng any questions nt the propur time Tao following observations are founded on the ac tua resulta of personal experiment and dally experlenci extondlng over a tenn of years. As tho Inventor o; the system I havo made it a study and a business peculiarly my own, and it is now suggested as th« only practicable plan for tho thorough cleansing ol the sonera by a »elf-aotlng *ystout,with but trifling alter ntlon, by means of the present water- oloseta in us< being made the simple vehicle for effecting a cusin seating and defecating process which sholl ensure thi following conditions : 1. Tho immodiato deodorise tion ana concentration of fool gases ia the draina and sewers, thu rendering innocuous snob, offensive matters. 2. Tho defecation of tho sewage matters, whereby the solid ure separated.from the liquid con atl'v.-mtsj and thu rendored available as a fortllisoi sufficiently to represent 10s for every ton removed, besides the important fact that from tho day this change shall be effected will dato tho cessation of two great nut««BOO»-th? pollurton, pf tho bay cr bays around Sydney, and the gradual silting up of .the harbours. 3\. Toe self-supporting feature of . the . proposed system over any other plan which renders it neither an inoumbranoo to tho citato, or a trying Incubus on tho rate-paying capacity of the oitlzen. These three things are quite manageable in a olty like Sydney, with proper mechanical appliances oon I nooted with, the outlets of eaoh main sewer and «uoh other mattera of engineering details for economically working off the ' refuio, not unlike the plan pursued in extensive factories whoro largo filter tanks are employed, capablo of filtering from one to ten thousand gs lions a minute ; but, of oourse, I do not, with such a limited amount of capital as we propose to commença with, recommend doing more than sufficient to make a suooosalul start. I think, with all duo deference to tho projectors of other schemes, that tho one now under your notioe will bo found ouflioloutly useful, and oheaply worked; and capablo of 1-xtemlou at lar leas expenso in first coat than any other that can ba adopted, all things considered. ' The foot ii>, it is " everybody's bush ess to do what nobody will undertake." That ls our position, and with these preliminary remarks, I shall proceed to unfold my soborno ; but first I shall ask, as a nooessary stop, that if we, os citizens, consider that neither the Corporation of the oity nor the Government aro prepared to take tho Initiative in tuon a work as this-a work upon whloh depends everything as regards tho publio hialtb, and whloh calls for immediate action nt all times, and in t. IL plaoer, demanding, si it does, a staff of officers and latoutera peculiarly Its own. separate from any o'her business or departmental control-then, ia order to seoure that position, I would proposo that tho Government on the one hand, and the Corporation on the other, consent to aid and assist the citizens tn their efforts to form an association on purely sanitary principles, to be called the "Sanitary Association-of Syd coy," which shall oom prise all ratepayers, boute and propeny ownera, who shall oontribate a fund, to which the Government will, on being ask:d, contribute a pro reta sharo. Say LIO.OUO from theie joint sources to bo the oaplul for the first year's start ; and then If, at the end of that time-, the assooiated citizen», through their officers and managing direotors, should sucoeod in bringing about tho ùesired sanitary reform* under the system thus briefly sketched ont, then it shall be optional to hand lt over either to the Government as tht, ohief custodian of tho publia health, or to the Co poration as tho proper representative institution of tho city of Sydney. I think that tho present machinery can be workod to greater advantages thou ia now the sue, and that the nightsoll or sewerage question must be workod ont ai a separate nuisance, having pooullari tics altogether diff«ro»t from those other nulsanoes which oome more directly under pol ico sapor vii ion. Under this Bystem thoro wi 1 be no potty jealousies of oflloeraor official lnteiforenoes of any kind, and the members who constitute the association will become so many "health officers," whloh would be tho best guaranty for scouring tho publio health ; and tho gene- ral cleanliness of tho olty, would at onoo become a sterling reality Instead of, as at present, a fine lady with hundsomd exterior, covering a multitude of sins. Whilst asking the citizens to tax themselves to the extent of lil eaoh per annum, for twelve months only it is only for a first atart-as I believe, after that, I will »bow to.' your satisfaction the system will then boeomo self-supporting ; whilst our, poorer neighbtuts will be very muon benefited, both in health «nd morals, In haviog their nooks and corners properly dlslnfeoted, - and all nulsanoes removed, which being a pretty extensive portion of tho work to be dono, will be a fair remune- ration for any subsidy given by tho Government. Wo will now supposa that tho association has started, and that its funds amount to L10,000, and that tho oon trol ot the olty sewora and cesspools, and also those of the townships immediately contiguous to the city, eira given over to the proposed no* order of things. That being so, I shall endeavour to show what can bo done ; aud I shall first premise, before giving a debtor and creditor acoount, that the working staff of' the I association will consist of fifty labourers, five carters, five inspeotors, two colieotoia, one secretary, one I manager, ono inglnoer, and fivo directors. 1 shall endeavour to show that, working In combination with tba present oontraot system of "nightman,", wo shall j bo aldo to got through the work. I oannot, however, inoludo in thia estimate repair» and other incidental1 charges for laying on new mains to meet increasing wanta. l am assuming to tako tho thing as it stands ; that wo can .show such a balance-shoot at tho end of twolvo months as shall entitle tho system (whloh we ask to bo put on tts trial) to bs recognised aa ono of tho be»t and cheapest for securing thu publia health at tho least cost to the country, If not, as we opine it will bo, a self- romunerativo ono. Tho working details, of courin, I leam to a committeo of management. Tho duties will, almost in every case, bo new to the hands employed ; thoroforo thu woik will be botter and ohoapor Jon« towards the half-year than at the oommoeoemont of tho nudurtnklng; but thl», sis In nil matters of administrativo ability, will depend much upon " patting tho right mau In the right pluoB." Tho groat difficulty which has been oxperlonaed in bunging largo sobornes Ilka tho ono under consider- ation into effcotlvo working regulation« has been the want of unanimity amongst tho member« of tho coipcrntcd bodies themselves, and ben co many schemes havo failed to be satisfactorily worked out. The sewage question to thom appeared under so many different uepeols, that thoy havo como to the conclusión, that ibu qu'iitlon Is too profound tobo settled amongst themselves, and, t hoi of me, lt ÍB dlroctly referred to tho Govoruu-ent. At this juncture wo step in, and clftr to ¡removo a huço difficulty. Another-very gérions drawback to luootts has boeu tho nbienoo or the want of a suffiolently cheap and effective process, whloh, whilst destroying alt unpleasant effluvia, should not otéate other naUitnoes In their placo. Besides, all oheinioal preparations, as usually sold through effective , ageuts in a small way, are ss forbidden fruit, from their great cost, when used largely-unless we except such disinfectants aa lime. Itiatiue that the appli- cation of this substance effectually kills all bad effluvia, .but it also kills the organic structure, and deteriorates it as a fertiliser. In tho oas» of the Phos- phate Sowago Company of London, a natural deposit of phosphate of alumina was disoovered, and scoured under letters patent ; and this formed the basis of operations, beoausa the resulting ref ruo- became increased In value aa a manure-a very important con- sidération in working out a success. I have appended tho particulars for tho Information of tho carious, and by way of comparison with our own soheaio substi- tute ohloro-alkallno for phosphate, and we have identi- cally tho same Bohaino presented in another, and I think more preferable form. You will by this perceive that we only propose by thia means to .perform here what has already been effeoted in London, Bio de Janeiro, . and other plaoos. < Perhaps I may simply state that the nlghtsoil, by whit evrr means you employ, must be chemically changed without deterioration to lt as a manure b fore it oan be applied to the soil with safety. We havo the authority of Dr. Cobb -ld, in a a pamphlet addressed to the associated .health officers of England, ata moot log of that body, " that sewage, applied in a fresh state to the lind, oreates millions of parasitical ova, which, being distributed by irrigation through the vegetation, enter the bodies of animals, and renders them unfit for human food." At this momenta great controversy is going on In London, owing to a virulent outbreak of typhoid fever In Marylebone, "whloh has been traced to tho supply of mi k from a dairy, where the cows from which the milk was obtained had been ?razing upon grass oulilvatod under sewage Irrigation." have no opinion to offer, but I think our Intelligence will be better satisfied if we felt assured that no para- sitical ova can possibly exist in nightsoil, treated with the ohloro-alkalino process; as by lt, nightsoil loses its original character and becomes changed into phosphates, chloridos. sulphates, nitrogen, and Balts of ammonia and iron, all valuable fertilisers, whloh oan bn applied to tho most auoaulont vegetable without in- jury or offenoo to tho most refined sentimental- ism. Beproductlve force from ohemlcal action li always going on in nature, and therefore it ls, that in the. treatment of the removal of nuisances for the. preservation of tho public health, that we biing about those changes effected by disinfootlon and defecation : and by a combination of natural laws, mako tho one profitably subservient to the other. Lutly, I would observe that the tendency of all good government, and of the times we live in, is to make all undertakings of this publio character of a self-remnnorstivo kind; and in this view I particu- larly submit my soborno, with every oonfidencj, to the impartial consideration .of my follow-jubjoots ; and more particularly to snob, as thoto who have heard my vlows, and who will join me In throwing tho first stone, to hurl down an ovil which, at any moment, may. become a "Golgotha," past euro or remedy. In conclusion, Mr. Lyons illustrated tho value of the patent Ohloro-Alkaline Doodlser and Disinfectant, by experimenting on a piooo ot decomposed raw meat. Tho meat was placed in a glass battle, and tho dis- infecting fluid poured ou lt. When fivo minutos had elapsed, tho meat bcoamo slightly blanched, and no being taken out and washed, very little of thoofftnslve odour coming from putrid meat was perceptible to the olfactory organs. Mr. Lyons statod that the object principally sought after in the disinfection of excreta wero threefold : Firstly, a sanitary reform ; secondly, eoonomy in the coat and labour of tho material em- ployed ; and, lastly, that tho decomposing material Bhall not bo injured by the matorial used for disin- fection, and can afterwards bo used as a manuro, thus rendering reproductive trh&t; would have been a source of dfsoaao, Injury, and waste. Mr. Lyona explained that lt la found in a natural atato near Geelong, and it contains per cent, of ohlorlno in the form - of per ehlorldo of iron, combined with alumina. . The effects in killing the most off onslvo odours aro magical, and lt has no smell. ' Owing to the paucity of attendance, from the meet- ing not being sufficiently advertised, it was proposed and resolved that a publio meeting should be held early next week, for the purpose of prominently plsolng tho matter before tho public for consideration. 