Household Recipes. T0MAT09 STEWED-Arrange them in a single Iayor and pour to them HS much gravy ns will reach to half thoir height ; stew thom very softly until the under sides aro done, then turn, aud fiuish stewing them. Thicken tho gravy with a little arrowroot and cream, or with flour and butter, and serve it round them. TRANSPARENT PODDING.-Put into a saucepan ¿lb of fresh butter, the same quantity of pounded loaf sugar, and eight woll-beatoa eggs ; stir it over the fire till of tho thickness of buttered eggs, put it into a basin to cool, and mix with it a teaspoonful of grated nutmeg ; bake it in a dish lined with puff pasto Bo foro Bervlng, grate loaf sugar over tho top : butr.er. Jib ; Bugar, iib ; eggs, 8 ; grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoonful. TREACLE BKKR. -1 ake a pound and a-half ot hops, and boil in thirty-six gallons of water for an hour ; thon add l llb of treacle, and a little yeast, to work it ; ferment, aud bottle. GOOD YEAST AND ÍWEET BREAD.-You cannot mako good bteid with poor yeast. To have good yeast in hot »eather, it must bo made uew very often, audit must be kopt very cool after it is mndo. A good bread maker of my acquaintance keeps tho ypast cakes, that ono cnn buy in package* at Huy grocery, in her house just for making frosh ycaBt overy timo. Those yeuBr,. casos a-o swoet but aro hardly lively enough generully to uso directly in the bread-making. 1 hey servo well for making yeast -ouo cake for about threo pints of yoast, which is enough for most families to make each time. Baker's yeast is often nour, though lively. No ono can make sweot broad with s .ur yoast, unless sugtr is added No ; soda never Bwoetens anything. Alkalies neutralise aoids but they cm only do that. They never make sour things sweet. If your bread has turned sour from too long standing, you eau do away with that ionrupss by a judicious uso of alkali j but tho sugur that was once uaturully iu tho dough had all departed beforo tho broad was really sour. If I am so uufortu nate as to have to use >>oda iu inj bread, I put iu atablo »puonful of sugar with it whon I go to knead it.-F. liOCIIESTER. A Btory U told of a youthful member of thu bar at St. Albans, who plunged into a (¡low i ti g exordium in present ing his cano, iu which hu declared that ''when wo took back upon thu uutrodden paths'of tho future, wo behold tho footprints of an Almighty hand." "lt's a doap-r't thiug," said old Joo Sniykcrs, "a desp-r't thing, that aro young couplu, who'vo boon billin1 and coom' and makin' oyes at ouu another for a month, havo now gone to thu minister and ^ot a permit to eoe if they can't keep it up for a lifutimo." A ghost who hud bren disturbing pcoploin Pittsburg, , was warned in tho papers that hu was known lind would ROO trouble if ho didn't make hiimoif scarce. Ho hain't boon soon BÍIICO ; which BIIOWB how closely ghosts ktop I tho run of tho pupors. I 