PUNCH'S PARLIAMENTARY SPIRIT. s\ R. Deas Thomson gave notice in the Council, on Wednesday , /If December 10, that he intended to turn Mr. Innes out of the / / / J house at the end of the week. / / / / Mr. Jacob appears to object to dogs. Esau was a hunter : If/ Mr. Punch presumes that Esau liked dogs— whether "mastiff, greyhound, mongrel grim, hound or spaniel, brach or lym ; or bobtail like or trundle tail hence Jacob's objection to the animals ; for, as everybody knows, Jacob and Esau didn't get on particularly well together after that little arrangement about the boiled beans and the birthright. Jacob, on Wed nesday night, proved that he had been " nursing his wrath to keep it warm," by asking Mr. Parkes (between whom and Esau, by the way, there are certain points of resem blance) for a return of the towns under the Dogs' Regis tration Act. Mr. Parkes then, in answer to a very benevolent inquiry from Mr. R. B. Smith, said that a number of poor old ladies in the Benevolent Asylum might possibly have suffered from a temporary prostration of the nervous system, if the ceiling of one of the rooms in the asylum had happened to fall exactly upon their respective bumps of veneration. But, as the ven erable old parties were not in the room at the time when the avalanche took (dace, no particular damage was done. Mr. Buchanan tried to raise Mr. Tebbutt's ghost, and with that intention endeavoured to ask one or two questions. The Speaker spoke, and objected to the questions. Mr. Buchanan intimated that the occupant of the chair was a Nero, a Phalaris, a Sylla, a William Rufus — -a combination, in short, of all the bloodthirsty, domineering tyrants, whose misdeeds were chronicled in Magnall's Questions and in Pin- nock. Mr. Parkes appealed to the House on behalf of the chair. " Loud chairs " were hurled at the honorable member from the cross-benches. Mr. Buchanan then put his ques tions in another form; but could not get an answer. The bon. member has since, Mr. Punch believes, retired to a country seat purchased for him at Coventry (England) by bis Parliamentarv frip.uds Mr. Macleay asked when the boys were going home for the Christmas Holidays. Mr. Parkes gave them leave to run away as soon as they liked. Then the House went into Committee of the "Hole," and dug away at the Mining Bill. After prospecting, puddling, reefing, washing, stoping, surfacing, and doing a great many other things quite unintelligible to the general public, the House got out of the hole, and struck a lead on the " Homeward Bound " reef. Thursday , December 11.— Mr. Parkes, in answer to Mr. Stewart, said that Mr. Loder had discharged himself and gone off from the Commission of the Peace. A supersedeas had been issued. Mr. Stewart might take the responsibility of the super-seedy-ass upon himself, if he liked. Mr. Stewart was also informed that the Presbyterian School at Bathurst had not been converted into a Public, and that the inhabitants of Jamberoo, so far from (be)rueing the jam caused in Jamberoo by the increase in the number of the rising generation, were actually rejoicing in the squash, because it would enable them to have a Public School there. Mr. Macleay moved for a return showing— 1. The number of Civil Service clerks who had been examined in their ABC by the Minister for Justice. 2. The number who went through theirA B C, without leaving out their H's, winking their I's, taking their E's, blowing their own O'ses, eating P's with a knife and without any sufficient XQ's, drinking their T, pocketing a V, or punching the examiner's Z. 3. How many are there in the Service who don't pay any attention to their P's and Q's ? The Mining Bill tumbled down upon the House again, and smothered the hon. members in its details. Friday, December 12. Mr. Sutherland said that Supreme Court and District Court Judges didn't pay for their railway tickets when travelling on circuit ; they were not expected to pay Court fees and costs out of their own pockets ; nor to keep the Court- house in repair at their own expense. Sandwiches, brandy cocktails, oysters, and other necessaries, were qot supplied them gratis. Mr. Buchanan gave the Government a hint that he intended to remove from Coventry to Gladesville. He made anxious inquiries about the treatment of the lunatics there. Upon being informed by the Colonial Secretary that their time was passed in dusting, window cleaning, and other light and agreeable pastimes, he burst into tears, and resumed his seat. Mr. Lloyd stated that only one tide-waiter had been appointed by the Government lately ; but that several members had appointed themselves to that important office on their own account. He might instance Messrs. Robertson and Forster ; they were evidently waiting for the turn of the tide. They were also waiting for the overturn of the tied ; i.e., of the Ministers, who seemed to have fastened themselves pretty tight in their offices. In answer to other questions, Ministers stated that fish were being "hoist with their own petard," i.e, torpedoes were being blown up by torpedoes ; that the drainage from the Mint, so far from being deleterious, was, on the contrary, highly aromatic, and redolent of thyme and mint ; that a wooden shaft had fallen into the apron of the weir at Randwick, and had been contaminated by street sweepings and that a by-wash was in a similar predicament ; that a nurse at the Infirmary had resigned her situation ; and that a cook in George-street and a housemaid in London had done the same ; lastly, that the Circular Quay would be made "all square." The Report on the "Tobacco Racket " (Jack Robertson's) rolled into the House with "a peculiar odour and a melodious twang." More petitions from the cabbies ; but none from the cab-loving Driver, or the 'bus-haunting Brown, this time. Mr. Punch, how ever, exhibits them up above, as they would have looked (and as they did look when in charge of their friend the Driver), if they had presented a petition. The Bill itself was put off to Friday, 16th January ; so the drivers have the whole of the Christmas holidays to make hay in ; and the sun seems inclined to shine steadily enough just at present. The Triennial Parliament Bill was passed, and sent up to the Legislative Council, to the intense delight of the obstreperous David. Parkes, Jack Robertson, Buchanan, Foster, Stewart, all voted together, like a band of brothers. Tuesday, December 16. — Thermometer about 100 in the shade. Several infatuated members went up to the House. They saw Baker coming. Thoughts of "oven" rose. They all rushed off and plunged into iced baths. Several awful accidents happened. Parkes was drowned in perspiration. An inquest will be held at the next lections. Foster boiled over with rage. Macleay was steaming like a railway engine. Lucas looked like a volcano : streams of lava ran down his mountainous cheeks. Buchanan stopped at home and went off in spontaneous combustion. Garrett also stopped at home and bathed in gin-sling. I myself M.S.S. left unfinished. Our unfortunate reporter was here bowled over, late last night, by a terrific sunstroke. His body was discovered this morning, beneath a gas-lamp. An empty bottle, from which the cork had evidently been recently discharged, lay on one side. On the other was a pocket-pistol, also empty. — Note by Air. Punch. 