Will pfJfliBlecm m. {.Rwn h'Orire) ?? lv the letter pan ot juecemDor, intz, tne fimperpr, feeling an aggravation of the symptoms of. tie disuse which was so soan to prove fatal, and indulging so illusory hopBS of the ultimate success of the operation which his physicians had declared to be indispensable, was anxious, before resigning' himself to their care, to express in writing his lnst will and testament. The will of the Emperor Napoleon HI. ia drawn in two very distinct -parts. The statesman, tbe Sovereign, the dynastic chief, speaks in fto one ; in the other, the private gentleman, the father, tlio friend. Motives ot propriety, wnicnit is useless 10 dwell npon will not allow of our publishing— at least, at present— the will of the private gentleman. Tbe legacies and beqaeste with which the dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest -the public in a point of view of morbid enriosity which it would scarcely be proper to gratify at the present moment. Pnt'the political will is a different thing altogether. This, from the hour«f its author's death, belongs to history- I* forms part of the immediate inheritance of th-* present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed that this will is bniit up of a series of notes, thoughts, reflections, prpvisiouB.remcmtiranceB, written in meditative mood,' during the tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when the Emperor saw rising before nim t^e probability of an imiien'ling catastrophe, he rested satisfied with the compilation of these notes, to which he was hardly aware that he was giving the last touch. This is the document we speak of, and which we print without reflecting or commenting oh : — ' In the name of the Very Holv Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. ' Made aware by unheard of misfortune of the uncer tainty of worldly concerns at an ago when it may please Divine Providence, after bo many cruel trials, to with draw me from this life before I have been able ' personally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of accomplishing. I owe it to the honour of my name, to | my responsibility before history, to the future of my | race, to bequeath to my sod, with my paternal embrace 1 and my ardent aspirations, such instructions as may frnide his conduct, -in the tope thnt Heaven, soothed by the overwhelming catastrophes which have fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him is his endea vours to reinvest his country with its past glory, pros perity, and grandeur. 'Weighed down by the most unmerited and most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, the care of my justifi cation. ' During the twenty years that I was called ur»on by the national will to manage the affairs of Franco I have reigned independently of any care with regard to dynas tic interests or personal eatisf action. I feel the legiti mate pride of being able to declare that I have brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity, influ ence, and eclat that it has ever been given to any monarchy of tho_ past to enjoy. While maintaining order in the interior, and opposing an iron hand to the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to tear on the moral, political, and social emancipation of thn labonrer, Tjnder no other regime has the workman been in a more prosper ous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and satis factory way. ' ' ' J? ^withstanding the renown of military glory which attached to the founder of my race, I had dreamed I had desired te exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratic and soouil emancipation ; and when, at the opeaing of my career as a sovereign I said at Bordeaux that ? the Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and to the world. ' But next to tbe aspirations of my heart were the duties of the monarch, and when I was induced to draw the sword, it was never for any other motive than to defend, to affi/m, or protect the interests or the honour ; ef France. In Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochm China, in Asia-Minor, the triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of the country. j ' At the time of life when I am penning these lines in tha expectation of soon appearing before God, who will iudge me, I refrain to s«t myself up as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the recommendation of ultimately malting such use of them as the honour of my name and his own may require, the complete series of documents which will show that, in respect to the Mexican expedition, interrupted by impericus motives , of international right, and also to that last and fatal ] war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view the honour and interests of the country who for tie third time in the space of twenty years had by a signal vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. ' History will explain how a series of fatal and un foreseen misfortunes, inevitable casualties, improvident advises, disappointed provisions, improbable results, ended in the failure of the most generous effort ever attempted to affirm the prerogatives and predominance of France. ' An unmentionable crime has complicated the catas trophe, and while at Pcdan I jnopnrdifed my persoaal safety to secure that of isy avmy, and to conclude a necessary peace, in Paris brainless demagogues were working the ruin of France by affording to the con quering enemy the spectacle 0 f a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. ''A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when Fraoce will know the truth on all the 'facts and many other topics which have been distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and on that day France, after undergoing so many - trials, will recall to miad the twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the reign of Napo lcoq. The instincts of the people arc monarchical, and no monarchy can reinstate France ifi a safer position than the conqueror of Austerlitz. ' If Providence deems my mission accomplished, and' bequeaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of reparation, under the guidance of his excellent, mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, I advise him to revert to the principles which inspired my acts at the beginning of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. ' Europe has been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of the latter years, and France may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my eon must not be one of reprisal;, but one of reparatiOB. Peace within -ind without. And should the necessity of upholding the naiiouftl kononr compel him to draw the itwori, let him rely withont fear on ibe courage of the French array, too accus tomed to see victory crown its efforl-riuider the Im perial«ag3c to remain bowed down -under the influence of atemporary disaster. ??';'??'? ? ?'' 'Let him, at home especially, upplyiiimself to de veloping the welfare of the working classes. Let him beware of the enticement held out by certain pretended liberal doctrines, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. ' Let him sfee that respect is shown to the legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute the basis of all social order. In awarding a necesscr/ share in the management of public affairs to the free debates of the tribune and the press, let him protect the country against the excesses of those discussions which prove such frnitfnl sources of barren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order— order upheld in the interest of all and everyone. 'The experiment of the last events has shown that nations 'are seldom grateful. France, who had done everything fer the enfranchisement of other countries, found herself deserted at a time of tnp'cme ncostit'. International alliances should be rounded on the interests, on the hope', and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to lbs action. Hy sou's endeavours should all tend towards ensnring the soldiers' comfort. With s monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse to arms, may repair tbe disasters of war. The calamities consequent on f ncceeeive insurrections during the lant two years have not been able to shake the foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the empire. The empire will render that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore. ' But to attain this resnlt, at the same time that it is necessary to proudly display before foreign nations the flag of France — ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters— it is incumlient ou tho nation to insist without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at home, the principle of authority which the cation will once more hasten to consecrate., shall be respected.' 