OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Friday, January 24, 1873. Of the death of Napoleon 111. you will long since have been informed by the swift-footed telegraph. Such fragmentary information as the cable has supplied relative to the decease of tte potentate who, as it has been said, was a great figure rather than a great man, will rather have whetted than satiated the mental appetite of your readers. The indications of the Emperor's serious illness began to be manifest last October, but were for a whQo relieved, but about Christmas they grew in intensity, and soon after the turn of the year Sir Henry Thompson, tte eminent operator for the stone, Sir Wm. Gull, and Sir James Paget were called down to Chislehurst to hold a consultation. The disease, or its symptoms, were to some extent of long standing ; probably it was the t main cause of that breakdown in his health which took place before the formation of tte Ollivier Government. As the Lancet remarks, the enormous labors, physical and mental, which His Majesty underwent from the time of the declaration of war—which might, perhaps, never have occurred had he continued in robust health —were intensified beyond belief by the presence of a vescieU calculus. Itwas even stated by a French medical journal that this terrible disease became ao manifest ou the first of July, 1870, a fortnight before the declaration of war, "yttat his medical advisers—Dr. Nelston and ./""others—recommended an immediate operation. Bat political considerations were allowed to prevail, the Emprsas was not informed of her husband's serious condition, aad the disease was sllowed to gather force. This ataxy may be apocryphal; but it is certain that, on tte ter rible day of the Sedan surrender (September 2). Napoleon IU. endured exorudatingagony, as well as mental anguish, as in the midst of his beaten army he rode on horseback around that ill-fated fortress. The repose of WShelmahoe, and sub sequently of Chislehurst, when his family were safely gathered around him, gave him some res pite till the autumn of last year. It was on the 2nd of January that the complete examination of tte English physicisns revealed the extent of tte peril, and tte necessity of the operat'on of littrotrity. The Imperial patient was put under chloroform, and Sir Henry Thompson, in presence of all tte medical advisers—French and English—partially crushed the stone. Great pain and irritation followei. An other operation sas necessary, and„ took place on January 6, with tolerably satisfactory results. It waa essential to complete tte work, sad 10 o'clock on tte following Thursday was fixed for the third operation. Hepsssedagood night, slept soundly, and the pulse wss at 80. Suddenly, however," the' poise declined, and tte pstitit began to sink. The fatal issue was no- ' tified by his physicians in the following bulle- ' tin • — , " January 0,1873.—The Emperor was visited J by bis "■««"?< attendants at 11 o'clock last night; again at 2 a.m. by Dr. Conneau; at 4 1 e-m, by Dr. le Baron Corvissrt; and at 6 a.m. < by Sir H. Thompson, each of whom found him < sleeping soundly and naturally, better than on < the preceding sught. At 9.45 this morning Bis 1 Majesty was seen by tte above-named, aud also by Mr. Olover, and an operation at noon was ] decided on. Xhe pulse was between 80 and 84, ' strong aad regular, aad the local symptoms ' naproved. At 10.25 signs of sinking appeared, i the bearfa action suddenly failed, and he died i at 10.45. I "Hxsby Thosfsos. 1 *' De. OomrcATj. 1 "Db. ix Babon Oobytbabt. i " J. T. Clover." I The Standard describes the Emperor's last ' momenta as from a French contributor. When, 1 at 10 o'clock in tte morning, Sir Henry Thomp son entered tte bedroom of the patient, he waa I astonished to find that tte pulse, which up to I that timelhsd continued to beat with great ' regularity—7s to 80—suddenly became weak:— 1 "The learned doctor aaw immediately that 1 Napoleon DX had only a few minutes to live. I He apprised his colleagues, who partook of bis 1 opinion, and the Empress was immediately in- 1 formed of tte change that had taken place for I tte worse. Her Majesty at once repaired to the • bedside of her husband; but he did not appear 1 to recognise her. He was caking rapidly, not- <■ witbstsading the small doses of brandy which « were ordered to be given him, and which had « prodnosd a momentary reaction. The Empress t at once ordered a telegraphic despatch to be • sent to M. Fallon, at Woolwich, begging him to s bring the young Prince Imperial to Chislehurst 1 at once ; and then sent for the Abbe Goddard, the parish priest of Chislehurst. The priest I axrived a few moments afterwards and adnunis- ( tared tte last sacrament to His Majesty. The I Empress, tte Duke de Bassano, Viscount Clary, c Count DavOlier, M. Pietri, and Madame ? Lebreton were kneeling by tte bedside, i and nothing could be heard in tte room but the < piayers of the priest, and tte sobbing of those 1 present. The religious ceremony terminated— i during whioh the Emperor appeared to give I some signs of consciousness—the Empress ap. 1 pnsuhed ttebedside snd embraced tte Emperor, t The patient then made signs that he wished to give his last kiss to his devoted wife, after 1 which he made a slight movement, heaved two t signs, and expired. The Empress, hitherto t perfectly calm, could no longer restrain her < reelings; she uttered a cry of anguish and i despair, and fell, fainting, on a chair. Her i Majesty was obliged, shortly afterwards, to be ] removed to her own apartment. The Prince I Imperial only arrived at Chislehurst at half- t past 11 o'clock, together with M. Fallon, his t tutor, and young Conneau. It is impossible to 1 depict ttedespair of tte Prince Imperial at not ] having seen his father before he expired. The t Emprenooi^uritedhimto tte bedside of hisdead c father: he kissed him several times, and placed 1 uponhis breast (a* tte Abbe Goddard and tte 1 Empress had done previously) a small spray of 1 box. The Prince wss greatly affected. When i at langtt he was induced to leave tte room, he i enquired of M. DaviUier tte circumstances i connected with his father"* death. His Majesty's I principal Equerry explained all to the young i Prince, who continued throughout to weep most < bitterly. According to this account the Em- i peror died without suffering. Another account ■ say that when, just before half-past ten, Sir < Henry Thompson and Mr. Olover passed into I tte chamber to pay a visit to tte Emperor, they < found His Majesty nearly unconscious, feeble, t and wandering, and it became apparent that an < slsrming change had suddenly occurred: — 1 " Baron Oorvisart waa in attendance imme- 1 diately, and tte Empress was summoned, and t was with her husband on the instant. As she 1 stooped to kiss him a alight smile of affee- ' tionato pleasure snd recognition passed over his 1 features, and he uttered a half-inaudible greet- i lug. Then ensued 10 minutes of complete un- < consciousness, and death approached ao rapidly 1 and painlessly that it waa impossible for those 4 moat concerned to realise the suddenness of 1 tteir awful bereavement." j Two or three hours -after tte Emperor's 1 death tte body was bid out in state, aad many < of those who had followed tte fortunes of t Napoleon lIL in England, but had paid tteir last visit too late to find him alive, were ad- ' mittod to tte house to look upon tte remains. 1 A reporter says:— i "The bedroom which witnessed tte closing ' scene of a great life is small and simply fur- < niched, and contained two beds—one originally i hflonging to the apartment; the otter, . a small iron bedstead, on which tte ' Eurperor lay, had been brought from another room, as more convenient for tte ■ purpose of the operations. This bed stood en the left hand, guarded by a screen; and the ' chief «■■■—'* of tte room waa a golden cross, < so placed that it could be seen by tte ffmperor ' in his last moments. At the request of tte be- ' reeved Imperial Family, Signer D. Bruccriani, '. of Russell-street, Oevent Garden, was promptly '■ svmm"r"4 to take a oast of His .Majesty's bead; aad this task, both as to tte features and the form of tte skull, was performed with perfect success. The eountonanow of the dead Emperor waa remarkably calm, ss if he had been merely asleep—ss, indeed, he may be said to have been when he psssed away; and looking at tte face alone, it waa hard to realise the stem fast of death. The eyes were softly snd tranquilly '■ closed, and the whole aspect might have seemed to show, not only that he died without pain, but that no such agony aa he suffered during ' tte past weeks and months had been endured. The lines of tte countenance were not worn, and i the familiar visage, with the moustache and im- i psrial untouched, was perfectly unchanged, i Phyaisally speaking, the late Emperor's triune i was robust, and tte chest especially was full < and strong. The head was very large, and the ' forehead a particularly prominent feature." I c Thougb?the Empress suffered acutely during " tte night of the fatal Thursday, she wss able i on the following morning to receive M. Bouohe, i ' General Floury, and others who had just ' arrived from Pans, and to be present while Messrs. Downey, of Newcastle—who had been spnaislrj sumrfT"^ —took a last photograph of the rliioresetl. Her Majesty personally con ducted them to tte chamber where tte body was laid outs— "The Emperor lay in tte bed in which he breathed his last, in a half-reclining position, the head being supported by a pillow. The Empress and Imperial Prince had placed a sprig of roses and a branch of box on his bosom, and in this position tte artists were enabled to take four very good negatives. The Empress was asoompamed by a faithful attendant, who had been in tte servieefjof the .Emperor for many years, and who was commanded to attend during the process of photographing. It was observed by more than one person that there wss a remarkable likeneis between the Emperor and tte well-known pictures of tte first Napo g leon on his deathbed." j Sub-equentiy, on tte same Friday, there was a post-mortem, examination, which was con * ducted by Dr. Burdon Sanderson, F.R.8., Pro i fessor of Physiology in University College, a London, and Professor- Spperintendent of the r Brown Institute, an eminent physician and pathologist, whose attendance was specially c requested for the purpose. There were pre e sent Sir Henry Thompson, Dr. Conneau, Dr. t le Baron Corvissrt, Sir William Gull, Bart., . Mr. John Foster, and Mr. Clover." A sum , mary of the conclusions arrived at is published, * as follows :— y "The most important result of the exarai ■, nation was that the kidneys were found to be j involved in the inflammatory effects produced by the irritation of the vesical calculus (which * must have been in the bladder leveral years) to B a degree which was not suspected; and, if it c had been supposed, could not have been [ ascertained. The disease of the kidneys was , of two kinds; there was, on the one hand, ' dilatation of both ureters and of the pelves <of the kidneys ; on the left the dilata i tion was excessive, and had given rise s to atrophy of tte glandular substance of the organ. On the other, there was sub-acute in ' flammation of the uriniferous tubes, which was of more recent origin. The parts in the neigh '■ J borhood of the bladder were in a healthy state ; I the mucous membrane of the bladder and pros , tatic urethra exhibited signs of sub-acute in flammation, but not the slightest indication of injury. In the interior of the bladder was found a part of a calculus, the form of which ' indicated that half had been removed. Besides this, there were two or three extremely small ' fragments, none of them larger than a hemp seed. This half calculus weighed about three- i quarters of an ounce, and measured 1 \ by 1 ' , 5-16 th of an inch. There was no disease of ' the heart nor of any other organ, excepting ef ' tte kidneys. The brain and its membranes : were in a perfectly natural state. The blood ' was generally liquid, and contained only a very ' few small clots. No trace of obstruction by ' coagula could be found either in the venous ' system, in tte heart, or in tte pulmonary ' artery. Death took place by failure of the cir culation, and was attributed to the general con- ' stitutional state of the patient. The disease of ' the kidneys—of which this state was the expres- ' sion—was of such a nature, and so advanced, that it would in any case have shortly deter- ' mined a fatal result, * " Signed by all present. ' " J. BUBDOH SANDERSON, M.D. "DR. COtOTBATJ. I "Db La Babon Corvisabt. ■ " Hussy Thohfsobt. * " J. T. Glover, « \- " John Foster. < "Camden-place, Chislehurst, * " Jsn. 10,1873,6.30 p.m." « Bir William Gull left before tte terms of c this document —in French and English—could * be exactly agreed upon. He records a separate I opinion in one point—tte origin of the calculus. ■ He believes — ■ •* That the phosphate of lime calculus which « formed the nucleus of the mass was tte result ■ of prior cystitis (catarrh** vesica), and not the 1 cause of it. ' This nucleus wss of uncertain a duration, and may even have been more recent 1' than supposed in tte appended reports.' " This report is a remarkable proof of tte im- * perfect knowledge which medical science is, 8 under certain circumstances, able to supply. I' The operation of lithotrity could not have been * undertaken with any chance of a favorable fi issue, if tte disease of the kidneys had been a known. That disease must have proved fatal at r no very distant day, and in tte meanwhile the * Emperor would have suffered excruciating ago- h nies from tte presence of calculus in the a bladder. We know, therefore, that whatever * might have been done or left undone, the life of « His Majesty waa doomed. b The body of the deceased Emperor was em- V helmed, and was dressed in tte uniform of a * field-marshal of France, - tte aame which he * wore at Sedan. Count Clary, M. Rouher, and ? tte Marquis de la Grange helped to dress the ? body, which waa placed in a coffin of lead, with ? an outer one of mahogany, surmounted by the ? Imperial crown and a large cross of silver, j Thus laid ont, the chamber of death was visited « by Princes Lumen, Jerome, Joachim, Charles, ' and Achilla, by tte Prince Imperial, and by the d Brnpress (alone), aad subsequently tte Prince D of Wales aud Prince Christian, who had come n down by tte 1 o'clock train to make their con- ft doleuoes to the Empress. How the dead Em* n peror looked is strikingly shown in tte re- tl markable engraving givm by the Graphic. He X seems te bs younger than he had appeared for T 10 years past, and to wear a placid expression. c On tte following Tuesday, Jannary 14, tte d body of Napoleon lIL lay ia state in the largest tl room of Camden House, which was appro priatrly furnished and fitted up as a chapelU P ardenti. It is said that 17,000 persons were "1 admitted into tte chamber, aud the crowd was a so great that tte gates of tte park were kept £ open three hours later than had been intended, f Next day the funeral took place. There were ii no carriages, but a long procession of about C 1,000 Frenchmen on foot, which was witnessed ti by many thousands of people. The order of * tte procession waa as follows:— c' First came a party of French workmen, a de- ? putatinn from Paris, carrying the French colors r> flying from a bent branch. These were followed n by ecclesiastics reading now and then from the a Office for the Dead. Then came the hearse, d with ita eight black horses, led by mutes carry- si ing rings of yellow immortelles on tteir arms. P From the sides of the hearse swept the velvet tl pall emblazoned with the Imperial arms, and tl tte roof of tte hearse was covered with beau- 1 tiful wreaths, chiefly of violets. Behind the hearse, and close to it, walked the Prince Im- I perial, wearing a black coat. His young face tl was pale, but his carriage was unfaltering and a dignified, and throughout the whole ceremonial b he maintained a quiet self-possession. He was ? folic wed "by the Bonaparte and Murat a Prinoes, and behind them walked Lord ri Sydney, in his riband and star, represent ing tha Queen, and Lord Sufrteld, representing ii tte Prince of Wales. Next came the officers of o the household of Napoleon lIL, among whom p walked Sir Henry Thompson and Sir William t GnlL Ministers of the Empire, most of them P in grand cordons, were followed by the blue and b silver snd green and gold uniforms of tte Italian c officers sent with just and fine feeling by the < King of Italy. These uniforms made the only * color save the flag borne by the workman, tte f vestments of tte clergy, and the ribands ef the I orders of knighthood in tte whole of that long t procession. The Italian officers were followed a by a long line of eminent Bonapartista, the pro- r cession containing 20 Constfllers d'Btat, 31 c Deputies, 40 Prefets, and many sous-Prefets s who had held office under tte Empire. The f BUhop of Southwaric waa the chief ecclesiastic, ' and among the Englishmen who joined tte pro- i cession were Lord Cowley and Lord Buckhuist. I It wound its way slowly across tte heath and v through tte village, arriving at the church t porch at half-past 11, just half an hour after a passing tte lodge-gates of Oamdea-place. As t tte liearse passed every hat was taken off, and I one heard everywhere expressions of grief and t sympatty. a The coffin, preceded by tte Bishop of South- r walk, Monseigneur Bauer, aad otter ecclesiaa- l tios, was borne into tte chapel and placed on a the pedestals. The purple pall wss divided by r a broad gold moss, and worked with the crown I and initial of the Napoleonic Empire. It was s strewed with gold bees. The Prince Imperial, 1 Prince Napoleon, Prince Lumen Bonaparte, t Prince Charles Bonaparte, and the Princes c Murat, Lord Bydney, Lord Cowley, and tte Lord Mayor and his Sheriffs had places near a the coffin, and all tte well-known adherents of s the late Emperor—General Fleury, tte Prinoes ' de la Meskowa and Poniatowaki, tte Duos de i Gambaeeres, de Bassano, and de Trauto, the Oomtes DavOlier and Clary, Generals Oastelnau, t Frossard, and Le Brun, Vioomte Aguado, and 1 M. Pietri, Marshal Oaarobert, Marshal Lehaeuf. a M. Bonner, Count Palik?O, tte Due de Ore- t mont, Count Benedetti, Baron Hauasmann, 1 Banon Jerome David and "Baron Schneider, f Admirals Rigault de Genouflly and de la Gra- <i viere, M. deForcade U Roquette, Due de Mont- r moreney, Due de Feltre, Oolonel Stoffei, M. a Maurice Richard, Marquis de Ghaeseloirp-Laii- [ bat, Marquis de Lavalttte, M. Regnier—these c and other famous men are of tte 200 whp £1} s the little chapeL r Th? service waa then performed after tte I Catholic rite—the holy wafer was consecrated, t tte Host wss elevated, the absolution pro- ' nouneed, and the pall restored. Slowly the 1 music plays while they carry tte coffin through an archway in tte chapel vail, and place it on < a low pedestal in a temporary structure built i over the vault into which it will he lowered, i The beautiful flowers are again heaped on tte i lid, and the grated gate is closed. < The Prince Imperial and the otter Prinoes \ kneel before it in succession for a moment, l sprinkling the holy water and signing the cross, t Then they leave the church in order—the Prince l Imperial and Prince Napoleon returning in a i carriage, tte otters on foot. The organ plays ] the De Profundi* as tte mourners leave the i chapel, most of them first parsing before tte i grating, taking tte holy water-brush from tte ' acolyte, ahd, as they made the pious gesture, 1 1 looking into tte gloomy recess in which tte 1 ooffin of the Emperor, once so great and feared, '■ so busy and unfathomable, is hidden by beau- ' tiful flowers. i The service was over by a quarter to 1, having ■ i lasted an hour and a quarter. There was no 1 return procession, but tte way was kept clear i . till all who chose returned to Oamden-plaoe, > where tte Prince Imperial held a levee, as an l 1 acknowledgment to those who had come to s honor his father's grave. It was held first in c the large drawing-room of Camden-plaee, and r tte ground floor of the house was soon filled by \- Imperialists of rank. When these bad paid their respects, the great mass of people who s still crowded the walks and grounds—perhaps \- 2,000 Frenchmen —were formed on the cage of \- the grass, and tha Prince, now attended by his , father's household, the Due de Cambace.ei, a snowing the way as Grand Chamberlain, walked 1 along the line with Prince Napoleon and the f rest. The Times report says:— Directly he had passed the hall-door every . hat was taken off, and he bore his part with , ease, dignity, and self-possession. Shaking . hands with some, and bowing to others, he , passed along in silence, and all the way along the ranks of people there were white handker . chiefs at weeping eyes. Close to the hall- door, > at the end of this Imperial progress, was posted 1 the deputation of 60 ouvriers, bearing their i flag. The spokesman of these said a few words ,to the Prince; just above was har?e*"E the t tricolor, and, aa the ouvrier, if we must take , him for one, ended his speech with a "Vive i Napoleon IV. !" the shout was caught up ou all sides, the crowd rushed towards the group of i Princes, and Napoleon IV. would have been . literally carried off his legs by the loyalty of his new subjects, if a way to the hall-door had not : been immediately cleared by the desperate . efforts of his suite. At the first shout the i Prince put up his hand, but it was of no use, I and for five minutes after he had entered the house there were enthusiastic cries of " Vive Napoleon IV.!" " Vive l'Empereur!" "Viva l'lmperatrice !" ending with a hearty " Vive l'Angleterre!" Next day, Thursday, there was a reception at Camden House, attended by aome 800 persons. It was unique of its kind. The Empress and her son, both in deep mourning, made the circuit of their assembly of Borrowing friends, amid stifled sobs and murmurs of bene diction. There were many who knelt down and respectfully kissed the hands of the Empress and her son. The Prince was deeply moved, and was scarcely able to press the many hands that were held out to him. Scarcely a word was spoken during the return of the Empress and her son along the passage, until they re tired by the staircase to the privacy of their own apart-neats. On this occasion were assembled all those who held high political trusts under the late Emperor, as well as the majority of his oldest and most stanch friends, military and civil There were a great many visitors to Chisle hurst ou Friday, who were allowed freely to take from the heap of violet* and other flower* at the porch. Inside the chapel, the grating of the arch, a piece of Gothic scroll and bar work in ham mered iron, waa adorned with four Jarge wreaths, two of eamelias, one of violets, and one of lilies of &c; valley, alternating with a delicate kind of moss, pale green hue. This laat had tied to it by a ribbon of black silk a little card on which was written in a clear fine hand—" De la part de la Prineesse Beatrice." Each one of these tokens had its personal history, its tale of private sympathy and sorrow. The Queen had sent a white amaranthine wreath on the previous afternoon. Next it lay one that bore the name ; of Prince Leopold. In an indistinguishable heap were wreaths from all the members of tte English Boyal Family, and they reposed on such a bed of flowers as a hundred different hands at ' least must have helped to spread. The death of Napoleon 111. excited general ' regret and sympatty ttrourhout England. ' Soma Town Councils voted aldressesof condo lence to tte bereaved Empress, and everywhere there were tokens that the country had lost a firm friend. As the Daily Neva says:—"Apart altogether from bis political position and his relation to French policies, tte late Emperor was of late years exceedingly ptpular in Eng land. He knew this country better perhaps, than any Sovereign who every held sway in France. His years of earlier exile were passed among : us. His first attempts to recover what he < believed to be his Imperial heritage were pre pared in this country. On his escape from the : fortress of Ham he came hither as a refugee, 1 and remained here till the Revolution of 1848 : opened his way back to France. The romance of bis life exhibits him ou tte celebrated tenth ' of April in that year joining the rest of the ' middle aud upper classes of London in pared- : ing tte streets armed with the constable's staff i in defence of the cause of order. The French Treaty was itself an evidence of his desire to ' draw closer the bonds of commercial intercourse between nations whom his uncle regarded as ' natural enemies, and he spoke of a* necessary ' friends. In this later residence here he has ' necessarily occupied a different position from | that in which he waa placed when he was re- '■ garded as only the gloomy plotter for a throne. The dreamer of 1816 waa the great Imperial ' exile of 187 L In this greater exQe he con ducted himself, with the dignity which became ' the former occupant of an Imperial throne." The press showed every Anxiety to bring into : prominence the good qualities of Napoleon DTI. The clergy preached laudatory funeral sermons, and not a few persons, besides the Queen's Court, have gone into mourning, in token of < their sorrow. The late Emperor never swerved I in his regard for England. At tte time of the ' Orsini conspiracy, when tte famous demonstiu- ; tion of tte French colonels! took puce, Sir Morton Peto had frequent interviews with ; Napoleon IK. in reference to public works. On ' one occasion he found the Emperor greatly ruffled. He had been reading the hitter re- ' mi?-lni of our London press on this incident, 1 and expressed his astonishment at such violent 1 diatribes, pointing out that he had made it tte 1 study of his life to efface the memories of tte past, to bring about a cordial feeling between ' the two countries, though conscious that he was ' the only real friend of England throughout ' France. ' In France itself, the decease of Napoleon ' DX excited little sessation. Frenchmen live in i the present. They have great and almost over whelming difficulties to contend with, end may i be excused from giving no signs of emotion when the auttor of tteir misfortunes badpsssed away. Speaking on this subjact, tte Pans cor respondent of tte Times remark:— On Wednesday, January 15, not a single chop in all Paris wss closed onaoaount of tte funeral of Napoleon lIL, not a theatre suspended its performances. Having made a remark upon this subject to a lady attached to tte Bonapartist party, she Uf ted up the veil which covered her breast, aud, showing me a bunch of violets, tte emblem of tte party, ahe told me that if I wished to know how many persona that day were mourning for the Sovereign whose funeral was being solemnised at Ohislehuat, I had only to observe how msny^ like herself, wore bunches of violets. *' I am sure,'' she said, " that you could not walk many paces up tte Boulevards with out meeting many." lat once, aa a man aeriensly desirous of ascertaining a fact, started for a walk up the Boulevards. The weather was splendid, and tte crowd was so great that it wss difficult to make one's way through it But I sought in vain to find a single bunch of violets among tte promeuadera. At last, after two hours' search, and when I was about to abandon tte attempt, I preoeived a tall young man with a bunch of violets at his buttonhole. I could not resist my curiosity, and, advancing towards him, I said, " Pardon me, sir, is that a token of mourning that you wear V " No," replied he, with an air of surprise, aad with an American accent, " I wear them because they smell sweet." This anecdote undoubtedly does not prove that Napoleon lIL did not leave behind him in Franoe numerous and sincerely attached friends; but it does prove that in France and everywhere else it is a very rare thing to find men who have tte courage of their opinions. ' Since tte return of the late Emperor's adherents to Paris there have been funeral services or requiems in some ten of the churches, which have been well attended, but on the whole the French people have been apathntiri. It'waa otherwise in Italy. In that country the remembrance of what the country owed to Napoleon DX outweighed all his faults and shortcomings. The King, always attached to the Emperor, sent hearty messages of condo lence, and all the cities of Italy had crowded funeral services. That in Rome was quite a demonstration, though tte priests were gene rally forbidden to attend it, Cardinal Bonaparte and other relatives excepted. The Parliament paased resolutions of sympatty aad eulogy, and everywhere the population mourned the loss uf a benefactor, to whose memory it fa proposed to raise by anbscription a_ national statue. These proofs of national gratitude have created much annoyance at tte Vatican, where Napoleon tit, was alike feared and distrusted, but never loved. Is the Napoleon legend buried in the grave of the deceased potentate? Who can Bay? It was a faith only possible in this age ?T""E a mercurial people who are " everything by turns and nothing long," aad who, amon; many good qualities, are not above childish tastes, and whose idols are but the reflection of their in grained egotism and restlessness. We are told that there is one faction the less in France, and that with Louis Napoleon dies the last hope of an Imperialist restoration. Perhaps it is so. Napoleonism rested on a personal basis, both in the First and the Second Empire. That it should survive as a faith to glorify a mere child, who has no special personal claims, and after tte terrible disasters it has brought' upon France, would be marvellous Indeed. Napoleon TV. is as much an anachronism as Henry V. The wheaVof time may; however, bring round a hew' development of Napoleonum, for netting seems to be impossible in France. store pro bably, the Generals and officials but "yesterday at Chislehurst, and' who had a real attachment to their deceased master, will not allow dynastic preferences to hinder their course. ' They may e'ect to serve 1b.5 Republic while it lasts, or wait till a throne is once more erected around which they cm rally. It is fair to sty that they have resolved upon a wise policy—that of patient waiting. There is to be no active agitation in France, no attempt to excite the public, no playing at Imperialism. The Prince is not to be sainted as Napoleon IV., but to be addressed as Prince Louis Napoleon, and England is not to be made a focus of intrigue. These are the only means that will pave the way for that Imperialist re storation which Napoleonic partisans seem con fidently to expect, and the rest of the world to regard as a dream never to be realised. The marvellous career of Napoleon the Third is " familiar as a household word." I date say all its memorable incidents hare been long ere this depicted in your columns, and that your readers would not thank me to reproduce them. How Louis Napoleon was born in 1808 within shadow of tte Tuileries while his great uncle was in tte zenith of his power—how he became tte heir of the Bonapartitt house—with what sublime faith he undertook to represent " a principle, a cause, and a defeat," and did so alike in the mad escapades at Boulogne and Strasburg, the fortress of Ham, and in his lodgings in London —how at length his fana ticism or destiny triumphed after the downfall of Louis Philippe aud the failure of the Republic, by his election as Presi dent—how the Presidential chair was but the stepping-stone to tte Imperial Throne— all this is too well-remembered to be repeated. Even to give an outJiie of the great events of the 20 years of his reign—his unique domestic policy founded on tte notion that he was to be "tte Saviour of society," his wars in Italy, the Crimea and Mexico, his promise too late to "crown tte edifice." and that fearful crash of the empire, ao laboriously built op, in the disastrous campaign of 1870—would oscupy your space with a twice told tale. Rather let me refer to some features in the character aud career of the potentate, whose life must ever fill a chapter in tte history of tte nineteenth century, which may be somewhat fresh to your readers. A sketch ef Napoleon IfX in the Daily News, by one who knew him, supplies some intsresting traits and reminiscences of a Sovereign who, according to the writer, had more private friends than any Prince mentioned in history:— "He never offended by arrogance or self assertion, and he possessed tte rarest and most winning art of conversation—that of knowing how to listen. He fascinated persons who were predisposed against him with a subtle charm of which they could render no clear account to their own minds, for few ever left his presence without feeling that they had communicated more than they had received. He did not talk people over, as tte vulgar do who believe in tte diplomacies. He persuaded them to talk to him, by a manner very sympathetic and uncere monious. He would draw his chair quite close up to a visitor, and establish ao powerful a magnetic influence between them that he com monly got out tte kernel of aa idea, while a less able man would have been busy with tte shell He never argued in conversation. Of his own ideas and opinioashe said absolutely nothing. He appeared to give willing attention to the I subject submitted for his consideration, a* ' though it were something new and interesting ' upon which he was glad of information; and ' then always answered agreeably, and if possible lid something kind. He never forgot a service, and he was ready to accept services from a olaas of : energetic adventurers who are seldom well re- ' ceived by Courts or Cabinets. It would be using strong language, but it would be in a certain sense strictly true, to say that all the blackguards in Europe acknowledged him as tteir leader and their chief. They had a lively ; tope in him, and he looked on them with the friendly eye which a patron of tte turf not un- ' frequently casts upon feather weights who ' have an indifferent reputation. Not that the : Emperor waa by any means one of them. < Such a description could not by any stretch of ' invective apply to him. Though often accused ■ of insincerity in politics, he had a most loyal re?peot for his word in all the transactions of ' private life. He never forfeited an engage ment, or left a claim upon him unsatisfied. He I was & fond husband, aa affectionate father, J liberal to his kinsmen, generous to bis depen dent*, an indulgent master, and a steadfast ' friend. He was even pious and honorable, j according to French ideas of piety and honor. ' He had a cordial esteem for the clergy, and his ' courage was beyond dispute." ' The prevailing impression on the minds of < his acquaintances was that he was rather ' stupid. His downcast looks, and shy, silent ' ways, his recklessness of conduct when a young ■ man, all favored such a supposition. M. Jules < Favre, M. Louis Blanc, and M. Lamartine • were all under tte delusion that his abilities - were almost beneath contempt:— ' "It was a mistaken bnt not an unnatural ' belief: and to tte last it remained doubtful ' whether he had any active share in his own * fortunes. His reputed brother, the Due de ! Moray, guided him in his upward path, and he ' never trod it firmly after tte Duke's death. * When he was thought to be nursing schemes 1 of conquest and deception, there are good ' grounds for supposing that he was merely un- ■ decided, and did not really know what to do ' next. If his designs were impenetrable it was ( because he seldom had any designs. During < the commencement of his reign he was entirely t under the influence of the Due de Moray, ' whom he desired to acknowledge publicly as * one of the Imperial family, aud to declare heir ' to tte throne, ahould he die childless. Latterly ■ he was equally under the influence of tte Era- ' press." i His home life, this writer says, was simple, ' and he passed much of bis time witt his wife < and son. He was temperate in his habits, ' eating and drinking sparingly ; but he had not < always been so; and his health was impaired to < such a degree that for several years he could not ' sit on horseback without scute suffering:— I " He wss liable also to fits of deep dejection, ' and his impassive demeanor was, at least in ] part, due to defective vitality. He had none of * the rough, almost brutal impatience of the : Benapartes in his character, but ratter the alow " and torpid nature of a Dutchman. His figure ' and personal appearance were anything ratter ■ than French or Italian. Bis legs were short, < his body was long and awkward. He walked i badly, and looked to tte best advantage when < seated. His features were large and stolid, ' except tte ayes, which he had a habit of half < closing in a sinister manner when displeased. ' The perceptive organs ef his head were well de- • vsloped, but it waa flat at tte top; and if there ' be a general truth in tte principles of phreno- ' logy, his imagination was small. His upper lip • was long' and slightly projected over a mouth ' which waa not well shaped, and his chin waa 1 peculiarly weak in its outline. Tet the expres- ' sion of his face was upon tha whole pleasant, ' and his voice and smile remarkably sweet." ' It was remarked by those nearest to him (con- < tinues tte writer of the sketch) that in 1868 9 < his face had begun to wear a settled pallor, and 1 waa almost livid. He waa kept in a constant ' state of apprehension, and never knew when he < lay down at night whether he would not be in 1 the hands of an infuriated mob before morn- ■ ing:— < " The nature of his malady also, which be < knew to be incurable, bad an effect upon his I spirits; and when the tide of fortune turned ' against him, he hardly made an attempt to ) resist it At Metz his physical debility and - mental anxiety were ao terrible that he sank into ' a lethargy from which he oould not be roused, and during tte rest of tte campaign, which finished at Sedan, he acted like a man in a dream. ' It was only after tte struggle waa decided, and ; he was a prisoner at Wuhelmshohe, that he : recovered the use of his thought*. He was, ' however, accustomed to confinement, and bore ' it very well He amused himself with books ' and 'writings, and took daily exercise. One J who attended him in his captivity observed ' that he spoke more often and with less restraint ' than usual, and that he evidently felt a sense ' of security, which bad been strange to him for ' many years. In England, also, he was any- - thing but unhappy. To any one who was un- - acquainted witt him he appeared like a retired ' colonel of dragoons, who had seen more than he < cared to talk about, and who was good-ter- ' pered and contented, though **???£■ nsA not ; quite gone aa he expected, lie seemed disposed ' to get fat, and end as'what the French ball a j imkomme, fond of the society of ladies and ■ children—a harmless, inoffensive personage." The ex-Emperor, says this notice, was com fortably provided for ; and tte property of tte ex-Kmpress alone has been estimated at £2,000 a year, for she was not. as ill-informed people have reported, a penniless young lady at tte time of her marriage. Many true and eloquent thoughts have been uttered from tte pulpit, or expressed in letter press, relative to this once mighty Prince, whose remains now repose in tte little Catholic Church at Chislehurst like any obscure person. None, perhaps, have been more true and eloquent than those contained in a sermon preached on Sunday week by tte Bey. J. Baldwin Browm, of Brixton. From that masterly discourse I will, by way of ooncluding this fertile theme, give a characteristic extract:— " It waa tea sense natural that, France having been tte dictator of Europe, Frenchmen ahould dream of the restoration of her supremacy under happieranspicetandto morebenignantends. The experiment, in tte then state of public feeling, was sure to try itself. If it could maintain itself witt fair sncceni, well; if it should col lapse through its own weakness and vanity, why then tte dream would be dreamed out, and the ghost of tte Empire would be laid for ever. " That experiment,^Destiny and the French nation chose Louis Napoleon to conduct. He accepted the mission, which he had already from of old in bis, heart assumed, and for which >r be bad been sedulously preparing himself; and j he haa humbled French ambition and the Na poleonic idea cf Empire in the very dust. ,n Sedan was a second and completer Waterloo; ■c from that shattering shock tte 'idea' of tte o Empire can rise no more for ever. it " I believe that, in every sense, tte late Em. a peror was rather a product than a creator; a , c master bo long as things were with him, and he [ c had simply to maintain his poise and guide lg himself wisely in the course which tte current j. of the times marked out for him, but ~ utterly helpless and useless for all the higher 0 purposes of government, utterly incapable of a true conoeption of his paople's good. & France was eager for another deep draught from p the cup of glory. His one aim through Oik c earlier years of his reign was to lift her from r tte depressed condition to which the latter c years of the Monarchy and tte Revolution g had reduced her, aud to make her tte arbiter t of Europe once more. He showed great tact ? and judgment in his methods, though he bad j able and clear- sighted advisers whose influence t was strong. But the times were with him. , The spectre of tte Bed Revolution made the [ way of a 'Saviour of Society' in France an , easy one ; and the condition of Europe at that . moment—full of discord, of oerplexed and , paralysing national rivalries—made a way for , France to something like tte supreme influence .in European affair*. The appearance of success .in restoring the old prestige of the Empire made . his task the easier. The army pampered and proud of victory, the people flattered by seeing • their old place in Europe apparently within , their reach, Louis Napoleon, when he entered . Milan, after the battle of Magenta, was on the pinnacle of his fortune, and France touched tte \ fulfilment of her aspirations and hopes. It was but for a moment; from that h jur the Empire, and with it tte supremacy of France in Europe, ■ began to fall. Th? bite Emperor had faculties . which, had he succeeded to a legitimate throne, < and been free to turn his mind to tte arts of . peace, might have made him a successful ruler. He wss an admirable man of business when he . brought bis mind to bear uponit He understood tte railway system of France better than his Mi nisters, and the true remedy for the fearful floc>ds l , which devastate tte valleys better than his engi- < neera. His commercial ideal were up to the level ' of tte most liberal of his countrymen ; and he i had a kindly, clement nature, which, had it i been free to move oa that plane, might have i scattered much material happiness around. Not i that, under any condition*, he could have been, 1 what his flatterers called him, 'the Napoleon '. of peace'—that is ss grand a maater ef the 1 arte of peace as his uncle was of tte art of war. < He was too much of a Napoleon for that—too I vain, too selfish, too fond of the mere pomp of I power, too eager to make a figure both for himself and fer Franoe. Bis really fine business . capacity, and all that he meant and hoped when < he said 'Jj Empire e'est laposx,' were marred i utterly by the idea which possessed him, and i which proved itself as fair and false a dream as ] any by which the devil haa ever lured a nation i to ruin, or a soul to death. "The thing from the first—mark this, young I men—had no firm, honest basis to rest upra. ■ It lived purely for itself, to fulfil its own ima- I gination of its mission, not God's. It was the 1 creature of mere human sentiment and passion i seeking to realise its selfish, vainglorious ] dreams, and ita disastrous fall from tte first 1 was doomed. The essenoa of tte enterprise, re- I member, waa not to make France wise, rich, I and strong, that her industry and genius might ] minister to the nations, that she might be a j larger fountain of blessing by her service snd t ministry to mankind. It was distinctly that l she might be mistress of tte nations, able to < make them move when she nodded, and i tremble when she frowned. The Empire is tte i last of our great Babels—attempts to rule and c save society in defiance of God, and in contempt \ of that which He ha* made the salvation of c mankind. Society is saved by patience, by in- I dustry, by cheerful too, by brotherly love, by c charity. All that promises salvation or even t help, in ooaterupt of these, is Babel; God a writs* on it 'confusion,'and lives to confound t it and lay it in the dust" I It will be strange indeed if the Prince Im- « perial develops into a master mind or a capable [ leader. The following sketch of the young ( Prince by one who was present on the day of t tte funeral in St Mary** Chapel, Chislehurst, { and waa almost close beside young "Louis i Napoleon," will be read witt interest, and f suggests its own conclusion i —As a lad in bis c seventeenth year, taking him independently of i any special circumstances of position, he is a 1 fine, promising youth. He has a certain i carriage and dignity beyond bis years. He has I a fine temperament, and there is a certain tone i of mental refinement in all bis air and manner, c But, setting aside controversial questions of A Imperialism and Republicanism, he does not s seem to me likely to be tte man fitted by 1 nature for the place occupied for 20 years by t his father. To say that he is not, by any s trait, by any sign, by any definite or indefi- i nite hint of character a Bonaparte, is to say o something to tte point ; for there is cer- I teinly tte blood of a idling family strong in the d Bonapartea. That Italian?Oorsioan line are in v many respects, as a Royal stock, superior to s any other reigning family on tte Continent q Else they could not have so set tteir mark on * tte greatest three-quarters of a century of n modem history. I do not think that this p grandson of the King of Holland would carry n witt him to the throne Imperial, qualities of I tte same or of a similar strain to that of hi* C fatter or to that of his great uncle; and though f some may say he would be none tte worse for b that, tte consideration does not convey any as- b surance to my mind that tte difference would a be an improvement I can perhaps best a convey tte impression I formed on this point * while endeavoring to study this poor child on Wednesday, by saying that in spite of n tteir unhappy military bias, the Napoleons, L I and lIL, represented the modern feel;ng in re- b lation to tte government of a great people, and fc I can conceive of no such spirit in this young ti Princi His destinies make him antagonistic p to the Bourbon Prinoes who swarm over 3 Europe; but I think he is fay nature of the old ii —the medieval—type of royalfamily. He will tl be in all probability a man of an intellect oon- o mderably above mediocrity. I think he will bo p acknowledged by those among whom he will A move to be a superior man; but I cannot con- h eeiye of him as one having a strong sympathy r with tte spirit of the time. He is not likely to a enter into the aspirations of tte Franks of h the coming half century. He ia Spanish, h He is Celtic He is, so to speak, a Papist tl by nature. He is in cast of face and in every v aspect of character, totally unlike tte typical a Frenchmen fallowing him to his father's grave, o I cannot detect in him tte Corsiaan element tl lan seem him only hi* mother, witt her supe- ft riority of intellect, her proud nature, her * dignity aad grarieusneas, and also her passionate t devotion to a standard of faith and a standard I of social policy more befitting the Spain of old t days, tte Ireland of the ancient kings, or * perhaps the Parisian Court of tte more happy I days of Marie Antonstto than tte Franoe of t to-day. Without a word of depreciation of this .] promising and manly Prince, who bore himself fa so well through tte trying and painful ordeal c of Wednesday, and without prejudging tte c question whether France has yet anything to g gain or to hope from Imperialism, I could not fa' resist tte conclusion, as I watched the proud, c though grief-stricken boy, that Napoleon t Eugenic Louis will never be tte man fitted by t nature for a successful ruler of modern France, a Death has been busy also among our own men r of note, among those who have been thus f removed is Dr. Lushington, almost tte sole survivor of a band of accomplished lawyers which reckoned Brougham, and Romilly, and « Campbell, and Denman, in its ranks. This c veteran, who lived to the ripe age ef 93, and i might almost have seen Lord Chatham, was one j of the counsel who defended Qieen Caroline ] when it was sought to deprive her of the title t of Queen Consort, aad whose eloquent advocacy 1 waa greatly influential in throwing out George % tWe Bill of Pains ahd Penalties in Parliament c A foremost debater in tte Commons, and a c Liberal when Liberalism was a stigma; he c ended his political career a* early as 1838—a f strictly party vote excluding' the Judge of tte c Admiralty Court from Parliament But though t lost to Parliament (remarks the Times) his con- t summate ability and adltess were shown in a i long series of judgments, whether in tte c Consistory Court, tte Admiralty Court, c the Court of Delegates, and, later still, j before the Judicial Committe of tte Privy a Council. All who ever heard one of those t luminous expositions of law must ramem- s ber the effect produced in Court when, t often without taking time to consider the t judgment, Dr. Lushjjsgton would deliver one of c those masteipieaes of judicial power which, ] Uttered in a tone of sweet and silvery eloquence, ( tore asunder all tte sophistries with which the t case had been encumbered and overlaid. At l last, having held the Judgeship nearly thirty [ years, and having outlived most of his content- j poraries, either in office or in life ; having seen, t too, the triumph of every one of tte principles t of civil and religious liberty for which he had < contended in youth, he resigned bis Judgship in t 1867, snd henceforth lived for his family and j his friends. But to the very last, aa was shown ( by bis late journey to Oxford to record his vote \ for Dean Stanley as one of tte select university < preachers, he was unsparing of himself if duty f or friendship demanded tte sacrifice. i Another eminent and still more versatile public man has gone to his rest uj his «7thyear. % Lord Lytton', better known a* Sir E. Lytton ] Bulwer, died on Friday last at Torquay, where t he. haa for some time, owing to feeble health, i lived in retirement " Statesman, orator, poet, ■ dramatist, and novelist, no man in modern t times has come.nearer than Lord Lytton to the \ pattern of an Admirable Crichton. Those novel* | id on which his fame will chiefly rest, and which i- have been the delight of a whole generation of t readers, belong to half a dozen different cate -1; guries, snd each one of them opened out a new n region of fancy as it appeared." "Pelham," "Eugene Aram," "Paul Clifford," "Ernest i- Maltravers," "The Last of the Barons," a "Bienzi," " The Cartons," and "My Novel," c are only the most conspicuous of a host of c works of fiction which for a whole generation t came from Sir Edward's prolific pen, and illus t tested the life and thought of the day. He was r taken away when still another novel, "Kenelm c Ohillingley," was passing through the press. . Lord Lytton had suffered for some time from 1 occasional attacks of violent ear-ache, and on c Friday afternoon acute inflammation set in, 1 which terminated fatally at 2 o'clock on Satur r day. He was almost all his life long in Parlia -1 ment Entering the House of Commons before r the first Reform Act through the small borough t of St Ives, he secured afterwards for ten years i tte confidence of the great aud growing city of 3 Lincoln. By that time bis moderate Whiggism . hsd passed into a moderate Conservatism, and 3 he became a county member for Herts, until in 1 1866 he was raised to the House of Lords. "In t his Parliamentary career he was a rare, but I a successful speaker; not entering often into r the arena of sharp debate, but ever and anon ! sustaining _ the reputation of literature by a 1 grand oration that commanded tte admiration !of both sides of tte House. He was, moreover, 1 not merely an orator, but a statesman, and ', signalised the one year during which he held . the seals of the Colonial Office by an incident Las appropriate to his moderate politics as it was ito his historic, poetic, and romantic tastes. It 1 was by his request that Mr. Gladstone, then, of 1 course, in Opposition, undertook that famous mission to the lonian Islands, which bore fruit afterwards in an event unexampled in the his -1 tory of nations since Hadrian drew back his legions behind the Euphrates—the voluntary renunciation by a powerful empire of terri tory which had once lain within its grasp." Moreover in tte single year during whioh he was in office (retiring with his colleagues in 1859) he abolished tte monopoly involved in the licenoe ef the Hudson's Bay Company, 1 called into existence the noble colony of British i Columbia, and removed the discontents and 1 developed tte resources of the magnificent 1 district now called Queensland, by raising it 1 into a colony separate from Sydney. Soon : after the accession to power of Lord Derby's . third Administration, in July, 1866, Sir | Edward Bulwer Lytton was raised to the peerage, aa Baron Lytton of Knebworth. Only ' ou rare occasions has His Lordship spoken in ] the Upper House. His novels are read, or 1 translated, not only in France, Germany, Aa, : but in tte remote parts of Hungary; while in i America be is as popular aa with us. Tester- ' day tte remains of Lord Lytton were to be re- 1 moved from Torquay to Knebworth, and it is ] announced that to-morrow they will be de- ' posited in tteir proper resting place—West- I minster Abbey. , A man of quite a different type was tte Hon. I aud Bey. Baptist Noel, who has died at tte < ripe age of 74, after a long life of active devotion I to Evangelical Christianity. For many years 1 Mr. Noel was one of tte most eminent preachers 1 in London, and tte large chapel, in St John's, « Bedford-row, formerly tte scene of the labors of t Richard Cecil and Daniel Wilson, afterwards i Bishop of Calcutta, waa crowded every Sunday, 1 Mr. Noel first became known to tte general < public by his vigorous denunciation of tte in* 1 justice of tte Com Laws. His pamphlet was i the more valued by tte leaders of the repeal 1 movement, then much needing aid, from tte certainty that it would be read by many who were prejudiced against their agitation. Soon t afterwards Mr. Noel was appointed one of the 1 chaplains to the Queen, and his sermons at i Whitehall and St James* form one of the score < or more of volumes whioh he published during 1 his active career. In tte year 1848 arose the 1 celebrated " Gotham Case," which distracted c tte Church of England, anl caused several I secessions of its leading High-Ohurch clergy to t the Roman Communion. On tte other hand, j. Mr. Baptist Noel considered that the Ohuroh c of England, in her aacramental teaching, ap- 1 proached too near to tte opus operatun of tte c Church of Rome. Having acquired the convio 1 tion that tte union of tte Church with the 1 State waa contrary to tte spirit of tte Ohristain ] religion, he announced his intention of seceding t from the Church of England, and tte Bishop i of London pressed him to take tte step at once t ratter than unsettle the minds of his hearers, t After he had left St John's several attempts c were made to restore ita declining interests; t but tte vast congregation had dispened, the 1 noble institutions of charity were broken up, and in a few years tte building was pulled down, the roof having first fallen in, and the 1 site is now covered with dwelling-houses. Mr. 1 Noel joined the Baptists, and soon succeeded 3 tte Rev. John Harrington Evans, himself a s seceded clergyman of the Ohuroh of England, 1 in the ministry of John-street ChapeL Having p once clearly stated tte reasons of his Nonoom- f fortuity in a formal work, Mr. Noel settled fa down to a course of public labor, and was d widely known, both before and after bis seces- o sion from the Established. Church, as an elo- « quant and earnest advocate of vital and per- t sons! religion, and never degenerated into a fa mere controversialist. He also warmly sup- t ported tte leading Evangelical societies and « philanthropic movements. The civil war in the o United States, snd the lawless execution of Mr. r Gordon in Jamaica, were events which power- ii folly kindled his fervor, and on each occasion he fa both wrote and spoke strongly in favor of what a he deemed tte cause of liberty snd truth. On t attaining tte age 70 he bud down the duties of v a pastor, although his active labors only ceased n witt tte illness preceding bis death. n The obituary of tte mouth also includes the' t names of Mr. Graves, tte lamented M.P. for ij Liverpool, who waa suddenly stricken down by a heart disease a week ago, and who was dis- d tinguisbed as a philanthropist and sealous poli- t, tioiau; Mr. James Hannay, a brilliant news- t paper writer and novelist; and Mr. F. J. t Sargood, who though chiefly identified with tte a interests of Victoria, will be remembered in all J tte Australian colonies. Mr. Sargood took a n conspicuous part in the legislation of that b province, especially in tte movement for f abolishing ecclesiastical grants, and built up a a large mercantile firm at Melbourne, £ince his 1 return to England he haa resided at Croydon, a where he lived a life of usefulness, aud died f, honored and regretted. Mr. Sargood, from his tl intimate knowledge of tte requirements of c the colony, waa appointed one of tte Ad- h visers- tieneral of "Victoria in this country, « and was present at tte transfer of the < office of Agent-General cf tte colony from n tte Bight Hon, Hugh Childers to Sir James fa McOullooh ou the Bth instant He had long t suffered from tte oomplaint which was fatal (1 to Napoleon HI, but an operation by r-ir t Henry Thompson gave him a respite. But c tte disease had lately again got tte mastery, « and he succumbed to it on Wednesday last a It is a curioui circumstance that he died about B tte same time aa tte Emperor, of the same 3 lisease of tte kidneys and calculus, and that i he was attended by tte same physician, and j even tte same muse. This munificent Christian ( citizen waa buried on Tuesday. The closed , shops and screened windows, and highways a lined by tearful observer* aa tte funeral I corttge wended ita way to tte Norwood Ceme- 0 tery, sufficiently testified to tte respect in which D he was held. The funeral waa studiously simple, i according to Mr. Sargood'* injunction in his c last hours; but a large number of private car- a riagea followed, and the cemetery chapel was , filled to ovei flowing witt mourners, v —~~ i] Ton will, no doubt, have heard by telegraph ( of tte arrival in England of Count Sohouvaloff, t a special envoy from tte Czar, who has had fa many interviews witt Lord Granville, has been * presented to tte Queen, and has returned to St. c Petersburg. The Count came over to settle 1 the Central Asian question—a problem which g haa long been " looming in the distance," and fa which has exercised tte curiosity and ingenuity I of newspaper scribes for the past month. The a question arises in consequence of the gradual £ approach of the Muscovites to the northern a frontier of our Indian Empire, A few weeks ago t our Government sent .a note to St, Petersburg, t requesting either explanations of Bussian policy a or proposing some plan—perhaps a aone of t neutral territory—which would ward <if future r complications. The beat evidenoe of the Cz tr's g desire to respond to Earl Granville's enquiries, i and come to a friendly understanding, was the c sending of Count Sohouvaloff to give explana tions. Russia has <f late years been steadily c advancing in Central Asia, and is now mister of r a considerable putt of Tnrkistan. Taskkend (, and Bokhara have fallen into her bands, and t she holds possession of Samarcand in tte far 3 East The little intervening Kahnate of Khiva c opposes her aims, and would fain that England t should take sides against tte Russians, who fa have lately been badly beaten by the war- j like population of this State, and are c just sending a new expedition to avenge fa the defeat and recover the prisoners whom , they hold in captivity. The difficulties c of tte country, its immense distance from c the Russian, base of operations, tte severity of t tte climate, aud the doubtful allegiance of the f conquered tribes, pre-ent up slight difficulties \ to tte success of the enterprise with whioh t General Kauffman ia charged. It is moreover j said that Jakoub Khan, whom Russii counted g upon aa a friend aad an ally, ia at the head of z 40.000 men armed with breech-loading guns, 1 and under tte command of a Polish officer who c had made his escape from Siberia. He demands the evacuation of Taahkendand the neighbor ing countries, it would seem that; our Govern ment have no objection to this expedition, but 1 do not see tte necessity of a permanent occupa- c tion of Khiva, as it would give Russia undis- < puted sway in Turkestan nearly aa far as 1 h Badak?aan, at the base of tte Indian Caucasus, if Thus Russia would have a footing on the 3- northern slopes of the Himalaya mountains, on w the southern slope of whioh is Afghanistan, tte " barrier to our Indian Empire, and tte two great it EuropeanPowerswouldttusbemnearpioximity. " Would this eventually endanger our hold on " India? The Cabinet of St. Petersburg loudly f protests against such an assumption, aud con i tends that any collision between Russia and \- England must be for generations to oome a mere s chimera. i There is much to be said in favor of this view. On the one side of that mountain range is an i empire large as Europe, a productive soil, i densely peopled, and commanding all tte re , sources of civilization and power in the shape \- of railways, roads, and water communication, . all of whioh are concentrated in tte hands of a i resident Government of great capacity and with i an unchallenged prestige. On tte otter aide of i the Himalayas is a region of far greater area ■ than India, in which tte cultivated districts are i but oases, tte population barbarians or wander- I ing tribes, tte means of communication scanty, i and such commerce as there may be is carried i on by means of caravans. Russia haa undertaken ; for some inscrutable reasons—or perhaps for no i reasons at all save her expansive policy—to subdue this great wilderness, and give to its sparse inhabitants the benefits ef civilisation. Is the Czar to be envied the possession of Cen tral Asia from Siberia to the frontier of Afghan istan ? I think not. It may be of aervioe to tte Russian people as opening new fields of commercial enterprise to the eastward ; it may suit the policy of tte Russian Government as giving active employment to a huge army. But who can say that such a vast territory will be a source of strength to tte Muscovite intruder t It will be a continuous drain upon bis re sources, and a perpetual cause off anxiety to the Government of St. Petersburg. To make this boundless region a profitable acquisi tion, would be the work of a century ratter than a generation. Russia has undertaken tte mighty task, aad will in due time restore order among barbarous races ever in a state of chronic war, make roads through tte waterless desert, open up new avenues for her commerce, and increase the productiveness of tte soil. The question is whether a civilised power like Eng land should interpose, on the ground of pros pective and, perhaps, imaginary dangers to India, to prevent Russia from doing in Central Asia the civilising work which she has accom plished in Hindostan. The actual result of the negotiations at Walmer Castle is not authoritatively known. It would seem to be likely, as the Cologne OaUtU says, that tte Bussian occupation of Khiva will not be opposed by England; bnt if tte occupation became a lasting one, England would permit to Afgh«i{qt.«?i gj, exten sion of territory towards tte north, and place a strong body of troops in Quettah. Thus Afghanistan, tte mountains of which form tte northern btrrier of India, would be come a proteoted instead of an independent State, and a great burden to tte Governor- General and his OonneiL However, UteCsar has strictly forbidden the Bussian papers to discuss the question at issue, from a fear, ao doubt, that they would attack England, and evidently desires to settle tte difficulty in an amicable spirit. Indeed the Official Gazette ef Bt. Petersburg states that tte negotiations com menced three years ago, have been throughout of a very friendly character, and that tte notes recently exchanged show that there is no important difference of views bstween the two powers. The unallotted portion of the South Aus tralian Government 6 per cent. Bonds, £100,000, i waa tendered for at the National Bank of Aus tralasia on the Bth inst. The sum waa small enough to put upon the London market, and might perhaps have been well disposed of in Adelaide, where, as in tte 'other Australian i cities, there seems to ba a plethora of money. 1 However, the amount tendered for at and above ' the minimum waa only £54,700, the avenge , premiums being at the rate of £6 3s. 6d. per 1 cent. But it appears that tte balance, £45.300, i was afterwards disposed of at £105 10*. per cent —the average premium for the whole £100,000 being £105 6s. 6<L, which is a higher 1 prioe than can be secured in any country out of ' England. This speaks well for tte credit of ' tte colony, and the skilful management of your < Agent- General, besides materially enhancing ; the value of tte Bonds. I suppose these are I tte but of the 5 per cent. Bonds to {he brought . out in our market, and that tte consolidation of the bonded debt will now be carried out witt Legislative sanction. Tour late Governor, Sir James Ferguson, safely arrived in London on Sunday evening last, and on Wednesday there appeared in tho Times a communication from Adelaide (which I send herewith) with an outline of His Excel lency's farewell speech, and the impression it produced in the oolony. Unless you have in- ' formation by telegraph, his successor has not < been appointed, though it oan hardly be doubted that Lord Kimberley will appoint some ] one who will be acceptable to tte colonists, which some whose names have been mentioned, ] thoogh I refrain from giving them, could hardly be. I see that the Australian gossipping writer in . tte European Mail suggests Sir Harry Parses, i whom he describes in tte full vigor and prime of life, 45 years of age. with large official expe rience, and a "sound liver," respected and held . in high honor, not alone by tte Government here, but by every cue who has the i advantage of knowing him ; with a mind i totally free from politioal bias. fhe writer goes on to say:—Here is a man, ; now, whose appointment could not fail to com mand the approval of tte people of South Aus tralia. Perhaps it may be objected to him that i in these days, when marquise*, earls, viscounts, i and baronets (snd it is even whispered two I dukes) are ready and quite willing to spend a : few years aa Governor of Australian colonies, tte people of South Australia would think ■ themselves slighted if, after having a baronet ' as Governor, they were reduced to a simple K.C.B. Well, there is no accounting for taites! i but such an objection could be easily overcome < by tte exercise of Her Majesty's moat gracious < favor. Sterling merit and ability ahould go for something, oven when titles do not obtain. There is, however, one reason which points to Sir Harry Pukes as most peculiarly eligible for the post of Governor of South Australia, and that is his intimate knowledge of tte Eastern countries and Archipelago. South Australia has a huge estate in the Northern Territory, whioh can only be transformed from tte costly '' white elephant" it now is, into a most valuable property, by inducing large numbers of tte in habitants ofjthe Japanese seas and Archipelago to settle there, and cultivate eastern product* (by the aid of English capital), for which that northern, tropical, and well-watered country ia so well adapted. Port Darwin would then also soon become a eeoondJSingtpore, an entrepot for English manufactures for the supply of tte teeming millions of tte East, and with this advantage over Singapore, that it would always be accessible for the trading junks, which Singapore is not. The trade winds invariably blow either from the north west or from tte south-east, either of which are fair winds _to pass to and from Port Darwin to the rich island* lying north-ea-t of that port! What do you ttink of my suggestion ? With Sir Hairy Parkea installed at Adelaide there would be a chance of making the Northern Territory such a valuable appendage to South Australia a* would make those South Australians and others who are now going to law witt the Govern ment about the Northern Terri ory Land- Orders, *' repent in sackcloth and asher," that they ever insisted upon giving up the land they bought and did not know what do with. Well, weU, " There are more things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy." This suggestion is not, I fear, practicable. Sir Harry ltf c a few days ago for Japan, where he has so admirably and usefully represented England for many years past. No one could supply his place in that go-ahead Oriental State, and Sir Harry carries out with him special instructions relative to the action of the Japanese Government as respects Chris tianity, and also a kind of commission from some otter European countries to negotiate treaties on their behalf. Perhaps before this reaches you the queatiin, so important for South Australia, will have been decided, and information reached you by tte telegraphic cable. I send you full particulars cf the terrible calamity detailed in tte morning's papers—tte running down of tte emigrant ahip Northfleet, bound to Hobait Town, witt some 400 souls on hoard, of whom it is feared nearly 300 perished. The event has created much sensation, aad espe cially the dastardly conduct of tte captain of tte ateamer (supposed to be Spanish), who, having crashed into tte Noittfteet while off Dungeness, immediately sheered oft", and apite of rockets and the awful screams of tte hapless passengers, proceeded on his oouise without an effort to save any one. There can be little doubt that the steamer will be dis covered. The noble captain who went down in the ship sacrificed himself to his sense of duty, for though his wife waa saved, he ia among the lost. A Committee, with the Lord Mayor at the head, has been promptly formed at the Mansion House, and some subscriptions already sent to Dover to provide for the immediate necessities of the resoued crtw and emigrants. No doubt a fund will be formed for tte relief of their distressed familier. Mixture fob Inmgbstioh.—lnfusion of ca lumba, six ounces; carbonate of potasaa, one drachm; compound tincture of gentian, three drachms. Mix. Dose, two or three table, spoonfuls daily at Boon. 