PTTTTp-mns a \D PHILANTHROPIC. COSSICEATIOK OF THE RoiIAX CATHOLIC Bishop. On Sunday, November 2, many bouth Aus tralians had an opportunity of witnessing one of the most impressive ceremonials of the Roman CatVinlin f-mrrv-i on ovAnf. whjfih maV be Seen perhaps but once in a lifetime, and which certainly will not easily be forgotten by those who were spectators on the occasion. The advancement of a priest to the dignity of the Episcopate must always be regarded as a cir cumstance of importance, and this being the first time in the history of the diocese of Ade laide that the chief p&stor; of the Romish Church here has been consecrated amongst his fleck, gave additional interest to the event. This was intensified by the presence of the Venerable Roman Catholic Primate of Australia and three prelates from the sister colonies, who formed snch an assemblage of the pillars of the Church at has never before been seen in this province. The solemn act of consecration took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cithedral, before a crowded congregation, including many members of other denominations. There were no decorations in the building beyond the gallery and pulpit being draped with crimson, but the panels of the chancel have lately been repainted in a cListe and appropriate style, and the altar was adorned with flowers. The space occupied by the sanctuary was somewhat extended, in order to afford more room. At 10 o'clock a procession entered. First came a boy bearing a large gilt cross, followed by about 30 acolytes in scarlet and white, pre ceding the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, master of the ceremonies ; the Rev. P. Keogh, assistant ; the Revs. Dr. O'Connor (Sydney), M. Hager, T. Bongaerts, C. Von der Heyden, J. Quin lan, P. Moore, P. Hughes, J. Maher, M. O'Connor, and J. O'Sullivan ; Messrs. Wil liams, Carroll, and PettelL Next appeared the assistant consecrators, Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, with his chaplain, the Rev. P. Kennedy ; Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, and his chaplain, the Rev. P. Corcoran. The prelates were attired in mitres and magnificent copes of cloth of gold, the upper portion embroidered with flowers in natural colours. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait land, was attended by the Rev. Father Bourke as chaplain, and had on the ordinary purple of a Bishop. The Archbishop (the Consecrator), who was preceded by an acolyte bearing his silver itastoral staff, followed, attired in vestments of black satin, and supported by his chaplains, Fathers Colletti, of Sydney, and Strele, S.J. At the last came the Bishop-elect, the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds, wearing his biretta and robed in a cope of white moire antique, worked with flowers and fringed with gold. His chaplains were the Very Rev. F. Byrne and the Rev. J. Tappeiner, S.J. Entering the sanctuary, the organ playing the meanwhile, the Metropolitan was conducted to bis throne and robed for mass, the vestments including a tunic of rich lace and a cream coloured satin chasuble, the cross in which was jewelled, and a Gothic micro. He then seated himself before the altar, and the Bi3hop-Elect was conducted before him by the assistant Bishops, and as all the different officials Uok up their positions, the scene, tempered by the sub dued light which came through tho stained glass windows, was very imposing. The assis tants having demanded in Latin (which was tho language throughout the proceedings) consecra tion for the Elect, the oonsecrator's notary (the Rev. F. Byrne) read the apostolic mandate authorizing it. The Bishop-Elect kneeling before the Consecrator took the oath of spiritual fealty and obedience, after which, in reply to an examination from the Consecrator, he promised to bend his understanding to the meaning of divine Scripture and conform to it, to teach the people both by word and example, to keep the traditions of the orthordox fathers, to restrain his conduct from evil, to observe chastity and sobriety, to abstain from earthly business, to observe and teach humility, and to be compassionate to all in need. Next followed an examination as to discipline of the Church on matters of faith. The Elect then kissed the hand of the Conse crator on his knees, and the Consecrator, laying aside his mitre, turned to the altar and began the confiteor or confession of faith. Whilst tha Mass was being proceeded with the assistants led Father Reynolds to his own chapel, where, taking 'off his cope, he was vested with full canonicals. Ilia souttaine wa3 of purple silk, with lace tunic and white and gold chasuble of elegant workmanship. After reading the Mas3 down to the same point as the Consecrator, he returned to the middle altar, where the Consecrator prayed for the blessing of God upou him. Tha dignitaries prostrated themselves whiie the Litany of the Saints was sung, and at ' we beseech theo to hear us,' the Consecrator rose, and making the sign of the cross three time3 over the Elect, besought God to bless, sanctify and consecrate him. The Litany ended, the Bishop-Elect knelt down— the book of the Gospels being held open on his neck and shoulders. Tho Consecrator and assistants touching his head, said, 'Receive the Holy Ghost,' after which the Consecrator offered up thanks, and prayed that the graces which charmed the eye, and wero prefigured in his variety of ornaments and costly apparel, mipbt appear in the conduct of the Eloct. The ' Veni Creator' having been intoned, the Cou secrntor anointed the head of the Elojt, and prayed that he might be endowed with every grace and power. Then the Cousecrator began the antiphon, ' Like ointment on the head that ran d»wn upon the beard of Aaron, which ran down to the skirt of his garment, the Lord hath commanded blessing for ever,' and the 132nd Psalm was said. The hands of the Elect were next anointed, the Consecrator saying, ' May these hands bo anointed with cousecrated oil and the chrism of sanctification. As Samuel anointed David King and Prophet, so be thou anointed and consecrated in the name of God the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, making the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour, Jesus Christ, who hath redeemed us from death and Drought us to the kingdom of heaven. Hear us lovingly, O Almighty Father, eternal God, and giant that we may obtain what we ask of Thee. Througn the same, &c.; Amen.' The pastoral crosier was then blessed and sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to the newly-made Bishop, now called the Consecrated, with these words:— 'Receive the staff of the pastoral office, that you may be piously severe in correcting vices, holding judgment without anger, soothing tho minds of the hearers by pro moting virtues, not losing sight of strictness in the calmness of severity. The Consecrator then blessed the rinir as follows:— 'Lot us pray. 0, Creator and Preserver of mankind, giver of spiritual grace, granter of eternal salvation, do Thou, O Lord, send forth Thy blessing upon this ring, that whoever shall be signed with this sign of our most holy faith, may by tho strength of this heavenly defence be enabled to raise for himself eternal life. Through, Sec. Amen.' Tho ring was sprinkled with holy water, and placed on the finger of tho Consecrated, the Consecrator saying 'Receive this ring, tho sign of fidelity, that, adorned_ with unblemished faith, you may, without stain, guard the Spouse of God, which is His Holy Church. Amen.' The Book of the Gospels, which had all this time been held on the shoulders of the Con secrated, was removed and delivered to him, and the kiss of peace given to him by the Ccu secrator and assistants. The Consecrator and Consecrated proceeded in the Mass as far as the offertory, when tho latter offered to the former two lighted torches, two loavee, and two small barrels of wine, to bo U3ed in the Sacrifice. The ' A^nus Dei' having been sung, both advanced to the same- altar and pro ceeded together in tho Mass, there being oue host and oue chalice for both. The Con secrator gave the place to the Consecrated and the assistants and administered the Communion, after which the mitre aud gloves were separately blessed, and assumed by the Consecrated, who, having been enthroned, passed through the Church with the assistants, giving his blessing to all, the 'Te Deum' being sung during his progress. On their return to the altar more prayers and the Gospel of St. John were repeated, and the Primate aud three prelates retired, the former reappearing dm ing the delivery of the sermon in the vestments which he had worn at first, and the Bishops in purple. The following sermon was given in English by the Bishop of Maitland:— ' Take heed to yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost bath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which 'He hath purchased with His own blood.'— Acts of the Apostles, chap. xx. v. 28. These words, dearly beloved brethren, which I have quoted from the Acts of the Apostles, were addressed by the great Apostle ot the Gentiles to the ancients of the Church of Ephesus with the view of calling their attention to the high commission entrusted to them by God of feeding the people confided to their care, of instructing them in sound doctrine, of preserving them from poisonous pastures, and protecting them from the incursions of the ravenous wolves, who, after his departure, would enter in among them, not sparing the flock. They were addressed, too, under circumstaHces that could not but make a lasting impression on the clergy of Ephesus, for he held out no hope of ever seeing them again. 'And now behold, bound in the Spirit I go to Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befal me there, only that the Holy Ghost in every city witnesseth to me, saying that chains and afflictions wait forme at Jerusalem. And now behold I know that all you among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God shall see my face no more.' It is, I am sure, unnecessary for me to say that the occasion which has called us together to-day is one of great importance and unusual interest, for we are all assembled in great numbers in this Cathedral Church of Adelaide, not only from the various districts of the vast colony of South Australia, but both prelates, priests, and members of the laity have come here to-day from other colonies to testify their deep interest in the solemn proceedings, full of hope and promise for the welfare of the Church and Diocese of Adelaide. The vast crowds here assembled from all quarters of the Diocese, and the attendance of so many members of other denominations, clearly point out to me that you fully appreciate the occasion as I do, rendered still more interesting by the fact that for the first time in the history of this Diocese has its Chief Pastor beeu consecrated in his ownOathe dral and in the midst of | his own flock._ It is always, my dear brethren, a solemn thing to witness the transmission of the Apostolic Office —an act by which the Church renews her vigour, provides for her preservation and expan sion. As the plants throw out the seeds that produce other plants which take their place when they have themselves decayed, so the Church organized by Christ preserves her life and integrity, and meets the exigencies of the hour by the transmission of the Apostolic Office, with all its duties, its graces, and its responsibUitias, from age to age, from generation to generation, from her duly ordained minis ters to others appointed and called by God to the sublime ofiico of the Apostolate. These circumstances all combined, my dear brethren, cannot but fill you with joy, and cause you tore joice at seeing one, I may almost say taken from among yourselves and placed over you to guide and direct you in the ways of salvation, charged with the onerous duty of governing this vast diocese, with a full knowledge of aU its want3 and requirements. But for you, my Lord, placed as you are to-day as a watchman on the towers of Israel, whose light is this day placed on the candlestick, on whose soul God imprints a character that distinguishes you from all other men now and for evermore, it is an event of very great concern. Chribt this day makes you a commander of His hosts, with all the powers and with all the graces attached to that high position. The Church, which is Hia agent in this great work, has endeavoured to impress them on you in the beautiful ceremonial which we are all witnessing with such delight, and which causes you to approach in fear and trembling the venerable pontiffs who by the imposition of their hands pour upon you the Holy Spirit of God, that by His power you may be strengthened ' ' to feed tho flock of God which is among you, taking care thereof not by con straint, but willingly, according to God, neither for the sake of filthy lucre but voluntarily, neither as domineering over the clergy, but being made a pattern of the flock fram the heart.' While all around you, both prelates, priests, and people, are joyful at your eleva tion to the Episcopate, you, my Lord, deeply impressed with the awful responsibility of the dignity to which you have been, through the mercy of God, raised^te-day, seem, if I rightly interpret the sentiments of your inmost soul, to beg our united prayers that the Church of Ade laide may have in you a worthy and useful ad ministrator, so that when the Prince of Pastors shall appear you shall receive a never-fading crown of glory. Impressed with the same spirit, and entering into your f eelings, I shall endeavour to point out the duties of your office, so that all realizing to some extent its heavy burden, may sympathize with you in the anxieties that press on you heavily just now, may aid you by then prayers, and in the course of your Episcopate — which I trust will be a longand useful one— may, by their docility and obedience, alleviate itscaresand lessen its numerous responsibilities. When of old the word of the Lord came to Jeremias, sanctifying him and making him a prophet unto the nations, He said to him ' Whataover I shall command thee thou shalt speak. Be not afraid at their presence, for I am with thee to deliver thee. Behold I have given My words in thy mouth; so I have set thee this day over the nations and over kingdoms to root up and to pull down, and to waste and to destroy, aud to build and to plant. Thou therefore gird up thy loins and arise and speak to them all that I command thee. Be net afraid at their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their coun tenance. For behold I have made thee this day a fortified city and a pillar of iron and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land.' By these words, my brethren, a solemn mission was given to the holy Jeremias, who for that purpose was sanctified in his mother's womb. He was commissioned to speak and preach not only to the Jews, but even to the Gentiles. He was to forewarn both kings and princes of tho land, and the priests and people, of the dreadful calamities that would befal them if they were not converted to the Lord. His mission was not so much to waste or to destroy, but rather to admonish them to avoid the chastisements of heaven, and to exhort them to abandon the wicked ways of sin, the cause of all the miseries which had covered the land. But the mission with which our young Bishop is charged to-day is of a far higher import, comprises far greater powers and perrogatives, and therefore conveys graces morp numerous and more signifieant, symbolized by the beauty, the magnificence and variety of the ceremonial at which we have all assisted with such profit. Christ confers on him to-day not only tho power of speaking, teaching, and reproving, but he imparts to him the power never vouchsafed to his angels in heaven of binding aiid loosing with the full assurance that the sentence pronounced by Him here on earth shall be ratified and con firmed in heaven. The words addressed by Our Lord to his apostles are not only repeated by the three prelates who take a part in the consecration to-day, but theirwondrou3 significance is as fully realised as when pronounced by Christ himself 'As the Father hath sent Me so I also send you. All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore and teack all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Sod and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days oven to the consummation of the world ;' by which words the Apostles were not only appointed Christ's messengers to speak, to preach, and to reprove, but they were made the possessors of these powers aud the treasurers of His heavsnly gifts. And in such a way did they inherit these powecs that whoso ever would reject them would be rejecting God himself. ' He that heareth you heareth Me; he that despiseth you despiseth Me.' Behold, my dear brethren, what we witness here to-day, the fulness and perfection of the priesthood con ferred on your Bishop, that he may exercise its functions for the advantage of both priests and people, and dispense its wonderful graces to the souls of men. Truly he is set up to- day as a master in Israel, as a faithful sentinel on the heights of Mount Sion to guide and direct, to build and to plant, to root up and pull down, to waste and to destroy, to exercise for a time the wondrous powers of the eternal priesthood of Christ, to sanctify your souls in His name, and to raise them up from tho sorrows of this valley of tears to Heavenly bliss and glory everlasting. Yes, my brethren, I repeat it, it i3 not simply a declaratory power with which he i3 invssted, but a real life-giving power is conferred on him by which he shares God's heavenly gift?, that he may convey them to his Bock, and dispense food, medicine, and whatever else they need amid the toils and dangers of their pilgrimage here on earth. And, my brethren, if to-day your Bishop becomes the treasurer of greater powers and blessings than were vouchsafed of old to the Prophet Jeremias, we need not be ashamed to confess that the miseries and calamities which have come upon the world in this age of boasted civilisation and progress point out to us the necessity of their being dispensed in season and out of season for the benefit of the faithful, who are continually led astray by the false maxims of the world, and by tha perverse teaching of false prophets. For never perhaps before was the Church of Christ, her Supreme Head, and her Bishops engaged in such a deadly warfare as in the present age. If Jeremias were set up by God as a prophet to the nations and made a fortified city, a pillar of iron and a wall of brass, because of the evils that then prevailed, how mich more necessary now-a-days, when the kings and princes of the world have all conspired against Christ and His anwnted, and are set up in battle array against His holy Church ; and when, to use the words of the Fathers of the Vatican Council, ' unceasing effort* are made by modern rationalism to banish Christ our Lord and oar Saviour from the minds of men, and from the life and customs of the nations;' how much more necessary, I say, is it that those who are appointed rulers of the Church of God shauld be tilled with Hia Holy Spirit, and furnished with all the weapons necessary to fight a good fight, to preserve the faith, and to fulfil their ministry. If the Apostle St Paul could address the Christians in his day in the following words : — 'Put you on the armour of God that you may oe atle to stand against the snares of the Devil. For our wrestling is not against flesh and blood; but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high places. Wherefore take unto you the armour of God that you may be able to resist in the evil day and to stand in all things perfect' And again, if the same Apostle could admonish hia beloved disciple, Timothy, keeping in view the dangers and evils that then threatened the Church of Ephesus, ' I charge thee before God and Jesus Christy who shall judge the living and the dead, by His coming and His kingdom, preach the Word ; be instant in season and out of season; reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine, for there shall be a time when they will not bear sound doctrine, but according to their own desires they will heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and will turn away indeed their hearing from the truth, and will be turned to fables. But be thou vigilaut, labour in all things, do the work of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry.' My brethren, how much stronger grounds have we for repeating the same admonitions to the young prelate who by the imposition of hands inherits the same graces, the same powers, the same authority that was vouchsafed to Timothy, that he too, for the advantage of his flock, may preach the Word, be instant in season and out of season; may reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine; may be ever vigilant, labour in all things, do the work of a Bishop, and fulfil bis ministry. Yes, my brethren, the duties of a Catholic Bishop are such as to be dreaded even by angels; for he is called upon not only to oppose the maxims of a world which ignores God and despises the religion of Christ, but he is required to guard his flock from the pernicious principles which are continually circu lated in the public Press, subversive alike of the supernatural and natural order established by God for the benefit of mankind. The principles which are now commonly proclaimed in the world withdraw man from the control of all religious influence. What is known as the ' naturalism' of the present age banishes God from all the arrangements of human affairs, whether affecting the nations of the earth, the family circle, or the individual; utterly ignoring His Holy Church, and repudiating the benign influence of religion, indeed, the enemies of religion, as has been observed by the present glorious Pontiff, aim at the destruction of that necessary coherence or connection that by God's arrangement intervenes between tho natural and supernatural order. It is tho old conflict between good and evil, between obedience and revolt, between the Church and the world, between God and Satan. This spirit of naturalism rejects altogether the in fluence of supernatural revelation ; it only re gards the interests of this world, and drives men on to the attainment of their ambitious purposes without any regard to the Creator of the universe, whom they do not recognise as superior to themselves, if they acknowledge His existence at all. By this resistance to divine authority is brought on rebellion to human, which derives its force and sanction from its Author, who is no other but God. ' Those who sow the wind shall reap tho whirlwind.' Hence we find that opinions are propagated which strike at the very founda tions of Christianity, introducing a fatal system of rationalism, and virtually excluding any intervention of Providence from the world. Hence even the sacred character of the mar riage contract is ignored, and all its sacra mental influences and graces are set aside. As a necessary consequence we find divorce legalized in the midst of Christian com munities in defiance of the Word of God that what He has joined it should be lawful for no man to put asunder. Hence, too, in this age of progress the very foundations of social and domestic happiness are undermined. But the chief aim of the naturalism of this age is to control the education of youth, and to withdraw their minds from all religious in fluence — to banish God and His Holy Church from the school. Systems of education are pro pounded which only embrace the knowledge of human affairs, and to pay no attention to the interests of immortal souls. The Catholic Church, on the contrary, continually impresses on parents the salutary maxim of our Divine Lord — ' What doth it profit a man if he gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul?' What will it profit parents or their children to gain all knowledge, and to attain the greatest success in this world, if through their fault, and by being exposed to the dangers of bad systems of education, they suffer the loss of that faith without which it is impossible to please God? In this question of education tho voice of the Church has been continually raised in the interests of youth, in order to pro tect them from the snares which are laid for their destruction, and which are devised for the purpose of undermining their faith. Our present Holy Father Pope Pius IX. has declared that 'Catholics cannot approve of a system of educating youth unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of social life.' In other words, Catholics cannot approve of an education which fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is to live for ever. It will, therefore, be your duty, my Lord, to take care, indeed, of the whjle flock over which the Holy Ghost has placed you as Bishop, but in particular to watch over children and young men. To use the memo rable words of the illustrious Pontiff, Pius VII., addressed in tho year 1800 to the Bishops of the Catholic world— ' Children ought to be the especial object of your paternal love, your vigilant solicitude, of your zeal, of all your care. The^y who have tried to subvert society and families, to destroy authority divine anil human, have spared no pains to infect and corrupt youth, hoping thus tho more easily to carry into effect their infamous projects. They know that the mind and heart of young persons, like soft wax, to which oue may give what form he pleases, are very susceptible of every sort of impression ; that they keep tenaciously, when age has now hardened them, those which they had early received, and reject others. Thence the well-known proverb, taken from the Scriptures — ' A young man according to his way, even when he is old he will not depart from it' Suffer not, then, venerable brethren, the children of this world to be more prudent in this respect than the children or light. Exaaine, therefore, with the greatest attention to what manner of persons is confided tne edu cation of children, and the young men in the colleges and seminaries; of what sort are the instructions given them; what sort of schools exist among you ; of what s«rt are the teachers in the Lyceums. Examine int« all thi3 with the greatest care; sound everything; let nothing escape your vigilant eye. Keep off, repulse the ravening wolves that seek to devour these inno cent lambs; drive out of the sheepfold those which have gotten in; remove them assoonascan be; for such is the power which has been given to you by the Lord for the edification of your sheep.' Uhese are the words of the venerable Pontiff, Pius VII., which I take the liberty of addressing to you, my Lord, to-day, and to remind you of 'the ever tender care and anxious solicitude which you are called on to extend to the little ones of the fold. I regret that in the discharge of the duty imposed upon me on this solemn occasion I should be obb'ged to say something in regard to the differences that have within the last few years sprung up amongst the peaceful com munity of South Australia on the subject of education; but unfortunately that spirit of liberalism which has characterized the old country in Europe, and which has been waging a continual war against the Church of God in Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, has found its way into these colonise, and our statesmen who control the destinies of this fair and promising land have not hesitated to walk is the footsteps of the crafty statesmen of the other hemisphere, who, for their own purposes, were straining every nerve to enslave the Churck of God, to cra«b her power, and to banish her priests from the schools and colleges over which from time im memorial they exercised their legitimate autho rity. It is a matter of regret that in this free land these principles should find any countenance or support, and that any section of the com munity, no matter how small or insignificant, should be deprived of their legitimate rights or privileges pn account of their conscientious views. It is, however, a fact which I cannot but deplore on this occasion, that ths Catholics of South Australia cannot derive any benefit from or share in the funds which are destined for educational purposes in the colony. What is called common or mixed education is pro claimed throughout the length and breadth of South Australia, and what has been accom plished in many countries of Europe and America, to the great detriment of religion. The public schools and othor institutions destined for the education of Catholic youth are withdrawn from tho authority of the Church,, from the control of her legitimate pastors,, and from the benign influence of religion. The present glorious Pontiff, Piux IX., ex pounds so clearly and sa forcibly the views of the Catholic Church on this important subject, in his famous letter, addressed somo years ago to the Archbishop of Friebourg, in Germany, that I cannot forbear quoting from it at Bomo length:—' It is not wonderful, he says, ' that the unhappy efforts of wicked men should be directed chiefly to corrupt the training and education of youth, and there is no dpubt that the greatest injury is inflicted on society when the directing authority and salutary power of the Church are withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For this society is, little by little, de prived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure tbo foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life, his last end hereafter, eternal happiness. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life oa earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and lies; and education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutory moral precepts, instructs the minds and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone.to evil, must infallibly produce a genoration which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will be a source of the greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own famOies. But if this detes table system of education, so far removed from Catholic faith and ecclesiastical authority, becomes a source of evils both to individuals and to society when it was employed in the higher teachings, and in schools frequented by the better class, who does nat see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools ? For it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruc tion, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Where, fore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degrep than other educational institutions all the care, soli citude, and vigilance of the Church.' The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit, of hostility towards her and by the desire of extinguishing amongthe people the divine light of our holy faith. The Chuich which has founded those 'schools has ever re garded them with the greatest care and interest, and looked upon them as the chief object of her ecclesiastical authority and government, and whatsoever removed them from her in flicted serious injury both on her and on tho schools. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country thi3 pernicious design of removing the schools from thp ecclesiastical authority should be enter tained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there tho Church would be in duty bound not only to use hor best efforts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faitbful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.' It is unnnces sary for me to remind this congregation that our Holy Father tho Pope, who addressed these solemn words, is the Supreme Ruler of the Churcb, the infallible teacher of divine truth, who holds the place of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of His Church, the head and father of the universal famUy which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive hia decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God Himself, whose representative ho is on earth. But it may be said that the system of education adopted in this colony does not banish roligious teaching from the primary schools ; for I learn that it is proposed that the Holy Scriptures should be read by the children attending the Government or public schools of this colony. This does not, and will not, remove our objection, but rather increases our opposition to and disapproval of the system ; for without taking into consideration the memo rable words of St. Peter the Apostle, that there are many things in the Scrptures hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest to their own destruction, the Catholic Church has always taught that roligious instruc tion must be given under the authority of her legitimate pastors, and by those duly appointed by her Bishops. I have in my hands a remark able petition, signed by the Archbishops and Bishows of Ireland, which was presented to the British Parliament in tbe year 1824 ; that is to say, five years before Catholic emancipation, when the Irish Catholics were engaged in their great struggle to live as free citizens in their native U id. It shows that, though the Catholics of Irelanu were at that time debarred from tho exercise of their civil rights and privileges, the slavery and sufferings under which they groaned for almost 300 years only had the effect of making them more stedfast in their faith, and more attached to the principles and prac tices of their holy religion. I quote the follow ing passage from the petition to whicn I refer. They say ''that in the Roman Catholic Church the literary and religious instruction of youth aro universally combined, and that no system of education which separates them can be acceptable to the members of her Communion ; that the re ligious instruction of youth in Catholic schools is alwavs conveyed by means of catechetical in struction, daily prayer, ani the reading of reli gious books, wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated ; that Roman Catholics have ever considered the reading of the sacred Scriptures by children as an inadequate mean3 of imparting to them religious instruction, as a. usage whereby the Word ef God is made fiaMe to irreverence, youth exposed to misunderstand its meaning, and thereby not unfrequently tcv receive in early life impressions which may afterwards prove injurious to tkeir own best, interests, as well as to those of the society which they are destined to form; that schools whereof the master professes a religion different from that of his pupils, or from which such religious instruction as tne Catholic Church prescribes for youth is excluded, or in which books and tracts not sanctioned by it are read or commented on, cannot be resorted to by the children of Roman Catholics; and that threats and rewards have been found equally unavail ing as a means of inducing Catholic parents to procure education for their children from such persons or in acch schools; that any system, of education incompatible with the discipline, of, the Catholic Church, or superintended ex clusively by persons professing a religion diffe rent from that of the vast majority of the poor of Ireland, cannot possibly be acceptable to the latter, and must in its progress be slow and embarrassed, generating often distrust and discord, as well as a want of that mutual good faith and perfect conSdence which should pre vail between those who receive benefits and those who dispense them.' These words, written so many years ago by the prelates of Ireland, seem so appropriate to the wants of the present day in these colonies that— although I admit we are living under very different cir cumstinces, and enjoying the rights granted to us ail under the Constitution— I have taken the liberty of quoting them. We Catholics profass our belief in the Scriptures, but at the : sarna time we declare that neither the coa- ! science, the reason, the light, nor the moving spirit of each individual is the legitimate inter preter of them, but the Church of God, the pOlar and ground of truth, to which has been ; entrusted the deposit of the faith that she may guard and protect it for the enlightenment and guidance of her children, and hand it down, un tarnished and unsullied, without change, spot, or wrinkle, from generation to generation, until time shall be no more. I am well aware that the course pursued by the Catholics of this and other colonies, and especially by the Bishops in regard to education, has frequently been made the subject of severe strictures an i comments. It has been said that we desire to have the whole education of the country in our own hands, to enforce our views not only on our own flocks, but even on those who differ from us in religion. We are charged with the des re to appropriate to our own purposes, and acco l ingto our own views, the public funds destin I j for the educational interests of the colonies. 1 1 ! has been said, notwithstanding our rspeate ' assurances to the contrary, that we object to ?our schools being inspected and examined as to the character of the teaching given in them, and as to their general efficiency, by Gevern ment officials, or by those duly appointed by the Boards of Education. We have only to state, in reply, what we have repeatedly said before. The Bishops, as in duty bound, are making every sacrifice to secure a good Catholic education for their own Hocks; they declare that in the discharge of their solemn duties as rulers of a portion of the Church of Christ, and chief pastors of His flock, responsible to the Prince of Pastors for every soul committed to their charge, it is their first and paramount duty to attend to the pastures in which the little ones of the fold are fed, and to the doctrines with which they are nourished. But the rights which the Bishops and Catholics of these colonies claim for themselves they cheer fully grant to those of other communions. If they prefer mixed education, as far as we are concerned, by all means let them have it ; and should any other system 'be agreeable to any particular sect, let them hate their way, and let them be entitled to a proportionate share of the public funds destined for education, provided the secular teaching be found on enquiry and examination by the duly appointed inspectors to satisfy the requirements of the law. We Catholics, on the other hand, shall be always ready to admit the inspectors into our schools to examine their state and effi ciency, and if on a fair and impartial examina tion they are found not to reach tho stindard as I to the course of secular teaching let the Govern- j ment aid be withdrawn. But if in our Catholic | schools the course of secular teaching is found J satisfactory, and to meet all the requirements of the law, let not the teaching of the holy Catholic faith or of its holy practices deprive us of the pecuniary aids to which by the law of the land we may be entitled, and from which we \ should not be debarred on account of our re- j religious and conscientious views. Behold, my ] Lord, the great mission which is placed in your hands to-day. like Jeremias, the Prophet, ' you are made a fortified city to defend this diocese, [to secure a good Catholic educatior for its Catholic people. You are made, too, a pillar of iron, to encourage, support, and strengthen both priests and people in securing your rights ; and you are made a wall of bras3 over all this diocese, to resist the aggressioii3 and efforts of those in power who would banish from your Catholic schools that holy religion for which your and their fathers bled and die I. ' For behold I have made you this day a forti fied city, and a pillar of iron, and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land. Be not afraid of their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their countenance, and they shall fight against thee, and shall not prevail. For I am with thee, saitb. the Lord, to deliver thee.' And our Divine Redeemer, when sending hia Apostles on the same mission with which he charges you to-day, he announced to them that they would be brought before governors, and before kings, and he said:—' But when they shall deliver you up, be not thoughtful how or what to speak, for it shall be givenyou in that hour what to speak. For it is not you that speak, but the spirit of the Father that speaketh in you.' But it was not only to the kings and princes of Judah Jere mias was sent, but to the priests and people of the land; and so you to-day, my Lord, are ap pointed the guide, the light, and Father of both priests and people in this vast diocese. It is true that the priests now under your jurisdiction are, in many respects, like you — the helpers of God, His agents and instruments, freely co operating with Christ in that great work which He prizes so highly, on which His heart was set from eternity, which caused Him to come down to this earth, for which He laboured anl died. They are your equals in that which is most sublime— the offering of the great sacrifice, and the administration of many of the sacra ments. But jou now possess this power in its fullness; and moreover, it is under your autho rity that they discharge their duties and exercise the solemn functions of the ministry. It is for you to assign to each one his sphere of action, to quicken, rule, and.direct; to bo the eye that sees all, that watches over all, that is account * able to God and responsible to men for all. To jou alone belongs that authority which is tho .guardian and the pledge of faithful adherence to duty in this portion of tho vineyard of the Lord. You have only to consider the various figures under which the Church of God, and jour relations to it, are represented, to form a correct idea of the character of your sacred office. The Church you know is represented as the spouse} of Jesus ^Christ, pure and unde filed, not having spot or wrinkle. Her purity entrusted to your guardianship. It is for you, with the powerful weapons which God has placed in your hands, to preserve that purity, and to ?war against all that would tarnish her beauty. If this Church of Adelaide during her long widawhood has suffered from any abuses or irre gularities that may have crept in, it will be your duty to remove them. You are called on by the nature of your office to protect and defend her, and to wage an incessant war against all that would sully her fair name. Again, the Church is represented as an army in battle array, and jou are placed at the head of this army toguide and direct it in the great battle in which all are engaged against the world, the flesh, and the devQ. All your flock are indeed fighting in the same cause, but under your authority an-l command. And it you fail for want of vigilance, or singleness of purpose, or devoted ness, it will be vain to expect victory from tin bravery of those under your charge. The Church is a ship bearing a precious freight to the heavenly port through the troubled sea of this world, and you are its pilot appointed to 6teer it through the rocks and quicksands that are sure to come in her way in whatever course you may direct it. If you fail in a vigilant eye er a steady hand, nothing but confusion among those who are under your care, and total wreck will be their lot. The Church is a house —the house of God ; you are a steward in that house ; to you are committed all its treasures. Be a faithful steward, so that on the last day you may have to rejoice that you have been God's faithful minister in dispensing tho treasures that were entrusted to your safe keeping. Onerous duties have been imposed upon you to-day; all your efforts must be directed to tho interests of this Church of Adelaide, to which you are now wedded by an almost indissoluble bond, symbo lized bylthe ring which has been put upon your finger. The cross too has been placed upon your breast t« remind you that you will have trials and afflictions, which mast be borne with all meekness and patience; and the staff which you bear in your hand reminds you of the power and authority which jou have received from Jesus Christ for the edification of the people entrusted to your pastoral care, ana yei, my Lord, hov different is your position from that of the Prophet Jeremiaa, to whom it was announced br the Lord that not only the kings of Judah ana the princes thereof, but also the priests and the people, should fight against him, and yet ha was to fear them not. But you, my Lord, are here today, surrounded by your priests and faithful people, who have come here to testify their affection, their loyalty, and obedience to your sacred person, and to asaure you that nothing will be wanting on their part to lighten the heavy responsibilities of your sacred office. Yes, my Lord, you will allow me to say, before I conclude, the position you hold ought to encourage and sustain you in discharging- the onerous duties which you undertake to-day. The prelates, the clergy, and the people prostrate before the altar of God in this noble Cathedral, have offered their fer vent and united prayers that you may be en dowed with that strength and fulness of the Spirit of God to govern this diocese with wisdom, moderation, and firmness. 'This union which exists between you, the clergy, aud your peoplii, of which I see a signal proof before ma in this vast congregation, is a pledge to me that this diocese under your administration will bo a fortified city, a pillar of iron, a wall of brass, and like an army in battle array will advance to victory. This closed the ceremony, after which His Grace, their Lordships, and the clergy were entertained at luncheon by Dr. Gunson. Clebical Changes. — In consequence of the ill-health which the Very Rev. Dean Fitzgibbon has suffered during his residence in Kapunda, he has, at his own request, been removed to his former sphere of labours at Mount Gambier, for which place he left Adelaide by the Coorong recently. We understand ho will be assisted in the charge of the Mount Gambier Mission by the Rev. John Faustus Roche, who, up to the present time, has been in charge of the Penola Mission, which in future will be served by the Rev. Timothy Murphy, now of Mount Gambier. The Kapunda Mission has been placed temporarily under the charge of the Rev. Jas. Maher. Wesleyan District Meeting.— Southern' District. The first session of the above meeting com menced on Tuesday, October 21, in the Pirie street Lecture-Hal), at 11 a.m., by the Chaibmak (the Rev. W. L. Binks) giving out the hymn 'A charge to keep I have.' The Rev. Messrs. Wilsos and Bickford en gaged in prayer. On the roll being called, it was found that the following ministers were present:— The Revs. W. L. Binks, Kent Town; M. Wilson, Littlehampton; J. Bickford, Pirie street; W. P. Wells, Prince Alfred College; T. Lloyd, North Adelaide; G. Lee, Mount Barker; G. W. Patchell, M.A., Gilbert-street; W. S. Worth, Yankalilla; H. T. Burgess, Norwood; A. Rigg, Brompton; T. Edmeades,Willunga; J. Y. Simpson, Strathalbyn; J. Nicholson, Claren don; J. Read, Gumeracha; and S. T. Withing ton, Port Adelaide. The following ministers were reported as absent, the cause being given: —Revs. T. James; J. Allen, Goolwa; C. T. Newman, Mount Gambier; and B. G. Edwards, P«rt Lincoln. The Chairman referred to the small number of brethren present as compared with former years, arising from the division of the colony into two Districts. He mantioned with thankful ness the fact that death had not invaded their ranks here, though in the adjoining colony they had sustained such losses. Affectionate tribute was paid to the memory of tho late Rev. E. B. Burns. He then gave earnest words of welcomo to the Rev. Jas. Bickford, who during tho year had arrived in the province from Victoria. The election of officers then took place. Tho balloting for the Secretary of the District resulted in a tie between the Revs. J. Bickford and W. P. Wells. Both gontlemen requested, through pressure of other Church work, to be allowed to retire from the election. A fresh ballot placed the Rev. A. Rigg at the head of the poll. The Rev. H. T. Burgess was choseu Assistant Secretary, Rev. S. T. Withingtou Journal Secretary, and the Rev. J. Nicholson reporter to the Press. The question of ministerial fidelity was answered satisfactorily, the Chairman express iegthe hope that this godly practice of watching over each other in love would ever continue in force, as it had conduced largely to the purity of the ministerial ranks. He then requested that the brethren would sanction his application to become a supernumerary at the next Con ference if his health continued as uncertain as it had been during the past year. He felt unequal to do full work, and had very reluctantly pre sented this request. The Revs. Wells, Rigrg, Bickford, and Burgess spoke in loving terms of the Chairman's labours, and drew attention to the fact that hia Circuit, by its cordial invitation to him to remain, had ex pressed perfect contentment with and grateful appreciation of his services. Ultimately, on tho motion of the Rev. A. Rigg, the following reso lution was passed:—' That the Chairman having expressed a fear lest he should not be able to do the work of his Circuit during the coming year ; yet at the earnest request of the brethren ho was willing to defer making any formal applica tion to the ensuing Conference to be super annuated, in hope that his health might be eo established in the interim as to render such a step unnecessary.' No candidates were reported as offering for I the ministry. I The following resolution was moved by the i Rev. J. Bickfobd, concerning the attendanca at ; the Adelaide Conference of tho Wesleyan I ministers in T7ssterri Australia -? I ' That the Conference of 1873, in adopting & plan for the formation of Annual and General Conferences for the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Connexion, having included Western Australia in the South Australian Conference, this District Meeting desires to send Christian greeting to their brethren in that colony, and hereby invites those of them who can conve niently do so to attend the Conference of 1874 in Adelaide,' The Rev. W. P. Wells was instructed to pre pate a resolution of condolence with Mrs. Burn* in hor bereavement. Second Day : Wednt: sdat, October 23. The Rev. T. Lloyd opened the session wit k prayer. The statistical returns wero presented, and became a fruitful subject of remark. They showed that there were in the Southern District — Churches 103, ministers 19, Sabbath-school teachers 913, scholars 6,725, local preachers 133, class- leaders 204, baptisms 380, full members 2,605; on trial for membership 95. It was found that a large number of removals from Southern Circuits had caused a decrease in the District, but the meeting was glad to learn that ! the increase in the Northern District more than ? compensated for the losses, the increaso for the j colony being 37 full members. j The Rev. H. T. Burgess, as the Financial ; Secretary of the South Australian Wesleyan | Magazine, gave in his report, which was very | cheering, and was adopted. The number issued ; had nearly reached 3,000, and the net profit on i the year was £41 3s. 11. Much of the succes^ ? was spoken of as due to the able editorship oi ; the Rev. W. P. Wells. Mr. Burgess moved a i vote of thanks to the Editor. The Rev. J. ! Bickford seconded, and the Revs. Patchell and Lee supported. A similar compliment was paid to the Rev. H. T. Burgess, and he was reap pointed. Third Day : Thursday, October 23. The meeting was opened with prayer by the Rev. J. Bickford. As Circuit Stewards there were present t- i take part in the business of the Church Loar Fund* Committee— Messrs. J. Colton, J.P., anc J. S. Greer, of Pirie-street ; G. Shorney, Pori | Adelaide ; W. Maslin, Willunga ; J. Carr, M.P., ? Clarendon ; J. W. Parsons, Mount Barker ; G. i Stephens and A. Catt, Strathalbyn ; and W. j Osborne, Goolwa. The Treasurer, Mr. ColUn ? reported that the Fund had reached £1,390, ; Half that amount was declared available foi ! the Southern District by a Committee formoc '? in accordance with the following resolution :— 1 'That a Chapel and Building Loan Fund Com i mittee be appointed for South Australia, wfcc shall divide* the amount available for loan between the propesed districts on such prin^ ciples of distribution as may seem to them most likely to meet the requirements of our Churck such Committee to consist of the Chairman, ol each District, together with two other ministers and three laymen to be elected by each District meeting.' Application for loans from various Church trusts amounted to £1,975. The moat 1 pressing cases having been placed before the c meeting in clear terms, resulted ia tbe following 1 amounts being voted:— Pirie-street Church, j £250; Port Adelaide, £50;Queen'sOwnTown,£50; ] Sunning Hill, £50; Houghton, £50; Sellick's 1 HOI, £100 ; CalUngton, £100. ] The Financial District Meeting went into session with the addition of the following gentle men :— Messrs. G. W. Cotton (Pirie-street), : E. H. Butler (Port Adelaide), W. Rhodes (Kent i Town), W. Chambers (Willunga), D. Simpson i (Clarendon). A schedule of all the new Church properties was prepared and read by the Rev. J. i Bickford, showing the amount of new erections i and enlargements to be £6,495. The Rev. H. ? T. Burgess read a general property schedule, : defining the value of Church property at £92,304, . and the debt on the property to be £21,713. The report of the Church Building and Loan Fund Committee was submitted, and accepted on the motion of Mr. Carr, M.P. Thanks were passed to the Rev. S. Knight for his interest in and labours for the Loan Fund; Mr. T. G. Water house for his, yearly gift of £100: and to trustees who had contributed. Tho sale of several Church properties was approved. Mr. Colton, the Treasurer of the Home Mission and Church Extension Fund, reported the income to be £1,100. The following: amounts were granted from that portion of the Fund allocated to the Southern District by the Committee appointed for that purpose, viz. : — Gumeracha, £45; Goolwa, £50; Mount Barker, £35; Port Lincoln, £25; Yankalilla, £25; and Port Adelaide, £20. The subjoined resolution, moved by Mr. J. Colton and seconded by the Rev. T. Lloyd, was carried : — ' That it be recommended to the ensuing Conference to consider the advisability of establishing a fund for the purpose of bringing out occasionally ministers from England suitable for our colonial work.' It was also resolved 'to recommend the Conference to consider whether it be pot desirable for the business of the Home Mission Fund and Loan Fund to be transacted at the Conference,' and a Committee of ministers and laymen was appointed to further consider the details of such a scheme prior to the meeting of the Conference. As representative of the District the Rev. J. Bickford was chosen by the united votes of ministers and laymen. The election of various Connexional Com mittees followed. After an interesting discussion took place on a very able paper read by the Chairman upon Church membership generally, and the relation of the youth of the Church thereto, an adjourn ment took place for tea. EVENING SESSION. Tho reports of the Prince Alfred College and the Wesleyan Book Depot were remitted to the Conference. A resolution from the Pirie-street Circuit Quarterly Meeting anent open Con ferences occupied the earnest attention of the meeting. The Rev*. Bickford, Wells, Rigg, Burgess, Allen, Withington, and Messrs. J. Colton, G. W. Cotton, Greer, and A. Catt took part in the discussion. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. A. Catt, that the subject be referred to the Annual Conference of 1875. Certain recommendations from a Committee appointed on lay delegation were handed to the gentlemen assembled. On the motion of the Rev. W. P. Wells, this matter was remitted to the consideration of the Adelaide Conference in January next. The thanks of the meeting were given to the Educational Committee for valu able services rendered during the year, the laymen for their able attention to the business of the meeting, and the Chairman for his effi cient presidency. The meeting terminated with the benediction. Fourth Dat : Friday, October 24. The minutes and journal were read, discussed, and passed. As the Rev. G. W. Patchell, M.A., had retired from the editorship of the Wesley an Magazine during the year, after a service of five years in that capacity, a most hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him for his efficient and successful labours during that period. _ The invitations of the different Circuits to ministers were then read and recorded. The following regulation was passed relating to marriages performed by one minister in the Circuit of another, viz., 'That the minister performine tho ceremony retain half the foe, the remaining half to be handed over to the authori ties of the Circuit in which the ceremony takes place.' A report of the Branch Provisional Theo logical Institution, together with the course of study followed therein, was submitted by the President of Prince Alfred College, and ac cepted. The Rev. W. P. Wells read the letter of sympathy to the widow of tho late Rev. E. B. Burns lie had been instructed to prepare at a provions session, and it received the hearty sanction of the meeting. The reading of the 'Liverpool Minutes,' which aro a compendium of a Wesleyan minister's duties, is always a deeply interesting event. They were road by tho Chairman in his most impressive manner, and then became the subject of general remarks, in which several aspects of the work of God were dealt with by the Revs. Bickford, Rigg, Nicholson, Lloyd, Simpson, and Patchell. It was resolved that the next Annual District Meeting should be held on the third Tuesday in October, 1874. The minutes of the whole session were read and declared complete, and the meeting was then formally closed with earnest prayer by the Chairman for abounding spiritual prosperity in the coming year. Wesleyan District Meetiko.— Nokthirh District. The first meetingjjf the Northern District Ocamlttee of the Wesleyan Church in South Australia commenced its sessions in the Wes leyan Schoolroom, Gawler. on Tuesday morning, October 21. There were 'present— The Rev. S. Knight, of Moonta, Chairman of the District, who presided; Revs. H. Mack, Clare; R. S. Casely, Gawler; C. H. Goldsmith, Kapunda; J. B. Stephenson, Kooringa; J. Haslam, Auburn; P. C. Thomas, Angaston; W. H. Rofe, Blinman; J. H. Trevorrow, Port Wakefield; W. H. Pollard, Belalie; T. M. Rowe, Blinman; W. T. Carter, Troubridge; R. Kelly, Templers; and J. Langsford, Broughton. The meeting having been opened with devotion, the Rev. R. S. Casely congratulated Mr. Knight upon his appointment to the chair of the newly-formed District by the last Conference, and assured him of the esteem and confidence in which he was held by his brethren. These remarks were supported by other ministers, and endorsed by the unanimous vote of the meeting. The Rev. S. Knight expressed his gratitude for the cordial reception given to him, and .the kind things said concerning his appointment. He could not help reviewing the years that had elapsed since his admission into the ministry, and thanking God that he still retained his posi tion, and enjoyed the confidence of the Church. He relied upon the sympathy and support of the meeting in the discharge of hi3 official duties. A shade of sadness, the Chairman remarked, was cast over those present by the recent death of the Rev. E. B. Burns, who had formerly resided in two Circuits of the District, but his ? friends had the satisfaction of believing that he : was now enjoying the reward of his labour. He \- hoped that the year would be one of great success, and that the grace and blessing of God i would rest upon all the Churches. i The meeting then elected the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith Secretary, the Rev. R. Kelly Assis tant Secretary, and the Rev. R. S. Casely Journal Secretary. The hours of daily session ) were fixed. It was ascertained that there were no candi \- dates for the ministry in the District for the pre i sent year. Arrangements were made for the I examination of probationers, and various ; preaching appointments. The general and financial returns from Circuits were handed in to the Secretary, to be considered at a later stage of the proceedings. The return showed , an increase in the membership in the District of , 172, with 128 on trial. No deaths had occurred ? among the oiinisters stationed within the Dis I trict, but affectionate tribute was paid to the ? memory of the Rev. E. B. Burns, and also of Mr. Armstrong, who was last year received as a pro \- bationer, but died about two months ago in Adelaide. Mr. Mack was requested to prepare ? a letter of condolence to Mrs. Burns in her ; bereavement ; The examination of ministerial character and ' faithfulness waa next made, and after this tbe ; subject'of dividing certain Circuits was discussed ; with the following result, viz., Gawler to U ; divided, the new Circuit to consist of Templers, teeliDp, Shaaoak Log, and Wader's, and to b« ! jailed Templers and Freeling Circuit Wai- i aroc— One Circuit, to be called MoonU Circuit, 1 ind to include Moonta, Moonta Mines, East Moonta, and Yelta ; the other, Kadina Circuit, ] ;o include Kadina, Wallaroe Mines, Wallaroo, ' Sew Town, and Pittenweem. ? Second Day : Wednesday, Octobeb 22. In addition to the ministers present on the 5rst day the Rev. A. Stubbs, of Kadina, ittended, and explained that he had been .inavoidably detained in Kadina. An additional minister was asked for by several Circuits, and in the following cases Con ference was recommended favourably to enter tain the application:— Gawler, the additional minister to remain at Templers; Kooringa; Auburn, to reside at Riverton; and Wallaroo, to reside at Moonta Mines. The question of occupation of new stations was discussed, but no recommendations to Conference _ were made. The returns from the Circuits of the number of members were presented by the Secretary, and discussed at length. The examination of two probationers, whose four years' probation had passed, occupied the remainder of the session. Third Day : Thursday, October 23. On Thursday the Financial District Meeting assembled at 11. In addition to the ministers there were present, as representatives from various Circuits. Messrs. Sanderson and Clement, from Gawler ; Mr. Chesson, from Freeling ; Mr. Nock, from Kapunda; Messrs. Holmes and Nettle, from Angaston ; Mr. Stephens, from Kooringa ; Messrs. Ninnes, Lathlean, and D. Howard, from Auburn ; Mr. Wicks, from Trou bridge ; Mr. Baker, from Belalie. Mr. Nock desired, on the part of the laymen of the Church, to congratulate the Rev. S. Knight on his election to the chair, and he proposed a resolution to that effect, which was cordially seconded by Mr. Clement The state of the Church property in the District was reviewed, and it was reported that there were 56 chapels, and 11 in course of erection. There were eight parsonages. The entire cost of the Church buildings has been £43,217, and of parsonages £5,394; total, £48,611. The present debt is £14,448. The cost of new erections and enlargements has been £1,748. Several applications for permission to sell Church property were considered. Sanction for the erection of several churches and one par sonage was given. The Church Extension Fund was distributed among various Circuits which made application, the claims of which were carefully and at considerable length discussed, and the amount of £650 belonging to the Loan Fund .was similarly distributed. In both cases the amount applied for was very much in excess of the amount at the disposal of the Committee. The question of dividing the above funds between the Northern and Southern Districts occupied attention for a considerable time, and eventually the following resolutions were agreed to : —'1st The letter of the Secretary of the Southern District concerning the representa tion of tho Districts in the Connexional Com mittees having been considered, this meeting respectfully requests the Conference to divide the colony into three Districts instead of two. The following is suggested as a suitable arrange ment of the Circuits :— First— Pirie-street, Wil lunga, Clarendon, Mount Barker, Strathalbyn, Yankalilla, Mount Gambier, Port Lincoln, and Goolwa. Second —Archer-street, Kent Town, Port Adelaide, Moonta, Kadina, Port Wake field, and Troubridge. t Third— Gawler, Ka puBda, Angaston, Kooringa, Clare, Auburn, Melrose, Blinman, Belalie, and Broughton. 2nd. That it is necessary to provide for a Central Committee, to meet before the Finan cial District Meetings, for the purpose of dividing the entire funds of this colony between the several Districts; this meeting would recom mend that such Committee consist of the Chair man and representatives of Districts, with two lay gentlemen from each District.' A plan for lay representation in Conference, which was recommended for consideration by a Committee appointed by the last Conference, was laid upon the table, and after some discus sion was referred to the quarterly meetings of the Circuits, in order that they might have the opportunity of expressing an opinion. The question having been raised as to the desira bility of sending to England for additional ministers, to be employed in South Australia, it was resolved that it is inexpedient at present to do so. The unsatisfactory state of the Educational Fund was referred to, and a resolution affirming the importance of maintaining the fund in full efficiency was unanimously carried. The meeting expressed its determination t» endeavour to secure a larger income for the fund. The Rev. R. S. Casely was appointed Mis sionary Secretary for the District. A ballot was taken for members of the Connexional Committees, and Messrs. Nock, J. Pearce, Paull, Clement, C. Drew, EL R. Han cock, J. R. Stephens, and Baker were appointed. It was resolved that in the event of there being no subdivision of the Districts, the Chanel Building Committee for the Northern District shall consist of the ministers and circuit stewards of the Moonta and Kadina, The reports of the Rook Repot and Wesloyan Magazine were, read^ jrom which it appeared that the result* of the transactions were very euQoura£ix-2, and the profits larger than, in anJ previous year. it was resolved that very cordial thanks art due, and are hereby presented to those lay gentlemen of the Financial District Meetiag who have devoted their services so readily to the important business of the meeting; aad alao gratefully acknowledge the deep interest which Jhe lay members of our Connexional Committee ta^e in the general prosperity of the Wesleyan Church. A vote of thanks was passed to the ChairaLan« aDd the Financial District Meeting was concluded at about 10 p.m. Fourth Day : Friday, October 24. The ministers were all present Thanks were presented to the Chairman and others for their services. The case of probationers was then considered. A report was given of their examinations, preaching, reading daring the year, and cha racter ; and it waa resolfed that the Revs. W. H. Rofe and J. H. Trevorrow, having been on trial four years, be recommended to tho Conference to be received into full connection in the ministry, and that the Revs. W. H. Pollard, T. M. Rowe, W. T. Carter, R. Kelly, and J. D. Langsford remain on trial another year, accord ing to the usage [of the Church. These brethren were well reported of, and are held in the esteem of the Church. It was resolved that, in view of the losa of members by removal, Circuits be recommended to procure printed removal registers with tripli cate forms — one to be given to tho member removing, one sent to the minister of the Circuit to which he is removing, and the other retained as a Circuit record. It was decided that the District Meeting for 1874 be held at Kapunda, invitations having been received from that Circuit and Kooringa. The ' Liverpool Minutes' were read. Thanks were accorded to the Chairman, and the meeting closed with prayer. Wesleyan New Church, Moonta. Services in connection with the laying of the memorial-stone of this handsome and commodious edifice commenced on Sunday, Oct 5, when the Rev. A. Rigg, ot North Adelaide, preaqhed in the morning: the Rev. S. Knight and Mr. J. Jeffrey spoke in the afternoon within the wall* of the new building; and the Rev. J. B. Stephenson discoursed at night to crowded congregations. At 3 p.m. on Monday Mr. C, Drew performed the usual ceremony, and the block bore the inscription: — 'This stone was laid by the Mayor of Moonta, Charles Drew, J.P., October 6th, Anno Domini MDCCCLXXIII.' Tbe memorial, which was supplied by Mrs. Kellet, of Adelaide, is in tbe centre of the front wall «f the structure, about 10 feet above the flooi level, where a platform had been erected. A glass cylinder containing a paper stating the circumstances under which the church wa.: built, some coins, newspapers, minutes ol Confereace, District and Circuit plans, a Wa leyan Magazine, and th» By-laws of the Towr of Moonta was placed beneath the stone. On the platform with the Mayor were the Circuit Ministers, the Revs. A. Rigg, J. B, Stephenson, J. Price (Baptist), and Hancoci (Bible Christian), Mr. R. Sees, and geveca! residents. Near there were collected about 7CK people. After the stone had been laid prayen were offered, hymns sung, aad speeches nude Mr. Rees then handed to the Miyor a handsome ' diver trowel inlaid with malachite, and bearing the incription, 'Presented to Chas. Drew, Esq., first Mayor of Moonta, oa the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of Wesleyan Church, October 6, 1873.' A numerously-attended tea meeting was held, and afterwards Mr. C. Drew presided. The ^ Rev. J. Price spoke on ' Christianity in relation to arts and civilization;' the Rev. A. Rigg on 'Christianity, its relations to moral and civil life,' and the Rev. J. B. Stephenson on 'The progress and final destiny of the Church.' The Chairman announced, amid applause, the total proceeds of the services, with promises, amounted to £1,960. The combined choirs of the town and mines rendered great assistance by rendering choice selections. The building, which is in the Gothic style, will be, when completed, a great ornament to Moonta, the site biing conspicuous. The dimensions of the structure are to be 80 feet long by 45 feet wide inside and 30 feet from floor to the springing line of roof. There are four entrance doors, two in front, which will be approached by steps of Mintiro slate, and two in the sides near the back. There is to be a fine five-light window in the centre of the front, aud the whole building will be strongly buttressed. The roof inside will be open to the collar-beams. The woodwork is to be of deal, stained and twice varnished, while the roof will be slated. The side windows are to be of ribbed glass, the front of cathedral-plate, ribbed, diamond- shaped, with the pattern of 'fleur de lis^on alight cerise ground. Cottage Homes at North Adelaide. The object of those who are establishing the 'cottage homes for the aged and infirm poor and for widows' is to provide house room for such as these, and without en tirely undertaking their support to relieve them of a great deal of the anxiety which they would feel if in their straitened circumstances they were wholly dependent upon their own exertions for their support. The scheme which has been decided upon cannot, owing to the lack of funds, be carried out to its full extent immediately, but a good beginning will at once be made. The insti tution will be quite unsectarian, for the inmates are to be selected by the subscribers, who will vote on a scale according to the amount of their donations, and of course the lists will be open to all who are charitably disposed. It is pro vided that subscribers of £100, which has been estimated as the cost of two room3, shall during their lifetime have the right of _ nominating an occupant to one home, and this right may be vested permanently in a corporate body or con gregation on payment of a donation of £125. Archdeacon Marryat, the Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., and Mr. H. H. Walters have been appointed to act as trustees until the Society is incorpo rated. An acre of land at North Adelaide, with frontages to Stanley-street and Kingston terrace, has been purchased at a cost of £130. The property is to bo divided by a road running through the centre from east to west, and also by a thoroughfare from Stanley street to the centre road. The first block will consist of five cottages at the east end of Stanley street, of which set it is intended to build two, of a couple of rooms each, at present, and the second lot will consist of a similar number of houses at the west end. When these are finished there will be a row of nine houses on Kingston-terrace. The centre one will be two storey, and will contain about seven rooms. It is intended that when erected it shall be occupied by some person who will have the supervision of the other buildings. Glen Osmond stone will be used up to the plinth, and limestone above, with brick dressings. There will be moulded labels over the doors and windows. At the ends of the smaller rows there are to be gables to break the long line of roof, with louvres for the purposes of ventilation. There will be gabletsat intervals in the block facing Kingston - terrace. The plans have been drawn by Mr. D. Garlick, who has kindly returned the amount of his commission to the Committee. The cost of the two cottages, which it is thought will be ready for occupation in two or three months, will be about £290. The amount actually re ceived has been £413, and as above mentioned the land cost £130. The foundation-stono of the cottages was laid on Monday, October 27, by Mrs. Musgrave. There was a large and fashionable atten dance, the gathering including ministers and ladies and gentlemen of various denominations. The service was read by the Venerable Arch deacon Marryat, and the hymns were sung by an efficient choir, Mr. Prockter presiding at the harmonium. Mrs. Musgrave, who was accompa nied by His Excellency the Governor, Miss Musgrave, and Mr. Newbury (Aide-do-Camp), performed her part gracefully, reading the words, 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, the Son, and ta,o Holy Ghost;' and then declaring the stone le be 'truly and properly laii.' The trowel which Mrs. Musgrave. used in laying the stone i3 a handsome piece of workmanship, and was ma.de by Mr. H. Steiner. It is of silver, with an ebony handle. The blade is ornamented by representations of the rose, thistle, aad sham rock, and there are beautifully worked fern leaves at the end of the handle. It bears the following inscription: — 'Presented to Mrs. Musgrave at the laying of the foundation-stone of the Cottage Home* for the Aged Poor, N. Adelaide, 27th October, 1873.' A bottle con tatnine copies of the Register &ud.; Advertiser of Monday, and a scroll bearing the names of the Committee, were deposited under the stone, which was presented by Messrs. Brown and Thompson. At the conclusion of the service, The Hon. A. Hay, M.L.C., said he had great pleasure, on behalf of the Committee, in thank bg Mrs. Musgrave for laying the foundation Btone, and in presenting her with the trowel used in the ceremony. His Excellency tha Governor saW he wished he could have persuaded Mrs. Musgrave herseli to make her acknowledgments for the compli ment which had been paid her. Ho believed she could do it better than he could, for without going to the extreme length to which some champions of women's rights went, he believed as new ideas and the spirit of the times diffused themselves amongst us we should perceive that woman was the more able part of that noble animal, man. On this occasion Mrs. Musgrave preferred that he should return thanks on her behalf, and express the pleasure it gave her in being able to take part in the initiation of this undertaking. She wished them to feel that whilst she resided in this community she was a part of it, and tLat whilst at the head she was also near the heart, not only joining in the social pleasures and duties, but in the sorrows and griefs of our little community. In no place where Mra. Musgrave had lived had there been a greater freedom from that grinding poverty which . existed elsewhere, but there was here to some extent that want which existed in every commu nity among the infirm poor and aged — those , who could not dig, and to beg who were . ashamed, and no task could be more noble than to smooth their path down to the crave. The Catholic and unsectarian nature of this undertaking commended itself to Mrs. Mus i grave's sympathies and enlisted her cordial ; co-operation. A native of her country could i appreciate this help which was gives without State aid, for in no country wore benevolent institutions endowed more abundantly by i private contributions than in America, where the Government was scarcely looked to to do anything which the people could do for themselves, but only that which it was bottei i they should not undertake. She saw in this i institution ft tribute only justly due to many oi the aged and infirm who were among the ' pioneere — the- forlorn hope who stormed the breach and conquered for us this now rich and ; prosperous country, who endured hardships and ? privations which early settlers must do, anc . spent their early stiength in laying deep anc i strongthe foundation of the cobny which we no* ; occupied , who were living battered and broken fa! : away from those who might have helped them . and perhaps without connections or children t- i aid them in their age and infirmity. Sucl as these had claims upon us which we could no i disregard, and for such as these those asylum were intended. No one who had felt the loneli : ness of desertion ia a strange land would refua I to give every assistance to mch a work as this ) These were Mrs. Musgrave's very proper seati i ments, in which he concurred, and he begged t , thank then for tho complimeiit tkoy had paii ?o both Mrs. Musgrave and himself, and for th» courtesy which had been shown them. The proceedings closed with cheers for tha Queen, Mrs. Musgrave and the ladies, and tk» Governor. The collections on the ground amounted to £22 # The Bishop's Mission Tour.— It may ba interesting to some of our readers to learn that on his late mission tour to tho Northern pastoral districts the Bishop (as we are informed) travelled over 750 miles, held services in 14 woolsheds, men's kitchens, or station-house3, which were attended by over 600 porsonsy bap tized in church or private houses 28 infants; held service and preached at Auburn, Melrose, Port Augusta, and the Burra; celebrated ono marriage; and held confirmation, having bee» absent from Adelaide 40 days. Order and self respect seemed to characterize the station popu lation much morethan in days of yore. Church Improvement.— It is remarked by ' the Northern Argus that 'the Presbyterians of Clare have completed an undertaking which will add to their comfort and the architectural pro tensions of the town. Their little kirk on the hill has undergone a perfect renovation, and if not enlarged is at least greatly beautifiei Tho western end of the building is now protected by a neat little porch, which makes it look quit* orthodox. Tbe old shingle roof has given placa to one more substantial and of a more fashion able appearance. The walls are freshly pointed, and the quoins having undergone a dressing, makes the structure look as well as if it were new.' The Rev. J. Lyall.— This Presbyterian minister purposes going to Europe p»r the ship South Australian, whick will sail «arly in December. The Rev. Wilton Hack.— This gentleman with his family has sailed for Japan to engage in missionary work in that country. On Tuesday evening, at the Tynto-stroat Church, a meeting of the Juvenile Missionary Sjociety was held to bid farewell to tho Rev. Wilton Hack, who, in a short but interesting V^k^&Kr; -. spoke of his attachment to the children awendiSL% the North Adelaide Baptist Sunday-school, and his sorrow at parting from them; referred to the desire he had had, even from bis boyhood, to be a missionary; mentioned what he 'intended to do, by God's blessing, when bo arrived in Japan; and promised to send a monthly letter to the Society. He sought to be rememborod iu their devotions, and then wished them all good-by. After singing and prayer, tho meeting closed. On Wednesday, October 22, he gave a farewell address to a large congregation assembled in the Flinders- street Baptist Chapel, explaining at length his reasons for leaving the colony. Mr. Hack has for some years had tha charge of a branch of the Flinders-street Baptist Church at Hilton, and has done much good by indefatigable labours at the Yatala Labour Prison. He is also well known as a professor of drawing in the city, having had classos at Prince Alfred College aud other principal schools. Ha will leave numerous friends in tho province, and many regrets are expressed at his quitting 8outh Australia, while the sincere hope is uttered that he may be the means of doing much usaful work in Japan. The Rev. E. J. HKfDERSON.— This Baptist minister, who has lately arrived in the colony from New South Wales, preached at the Tynte street Baptist Church to a large congregation on Sunday morning, October 19. Mr. Henderson is a young man, and it is not unlikely that ka ' will settle permanently in South Australia. Hia address on Sunday was based upon the words in Matthew xxviiL 20— 'Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' It was throughout marked by great ability, and th» illustrations, although not numerous, were par ticularly beautiful and appropriate. Mr. Hea derson has a fine voice, and his delivery is pleasing. Liberal Donation.— A member of the Ade laide Society of the New Church has presented to that body an allotment of ground, valued at £200, adjoining the Society's place of worship in Hanson-street. The Late Captahc Withecombk. — We understand that a draft for £70 was sont to tho widow of the late Captain Withecombe by last mail, with the accompanying letter. Up to tha present time the Treasurer has received about £100. A tombstoae is to be placed over tha grave in the Alberton Cemetery. Any penoa still holding a subscription-list is requested to forward it at once to the Secretary to the fund, Messrs. Levi tt Co., Port Adelaide. The letter referred to is as follows : — ' S. Paul's Parsonage, Port Adelaide, S.A., 'October 9, 1873. 'Dear Madam— Will you allow me, in tha name of a large number of subscribers, to ex press our deep sympathy with you in the severe trial you have recently undergone. Shocked as you must have been by the unexpected tidings of your husband's death, I think you would have been somewhat comforted could you have known how deeply the footings of the colonists were moved, and how much they grieved at the eavera blow that had fallen upon you. It was imme diately determined to erect a tombstone over your husband^ grave, and send a photograph of it; but the subscriptions we have received sof&r; exceed the estimated cost that we are ablo it addition to beg your acceptance of the enclo&od; draft for £70. We trust that this mode of ox pressing our sympathy will not be displeasing, and that you will find some consolation in tha thought that though your husband died so sud denly in this distant land, he waa not without friends, who gave him Christian burial and cared for the place of hia rest.— Believe me, mjr dear Madam, yours very truly, f -'§, Green,' 