NEWS CF THE WEEK — : ? «. ? . The . Primary Judge sat on Friday morniDg, but no business was brought before His Honor. The Court was adjourned till Tuesday next. We have been shbwn a large pear of the Uvedale St. Germain varioty, grown on Mr. G. McEwiu's property at Glen Kwin, and weighing three pounds. On Friday, May 2, the Polia Station, with 51,003 sheep, on the Darling, about 90 miles from Wentworth, was soM at Menzies's Hotel, Melbourne, and purchased by Mr. James Pile, J.P., of Gawler, at 32s. 4d. per head. The May number of the Yowng Men's Magazine has been published. Although some of the contributions are of small literary merit, the articles as a whole evidence an improve ment upon those in former numbers, and the Magazine is a very readable publication. The Northern Argus says— The quantity of valuable ore at the Stanley Mins is in creasing, and the property i? considered very valuable. Specimens of pure malachite have -been brought to our office. It is much more solid than what is frequently found, and would take a fine polish. Experienced miners form a very high opinion, of the specimens. The neighborhood of Strathalbyn appears notorious for its ghostly visitantB. This week a worthy knignt of the cleaver, wko, by the way, is a benedict, hailing from this enlightened municipality, has, we hear, been nearly frightened out of his seven senses, by the apparition of some fair one in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all-important person, '' the oldeBt inhabitant,' says it must be the ghost of a young woman who met an untimely end in that neighborhood some twenty or so years ago. The wraith was observed in the day time, and the seer was accompanied by a friend, who cor roborates his statement. — Southern Argue. A correspondent sends us the fol lowing : — An accident occurred on Friday morning, at the corner of Franklin and Morney streets. A cab driven by Mr. Con don, which contained two gentlemen — the Rev. Father Horan and another — was gjing quickly round the corner, when the horse shied, darted straight against the door of Mrs. Power's school, and broke the upper part of the glass door right off. The consternation of the school children at the imminent danger which threat ened them may be imagined ; the rev. clergyman very courteously oame out of the cab to pacify them. No blame oan be attached to 'Mr. Con don, who regretted the accident extremely, and repaired the damage caused by his horse.' The Executive Committee of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home met on Friday in one of the rooms of the Home, at present occupied by the Marine Board. Amongst other business, votes of thanks were passed to the Havelock Lifeboat Crew for the proceeds of their entertainment, £5 0s. 6d. ; and to the Eev. P. MacLaren, for his lecture at North Adelaide. The donations received to the end of March, under the conditional supplement of pound for pound by the Government, amount to £752 17d. Id. , and a list of subscribers was produced by the Treasurer, Mr. Formby. The Committee are anxious to start the Institution bo soon, as £1,250 more can be raised, or a sufficient portion of that sum, and it was sug gested that for an object in which such, general interest would be taken a bazaar would perhaps be got up by the ladies of Adelaide, &c.; Mean while the bankers have consented -to a specially reduced rate of interest on the overdraft, which now amounts to £1,693 J 6?. A room contiguous to the shipping office is bemg used; as a waiting and reading room by the men, and newspapers or periodicals for the table will be gladly received. A telegram waa received in Adelaide on Friday, stating that the New Cornwall Mining Company had been formed in London. It will be remembered that the original Company was wound up, after spending about £100,000 upon the property, but had it not been for the fall in the value of copper, operations would have been continued to this day, and in all probability with profit to the shareholders. When the mine was sold, it was purchased by a few gentlemen, who resolved to get up an Association in London, to develop it, and en trusted che business to Mr. Henry apicer, brother of Mr. Spicer, the well-known importer of this city. He executed his commission very rapidly, and secured even a greater amount of capital than was asked for. The promoters here are the ' Hon. J. Crozier, the Hon. W. Everard, Messrs. Banders, Col ton, Charneck, Spicer, V. T. Smith, M.P., and L. Glyde, M.Pi They will have a considerable interest in the mine as fully paid up, the rest being allotted in London. The recommencement of work at the New Cornwall will be a sou'Cfl of great satisfaction on the Peninsula, and particularly at KoAin^ the miue being very near to that township. We understand that some thousands of pounds ?worth of slimes were left on the ground by the old Company, and are even now being dressed ready for smelting. The first quarterly meeting of the Sun day School Teachers' Union was held, in the Lecture Hall of the Pirie-ztreet Wesleyan Church, on Friday evening, May 2. There was a good attendance, and Mr. J. Colton, J.P. (Presi dent), presided, and read a paper on ' The best method of conducting Sunday Schools.' At the outset he expressed the deep interest he had ever felt in Sunday-school work, and trusted that all connected with the Union would do their utmost to make it a success, as he believed their Union would tend to be a lasting blessing to the various Sabbath ' schools associated -with it. He then indicated a few principles which, in his judgment, should guide teachers in the work of instruction, and also in the internal government and. management of sckools, observing that in order to secure well-conduoted and successful sohools, they should be strictly Careful in the selection of their officers-— especially the Super intendent — who should be a man qualified to accept the onerous and responsible duties of the position. Care should also be taken in the selection of teachers, who should, he thought, in all oases be of sound moral and religious character, and members of the Church with which the schools were con nected. Punctuality and regularity were all important in the welfare and success of a school, whilst order and discipline Bhould be strictly enforced. He also urged that special rules and times should be recognised in all departments of the work ; that «hort, pithy, plain, and interesting addresses Bhould be given ; that as far as possible a proper classification of scholars should always be kept up; and that the senior and infant classes should be if possible drafted off in separate rooms from the general classes. Several minor points were dwelt upon, and re ference was made to the difficulty in securing suitable senior teachera and keeping them in the school. At the conclusion of the address, remarks were offered by Messrs. Gilbert, Buchanan, Maley, Frost, D. Robin, W. Shake speare, Gray, S. Whitmore, and A. Adamson, who touched upon various other matters of importance in the department of Sunday-school labor. The annual meeting of the Retail Drapers' Assistants' Association was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, May 2. There were 10 gentlemen present, and Mr. Mi Pepper ocoupied the chair. The report and balance sheet wfere read by Mr. J. Venn (the Secretary being absent). The report was as follows :—'' Your Committee in bringing this, the annual report, before your notice, beg to state that, although we have not had such diffi culties as the previous Committees to contend with, yet, owing to many declining to support the Association, we have had a hard struggle to make both ends meet. It is a matter of regret that so many of our fellow assis tants shun the idea of contributing their mite, for itis small compared to the annual subscription in connection with the Asso ciation in Melbourne ; but we trust that those who have hitherto withheld their assis tance will come forward and lend a helping hand towards promoting the interest of the Association, the object of which is, as you are aware, the curtailment of the hours of labor, and the securing of the holidays. Many of our fellow assistants have asked us the question why they should contribute to the Association, as tbey derive no personal benefit by it, and say that the holidays and the early closing would be carried out just the same whethf r the Asso ciation existed or not. Your Committee have reason to believe that should our Association collapse, many of the leading retail houses that now close thtir establishments in accordance with the Association, would then use their own discretion as to what time they would close, and the same long dieary hours of toil would again be brought into existence. You are all aware that liabilities'are incurred by the Asso ciation for printing bills, advertising, &&, all of which have to be paid for out of our con tributions. The 'Association at present has everything to hope for and nothing to fear if all the retail drapers' assistants will con tribute their share, and we feel sure that every year we shall be able to show a much larger surplus than we have this year.' The balance-sheet showed a balance in hand of 4s. The Chairman expressed his regret at the lack of interest taken in the Association, and a hope that in the succeeding year greater t^ sympathy and help would be rendered by those wnom tne Association was designed to benefit. The following appointments were made : — Chairman, Mr. M. Pepper ; Treasurer, Mr. R, G. Bosisto ; Secretary, Mr. John Venn ; Com mittee, Messrs. Geo. Chapman and R. Veale^ Votes of thanks to the retiring Committee, the Press, and Mr. Aid ridge for his courtesy in allowing the Association the use of rooms, con cluded the business of the meeting. We have received the April number of the South Australian Wesleyan Magazine. It contains much interesting matter, and is alto gether a very good issue. According to an article on 'The Conference of 1873' the growth of Methodism in these colonies, between 1855 and 1873, has been as follows :— Churches in 1855, 170 ; in 1873, 843. Members in 1855, 6,678; in 1873, 23,656. Ministers in 1855, 116 ; in 1873, 223. Scholars in 1855, 12.395 ; in 1873, 51.558. Adherents in 1855, 48,327 ; in 1873, 163,653. From an article headed ' Wes leyan Methonism in Son-h Australia ' we con dense the subjoined account of the early history ef the Pirie-street- Church, which will, we have no doubt, be read with interest by many persons : — 'By 1849 the congregation in Gawler- place had become toe large to be accommodated in the chapel, and Mr. Draper saw the desirability of either enlarging it or of erecting a new one. But how could this be done ? It was a question of deep and anxious thought. On its proper settlement much depended. He saw this, and after mature deliberation resolved that nothing lees than a large central chapel would meet the require ments of the time. He was strongly encouraged in this view by J. Colton, Esq., a gentleman who has, for more than a quarter of a century, effi ciently and liberally assisted in the sustentation and extension of Methodism in this colony. Each agreed to give £100. Soon, collect ing books were issued, and the town was can vassed with considerable success. Messre. J. Oolcon and Robert Hawkes were appointed Treasurers, and Andrew Johnston, Secretary. As Pirie- street was the most central place, aft_- -^ allotment of half an acre was purchased fronv John Morphett, Esq., for £600. The following persons were Trustees : — D. J. Draper. John Colton, Robert Hawkes, William Maguire, -.ndrew Johnston, Thomas Masliu, William Johns, Robert Smith Breeze, John B. Hack. Thomas J. Mitchell, James O. Cooke, and Henry Gobs. It was decided that the style of the new edifiee be Gothic, and that the dimen sions be 85 ft. by 53 ft. in the clear, with Bchool and class-rooms behind, the full length being 112 ft., and 30 ft. from floor level to wall plate. A tender of Messrs. Ferryman & Son was accepted for the sum of £2,361, exclusive of building materials for the walls. Tbe foundation-stone was laid by His Excellency Sir H. B. F. Young on the 15th July, 1850, in the presence of a laige number of persons of various denominations. The building was at once proceeded, with, and was ready for opening by October 19, 185 L On that day the Rev. J. Eggleston, of Sydney, preached in. the morning and evening, and the Rev. J. Gardner .(Presby terian) in the afternoon. On Monday, the 20th, a tea meeting on a magnificent scale was conducted. A public meeting followed, pre sided over by Mr. Draper, at which Revs. Hull, Gardner, Stonehouse. Watt, and Low spoke, and also Messrs. Colton, Waterhouse, Angas, Forster, and Ead.ee. A bazaar was held during the same week. The opening ser vices were continued the following Sabbath, when Revs. Draper, Hull, and Eggleston preached to large congregations. The entire _. amount raised at the services, including the bazaar, was £1,250 ; but the whole cost of the chapel, including land, interest, and incidental exoenses, waa £6,204 13s. lid. To this mag nificent chapel galleries were added- in the time of the Rev. Thomas Williams's Superin tendency, at a cost of £2,600 ; and in the Rev. J. Watsford's time the Parsonage and Lecture -* Hall were built. There is an organ in Pirie street, which cost £450. Up to the present time upwards of £13,000 has been expended en the Pirie-street property.' The number also contains an obituary of the wife of the Rev. Wm. Butters, who formerly lived in this city, but who is now residing in England. Mrs. Butters died on the 21st of last October. She was the sister of Mr. G. SA. Waterhouse, of New Zealand, and the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, of Ballarat. The Rev. W. P. Wells, we observe, has taken the place of the Rev. G. W. Patchell, M.A., as editor of the Magazine. It is calculated that the native popula tion of New Zealand is over 37,000. The Waverley brig has completed her voyage from Port Adelaide to Sydney in the unprecedented time of four days 15 hours. We were glad to learn, on enquiry at the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday evening, that the lad Enoch Hart, who is now suffering from lockjaw, was, if anything, a shade better. On Thursday, May 1, the only lot offered at the Government land sale was Section 339, containing 131 acres, Hundred of Seymour, County of Russell, about five miles from East Wellington, which was purchased for £134 53. 6d. The attendance waa small, and there was no competition. For a long time the approaches to the Hamley Bridge Kail way Station have not been in the best possible connition, and the Govern- V ment have been urged to place the toads in such a state as would . facilitate the speedy cartage of wheat and other kinds of produce to the railway. Perhaps the worst part of the road is where it crosses the Light, and at this place a bridge is much required. This deside ratum seems likely soon to be supplied, for on - Thursday Mr. R. C. Patterson, Assistant En gineer, proceeded te Hamley Bridge for the purpose of surveying the site and reporting the result of his observations. He subsequently inspected the Railway Bridge. The yearly meeting of the St. Andrew's Young Men's Mutual improvement Association was held in the vestry of the church on Thurs day, the 1st of May. The annual report showed the Association came into existence on the 1st of May, 1872, with 14 members, and since then 20 more were nominated, making a total of 34 memhers on the books. The financial state of the Society is very eoo3. there beintr a l.tre-a balance on hand. After having some lively discussions on various subjects, a vote of thacke was accorded to the retiring officers. The elec tion for new ones toek place, and resulted as follows : — President, Rev. James Henderson ; v'ice-President, Mr. John Clark; Treasurer, Mr. J. Anderson ; Secretary, Mr. O. J. Ran kin; Librarian, Mr. J. Henderson, jun. ; Auditors, Messrs. Fowler and J. Johnstone. The Marine Board met on Thursday, May 1, for the purpose of investigating the cir- _j cumstances attending the grounding: of the ship ~^^ England's Glory ou the Gloucester Bank while on her passage down the river on the 16th ApriL Mr. Tait, the pilot, handed in a letter from the master of the ship, and he said the accident occurred through the extreme darkness of the night, and not through any neglect or imcom petency of the pilot. Mr. Tait, H. Johnion, master ef the steamtug Sophia, and Captain Qoin, Harbor Master, were examined, and the board, after hearing the evidence, gave the fol lowing finding :—?' The Board are of opinion and find that Mr. Pilot Tait, whilst in charge of A, the ship England's Glory, did attempt to pilot , such ship to the anchorage on a dark squa'ly I night, when prudence demanded that the ship j ought to have been anchored either at Snapper Point or in Light's Passage. They also consider ' that Mr. Tait is highly reprehensible for so ! doing, and herewith suspend his certificate of pilotage for one month. — R. H. Fehgcson, President Marine Board ; J. M. Lijsklateh, Dahikl Taplbt, John Fobmby, Wardens.' On Wednesday His Excellency held a Ooi»cil, at which all the Ministers were pre sent except tbe Commissioner of Grown Lands. The Emma, brig, from Cape Town, reports that the St. Vincent, from Adelaide, touched at the Cape on the 15th. of March ; all veil. Amongst the Easter |Monday engage ments at Sydney was a Baby Show, at whioh we learn there were 33 exhibits, and prizes cf £10, £5, and £3, were awarded, ^Oar Kanmantoe correspondent informs us that on Thursday and Friday last Messrs. Paull and Lewis sampled about 65 tons of fair percentage ore, chiefly raised by tributers, at the P&ringa; Mine. ~&£^he Supreme Court on Wednesday morning two orders were made for the for f eicure of mineral leases, in consequence of non payment of rent and neglecting to comply with the conditions as to expenditure in mining. The lad Enoch Hart, who was recently admitted into the Hospital, suffering from severe injuries in the thigh, caused by a fall whilst swinging on the bough of a tree at a pic bio en Easter Monday, is not likely to recover, lock-jaw having set in. Mr. Cawthome reports having received on Saturday, from Yam Greek, two telegrams —one to the effect that the reports respecting jumping were greatly exaggerated, and the other as follows :— 'No iona fide claims jumped. A dodge to lower shares.' The Kapunda Herald, speaking of the copper discoveries at Anlaby, says : — ' We have been sLown a number of specimens broken from the surface at this new discovery, in which peacock, grey, and yellow ore are plentifully intermixed with the quartz matrix.' We notice by the Australasian that at the 'Annual Commencement' of the Mel bourne University, the Rev., J. de Q. Robin, eldest son of Mr. James Robin, merchant, of this city, who is stationed at Bailarat, took the degree of Master of Arts. The following is a copy of a telegram received on the 29th April from the Northern Territory promoters of the Eleanor Company by the Secretary, Mr. G. #'. Cotton:— 'Just returned from Pine Creek. Eleanor Reefs look ing well. Stone with gold scarce visible crushes splendid. Will bring sample Adelaide.' On Monday next the case of Everard v. the Adelaide, Gleneig, and suburban Railway %sapany will be heard at the Supreme Court before Mr. Justice Wearicg and a Jury. It is an action under the Lands Clauses Consolida tion Act, to determine the value of land taken by the Company. On Monday, April 28, we received the following telegram from Hahndorf respect ing the South Australian Tambaroora, from Mr. A, Von Doussa : — ' Oreat excitement here in striking reef at Tambaroora. Have jisfc seen captain with splendid gold from the mine, yield about 2 ozs. per toD. The Manager has secured four more claims.'' Messrs. S. Beddome (Police Magis trate), J. W. Lewis (Collector of Customs), and Caas. Bonney (Valuator of Runs, &c;), have been appointed a Commission to enquire into alleged charges of extorting money from licensed victuallers which have been preferred against Mr. Galbraith, Inspector of Public-Houses. Mr. Galbraith has been suspended pending the re part of the Commission. i Fifteen thousand two hundred andeighty six shares were applied for in the Try Again and Young Qaeen Gold Mining Company within' 24 hours of the prospectus beieg issued. The allotment was made by the promoters on ?Wednesday, and as only 6,000, shares could be issued, the allotment was made on tbe principle of giving the largest proportion to those who applied for the fewest* There were 600 appli cants. . ^At'the general meeting of the Port Adelaide Football Club on Tuesd^r evening, held at the Globe Hotel, the balance-sheet was read, and showed a balance in hand from last year of £1 13s. 8d. The meeting was well attended, and the opening game will take place on Saturday next. The officers elected were— ? k-F. Ireland, Hon. Secretary ; W. Townsend, Treasurer ; F. Stone, Vice-Captain ;- and Messrs. J. A. RanD, E. Ede, G. Pickhaver, and Jas. Asa wood, 'Committeemen. The first meeting of the shareholders of the -'Agguaguilla* Gold ' Mining Company (Limited) was held in Queen's Chambers, on Tuesday afternoon— Mr. ffm. Whyte in the chili*— when the Articles of Association were read .and passed. Messrs. Wo. Whyte, L. Scammell, Win. S«-. L. Gordon, W. &. Caw thorne, and A. Hall, sen., were elected as the first Directors ; Messrs. Stodart and Wick steed, the Auditors ; Messrs. Fenn & Hardy, the Solicitors ; Mi. G. W. Cotton, Secretary. A correspondent, writing on the 26th April from Beverley, sends us the following in formation: — At Dublin Area, Mr. Jobn T. Briggs, without any warning, dropped dead on the morning of Friday, the 25th inst. He was a colonist of 82 years. He had been au old ser vant of the Hon. W. Everard, M.L.C., and having recently taken a section in the Dublin Area, had gone there with his family to reside. The deceased was a natve of Iibson, Hunting denshire, England. A correspondent says the Rev. J. Thome, who arrived in Melbourne last week by the Yorkshire, brings out with him a charter for a Grand Lodgeof the I. O. Good Templars, and is also commissioned by the Rev. J. Russell, of Michigan, U.S.A., the tt.WiG.T-, to institute the same. We are sore oar Templar friends tfwill hail with joy such as accession to their 'ranks as Mr. Thome, who has been for some time a valued Special Deputy of Mr. Joseph Matins, the G. W&.T., of England. A meeting of the El Dorado Gold Mining Company was held on Monday. April 28, in the Arbitration Rooms, Town Hall, Mr. *- Krichauff in the chair, and about 25 share holders present. The Articles of Association were read and adopted, and the fo' lowing officers appointed i — Directors — Messrs. Krichauff. Haussen. Stacy, Good*, and Osman ; Secretary, W. a. Cawthoroe. The Chairman stated that passages had been secured for the workiog party in the Gothenburg. The following is the number of tele grams transmitted through the BritishAus tralian Telegraph Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Saturday, April 26, 1873 : — Sent from the colonies — South Australia, 13; Victoria, 42; New South Wales, 24; Queensland, 6 ; Tasmania, 3 ; New Zealand. 5 ; total, 93. Sent to the colonies — South Aus tralia, 9; Victoria, 38 ; New South Wales. 33 ; Queensland, 5 ; New Zealand, 8 ; total, 93. Total number of messages, 186. The total amount of wheat exported from Port Wakefield during the week ended Saturday, 26th of April, was 175 bags. The wheat trade has, we are informed, now become very quiet in the port, although some of the farmers are holding back fur higher prices. S^e -Light of the Age has nearly completed her ttrfrgo, and will most probably sail early next . week. Some of the farmers on tbe Hummocks say that up to tbe present time this has been the_ finest ' season they have known for pre paring the land, and in some instances the wheat is already springing up. A young lady in Adelaide has re ceived, within tbe last few days, a letter from her sister, living at Mount Gambier, stating that diphtheria is very prevalent about that town an 1 neighborhood, and that in the circle of the writer's acquaintances two children in one family and th:ee in another had died of the complaint. Upon medical recommendation, several schools were shut up for a month, and the spread of the dangerous epidemic had caused a sort of panic in that part of the country, and to a considerable extent interfered with busi ness. At a meeting of the Provisional Com mittee of the United Tradesmen's Gold Prospecting Company, held on Saturday even ing; it' was revolved that a competent mining agent be advertised for,' to take charge of the party about to be dispatched by the Company to the Northern Territory. A meeting will be held on Saturday evening next to consider the draft Memorandum and Articles of Association, 4c, due notice of which will be given by the solicitors of the Company. Mr. 0. J. Coates has received from Messrs. Beilby & Scott the following telegram with reference to South Australian exhibits at the Sydney Intercolonial Exhibition:— 'Sydney, 26th April, 2 p.m. First prize awarded jams Mr. McEwin. Bottled fruits Davis. Dried fruits, first prize, W. Wanes ; second do., Hardy. Woollens commended.' The woollens were manufactured by Mr. K. Karamm, of Hahndorf. From the same firm Mr. Ooates received a message the previous day stating that there was an enquiry for Cbam bers's 3 Common-Sense Washing Machines in Sydney, and asking whether they might sell those shown at the Exhibition. Mr. Win. Hamilton has shown us a telegram from Captain Slater, of the barque Coorongv which sailed from Port Adelaide on Sunday last for the Northern Territory. The vessel arrived at Sydney duiing Friday night, having made a fine passage, and the captain re ports that he had to put in for water. He found ten of the 400-gallon tanks empty, having leaked during the voyage, and he had used five others. Me would take in another stock of water to-day, and sail immediately. He reports all well. We are desired to state that before the Cooroog left Port Adelaide all the tanks were submitted to the examination of a competent Boilermaker. We are informed on good authority that a well- known man of business in Adelaide, who has taken up a considerable number of shares in the ffamlin Freehold Gold Sections Company, has demanded, back the money he paid on application, on the ground of fraudulent misrepresentation in the prospectus, which sets forth that the property of the Company forms the northern boundary of the Lady Alice Claims, that statement being utterly untrue. The Directors, after consulting their solicitors, deolined to accede to this demand, and leave the complaining party to take whatever course he may think proper. On Tuesday morning two carpenters named Usher and PeppereLL, from Messrs. Martin & Son's shop, were removing au eld floor over Mr. W. G. Coombs's saddler's shop, in Hindley-street, and as they were both stand ing -oa one joist, it broke in two where there was a large knot, letting them down amongst a lot of old flooring boards. Usher in falling had the skin rubbed off the calf of his -leg for some distance, besides receiving a nasty bruise on his back. The other got off with only a Blight scratch. The distance they tumbled was about 15 feet. It was a wonder they were not more injured than they were. Both were able to go to work soon afterwards. Mr. Alfred Gore, who is starting on his return to the Northern Territory by the Linn Fern, writes to inform us that the Hon. R. A. Tarlton has given part of a valuable free hold allotment in Palmerston, and situated within easy reach of the present Poit Darwin population, on which to erect a building for religious worship on the Sunday, and to serve as a schoolroom during the week. A loan of £150 has been voted by the Committee of the Congregational Chapel Building Fund for the oost of the erection, and £50 5s. has already been subscribed towards the repayment of this amount, Mr. Gore desires to express his grati tude for the generous help thus afforded in aid : of so worthy an object. On Friday morning a serious accident occurred to Mr. Wm. Davis, of O. B. Flat. Be was driving a team of horses with a waggon to Port MacDonnell, and in going down the steep incline between the fifth and sixth mile posts, he leaned over to apply the break to the vehicle, over-balanced himself, and fell imme diately in front of one of the wheels. This passed over bis leg, frightfully injuring it, and rendering Mr. Davis quite unable to assist himself. Fortunately in a short time to r. John Hay, farmer, was passing in a spring cart, and seeing Mr. Davis, relieved him from his un pleasant position and conveyed him home. Dr. Jackson was sent, for, and attended to the in juries the sufferer received, who is reported to be doing well.— Border Watch. A correspondent informs us that Lieut. -Commander Jennings,, R.N., has been rendering good service to the Wesleyan Church in the district of Willunga. On Sunday, April 13,. he preached the anniversary sermons of the J&aclaren; Vale Ohurch in the Congregational Church, kindly lent for the ocoasioD. On Sunday, April 20, he de livered special sermons in Willunga Church on behalf of the Circuit Fund ; and after a lecture on 'Naval Life,' delivered on Wed nesday evening last, the qffioe- bearers of tbe church presented the brave old Commander with an address, accompanied by a beautiful silver inkstand, in appreciation of bis services. The minister of the Circuit and Lieut. Jennings were both taken by surprise, the latter acknow ledging the presentation in feeling terms. A report was extensively circulated in Adelaide during Saturday forenoon to the effect that Mr. J. S. Westcott, the well-known mining manager in the Northern Territory, had com mitted suicide by hanging himself. Upon en quiry, we could not find the slightest -foundation for the rumor, and what makes it exceedingly improbable that such an occurrence could have taken place is that & long business telegram was dispatched by Mr. Westcott as late as Friday evening from Yam Creek. It is shrewdly suspected that the story was fabricated by some one for the purpose of rigging the share market, and, perhaps, especially to depreciate the property of the Northern Territory Gold Prospecting Company, for which Mr. Westcott is Manager. The Speaker (Sir George Kingston) has received the resignation of Mr. John Riddoch, one of the members for the District of Victoria, and has directed a writ to issue to fill the vacancy. The nomination will take place on 39th May, and the election on 4th June. Mr. ttiddoch. sat in the fourth Parliament from 3 1st Vlarch 1865, to 26th March, 1868; and also in he fifth Parliament, which extended from 3 1st Jury, 1868, to 2nd March, 1870. He did not seek re-election the succeeding Parliamaut, but he was again re-elected unopposed for the Dis trict of Victoria on 7th December, 1871, and sit throughout the first session of the seventh Parliament. Mr. Riddoch has recently removed his place of residence from the South-Eastern District to the colony of Victoria, and this cir cumstance has, we presume, led him to resign his seat in Parliament. A correspondent says, with reference to a paragraph already published in our columns respecting Mr. Thome, a passenger by the ship Yorkshire, having a commission from the Rev. J. Hussell, of America, to constitute a Grand Lodge of Good Templars in South Aus tralia, it is exceedingly doubtful whether Mr. Thome has such authority with him, as such commission is said to be solely invested in Mr. John Watson, of Queensland, now in Mel bourne, he having just successfully constituted tbe Grand Lodge in Victoria. We have sub mitted this statement to the writer of the para graph referred te, who informs us that his authority for what he said is contained in a letter from Mr. Joseph Matins, the G. W.C.T. of England, to Lieut. -Commander Jennings, the acting head of the Order in this colony. The matter, however, will shortly be set at rest, as, according to the Argus of 24th instant, Mr. Thorae only intended staying a week in Melbourne, when he would proceed to Ade laide. Respecting diphtheria at Mount Gam bier, the Boner Watch says:— Since our last two more of the diphtheria cases have proved : fatal. On Saturday morning another of Mr. I Hunter's children succumbed to the disease, ! and on Sunday night Miss Poyn'z died. Mr. | Hunter's third child is so far better as to be 1 considered out of danger. No fresh cases have ! occurred, and it is hoped that the very effective measures taken to prevent the spread of the disease 'may 'be effocluaL 'Much sympathy is felt with, the two bereaved families ; and in the case of Mr. Poynrz, who shut up his place of business — a druggist's shop — the sympathy has taken a practical turn. A subscription, already cheerfully responded to by all the lead id g resi dents in the town, having bsen set on foot to recompense him to some extent for the loss of his business. Mr. N. A. Lord has charge of the list. Mr. Hunter informs us that he cannot in any way account for the outbreak of the diphtheria la his family. He lives in an isolated position, and it is not at all probable that it is due to contagion. The Mount Ctambier Standard cor respondent, wilting 22nd April, records the following fatal accident near Robe: — 'On' Saturday evening last, about dusk, and within a short distance of her home, Mrs. John Suding, second wife of Mr. John Suding, of Lake Robe, whilst driving a very quiet horse in a spring cart, by some means ran one wheel over a branch of a tree lying on the ground. This capsized the cart upon Mrs. Suding, the front rail falling upon the back of her neck and breaking it. The whole of her body was under the cart except her head. A biackfellow who is working for Mr. Suding heard the noise, and ran to the spot, but single-handed could render no assistance, so after trying he imme diately rode for the police. They were on the spot as soon as possible and assisted to take (he cart off the body and carry it home. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, amidst a concourse of people. It was conducted by the Rev. J. Diagle. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Suding, as he is again left with 1 0 children, and the eldest a cripple.' Some months ago we mentioned that a. valuable discovery of copper had been made on the Anlaby Run, for which conditional leases had been granted. A telegram was, however, received from Mr.JDutton, declining to grant mineral leases of any portion of the Anlaby estate. We are glad to learn, however, that by the last mail letters were received which have put Mr. Morris in a positio'n to grant a lease of the property referred to, and the former appli cants intend to at once set men to work. The prospect is considered a most favorable one — a most reliable mining authority having inspected it, who gives ft as his opinion that the discovery is one of the most important yet made in the North. We suppose a Company will shortly be formed to work this property, and should it turn out anything like as well as anticipated, it will be a good thing, not only for the pro moters, but also for the town and district at large.— Kapunda Herald. The Orwell, a coasting vessel, laden with wheat, was wrecked on Monday, the 28th inst, in MacDonnell Bay. The following tele grams were received from that pott by Mr. Pridinore respecting the affair : — ' Orwell abandoned, one side apparently stove in. If wheat insured see underwriters, and wire me immediately what to do.' ' Orwell, schooner, jargo wheat, ashore MacDonnell Bay. Nearly ?,000 bushels of wheat on board, which is in mred.' The wheat, we understand, belonged bo Mr. Pridmore. Another telegram states the Government schooner was riding heavily at her moorings in the same Bay. In the evening we rare favored by Mr. W. J. Cunningham with ;be following telegram: — ' The Seabird has iroken adrift from the Government moorings ind is ashore, but she is in a good position 'or getting off. The Flinders is still riding at she moorings. The Harbor-Master and Lifeboat :rew are in attendance. ' Late in the evening re learnt that, the weather was moderating, but was still boisterous. The barometer was rising. Phe wind was from the south, and the sea was ailing. The following paragraph is from the ast weekly letter of ' .3Sries,' in the Aus tralasian : — ' There is surely some Irish element u the constitution* of the National Bank. Its aeeting-room is becoming an annual '' battle rround, and a St. Patriok's Day shindy will loon be a tame affair when contrasted with i National Bank meetiag at election time. A little while ago there was a foregone conclusion to put Mr. Lorimer in. Now there is another forgone conclusion to put him out. I have my Dwn idea how the fight will terminate, but ' tips' are dangerous. Somebody might be held *t the post aad not be permitted to start. There is an absurd anomaly in the Bank's con stitution which should be at once amended^ The head office is in Melbourne. But this is more shadow than substance ; for whilst the Victorian shareholders have no vote in electing the Adelaide Board, the Sonth Australians can and do vote on the appointment of the Mel bourne Board. And as the Adelaide votes usually come down here in one man's breeches' pocket, and are polled en bloc, they are strong enough to turn the scale in any election. Thus the branch is really supreme in swaying the destinies of the head office. Reform it alto gather.' When the mail coach was on the point of starting from the Blinman on Monday morning last an interesting event took place. Mr. Braddock, who for masy years has filled the position of Postmaster and has gained the respect of all the settlers in that far distant spot, had determined on retiring from the scenes of his successful labors, bat his townspeople thought that they oould n»t allow him to depart without giving him some token of their esteem. Accordingly an ad dress having been prepared, and a purse of money collected, several of the influential business men met Mr. Braddock at Mr. Barnes's Northern Hotel, and presented the testimonial. Mr. Braddock, in replying, regretted that he was leaving a place where he had resided for So long a time, and thanked them for their kind wishes for his future success. He had always endeavored to do his duty by all, and the ex pression of the sentiments contained in the address fully showed him that he hid not failed. He wished every one of those he left behind prosperity in their business pursuits, and hoped that his future successor, Mr. Baldock, would enjoy the confidenca of the Acting Postmaster-General, Mr. Hurst, as he had always done. After spending a short time convivially, the company separated. An entertainment, in connection with the Union Star Lodge of Good Templars, was held on Monday evening, in Brother T. W. Lawton's schoolroom, Bowden. The Chairman (W.O.T. Brother E. Gould) opened the pro ceedings. The choir, under the leadership of Brother Lawton, gave in excellent style ' Hail to the Greenwood Tree.' The Chairman ga^e an able address. The Secretary produced his report, which stated that the Lodge was opened on October 7, 1872, with ten members, since when ten meetings had been held, and the number of members increased to 22. A solo, 'The Hawthorn,' by Mrs. Walkley, was re demanded, after which recitations were excel lently rendered by Brothers Pickering, Buch anan, Longman, Tregenza,, Vardon, Reynolds, and Spooner; and addresses given by S.G.W.S. Ho well, P.C.T. Brother Cross, and W.T. Brother Gould, pleasantly interspersed with selections by the choir ; and another solo, 'The Lover and the Bird,' which was re ceived with applause and encored, as were also the solos 'The British Lion' and 'Popping the Question,' by Mr. Ellis. The magnesium light, exhibited by Brother Cross and Mr. H. Fen wick, added to the pleasure of tbe evening. The meeting terminated by singing the National Anthem. Mr. A. Puddy presided at the har monium iu bis well-known efficient style. Two warm-hearted sons of the Emerald Isle, on either side of Elizabeth-street north, Melbourne, after a »everan«e of many years, recognised each other on Monday afternoon. Oblivious to the fact that innumerable vehicles and equestrians were passing and repassing with more than ordinary velocity and pace through this great thoroughfare, the men ran towards each other, and had scarcely shaken hands in the centre of the street, when one of them, named Brophy, residing at Flemington, was knocked down and trampled upon by the h -rse of a Mr. Miller, which that gentleman was driWng in his buggy to the city. Great was the consternation of the fallen man's friend, who, in place of permitting the horse to go on, aeizjd the winkers, and, amidst the imprecations of the crowd, kept the horse pranoing on the boly of bis mate for some seconds. Another Irish man standing by, observing the danger of poor Brophy, thinking the end justifi id the means, and doubtless recalling the apothegm, ' save me from my friends,' dealt the man at the winkers a well-aimed blow, which felled him also to the ground, and then extricated his friend. After some ' barneying,' they ad j jurned, not to the hospital, but to the hostlery hard by. Brophy received a severe bruising and au ugly scalp wound oa the forehead. — Leader. The Southern Cross relates the follow ing of an old Maori Chieftain :—*' On the occa sion of the recent visit of His Excellency Go vernor Bowen, to the Bay of Islands, when he unveiled the statue sf Tamati Waka, a double barrelled gun was exhibited te His Excellency by its owaer, an aged native, bent with the weight of years, named Waikato. Thegunbeais evidence of its once having been a flint gun, but afterwards converted, possibly by one of our armorers, into a percussion. It is a musket in good preservation, and likely to make: a good fowling-piece still, though in op position to our long-ranged riles as a bullet shooting instrument it would not bear comparison. On a brass plate let into the stock is the following inscription : — ' Given by His Majesty George the Fourth, Bang of Great' Britain and Ireland, to Waikato, Prince of Rangeehoe, New Zealand, November, 1820.' The owner of this musket has still reminis cences of the Court of George IV. ; speaks of, him, of Palmerston, of the Duke of Wellington, all of whom he says were fine gentlemen ; and: adds, 'They are all gone, and here am I, left i here still, and soon to be gone also.' And: finishing his glass of sherry, he shakes hands and departs — a gentleman in his way, notwith standing his broken English, his variegated mat, and his no less variegated countenance.' The annual business meeting of the Kensington Football Club was held in Mr. Caterer's schoolroom, Beulah-road, Norwood, on Friday evening, 25th inst., Mr. W. H. Phillips presiding. - There were 18 members present. The Secretary (Mr. H. R. Perry) stated that he had the pleasure of informing' the members that a small balance remained in hand from last season. The usual formal busi ness was then transacted, and Mr. H. R. Perry was unanimously re-elected Secretary and Trea surer; and Messrs. Crooks, Phillips, Bay Moulden, EL Hall, and Gliddon were appointed Com-' mitteemen. Ten new members were admitted, making a total of 56 on the book. It was1 re selved that the opening match be played within a fortnight, and be similar to the closing one of last season, and that a band be engaged. The date of the match to be advertised. Mr. Bay Moulden moved — 'That the Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and Suburban Football Clubs be written to, pointing out the advisability of holding a conference of delegates from the various Clubs to draw up a standard code of rules for play, and that a Committee be ap pointed to carry the proposition into effect.' Seconded by Mr. H. R. Perry, and carried. Messrs. Crooks, Bay Moulden, and H. R. Perry were chosen to represent the Club at such conference. It was carried, on the motion of Mr. Crooks — ' That the General Committee draw up a code of rules for play, and submit same to a general meeting ot the Club, to be held in a fortnight. Mr. Gliddon moved, and Mr. Moulden seconded — 'That the members deeply regret Mr. E. EL Hallack'a departure from the colony, and desire to convey their hearty thanks for his warm support and valuable services as Com mitteecnan.' Carried with acclamation. Votes of thanks were moved to Mr. Caterer for the use of the room, and to the Chairman, and the meeting terminated. The Rev. Thomas James preached in the Golden-square Wesleyan Church, Bendigo, on Sunday, April 19. The Evening News, speaking of his discourses, sayB :— ' Mr. James is, without doubt, a student and a scholar, who keeps pace with the march of molern thought. Such a preacher is a rarity in these days, when anything like originality is ex ceedingly scarce, and anything having even the semblance: .of true eloquence; equally so. Of Mr. James, it cau be stated without exaggera tion, that he is original, and that he is eloquent. He is not content to stand still or to move in the hackneyed grooves, of orthodoxy ; he strikes out for himself new paths of inves tigation, and some of his speculations, though somewhat eatravagaat, are sub lime in their conception, and rendered brilliant by the manner iu whioh they re ceive utterance. Sitting under a sermon by Mr. James, the reflecting mind cannot elude the impression that it is listening to a man who speaks his own [thoughts, and does not give secondhand ideas ; that what is spoken proceeds from the heart as well as the brain of the speaker ; and that behind all the lofty flights of rhetoric and logic to which he gives expression iuthe circumscribed limits of a single discourse, there is a f ulneBS of thought unexpressed, which volumes alone could convey. Mr. James is en titled to be ranked among the leading and ablest preachers of the age, and yet there are many who do not appreciate his talents for this reason— that he speaks {straightforwardly, calls a spade a spade, and exposes the deformities, which a refined society would prefer to see clothed with the outward garb of respectability, and la jded as indication of refinement.' ? The annual general meeting of the members of the Adelaide Football Club, and others interested in the game of foot ball, was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Tuesday evening, April 29. There was a numerous attendance, and Mr. W. O. Winsor presided. The reports sub mitted by the Hon. Treasurer (Mr. P. A. Horn) showed that the Club — numbering 55 paid-up members — was not in debt, and that it possessed assets representing a value of £7 6s. 10d. The resignations of Mr. Horn and Mr. A. E. Har rison (Son. Sec.) were accepted, aad thanks accorded them for their valuable services in pro moting the interests of the Club. Messrs. C. D. Perkins and W. O. Winsor were elected to the respective vacancies, and Messrs. E. W. Aldridge, A. E. Ayeis, and C. C. Kingston appointed Committeemen. It was resolved that the subscription for the ensuing season be 10s. 6-L, and, if practicable, that a house for storage of plant, aad for use as a dressing-room, be erected on the Cub grounds. Six new members wereadmitted. A Committee was appointed to prepare revised rules for regulating the business of meeting and the play at practice. The question of a con ference between the various Football Clubs, for the purpose of arranging a code of rules for regulating matches was favorably discussed and Messrs. Winsor, Perkins, and Kingston appointed delegates to confer upon the subject with delegates representing the Kensington aud Port Adelaide Clubs, It was arranged that the delegates of the Club should bring up their report on the 13ch of May, to which date the meeting adjourned, after passing a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The Yorkers Peninsula Advertiser, speak ing of the goat nuisance at Moonta, thus records the vigorous suppression of the annoyance by an exasperated town man :— ' The goats are still found with a respite from the hands of the Corporation executioner, although many a 'Nanny' has recently had the coup de grace inflicted by o'-her hands. One tradesman in the town, who has suffered considerable loss from their thievish prepeasitie*, determined to put a stop to the nuisance. A high fence which surrounded his garden afforded no protection to the various plants and trees it contained ; one night the brutes jumped over anl destroyed young trees whose growth had been an object of care for years. In addition ta this, his bran, flour, potatoes, and other art'cles were da? after day laid under contri bution by his four-footed enemies. Utterly unable to exclude them from his premises he at length resolved on a grand battue, in order that he might slaughter them wholesale, preparatory to whioh, h?. bought the biggest rifle obtainable; but finding that the discharge of firearms was prohibited by municipal regulations, he pur chased the largest sword he could get, and sharpened the weapon upon a grindstone. He had not long to wait for an opportunity to carry oub his purpose. A. flock of goa^s to the number of about a doz-m, m -re or less, had no sooner forced themselves into his yard than he began to .out aud slash away like a very Uhlan among the Frenchmen, and in a minute or two not a survivor remained to tell the story. The carcases were quickk. removed, and we believe shot into the nearesfffcbsteen pit.' From the Alta California of a recent date, we extract the following: — 'While* the steamship Nevada was about 8J miles o*F one of the minor isles of JVIicronasia, on its way up from Australia to this port, a strange animal of a dark figure was observed to light on the forward mast. Attracted by its peculiar ap pearance, Mr. Burns, the second mate, offered one of the sailors a small bonus to secure it. The man cumbered up the mast with a heavy cloth in his hand, and after a struggle, in which he was severely bitten on the hand, it was secured. Bringing it to the deck, on exami nation the beast proved to be a fine specimen of a species of the vampire tribe. This animal closely resembles the terrodactyl of the ante diluvian ages. In appearance, it appears like a huge bat, on hasty examination. It is in the head of the animal, however, that the main distinction resides. That of the present one it a, perfect counterpart of tha blackand tan terrier dog. Its teeth are over half an inoh iu length, and are called in con stant requisition to discountenance all at tempts at familiarity. W hen flying, the wings of this ill-omened beast stretch from tip to tip at least five times the diameter of its body. It is of a deep jet black oolor, the body being covered with a heavy fur. It is very savage, being on the constant alert to attack any person approaching it. Whether this animal is a full and perfect vampire, whose feats of lulling man to Bleep with the waving fan motions of its wing while sucking in the victim's very heart-blood, is yet a question, for as yet it has not been examined by any scientific man. Its appearance is, however, enough to suggest the truth of such a horrible surmise. Be it as it may, the little Micronasiau island has always borne a weird and frightful reputa tion among the native inhabitants of the ad joining ones.' On Tuesday evening, April 29, the Rev. P. Maclaren, Presbyterian Minister of Port Adelaide, delivered a lecture upon ' Orkney and Shetland,' in connection with the North Adelaide Young Men's Society. There wa3 a good attendance of members of the Society, and ladies and gentlemen repre senting the public. The Rev. J. Jtfferis pre sided, and briefly introduced the lecturer. Tbe Rev. Mr. Maclaren explained that the islands composing the groups of Orkney and Shetland were very numerous, and were largely indented by the sea on all sides. He spoke of the dangers of navigation amongst the islands, and gave some exceedingly interesting informatioa respecting the harbors, towns, buildings, inha bitants, traditions, and historical associa tions of the Orkneys, and he then passed on to the islands of Shetland, giving simi lar information with regard to the physical features, inhabitants, buildings, fisheries, and other objects worthy of notice in thosa islands. In the second part of the lecture Mr. Maclaren dealt with the amnsements of the islanders during the long evenings of winter. He said these evenings were spent principally in story telling, and he remarked that these fairy stories were a singular proof of the identity of the human race, these stories having their re presentatives in the traditions of many peoples of the earth. He humorously related several of these strange tradi tional stories, which gave much enjoyment. During au interval in the lecture a collection was made on behalf of the Sailors' Home at Port Adelaide, an institution which the Chair man said must appeal to their generous sym pathies, and which he stated was rendered un available at present in consequence of shortness of funds. He hoped all present would generously give what support they cduld to such a deserv ing and useful institution. The collection realised £7 7s. Mr. R. Searle proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Maclareu for his very in structive and humorous lecture. The motion was seconded by Mr. F. T. Whitington, and carried by acclamation, and a similar compli ment was paid to Miss Maclaren, who played during the evening several selections of Scotch music. The proceedings were brought to a close by the National Anthem and the Benedio tion. A meeting of persons favorable to the erection of tit. Peter's Cathedral, Adelaide, was held in the Arbitration Room, Town Hall, on Monday evening, April 28. There were between 20 and 30 gentlemen present, and the chair was occupied by the Lord Bishop of Ade laide (Dr. Short). In opening the proceedings, His Lordship explained what had been done in connection with the erection of the Cathedral, stating that £1,200 was now required, and dwelt at considerable length upon the many advantages which such a building would afford, mentioning particularly that when the Cathe dral was opened there would then be a church in which the sittings were free to alL He con sidered the work a very proper object for. liberality, especially in this money-getting time, as a, protest against the prevalent craving for wealth. He believed the matter would be warmly entered into, ani that by the ooopera tion of all classes the amount he had named: would be forthcoming. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M., said the sum of £1,200 was needed to complete the building, with the exception of the lantern tower, which he very much regretted could not be erected just now; and the ques tion was how the £1,200 was to be raised. Some time ago he invited nine gentlemen out of a company of 20, all in good circumstances, to con tribute £100 each, offering himself, if they did so, to give £100, thus making £1,000, which would have been supplemented by another £1,000, making £2.003 in all ; but only two gentlemen had responded to his invitation — one, Mr. Joseph Gilbert, and the other Mr. F. S okes ; and consequently the scheme had fallen through. The latter gentleman, had, h -wever, given £50, and a similar sum had been contri buted by Mr. Herbert Hughes. He believed that the amount required could easily be raised by canvassing the city, which should, he said, be divided into districts, and collectors ap pointed to each district. He moved—' That with the view of raising the sum of £1,200 to complete the present contract it is advisable to obtain the aid of all who should be disposed to assist in the erection of St. Peter's Cathedral by collecting subscriptions from the citizens of Adelaide and the country districts, and to effect this purpose a Committee be formed to arrange for a systematic canvass of the City of Adelaide, by d viding the town into districts in order to provide for a canvass from house to house by collectors to obtain subscrip tions to the Cathedral.' This was seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas, and carried unani mously. The Dean of Adelaide (Rev. A. K. Russell) then moved—' That collecting cirds be issued to any persons willing to solicit subscriptions for the Cathedral, and that the General Committee do meet the last Monday in each month to report progress, and to receive collections.' Mr. C. B. Young seconded the resolution, whioh was also carried unanimously. After the names of gentlemen willing to act as collectors had been taken down, the meeting, which had been opened with prayer, was dosed by the benediction being pronounced. Do Plants throw off Caebonio Acid Gas? — Plants have commonly been thought to diffr r from animals in the gases which they secrete — the animal parting with carbonic acid, while the plant gave out oxygen. Dr. J. C. Draper, of New York, however, maintains that all living things, whether animal or plant, absorb oxygen and give out carbonic acid ; and that the life of the plant is one continuous drinking-in of oxy gen gas. Having grown plants similarly nou rished, in the dark and in the sunlight, he found that all the same parts were produced in both cases almost at the same times, and that the slightly slower evolution of the series grown in the dark is marked by a slightly smaller weight, while the same plant measured by night and by day grows slightly faster in dark ness than in sunlight. The roots of plants grown tinder both circumstances throw out the same kind of excrement. Therefore, as the evolution, and weight, and root secretion agree, he urges that the oarbonic acid has been in both c aes thrown off ai a consequence of growth, and has never been absorbed by the roots and then given out as a vapor from the leaves. — English Mechanic. 