TALES. CHRISTMAS EVE. E7 THE AUTHOR OF LORD LYNN'S WIFE, Jt 0 TBelgravia Annual. " Off to-night ! Mail train, oh? Why, Talbot.'oll fellow, you will lose the cream of the hunting. Nico open weather, with tho scent breast-high, and tho horses in their best form. We draw Appley Gorso on Wed- nesday — a sure find and a splendid country. I want you to show these Melton dandies at Lord Whipham's the way over Bulling- sley Brook. It is a pity to leave us just now." Thus spoke our veteran M.F.H., a thorough sportsman, and a genial, warm hearted gentleman of tho old school, with whom I had been a favorite ever since he first rated me, at tho ripe ago of ten, for riding my shaggy pony too close to the lead ing hounds. I, Talbot Carew, whose name figured in the Landed Gentry as second son of Francis Carew, Esq., of Harbledown Court, and in the Army List as lieutenant in a light ca. valry regiment, looked rueful enough, daresay, as I assured tho good old -master of hounds that there was no help for it, and that with all my de sire to stay until tho frost should put a stop to our sylvan enjoyments go I must. The fact was that my regiment was under orders for India, and that before we sailed my father had urged me to accept an invitation to spend tho Christmas with an uncle and aunt of mine, a certain Sir Charles and Lady Tre- herne, who lived a long way off, in tho West of England, and whom it so happened that I had not seen since my school-boy days. I had no particular desiro to devote my last days in England to a visit at Bram. shaw Hall, where I had never before been a guest, and it was especially un- pleasing to me to leave homo just then. We lived in one of the most famous of those " grass-shires" which form the paradise of foxhunters and tho emporium of weight- carrying hunters and hounds of high degree ; while Bramshaw was situated in Blankshire, which, as overyono knows, is a rocky, heathy, and eminently picturesque county, where foxhunting can only be pursued under difficulties. My parents wero however so anxious that I should not refuse my uncle's well-meant invitation, that I reluctantly made up my mind to accept it, and as thero were sundry matters to transact in town, with reference to equipments, outfit, &c.;, and as wo ex pected to embark for India early in the new year- I was obliged to hurry up to London at onco, to attend to the needful prepara tions, and to he in time to reach Bramshaw before the Christmas festivities should fairly begin. AVhen it began to snow heavily on tho day of my leaving London, I reflected that tho fine scouting weather in our own 'ounty was over for the present, and that I had not lost many runs by my unwilling absence. With all that, I could not help looking upon my visit to Bramshaw as an unmiti gated annoyance. I had seen, aB I have already remarked, very little of tho relatives under whoso roof I was to be domiciled, and to all their friends, as well as to tho part of the country in which thoy resided, 1 was a total stranger. Tho Treherncs wero people who had for several years led a quiet life on their own estate, and tho district in which thoy lived was one that had a reputation for tenaciously keeping up ancient usages and customs exploded in parts of England more infused with tho metropolitan spirit of change. "I supposo I am in," said I to myself, as I gloomily gazed out of the window of the railway carriage and watched the whirling snowilakes sweep past with blinding rapidity, " for what they call a good old-fashioned Christmas. I know. Hound games, snapdragon, blindman's buff, forfeits, and the rest ; and I shall be lucky if I escape hunt tho slipper." v vvunsliaw. Hall turned out to be a fine o. a- 'Enlace, built of Btono which age had cov-ed with mosses and lichens of dainty green and golden russet tints, aud very much superior in an artistic point of view to the red bricks and white copings of our own ancestral mansion in central England. The Hall stood also in a commanding position, perched as it was on a stone tcriace, over looking all the surrounding country with all its horrout woods and bare peaks of gray rock, and the purple moorland clothing the neighboring heights as with a royal robe. One part of the old house — tho western end — looked upon a really lovely glen, something like a bit of Cumberland scenery transplanted to the south ; and there was a steep fall here from where the terrace ended down to tho rough rocks beneath, and to the stream that battled and frothed among the boulders and deep overhanging hanks of its narrow bed. I was very kindly received by the baronet and by my aunt — it was Lady Treherne, by the bye, to whom I was related — and found myself welcomed by a number of guests of different ages, ranging, so far as I could guess, from seven to seventy years, most of whom wore Blankshire people, or from the adjacent counties. I was tho only late arrival, for all tho others had been for several flays at Bramshaw ; so that, as I did not possess tho slightest local knowledge, I was glad to get what Frenchmen call tho carle da pays from those who wero better informed than I was. There was a young fellow thero whom I did know, ono Tollemacho — Lionel Tollomaclio — a full cornet in tho Lancer regiment quartered at Slocliestor, and whoso relations had got him an introduction to Sir Charles as to one of the maguates of the country side. " Awfully jolly old place, you know, and all that," said Cornet Tollemacho to me aside, and with an air of mysterious import ance. "And as regards your uncle and aunt, I only wish that there wore more of the same sort, for kinder people I never knew. Capital house, good cook, decent cover- shooting, and pretty girls staying here ; but — You don't believe in ghosts, Carew, of course ?" " Of course not," said I, wondering. " Nor do I. Awful stuff !" said my friend, and went off to flirt with a Miss I'orter, who came from Slochester too. A lady whose acquaintance I presently made, and who liked, apparently, to hear the sound of her own voice, was more ex plicit than the enigmatical subaltern had been. It was thus that Mrs. Methven ex plained matters : " Why, you see, Mr. Carew, we are rather celebrated for haunted houses iu this part of the country, and the won der was rather that Bramshaw, old as it is, and with all the dreadful things done here that must have been done of course — you men are sad wicked creatures, Mr. Carew, though of course you won't agree with me about that — should not have had a ghost of its own before. But really, What with tho rustlings, and what -with the light tread that passes by our bedroom doors at the strangest hours of the night, and what with vague movements and creaking of the old oak stairs, and things being disturbed or thrown down in a way no servant cun ac count for — why, one does not know what to think , and excepting your good aunt and uncle, to whom no one likes to speak on the subject, I assure you we arc all exceedingly uneasy and uncomfortable." -And indeed, on further inquiry, so I found it. A vague feeling of discomfort, almost of alarm, was abroad among the guests. Din ner, however, so far as I could see, dispelled all these dismal day-dreams as to haunted /"-uses and creaking stairs ; and indeed I As.v o not often known peoplu who enjoyed themselves so heartily as these Blankshire gentry around my uncle's hospitable board. J hey all knew each other, and had at their lingers ends, so to speak, the names and cir- oiim stances of every marrieddaugliter, anilof every son at bandhurat or the University. A few outsiders thero wero : Tollemachc, the l-ortcr girls, and Major Porter— an -.popletic old soldier, who rarely spoke, ex cept with reference to "tho Book, or "tho I' ciunsuJa," — and myself ; esoteric: persons, ho J.d not know who Mary and Jane had married, and who had never admired Frank's — o.e at cricket, or the matchless horseman- -h.p of Adolpkus; But they were all very k.nd, and did their best to lighten our natural scne of inferiority to those who were better .nformed. The dinner was an excellent one, and it passed meirily, and the children came in at dessert in gay frocks and sashes and velvet tunics, and shilling curls, accord ing to sex and complexion, and there Was a great silver-gilt caldron full of something hot and strong, which was called the wassail bowl, and we all sipped and laughed, and became seasonably merry and blithely sportive. I'heu in the drawing-room there were games of all sorts — ono of forfeits among than -and, to my own amazement, I found myself voted by the children into the high digmty am office of Lord of Misrule, or f Grand Mufti, or something of tho sort ; which post I accepted because they clapped their little hands and seemed so eager and bright-eyed, and because even then, at one- anil-twenty, I could not bear to say to chil dren, Nay. And wo had a great deal of romping, laughter, and intense noise, to tho disgust of young Toilcmache, who wondered how an officer of my standing could thus de mean himself ; until the tired darlings wore taken off to bed, and it was almost time for us grown people to go to bed too. I think tho liveliest of tho young girls there, tho quickest gucsscr of charade or con undrum, the deftest at "post" or " puss in tho corner," the smartest competitor at forfeits, was my youug cousin Blanche, the only child of Sir Charles and Lady Treherne ; a delicate pale slip of a girl, with flue eyes and long fair hair, but by no means so pretty as several of the little rich-complexioncd West of England pixies who frolicked around her. Blanche's health, as I conjectured when first she put her thin hand into that of "Cousin Talbot Carew," was none of tho best ; and I could see liy Lady Trelierne's half-anxious, half-gratified look, than she was surprised by the unusual animation which her daughter, usually lan guid aud reserved, displayed on the occasion of these Christmas sports. Well, we went to bed. My room was at tho east end of the house, and was known as the tapestry room. Its walls were, indeed, covered with tapestry of great antiquity and ugliness, and tho bed was an imposing structure, calculated to impart to the intelli gent foreigner, should ho ever gain admit tance, a proper appreciation of the majesty of sleep. A wood fire, clear, ruddy, and bright, burned on the ample hearth, where tbc massive "dogs" or andirons of parcel cilt steel were formed to represent tbe heraldic cognisance of tho Trehernes. I was tired, but not disposed for sleep ; so instead of retiring to rest, I sat down before the fire, from time to time tossing a fresh log into tbe blaze, and meditating on many things, on my life, past, present, aud future, as I gazed on tbe glowing embers, which seemed to have that strange fascination for me they have bad for thousands. At last, the sullen sound of the great clock in the turret above the stables reminded mo that it was very late, conventionally as well as actually, and that I had hotter get some sleep while I could ; and then it was that, feeling for my watch and missing that accus tomed pocket-companion, I recollected that when we Were at play downstairs, my watch had been one of the forfeited pledges, late redeemed, aud that it had been left Tying on tho marble mantelpiece in the great draw ing- room, since I had forgotten to take it lip when my little playmates left us. " It serves mo fight," said I cynically, with .the remembrance of Tollemacho's face floating before my mental vision, "for making sue. a fool of myself. Never mind I I'll fetch it." So I took up my candle and sallied forth. The passage which gave access to my room was called the Gothic Gallery, probably because it was narrow and dark with hideous mediaival carvings in niches, and stained- glass casements, through the tinted panes of which the pure white snow outside looked crimson, ochrc-yellow, or of a dusky green. This passage leads into tho wider and loftier ono styled tho Oaken Gallery, where tho family portraits hang against the panelled walls ; and from this, tho broad and ela borately carved staircaso of dark and polished wood conducts to the entrauce-hall below. I made my way to the drawingroom, found my watch without difficulty, tho centre of a heap of torn gloves, crushed flowers, and the pink or bluo papers that had been wrapped around French bonbons, relics of. the juvenile revelry. I had nearly reached my room again when a gust of wind, caused by1 the sudden opening off a doer, extinguished my candle. Immediately afterwards. I saw tho faint glimmer of a light slowly anil steadily approaching. Nearer anil nearer it camo ; and presently I could distinguish a figure clothed in white, or some light color that looked white in the uncertain light, gliding with a noiseless tread and a smooth evenness of motion which was of itself remarkable. I am, I hope, as bravo as my neighbors ; and I may say, without boasting, that I have not been found lacking when face to faeo with danger in a tangible shape ; but I confess that a eold shuddering chill ran through my limbs, and that my heart bounded like a startled horse, and then seemed to cease beating, as I caught sight of this mysterious form silently and surely approaching me. The Blankshire lady's story of vague alarm3 among tho visitors on account of strange occurrences by night in that old house, tho very scene, with its solemn state anil antique magnifi cence, for the manifestation of supernatural phenomena, recurred to mo with disagree able emphasis. Idle words had I thought them at the time when they were uttered ; but now I felt anything rather than in- clincd to ridiculo them. Tho apparition drew nearer, and by an involuntary im pulse I shrank back into a doorway, as if to allow it to pass. It did pass ; and in a moment more I breathed more freely, and began to be heartily ashamed of my super stitious fancies. Blanche ! Yes, it was my young cousin, Blanche Treherne. I recognised her as she jassod close by me, carrying her candle in a mnd that was as steady as if it had been that of a statue ; and, in truth, marble itself could scarcely have been paler than her fair innocent faco as she went by, to all appear ance, without perceiving me. She still wore tbe dress that she had worn during tlio evening's merry-making down stairs, lier pretty whito frock relieved by some admixture of light blue. Her long hair, of a pale golden color, hung loose over her shoulders ; and I noticed with wonder that her small feet were hare, so that her stop caused no more sound than if she had indeed been a phantom. On she went, walking slowly but with no sign of hesita tion, her eyes fixed on something — what, I knew not— as if a spirit's shadowy hand had beckoned her onwards. By some instinct, I had refrained from addressingher, oven in my surprise at the recognition ; but now, moved by au impulse for which I could not account, I left my place of espial and followed her at some distance, being careful to tread as lightly as I could. She passed .on, along the Oaken Gallery, and I wondered more and more at the strangeness of her conduct. Her own chamber was, I conjectured, on the floor above, as were those of several of tho visitors, while others, a3 well as tho master and mistress of the house, slept in that part of the mansion from which every step re moved her farther and farther. Why, in the name of common sense, had she chosen to range the house thus on this bitter win ter's night, and what could he the steady purpose that drew her forward, as steel is drawn to a magnet ? Ah ! now she can go no further, unless her intention be, as doubtless it is, to de scend to the reception- rooms below by the grand staircase, for she has reached the end of theOaken Gallery. Such was my soliloquy, as I cudgelled my brains in the effort to devise a reason for these extraordinary proceedings on the part of a girl of my cousin's age. It was just possible that she, like myself, might have left down stairs some object of which she was now in search ; but if so, why this ghostlike gliding with bare feet about th<5 mansion ef which sho was the heiress, in dulged and loved by all? These thoughts came into my head as for an instant she stood still, near the angle of the broad laniling-place, while in front of her was the great French window, filling up nearly two- thirds of tho width of the -wide passage, by which tho Oaken Gallery was lighted. This window was an innovation, no doubt, but an improvement on tho small-paned casement of stained glass, through which the sun had scarcely had power to illumine tho old pic tures that lined the walls, which it had superseded. " By heaven, she is lost !" was my hasty exclamation, as, to my infinite horror, I saw Blanche turn from the staircase, and deliberately yet quickly throw open the tall French window. That verv day. iust after sunset, Sir Charles had insisted on my ad miring tho view from that west window, which commanded a bold sweep of country, swelling moorland, and black pine-woods, rocky fort, and the distant sea. The win dow was at a great height above the ground, since from it one could look down sheer over the edge of the stone terrace on which the mansion stood, to a roeky dell, where far below a brawling stream made music among the boulders that fretted its waters into foam. All this I re membered at the ' same instant that the dreadful truth Hashed upon me. Blanche was a sleepwalker — her actionB were prompted by the strange mechanical semi consciousness of thesomnambalist — and from this terrible slumber that was not rest, her awakening would be in another world. Nearer and nearer yet sho drew to the giddy verge, her eyes steadily fixed on vacancy. She stood poised on tho very sill of the Gpen window, through which the bleak uiglit air rushed in, causing the candle iu her uncon scious hand to flare and flicker. I dared not call, dared not raise my vgice, lest I should startle her, and precipitate the catastrophe that seemed imminent. There was a chance, though a poor one, that she would close the window and return to her room, as I heard that sleepwalkers sometimes do, ignorant of the mortal peril so nearly en- countered. Now she seems to bend slightly forward, hor slender figure actually overhanging the abyss. A fall from such a height must ho fatal. Bitterly blamiDg myself for my own lack of prudence, in allowing things to pro ceed to this pitch before I interfered, I mustered all my strength for ono desperate bound, sprang to her side, and caught the girl's falling weight in my arms, at tho very moment when sho stepped from the window-ledge. A second or two would have mado my hasty movement too lato ; and as it was, it was well that Blanche was a light burden, and that I was active and strong, or both might have fallen from that dizzy perch. Blanche, abruptly awakened, broke tho silence of tho house by an agon ised scream, as of mingled pain and terror, and for an instand sho struggled, whilo tho candlestick dropped from her hand. The candle was extinguished iu its fall ; but I looked down and saw tho tiny luminous spark of tho burning wick falling, falling through tho midnight darkness, and then heard the dull clang as the silver candlestick reached the rocks below. Blanche's shrieks had effectually arouBcd the household, and before I could soothe her natural alarm, she was clasped in her mother's arms ; while a babel of voices rose clamorously around us, and conjectures, ex clamations of horror or of thankfulness, were uttered on all hands, as visitors and servants camo successively hurrying to the spot whence the cries had been heard. That the young heiress of tho Trehernes was a somnambulist was what no one, not even her own parents, knew, hor had the poor fright- cneil child herself the least suspicion that this was the case ; but at any rato the incipient ghost stories with reference to Bramshaw Hall were now nipped in tho bull, and the most superstitiously disposed could not doubt tho connection between the mys terious occurrences of which they hail whis pered, and Blanche's unlucky peculiarity. The candlestick, ilintcd and battered, was found next morning among the rocks below the terrace. I prefer to pass lightly over tho deep and fervent expressions of gratitude and strong feeling with which Sir Charles and Laily Treherne acknowledged tho preservation of their only child ; but I remember to bavo reddened and winced excessively under the weight of praises undeserved, since any one else in my place would exactly have done as much, and it rather annoyed me than other: wise that the company persisted in treating mo as a sort of licro during tho rest of my stay, and iu humoring and deferring to me ns if I had been some great public bene factor. Tiio only exception to this general conspiracy to make much of an unworthy individual was Blanclio herself. My young cousin seemed to avoid me since that eventful night, and of all the farewells that were said when I returned home, tho coldest good-bye was Blanche's own. Wo sailed for India, and for four years I went through tho usual round of Indian duties and amusements, with no opportuni ties of active service, but a fair average of sport with gun, rille, and boar-spear, with plenty of drill as well as dancing, and an occasional change of station as tho chief military event of tho year. During this time I sometimes received, though rarely, a letter from my aunt ; hut from home I often heard tidings of tho Trcliornes, who 110 longer resided constantly at Bramshaw, but wero often in London, on tho Continent, or at English seaside watering places. At the end of four years, my elder brother, poor Tom, died, and my parents pressed mo to leavo tho armv and come home, the necessity for a profession in my case no longer existing. With somo regret I bade adieu to my former life and its associa tions ; but, after all, there is no great hard ship in being the future proprietor of an en tailed estate like ours, and with tolerable re signation I sent in my papers and renounced the career of arms. I had not been long in England before an invitation to repeat my former Christmas visit to Bramshaw Hall reached me, couched iu such affectionate terms, and so urgent, that I could not find it in my heart to decline. " Mind," said my father jestingly, "that you don't leavo your heart behind you there, unless indeed you have left it in India. Miss Blanche, I am told by those who are judges of such matters, has turned out amazingly good- looking." I laughed, and answered with a tone of perfect conviction that thero was little pros pect of any love-passages between my cousin, now ' sixteen years of age, and myself. I found that my father's account of Blanche's appearance hardly did justice to the reality. She had developed into a very pretty girl, who at moments, as when sho sang, which she did in a sweet sad voice, nnd with much musical taste and skill, looked absolutely lovely. I took an opportunity to ask Lady Treherne, half jocularly, whether "the ghost" was effectually exorcised, and sleep-walking a thing of the past. AVith perfect confidence my aunt replied in the affirmative. Care, and change of air and of scene, amusement and study, had, she said, done wonders for Blanche's health ; and whereas tho extreme delicacy of her consti tution hail formerly caused much anxiety to her parents, they now considered her to ho quite well and strong. "It was on her account, dear girl," said Lady Treherne, " that wo quiet old folks have run about the world as wo have done, travelling and plea sure hunting ; for, you must know, Talbot, this is the first Christmas wo have spent at the Hall since — since vou were with us." A curious coincidence. It was wild snowy weather again, and ivith few excep tions tho same company that I had formerly met had reassembled under Sir Charles's hospitable roof. As before, I had arrived on Christmas-eve ; and as the dinner in its old style, and the dance, and tho songs and music, and tho games for tbe children, succeeded in precisely the same fashion, I could have imagined that the four last years wero the baseless vision of a dream, and that this was my first aud only Christmas at Bramshaw Hall. One change there certainly was. Blanche, no longer a child, was taken in to dinner by me, and she did not avoid mo in the pointed, almost petulant, manner in which she had turned from mo when sho was but twelve years old; but I could make no way with her in conversation, nor did she meet my eyes frankly, but allowed hers to rest anywhere but on my face when I ad dressed her, answered my best things with monosyllables, blushed when I spoke care lessly of our former meeting, and altogether disconcerted me, who was perhaps a little vain of my powers of pleasing. 1 soon gave her up as hopeless,- and directed my attcn tions elsewhere. Never in my life had I felt myself less dis posed to sleep than when, lato on the night of Christmas-eve, I sat before the crackling wood Jiire in my bedroom — they had given me the Tapestry Room as beforo — and medi tated on all that had occurred, for good or ill, since last I was the tenant of that ancient chamber. Four years ago poor Tom, my elder brother, was hale and strong, and I a younger son, with no prospects but such as my profession might, in these, from a military point of view, hard times, open out before me. Four years ago I was setting out for India, with scanty chances of revisiting familiar scenes and associating with old friends, until absence should have weakened the memo ries of tbe first, and thinned the numbers of the latter. Yes, four years ago; how strange was tho adventure of that other Christmas-eve to which my thoughts fiew back, no matter- on what subject I might be pondering ! Blanclio Treherno was a pretty girl — very pretty. Yes, my father had been accurately informed on that point. Accomplished too, but not, perhaps, a person of very deep feeling, or surely she might have been a little more cordial with a kinsman just re turned from a four years' exile, and who hail been once lucky enough to render her a ser vice which— Well, well ! that was an old .story now, and young ladies have plenty to occupy their heads without treasuring up romantic gratitude for something that hap pened in their childhood. I drew aside the heavy window curtains and looked out. Snow, snow everywhorc, as on that memorable night long ago. It was but a thin sprinkling as yet, however, for it had but begun to fail on the previous day. The sky was streaked with clouds, through the rifts of which a wan new inoon peepctl coldly. There had been no moon to light tbe inky blackness of the night four years since, and so far there was a difference. I could not go to bed. Somehow, do what I would, I remained wakeful and watchful, with an uudefinable impression upon me that I was wanted, that I had a duty to perform, and that I must not sleep. I listened intently for tho slightest souiia, and even tbe mean of the wind without seemed to me like a human voico com plaining. Again and again did I throw wood upon tho fire, until my supply of fuel waned to such an extent that it was plain that I must soon retire to rest, or sit up fireless. "This will never do," said I; "fancy is making a fool of mo; and because something queer happened when I was last here I cannot accept tho prosaic view of life, wlpcb is of course the truo ono. I'll just slip out aud tako a glance at the scene of my former adventure, and then come back and go to sleep for tbe rest of the dark hours." So saying, I took my candle, and emerged into tho Gothic Gallery. Instinctively I turned to the point, where, four years since, I had espied tho gleam of tho light iu Blanche's band. All was darkness now. Here, too, was tho doorway into which I had retired to allow tho appari tion, as I had deemed it, to pass. Smiling at tho recollection of my own irrational alarm, I went on, walking softly, to the corner of tho Oaken Gallery. " So vivid is the imagination," said I, "that I almost ex pect to see tho glimmer of tho light, and tho childish figure gliding on before me, as when — " Tho words died away on my lips, for what I beheld was a Bight that curdled my very life blood with horror. At tho other end of the Oaken Gallery, receding from me, and within a few feet of the great west window, was a femalo figure draped in whito, distinctly visible, and carrying a lighted candle with the same im passive mechanical steadiness that I had noticed four years since ; advancing slowly too, and noiselessly, with the samo air of being beckoned fonvard by a viewless hand that had shocked me in a child so narrowly rescued from a cruel death. It was no dream — no creation of a distempered brain. No. It was Blanche herself ; her bright hair floating like palo gold over her shoulders, and wearing a loose peignoir of white cash mere. While I stood speechless, she ad vanced, and with a slow but certain move ment of the hand which was free, sho began to unclasp the fastenings of the great French window. For a moment I stood, as if rooted to the ground by horror. I tried to rush forward, but my feet seemed nailed to the floor, and my voice, when I essayed to call aloud, refused to obey my. volition. The low creaking sound, as tlio window slowly opened, and the inward rush of the shriek ing night-wind, dissolved tlio spell of my helplessness, and I darted along the gallery, shouting, or attempting to shout, though my voico reached my own ear but as a harsh and hollow murmur. Tho whito figure, bending, forward, seemed about to vanish in the blackness beyond. Suddenly the candle was extinguished by a stronger gust of wind, and I uttered a cry of horror, for I thought that Blanche had actually fallen ; but by Heaven's _ mercy I was in time, hut just in time. My arm was round her waist, my hand was on her arm. as she was tottering on tho very verge of the dread pre cipice ; and by a quick and powerful exer tion I drew her back. She awoke, with a low moaning cry, such as may often bo heard on tho lips of a child suddenly aroused from sleep. " AVhat is this, " she said wildly — "where am I? — Cousin — what — where?" Then, as sho looked around, and saw the reality of the position, she shuddered, and sank fainting nnd unconscious into my arms. Bearing her as swiftly and tenderly as I could along tho Oaken Gallery, I laid her on a sofa that stood in tho adjacent corridor; and hurrying to Lady Trebernc's door, aroused my aunt from her sleep, aud related in few words what had befallen her daugh ter ; and how, a second time, sho had been providentially snatched from the jaws of death. "It was tho association of ideas that did the mischief — not a doubt of it," said the old family physician, who had known Blanche from her infancy ; "the cure seemed com plete, aud in effect was so; but no doubt the Christmas spent for tlio first time at the old house and in the old way ; the similarity of the weather aud of tho evening's amuse ments ; and, above all, Mr. Carew's pre sence, with the memory of the former ad venture, influenced our young friend's fancy in a manner that might have been — But we won't talk of that now." Tho Treherncs left Bramshaw at onco ; and at their earnest wish I accompanied them, and paid the remainder of my visit at their houso iu London. Here it was that I learned to find Blanche very, very dear to me ; and that after some weeks I ventured to ask her to bo niywife. "I thought," said I, as I took her little hand, unresisting, in mine, "that you rather disliked me than otherwise formerly ; but perhaps now — " "Do you remember four years ago?" she asked, interrupting mo, and with a burning cheek anil a glance, half arch, half shy, that puzzled me greatly. " Yes, of course I do," answered I, per plexed. " Because I have loved you ever since — ever since you — first — " and she shuddered, and hid her beautiful blushing face on my shoulder. Sir Charles and Lady Treherne gave their willing sanction to the engagement between Blanche nnd myself, which was equally wel come to my own parents ; but on account of the youth of tho bride elect, it was thought better to postpone tho wedding for another year, till Miss Treherne should have passed her seventeenth birthday. 