THE PROPOSED RAILWAY TO THE MURRAY. MEETING AT STRATHALBYN. A public meeting, convened by requisition, to take into consideration the question of tbe proposed railway from Adelaide to the Murray, was held at the Terminus Hotel, Strathalbyn, on Monday afternoon, August U. There were about eighty gentlemen present, and the chair was occupied by His Worship the Mayor (\V. Colman, Esq.V who commenced the »roeeedii;-rs bv reading the advertisement containing the requisition from the Southern Atgus, in compliance with which the meeting had been called. He sail as there were many gentlemen present who were doubtless prepared to bring important information before them it would be advisable that no gentleman Bliould speak more tban once on one resolntion, so as to save time. Apologies were read for the non-attendance of the members for Encounter Bay (the Hon. Tlios. Reynolds and W. Kogers, M.P.,) both of whom bad attended a meeting on the same subject recently held at Port Victor, where they had fully expressed their views. Mr. Reynolds stated that he had been almost blind for so re days and was afraid of exposure. Dr. Ferguson, J.P.,one of the reqaisitionists, was also absent through professional duties. Mr. E. J. Hectoe proposed — ' That it is inexpedient to construct a railroad from Adelaide to the River Murray, the existing facilities being sufficient for the present trade.' He said the Eiver Murray was already conuected with Adelaide by three gooi 'maca- damized roads, one from Blanchetown, another from Mannnm, and another from Milang, besides a good tr.imway from Gojlwa to Victor Harbor. A great deal of money tad been expended on the latter port to make it a suitable port for the requirements of the trade. The whole of the traffic of tbe Darling was conveyed through one or tbe other of those routes — either Blanchetown, Mannum, and Milan-- ; or, GooJwa and Victor Harbor. Those were tbe present facilities of the trade. The principal point urged . by the advo cates of the scheme was that the delays on the various routes were so great that the colony was in danger of losing the River Trade. There was no difficulty whatever in getting tbe wool to Adelaide — it was only a question of time. The time tisauily occupied bv teams was two days and a half. It was also asserted that vessels could not be loaded with sufficient dispatch at Port Victor to secure the English market, and in order to get the dispatch they say is requisite, it has been proposed to construct a railway to Mannum at an estimated cost by one engineer of £400,000 ; whilst by others the estimates rang-e from £800,000 to £1,000,000. Tbe whole of that outlay was only to secure to the colony the trade of the Darling, which consisted of about 18,000 bales of wool per annum. It was expect ed by this expenditure to wrest from the other colonies the whole of the Murrumbidgee and Darling Trade as well as that of the Murray. Some very fallacious figures had been given on tbe subject before the Chamber of Commerce by Mr. Charnoek, who, as a matter of course, endeavoured to put the scheme before the public in its brightest lijrht. He (Mr. Cliamock) estimated that there were 200,000 square miles in area of Darling, Murrumbidp.ee, aud Murray River country, which in ten years would contain 15,000,000 sheep. That area of country was at present only occupied by 5,0d0,000 sheep of mixed sexes anil ages* which would have to increase very rapidly to reach tbe number named. It was also estimated the produce of that area, of country in ten years would be 225,' 00 bales ot' wool ; ov, at the rate of 6$ lbs of wooi to each sheep. Many were doubtless well acquainted with the nature of Merinos, and would say that sueh an estimate of the yield was far too high. The Riverina District *vas expected to support 15,000,000 sheep in ten years The area of Victoria, which possessed the best pas toral land in the Australias, was 80,000 square miles, and when compared with the Riverina District, which was subject to periodical droughts, causing a great loss in the nocks, tuny would lind that it only contain ed Ci millions of sheep, so that according to Mr. Charnock's estimate the Riverina District would have to support as many sbeep per square mile as Victoria, which it coold not possibly do. (Hear, hear). In comparing Tasmania with ltiverina with its superior climate they found it contained an area of 26,000 square miles, and was stocked with 1,700,000 sheep. According to that, if ltiverina with its periodical droughts was made to run as many sheep per squire mile as Tasmania with its superior climate, it would only contain 13:000,000 of sheep. Mr. Charnoek had done all be conld to make the trade appear very lar»e, 60 that a railway should be considered necessary. Some day or other a railway misjlit be required, but not at present (hear, hear), for other works were far more necessary for the development of the resources of the colony. (Hear, hear). The Northern Areas were crying out for roads, ports, &c.;, and he considered it would be a great waste of money to carry out sucli a scheme when other parts of the colony required assistance so badly. (Hear, hear). Labour whs also short in the colony, and if such a work were commenc ed it would take away that labour that would be necessary for more important works, and would ulti mately end in a great loss to the colony. (Applause). Mr. James Rakkine seconded the motion, and said he considered it highly inexpedient to construct a rail way to the Murray, even if Mr. Charnoek's statement were a true one. (Hear, hear). He had given the subject a great deal of consideration, aud considered the line would not be worth the cost of construction, and would only benefit the Riverina squatters and a very few Adelaide merchants. (Hear, hear). It was doubtless well known to all that goods from South Australia now went up the river to New South Wales free of duty, this Government having paid £13.000 per annum for that privilege, that amount being the estimate of customs duties previously collected by South Australia on the various ports on the Murray. The present arrangements he considered benefited the j merchants, who were in a position tar from requiring such concessions being made them. If a railway was constructed, there would be no return whatever to the colon j. (Hear, hear). It also appeared to him suoh a , work was quite unnecessary, as they at present bad all the facilities that were required for the conveyance of goods. (Hear, hear). If a railway was made into the interior of the colony or to some of the Northern Areas their revenue would be benefited by the goods conveyed along such line ; the land through which it ran would be enhanced in value ; and it would also be the means of attracting a population to i s immeuiate vicinity On the other hand, if a railroad were made to the River, it would prove a dead loss to the colony, seeing that the present facilities for traffic from either of the various ports on the Murray were adequate for the trade. (Hear, hear). If quicker transit was required, it could be easily obtained by giving the teamsters a remunerative price for their exertions, and it would be found tbe time occupied in traversing the road would be very little different to that by rail. (Hear, hear). On referring to Mr. Charnoek's figures, he said he quite concurred with what Mr. Hector had said on the matter. (Hear, hear). He had had some experience in wool growing, and found that, leaving out the lambs, 100 fleeces went to the bale, so that Mr. Charnoek had over-estimated the number of bales by seventy thousand. Looking at tbe report of the Chamber of Commerce, it would be seen that it was admitted the railway would not pay expenses for several years to come. He considered that a very poor argument in its favour, and believed it never could be made to pay. (Hear, hear). They might safely conclude it would never pay its working expenses. The cost of bringing wool to Port Adelaide was far less than taking it to Melbourne, so there must be some very great attraction at the other end of the route. It was stated the freight on wool from Echuca to Melbourne was about double what was charged to Victor Harbor. If that was the case, tbe attraction to Melbourne must be very great, and even if a railway were made they could not possibly divert the traffic. (Hear, hear). Mr. Acraman said, in the Chamber of Commerce, ' The freights on wool from here to London were nearly clouMe those from Melbourne; and that was a serious item. He himself had had large quanti ties of wool at Port Victor, the owners of which preferred to pay 8t. per bale freight to Melbourne rather than 2s. 6d. per bale to Port Adelaide. While this enormous difference in freight existed, he did not believe we could secure the bulk of the trade, and he did not see much probability of this difference being done away with.' Wool could be conveyed as cheaply, if not cheaper along the road than by rail, and he protested against such a scheme being carried «ut, as it would only benefit a small class of their community and be the means of increasing their national debt. (Applause). Mr. H. Allen, jun., stated that Mr. Rankine was in error when he said that the £13,000 paid by this Government to that of New South WaleB benefited the merchants. Such misstat-ments did a great deal of injury. The duties were collected on goods as they arrived at Port Adelaide in the usual manner ; pre viously, the amounts were collected at the various Murray ports. Before thosQ arrangements were made, the squatters paid the duty not the merchant. He thought Mr. Hector had over-estimated the quantity of wool annually coming down the Darling by 6,000 bales. Although he believed their trade with the Upper Rivers would increase very considerably, a rail way would never secure it to the colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Rakk'SE still believed that under existing arrangements the merchants would benefit. He did not doubt but that the duties were eventually paid by the squatter ; but the merchant would profit by the transaction. Mr. Alles, being: a shipping agent, ought to knonr something of the matter. Previously, when the mer chants shipped goods at the v.-irious ports on the Murray, they paid the duty and charged the consignee accordingly. Now, the Government of South Austra lia paid £13.500 per annum to New ?outh Wales to allow goods to enter her territory duty free. The merchant paid the duty once at Port Adelaide; whereas formerly he had to pay 1o both the colonies. Mr. A. H. Lakdseek, J.P., h*d very great pleasure in supporting the proposition. He thought that a railway for the Murray Trade was versus common sense and justice to South Australia. (Hear, hear.) He would first take the trade, looking at it in the ordinary sense, as if the Riverine District was part and parcel of South Australia ; and he thought that even from that point of view he would be able to show conclusively that the facilities already at hand were quite equal to it, and that a monstrous injustice to tbe colony generally would be done if they were to make a railway — eVen at the low calculation of £400,000. Taking the extreme, they could not calculate on more than 40 tons of goods per week from Adelaide ; and takings the last three years as a jruide, they had only an average of about 1 5*000 bales of wool a year, though the flow of the river had been unusually good. They had already an excellent sea- board road at one end, with a tramway connecting it with Port Victor, and the shipping rates from that port were about the same as from Port Adelaide. Wool could be put on board the vessels at Port Vic or from the steamers at Goolwa., according to Mr. Allen's estimate, at from 15s. to 20s. per ton. If tbe merchants preferred to have their wools shipped at Port Adelaide, he would guarantee to place it there at from 27s. 6d. to 30s. per ton, and at present wool could be taken from Mannum for 30s. to 35s. per ton. Goods required by settlers are taken from Port Adelaide and delivered at Goolvva ready for Murray steamer for 17s. 6J. to 20s. per ton weight and measurement, or from Adelaide over good road to Miiang at 25s. per ton dead weight. And there, was a good road to Maniium at a cost of 27s. 6d. to 3rts. per ton. The accommodation for trade at Goolwa wasquite equal to 500 tons per week -, aud in addition there was tbe notorious fact that during tbe last few weeks four of the largest of the Murray steamers had passed through the Mouth, been roand to Port Adelaide, and brought their cargoes through, one of them towing its barge also. (Applause.) These were indisputable facts ; and he would ask if th«y -3i-l not consider the trade well done by, even supposing that the territory up the river belonged to South Australia? (Hear, hear.) Would any honest man that had really the interest only of his adopted country at heart ask to have a rail way constructed m addition to these faculties, and thus, putting it in the mildest sense, tax our population at something like the additional rate of £2 per head ? They w.^uld find, on looking over the map, that the Murray and its tributaries show an internal network of about 5,000 miles of rivers, navigable from a few weeks to a few months generally once a year, according to distance from the main stream. South Australia only holds power over about 466 miles, beyond which she is then subjected to the whims and' caprices of Victoria on the one hand, and New South Wales on the other. Victoria completely shuts us out on her portion of the river by her protective duties ; for instance, 40s. per ton on flour, 20s. on wheat, anil £18 13s. 4d. on soap, in addition to 5s. per ton wharfage, though you kixl the goods on the river bank. New South Wales, as she is not in a position to do the trade herself — not having yet pushed her railways to the river — kindly aHoivs Victoria, in consideration of £47,000 a year, to sell what goods she can on the river ; aixl when they considered that Melbourne merchants and interested parties had managed to construct a railway at the ex pense of £8 per head on her population, they might fairly congratulate the promoters on their success ! From South Australia she puts up with only £13,000 per annum, in consideration that they had not yet spent their million on a South Australian railway to the Murray. Build it, and New South Wales would imagine that the trade had been greatly underesti mated, and, as a consequence, would raise the figure to £20,000 or £30,00' per year, or make terms wi?h Vic toria to farm the whole. (Hear, hear.) What a bril liant speculation to construct a railway for such a trade ! He would be deeply grieved to see their young colony duped and fooled into entertaining such a work as this, and he was certain every thinking colonist must come to the same conclusion. Looking at the warmth displayed at the late meeting of the Chamber of Commerce relative to this question, and the promi nency Mannum assumed, one might almost think that some of its members had at least a lease of that invalu able spot. (Laughter.) He was greatly gratified that Messrs. Goode and Acraman let out their minds, and they both evidently felt that unless they spoke plainly the Chamber would stand nearly committed to the Mannnm scheme. Mr. Acraman was a most experi enced referee as to the River Trade, and he told them that surveys had been made in far cheaper times by three good practical men — Hanson, Hargraves, and Murray — and that their estimate ranged to a million. (Applause.) He also told them that if the construction of a railway to the Murray was to be by a joint stock Company, not one of these promoters would invest a £5 note in it. (Hear, hear) He told them that if three railways were made they would not secure the River Trade, and that the charges for sending wool home from Port Adelaide were much higher than they were from Victoria. In addition to these remarks, he would show how distorted facts must be to attempt to show that South A ustralia held even the ghost of a chance as regards Riverina wools. Hay, on the Mur rumbidgee, which was about the most central and one of the leading townships in that locality, was about the same distance from Adelaide as Wilcannia on the Darling was. He begged particular attention to the figures : — Washed wool from Wilcannia, as per combination rates agreed to, per steamer ? £6 5 0 Mannum Hallway, when construc ted, as per Mr. Charuoek's rates 110 £7 6 0 Wool as per statement in Adelaide daily, from Echuca to Melbourne, per ton ? £2 5 6 Steamer freight from Hay to Echuca .. .. .. ..200 £4 5 6 Showing a difference of £3 Os. 6d. in favour of the Kehuca route. Mr. Charnoek's estimate via Eehuca was even less, as Bhown in the following : — Echuca to Williamstpwn, per ton.. £1 19 2 Steamer freight from Hay to Echuea 2 O 0 £3 19 2 I The last showed a clear saving to shippers of wool from Hay of £3 6s. 10J. per ton. besides cheaper rates of freight from Victoria. He had not given any agency charges in either of these cases, as they would no doubt be about the same. Did that look like beinir able to compete with Victoria for liiverine wools^ Yet the promoters of that mad railway scheme would try to make the public believe there was a chance. To show how determined the promoters of this Man nam railway were, they would note they had been round to Adelaide Insurance Offices to get them to nut an extra rate of insurance on vessels crossing the Lake, though there had not been a solitary package damaged in vessels going upwards for 15 years, and not a bale of wool lost ! (Applause.) Truly a Man num craft came to grief by getting on a sand spit, and damaged a lot of wool, and auother vessel got ashore through having left her anchor at home! (Laughter and applause.) For every accident on the Lake there bad been more than 20 up the river, and, in many in stances, with loss of wool. No doubt a Melbourne In surance Company would soon put that matter right; for any honest Captain would tell them that there was far less risk ou the Lake tliaD in taking one of the sharp bends of the river. (Hear, hear.) Lately, strange to say, all who had surveyed Victor Harbor— j and many were men of note — and who bad stated that with little cost it could be made a splendid harbor, were held up as ignorant pretenders, and it was stated the harbor was no good They also said there were too many ports on the river. As far as he knew, he had always been under the impression -.hat competi tion was the spirit of trade — (he ir, hear) — and he was certain the Darling squatter had found that to be the case ; for each of the ports had been doing their best to get the trade, and the. present rates showed that they got their goods brought from Adelaide to the j river for just half what they paid a few years back. ' The action lately taken in order to force Mannum u»on i the squatters by 3»ere-sing the insurance, making diffi- 1 culties where none existed, aud, in order to carry out .i the Mannum scheme, forming combinations amon«- the j ship-owners at Tates agreed to, would just drive the i Darling squatter and merchant to Echuca to seek that which they found South Australia did not afford, namely, fair free trading. (Hear, hear.) All that j came from trying to force a railway scbeme at no I aiatter what cost, to suit a few interested parties. ] (Applause.) If they were able to spend a large sum I of money for railway purposes, lei them see that it led j to the Northern Areas and mineral districts, which } were pining for want of communication ; or at least j into their own territory, where they assumed not j merely the position of carriers to the population, but ,' pocket the duties for the general benefit of the colon}'. They should just think a moment when they saw a dozen cases of spirits in transit that it had paid 20s. into the common Treasury; a quarter-cask, £14 to £17; a chest of tea, 21s.; a half-tieree of tobacco, £40. This was the case when the goods were con sumed by their own people. A railway for the Mur ray Trade would just reverse this, tor they handed over the duties to Xew South Wales in a lump sura. Would any sane man use up his public funds for such a work as a railway for the Murray Trade ? He hoped they had committed folly enough r^s'arding the Mur ray for one while by sending home for that obstruction to Murray navigation called the Murray Bridge, which they were erecting near Thompson's at a cost of thou sands of pounds to the colony, and under which an ordiuary sailing boat of 10 tons eould. not pans. There was ouly one feature about it that is in comparison, namely, the locality chosen. It commences on this side in the land of misery, and ends on the other in a country of bog and despair ! (Hear, hear, aud ap plause.) It behoved them to watch well and carefully. The Southern Districts should put themselves in com munication with the Northern ones ; and, if need be, let the colony rise as a man before any such wilful sacrifice is made of public money as spending it on a railway to the Murray. It would eventuate in land tax, stamp duties, and such like honours. Every member of the Legislature should be in possession of the facts of the case. He trusted they would work manfully to put down that abomination — a railway for Murray Trade in any direction at the expense of South Australia. (Cheers ) As to the point in dispute be tween Mr. Allen and Mr. Raukine, he would say that when goods were sent up the river the charges were made upon the squatter, either directly or in the prices of the goods. At present we were under obligation to pay £J3,500 a year to the New South Wales Govern ment for three years; but supposing the Darling should kindly take up the idea of closing for 18 months — as it did before— the colony .would he placed in a very awkward predicament. He did not think South Australia was in any better position than she was before. Goods sent up paid duty all tbe same. (Mr. Rankine — ' It is paid by the Government — not iudi vidiwUj.') They did not pay it themselves, but tbe country did. 5Ir*.*A. R. Adbison had much pleasure in endorsing ?what Mr. Landseer, whose speech had. been very mueh to the point, had said. They were not there to advo cate fliiy particular ronte, but the advisability or other wise of constructing a railroad to the liiver. Mr. Landseer had shown most conclusively that if a rail way was made to Mannum or any other port on the River it would not attract the trade, and only prove of benefit to a few Adelaide merchants. (Hear, hear.) If they wished to fight with Victoria they must use something eke than her own weapons. (Kear, hear.) He thought the Government, if they wished to secure the River Trade, should adopt suggestions of Captain Johnson, and take the risk of navi-ating tbe Murray Mouth. He was exceedingly pleased at the able manner in which Mr. Laiidseer Lad handled the subject, and thought they should all strenuously oppose such a great waste of money. (Hear, hear ) Mr. Lanhseee said that it was somewhat singular that the idea of subsidizing a steamer had been mooted. Several years ago when Mr. Dunn was in Parliament he was asked to bring tae matter of subsidizing a steamer before the House, but iJid not do so. Since then, when adversity overtook some of their farmers, they applied to the Government for seed wheat; but, although the justness of the claim was admitted, they were refused assistance, on the ground that it was unconstitutional. He thought it would be equally unconstitutional to subsidize a steamer to carry a JRiveriiia or Darling squatter's produce through the Murray Mouth. (Hear, hear.) The' resolution was carried unanimously. Air. E. J. Hector moved — 'That the following circular be printed, signed hy the Chairman of this meeting, and forwarded to every member of Parliament and all Chairmen of District Councils in the colony .- — ' ? Sir — Your attention is respectfully called to the following resolution, passed at a public meeting held at Stra.tha.lbyn ou 11th August, on the subject of the Murray trade. (Here follow the resolution.) If your views accord with tbo.5e enumerated therein, your earnest opposition is solicited to any scheme which may be brought before Parliament to provide for such a wasteful expenditure of public money, for the follow ? ing re.-isnns : — '* 1. Because the Darling trade, now in oar hands, and not, exceeding 12,000 batas of wool per annum, is insufficient to pay the working expenses of such rail way. EFFECTIVE OHSGI ' ? 2. Because the Murrumbidgee trade, now entirely in the hands of Melbourne, is done at such a cheap ivte that it will be impossible without great Ios9 to ourselves, fo divert it to Adelaide. ''3. Because the urgent requirements of the newly settled farming areas demand instant attention, and will absorb all the available labour that can be spared from our usual occupations. ' ' 4. Because the development of our own country, occuped by a population paying its taxes to South Australia, is far more necessary, and must be more reproductive than to lay out thenioney in the specula tion of becoming the carriers of New South Wales.' ' All the speeches that had been made were somewhat similar to the circular, and he thought it would be superfluous for him to say anything further in the matter. Mr. R. Allen seconded, aud Mr. J. Raukise sup ported, the motion. The Chaieman mentioned that as the members for the District were present, the meeting might be pleased to hear them speak relative to the question at issue.' Mr. W. A. E. West-Eksrine, M.P., did not come with the intention of speaking, but for information more especially, as he was unable to attend the meet ing recently held at the Meadows. He had read the report of that meeting, and as it went into figures very fully, it would require careful perusal and cheeking. At the meeting at White's Rooms — when it was said be threw down the apple of discord — he told Mr. Charnoek that nothing was so fallacious as statistics. (Hear, hear). He thoroughly agreed with what Mr. Hankine had said when be stated Mr. Charnoek's figures were over estimated when he averaged the clip at 6| lbs. per sheep, more especially when several of the iarge stations on the Darling which formerly sent tbeir wool down the river in the grease now washed it, which made very material difference in the weight. (Hear, hear). Nothing had been said relntive to any alternative route, which he supposed was owing to one not having been mentioned. He thought some engineers ought to be appointed as a Commission to report upon the relative advantages of opening up the Murray Mouth or the making of a canal from Goolwa to Port Victor. There was no doubt but that the Chief Secretary was interested in a railway to Mannum, because it was in his district. In speaking of Mr. Myth1 and his interest in Mannum, he mentioned that that gentleman had got a s-ratoh pack together, and he hoped they would hunt well. So long as they worked well and endeavored to bring measures forward for the benefit of tbe colony they should receive his support ; but he should warn them to be cautious in bringing forward the scheme of a railway to Mannum. (Hear^ hear). He did not believe the project would be carried out, for the numerous settlers in the Northern Areas and other places would not quietly submit to the ex penditure of such a vast sum of money on a railway to run parallel with a jrood macadamized road, while they were almost cut off from the world for the want of passable roads and good seaports. (Hear, hear). He thought the last Ministry had done well in obtaining a settlement of the Murray Duties for the moderate sum of £13,000 per annum, and thus secure to South Australia, free ports along the river. If the trade leaving this colony amounted to £14,000, we should gain £1,000, and if £12,000, a loss would be sustained to the colony of a similar amount. If the interests of the Jlurray Trade were carefully watched he thought this colony would be glad if the contract could he re newed on the same terms. (Hear, bear). He thought a proper enquiry should be made i-y competent engi neers as to the practibility of opening up the Murray Mouth for navigation in all weathers. A canal he considered would be the most feasible of the two routes, but why not have them both ? He had never been through the Murray Mouth, and consequently was quite prepared to give way to those better able to form an opinion. He should support a motion in the House for a grant to enable an investigation to be made relative to the two routes — the Murray Mouth and Victor Harbor. If a canal was made from Goolwa, to Victor Harbor, and a breakwater constructed from Granite Island, it would make a most excellent harbor. (Hear, hear). He bad spoken to the Government relative to procuring convict labor, but he found the number of prisoners was happily so small that they would not pay so well as free labor, when the expense of their removal and surveillance was taken into con sideration. He heartily supported the resolution. (Applause). Mr. J. G. Rams at, M.P., was very pleased with the resolution, and also the arguments broug-ht forward by the various speakers. Some three years ao-o a Com mission was appointed to make enquiries relative to the Murray Trade, and took a great deal of evidence on the subject. He had taken some ameunt of trouble in reading the report of their proceedings, and had ar rived at the conclusion that it would be very unwise to expend £4(10,000 on such a work. (Hear, hear.) That was the lowest estimate, w?iich he considered far too little, for the price of iron was too high for the line to be constructed for anything like that amount. (Hear, hear.) He then referred to the evidence taken before the S . lect Committee, at which period Mr. Cbarnock appeared a staunch supporter of the Port Victor route. On speaking of that port, that gentle man said in his evidence — ' Vi--*nr Harbor was the port the wool ought to come. £~ id uot go against his own conscience.' At present it was apparent to them all that his conscience was so elastic that be ad vocated the Port Adelaide route at any price. (Laughter.) If the attraction of the wool to Mel bourne was so great, he did not believe anything South Australia did would divert the trade through htr terri tory. The whole of tiie evidence went to show that the facilities were sufficient for the trade, rut the chief thing was to get it to do. It was stated that the wool and other produce could be conveyed along the line for 21s. per ton. He could not see that would be any benefit, for at present tbe carriers conveyed it along the road for £1, which was one shilling Jess. (Hear, hear.) The only advantage would be a trifling saving of tiine- Mr. Orozier had said that wool went to Melbourne for financial reasons, which he thought were very good ones. He was confident if they did nuke a railway it would not attract the trade to South Australia. (Hear, hear.) If this colony went to the expense of making such a line, and taxed tbe popula tion heavily for such a worthless undertaking to en deavour to get the Murray Trade, what was to hinder the Victorian Government doing a similar thing to re turn it? (Hear, hear.) After alluding to the evidence of several gentlemen taken before the Select Com mittee which bore on the question at issue, he men tioned Mr. Acraman said, when examined, that the wool of the Upper Rivers principally belonged to Mel bourne merchants, and consequently it was conveyed to that port for shipment. He (Mr. Ramsay) was exceedingly pleased s-t the very sta esmanlike manner in which the matter had been g»ne into, instead of each party advocating a particular route for the plun der, as it were, to p.iss hy tboir own door. (Laughter). The proposed line would cost the colony at the very lowest estimate £400,000, which would bear interest at the rate of about £20,000 per annum. If the Govern ment Was determined to have the Riverina trade let them pay a bonus of £5,000 a year to the carriers on the road, or even £10,00i-. They would then have a clear saving of £10,-10», instead of squandering the public money on a useless line of railway that would be working at a loss every day in the year. (Hear, hear), lie did not consider it would be ri-rht to the colon v to expend money on lines of railroads that wouli never pay. (Hear, hear) He should, however, be in favor of encoui aging private enterprise for such a puipos-, gnwt land along the line, and also, under Ct-rtaiu conditions, give a bonus of say 4 per cent. (Hear, hear). He was in favor of a railway across the continent to Port Darwin, as he thought by making one of that length it would lead at no distant period to the present short lines becoming remunerative. It was impossible in short distances for a railway to com pete with macadamized roads. TIipv could not do it in England, and had also signally failed in this colony, for farmers always bad. their own drays or waggons, which they used on the roads at certain seasons of the year. ( Hear, hear). It bphoved them all to watch their interests carefully, for the nation.-)] debt would accumulate iast enough. If the Adelaide merchants would advocate the making of jrood macadamized roads the colony would be benefited to a far greater extent: for he considered it a very short-sighted polic-v to borrow money on works that would never prove remunerative. (Hear, hear). The advocates of the line were to his ide:i like a flock of sheep — where one went the others were sure to follow, no matter what danger they were rushing to. (Hear, hi?ar). He was exceedingly pleased at the unanimity of the views expressed by those «ientl-*men present, and he thought it a very judicious course to send cir.-ulars, as proposed, to the various districts through out the colony. (Hpar. hear). Mr. West-Ekseine, iu answer to a question by Mr. $*?*??? k Rankine, said that formerly this colony collected duties to the amount of about £13,000 per annum at her various inland ports for the New South Wales Govern ment. To save the expense and other matters connect ed with collecting, this colony had agreed to give New South Wales that amount per annum for the 'privilege of allowing South Australian goods to enter her terri tory fre* of duty. If the amount passing through was above or below that sum, either one colony or the other would be the lo$er. (Hear, hear) Mr. A. F. Lixdsay, J.P., would inform the meeting how much money had been expended upon Victor Har^ bor for the purpose of improving it and making it safe and suitable for shipping. 'J he only amount that could be fairly stated to have been spent on the safety of the harbor was a trifle for the moorings which haol been laid down. The sum of £5,600 had been badly spent in erecting a jetty which ended in. about five aud a half feet of water; and more recently £ 10,000 had been expended in extending that structure to Granite Island and the erection of wharves, which, al though a convenience to shipping, did not add in the least to the safety of the harbor. When Mr. Charnoek was examined before the Select Committee he gave his evidence strongly in favor of Port Victor. He had now altered his views, aud considered she was fit only for small vessels. He (Mr. Lindsay) would shew that the port was quite as safe for vessels of 1,000 tons as 100 tons register, the only difference being that vessels of the larger tonnage would have to lie further out. The latter, however, would not be perfectly safe during a south-east gale unless a breakwater was projected from Granite Island to protect them from the swells. If a breakwater was constructed the harbor would be commodious and tave sufficient depth of water to float large vessels in perfect safety during any weather. (Applause). The sum required for such 'a purpose would be very trifling. When Mr. Mais was ex amined before the Select Committee, and questioned relative to the cost of improving Victor Harbor, he said a breakwater could be constructed for £7,000 j subsequently, however, he said £10,000 would be re quired for the same purpose. Even tbe larger sum was but a trifle when it was taken into consideration that by that means it would make the harbor secure for vessels of 1,000 tons. A breakwater 1,000 yards long could he constructed for £50,000, which was a trifling amount compared to the cost of the railway to Mannum, which, if constructed, would neyer attract tbe Murray Traffic to the colony. (Hear, hear). Mr. Dunn was reported to have said iu the Legislative Council that he would not vote for the railway unless the expenditure of money was stopped at Victor Har bor, which shewed very plainly that that Port was a dangerous rival to the railway. (Cheers). He (Mr. Lindsay) thought it perfectly legitimate for the Ade laide merchants to endeavor to attract the traffic through their own town, but they ought not to burden the colony to do it, and objected most strongly to every inhabitant of the colony being- taxed for such a work. It was true the people did not ieel it because they were taxed in an indirect manner ; but if they were asked for it individually he thought it would be the last of works of that description. (Hear, hear). The RiveriHa trade was worth fighting for, aud he be lieved it could eventually be procured for a trifling cost. If a few thousands were expended on the con struction of a breakwater at Port Victor for a distance of 1,000 yards, the Great Eastern coula lie comfort ably iu five fathoms of water, and be perfectly secure in any weather. (Applause). When once the three fathom line was reached, for every 100 yards the breakwater would be projected a depth of one fathom would be gained, so that for a very trifling cast Port Victor could be made into a most excellent harbor — in fact better than either Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney. (Hear, hear). The late Government, wlien they took office, promised to improve Victor Harbor, but had done nothing whatever in the matter other than carry out what their predecessors had commenced. The President of the Marine Board was iu favour of a breakwater being constructed, and he, as well as the Board, was in favour of prison labour being employed for that purpose. (Cheers). The resolution was carried unanimously. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and the Pres*. closed the proceedings. 