'Mtnj, Original and JfteUftaflL SEPULTU8 IN UMBKIB. fFrom the Brisbane Tetearavk. 1 [The following is to my fancy an exquisite bit of descriptive writing. It is by an Australian poet named Kowe, ana worthy I think of a place in your columns. It may arise from my want of taste! but I prefer it to many a more pretentious English poem. Most of your readers nave never met with these lines, so I make no apology for troubling you with them.—Yours, Ac., If. Babtlet.i Flowers float upon the creek like virgin snow, The glass-green creek that creeps in natseleu course. Save by the spiry arrow-grass unstemmed, Around the gully's foot where sleeps the dead. Her sombre tresses qo the farther tank The swamp-oak droops; frOui Mo&som; golden bright The wattle sighs sweet odour; and unheard The gum-tree showers its giitrring manna down. With crimson fruit and alabaster bloomB Wild raspb'rries clothe the bank; serried in front A phalanx firm of green and tawny reeds Uplift their pennoned spears. Throughout the day An eene hush hangs o'er that sonny stream, . For months roll on and no man passeth by. It sings no song, but to a chorus low Of insect-murmurs glides upon its way. Perchance a little string of silver bells Gomes up and bursts; there is a of fins— A sprinkling splash—then all again is still. Or now and then three little liquid notes Are thrice repeated, and the songster stops; Or the harsh cackle of the buBhman's clock. Or Btream of burnished parrots flying o'er; Startles the silence—but again it bleeps; And through it, ghost-like, the fcinffijuw darts Hither and thither, beautiful and curst, And eerie is the wak'ning of the stream. At dusk the shy, weird watermole rolls forth For uncouth gambols 'neath the bright'ning moon; And through the long night hours, or bright or black, Tall, spectral cranes croak hoarsely to their mates; The bittern booms; and with despairing wail. Doleful as spirits lost for evermore. The curlew curds the blood; whilst down the gloom Of the dark gully comes a sobbing moan— The night wind crooning its mysterious woe. The filtered gold that specks the twilight shade Which fills the gully on the brightest day, A crystal shade, 'olent of damp and death, Ages of vegetation passed away— Hath rarely fallen on the face of man; And when the Southern Cross* solemn light Streamed from the sky, no human foot methinks *" ■ ' ' 'intha * * Was ever planted in that darksome cleft. Choked with bush verdure. At the streaming mouth Tea-trees shoot rankly from a swamp, and The wicked big brown snakes coil round the poles, : And guard the entrance with their hooded heads, .Lissome and loathey. The deaf adder, eke, Stupid and stunted, but as dire as dull. Lies loglike on the moist and mouldering soil. With festering fangs whose touch is certain death. The bulla-bulla haunts that lonely shade. And perched on tme-stump, spreads its glossy tail. As lyre for breezeto play on, but no breeze Stirs the curvid plumes, and weary of the hush. The pheasant tempts a song from songsters mute By artful call, then mockB them dumb again. And a drear silence ouce mote reigns around. The iguana, with its old. old eye, Which one might swear had seen ere man waa bom, The iguana, seemingly bowed down By burden of a life without an end. The wasted iguana haunts the shade, And makes it weirder with his weary gaze. The sassafras breathes perfume from its bark; The blackwood soars to catch the distant light; The beech that fadeth not spreads wide its boughs. And o'er a dewy carpet richly green Luxuriant fem-trees bend their feathery fronds, The living batten on the trampled dead. A waste of weeds has almost blotted out The fenced-in spot where lies the human dead. Creepers and scrub have surged up round the rails— The rough grey rails that mark the sepulchre. Who lies there buriedt " B. Y. '99." I read the inscription on a crumbling slab, Lichened and mossed, and slimed, and faintly giili With a chance sprinkle on the filtered gold. From which a lizard glided as I read. And what the story of the epitaph! 1 know not. We must wait for Israel. His trump shall ring within the gully's gloom. But till the dead arise to meet their God, "B. Y." is blotted from the rolls of men. In the hushed gully by the silent stream He sleeps obscure. Ere many years have passed His tomb will be entombed*—and if it bet The little fame that gives some score of years Of posthumous existence to a mau ls that worth mnch! And e'en the brightest fame Must one day fade—as well, then, sood as late! And for the common herd, who reads the stones W ith which they strive to dam out Lethe's floodf Deep in the southern bush, or in the sea That in a second severs man from men. Sleep is as sweet as 'neath cathedral flags. *Data sunt ipsis auooue fata, sepulchrig. — Ju renal X, v, 14ti. 