THE MERCURY. SA THUDA Y MORNING, PEP,. S, 1871 The conduct of the men, or at least of several of them, who have just arrived in this Colony under engagement with the contractors of the Main Line Railway, is not of a character that is calculated to prove profitable to their employers, or advantageous to the Colony. We offer no opinion on the muscular capabilities of the men. We do not pretend to that perfect familiarity with the physical appearance of those accustomed to the use of the pick and shovel with which some seem to be gifted and which enables them at a glance while men are debarking from a long sea voyage, during which the horny hands " have got time to soften a little, to distinguish between the skilled navvies and the rude agricultural labourer. We think we may take it for granted that the contractors know their business, and that, being on the spot, and having the over-peopled districts of England to select from, they are likely to send out men of thow and sinew capable of performing a fair day's work, and in the respect differing from much of the available local labour. The physique-that is the favourite expression of the men may be safely left to the contractors. But there are some very important questions behind and beyond that. Does the law sufficiently hold the scales between the working men and their employers Î And are the men of that moral stamp that is calculated to make them desirable colonists ? What the Colony is chiefly interested in, is that the law be respected that the employers be obliged to avoid tyranny, oppression, and injustice, in dealing with the employees that the working men be compelled to carry out any engagement deliberately entered on, and to serve their employers faithfully and honestly that precautions be taken for at once checking any tendency to rowdyism ; against the importation of any demoralizing influences and against other unhealthy influences at work among us being allowed to injuriously affect the newly-imported blood. We are not afraid of our motives being misapprehended by those whose opinions are worth studying for though there have been in connection with the labour question, attempts to mis- represent our conduct and misinterpret our language, going even the length of mis- quoting us, we have been the advocates of the rights of the labouring classes when those who now seek to make demigods of them took less interest in them ; when, in fact, the working classes were not quite so much the fashion as at present. But we are not inclined to rush to extremes because it happens to be in keeping with the spirit of the times. We cheerfully admit the dignity of labor, for by it we earn our daily bread ; but its dignity cannot be maintained should its claims to respect cease to be based on justice. Yet that is the present tendency. The labourer is everything; the employer not deserving of consideration. This was lately exemplified in the attempt at coercing the contractors, which, under the more pretentious name of a strike," put a stop to the railway operations in the Domain. The workmen and their employers commenced their connection on equal terms. The one said hero is certain work to be done, for which we are prepared to pay at a certain cases. "The other said we will accept of that rate and they commenced work accordingly ; aye, and we believe would have continued at it but for the interference of Home of the champions of the working man, who determined that the wages were not adequate, and, disregarding capabilities, would have all paid equally. Because the contractors would not bond to an injustice dictated by persons who were not interested, they were subjected to all manner of abuse, and the violent conduct of those who would not allow men willing to work to do so, was permitted to pass unpunished by the police authorities, though there ought to have been no difficulty in sheeting home the offence to the instigators of a passive violence that was more effective than open resistance. It may, perhaps, have been argued that it was more prudent to have allowed the matter to pass into oblivion, the knowledge of having committed an offence remaining unpunished being likely to deter from further transgressions. We have faith in no such temporising. The impropriety of the conduct of those who had coerced the workmen Blionld have been made evident even if punishment could not follow, for thus a misapprehension of circumstances tolling unfavourably on the contractors would have been exposed, and justice been done to all parties by an exposition of the truth. The impunity extended to the offenders on the occasion to which we have referred, would appear to have encouraged a repetition of something like the same line of conduct on the other side of the Colony. The contractors have imported a number of men at a considerable present outlay, relying, of course, partly on their agreement with the men being such as they could enforce, and partly on the good faith of those for whom they made the , requisite advances. Yet no sooner do they land on Tasmanian soil than thonnvviesare encouraged to repudiate their agreement, and led to believe that, the contractors have grossly over-reached them, when something like the Hobart Town scene of violence is re-enacted. Men are prevented from working when willing to do so and our local champions of the labouring men are doing their best to convert the new arrivals into disaffected and turbulent colonists, who, commencing by breaking the law and violating their engagement,arebuttoolikely,8houldopportunity offer, to go to any length. The police have again been held in terror over the heads of the offenders whose offences are first winked at and then, when they go to extremes and require to be brought before the Courts, there is a patched up truce. The offenders are discharged on a promise to resume their' work ; a promise not likely to be more binding than their violated written agreement. We know not of course the influences which led to the navvies apprehended being yesterday discharged, and we should rejoice at so pleasant a termination of an unpleasant proceeding had we any confidence in the lesson taught, or any hope that a repetition is unlikely. We fear the contrary however, though, if the contractors acted on their own sense of what was expedient, they were probably actuated in some degree by the former quiescence of the police. In such a matter there should have either been more forbearance in the first instance ; or, if arrests were found absolutely necessary, the prosecution should have been pressed, at any rate, the length of letting the offenders know that they were liable to punishment, or the contractors that they had no hold over the workmen under their contract with them. We are incompetent to form an opinion on the validity of that contract, but assuming it to have been a legally binding document in the country where signed, there would appear to be something needing remedy in a state of the law that tolerates a document obligatory in one part of the British dominions being of no avail in another. In the attitude taken up by the navvies, there is little room for sympathy with them. They have steady employment, for a definite period of considerable extent andatwagesthat are equal to those paid unskilled labour in Tasmania, and certainly very considerably in excess of what they could have earned at home, which they left of their own free will and it would indicate a very low state of morality were they now to seek to break through their engagement because they have to reimburse the contractors the money advanced on their behalf, and but for which they would have had to remain where they were toiling for a pittance that a pauper would turn up his nose at here. Let it not be understood for a moment that we would place 6s. a day as the limit to which a pick and shovel man should be confined. We know that while many among them are not worth the half of that figure, others would be cheaper at double the amount. Those in Tasmania requiring labour generally first fix a rate, and after experience of the workman's capabilities, put the, proper value on his services. If the workman be not worth the rate fixed, he has to submit to a reduction or seek employment elsewhere, a contingency the imported navvies are not subjected to. On the other hand, the local employer of labour is wise enough, if he finds it pays himself better, to increase his workman's pay, and we can hardly believe that the railway contractors will be so unwise as not to hold out some encouragement to capable workmen ; indeed, we have reason to believe that though the agreement between the contractors and the navvies fixes a minimum of 5s. a day, the contractors contemplate " payment by results," so as to give proper encouragement to willing and industrious men. " The Christian Witness." We have received the number of the Christian Witness published this morning. The leading article is upon the conflict now going on between the Church and the State in different European countries. The persecution of the Roman Catholics in Germany at the present time is specially alluded to. There is a sub-leader on the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, and in which the great progress of Methodism is spoken of, while the Wesleyan Church is complimented upon the provision made for the support of the clergy during their ministry, and when incapacitated for duty by old age or bodily infirmity, and for the education of the young. Under the heading, " The Tasmanian Pulpit," is a sermon preached by the Rev Charles Price in the Tamar-street Church, Launceston, on Nov. 9th, 1872, from the text, "For unto you a child is born this day in the City of David, a Saviour which is Christ the Lord," Luke ii, 2. In the "Notes" there is some well selected matter. There is an extract from His Excellency the Governor's speech delivered at the last annual meeting of the Benevolent Society, in which care and discretion is recommended to those who give the relief. The death of the Hon. and Rev. Baptist Noel, M.A., is also touched upon in a short article. The Victorian correspondent alludes to the " spiritual loss" that both children and teachers will suffer under the new Education Act there, and gives an extract from a speech made by the Bishop of Melbourne on the subject. There is plenty of good matter under the "British and Foreign heading, and the number of the Christian Witness taken altogether is a good one. " Walch's Literary Intelligencer. The February number of this interesting little periodical contains some extracts from the Literary World, review ing Mr. Stanley's hook of the season, " How I found Livingstone" When copies of this work arrive in Tasmania, there will probably be a large demand for them. The Intelligencer contains announcements of a large number of works on sale at Walch's. A ConnECTION. We omitted to state yesterday that in a local of the previous day, as to the escape from fire of Mr. Edwards' shop, our reporter was in error in saying that the flame or smoke was caused by " a lot of matches igniting under the counter." This might infer carelessness or even worse. The accident was caused by the great boat of the sun acting on some cigar lights placed in the window, and shows the great danger of having anything of an inflammable nature exposed to the sun's rays behind plate glass. Leave or Absence. It will be seen from the proceedings of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference that the Rev. Samuel Ironside who laboured with so much acceptance in Hobart Town, and who is at present stationed at Longford, is about to visit England, for which purpose the Conference has given the reverend gentleman the necessary leave of absence. REPORTED Case on " Stiokino urges man made his appearance in the township of Jerusalem on Sunday morning in a state of semi nudity, and reported that about 9 o'clock on Saturday night, while on his way from Oatlands to Jerusalem, and being within a mile of the last mentioned place, three men stuck him up, robbed him of £2 odd, stripped and gagged him they then tied his hands behind him and fastened him to a tree, from which position he did not succeed in freeing himself till early on Sunday morning. Although he gives the details of the reported occurrence with every appearance of truth, yet his story must be received with great caution, as the man's antecedents are not of the best. However, the affair has given our police force, which, by the way, consists of a " rural " and a sub-inspector, something to think about. The Colliers' Strike. We have been favoured by Mr Lovett, manager of the T.S.N. Co. with a copy of a private telegram which he received yesterday from Messrs. Willis, Lloyd, and Co., the Company's Sydney agents, and in which they state : " The colliers' strike has terminated. All the Newcastle colliers return to work next Monday. This will soon lead to a reduction in the price of coals. The AttemPted Muitnsu in Chalmers' Church. Napoleon Franks was brought up at the Police Court yesterday, but the police not being prepared to go on with the case, he was further remanded till Tuesday next. Court of Revision Court of Revision is to be held at the Police Office, Fingal, on Wednesday, the 19th instant, to revise the list, of electors for that district. 1 Theatre Royal There was a very large attendance at the time the last evening. Sarah was placed on the stage for the first time during the season, Miss Evans sustaining the role of the " Prince of Denmark." There was a considerable amount of curiosity evinced to see her in this character. She has hitherto since she has been here played characters which were well suited to her particular style, and she has acquitted herself excellently well ; but in essaying the part of the young Dane she entirely departed from what might very properly be called her proper sphere. In going to see Hamlet we naturally expect to behold in the young Prince a fine, manly,' vigorous form-every inch, in fact, a Prince. Nothing of this is to be seen with Miss Evans. She is short in stature even for a woman in male dress she looks still less. Her voice is a woman's, and by no stretch of imagination does she look like a Prince, or, at all events, like what the Prince of Denmark is always believed to be. We take no exception to Miss Evans' reading of the part; it was excellent. She has bestowed upon it a vast amount of study, and has mastered it in a manner which cannot but be corn mended. When we have said that " we have expressed nil in her favour which we can. To our mind a woman not of the masculine type essaying to play the Prince of Denmark adopts a role for which she is totally unfit. She does not and cannot look the part. Her appearance and her voice are against her, and this is more especially observable to those who have seen Miss Evans in such characters as "Olive Garth," Lady Isabel Vane," and "Leah." That her elocution was good, and her delivery of some of those fine passages which have made Shakespeare famous unexceptionable, does not say that the young Dane is a part suited for Miss Evans, or one which she does wise in attempting to sustain. Some of her soliloquies were delivered with that force and effectiveness which she appears to have especially studied ; but in the ghost scene she appeared at a disadvantage. She was unmistakably tame. There was not that fire, that intensity of surprise and horror in her rendering which playgoers have been accustomed to expect. She was much better in the third act, where the players represent a scene which strikes the king and queen with horror ; but in the graveyard and the concluding scene her appearance was strikingly against her. Standing by the side of Horatio or Laertes, or even the Queen, she looked a mere lad, anything but Hamlet.' Why Miss Evans essays such a character is utmost inexpli- cable She may think she can sustain it. To our minds she loses ground as an actress of much ability in attempting what in her case would be " more honoured in the breach than the observance." The part of the king and queen were assigned to Mr. and Mrs. West respectively, and they were both very good. As the " Ghost of Hamlet's Father," Mr. Holloway could not have been more ghost-like, and that is saying a good deal. Miss Norman sustained the role of " Ophelia " very well ; the mad scene she appears to have made a part of her own. Mr. Phillips as " Horatio," Mr- Andrews as " Polonius," and Mr. Russell as "Laertes" played their parts very creditably. The play, on the whole, was put upon the stage with considerable care. There was no afterpiece. This evening Leah, the Forsaken is to be presented, with Miss Evans as the outcast. After the first piece Miss Evans will, on behalf of the management, present a handsome cricket bat to Mr. Rosser, captain of the united visitors' team, as a slight recognition of the able manner with which he handled them. The Artful Lodge is the afterpiece. On Monday Boucicault's drama, The Octoroon, is to be played The Bazaar The Rowing Club bazaar was well attended yesterday, and in the evening the hall was crowded to excess. The lady stall-holders all seemed to do a pretty good business on Thursday, but still the stalls were will filled with goods when the public were re-admitted yesterday. In the afternoon there was not much done, but as soon as the gas was at the ladies went to work in real earnest. Any unfortunate man was immediately pounced upon, and if he was fortunate enough to escape the stall-holders, he was bound to fall into the hands of some one who was getting up a raffle for something he did not want, though he willingly paid for it in so good a cause. There were raffles going on all over the place, and no money raised in this way must have been considerable in amount. The post office was conducted in the same manner as on the previous day, and caused no end of fun. The Derwent Trumpeter was also published in the morning, and the second number was as full of good things as the first. At night Hall, Smith, and Nelson's band played a variety of lively dance music in excellent style, and contributed greatly to the pleasure of those present. At about ten o'clock the hall was so packed that it was a difficult task to get round. The gentlemen mustered well, but there were so many energetic young ladies that there was scarcely a victim apiece, and the competition for custom was something tremendous. The ladies at these bazaars have a fashion of hunting in couples, and were consequently in most cases more than a match for the unwary bachelor who ventured into the room alone. Elegant sofa cushions and pretty nick knack of all kinds were carried about in all directions, and fairly forced upon the visitors, who had to purchase and look pleasant. One young lady in the most winning way, and with the most seductive of glances, was going about with her little note-book and pencil, and asking, "Now do let me put you down for a chance for a bride, the said bride being a wax doll that was to be raffled, It was impossible to resist this, and the bride soon went off. There are still a number of good prizes loft, and the bazaar will be opened to-day at six o'clock p.m., when it is expected that the remainder of the goods will be disposed of. There will be a sale by auction at half-past nine o'clock. Supreme Court There was a sitting of the Supreme Court in banco yesterday, when the following cases were disposed of. Hadden v. Crooke and Others was a motion for the dissolution of an injunction, granted some time ago by His Honour the Acting Chief Justice, to restrain the trustees of certain property at Green Ponds from pursuing their purpose of ejecting the occupier. The Court refused to dissolve the injunction. In re Walter Crow's will, a vesting order was granted by consent, and in the case Baptie and Others v. Westbrook, a decree was made by consent in the terms of the proposed minutes. Perjury There was a heavy charge-sheet at the Police Court yesterday, and if the whole of the cases had been heard, the business would not have been disposed of till late at night. There were two perjury cases, Mill v. McGregor, set down for hearing. The parties live at Sandy Bay, and a constant feud has been kept up between them, resulting as usual in several appearances at court. McGregor has a large orchard, and only a few days ago he summoned one of the Hills for cutting down some of his fruit trees, but the case was dismissed, Hill is now charging him on two informations with perjury. There were some twenty witnesses in attendance yesterday, but just before one o'clock, Mr. Tarleton said he did not see how the cases could be heard that day, on he was compelled to attend an inquest on a man at the hospital at three o'clock. Mr. Graves said there were several witnesses present from Glenorchy. Mr. Moriarty observed that he had been waiting for an opportunity to ask for a postponement, as several witnesses had not been subpoenaed. The cases were accordingly adjourned till Friday next. Breach of the Queen's Asylum Act. At the Police Court yesterday Edward McKay, a baker at Green Ponds, was brought upon two informations the first charging him, with having dismissed a girl named Mary Rogers, apprenticed to him as a servant from the Queen's Asylum, before the expiration of her time ; the second for neglecting to provide her with necessary clothing. Before the first case was gone into Mr. Tarleton said the information was not in accordance with the 9th section of the Act, inasmuch as it should have set forth that the girl was dismissed without the consent of the Guardians. The information was therefore dismissed. In the second case, the girl Mary Rogers, Mrs. Horan, the matron of the Asylum, and Dr. Coverdale were examined., The indentures were put in, and then Mr. Graves, who appeared for the defence, took an objection that, as the attesting witness had not been called, there was no proof that the girl had been bound as an apprentice to the defendant. Mr, Tarleton expressed some doubt on the matter, and reserved his decision, no day being fixed for delivering it, though it was understood that it would not be necessary for the defendant to attend. The Late Fire at Hamilton-st a request of the underwriters the coroner, John King, Esq., and a jury of seven, of which Richard Pitt,. Esq., was foreman, held an inquest on the 6th instant, at the residence of Mrs. J. F. Sharland, Hamilton, on the burnt remains of a portion of her promises. After examining the witnesses, and having elicited all the evidence that could be obtained, the jury gave the following verdict, vU.:-" We find that the stable, coach- house, barn, and other out-buildings, part of the premises of Mrs. Sharland, were destroyed by fire on the 16th day of January last; the fire having commenced in the stable loft, but by what means the said fire originated, there is no evidence to show." Mrs. Sharland sustained serious loss, as the stable was the only building, out of those burnt, which was insured. Death prom Apoplexy. An inquest was held at the Royal Exchange Hotel yesterday, before Mr. Tarleton, on the body of a man named Jeremiah Moore. From the evidence it appeared that on Tuesday evening he went to the Black Swan Hotel, Argyle-street, had some drink, and left shortly after 10 o'clock. On going a few yards, he fell backwards, and the landlord, Mr. James Clarke, took him home. The door of deceased's house was looked, and deceased sat down on the footpath, saying he was all right. Mr. Clarke left him there. Between six and seven o'clock the next morning, Constable Jackson found Moore lying on the footpath about two yards from his own house, he appeared to be very ill, and froth was coming from his mouth. A car was obtained, and the man was taken to the hospital, where he died soon after, Dr Bright, who made a post mortem examination, attributed death entirely to natural causes. The man was known to be a heavy drinker. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from apoplexy. A Strange Hunt-On Thursday last, a boy named J. M. Livingston, one of Mr. Cairnduff's pupils, between school hours, went to the Sandy Bay baths to have a swim, and seeing a shag at a short distance off catching fish, went in pursuit. When the shag observed his pursuer, he fluttered over the water a little way and then dived the pursuer also dived, and swimming under water, caught the shag, and brought it to land. The keeper of the baths, Mr. Goddard, on seeing the bag, said he had seen many swimmers, but never knew of one catching a shag before, L ' Medical Attendance, at the Hospital -We have received a complaint to the effect that a female requiring medical attendance called at the hospital on Monday evening last, and again on the mornings of Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, and that on | none of these occasions was there a doctor in attendance. On inquiring at the hospital we learn that Dr. Turnley has had a month's leave of absence, a very questionable proceeding, unless under peculiar circumstances, and then a resident substitute should be procured. At the same time Dr Butler and the other honorary medical officers are regular in their attendance at the hospital, and if the patient in question had inquired at the dispensary she could have ascertained when a medical officer would be in attendance. Narrow Escapees accident that narrowly escaped ending fatally occurred yesterday afternoon, close to the Free School in Upper Macquarie-street. An old man, staggering across the road, brought his head in contact with the wheel of a baker's cart, was knocked down, and the wheel struck or ran over his temple. Fortunately the Rev. Mr. Storie was passing at the moment in his marriage with the Rev. Mr. Long. They bound up his head which was bleeding profusely ; got the old man, who was quite insensible, into the carriage, and drove him down to the hospital. We understand that this old man is an invalid at the Cascades; that he is not only infirm but blind; and that no blame is attached to the young man who was driving the cart. He was going very slow at the time, and the blind man seemed absolutely to stumble or better against his wheel. On inquiry at the hospital, we ascertained that the accident is not likely to be fatal, _ Broad Marsh Road District. From an advertisement which appears elsewhere, it will be seen that a number of the ratepayers in the road district of Broad Marsh have convened a meeting of the ratepayers, for the purpose, as they state, of inquir- ing into the conduct of the Trustees in levying a rate of one shilling in the pound, they (the Trustees having broken faith with the ratepayers in doubling the rate last year to obtain the Government subsidy, that no rate should be levied this year, and to restrain the Trustees from expending the money without the consent of the majority of the ratepayers at such meeting." The meeting is to be held on Saturday,' the 22nd instant, at 2 p.m., at the Jordan Inn. The Band Subscriptions are to be raised for the purpose of enabling the band to play twice a week, on Saturdays, in the Botanical Gardens, and on Wednesdays in Franklin Square, and we hope the public will be liberal in their contributions. The second public performance of Thomas' band will be this afternoon in the Botanical Gardens. The Quack This well known horse has been sold by his former owner, Mr. Tait, for exportation to India. Religious Service The Rev. Geo. Clarke will conduct the religious service at the Mariners' Chapel to-morrow afternoon. At the " Christians'' Chapel " Collins-street, Mr. Moyse will conduct a service at li a.m and preach in the evening at 6 30 p.m. on the " Humiliation and Exaltation of Christ." At the People's Hall Mr. Walter Douglas will preach at 7 p.m. At St. John's Church, Macquarie-street, at 636 p.m. the Rev. James Scott will deliver the second of a series of Sabbath evening lectures. The subject will be " The marks of a prosperous Church " At St. Paul's Church, Glenorchy, the annual harvest festival will be commemorated, His Lordship Bishop Bromby preaching in the morning, and the Very Rev. Dean Cox in the evening. The offertory on both occasions will be in aid of the deficiency in the parochial funds. Town Hall Croan Recital. The first of a series of popular organ recitals, under the conductorship of Mr. EVA. Packer, will be given in the Town Hall for Monday evening, the 10th instant. The charge on admission will be only sixpence. Philharmonic Society. There will be a rehearsal at the Music Room, Town Hall, this evening, in connection with the above-named society. Fishing in the Derwent On Monday last water bailiff Ashwood found a nee in Cornelian Bay 40 fathoms long. An information is to be laid against the offending parties, and the case comes on for hearing at the Glenorchy sessions, on Monday next, at 11 o'olock. I Good Templarism. The members of the Haste to the Rescue Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Templars will hold a public meeting at the Independent School-room, New Town, on Monday evening at half-past seven o'clock. Lower Derwent Road Trust A meeting of the ratepayers of the Lower Derwent Road Trust is to be held at the Blue Anchor Inn, on Monday next at 2 ' p.m., to take into consideration the propriety of levying a shilling rate for the current year. Meeting on Employers A meeting of employers will be held at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday next, the 12th instant, at 7.30 p.m., to take into consideration the eight hours' question. Passing away The three most eminent journalists America has produced have died within three years Henry J. Raymond, founder of the New York Times; James Gordon Bennett, of the Herald; and Horace Greeley, of the Tribune. Greeley was in- comparably the most original, large-framed, and influential of the three. AU contributed to make the American newspaper, in its best examples, what we see it-a history of the whole world for one day ; but Greeley alone made it a tremendous moral agent. The death of the Tribune editor reminds us, also, how rapidly the most prominent figures of the war for the Union are passing away. Only seven years have I passed since the war ended, yet Lincoln, Stanton, Seward, Greeley, Raymond, Dickinson, Hallock, Thomas, Farragut, Meade, not to mention some Iobs distinguished, have gone. The country is fast moving on to a new epoch, when now leaders will be developed, " Man's Ckiep End. One ron Dean Ramsay. A clergyman resident in this country, while on his pastoral rounds a few days ago, met a tinker lad playing on the bagpipes. He listened with attention to the various airs played, and expressed his admiration of the excellent manner in which the music I had been performed ; but being apprehensive that the performer's musical talent had been cultivated at the expense of knowledge of a more momentous character, he asked him if he know " What is man's chief end P" The musician, after a pause, replied, " I dinna ken, I'm sure ; but if ye'll whistled, I'll play's John O'Groat Journal. Poetry Barber : " No offence, sir, I hope, but has it ever struck you as a bald 'ed is like the better world ?" Customer (ourtly) : " No ! " - Barber ; " Well, sir (I thought of it myself) it's a bright and shiny place, you see, sir, where there's no parting." Maravilla Cocoa. Opinions of the Press: " Those who have not yet tried Maravilla will do well to do so." Morning Post. " It may justly be called the perfection of prepared Cocoa. British Medical Journal Maravilla Cocoa The Globe says, " Taylor Brothers'. Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Homeopathic Cocoa. This original preparation, which has attained such a world- wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. Soluble Chocolate, made in one minute, without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only, by Storekeepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. _________^__ 27ft 