VAN AMOUna , T?E " LION K?go."-I come now to the secret-the very soul, as it were, of the tamer's existence and professional success, which I discovered under the following strange circumstances. On arriv ing at the extremeties of the tiger, anxious to express the peculiar action of clawing natural to all the feline tribe, I essayed to irritate him with the handle of a hoe used for scraping out the dens, trusting that he would strike at it with his pow. It was all in vain, I could not procure the demonstration of talons neces sary for my purpose, although I over and over again tried to bring him to the scratch. In despair I gave it up and eat down and smoked, considering what next to do, when I presently observed that my striped model beauty had prepared himself for a siesta, and in his abandon had thrust out his huge foot beneath the bottom bar, so that it hung listlessly on the out side, in a sort of drooping position. Softly, almost imperceptibly, smoothing it down with one hand-a sensation that evidently gave him pleasure and confl. desce-I with the other tenderly drew open his toes, still continuing the mesmeric movement. He at first half opened his terror-striking eyes, and gazed dozingly but inquiringly at me, as much as to say, " What are you going to do?" I did not, however, desist, but cautiously continued my examination; nor was Ito be satisfied until I had thoroughly ascertained the truth of my suspicions-he had no claws. Theyhad been ex tracted as you would extract the finger nail of a human being, and the toes afterwards cauterized. Upon soruti nizing the feet of the otheer animals I soon made assur ance doubly sure, and incontrovertibly convinced my self that they had all been served alike ; from the lion to the leopards they were clawless. The conclusions I immediately came to within myself at this astounding mutilation where these :-Here is beyond comparison the very handsomest and noblest collection of wild beasts ever seen together, tame, submissive, and tract able as domestic-bred animals, in most superb coat, fat as moles, and apparently as affectimnate and grate ful for kindness as would be the most intelligent and faithful of man's companions; the one great and aso countable reason for this is that in themselves-their courage, their ferocity, and their savage natures they are vanquished, annihilated, utterly undone and demoralised. Plundered of their weapons, offensive and defensive, their very heartstrings torn asunder, their quick sensitive natures crushed oat-cast off the rack, cowed, bleeding, benumbed and incapable to obey the will of their torturer. " Ah," I exclaimed, " poor beautiful pampered creatures, you are not what you seem ; you are no longer lions and tigers, rulers of deserteand jungles ; unhappy, miserable brutes I pity you from my heart; nevertheless, in your low estate you are yet more admirablethan man I" On returning to the hotel, when alone with Van Amburgh I made a point of reciting to him my accidental discovery of his secret " ways and means" of obtaining his surprising supremacy. His embarrassment and confusion were at frst profound and helpless, but to me, in my disgust, really enjoyable. Recovering himself, however, quickly, he rather violently exclaimed, "May I be \--- !" (a national oath) "if you were to tell other folks of this, youngster, you would just ruin the consarn. You artists are too inquisitive. I wonder natur' stands to it, always prying into her bosom secrete. She'll revolutionize some day I guess, and throw you. What could you want with their claws F Why, a tom-cat's would have done you quite as well, I calculate, as my innocents'." A volley of slang followed this repentance of his liberal free admission to his magnificent menagerie. When cooled down, he extracted from me a promise, as "a gentleman and a man of honour," that I would never repent what I had seen to any one, so long as he was performing. I have kept my word. This is the first time I have ever disclosed the exoruoiating process, the refined agony, and despicable cowardice by which Van Amburg made himself a "Lion Kingl"-fGentleman's Mago zine. REMlrnSCENCES OF GInnRLTAc.- The rook of Gib raltar towers abruptly from the narrow isthmus called the neutral ground, which practically connects it with the continent of Spain. The eastern side, or back of the rock, is almost inaccessible; and on the west is the singular cave called St. Michael's Cave, which is said to be 1llOft above the horizon, and was, during the siege of Gibraltar, the abode of many of the natives, who fled there for shelter, as their houses in the town were entirely battered down about their ears by the fearful bombardment they sustained from the French and Spanish fleets. This cave is nowadays often lit up with blue lights and torches for the entertainment of distinguished foreigners, or on the occasion of picnic parties given by some one or other of the rich resi dents on the rock, and a lovely sight does it then be come. A military band is placed in what is called the " first ball" of the cave, while the guests flit about on the short green grass which grows on the plat:an just outside the mouth of the cavern, in evident enjoyment of the view around them. The ladies, many of them young and pretty, dressed perhaps in cool mn?linsand becoming straw hats, look like summer butterflies of every colour. The scene, as we look down wards through the halls of the cavern itself, is like one in fairyland. At the bottom is stationed the band; their figures and those of the ladies and gentle men who stand grouped round them, are rendered so small from the distance, or iather depth, of the care as to be hardly made out; while orerhead, perched on spire- like pinnacles composed of shining stalactites, sit men of the Royal Arlillery, holding high aloft blue lights and red torches. The glare from these is most refulgent, as if belonging to another world. After gazing on this picture for a little space, we turn our selves round, while yet in the dark mouth of St. Michael's Cave, and behold'in a blaze of sunshine the lovely hills which surround the bay of Gibraltar. Its intensely blue waters are dotted all over with vessels, whose snow-like sails and diminished size cause them to look like white sea-gulls, folding in their wings as they settle down on the water. There are on the rock many other caves besides that of.St. Michael, such as Beefsteak Cave, Poro Roooe, and the Monkeys' Cave. During the siege, all these were inhabited, and in that of St. Michael a body of the enemy was concealed for some hours, havring sealed the back of the rock, but was ultimately forced to surrender by a body ofgrena? diers who discovered them. Bgt now all rth hmi caves are fitted up as magexines, orrai sade into reservoirs to add to the supply of water, .wmhitha ,? times becomes rather short on the rook. Thb'num. bhors of petrified bones which abound in the cavitlteso the rock are worth naming among the ouriositisiof Gibraltar. Years ago the perfect skeleton orf man was discovered imbedded in therocksnear Boeis Bay,on the south, and bones of large birds have also been foind, all of them petrifactions. Prom the appearance of ape, of a species not known in Spain, amongst the precipices and in the cares of the rock, it was at one time con' jectured from fabulous traditions that there existed some subterranean communication between Europe and Africa. These rock monkeys, as they are called, existed in considerable numbers when the writer lived at Gibraltar, and used to appear in large droves on the western face of the rock, with their young on their backs in the most approved gipsy fashion. Many as hour has the writer spent in watching them through a glass from the town below. Oflateyears these monkeys hare nearly all disappeared, a circumstance rather to be regretted, as the study of their habits as they leapt about from rook to rock and from bush to bush, feed ing on the palmetto fruit, carrying their babes in t arms the while, furnished an agreeable pastimeforthe military students of natural history daraig the time of their residence in the garrison. With the exception of a few red-legged partridges, woodcocks, teal, and snipe, which may be found in the neighbourhoad, there used to be very little game to be had. Eagles and vultures annually visit the rock on their way to the interior of Spain, and breed in.the ? eag gy parts of the hill; and these, with hawks and kites, are often seen soaring round the summit.-E--Cetera. ON THE BoSPHOBUB.-Numbers of small boats were going the same direction as I up the Bosphorns, filled with sight-seers. One large one, nearly touch. ing mine on the left, was conveying a patty of Turks of the poorer class, dressed in the pioturesque old national costume, now discarded by the rich, accom panying most lustily a couple of musiians, one play ing a Turkish hand-drum and the other an efdsngly minute pipe, not more than six or eight aices in length, from which he managed to extract sodac very full and agreeabhl notes, after the manner of the eele brated Pieco the Blind Minatrel, who astonished London some years ago by his performances on a similar small instrument. Tarkish music, until time has acoustomed the ear to it, is anything but pleasant in general, but on this evening, this Turkish airthus played and sung, in snch a place and on such an ocea. sion, was so in unison with the novel and thoroughly oriental nature of all the numerous objects around, that I really enjoyed it; and I began tocomprthend how it was possible as a Turkiah gentleman bnebleila me that when he was first in Europe he long tcon sidered the musio of his own country superior to ours, until his ears had become accustomed to our system. Turning my head to the right I saw, at a short distance, a caigue carrying two Turkish ladies; but their costume, although on the Turkish model, was so Europeaniaed that I eould carcely believe they were real Turkish women. They had yashmeks (viels) it is true, but so transparent that their features were distinctly visible, 'an Co thinas to hide their face less than many an English ady's veil. On the head they wore jautyprttylittle hbats, strongly resembling the style of thsgcalled "pork pies" in England, and their ferajees, or coleured clonks, generally one hnge shapelessgarment, enrelofr ing the whole figure so as to completely hide it, ere cut into a very tasteful kind of European .mantle, rather long, oertainly, but not very different from the long cloaks once in vogue in London. Ihad nevaer eean two "Turkish girls of the period," and could scarcely believe my own eyes. Behind Iremarkedanothbereaol g with two young gentlemen "' all of the esmdern time," also dressed qite in Paris fashion, baflig the fez, wbo were evidently admiring the ooiupants of the boat. ahead of them; and the ladies, morevrer, to juadge frolp appearances, did not seem altogether disghsted at the admiration they elicited. Ghosts of the Prophet!. I thought, are the dominions of the Oommander oftbh Faithfulnotfreefrom flirtation,anddoEasetribeauti(e delight to display their attractions on the watar of the Bosphorns as English Amazons do their charts on the drire of Rotten Bow I At this spot, in front.of fhe very windows of the Sultan's Palace, lies the Turklish iron-clad fleet, a chain of some nine or ten anormous sea monsters, the sight of which, no doubt, tills the Padishah's heart with so much pride, and gives him such a sense of security that they seldom r neveriquit their anchorage. Hla lajeaty probably thinks them too costly luxuries to let them go kickingabout in the open sea, and has no wish to wake upsome fine morn. log and hear that one or two of theni liae 'one to the bottom with fire hundred ofhis subjecate ero, after the manner of the Captain. As the Bosphores is by no means an unpleasnt station,'and as feeling • oneself under the very, eyes of their august master must be a pleasant sensation, I darswey the oflere ank crews are very much obliged to him. Besides, Turkey is not prepared to spend a half million or more~s r now and then in making experiments in naval .ar?itu tecture. In the gloom of the twilight,' wiohw'wu now falling, these vessels certainly looked 'most im posieg, and great activity was reigning' on bordal thogh. quite of a pacific nature. They were already beginning to prepare to take their part-and it i no unimportant one-in the illuminations "ii honour of the accession of the Sultan. A iosque on' the water's brink was literally cosevered with'lainpj, and now they were commencing to light them. When I looked back after a few minutes, the facadeseemre covered with a yellow sheet of twinkling stars, an# above there was a most beautiful device, "PYashe Padishah" (Long live the' Padishah) in Tarkib?l characters written in light. Every house, every build ing, public or private, every mansion, and every hovel now began to burst out in illuminations. Soon the whole left shore, from the water's edge to an immensq height up the hills behind was one mass of light. Thd villages not being on level ground but climb'i~aup the hill side, the houses stand terrace on terrace one above another and, therefore, the whole mass of the illuminations is visible st onoe. There were little coloured oil lamps, and gas lamps, and Ohinese lan; terns, and ordinary lanterns, filled with candles,'whiclh at a distance formed only long streaks of lights there was the star and crescent, the fSultan's sautogrphand I know not what all, in lights. One asene which par ticularly impressed me as quite unique and charac? - teristic, was a group of Turkish women sitting row upon row on the ground in an open spaoe by the side of the Mosque which I have just mentioned. Their bright-coloured dresses-yellow, blue, and red-and white head.gear, ranged in one mass ofregular lines, presented a most novel and exceedingly beautiful sight.-" A Night on the Bosp?orus," by Dr. Charles Wells. Ag 