.THE SEllGli ANT'S GHOST STORY, j j Eveiiyeoey, or nearly evorybody , young -|r old, loves a ghost 'story. It is not necessary to bt-lievo in its truth to derivo onjoyment from -iV. Tlio moro inexplicable it appears to our ordinary reason, tho greater tho charm thnt.it cxercisosl Incredulity itsolf is pleased by a flight into tho ' l-ogions of the wonderful and tho supernatural, as is ovidont from tlio satisfaction dorived by people of all nges alid nations from fairy tales, ' which nobody accepts for truth. .But tlio fairy tale only appeals to tuo imagination. The gtiost story goes deoper into tho mysterious fountains of human liatui-o, and l.ouchcs on the confines of tho great undiscovered land of spirits, whose secrcts aro not to bo divulged on this sido of tho grave. Hcuco its charm and fascination, ami henoe everybody who reads or hears a ghost story, cxporieuoes a satisfaction, either in bj lieving it implicitly, or in explaining it away by natural oauseB. A few years ago I tiavelled in a British colony in America. Tho govoruor was absent in England on his holiday visit, and the duties of his office wcro performed by tlio chief justice, aided by the primo minister, or secretary of state. I was a frequent guest at Government House, and there became acquainted with in old soldier, oiio Sergeant; Monaghnn, who performed tlio part of orderly or messenger, and sometimes* waited lit table when tho gorern ir had com pany. Tho manners of n colony aro freo and easy, and learning that ;tlio old ; soldier was a thorough bcliover in ghosts, and had ono ghost story which ho was fond of telling, I invited him to my room, treated him to a cigar, and a glass of grog, gave him a seat by tho blazing wood firo, and prevailed upon him to evolvo tho story once, again out of the coils of his niemoi-j-. I ropeat it as lienrly ns I can in his ownjwords : 'You see,' said Sergeant Monaglmii/: ' Tim O'Loghlin was a delicato and wake sort If a boy. Ho had had a lovo affuirin Irolandthat'weighod on his mind. He was a' kind of eousin'of mine, aud served in my regiment as a private. Per haps ho would have rison to be a sergeant if he had lived, hilt, as I said, ho was nofc strong. You .may havo noticed that from tlje gate of &ovcr;»mcnt Houso, whero the sjintry-box stands, you can see into tho burial-fround on tho opposito sidj of tlio road. Not iii cheerful ; situation for Government House. But, how ever, all the best rooms look into tho'gurdon at tho back, and tlio governor need no^sco much, of the burial-ground, excopt whon ho goes in and out. Ono foggy night Tim O'Loghlin was stationed as sentry nt Government Houso; It was full moon at the time, and tlio light upon tho white warm mist that lay liko a-i\imineiiso blanket over the earth, shone weak anil watery liko. It was not a very thick fog, and did not ? hide objects at the distance of a hundred yards, but only revealed thein to make them look larger lliatt they really were. I. was iii the guard-room smoking my pipe, comfortably ns I nin now (either a pipe or cigar, i;'s all tho same to Sergeant Monaghan, if the' baccy's good), whon who sliotld walk in but 'l'ini O'Loghlin, with a face, of such wild, bliink, dismnl torror, as I never saw ^ before or sinco on a human being. Il was fully an hour bofore his timo to bo relieved of duty, uud in leaving his post ho had committed a vory serious oifence. I ordered him bsck to his post, but he sat down by tho firo, and doggedly refused to stir. ' What's tho mutter with you, Tii'n ?' said I. ?' Are you unwell? Aid why did you bomo off duty'? And it's 1 myiolf that will havo to roport yon.' 'You may report j you must roport ; but I will not go bae't again, though I bo shot for it. I liavo scei. him.' 'llim! and who is him P' 'Him! Why, Captain Percival. IIo camo close up to no, and pointed to a man iu tho burial ground-- iligging a gravo next to his own.' The eaptrin had died about a month previously, and Tin, who was very much attached to him— and indeed o'vorybody in tlio regiment was — had grieved very much about his death. Ho had aitod lis the captain's sorvnnt, and had recoivcd many favors at his lmnd, and poor Tim was a p-ateful crater. ' It's all nonsense, Tim,' said I. ' G-o back to your post, aiid in reporting yiti, I'll make the host enso out that I can foi you.' ' Never,' said Tim, ' if I be shot for * il.' As chance nnd luck would liavo il, tho docta- hap pened to drop in at this moment, and harning tlio cii-BUinstancos that lmd induced ','iin to loavo liis post, questioned him fully- on tho subject. But ho ? folt Tim's, pulso first, and tlioi-o camo over his faco an tiprcs sion that I noticed, biit that; Tim d'd not, whichsaid very plainly to mo that ho 'did not liko the beat of it. Tim was confident t iat lio hud scon Capl. Percival, and that tho mptuin pointed. out tho gravo which a man was digging alongside of his own, and had distinctly told him that ho wus to be buried tlioro as smn as tho gravo was quit o ready. ' And you siw'tho man digging the grave?' asked tho coctor. 'Distinctly,' roplicd Tim ; 'and you cm see him too, if you ga immediately.' ' Doyni go, sergeant,' said the doctor to mo, ' and I'll Bit with O'Loghlin till you return. I thine you had bettor detail another sentry in his place. Is thero uny, brandy to bo got? But sta; ; it does not matter. I have a flask. And O'Logh lin, my mail, you must take ti pull at it; it is medicine, you know, and I order it.' Tiii was taking' a pull at the flusk as I went oit. I thought it' possible enough thatj tho pavo digger might be at work, but I did not know what to say about .tiie. captain, excopt to think perhaps,-., that Tiiii hud been dreamin;, und fancied ho saw things that had no existent. I got into'' tho bnriiil ground without dillioiltv— tlio gato was not fastonod— and wont st'aight to tlio grave of Captain Poroivuly , L'here stood tho grave-stone, suroi onougli, ' with '? tho captiiili's name, : ago, and data of death upon it, and a short story beddes, setting forth what a good and bravo folloiv -.ho was, whichi was all ' ? us truo' as: gospol.- , 'But ' there was no gravo-diggor tlioro, nor no open gravo.i as -Tim iliad fiinoied. I went hack and found Tim: arid the; dootor togother, 'Tin not looking quite so wild- and whito as before but bad and ill, all tho same. ' Well ?' inqiirod the, doctor. 'Well!'' I replied. ' I'lore's nothing to bo seen. It's just as I thoight. Poor ' Tim's fancy has cheated him, ui)d its my opinion tho poor boy is not well at all. ; An' what aiii I to do about reporting him ?' 'You m UBfc report him, of course,' eaid the doctor ; 'but I don't think much ? harm will:, coilo to him out. of that.' O'Loghliiij you lmist gcinto tho hospital for a day or two. und I willgivo yoi)i some stuff that will bring you out .gain righ't ns a trivet, aud' you. will seo no more ghosts.' . Tim shook his head, and was .taken quietly to tho hospital, and put tot bed. iThe brnndy had done him good.; .whether. it was all brandy; or- .whether thoro. wasn't -ft 'drop '-.of sleeping stuff in it, -I can't- eay, but, it's very liioly thero was, . for tlio ? doctor' told mo tho longor ho slopt in reason tho bettor it would bo for him. - -And Tim had a long Bleep, but not a very quiet , onp,. for all that same, and tossed about foi* tlio matter of a dozon hours or so. But ho never got out of bod again. When I ttw him at. noon tho noxt day ho was wido Mrako, and vej-y feverish ond excitable. ' How ore you Tim, my poor follow ?' said I, taking his hand, which wns vory hot and moiBt. 'I've seen him again,' ho roplicd. ' I see him now. Ho is silting atthe foot of tho bed, and pointing to tho graveyard. - I know what lie means.' 'Tim, its .-a crazy, that ye aro,'. said I. Ho shook-; his head . mornfully. ' Mona ghan,' ho sighed^ rather than 'Baid, !',yo'vo boon a kind friend to mo. Q-ivo, that to tho little girl in Ireland — you know.' And ho drew a photographic portrait of bimsolf from under his pillow, tied round with a blue ribbon, from which dopondod a erookod sixponco with a hole in it. '' In a few days ye'll be laying mo in tho ground alongaido of tho captain. Do yo sco him now P ho is leuving tho room, smiling upon me, and still pointing to tho graveyard. I am no longor afraid of liimi He meuns mo no harm, and it is noblamo to' him if ho is scut to toll mo to get ready.' ' Thn, you are cheat ing yourself. What you're tolling me is ali a wokiig drame. I can seo no ghost.' ' Of courso you can't,' said Tim, 'the spirits nover appear to, two persons at onco. But, Patrick Monaghnn,' ho added, 'lot us talk no moro on the subject, but send Father Riloy to me, that I may unburden fne sowl, and dio in peace.' It would hiivo beon oruol in mo to liavo argued the mattor with the poor afflicted creature, and him such a frioud of my own too, so I.left him to go in search of tho doctor first, and of Father Riloy afterwards. Thoy both came. What passed between Tim and tho holy father, of courso I never knew j but the doctor told me distinctly that Tim was 'in a vory bad way. The stomach was wrong, the nerves woro Wrong, tho brain was wrong ; in fact, lio was wrong allogothor, and had a fevor which the doctor called by a very grand and high- sounding namo, which I did not hear very plainly, and which if if did I ain unnble to romember. Tim survived three days after this, sleeping and dozing, and talking in his sloop, and every 'npw and then saying, amid words-whieh I could not well put together into any meaning, ' I am coming, l am coining.''- Just boforo ho died, ho grew woro colloctod, and mado 1110 prbmiso that ho should bo buried in the gravo that had been dug for him by the sido of thocaplain. I know that no such gravo had beeu dug as I10 said, and that it was all a delusion ; but what was tho use of - arguing with a dying man ? So I promised of course, by my honour and my sowl, to do all I could to huvo.his last wish gratified. The doctor promised also, und so did Father Riley, and I think poor Tim died happy. His last words were something about the ribbon and tho crooked sixpence, and the captain, tlio very last syllable being ' I como.' Wo buried tho poor lad in the place ussigned by himself, and I was so affected altogether by the sadness of tho thing, that I could have persuaded myself, in fact I did persuade myself, that I saw Capioin Percival in undross, or fatigue uniform, just as lio hud appeared to poor Tim walking past tho sentry-box beforo tho door of - Government Houso, and stopping every now and then to point at tlio grave; and tho moro I closcd my oyes to avoid seeing him, the more per manently i and clearly ho stood beforo me.' 'And uro you in any doubt on tlio snbjoot now ?' I inquired. 'And indeed I am,' replied tlio Borgeant, shaking the nshos from liis cigar with tho tip of his little finger. 'Tim must have seen tho ghost, and must have be lieved in him, and if I only Baw it aftor Tim's death, it is but another pi-oof of what almost everybody knows, that two people never bhw tho siime ghost nt tho sam'o time. And ghost or 110 ghost, it is quite clear that Tim died of him, and might hare been alivo at this moment ' but for the ghost's extraordinary behaviour. But it's oiio of the questions that all the talk in tho world can't sottlo.' 'Do you think Tim would have secu the ghost of Captain Percival, or anybody elso, if he had, beon sound in wind and limb, if ho had been a slrong hearty man with n good appctito, find' an nndisordered stomach ? ' ' Can't say,' replied tho sergeant, taking a sip of his liquor. ' The doctor thought not j but doctors don't know everything; and if there woro 110 ghosts, why, I should like to ask, should tho spirit of Samuel appear to Saul, and answer his questions ? ' ' Well, sergeant,' Buid I, ' if you lire going to tho Bible for argu ments, I Bhall shut up. Finish your glass, my man, and let us say good night.' He finished his gla's, he said good-night, and walked nway with the ail- of a man who thought lie had tho best of tlio argument. — All the Year Hound. 