ITEMS OF NEWS. Should tbe weather be at ali favourable, tbe Moonlight Festival in ziil of the charities will come off tbis evening, commencing at 5 o'clock. Appearances are at present unfavourable ?3 re- gards weather, tbe rain railing steadily through out the night. Tbe Volunteer Band will, in con sequence of tbe postponement, be able to give their services, which will be a valuable acquisi tion to tbe evening's entertainment. Their new uniform, especially that provided for the drum- major, gives the men a very good appearance. Tbe Borough Band, as has been previously an nounced, will also be present. 3D W. Adams reports the sale of tbe Loddon Grange farm, Newstead, at L8 per acre. 3Ir C. 31'Lean, of Winter's Fiat, whose horse won the trotting race at Wattle Flat on Mon day, has left Li at this office for the hospital. The half-yearly general meeting of tbe Castle-' maine North Devonshire G. 3L Co., will be held tbis evening at the manager's office, Market- square. An addition was made yesterday to the pri soners in the gaol by the arrival of a draft of thirteen from Peutridge. Among them was an American blackfellow. As a proof of tbe healthiness of Castlemaine and the progressive tendencies of its inhabitants, it may be mentioned that the wife of a well- known boniface, in Campbell-street, this week presented her loving spouse with three bouncing boys, ali well and thriving. Such an occurrence in England would have entitled the happy- father to a bonus from the Queen's most gracious 31ajesty. A meeting of "the promoters of tbe Golden Gate G. H. Co., Taradale, was held last night at the Corner hotel, when the prospectus of the' company was approved of, and the greatest con fidence seemed to be held in tbe future prospects of tbe mine, situated as the property is between the Urqubart Estate and Central G. 31. Co. '3, Tbe mine certainly lookB very well) and evidently the same is tbe opinion of the public, as nearly one-half of the shares were applied for before the prospectus was issued. The promoters of tbe company are gentlemen well known in CaBtle maine. Au inquest, was held on Tuesday last at Glen- luce, by the district coroner, Geo. Smyth, Esq., on tbe body of Mrs Janet Thompson, wife of Mr Wm. Thompson, a resident in that locality, who had been killed oh tbe previous day by the up setting of a spring cart which she was driving 00 a bush road in that neighbourhood. It ap peared from the evidence adduced that she bad been visiting her daughter, Mrs Hilder, leaviug that person's house about 4 o'clock in the after noon, on her return home ; she was driving the cart alone,, and bad reached cloBe to Mr John Bridge's when tbe accident took place. A little boy named Williams beard some screams; and ran to tbe spot, where he discovered that the cart had been upset by running against a stump ; such had been tbe force of the collision that tbe vehicle was thrown into tbe middle of the read. The body of the cart had evidently fallen on tbe back of tbe deceased. The boy gave the alarm, and assistance being obtained, the cart was raised, aud the body of Mrs Thompson' removed. Dr Geldard, who was subsequently brought to the scene of the occurrence, stated that tbe de ceased must have been suffocated by the pres sure of the cart upon her, as she was lying 011 her face under it. It was very evident that the stump had been the cause of the accident. The horse also fell on its back, feet upward; and was unable to stir till released. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death.. The matter of the pyrites-bnrning nuisance' seems destined to be ever on tbe board at the meetings of the Castlemaine Borough Council, and like a ghost refuses to be quieted. The Central Board Of Health seems to enjoy the op portunity of utilising its cacoethes scribendi on this particular topic, tbe number of letters from that office to the Town-clerk being something astonishing. At the meeting of tbe Council yesterday two letters were read from the Board, desiring fuller information of what was being done by the proprietor, Mr YeatB, to effect im provements, and stating that former correspond ence on the subject was very unsatisfactory. In order to satisfy this clamour for information the Town-clerk obtained a report from Sergeant Acton, aud also one from Mr Yeats, both of wnich he at once forwarded. During the dis cussion which tliCBO letters elicited, it was stated that although tlie proprietor was carrying out all the suggestions of the Central Board, and adopting every known method of preventing the nuisance, that it would be of no avail. At Ben- digo and other places where the most approved scientific apparatus had been used, the noxious fumes still escaped ; and it was contemplated to ask the Government to reserve some isolated spot whero the works could be carried on. Two of tbe Councillors stated that they had, during the rain on Wednesday, tasted wuter off the roof of a house near the works (the furnaces beiug at tho time iu operation), and it was un- drinkable, being strongly impregnated with something which rendered it nauseous. The water iu Albert dam was no better. It was eventually ; decided that Dr Hutchison, the Health Officer, should be requested to visit the works add the locality, and report to the Council at its next meeting. Circulars have been forwarded from tbe Education department, addressed to the mayors of towns and boroughs, tho presidents of shire councils, and the chairmen of district road boards, requesting thorn to act as returning officers or. the occasion of tho forthcoming oleotiou of members of boards of advice, or in tho event of their declining or being unable to comply, to . nominate substitutes to act 011 their behalf. As soon as tho nocossary arrangements are made, the day for the elections, which will take place in batches, will be named. Tho Minister of Education is at present engaged preparing a general and statistical statement of the results of. the operation of the Education Act up to tile- present, and the probable pro vision' requisite to be made in order to secure the thorough efficiency of tho working of the new system. The person named James MaSiti, who xt- j lempftd to commit strickle by throwing him&li; < from tbe parapet of Prions Vbriage Into the Yxrra on Tuesday Isst, says tie Arrtts. proves to be a new arrival in tie colony, baring been a passenger by the s.s. Somersetshire on fcerlsst trip. He is an Eurfisb barrister only 29 yeirs \ of age. At present he remains in. the Alfred i Hospital, baring received some injury to his ankle. By the time be is able to walk he will j most likely have recovered from the effects of his dissipation. j A very sad accident, reports the Maryborough and Duoolly Advertises, occurred about eibt o'clock on Monday night to a party returning home from the sports at Prince's Park. Patrick Cleary, of Carisbrook, who was on horseback, stopped for refreshment at the Flagstaff Reef hotel. His wife was seated in tbe conveyance of a neighbour, in whose company be had beeu during the day. Having re-monnted, and pro ceeded a iittle distance down the road, Mr deary's horse stumbled, and caused him to be precipitated with so much violence to the ground as to occision very serious injuries. Blood was fonod to be oozing front his month and ears, and he had io be taken-to the hospital. To add to the disaster, his wife (the dray being some short distance before tbe horse), on notic ing the event; got out, hot in doiog so she uu- foriunalely broke her leg. Sbe was also taken t-i the hospital. On inquiry oh Tuesday night we learned that the man was in a very precarious state. An hutisaally large pearl, fbititd on the north west coast of Aqstralia, is, tbe Argus reports, to be seen at Messrs Brash and DrammoDd'e, jewellers. Coliins-street west. It i3 pear-shaped, weighs 159 grains, is of a very Sue texture, and has an excellent lustre. Its size is about equal to that of a common acorn, though it is of course different in shape. There are one or two specks on the smaller end, which is ajso scarcely perfect in its outline, but the thick end is superb, and is not marred by by the slightest defect. No fair estimate of i's value can be made here, as there is no Australian market for such gems. But Air H. Emanuel, F.R.G.S., in his book on " Diaiuouds and Precious Stones," mentions only three larger pearls than the one now referred to. These three, wbicb, when tbe book was written, were iu the "Crown Treasury" of France, were valned as far back as 1791— one of 388gr at L8000, and tbe two others, each of which weighed 214gr at Ll'2,000. The pearl of Messrs Brush and Drummond's was found by a pearl expedition fitted out from this port. Its owner, a Alelbouriie merchant, purposes exbibitiog it at the Vienna Exhibi tion, and then testing its value in the London market. On the snbject of wooden railwaya we give tbe following from a number of the Economist to haDd by the last mail : — The wooden railroads in the vicinity of Quebec have attracted some attention. It appears that there are now a hundred miles in operation. The gauge is 4 feet 84 inches. The running time is about 16 miles per hour, but trains have been run at tbe rate cf 35 miles per hour. The rails are made of maple, 4 inches by 7 inches, set up ailgewise, and notched into the cross-ties 4 inches deep, and held by two wedges down in the notch on the outside of the rail. The ties are 8 inches thick, aud laid.20 inches apart. The cars have four wheels, and some of the engines weigh 30 tons. Iu frosty weather the driving wheels have less adhesion than on metal rails, but no con siderable difficulty is experienced from this cause. The rails will last from two to four years, according to the quality of the timber and the amount of the traffic. The cost of such road is from 4000dol. to TOOOdol. per mile. - They seem to be very well adapted for light traffic,, an d as soon as tbe business of such lines may require it, metal rails may be. substituted for : wood without any change in the equipment.' A respectable-looking mail named Richard iTwamley was tried at the criminal 'court on Wednesday, on a charge of attempting to bribe Air J. Barr, the clerk of the police-court at Oakleigh. On tlie 1st of March an order was made against him for payment of 10s weekly to his wife. On the ,0th March, according to the evidence of the chief witness for the prosecu tion, he went to Mr Barr and offered bim (as Burr said) Ll if he would draw up the order wrongly so that lit might .bp quashed on appeal tu the sessions. On the 13th' March he: repeated the offer, increasing thesum to'Lo, but Barr on both occasions declined, and on the last time said he would not take L500 to do it. This' lait expression of his was overheard by the land lord of the Forester's Arms hotel, ' at whose 'place The offer was made! The defence sub stantially was that no offence had been com mitted, as it was .not the duty of the clerk hi 'draw up the order,' and even if it was wrong, nothing would hare been gained by if,, as It coold have been amended. Air Justice Fellows .expressed an opinion that, no' matter what' were ,thc consequences of the order being wrbng, the attempt at bribery .(if it' was ;mad6).' was ::an interference with' the'admipjstration of justice; jwtd as such was punishable';, The jury acquitted the defendant'.'. . ', t / ' . ' : The natives of New Zealand, always re cognised as a: most intelligent race, hare-talten to shearing, at which they have proved them selves expert bands. An Auckland correspondent says : — "Those Waikatos who are' employed on (he railway have been discharged.- Some left of their accord after carving1 their nanies npun ' tho everlasting rocks.'- They have been' blaihed for so doing, and perhaps they deserved censure for practising with the! styipj or knife, when' they were supposed to be handling tlio pick and shovel. The" Alaori'es are capital buslimi-n, and often Leconie good shearers. Shearing especially suits tlie Maori, when liis . wife is allowed to squat by the shearing peii, in order'that she tii'ny", slyly indicate where Pure-Parries (barbellies)' are' to be found when' it is bis turn to catch. tOf course, everybody niust' see how' much more guiekly a sheep can lie shorn when- the most difficult part to shear— tho' belly— is innocent of wool: . With ..due assistance from his 'better half,' a smart native will clip his 150 sheep'' per day ; in fact, he can earn nearly, or quite as much as his'European mate who has no. wife, at the pen.: I don't think that ' navvying- nine hours a ' day,., tiuder -European survoillauce, - will suit Maories. I should Bay, let thoin work by the' pfece, and be directed1 hy responsible chiefs." ! A South Australian named William Sanders has beeii -to' Victoria- to spy out. the. land, and his opiniotia' are published iii1 tho Mount Gaiiibier Standard. - He reports himself as "very much surprised at tlie oxfraordiiiary facilities for ac quiring land which tiro offered by the Victorian authorities. A trilling Burvey-fco paid, to gether with half a year's rent at 2s per aero per anuum, enables all comers to tako possession of their selected block forthwith. Inspectors fre quently go round to note .improvements ; arid so' long as tbe land ia found ' occupied und im proved' tlie Government appear to he content. Of course, arrears of rent must bo paid up be fore a title-deed is issued ; but inasmuch as tlio rent is itself the purchase .money under the Vic torian system, tho Governincut are under no anxiety to innist upon close, payments ; they know that selectors of fair and superior lands at Ll por acre and ten years credit, are not likely to run away from their bargains. On tho way doivu ho met no fewer than twenty-fivo families from Mount Gambier, with their conveyances and cattle, between this place and Mount Arapiles. Ho says that Vidtoria is quite ready and willing to receive alf tlio immigrant's which South Australia may import, and suggests that all other mtaris having failed, a visit to Horsham by our Cabinet Ministers might con vince them of the desirability of offering in ducements to peoplo to remain in South Aus'- tralia." . A ssd HIasirsricn cf the extreme state of wrrtshivicess; to which men, whose talents are of iiefciriesi order may bs reduced through drink, was rivem as the City Pelice-cwrt on Thursday r-,-.— T-o A ccctor of" the name of M'Cann, says tie y-r— --- Stsr, was brought up owa charge "of threatening the life of his wife, to whom he had. onlv been" married three years. Her evidence showed that out of that time he had only been sober abont two months. Daring tim unfortunate area's stay in Baliarai, he is said to have sunk ex tremely" iow, bring found only in the worai so ciety. In Hil« state he continued until arrested, at which tune his clothes were almost dropping ofi bi-nJ xad bfg mind was considerably affected. This morning he promised to take the pledge at once. In the interests cf suffering humanity, we hope he will do so. A daring robbery was committed on Monday last at the Feniridge Stoekade, by which Warden Owens lost all. On Sunday (says the Argus) Owens placed in his box a puree containing a cheque, aJ few sovereigns, and two £0 notes, and a £1 note. On Monday, on opening the box, he found the parse had been removed from its usual place, and the money taken. The room, or rather a cellar, where the theft took place is situated under the large mess-room, aud is used by the warders for washing purposes, and as a storeroom for clothes and boxes. Some years ago the same place was robbed by a discharged prisoner, who re turned at night and broke opeu several of the war ders' boxes, and succeeded in getting several small sums of money, and also a quantity of clothing. On this occasion the robber is thought to be one of the prisoners employed as a servant about the quarters. The following is the passenger list of the barque Springbok, which left Port Darwin on the 6th January, and the Roper Riveron the 16th January, intending to call at Newcastle, and has not since been heard of : — Cabin. — William Shepherd, John George Macdonald, George Deane, Mrs Deane, Ralph Milner, Thomas Barrett, William Barry, James Barry, John Ashmeade, James Bell, James Johnson, William Marshall, Thomas Bennett, John Birch, Daniel Grant, Jauie3 Jacobs, Daniel Daly, otto -Peters, W. E. Adcock, Thomas Pitman, J. H. Lawrie. Steerage Passengers. — John Haimes, Henry Haimes, George Mellowship, S. Saltareh, George Dodds, James Hogg, J. Lopeze Ilenricksen, Lawrence Savage, Walter Woodard, S. Merriden, James Gillespie, Rudolph Tehner, James Burton, Robert George Michael Guin, James Ryan, Donald M'Kay, David Stutridge, John Allingham, Charles Diueen, Henry Lawrence, Frank Walker, Richard Woodcock, Frederick .fahl, William Honour, Daniel Fielding, Thomas Fielding, Thos. Williams, R. Sefton, Archibald Black, John Turner, Henry Newman, John Dolinman, H. H. Hohran, Thomas Sergeant, Edward Hill, John Ball, W. T. Alert, John Dimon, Frederick Johnson, C. Abrahams, N. Abrahams, Michael Sweeney, T. Brown, John Clarke, John Swein, Joseph Oliph, H. Marshall, J. Teeney, J. Munroe, Rudolph Falkner, and J. Henburry. On Tuesday Mr Casey, Minister of Lands and Agriculture, and Air Skene, Surveyor-General, re sumed their respective duties at the Land office, after having been absent some ten days on a tour through various up-country districts, in connection with which business and pleasure appear to have been blended, although, to do the gentlemen jus tice, it is fair to add that they appear to hare had a good deal more of the former than of tbe latter. The places visited were Wyckliffe, Buckley's Swamp, Hamilton, Belfast, Koroit, Tower-hill Swamp, Varmambool, and Colac, at all of which places applications which otherwise would have involved deputations to town were heard, the total number of cases dispose'd of being close upon 120. Rather an amusing incident occurred at Hamilton. An applicant, in a state oi excitement, appeared before Air Casey, to complain that months ago he had communicated his grievances by letter to the Land office, but had received no reply. Everyone having business to transact at the Land office knows that anything like delay in answering letters addressed to the department is a very sore point indeed with Air Casey, and can imagine the. ex treme annoyance he would betray on hearing this statement. The man, says the Age, was' closely questioned respecting the. letter, and it appeared that very gross neglect had been exhibited some where, until, on being asked how the. letter was addressed, the aggrieved one mentioned, with the "air of a man coming down with a clincher, tlie name of an. ALL, A. of Temple Court. Air Casey's "face was expressive of intense relief as he told the astonished applicant that it served bim right for transacting his business through such a channel. Besides the business detailed elsewhere at Hamil ton, Belfast, and "Warniambool, sites for State schools were selected, and steps taken to have them reserved. \- The old gold fever (says Atticus' in the Leader)' which raged as an epidemic years ago has not died out yet, . and Victorians are as sanguine in their hopes of obtaining the precious metal as in the Jays when diggers were supposed to light tlieir pipes with five-pound notes, and when sardines were thought to be the staple comestible of the mining population. I have just heard a story, of which I do not know whether to admire more the Captain Kidd flavour of the article or the credulity of those who are about to become the heroes of a venture as wild as the poetic brain of a Poe ever imagined. Alany years ago a treasurcsliip, it is stated, foundered somewhere near .the coast of the Argentine Republic .; only two of the crew escaped death hy water to fall into the hands of pirates, and to suffer the horrors ot slavery. One went the way of all flesh, hat the 'other,' after undergoing' numerous hardships, obtained his release. In: stead of making . any attempt to recover the lost treasure he came to Australia, and settled down 03 a shepherd in New. South Wales. Dying, he confided his secret to a fellow shexiherd, who, in his turn, when he was about to shuffle off this mortal coil, revealed his secret to his master, giving him the longitude and latitude oi the place where the treasure was sunk, and other indications which are said to make the locality a matter of certainty. The thought of tons of gold lying at the bottom of the sea, and to be had for tlie trouble of picking up, drove all pastoral pleasure out of the head of the sanguine bucolic, and he has formed a company to go in search of the treasure. A doctor from an up-country town forms one of the party, and the conduct of the expedition has been entrusted to a well-known Melbourne nautical man, who, after a long study of all available charts and plans, has gone up to Sydney to purchase a Ship and to make the final preparations for start ing. They have 110 doubts as to the success of their mission, and that uutold wealth will bo ihe reward of their labours. For my part I only wish they may get it. , After the clever address of Dr Badkam at the Sydney University in favour of the classics, Sir Hercules Robinson made a capital speech on the subject. He said : — "I remember hearing an amusing story once of two men who stumped tlie provinces upon a temperance mission, and whilst one preached, tlie other, who was unfortunately addicted to tlie undue use of stiuiulauts, was nightly exhibited as a shocking example. (Langli- ter.) Now, it occurred to me, on reading the ad mirable orations to which I have referred, that the only possible way in which I could do anything to add forco to those eloquent addresses upon tho value of high classical culture would be by present ing myself beforo you to-day in my triie'character —a shocking example. (Laughter.) But, joking apart, 1 should like to mention that when I was at tlie Royal Military College I received what, in my early days — now nearly thirty years ago— was con sidered to ho tho best possible education to fit a person for the profession of arms. I was tolerably well grounded in the higher branches of mathema tics, in tho modern languages, in history, in fortifi cation, in surveying, and other such like practical acquirements. Glassies, although taught in a per- fimctory way, were regarded as of secondary im portance, and by 110 means essential to tho success of a soldier's life, Tho consequence is that whilst to this day I remember a good deal of my mathema tics, and could describe tlie nice distinctions be tween Vaubin's and Corniontainguo's systems of fortification, I regret to say tiiat my Latin serves me as little more than to decipher a medical pre scription, and my Greek is amongst tlie tilings that were. Perhaps there may be some persons in tlie hall who may think that n system of education which at all events presented 110 absolute bar to a person rising from tlio somewhat humble position of a lieutenant of Fusiliers to one of the highest civil posts in the gift of the Crown must answer tolerably well for all tlie practical purposes of life; hut stiil I can assure you that honestly and sin- cerely I think differently, and that at every step of |(iy Civil career I have felt the disadvantage of an indifferent classical education, and have never ceased to regret it." \ The Emperor of Germany has, we learn, been ' pleased to confer on Air V/. A. Erohe, German j Consul for Victoria, the order of the Red Eagle '. 4th class. Air Brahe received official intimation of j the distinction by the last mail j Air J. B. AVe re, of Alelbourtic, has had conferred j on him the honour of the Danish knighthood, and i the jewel of the Order of Danebrog. He has been consul for the South of New Holland since 1848, and the favour was conferred by order of the reign ing King of Denmark, in recognition of "long and honourable services." Tbe address of the Assembly, in reply to the Governor's Speech, will, it is thought, be moved by Mr R. AInrray Smith, and seconded by Air Alont- gomery, the two new members who have been elected since the House rose, and both of whom belong to the Ministerial party. In the Council the task will devolve upon Sir Francis Alurphyand Mr Sumner, who are also new members, and also friendly io the Government. 