Cjre |likrme trail); E'lHOCA, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1 >, 1*73. The letter of Mr. Hay, M.P., which we publish to-day, re-opens the Murray bridge question in a way which enables us to revert to it with some prospect of helping the matter to a successful issue. For long enough has the game of battledoor and shuttlecock been played by the politicians of Melbourne and Sydney, as from time to time the necessity for the work has been urged upon their attention. Now,itwasthesiteforthe proposed bridge that formed the pretext for a differ- \ ence of opinion between the rival Governments; again, Victoria was willing when New South "Wales was not, and as Ministries changed these relative positions were reversed, and so on ad infinitum. The subject was, however, never altogether lost sight of, and ever and again as it came to the surface all that newspaper advocacy and well-directed official importunity could do was done to fix our Government to a point from which it could not with honor recede. At last, under the Duffy regime, a sufficiently definite promise was extracted from the Department of Railways and Roads; when, under date 2nd June, 1871, the Secretary wrote as follows, in answer to a communication from the Borough Council of Ecliuca, viz.:—" I am directed by the Commissioner of Railways to inform you that as the Government of New South Wales is more interested in the erection of the bridge in question than that of Victoria, it will be left for tliem to take the initiative In the matter, and when t'iey are ready to provide, half the cost of erection, then the Governm-nt of Victoria will provide the other h ilf." Now nothing, as far as Victoria was concerned, could have been more satisfactory than this, seeing that so explicit an undertaking communicated in writing to a public body^must be held to be binding Upon any subsequent Ministry coming into office, and it _ therefore only remained for New South Wales to become similarly pledged. This latter point having been gained, we maintain that MA Francis has no option but to fulfil the engagement of Victoria—an engagement which, as we shall presently show, was not only entered into as between the Commissioner of Railways and the Borough. Council, but which was subsequently ratified by an assurance given by the Chief Secretary himself to the Premier of New South /Wales. The rebuff which Messrs. Hay and Jones experienced at the hands of the Chief Engineer, will be found, we opine, to have very little bearing upon the question, and was indeed to some extent the result of their own ill considered and hasty action. Mr. Iliginbotham is Imowti to be opposed to the erection of the bridge, and why he was .applied to at all, or why Mr.{Hay [and Dr. Jones when in Echuca omitted to obtain the co-operation of the Municipal Council, are matters that are not very clear to our comprehension, and at all events have yet to be explained. In Sydney these gentlemen were doubtless the right men in the right place—there, they had legitimate claims to urge and a proper locus standi before their own Government, and they went, moreover, fully prepared with all requisite particulars pertaining to their case and pressing their suit in the proper quarter were deservedly successful; but in Melbourne, and as supplicants to Mr. Iliginbotham, their position was the converse of what it was in Sydney, and the result of cuorse under the circumstances equally opposite. Upon the Borough Council of Ecliuca devolves the duty of claiming the fulfilment of the promise of the late Commissioner of Railways, re-iterated as it was by Mr. Duffy in person to an important deputation which in September of the same year waited upon the Chief Secretaries of both colonies in Melbourne. Three months j prior to this deputation Mr. Longmore's' written promise had been obtained through the agency of the Borough Council of Echuca, and the Town Clerk was instructed to join Dr. D. G. Jones and the other representatives of Riverina, because, as Councillor Crossen put it, " that as all were agreed as to the desirability of a bridge, the great thing was to get the two Governments to fix the time for the commencement of the work." The deputation, however, influential as it was, effected— beyond the verbal endorsement by Mr. Dully of Mr. Longmore's written pledge— absolutely nothing. Sir James Martin temporised with the question, and could only be got to say that on his return to Sydney the matter shouldjbe "enquired, into," and so the eroctiou of a bridge over the Murray at or near Echuca was to all intents and purposes once more shelved and became as remote a contingency as ever. But as we then pointed out, " a record has been placed on the chronicles of this colony that a Prime Minister has given his word that he will ask ' the Parliament to vote the necessary funds, as soon as New Scuth "Wales shall signify its willingness to proceed with the work. His word as Chief Secretary of Victoria to the Chief Secretary of New South Wales, having thus, as it were, put the seal of our colony to a mutual bond, it will devolve, as a matter • of honor, on whomsoever may at that time be i master of the position in "Victoria, to fulfil j the promise which Mr. Duffy has most unequivocally given." To-night, therefore, it is to be hoped that the council, having > the hall at its foot, will take such energetic action to avail itself of the opportunity as may commend itself to the intelligence of members. J The meeting of the Intercolonial Conference at Sydney is also opportune, for as | Mr. Parkes has lately confessed himself so thoroughly in favor of doing justice to the long neglected south, he could, no doubt, ! easily be induced to claim from Mr. .Francis, j on behalf of New South "Wales, the redemp- ] tion of Mr. Duffy's pledge to Sir James ! Martin. It is true that until after the opening of the session Mr. Francis will, not j have funds at his disposal for the purposes of the bridge, but if a proper understanding ' is arrived at this need not delay the actual ; commencement of the work, inasmuch as the ' £16,000 long since voted by the Parliament j of New South Wales is at any moment capable of being applied to its legitimate j use. ' I Judging from the experiences of other places in the flourishing colony of Victoria, i it appears to us that Ecliuca ia very fortunately placed in not having to submit to the teachings of Spiritism. The chief cenfcrcs of population are the places wherein the prophets of this new and comfortable religion most delight to display their arts—or, perhaps, we should say their artifices—and the smaller towns escape the contagion of these fevered minds. For it cannot be denied that contagion does exist, and that the rogues of the world are never at; a loss to discover fools upon whom to practice their roguery. It has been propounded as an axiom that one half of the world are rogues, and the other half fools. But without going so far j as that—without endorsing the opinions of I the undoubted sage who made the remark-— we feel at liberty to say that the experiences of towns and cities not distant many hundreds of miles from us, go far to establish the truth of his views. Castlemaine was the town which first gave tangible evidence of having caught the infection of Spiritism— or, as its disciples choose to call it, " Spiritualism"—and it rapidly spread to Sandhurst. From that newly Hedged city we have from time to time heard of doings which, it the records of them were only reliable would have made true religion shake in its shoes. The " circles" existent in the lively but worked out regions of Golden Square, have legends to tell which are far beyond the fairy tales of the middle ages, and which place the miraclss of Moses quite in the shade— ghostly half-crowns dropping into mediuinistic hands, heavenly roses wet with celestial dew, spirits of bygone American celebrities of spiritist circles, essences of Bed Indians, and so on, have delighted the Sandhurst band of choice spirits of the new dispensation. In order that nothing should be wanting a clergyman of. the Church, of| England, resident at Kangaroo. Flat, was converted, and signs and wonders appeared at Crusoe Gully; in consequence thereof the "clergyman" in question "wasted" his talents ."for a space, and was rewarded by a douceur of something like £300, and finally pitched • his tent in Melbourne where it may be supposed that the •" Progressive Spiritists," with whom he allied himself, received him with open arms. Latterly, however, he found the circle of his admirers growing small by degrees and beautifully less, ahcl he suddenly wrenched himself apart from them, alleging that he could not live; any longer upon contributions, which had so wonderfully decreased. The fact appears to be, that new lights had ar- ! rived " by special invitation " in the shape of Messrs. Peebles and Dunn, arid tbe.lesser light was eclipsed by the greater ones. Both of these new aspirants for favor were characterised by the Melbourne press as " illiterate Yankee impostors," the adjective " Yankee" not constituting a term of reproach to an enterprising nation, but rather being a tribute to its inventive genius, which produces everything of gigantic proportions. " Dr." Dunn made but a small impression, appearing as a satellite of the greater planet.. He rested his claims for distinction upon having once held his hand in the ilame of a kerosene lamp without scorching it, a feat to be-done by any schoolboy who has studied the modern elements of chemistry, but one which he resolutely refused to repeat in public, and rested it later upon a successful repetition of the trick long since made notorious by the Davenport Brothers, another feat which he lias also refused to submit to practical examination. It would be thought ' by the sensible that the ignominious failure i of " Dr." Dunn would have sealed the fate ' of the older iinposter—Peebles ; but so incon- } sistent is the world that it docs not appear to ) have been the case. On the contrary Peebles } appears to have succeeded in his mission— that of gaining converts to Spiritism, and gulling those converts to his heart's content. In the h rqns, of Monday, we read that this pretentious "seer of the ages" delivered his " fifth and last" series of lectures upon " Spiritism" at the Prince of Wales Theatre, which was crammed upon the occasion. The talk in which he indulged was a jargon of foolish blasphemy, but it went down with his audience, who subscribed about £23 by way of collection. Certain others had subscribed £130, and the whole amount was ! handed to Peebles at the close of the service. ! It does not need here to comment upon the I strange character of the " fifth and last" lecture delivered by Peebles, but wo may be permitted to say that the address, which accompanied " the sovereigns" was a strange rhapsody. If Peebles had been the angel Gabriel in proprio personce it is questionable whether more highfalutin language could have been employed by his timid flock, but what strikes us as worse is that the names subscribed to theaddress compose thoseof men who should be far removed from superstitious influences. Men of the Peebles and Dunn stamp should by right only prey upon the • weak and credulous, but we have before us ! evidences of some noble minds being overthrown. To return to our starting point, we may again felicitate ourselves that our present insignificant geographical position ' protects us from the onslaught of such wolves in sheep's clothing, as arc personated by Peebles, Dunn, and Co. Some day when Echuca is the Chicago of Australia we may suffer from their incursions, but meanwhile we may be content to survey their unholy doings' from a distance, and rest and be thankful. The Murray.—By telegram last evening we learn that at Wahgunyah it was 5ft 9in, and at Swan Hill, lift 2in above summer level. Our Melbourne Telegram received last night was for the most part anticipated by our exchanges. Flour is quoted at £13 10s, and wheat is said to be in demand at 4s 7d to 4s 9d. The Adelaide market is hardening. In sugars, large sales have been effected at late rates. Municipal.—The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Borough Council takes place this evening at the usual hour, and, we believe, a good deal of important business will be submitted for the consideration of members. Amongst other tilings the phase assumed by the Murray bridge question ought to provoke some action on the part of the Council. The report of the Town Clerk embodying certain suggestions for the amendment of the Borough statute and the joint or separate reports, as the case may be, of that oflicor and Cr. Shackell upon the practicability of obtaining street metal from Rochester, will, wo believe, also form a portion of the business. Tiie County Court.—On Thursday, the 20tli of February, His Honor Judge Dunne will hold his quarterly County Court at Echuca. The following are the last days upon which summonses can be issued and served, viz :—Issue of special summons, Tuesday, January 28th; service, Thursday, the 30th. Issue of ordinary summons, Saturday, 1st February; service, Wednesday, 5th February. Last day for filing, Monday, the 10th February. Echuca Police Court.—In this court on Saturday the case against Smith, for keeping a disorderly refreshment house was further heard. Mr. Taylor called several witnesses for the defence, who deposed that it. was not midnight when Constables O'Neill and Phillips called upon the defendant, and that the house was immediately afterwards closcd. The Police Magistrate, in dismissing the case, expressed his regret that the police had not deferred their visit to Smith's until later, so that the question of .a few minutes time could not have ai'isen. Yesterday morning three small debt cases were called on, but none of the litigants appeared. In some inst nices the cause of action had been settled out of court, and 'in another the summons was not served. In the afternoon, H. P. Taylor v. Aitken—£7 Is., law costs. The defendant in this case was evidently laboring under a misapprehension, believing that lie had already paid Mr. Taylor for a portion of the work charged for in the particulars of demand. A short adjournment was allowed, and Mr. | Taylor produced the previous account, the case concluding by a verdict for the full amount, with 15s. costs. Tue- Licensing Bench.—The meeting of magistrates yesterday effected no change in the personnel of the Licensing Bench. Messrs. M'Kenzie and Luth, J.P.s., were the only attendants beside the Police Magistrate, and according to their decision the Mayor and Mr. R. J. Glass, J.P., are to continue, in conjunction with the Police Magistrate, to adjudicate at the quarterly meetings. We have authority for saying that the police magistrate desired a change in the constitution of the bench, but owing to the limited attendance there was no possibility of moving an amendment upon the motion re-appointing the old magistrates. Death in the Sandhurst Hospital.—We were sorry to learn last night that the boy Barnes, who sustained a compound fracture of the skull, the result of a fall from a horse, died ill the Sandhurst Hospital yesterday. The case was a very serious one, leaving from the first but small hope of the boy's recovery. The operation of trepanning was, wo believe, performed, but in spite of all the medical skill could do the case, as we have said, terminated fatally. Another Departure.—Mr. Richard Gates, who for the last seven years lias been connected with the local branch of the Bank of Victoria has received instructions to hold himself in readiness for removal. We make the announcement with very great regret, and, while wishing Mr. Gates unlimited prosperity in the time to come, we, nevertheless, feel that the absence of so old and universally esteemed a resident will be keenly felt, and will leave a gap not easily filled. Catholic Services at Moajia.—Wo are requested to remind our Catholic friends that the usual services will be held in the new church at Moama on Sunday next, the 19th instant, at 10 o'clock, when the Rev. P. J. O'Keeffe, of Doniliquiu, will officiate. The Echuca State School.—On Monday last the Common School that was, recommenced business as a free State school under the provisions of the new Education Act. Parents should now clearly understand that as their children can be educated at the expense of the State, there is a legal as well as moral obligation resting upon them to send the youngsters to school. We shall watch with much interest the general effect produced in Echuca by the introduction of the new system. • Boileau School.—The re-opening of the above' school is to be the occasion for a tea, concert, and ball. Complete arrangements have not yet been made, but we are promised shortly to bo placed in possession of full particulars. Business Changes.—Mr. Coimabee, w'c observe, has purchased Mr. Cromio's business in High-street; his advertisement, elsewhere, speaks for itself. Messrs. \V. and G. Ford, butchers, have dissolved partnership, and the latter gentleman, we regret to hear, intends leaving Echuca. Victorian Railways.—Return of traffic for the week ending, 9th January, 1873 :—Passengers, 32,059 ; passengers, parcels, carriages, horses, dogs and mails, £4,79S 4s 8d; merchandise, minerals and cattle, £8,335 12s lid. Total for tlio week, £378,111 2s Id ; corresponding week in 1S72, £351,320 13s lid. The Emperor of Germany and his Protestant Subjects.—Although the Emperor of Germany wages war against Ultramontane fanatism, ho does not exhibit any disposition to encourage free thinking among his Protestant subjects. Recently the orthodox consistory of Hanover issued a prohibition against the pastors of the district putting their churches at the disposal of the Protestant Rationalist Association for holding its approaching congress. In consequence of this a deputation was sent to Berlin : to appeal to the Emperor, and request him to I direct the withdrawal of the consistorial interdict. The German papers announce that the Emperor declined to receive tlio deputation. From this circumstance the Roman Catholic journals draw the inference that the ultimate purpose of the Emperor is to establish the supremacy of orthodox Protestantism in Germany, so that it should become the national Church, to the exclusion of every other religion. Dreadful Accident.—Intelligence has reached Goulburn of a fatal accident in the neighborhood of Bungonia. It seems that a youth of eighteen, son of Mr. Edward Ryan, of Brisbane'Meadow, was out in the bush after wallabies, and going near one of the precipices overhanging the Shoalhaven Gully, he amused himself by rolling stones down it. While doing so, his foot slipped, and lie fell over the precipice, a height of some two hundred feet, and his ' brains were dashed out on the spot. I Distili it ion ix France. \n important Law ( fox regulating the trade in spirits in France « | bitely passed by the Nat,onaV As,e n l > which all the growers of wine lyho intend , convert it into brandy will be compelled to take | ont a license, and the wines disti premises will be placed under the con, . Excise. For pure wine spirit the Excise wil. grant white permits. For wine spirit mixed with grain or beetroot spirit, blue permits , a for grain or all other spirits not made from wine? red permits. In addition to these precautious to atop adulteration and misrepresentations on , the part of the growers and distillers, any tai- . mer distilling brandy, who may have to make a i declaration to this effect when he reiflpves^his j brandy from his cellars to the Cognac merchant a.,, stores ; and the merchant receiving such mi'se^ spirit will have to make a similar declaration when making his shipments. If this law be strictly enforced on the distillers in the Cognac district, it will be of great service and protection to the respectable shipping houses, and will tend to materially diminish the quantity of mixed spirit that now comes forward under the name of pure Cognac brandy.—Mr CI rice's T aile Circular in the Economist, Oct. 19. A Gem-Collector's Story.—Only yesterday! a very ill-looking follow—a foreigner, all liai® and false jewellery ; and a very foolish thing ilB was of him to come to me with paste diamonds in his shirt-front—brought a letter of introduction with him from a friend of mine at Dresden. The letter was genuine ; but I had my doubts as to whether this was the gentleman to whom it referred. However, I brought him in here, and showed him the gems. He made some commonplace observations which convinced me that lie knew nothing of the subject, and after thanking me in a somewhat servile manner for my court esy, took up his hat to go. I slipped betweer him and the door, and locked it in a second. " My rubjr," said I, " if you please, or you're a dead man." And I put the pistol to his forehead. That little stone, which I have said is valued at a thousand pounds, was missing. Instead of being indignant, my gentleman merely answered, " Indeed, you are mistaken, sir. You may call your servant, and examine every pocket." " I know that, you scoundrel, you have swallowed that ruby ; now, drink this, or die." I held the weapon in one hand, and a mixture, which was an cmetic, in the other. The situation was very disagreeable for him, no doubt, but did not seem at all embarrassing. Ho shrank from the pistol, or at least, the police-station, which was its alternative, and took the physic like a lamb, while I stood over liiiu with the weapon and the bowl (that little white basin yonder), exactly as Queen Eleanor ] stood over Fair Rosamond. That's why I call it Eleanor's mixture ; a decoction without which no gem cabinet of any value can bo pronounced complete. When I miss a specimen, I always know at once that some visitor has swallowed it, and then, you know, he has to swallow this.— " Across the Walnuts and the Wine," in Chambers' Journal. The Danger of Lightning.—Some extraor■ dinary escapes from lightning are vouched for by the Gon/burn Courier. " Oil Sunday afterI noon, shortly after four o'clock, a little boy, son of Mr. Brooks of North wood, was walking homewards during the thunderstorm, when he was struck by the lightning, the electric iluid actually singing oil' so:nc of the hair from the right eyebrow, and leaving a mark similar to what would be caused by a smart tap from a rough stick. The eye also bore appearance similar to blight, but happily no further injury was sustained. The second case to which we refer occurred shortly after sundown on the same evening,and not far from the scene of the first casualty. It appears that one of the workmen belonging to the Stony Creek .Sawmill was riding along the road at isorthwood, when his horse was struck by the lightning, and immediately fell to the ground, where lie remained • for about fifteen minutes as near as could be estimated by him, who unfortunately for liiiu- ( self was kept a prisoner during that period, he I having fallen witli his log under the horse. Itl was, of course, an anxious quarter of an hour I for him, but the strangest thing of all is that' the horse—after lying on his side with his fore legs shot out like arrows suddenly rose to his feet, was mounted by his master (who had escaped injury) and ridden to his destination, a distance of about two miles, as if nothing unusual happened." The hefuce fob inebriates is sadly wanted as every day's experience proves. " Deal with my case at once, and lock me up for two, three, or six months, and it will be a mercy towards me,'' said an inebriate the other day in the East Coilingwood Police Court. The man liad been arrested for purchasing stolen property, knowing it to have been stolen, and the line of defence adopted by his advocate was that the prisoner had been drinking heavily from before the date of the robbery, and, therefore, was not. cognisant or what ho had been doing during the last two or three weeks. The man's appearance fully confirmed the statement made oil his behalf, for as ho stood there before the court he was evidently suffering from the horrors, attendant upon a long debauch. Yet there was method in his madness, and his earnest appeal to be mercifully locked up where he could not obtain the means of further adding to his mental and bodily misery was as the flickering of reason nearly but not quite extinguished. To him and to his family, and to thousands of other besotted drunkards and their families, a place of detention for confirmed inebriates would be hailed as | a great boon. If suuli a refuge is to be esta- | blislied, there should be 110 time lost about it, for tli.ni si o.iogent need for it now. ' The Bunvii'.—A correspondent sends us the following :—" I am delighted to inform you that the bunyip has been seen in Wendouree. At Fry's mill a few evenings ago two respectable men secreted themselves and were rewarded. The sound emitted closely resembles the bleating of a large calf ; or perhaps, to be exact, between that and the sound of a largo drum, Well, after waiting for two hours, sure enough he made his appearance and rolled along a distance j of ten yards, sending the water about in fine j style ; body like a large pig, face of a calf, with long mane. He has been seen near Brown's where his peculiar call can be heard any evening after sundown. As a pioneer I cannot tell you the pleasure this discovery has given nie. We have no rats, no ghosts, and the spirits are a failure here, but we have the bunyip ! For a week I have known nothing but delights. I have seen the bunyip myself. I wish I had not. Personal acquaintance with him has proved him a delusion. Alas ! this has been my fate so often. ; I heard the dreadful sound as above—it came j from a bittern—it has a pecnliar bellowing cry j which has obtained for it the name of Miredrum Bull of the Bog, and its name (Bitour, Botur, Botarus) ; see the books. Now for the other phenomena. It is caused by the musk duck. The male bird is as large as a. common goose, with most peculiar wings, or rather paddles—see description genus Bizura—with which he scuttles along, every now and again sending the water high up in the air, certainly over live feet, and making a great commotion. Go to the swamp any moderately clear night ; you will certainly hear the bunyip, and with a little patience and imagination you will see him.''—Star. Mont Blanc.—Lately, four English ladies, the Misses Murray and their brother, arrived at the Grands Mulcts, accompanied by four guides. Continuing their ascent on the following day, they reached the grand plateau, when the youngest, 12 years of age, feeling fatigued, | went back to the Grands Mulets. The three j others, however, aged respectively 21, 17, and f 14 years, continued their ascent, and arrived nt. I the summit of Mont Blanc about mid- day. At nine o'clock in the evening they were again at I Chamounix, where tlioy were triumphantly received at the Hotel du Mont Bla,nc. Such an ascent has not been made for several years. I 