BEECHWORTH CHIPS FROM AN OLD BLOCK. BUNDLE 14. By Quince. While others write with philosophic force, - , Quince, in bis chips, adopts a shorter coarse, curios. A look at the private collection., of curios, the property of Mr W. J. Turner, jeweller, of Camp-street, Beechworth, per fayor of that gentleman, will well repay the collector of queer, strange and foreign odds and ends, who may visit Reecnwortii ; for very seldom have I in my twenty years of colonial experience seen a more interesting, and might I say, valu- able " omnium gathernm" of things ancieut and modern, scarce and rare, new and old, than the gentleman before named can show to the curiosity hunter, who has the organ of inqnisitiveness fully de veloped. It would he almost impossible to give a complete list of the strange lot ; there are emu's eggs, aboriginal fishing nets, green atone war hammers, waddies, Woolshed water atones, diamonds, tin, copper and lead ore, crystal quartz specimens as big as your hat, and fancy stones of every shade and hue, ready for the lapidary or the ornamental pyramid. silence in the court. The visitor to the Court House on Thursday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, would have enjoyed the fan occasioned by the' examination of a deaf witness, called Old Joe. Mr Armstrong, the venerable and learned Crown Prosecutor, after several ineffectual attempts to make Joe ' hear, fonnd it was no go, and sat down in despair, declaring " he. cared naught for « Joseph." Mr O'Leary, however, the counsel- for the defence, determined not to be non plussed by " a veeping vitness," as'Joe took to the sympathetic when talking about his old voman," whose body he said had been chopped up like sausage-meat after her death, and this in such a loud crying tone of voice as to be easily heard at the Post-office corner. Mr O'Leary tried Joe from the barristers' table, and positively roared at him — "What are T r . TT - mi T 1— J i.:„ juu, iu.r JZLttrna ( uue, iu itrjjij, ujjcucu uio capacious jaws and said, " Yes." Question No. 2— "How long have you been in this colony?" Joe (at the top of his voice), "1 have been 16 years married to my poor wife, my old v.iman." No. 3 — "Did yon come to this colony from Van Dieman's Land ?" Joe, « It does not matter to you where I came from,' and so Joe raved. The crowd of listeners \- convulsed with laughter to such a noisy extent that His Honor had at last to interfere, and threaten to have the court cleared. The last question, however, put the capperonJoe. "Are yona Whitechapelbird?" Joe, highly indignant at the question, screamed out such a " no " as left very little doubt in the minds of the laughing auditory that he heard that question distinctly, if no other. Poor Old Joe left the box " a-vceping " for his " old voman." the chinese ghost day. Just imagine if you can, gentle readers of the Oocns and Murray Advertiser, a we'l- dressed Chinaman meeting you in the Beech worth Cemetery on a day like Friday last, the air as cold as Christmas in England (and the gun withal shining brightly overhead) , and in a sing-song kind of intonation of voice talking aj ao lusli aa uia nuugug wuuiu eugt about five minutes. He, in his queer gib berish, gives you the following deliverance fn half-English, half-Chinese Liugo, in' an swer to your queries, anent the subject of this chip. " The dead Chinamen and iheir graves" " Ho. Ki, La; Englis men no Saves me ; Chinamen likee veily much all the same chow chow, fat pig. My cousin he Jikey no more ; he too muchee sleep, ' long time. Chinaman's blandy velly nice, veily gtrong, velly warm ; plenty cold down there (pointing to the graves) ; by-and-bye my cousin plenty opium — velly nice garden, too Snuchee flowers, plenty, sam toy ; no mors cry ; no more long face." Such is a specimen ef the Lingo of my quandom friend and al mond-eyed child of the sun, and, his notions the present and future state of his defunct Countrymen. On Friday afternoon the uncom mon sight of one of Crawford and Connolley's four-horse coaches filled insid9 and out with Chinese on its way to the Beechworth Ceme tery, caused me to incline my steps thither ward and see for myself the funeral rites' and Ceremonies of these Pagan Sun worshippers. Joking the short out through a paddock just »hove Mr Bundle's, on the Chiltern Rodd, I was in a very few minutes outside the '-tcity of the dead." As I crossed "the justic style, countless thousands (judging by the noise) of Chinese crackers were dis charged, and a3 I arrived at the Chinese department of the grounds, the scene I wit nessed was very picturesque and peculiar, Reminding mo forcibly of the historical ac counts of the out-door ceremonial observances qf the Ancient Britons centuries ago. Fires were Jjadled in several places, facing the graves of the friends of those who were thus doing bom 3 go and paying their respects in their qwn country fashion to the dead, keeping their friends memory green in the fir gway land, the home of the barbarians. As I looked on and wondered, several- '6f (fie worshippers seemed particularly anxious to fcuov (although, in anything but a rudo way), «"What for I look," and more than o'fle, hjndly informed me " All the same Engfi'sh- m«»i3 Ghureh." Around the fires the scene:was remarkably like the witches in Macbeth. Jhrce or four long poles were deftly handled by as many Chinamen walking around and lining up the ember of the glowing paper Jje, until the whole was consumed. During U,e burning of innumerable slips of paper: on hich were written prayers, good lucks, kind good wishes, as well as kind messages, Ye- igu<?si8, &c.;, one and another stood before the graves of their "cousins" (for in Australia ©unamen are all cousins), and clasping their bflnds tightly, raised tho arms as high as the forehead, and lowered them again three timep, faring this time, some of the devotees . Aept up a regular laughing chatter with the Company standing round, while others seemed fgoved with reverential awe and solemnity. At a given signal, by the, I suppose, high priest, all the Chinamen took their positions the North East corner of the Chmese buii.l ground, and simultaneously went ftrough the same extension movements. Jbis over, a general tone of merriment seemed to pervade thecrowd, this was evidently the end q finish for the time, of tho prayiogpart ohtbo qgrcusony. There was then a rush for a. cart tbat had r.rrived laden with velly good chow: 4b.oy, and in a few minutes a dainty Chinese yrend, wes laid out in order, and they all ptrto, with a wHi, and. did ample justice.to tfie savory morsel?. In the centre of the feast was a " Roast Pig" (cooked whole), jrttronnde!. by custard-cakcs, orange?, appleB,. gi n, brandy, and tea, all seemed at this stage feast to be perfectly satisfied with bemselves and each other, and kindly offered PtGro-uges," cakes," and brandy to the amused qnlocker's. The feast over, a general stam pede took place for the outside of _ the Isnretery, the fragments of the "Porker" SOie gathered up and placed is the pro- u crri. The coach was loaded up | .h The Chinese mourners of an hour ago, j «vi she expert whip tooled the coach ill first ct' 'e back again to tho starting place, , ' Wiring Creek Ohineso Camp, and I trudged j EV again to dinner by the Chiltern Boad I ®. w' 0'T- 35 " than t-ver, e.e to the true charae- fpro£ the Heathen. Ohitteo. | 