INCENSE, RITUALISM, THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND, AND DR. SHORT. Mr. C. W. Scott, a lay reader of the Church of England, residing at Yan- kalilla, has written a small pamphlet, a copy of which we have received from the publishers, Messrs. Howell & Son. The title of it is 44 Incense and Ritualism in the Church of England their use Vindicated by Scripture, and their necessity." The publication of this pamphlet has drawn down upon Mr. Scott's devoted head the thunders of Bishop's Court, North Adelaide, in the form of the following letter, which was advertised in Tuesday's daily papers : — "Bishop's Court, June 23, 1873. "Dear Sir — Seeing a pamphlet on 'Incense and Ritualism in the Church of England,' advertised in the morning papers, I purchased a copy at Mr. Howell's, and find that you are the author. " I regret on perusal to find in it state ments unauthorised by Scripture, and the Church of England as guided by it. On the present occasion it is not my purpose to refute those statements. But as you have published them in your official character as a licensed Lay Reader , and have addressed them to your ' brother Lay Readers of South Australia,' and also have published them in the Diocese of Melbourne as well as of Ade laide, I am compelled publicly to disavow all complicity with such erroneous teaching by cancelling your licence as Lay Reader from this date, June 23, and to caution your 'brother Lay Readers and fellow-Church men' against the doctrine and Ritualism you have propounded. " I remain, " Faithfully yours, "A. ADELAIDE. " To C. W. Scott, Lay Reader in the District of Yankalilla." Most of those who read this will agree with us that the gentleman to whom the thanks of the Synod were recently voted for the presentation of a parsonage house, has been treated with . rather scant courtesy by the Right Rev. Augustus. The Bishop buys the pamphlet j he reads it ; and, finding in it, as he says, " statements unauthorised by Scripture, and the Church of England as guided by it," he forthwith passes judgment, and advertises it in the daily papers. He does not condescend to specify the " unscriptural statements," nor does he attempt to refute them, but he feels " compelled to disavow all complicity with such erroneous teaching. This cool assumption of infallibility comes, however, with peculiarly bad grace from one who so frequently finds it necessary to " recoil from the Dogma of Papal Infallibility" — vide Dr. Short's charges to the Synod for the last three years — and the more so because there was no neces sity for any such public disavowal on Dr. Short's part. It is no new thing in the Church of England for a layman (or clergyman either, for the matter of that) to hold and express views totally at variance with those of his Bishop , and in a Church which admits the right of private judgment in the interpretation of the Scriptures, we can see no reason why the opinions and views of the layman should not be deemed equally as good and orthodox as those of the Bishop. It is all very well for Dr. Short to condemn the views propounded by Mr. Scott as " unscriptural," but that is only his opinion, which must be taken for what it is worth. Mr. Scott, on the other hand, claims support for his views on the ground that they are thoroughly warranted by Holy Scrip ture, and, according to Dr. Short's own showing he is justified in regarding his deductions from the Scriptures as " the voice from 4 between the cherubims overshadowing the mercy-seat ,' to be listened to without appeal, and obeyed without reserve ." ( Vide charge to the Synod 15th May, 1865, and quoted in the Irish Harp a of June®13th.) But "the voice from between the che rubims" which a lay reader at Yanka lilla has heard is in favor of Incense and Ritualism, and " the voice from between the cherubims" which Dr. Short has heard condemns these things as " erroneous" and "unscriptural." If this sort of contradiction goes on much longer we fear that there will be con siderable danger of a speedy renewal of the war which once took place be tween the archangel, S. Michael, and the old serpent, the Devil. We have always been accustomed to regard the lot of cherubsas a particularly enviable one, but if this Babel and contradiction of voices between the cherubims is constantly going on, we should fancy that the poor cherubims must have a rather troublesome time of it. The confusion at the tower of Babel could have been nothing to it. Proceeding to. the review of the pamphlet itself we find that the object of the author is to prove that there is warrant in Holy Scripture for the use of incense, and consequently for the practice of Ritualism, and that the use of incense 44 is a right and proper ceremony in Christian worship." In support of his views, the writer quotes 'various pas sages from the Old and New Testament, which point to the conclusion that the burning of incense was not only com manded under the patriarchal and Jewish dispensations, but was intended to form an important feature in Chris tian worship. We think no unpre judiced reader of this pamphlet can deny that Mr. Scott has made out a fair case in behalf of the use of incense, but unfortunately for his position as an Anglican, the texts he quotes, and the arguments he deduces from them prove a great deal too mueh for his purpose. For instance, the celebrated text which he refers to from the Prophet Malachi — " For from the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same, my name shall be great among the Gentiles, and in every place incense shall be offered to my name and a pure oblation," clearly proves something more than the lawfulness of the use of incense in Christian worship. It is a prophecy of which we see the fulfilment in the Ca tholic Church, and only in the Ca tholic Church, for there is no other communion in which 44 from the risin of the sun unto the going down of the same the pure oblation is beino offered. How, then, can Mr. Scott re concile it with his conscience to remain in a Church in which this "pure oblation" — or "offering" as the An glican version has it — is not only never offered, but declared to be " a blas phemous fable and dangerous deceit" vide XXXI. Article Anglican Prayer- book. Again, Mr. Scott's description of the Church as the 44 pillar and ground of the truth," " Holy, Catholic, indestructible, and under the Holy Spirit infallible," is altogether irre concilable with what he afterwards says respecting the need and benefits of " the glorious Reformation," for such a Church never could nor ever can by any possibility require reforming unless Christ failed in His promises to be with His Church ".all days even unto the consummation of the world," and "that the gates of hell should never prevail asrainst it." O ' 44 To maintain," says the writer, " as many do, that the almost numberless sects which overrun the world now-a-days — contradicting and often blaspheming each other — are all (and if one, why not all?) portions of this True Catholic Church, is simply absurd, for that is to make God the author of the direst confusion; whereas, on the contrary, how plain and simple is His plan if only we had eyes to see, and ears to hear, and hearts to understand it. Jesus said to His apostles just before He left them to ascend to His Father, "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth, as my Father has sent me, even so send I you ; and He breathed on them, lifted up His hands and blessed them, and said unto them, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whosoever sins ye remit, they are _ . . remitted unto them ; and whosoever sins ye / retain, they are retained. And go ye and teach, baptize, and preach to all nations, and lo, I am with you always even unto the end of the world." Now (enquiring with all reverence) is not the meaning of these solemn words, and acts as if our Blessed Lord, ordaining His apostles, had said to them in other words, 4 'As my Father has sent Me \yitk power to rule and govern and to send out others under Me to' assist Me in the work . of My Church, and also (as I am now doing) to send others after Me to succeed Me in the same work, even so in like manner send I you , that is with power (under Me) to rule and govern and send out others under you, and also to send others after you to succeed you, and thus keep up a continual succession of rulers, overseers, or bishops and subordinate ministers in My Church, with power to do the same. thing as I now give, and will here- 1 after give you and them power to do ; and lo ! I am with you, My duly commissioned am bassadors always, even unto the end of the world, that is (in an especial manner, in your ministerial capacity), with you and your successors .' For how, otherwise, could Jesus possibly be with the apostles ' even unto the \- end of the world? when those apostles, in a few years time, were by -death to be removed from the world for ever ? We thoroughly endorse every word of the above, and will therefore simply ask Mr. Scott to consider seriously this . question — What claim has the Anglican Establishment to be considered in any other light than as one of " the almost numberless sects." 