FOREIGN NEWS. The French National Assembly meet again on Monday. The Paris elections came off on the 4th. M. Barodet, the advanced Republican candidate, obtained 148,146 votes ; M. de Rémusat, the moderate Republican, 135,407 votes ; and Colonel Stoffel, the Bonapartist, 27,088 votes. The number of electors.who abstained from voting was 115,000. Several other vacancies on the same day were filled by Republicans. There was quite a panic on the Paris Bourse. A week later there were five more elections, and four Republicans were returned. It is confidently stated that M. de Goulard, the Minister of the Interior in France, has determined to quit the Cabinet, unless M. Jules Simon resigns ; then M. Thiers will at once lay before the Chamber his Constitutional schemes. One modification of his policy will be that he will urge the adoption of the Republic as the definitive form of Govern- ment. According to a Paris telegram, a coali- tion has been formed between a large number of Orleanists and Legitimists, for the purpose of overthrowing M. Thiers, and of electing the Due d'Aumale in his stead as President of the Republic. They do not, however, it is said, constitute a majority of the Right. M. Gambetta has gone into the country to spend two or three days before the opening of Parlia ment. His organ, the Republique Fran- caise, has published an article strongly opposing the Constitutional measures of M. Thiers. The alleged agreement be- tween the two Centres of the Assembly, which gave firmness to the Bourse on Tuesday, is not confirmed. Advices from the southern districts of France state that the damage done to the vines by the frost has been greatly exag- gerated. The loss is considerable, but less than reported at first. The prospects of the champagne vintage are seriously imperilled, and great damage has been done in the Rhine vineyards. In Germany the disaster has given an enormous stimulus to the wine sales, which occur at this period of the year. The prices recently realised exceeded by 70 to 80 per cent, the valuations of the brokers. The four Bills designed to regulate the relations between the State and the Churches in Prussia, have now passed the Herrenhaus, and will receive the Royal assent. The Vienna Exhibition was opened on May 1 by the Emperor in person. As was to be expected, the proceedings were of an exceptionally interesting character. The drizzling rain which prevailed seems to have been the only drawback to the magnificent display which was made in honor of the occasion. The Prince of Wales, Prince Imperial of Germany, and other Princes were present. The Exhibition is still far from complete. The Emperor William has just re- turned from a 10 days' visit to St. Peters- burg, where there were great festivities. Prince Bismarck was very coldly re- ceived. Following the example of Prussia, the Bavarian Government has ordered the expulsion of the Redemptorists, on the ground that they are an affiliated branch of the Jesuits. The German State Council have unani- mously determined to expel the Monastic Orders of Redemptorists and Lazarists, and the Congregations of the Holy Ghost and the Most Holy Heart, as coming under the law against the Jesuits. Within six months their convents must be closed. The marriage of Prince Leopold of Bavaria to the Princess Gisela, daughter of the Emperor of Austria,, was cele- brated at Vienna on April 20. Baron von Kubeck, the Austrian Am- bassador to the Holy See, died at Gratz on May 14. The health of the Pope, owing to his strong constitution and judicious treat- ment, has improved. He heard Mass on Wednesday morning, and received during the day members of various ecclesiastical orders. That his condition was at one time critical may be surmised from the fact that Cardinal Antonelli deemed it necessary to forward a note to the Catholic powers requesting that there might be no interference with the freedom of action of the College of Cardinals in choosing a successor to the Papal chair. The Russian Invdlide publishes a report that a levée en masse is to be made in Khiva, and that each man is to be fur- nished with a horse, a gun, and a sword. The Shah of Persia started from Teheran on his visit to Europe, in the presence of 80,000 people, who showered blessings upon him, and evidently re- garded his departure as a great era in the history of Persia. Five millions sterling are to be expended on the trip. Sir Bartle Frere has concluded his East African mission, and reached India on his way home. Though unsuccessful at Zanzibar, he has induced the Imaum of Muscat and other chiefs in that region to accept the treaty for the suppression of the slave trade. This is a good be ginning, and will not fail to have an in- fluence on the Sultan of Zanzibar. It is now formally announced that the French Government heartily endorse the objects of Sir Bartle Frere's mission to Eastern Africa, and have sent out very Explicit instructions to their Consul. All our available naval, force has been sent from Bombay and Zanzibar "to await instructions"—possibly to make one vigor ous effort to put down the vile traffic Whether the Sultan is willing or not. The Foreign Office has received a tele- gram from Colonel Stanton at Cairo which gives intelligence from Khartoun, that Sir Samuel and his party were near Gondokoro. All well. Sir Samuel has asked for a reinforcement of 200 soldiers. Spain has passed through another ordeal with that quietude which seems to mark—for the 'present, at least—her political changes. Some days since the Permanent Commission appointed to re- present the dissolved National Assembly ventured to act as though itself, and not the Government, were supreme at Madrid. Ministers met the emergency with great energy, and after a menacing popular demonstration, the Commission was dissolved by decree, and those who prompted this coup d'etat—Marshal Ser- rano and Signor Sagasta—have deemed it prudent to leave the country. The Spanish elections terminated on Tuesday, and it is calculated that 360 Federal Republicans have been returned. According to an official account there has been no disturbance of the public peace in any place, and the electors have en- joyed complete liberty of action through out the electoral period. The abstentions were numerous. In the new Assembly there will be only about 28 Radicals and eight Conservatives. The new Assembly is expected to de- cide upon a definitive form of Govern- ment, and to complete the liberation of the slaves in Cuba. Several changes in the Ministry are likely to be made after the Assembly meets. Senor Figueras will probably be President of the Assembly; Senor Pi y Margall, Minister of Finance; and the veteran Orsense, President of the Republic. The Carlists have gained some consi- derable successes in the northern pro- vinces. A Barcelona telegram announces that one of the insurgent leaders has had two children shot for carrying despatches con- taining orders against the Carlists. We have tidings of another serious re- verse and loss of life of the United States troops, in consequence of being drawn into an ambuscade by the Modoc Indians at their lava-bed fastnesses in Oregon. They are still being pursued. A Wash- ington telegram states that only 30 of the Modocs now remain, and that they occupy a new and stronger position. More earthquakes have occurred at San Salvador, and the inhabitants of the un- fortunate capital have been impelled to the resolution to seek another site for the city. A telegram from Toronto announces a terrible colliery explosion at Drummond, Nova Scotia, by which 42 lives have been lost, including the manager of the mine. It is reported from Havana that the Commander-in-Chief of the Cuban insur- gents has been killed. — — — On Wednesday morning, June 25, a seaman named James Waters—commonly called Old Tom—fell down the hold of the Meander, at Port Wallaroo, as he was descending, and fractured his arm just above the wrist. Dr. Bath was sent for, and he set the arm, after which the man was carried to the Hospital, he having hurt his side also a little. He is now progressing favorably.—Wallaroo Times. Mr. Castle was the name of the second officer who joined the Bundaleer in London, and_ having served as an officer before in the Indian and China trades, his conduct was such as to render him a general favorite. He was of a good family in Raiuliam, Kent, where his parents are highly respected. It appears from particulars given by Captain Ramsay, the Bun daleer on June 11 encountered a very severe gale, and at noon the barometer having fallen to i9.20, sail wa3 reduced to lower fore and main topsails and whole foresail. This low canvass was worn as she headed away before a high sea at a i ate of 12 knots an hour. On the 12th increasing gale and ship scudding at the same rate, who l a heavy sea broke on board over the port rail and washed aft in an immense column; The waist of the ship appeared wholly submerged, and as the torrent found a passage over the starboard side, it took away young Castles and in an instant he was swimming away after the Bhip. The captain saw hi e astern for some time, but the thought of rounding the ship to seems to have been scouted as too perilous to her to attempt a rescue in the heavy sea then running. It must have been a saddening spectacle, in I he bright sunlight of an afternoon, to see a noble fellow swimming after his only hope, his ship, which was heading away, leaving him to his fate. On Saturday evening a varied enter- tainment was given at the Royal and greatly enjoyed. The performances commenced with the amusing comedy of "Woodcock's Little Game," Mr. Holloway impersonating Wood cock, and displaying a considerable appreciation of the humor of the part, though he was too persistently and monotonously serious, and was not perfect in his text. Miss Cooper was "easy and lively as Mrs. Larkins, whose character is pretty fairly indicated by her name, and was well supported by Mrs. Roberts and Mius Arden, representing Mrs. Woodcock and Mrs. Carver, the mother-in-law, respectively. Mr. Andrews was quietly droll in the character of David, Mr. Phillips acted naturally in the role of Lovkins, and Mr. George as Bwausdown completed the erst. The piece ran smoothly, and was heartily applauded, Mr. Holloway having to acknow- ledge a call. After an interval, the Brothers Loyal and Mdlle. Zuila went through some won- derful trapeze performances and took some flights from the stage up to the centre box of the theatre and back again. These feats in daring equal, and for cleverness and display of strength surpass, anything we have seen in Ade- laide. Just in front of the stage one of the brothers hangs by his feet or calves from the trapeze, and Mdlle. Zuila flying from a stand just in front of the centre box, drops so as to catch him by the hands, and then the pair go through various gymnastic evolutions. This feat is very sensational, and at one time the trapeze performer supported both his brother and the lady gymnast. Other astonishing efforts of agility and muscular power were also successfully essayed. An entertaining farce, entitled "A Kiss in the Dark," followed, and caused much laughter. The proceedings wound up with some skilful and graceful performances with flying rings by the three gymnasts. The programme altogether was highly appreciated by a good house, and there is nothing in the entertainment to which the most fastidious could reasonably object. 