THE BONA PIDE TRAVELLER. I M ' , (Daily Newi J I Orra legislators little thought -what tras before them, when they created the Bona Fide Tra- veller. Ever since that unhappy moment they have been subjected to an, amount of persecu- tion which finds its own parallel in the suffer- ings endured by Mrs. Shelley's hero after he had turned loose his monster on the earth. The Compound Householder has long ago had his ghost laid; but the ¡Bona, Fide Traveller still stalks abroad, ond' .neithertthe^pubUo, nor I 'th'e licensed'victuallers, nor tho police, nor the magistrates, know what to do with him. It is true that thia mysterious'and perplexing being is not, at first sight, dreadful to behold.. He is animated by no deadly desire to vengeance on the persons who called him into existence ; on the contrary, he shows himself, when he is caught and examined, in the most amiable light. He. is generally" to be seen during certain proscribed hours on Sunday, when a certain proportion of mankind are m church. At this period he moy.be observed approaching, with much curiosity, the public houses of town or village ; and he is moved by, no more desperate intent than to obtain some slight refreshment, with a few minutes rest for the sole of his foot.- But it must not bo imagined that he is travel-stained, tired out, and suffering/ ¡ The 'skill 'with which; he conceals the evidences of his recent wander- ings is marvellous. He, 'may. describe ; hiin-i self .as having walked anr unheard-of number! ôf'.léogues; and yet, you i will, in the majority; of cases, find his boots shining with a lustre; .Undimmed ; by dust or' mud. ' He is riot ex-! hausted' by his', pedestrian feats ; if it should; happen that,the doors are closed against him,' he continués on his journey with a good natured shrug,' and fixes his hopes on some more favoured-spot. But if he should find a welcome, his spirits rise; '. He becomes gener-' ously disposed to, his companions ; and insists on paying for the wherewithal to quenoh their thirst. . He has ever been known to wink to them on his first getting inside the doors of the : hostelry. . Of course ; he must declare himself ' to, be what.v he ' is. Unless he is ready td state that 'hefts really a Bona Fide, or.i in Scotland, a Bona Feedy, he' is refused that modes r, refreshment which would help him' on his journey. If ho have tho return half of a railway, ticket to produce, so much thé better.; But:the fact 'is that, if onco he eau get within the doors of a public-house, his character of being a Bonû, Fide has almost to be taken for granted. His boots may be shin- ing ; but perhaps he has just ' come ton miles in a cab. What although no flush of colour in his face bears witness to unusual ? exercise P -perhaps he is in such excellent traning that half-a-dozen miles' walking has no ostensible effect on his fraine. -It is for the police to prove "that ,he is not what ho professes to be, if these .ministers .of the law object to public-houses, being open within particular hours. This task, however, cannot bé consi- dered an easy one, if we read it in the light of a recent magisterial decision, by which every man, woman, -and child in the country capable of walking four, miles can.claim the privileges of a BomVFido Traveller. The police may seek to prove that this or the other man has not walked his four miles in order to earn his glass of ale, but they cannot expect tho publican to have made similar inquiries; and what becomes, then, of the elaborate précautions taken to ensure sobriety on Sunday, while allowing cer- tain concessions to the tired arid thirsty way- farer? Tho magistrate at Wandsworth re inarked.the other day that the law in question was perfectly inoperative ; and wo.think that he frankly recognised an obvious'fáct. Every spot on tho earth's surface is four miles distant from some other spot ; and it is diificult indeed for the publican at any pre- cise spot to say that his customer has started on his travels somewhere within that prescribed extent Of space. Moreover, what reason is there that the four miles' travelling should have been performed in a more or less straight line ? Two of the men summoned- to '.give evidence ¡at' thc Wandsworth police court, as having;' been found within a certain hotel or public-bouse oh tho Sunday forenoon, hosed their defence on thc fact that they were drivers of tramway cars; ' and therefore must have travelled tho ' necessary distance. The magistrate 'admitted the plea at once. If a car-driver be not a bona fide Traveller,'who can be ? -But then so aro cab- drivers, omnibus-drivers, railway guards, and all those people whose .very business it is to move from one place to another. It is tobe feared, indeed, that the law authorises tho magistrates to recognise in every human being who is brought before them that mystic Bona Fido Traveller who has. hitherto been some- what of . a curiosity;, and the only wonder is i that the public-houses of this country should, j in this condition bf affairs, voluntarily remain ' shut during certain hours on Sunday. Tho inspector of police who. brought forward the charge which was ' tried at Wandsworth, ' as soon as he heard the Magistrate's deci- sion, observed that: if the defendant was allowed to keep open house all public-houses and beer-houses could, if they chose, keep open. Tho magistrate was not ; so much startled by this observation as he might have been, and as : many of the public may be. -" Here was a. case," he remarked, "m which a large number of persons were seen to enter a public-house j in the suburbs bf London, and the Court held '? that it was the duty of the police to prove that ! they were not travellers. This the police had" failed to do as regards the particular persons cited ; and accordingly the summons against tho landlord was dismissed." The first result of this decision will be to in- form all publicans throughout the country that, if.-they choose to shut- their doors during certain hours'-', on Sunday, ? they may be acting in a very proper and moral manner ; but that there existsno .law,' whatever .'compelling them to'do so., .The, magistrat«, in the case we have mentioned; confessed that he " did not know whether he was sorry ; or ^glad" vthatrsuch was the case ; but- stated'frankly that;,ih"thö;pre-' '? sent state' bf ".the law,' it';.'was; impossible for the ! police jtb 'cbnnct,an for selling beer, j wine, or spirits to persons who represented : themselves asrwayfarcrs who had travelled four [miles."; Neither is" it incumbent on ns to to : say: -vfHetíiéV''' yrp are./.'sonry. ['.''ot' '," glad -that this absolute jfreedorii prevails; the .chief moral of the tale being.: that ' the Legislature certainly did not contemplate any such result,' 'arid'that the more 'cleariy!the .present; cbndi'! tion bf affaire is; placed -before them and the public,"the;!mbre.'ltoly; are wo to get some reasonable; definition of the scope of tho Aot. It was most decidedly never meant that all the public- houses and beer-houses should .be opened onf Suriday/'-subject to "the ; condition that thèir' customers should be asked a formal .question on enterbig ; but,-if the law permits tliia, it . seems hard that certain publicans ?should enjoy such 'a-.measúre of freedom to tho disadvantage, /'of; ' their' '/fellows. At tho sumo time, ' " wo ; do' not' 'recom^ mend -.the proprietors of- all , the públib . houses iii,t England to . keep open doors' next Sunday., r.One ,-ofi the graceful peculiarities of the' dot is, that it admità of various interpre- tations in 'various' localities.';,It changes, ita ic'olbúr.'ás trout change their colour according to'tho hue "of the'stream/in,-which they may 'find themselves. Moreover,-there are doubt- less marly publicans in this country whoso con- science would riot permit' them.'to sell drink: on a Sunday..; T.hey would as soon think of rob- bing a1, church', as of evading an Act -.of Parliament -.-intendbd to -make people'-* moral, '¡."As';-' matters;' stand,' ;.they : ref use'to -hear the. prayer.'Of'. the Bona Fide Traveller,"'everi if _ he arrive from' some towri sixty miles off, with a veritable return ticket in his hand as a proof of his good faith. . It is as well, however, that all interested in such matters should know.the very, liberal margin. accompanying the restrictions. " Y Nothing is said as to .the'^'poirit".at which tho pre- scribed four . miles . .are to begin.- The wayfarer- may 'start .'from'.'1 any; point of 'London, or' any Other town to constitute him- self a Bona Fide. The landlord summoned at Wandsworth has his hotel at Olapham-com mon, whioh ia just about four miles from Char ing-cross. Starting from tbat point, there- fore, the contemplative pedestrian, whether he goes south, north, east, or west, may easily tell at whatprecise point he becomes transformed into a Bona Fide Traveller. "Whether the police and the other magistrates of London will accept' tho decision given by the Magis- trate at Lambeth is, however, another ques- tion, which we shrink from discussing. 