A CETI)E AND SOCRAPS. Natural Selection.--Choosing a wife. Cash Advances.--- Making up to a rich widow. Ground-bait. - Advertisements on the pavement. May a turkey be said to be a ghost when it's a gobblin? Thb ties of business-To advertise A Handy Tune.--Fortune. It is not com mon metre. Query.-Is the sea- board made of beech? Do racing menever keep ruuing?accounts with their bankers? The last cup of a carouse is generally a hiccup. What relatives ought to make the best pedestrians ?-Step-sons. What is the circumference of the waste of time? Leisure is a pleasant garment, but it will not do for constant wear. How to produce a coolness.-Indulge in hot words. What is that which is full of holes and yet holds water ?-A sponge. Gravity is no more evidence of wisdom than a paper collar is of a shirt. You can't get-blood from a stone, but you can get money from "a brick." What two colours are undiscernible ? Invisible green: and blinid man's buff. To Poultry Keepers.-Is there any dif ference between a. hen stealing and a cock robbin'? The kangaroo is indeed a curious beast. He is generally most wide-awake whenhe's leaping.. An editor bought a donkey.. A brother -editor characterised the affair as the most remarkable instance of self-possession he ever witnessed.. What grows bigger the more you contract it?-Debt. Although no adage is more common than that " old age is honourable,"' yet there are people will dye rather than confess to being old. If small girls are waifs, are large girls wafers ? We don't know, but it is said that young men. sometimes apply. them to their lips in sealing their vows. If a small boy is. called a lad, is it proper to call a bigger boy a ladder ? The man who popped the question by starlight got his dnswer in a twinkling. "Yery good, but rather pointed," as the fish said when he swallowed the bait.. Very Sad. - There have been- more' fashionable ladies dyed young this year than ever. Numerically True.-If a man doesn't take care of No. 1, he will soon have 0 to take care of. The most irredeemable bonds yet known to the financial and moral world are vaga bonds. The day to pick your wife is Choose-day. Weddens-day is the day to be married on, of course.. Why is buttermilk like something which never occurred ?-Because it has not a curd (occurred). " What is home without a mother ?" as the idle daughter said when she sent the old lady out to chop wood. What should be done to the schoolmaster who planted his pupils up to their necks in the garden beds, and said he did it to mould their characters ? An old sailor, who had a great aversion to life on land, said he was like a lobster, as he never came ashore without a risk of getting into hot water. A man was present at the funeral of a neighbour, of whom no good could honestly be said. But everybody was saying some thing, and this man not wishing to appear singular, but being incapable of lying eulo gy, remarked, that it was a "nice quiet cbrpse." He took her fancy when hecame; he took her hand; he took a kiss; he took no notice of the shame that glowed her happy cheek at this. He took to coming afternoons; he took an oath he'd ne'or deceive; he took her father's silver spoons; and after that he took his leave. An old traveller tells a pretty tough story about being lost in the bush with his dog, where he could find nothing to eat, and had to cut off the dog's tail, which he boiled for himself, and he afterwards gave the dog the bone. Wowould ratherborrow fifty pounds than believe that story. A Reason.--Bob: "I say, 'Arry, 'ow is it yer don't 'it it hoff with Tom Wright ?" -'Arry: "Well, yer see, he's such a Cad. He's always talkin' rot about Mental Cul ture, and that sorter thing, yer know, and yver never 'car of 'is bein' in Debt, orgettin' Tight-or doin' anythink Manly, yer see!" The following correspondence is said to have taken place between a merchant and one of his clients: " Sir, your account has been standing for two years; I must have it settledimmediately." Answer--"Sir, things usually do settle bystanding; I regret that my account is an exception. If it has been standing too long, suppose you lot it run a little."" A thoughtful observer on women's rights comes to their defence very effectively, as follows: " I have seen women so delicate that that they were afraid to ride for fear of the horse running away, afraid to walk for fear the dew might fall, afraid to sail for fear the boat might upset; but I never saw one afraid to be married, which is mere riskful than all the others put together." When does a man look girlish?-When making his maiden speech, 