STRIKES.-SrEECH or THE RIGHT HON. RBEcRT LOrW, M.P., AT GLASGOW.-First, I would say a word on a subject which is really of a painful and ab. sorbing interest at the present time-tha is, the sub ject of strikes. I do not propose to go into that largo and difficult subject at this time-it is impossible to do so; bat I wish to submit to you one observation on a particular kind of strike that I think l as not yet been made. It is a very prevalent belief, I find, at this time at le~ntrifiisiig peapl oHlttgolrvers , wit, tat striks can permanently raise the price of manufac tared commodities; and, further, that strikes so per manently raising them can be beneficial to the work ing classes. I wish to say two or three words on this subject, because I believe that neither of those propo sitions is capable of. being maintained in argument. (Cheers.) You must remember that when there is a demand for any particular article or commodity that demand is not for the article in the abstract: it is not an absolute demand far that article ; it is a demand for that article at a particular price, and if it cannot be obtained at that price a very slight rise will very often materially check and destroy the demand for the article. Now, that is a thing which, it ap. pears to me, is lost sight of in these speculations about strikes. If persons, by striking, only take away a certain portion of the profits of the manu faeturer, and the article is not increased in price-I do not enter in the least into the question as to what effect that lhas-but supposing a strike to increase the price of the article, it is quite evident that just in the, proportion as it increases that price it must diminish the demand for that article. (Hear, hear.) Foreign competition is brought in ; substitutes for the article so increased in price are discovered-or if nothing of that kind can be done, people can no longer afford it, and they learn to do without it, and therefore there is considerable diminution in the demand for that article. How is that to be met P Clearly, less of the article must be manufactured, unless the business is to be come a ruinous one. But if less of it is manufactured, a considerable portion of the labour employed in that manufacture must be taken out of employ; so that the first stop in such a strike is to turn adrift a number of labourers who before were earning their subsistence by that species of manufacture; and the second stop is to give very oxaggerated wages for the moment to those who still continue to work in that manufacture. Thus the effect is to sacrifice one part of the trade to the other. But the thing will never stop there. You will then have this state of things : You have an article whoso price is artificially enhanced, and the demand for which is therefore diminished, and you have a number of persons receiving wages artificially forced up beyond the level of other wages. What must be the necessary effect of that? Why, every ingenuity will be exerted, everything that machinery can do, everything that bringing persons from a distance, or bringing goods from foreign coun. tries can do, will be attempted to boat down that price. Not only so, but lb h igh wages that have been extracted will be an irresistible temptation to other persons to flock to that trade ; and in that way everything for which so much has been sacrificed and so much done, the high rate of wages received by those persons who still continue employed will infal. libly be beaten down at least to the level at which it stood before the strike began, and very probably much below it. (Cheers.) What will then have been gained by this transaction ? What is gained is, tlat you hare given to a few persons for a short time an exaggerated rate of wages, while on the other hand you have turned a number of innocent persons out of employment; altogether you have disorganised a great branch of industry, and forced capital from one channel into another; and the loss is that after all this has been done, and all this sacrifice made for an object so totally inadequate, that that competition which it is impos. sible for you to exclude will beat down the price again to the original level from which it was raised. (Cheere.) THE UTIrr oF THE PROTESTANTI CuTroCHE. The London T7mes says :-" The Archbishop of Can terbury reasserts for the Church of England her his torical position as a ' middle way' between all other parties. lie reviews the relations whiel his prede cessors have maintained with Christians of all commu nions on the continent, the gathering of foreign Pro testants under Archbishop Sumner at Lambeth, the overtures made to the Greek Church, and the friendly intercourse lately established with the Old Catholics at Cologne. lie does well to add that 'uo doubt it is a grave and important subject for us to consider that, while men are holding out the right hand of fellow ship to the Episcopal Churchesof the contiuen, there are so many of our brethren at home from whom we are estranged ; and every effort which can be made to unite us more firmly with them comes to us recom mended by something more practical than those en deavours to unite with foreigners, many of whom show little inclination to admit us to their fellowship, and some of whom could not admit ue without our denying the great principles of our Reformed Church.' How graveand practical this subject ismaybe appreciated by some statistics recently published on therelatireaccom modation provided in the great towns of England for spiritual purposes by the various religious communi ties in this country. It appears, without relying too closely on thIe figures, that two.lthirds of this seccoam modation is provided by the various Dissenting sccta. The vaet masses of the English people who are without the fold of the Chlurch offer, in truth, the greatest prac Lical problem with whilch an archbishop ought to be concerned. The middle way is a very good way if people can be got to walk in it. But what will come to he ?aidof it i inu prctic thle east wajority ( tohepeople prefer some 9thler way --suleretition, enthusiasm, indifference, or active infidelity P The Archbishop enumerates such a variety of beliefs and unbelicfs that thIe Church seems in danger of being lost in the con fusion. However, hIe draws thie only possible ronclu sion. Amid tlhis babel of voices the opportunity of tire Clhurch of England is not tobo found in merely holding out its lhands all round in tokens of general goodwill, but in hlaving something to say, and saying it with energy and consistency. A great danger for tire Churchl lurks in the very comprelheneircneas whiche is hler boast. The strength of other sects and communions lies in thire definiteness and vigour with which they are prepared to face thie problems of re ligious life. It remains to be proved whethler the Church of England, without forfeiting thie breadth of which she is justly proud, can ]rold hler own in this vigorous struggle of positive creeds. The Archbishop claims for hler no less energy in the assertion of posi tire truth than in thie maintenance of open questions. There is no danger of her failing in the latter point; but her best friends may well be anxious about tihe former. Mres O'n?EI.L.-ThLe news of the death of Miss O'Neill arrived by the lost mail. The .heraeums gives the subjoined short but pithy biography of the great Juliet.--In 1813 there was a dellete young girl Fainfully strolling, under thie management of a rollicking father, from one Irish town to nnothler. Droghcda lhas thIe reputation of having seen in her thie bright promise which sihe afterwards rcaliaed. eaonwhilo, ashe played princesses by night, and oe casionally spent part of hler days without shose or stockings. The company hler frther ruled was desti tute of nearly everythting a player requires; but for all dilhicultis hre lhad one remedy. Whetlerr Joliet nmoted a skirt or thie Ghost ol Hamlet's father a suit on armour, the nmanager invariably remarked, "Sure, there's no dilliculty at all. Put on a great cost, and you'll do very well." Father and daughlter were doing very ill in Dublin, hnlf-storving, whrile they waited for luek, rwhren it came to thie latter allof a sudden. Mties Waldstlein, thie theatricdl hIeroine of the hlour, refused to act unless at arn advanced salary. Thie manaoger was in despair, when hie heard of thie priceless pearl that was to be lhad for nothing. Miss O'Neill was forthwith attached to thie Dublin Theatre, whore she excited snuche sensations of delight that the Irish capital was beside itself. Forthlwith, Covent Garden obtained her services. In October, 1814, Miss O'Neill made her ddbet as Juliet, and London acknowledged a new charm, Her grace, sweetnese, delincacy, refinement, were things that London playgoers had long been atrangers to. In hler first season she ran throughl a line of chlaracters which filled the town with admira tion and poor Mrs. Siddons with disgust. Thie career of the new actress was as brief as it was brilliant. It closed in July, 1819, with her performance of SIrs. Haller, and with the announcement that she would not play again till Christmas. But marriage in tervened, and Miss O'Neill never appeared again. She may be said to have united the old stage with the new. She dplayed, as the great Mrs. Barry did, Belvidera, Isabella, iMonimin, and Calista. She was also thie 3ionca of Milman'e "Fario," and the original heroine of Shiel's stilted and now- forgotten plays, but plays which included in their cast Young, Charles Kemble, feacready, and Miss O'Neill. Her last season was thie last in whlich Mrs. Siddons acted, that lady returning to the stage for a night, to play Lady Randolph for hler brother Clhaorles's benefit. Misea O'Neill is said, after her marriage, to haver been rather ashamed of her old calling, and to hlave never referred to it, ignoring even the passages in plays in which she had been most effective. This is probably enoggerated, for she was present when Miss Kate Terry played Juliet, and sent to her a message of congratu lation "from a Juliet of earlier days." In Lady Tenzle and Lady Townly, and in comedy generally, Miss O'Neill was not greaot; but the gentle and suffler ing heroines of tragedy never bad a arore intellectual representative. She was always mistress over herself, and her judgment was supreme over her impulses. In December, 1819, Miss O'Neill married Mr. Beecher, afterwards Sir William Wrixon Beecher, Bars., of Ballygibiln, eaouty Cork, who-died in 1850, Three sons and two daughters mourn the loss of a mnother who at the time of hler deathl was eighty'one years of Sina?csa te ConPIYEh.NTS.-Lord GrOaville, one of the most polished gentlemen of the day, has a pe culiar way of deliverin~g a cut, which is thus described by the Speelalor :--" His lordship's bappy set-down the other day to the City dignitaries who insist on talking so persistently during the Ministerial speeches at the Guildhall banquet as to compel Mr. Gladstone to stay away, was a very good illustration of the most characteristic of his political functions. He has a velvet touch, but a sharp claw beneath it, and when tver he is particularly gentle and complimentary there is always a good chlance of his drawing a little blood. When he said he Jlad envied Miss Edith Wynne hier exquisite voice oven more than 1lo had envied theI elo qlunce of his absent chief, any ose might have known that there was a sting for some one softly shcatlhed withlin the compliment; and when it appeared that it was because for a moment her beautiful ninging had even silenced ' the brilliant conversation at the other end of the hIeoll,' every one must have felt that a graceful tribute to Miss Edith Wynno had fur nished admirable cover for a very shlarp sarcasm oal City manners. Lord Granvillo is eaceedingly happy in inflicting punishment of that genial and courtly type. In one of hIis earliest efforts in thIe House of Lords he tried his neat hand upon Lord Redesdale with thle most ample success. In that case also he covered hIis attack by an indirect compliment to women. Lord ,redeadale had objected to the presence of ladies in parts of thea House of Lords inot assigned to their use, and had said bearishlry that it made the House of Lords look just like a casino, and prevented members of the Opposition who felt thie embarrassment of a feminine audience from speaking. Lord Granvillo was down on hIim in the sweetest way at once. He recalled a French farce, in whichl an English milord objected to ladies at dinner as an embarrassment, and declared that for the first time he had learnt that thIe Frenchl author was not drawing freely on his imagination for the traits of British milords, but was justified by Lord Redesdale; ohbsorring furthler that all their lordships had not the advantage awhich hIis noble friend enjoyed of sueh familiarity with the casinos as to enable them to recog niee thie resemblance of the scene before them tothlosE views of the female src of whichl Lord Redesdale dis approrved; and flnishing by enpressing the pleasure with nwhich he bad received so adequate on excuse as Lord Redesdalo had supplied for the very ineffective speaking on the Opposition benches. Nolthing could have been snearer or more effective.as punishment." TrIE AUEnIC?t FLtO se EGLa.A?D.--ThO tour of Sergeant Bates with the American flag thIrough Eng land is going on farourably. It may be remenmbered that hie started froms Gretna Green on Wednesday week and reached Carlisle the same night. On fhe Thursday, as already announced be was at l'Penritb, at Sbhap on Friday,' Redal on Saturday, where he re. mained over Sunday ; Lancasoter on Monday, and Preston on Tuesday evening. At Gartang, a small town midway between Lancaster and Preaston, he met with quite an ovation-the " Mayor and Corporation" of thle place invited him to dinner at the principal hotel, and during the repast the Churoh scholars were drawn up in front of the place, and gave cheers for Sergeant Bates and the American flag. At Preston he appeared to be in no way exhausted, and in good spirits. He is a light neat wanlker, is dressed io the suit ofan American colour-sergeant, and the flag he carries, thongh large, measuring Gft. by 6ft. 6in., and attached to astrong pole, has no unwieldy appearance with it, and is comnparatively light. Thie question was put to him in Preston how hre had been treated during the journey, and he replied that he had been favourably received, and had met with noth ing more hostile on the road than one or two barking dogs. From Preston ihe proceeded to Bolton, and left that plaeo at 10 o'clock on Thursday morsning. Many of the inhabitants turned out to witness hIis departure; indeed, so cordial were the exhibitions of good feeling that he scarcely advanced half-a-mile during the first hour of his progress. He arrived at Pendleton about half-past 1 o'clock, and from thence was accompanied by a large number of persons, until he arrived in Chapel-street, Salford, whrere he got into an open carriage, still bearing the stars and stripes aloft, and came into Manchester proper. The crowd increased as he passed along New Bailey-street, Bridge street, and Deans-gate. In Market-street it was so dense that thel traffic was considerably impeded, and Sergeant Bates was loudly cheered several times. He rachelrd Piccadilly about half-past 2, and, after making a circuit by Portland-street, York- street, and oasley street he alighted at the RoyalHotel, where be il to stay until Saturday. In the hotel he was presented with a Union Jack, which he has expressed bis intention of carrying through the principal towns of the United States, when his tour in this country is completed. In accepting the gift he expressed a hope that the flags of England and the United States might ever be found waving together in peace and war. A large crowd gathered in the vicinity of the hotel, in response to whose demonstration the sergeant appeared at the window, and waved the American flag and the Union Jack together. 1e said lio thanked them for the courtesy they had shown to himself and to the flag of his country. The sergeant expects to reach London on the 25th inleant.-Englis, paper of November. ULTRA CENTsNAEAsNrins.-Under the title "Au thenticated Longevity," the Toronto Globe has the following statement:-"A moat remarkable case of longevity is furnished us by a correspondent in Glen garry. A woman named Ann Campbell died in Ken yon, county hf Glengarry, on the 18th of September, at the age of 130 years. She was born in Scotland, in the parish of lracadale, in the Skye, in the year 1742\. When 30 years of age she engaged as chief dairymaid with Mr. John Murray, Grishornish, and remained in that family for a period of 50 years. When her services were no longer required by Captain D. Murray, who succeeded his father in the estateof Grishornish, she left the Murray family, and engaged with Mr. Nicholson, Ardmore, in the same employ ment, and continued in his family for the following seven years. She was then in her 87th year, and at this advanced ago she emigrated to Canada, where she passed the remaining 43 years of her life. Our cor respondent relates that of late years sle became the wonder of the section of country in which she lived, and was constantly visited by the curiously-disposed of her adopted country, as well as from the neighbour ing republic. He also asserts that she was never sick until her death, never tasted medicine of any kind, was quite active and lively until within two days of her decease. She was in the full possession of her faculties to the lost. In proof of her activity, she states she milked twelve cows every day last summer. Her illness at the time of ier death was short, and seemingly without pain. Her speech left her only twenty-four hours before her death. She died with out a struggle." Fonun DOMESTICUC-t-A Windsor correspondent tells the following extraordinary slory:--At the inaugural banquet, of the Mayor of Windsor, as the hour of 11 approached, some of the party exhibited a disinclination to abandon their enjoyments. In the midst of this difficulty some one suggested that, as there were three magistrates present, a Petty Sessions should be held, and that the landlord, Mr. Johnson, should apply for permission to keep open an extra hour. This suggestion was accordingly acted upon. The application was formally made and formally granted, and the party were thus allowed to continue their convivial occupation.-Pall Mall Gazelle. A most amusing instance of speaking out in church occurred some years ago in the parish of - . The minister, in preaching upon the story of Jonah, uttered a piece of declamatory rhetoric to something like the following effect:-"And what sort of fish was it, my brethren, that God appointed thus to execute His holy will. Was it a shark, my brethren P No- it could not be a shark ; for God could never have ventured the person of His beloved prophet amongst the deadly teeth of that ravenous fish. What fish was it, then, my brethren P Was it asalmon, think ye Ahl, no; thlt wore too narrow a lodging. There's nota salmon i' the deepest pule o' a' Tweed could swallow a man. iBsides, ye ken, it's mair natural for men to swallow salmon than for salmon fo swallow men. What,theu, was it ? Was it a sea-lion, or a sea-horse, or a sea dog, or the great rhinoceros P Oh, no! These are not Scripture beasts at all. Ye're as far ar't as ever. Which of the monsters of the great deep was it, can you tell me ?" Here an old spectacled dame, who had an eleemosynary seat on the pulpit stairs, thinking that the minister was in a real perplexity about the name of the fish, interrupted him with, " Hoot, sir, it was a whole, ye ken." " Out upon yo, you graceless wife that you are !" cried the orator, so enraged as almost to fly out of the pulpit at her, " thus to take the word out of the mouth of God's minister."-Clambers's Journal. 