WOMEN WHO HAVE RIZ. No. VIII.— MILL Y MALLEE. The little girl who has followed an American fashion in taking the above alliterative vegetable nom de plume, is a jolly young creature in private life, and a dozen times cleverer to talk to than to read. She dresses, too, with a care to be in the very latest mode that is quite funny in a person who describes heroines who " outshine entire fashionable assemblages, " though attiring themselves in what seems to unprejudiced readers of Milly's pages to be the most outre style of get-up imaginable. Indeed she is quite a woman of society — dancing madly at balls, talking generously at " serious parties " where quar tettes and amateur music are the so-called " amusement," and making salad at picnics, with no trace of ink on her pretty fingers. It is something grand to spend an hour with her, soon after one of these festive occasions, and hear all the ins and outs of the whole affair, with frank praises, and hearty laughter, and queer comments on this, that, and the other ; and, now and then, a lapse into uncon scious mimicry of the tone and manner of those described, which is such a treat ! Sometimes, too, Milly will make a tiny word-picture of some picturesque scene or group which impressed her, all in a minute, without having meant to say a thing about it, and in such a " telling " way, that those who only know her from her contribu tions to the colonial press could hardly believe their ears if they heard her. For Milly Mallee is silly enough to press the unknown to the well-known in choosing the subjects of her stories and poetry, which causes much loss of enjoyment to her readers, and of prestige and profit (don't scoff, Milly,) to herself. It was all very well for Tom Moore to write Lalla Rookh, though a man who was never in the East, and knew not Persian. It was right enough for Walter Scott to write of Saladin and the Desert, though pilgrim-staff and scallop-shell were none of his. But when Milly Mallee attempts the antique, or the distant, she becomes as absurd as one who in a modern ball-room would attempt, untaught, the minuet of another age. She describes ancestral halls, stately cathedrals, and other old- world feudalities, and peoples them with lords and ladies, — she, whose reading in aught beyond fiction has not been extensive, whose greatest architectural treat has been a glimpse of Government House over the tree-tops, and whose notions of " fine folks " are gained from observing the demeanour of colonial magnates. Even when Milly condescends to be modern and local, she still queens it among impossibilities of a rare sort. The " likely stories " of English lady- novelists are mere gnats compared to the literary camels which our young friend asks her readers to swallow. Does she think we are boa-constrictors in the article of credulity? Did any English duke ever enter the Biloela school, far less fall desperately in love with a charming protege of that institution, "whose homely garb only ren dered more radiant the bedazzlement of her beauty?" Was such a being found to be "the long-lost daughter and heiress of the General who had received his peerage for raising the siege of Wallahabad during our Indian trouble?" Is she now "one of the brightest ducalities (sic.) revolving around the loveliest princess in Europe? " Did any ghost, (afterwards found to be a muffin-man, disguised by whitening his face with his wares, and " draping his form " in the basket cloths, ) ever lead a policeman on the beat to that very paving- stone of Macquarie-street under which a wealthy squatter of Eive- rina had buried the waddy-murdered victim who stood between him and a baronetcy ? Gould such supposed victim, ' ' a man of six feet two, and broad in proportion," be doubled up under a paving-stone at all, and afterwards prove to be only " rather cramped," but reviving from the waddy-blow, in consequence of "fresh air and Heaven-sent rain-drops," which reached him through a " providential chink " in the slab intended for his grave-stone ? I don't wish to be abusive, but really, Milly, you are a little goose. The people who read such rubbish now, and laugh at it, and some of them) at you, would soon learn more respect for you and your writings if you only did in print what you do so well in private — treat of what you know and have seen. As for the verses you are good enough to furnish, gratis , for the lyric nooks of a certain paper, the rhythm is generally all right, and the rhymes perfect, but the sentiments were never really yours. " The Load of Life," for instance, where you tell such fibs as these, — No fruit and no grain am I proifering, With the apples of Sodom for offerirg — To the feast of the harvest I come — Soul-barren, heart-desolate, dumb — With despaij- for my one talent hid, And fain for the strait coffin-lid. Now, the truth is, you read the printed results of your " one talent," with a good deal of pleasure, and would be very angry if anybody else dared to call your verse and prose " Apples of Sodom." And though you do, rather too often, glorify the false god Mammon in your stories, still the amount of church-going and private devotion credited, naively, as a matter' of course, to nearly all your heroes and heroines, tells me, for one, that you must be a good little Christian yourself — so, I think that "soul-barren" is undeserved self- abuse. " Heart-desolate " was in those Lyric Nook lines the very evening I saw you " doing the heavy " with young Sheepshanks, and looking as happy as if you owned Farmer's whole shop, so that small lament goes for nothing ! and nobody who knows you will ever believe that you are "dumb" — with despair, or any thing else — not that it isn't a pleasure when you talk — but you do. Now, as you are really not a bad sort of girl, and chiefly to be blamed for not seeing clearly what you can and cannot do, I will not be too hard on you, but hope you will take my advice in a friendly spirit, and act upon it, when so disposed. Describe, the places you have seen— the people you have met— the feelings you have had — the opinions you have formed — the conversations you have heard — and, with your talent and industry, you will become an artist instead of a copyist. It is no business of mine, perhaps, hut that name you write under has a silly sound— could you be per suaded to drop it ? ' Perhaps, when you part company with the un real and the impossible, tlcat remnant of affection will also be cut adrift. 