slowly but steadily increasuur, the increase this year being £56 12t. 6d. The accounts have been audited and found correct. The present assets are— Loans, £1,489 6s. 3d.; interest and rent, £70 7s. 6d. ; balance in Bank, £94 2s. Id.; entire assets, £1,653 15s. lOd.' ministers' provident fund. Mr. Whitmore also presented the report on the above, which stated that ' this Society at its h. utget sustained a loss in the removal of ita officer'A.ouy rev# anj worthy brother, Mr. Griffiths^ haTijjg left the colony for England ; '3finr-A!&fc;£one the less esteemed friend, Mr. Augustine1 Stow, who removed to Sydney; the present officers being R. A. Tarlton, Esq., Treasurer, and C. Smedley, Secretary pro tern. The amount in the Savings Bank is £206 2s. 7d., and. the prospect of affairs may be gathered from the following state ment: — Applications for membership, 4. It will be remembered that in August last an urgent appeal, signed by F. W. Cox and E. Griffiths, was sent to all the Churches, and as the above is the total actual response, it is to be hoped that the ministbrs and delegates at this meeting are prepared to give their applications and promises of support in accordance with the nnderstanding arrived at at the half-yearly meeting at Glenelg, on which occasion certain sums were named as likely to be received from the undermentioned Churches :— North Ade laide, £400; Angaston, £150; Hindmarsh aquare, £100; Clayton, £50. Surely we have deliberated long enough about this subject; and perhaps an enquiring mind might ask, is April, 1873, to see it an accomplished fact ?' 'Mr. Flint read the magazine report, which stated that the credit balance to April 12, 1872, was £59 11s. 2d., and on March 20, 1873, it was £86 4s., showing apro6t of £27 123. lOd. on the year, assuming1 that all debts on the fcooks were good. The balance to date was made up as follows:— Amount owing for maga zine, £43 lls. 6d. ; do. advertisements, £82 la. 10d.; cash in hand, £7 Is.; do. in Savings Bank, £1 7s.; overpaid printer's account, £2 2s. &).— total, £86 4s. The document then stated that the amount owing for magazines necessarily included nearly all that had been delivered during the past three months, but over £20 was owing for numbers issued during 1871. At a small ex- pense the Committee had the magazine de livered at the residences of town subscribers, which course was deemed more desirable than nutting them in pews. The. income derivable from advertisements had nearly dis appeared, and the proceeds of the sale of magazines was all that could be depended upon to meet expenses. It was thought that the simplest and most satisfactory way to make the organ remunerative was to return to the guarantee system adopted when the organ first started. The Bums could hardly be considered a burden in any case, the whole amount being so small. The proceedings were closed with praise and prayer. CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. \- First Day.— Tuesday. April 8. The annual meeting of the above Association was held on Tuesday evening, April 8, at Stow Church ; but the attendance was small, probably owiner to the want of sufficient nnhiicitv. The Kev. Jf\ W. Uox, the Chairman for the past year, presided, and the proceedings were opened with devotional exercises. On the plat form were the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., J. Jefferis, LL.B., F. W. Cox, J. R. Ferguson, W. Wilson, 0. Hall, J. McMichael, and M. Williams, B.A. The Rev. F. W. Cox then made way for the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., the Chairman-elect, who read the annual address as follows : — 'Christian' Brethren — The prominence assigned to me to-day is quite casual, and can neither be regarded as the reward of patient and efficient service in your midst, nor as the acknow ledgement of personal worth. 'As a comparative stranger my claim to this post of honour cannot be compared with many of my ministerial brethren who have won your con fidence for years— and, be it distinctly under stood, it has not been so compared. I am here simply to supply the place of our esteemed brother, the Rev. £. Griffiths, whom you elected last year to this office, but from whom the broad seas now part us; and, while thanking you for the trustful sympathy which led you to think that I could supply his lack of service, I cannot help giving utterance te the regret which fills all our minds that we do not see in this chair to-day the true-hearted, manly, unselfish pastor, from whom we had hoped to hear strong words, which would stir our love to Christ, and deepen our devotion to the spiritual interests of the world. ' You will have observed a great alteration in the arrangements which have been made for the meetings of this session. The change has been made in the hope that, by providing for the dis cussion of questions which intimately affect the spiritual welfare of the congregations which we represent, we might derive more profit than from the simple transaction of formal business. The Committee thought that there had grown up in this Union an earnest desire that these meetings might be productive of more spiritual refreshment and stimulus than heretofore, so that the members might return to their work in the Churches, not only with higher ideals, but with renewed courage to pursue and greater wisdom to attain them. It remains for you to say whether the Committee rightly or wrongly interpreted your wishes. If rightly, you will remain in Adelaide and sustain these additional meetings; if wrongly, you will effect a speedy exit as soon as the formal business has been transacted. : ' In considering to what subject the introduc: tory address might wisely call your thoughts to-day, the questions have arisen— Is there any marked deficiency in the creed or life of our Churches in this colony to which our attention ought to be called? or, is there any new direc tion into which the energies of our Churches may with profit be invited ? It is in attempting to answer these questions that I have specially felt the disadvantage of my short residence id the colony. One year of labour, mostly concen trated on Adelaide, has not given me much in sight into the state of our denomination, nor has it enabled me correctly to appreciate our aptitudes and disabilities. The conditions of our life here have their own special distinctiveness. The conditions of climate, of a sparse population, and the necessity which is laid upon most of that population to exhaust their energy in meet ing the material exigencies of the day, render it impossible that we should accept the larger and more vigorous organizations of older countries as models for our labours in the service of the same Lord. ' There is, however, one subject on which it is peculiarly important at the present time that' the Church of Christ in this colony should be ready to bear an unfaltering testimony— a testimony which shall not merely rest upon the lessons of our earlier life, but which shall express the intelligent and unwavering convictions of to-day. Throughout Europe there is a great and growing conflict around the divine authority , of the Bible. ' In Roman Catholic countries, where till recently the most stringent sacerdota lism has repressed the liberty of speech and literature, the right of private judgment is being fearlessly asserted and exercised with all the eagerness of a new freedom, to the verge of denying altogether the divine authority of Scrip ture. In Protestant Christendom the same direc tion is being pursued, with less indeed of feverish eagerness, but perhaps even deeper and more settled unbelief. In England the concentration of thought on material science is leading men first to ignore the Spiritual, then to doubt, and, finally, to deny. The alleged fact of a divine revelation is of course one of the first difficulties to be dealt with before this world can be regarded as entirely free from the shackles of divine authority, and towards the disproof of such a divine revelation many very able minds are drifting. Now, it is very pro bable that this wave of thought has broken in some of its ripples on this far distant shore. It is scarcely possible that our access to the literature of Europe shall leave us uninfluenced by its thought, its scepticism, or its faith. Those brethren who are more experienced than I in the life of our Churches will know whether there is in South Australia generally a strong and intelligent conviction that this Bible is for all practical purposes a correct and complete presentation of the mind of God, or whether there is an increasing hesitancy among us in facing the sceptic, and saying, ' We firmly be lieve that, not in one merely, but in all its divisions, this Bible carries the authority of God with it, and is free from human error.' Be the state of things among us what it may, I feel very anxious that while our population will be continually increased by those who come fresh from countries where the tone of litera ture is greatly hostile to the inspiration of God's Word; while these new elements themselves may bring with them the enervating influence of a wavering faith, they may receive from the Christian Church in this colony, not the mere echoes of tradition, nor the partial representa tions of a narrow creed, which is blind to all difficulties, but a clear well-grounded testimony to the divine authority of the Bible. May they find us prepard to prefix, ' Thus saith the Lord' not merely to the beautiful precepts of Christ, but to the doctrinal reasonings of the Apostles, to the prophetic utterances of Hebrew seers, and to all the sacred histories of the Jewish nation, so that our clear faith may sustain the wavering, and lead candid minds, who may have been unduly swayed by one set of con siderations, to review their position, and to place themselves under the teaching of that divine Spirit who will lead them into all truth, and bring them to such a knowledge of it that they mav be saved. 'Your attention is then asked not to the teaching of Scripture regarding any particular doctrinal truth, but to that inspiration of the Scriptures which constitutes them the Court of final appeal in all discussions of religious truth. ' In looking at the subject of inspiration, the first question arises as to the sense in which we are prepared to use the term. Without enter ing on too scholastic a discussion of its meaning, it may be sufficient to say that we understand the term to express that divine influence which enabled the writers of the Scriptures to convey without error all the truth that God has felt to be needful for our fulfilment of His will. This generic use of the term includes all the different modes in which it has pleased God to exercise that influence. It includes what is commonly called an inspiration of revelation, whereby God uncovered to the writers truths which were previously hidden,' and which, without such an Apocalypse, they could not have conceived. The great truth of our immortality, diaily guessed at by heathen sages, and clearly stated in the Word of God, is 'such a doctrine. The spiritual result which arises from tho death of Christ, in procuring the reconciliation and justifi cation of the sinner, is also a truth which could not be understood without a revelation. It includes, further, what is commonly called an inspiration of elevation, by which the minds of the sacred writers were so elevated as to be able ade quately to appreciate these great mysteries. It includes that suggestion of the very words themselves, which might sometimes be needful where the revelation exceeded the limits of human thought, as, e.g., in many un foldings of the Infinite Majesty of God. It includes that invigoration of tjia memory which would preserve the sacred historians and evangelists from misrepresentations when they narrated facts which had come within their own observation, and would enable them to dis criminate between truth and error, if they were compiling from records. 'You will observe that we have indicated no precise mode in which that influence has been exercised by God. I do not think that, in rela tion to a subject so confessedly out of the range of our own experience, and so incapable of analysis by us— while anxious enquiries and cavil cluster round it — there cau be any wisdom in our attempting to penetrate by a priori reasoning into the nature of inspiration, and then to try and force every part of Scripture into an illustration of the same mode. We may not understand all the ways in which the Holy Spirit influenced the minds of the writers, and in thinking that we do we are apt to limit the Holy One of Israel. ' Whilst, however, our views are thus elastic regardisg the nature of inspiration, we cannot be too emphatic in claiming God's direct con nection with, and responsibility for, the whole of the sacred records. For here we come upon the distinction between the mere productions of human genius and the inspired records. All genius is the gift of God. Shakspeare was en dowed with his poetic and dramatic power; Milton with his penetrating intuitions and splendid imagery: Lord Bacon with his power of generalization by patient processes of induc tion and analysis ; Macaulay with his exquisite diction and artistic skill. All these were en dowed by God originally with their gifts, and left free to cultivate and use them. God has not connected Himself so immediately with their writings as to accept their responsibility. They have been free to write as they would, and we discriminate between the true and the falso in their works. On the other hand, David, with his passionate devotion; Isaiah, with his en raptured visions ; and the evangelists, with their impartial historic accuracy, not merely as we believe, exercised gifts which had been bestowed upon them by God, but oxercised those gifts under the immediate direction and control of God Himself ; so that these writings come to us with the divine imprimatur, and demand both our credence and our trust. We claim no more than this divine connection with and respon sibility for the sacred writings; but we can rest our faith for time and eternity on nothing Ies3. We will not attempt to be wise above what is written as to the mode of that connection ; but of its reality we are assured in the words which I still prefer to render as in our authorized version—' All Scripture is given by inspiration of God.' 'A passing reference to the writings of Moses in the light of modern reasoning about inspiration will show how, in different ways,, Gcd may make Himself responsible for the whole record. If there te reasonable ground to believe that pictures were presented to the mind of Moses by God, representing the diffe- rent stages of creation, and that he was guarded by God from all error when he described them, there would be authoritative inspiration. If, in the subsequent history to the close of Genesis of events, which occurred prior to his own life, there is clear evidence, from the different kinds of language used, that he was compiling from records which had been written in fragmentary form, we need only claim, in order to their inspired authority, that God should enable him unerringly to discriminate between history and legend, truth and fiction. If, in writing the account of his own life and work, of his leader- ship of Israel, he drew the materials from his own memory, we simply maintain that the Holy Spirit quiekened his memory and guarded him from all mistake. All these modes would realize our idea of inspiration as fully as the verbal inspiration of the moral and ceremonial law, where we are inclined to think that God must have communicated ipsissima verba, because, each of these implies God's connection with and authority for the entire record. We do then believe, and for this we contend, that although God may have influenced the mind of the sacred writers in different ways, their writings do bear His authority, and that 'All Scripture is given by inspiration of God.' Its historic records cannot be placed on a level with the myths of the heroic age in Greece or Rome, nor with the partial and coloured state ments of modern historians. They are accurate histories. Its precepts rank far higher than the ethical counsels of the most elevated moral philosophers, and are final in their authority. : Its revelations of the future are no mere visions of a poet's fancy, but the outlines of that history which eternity will surely write. Its promises we can trust to the uttermost as the very words of One who 'is not a man that He should lie, nor the son of man that he should repent.' It is to us an abiding proof of the communication between God and man, for throughout its length and breadth the Word of God: ' This, then, is the testimony which we would bear in an age when very loose notions of the inspired authority of the Bible extensively prevail. We do not feel called upon to main tain that in every part of the Bible the very words were dictated to the writers. ? For many reasons we doubt this. One reason is that we do not feel that it was needful that the words should be dictated in cases were men wrote what they had themselves seen or heard. In such a case it was only needful that God should guard them from error. Inasmuch, then, as God never wastes power, we think it unlikely that He exercised a superfluous influence. A second reason is the total absence of verbal accuracy in the quotatiens by our Lord and the Apostles of Old Testament writers. Had the diction been an essential part of their inspiration, we think that the very diction would have been preserved in quotation, instead of which we often find the meaning of the Old Testament writers clothed in new language by Christ and his Apostles. 'But we do not on this accouut abate one jotot our belief in the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures. Some may eliminate the Pen tateuch as containing only the fanciful tradi tions among a superstitious people concerning their national origin. Others may lighten what they deem the sinking- barque of inspiration by throwing overboard the historic record, because they contain many divine injunctions, the moral beauty of which we cannot see, and which appear to us to be out of harmony with the Christian dispensation. Others may reject the doctrinal Epistles as only the deductions of a metaphysical thinker— but we claim them all, and feel that they all bear the stamp of divine authority— that they have been preserved with singular accuracy— and that we can rest our faith on them as on that Word of God which, unmoved, shall see the heaven and earth pass away. 'Approaching now the difficulties which are urged against the inspiration of the Scriptures, they are mainly of two kinds. The first class of difficulties is urged by those who deny the reality of the supernatural, or at least its connection with this world. When we claim that 'holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost' we of course raise the general question, of which this is only a part. The question of inspiration shares the difficulties which beset the whole question of the supernatural, and those who refuso to allow the supernatural any place in their creed join : issue with us at the outset. These opponents, however, we must at present pass by, 'not by any means through silent contempt, for they deserve more respectful treatment, but because they raise broader questions than we have time mow to answer. Their difficulties underlie the whole evidence of Christianity, into which we cannot enter. ' We must at present assume the genuineness of Christianity, the divinity of the Lord Jesus, and the ordinary historic credi bility of the Gospels before we can deal with the question. Has God specially inspired men to reveal His mind and will? 'The second class of difficulties is urgedsimply against the inspiration of the Bible, and not against the connection of the supernatural with the natural. With these alone we deal. 'Accepting, then, the divine peraon of our Lord as investing His words and work with divine authority, it Eeems very probable that Jesus would provide some reliablo record of all that He had done, and all which He wished His followers to do in continuing His work. Chris tianity was intended for all countries and all ages. Unless, therefore, a continual succession of inspired speakers was raised up in every nation to declare the will of Christ (which would have been a superfluous exercise of miraculous power), it is very probable that Christ would inspire a record which might become tad permanent property of the Church and the ' world. ' Further, assuming the Gospels not to be gratuitous fictions but honest histories, we find that Jesus promised His disciples such a gift of the Holy Spirit as would constitute inspiration. ' Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth is come, He will guide you into all truth. I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. But the Comforter, who is the Holy Ghost, shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.' Christ here distinctly inti mates that a special influence of the Spirit would be given' to His disciples to awaken in their minds the memory of all that He had taught; and further, that the Holy Spirit should teach them a great deal which they were unable at that time to receive from Him. They would thus be qualified to write the four narratives of the Gospels and the doctrinal teaching. ^ If, then, there are four inspired records, giving with the distinctiveness of each writer a per fectly accurate narrative of all that Jesus did and taught, it is only what we might fairly ex pect as the fulfilment of this promise; or if these doctrinal Epistles do contain a more com plete and perfectly correct unfolding of the great results of Christ's work— of the influence of His sacrifice in opening to us the doors of the spiritual kingdom, together with the glorious privileges of that kingdom, it is only what we might fairly expect from this promise of our Lord. 'We can clearly recognise that Jesus came rather to be the Gospel than to preach it-—that there would be many aspects of His sacrificial death which could not be appreciated till after that death had taken place, and that we do need an inspired explanation of what would otherwise have been a sad enigma. I venture to think that Calvary without the exposition of it by the inspired Apostles would have seemed to us a tragedy, reflecting glory indeed on the self devotion of the martyr, but none on the wisdom, love, and holiness of God. 'Further, in the fulfilment of this work we find the writers of the New Testament able to exercise miraculous powers, with which they believed themselves endowed in order to certify the correctness and inspired authority of their teaching. ' How shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation, which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard Him, God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to His own will. ' We read that at Iconium they abode a long time, speaking boldly in the Lord, who gave testimony unto the word of His grace, and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands. Now, brethren, if these records possess common his toric veracity, we are driven to one of two con clusions — either that God gave miraculous power to men who were not preaching the truth, and thus enabled them to win credence for a lie; or that they were preaching the truth, and that these were their credentials. Again, they affirm that their teaching is inspired— that their precepts are suggested by God, and carry God's authority with them. The frequency with which these assumptions occur renders quota tions needless. You know how distinctly Paul declares -that he received what he wrote and preached, not from man's teaching, but from God alone, and how he anathematizes any who preach another Gospel than that which had been received through Him from the Holy Ghost. While these are their professions, God bears them witness with signs and wonders, and thus stamps their teaching with His own divine sut-erscrh-tion. 'The acceptance of the inspired authority of most of the writings of the New Testament by the Churches in apostolic times, and in times immediately succeeding, confirms our confidence in the present canon of the New Testament. It is, of course, not sufficient to believe that the Holy Spirit did inspire some writings, We want fair ground to recognise that these are the inspired writings. The early Church was in a far better position than we to form a correct judg ment on this matter. They were most careful in distinguishing between the inspired writings and the numerous letters and treatises that claimed a measure of authority in the early Church. They refused recognition to any writings which had not such divine authority, and which had not been received as divine from the earliest times by those best qualified to judge. It was not that they formed an inde pendent judgment and- instituted their own criterion of inspiration, but they give us the testimony of the Christian Church at the begin ning of its history. And thus through them wo have a reliable statement of the Scriptures which were either written by the Apostles or with their sanction. " In the first century the whole of the New Testament was written, but remained in the form of separate narratives and letters having divine authority, and were not collected into one canon of the New Testament till the deve lopment of heresies in the middle of the second century led to the collection of all inspired writings. Each of these writings was regarded on its own individual merits before admission into the canon. Two of such canons were formed— the Syriac Peshito and the Muratorian, representing respectively the judgment of the Eastern and Western Church respecting the inspired writings. Between them they include nearly all that are included in the present canon. But although either of these collections excludes some few of the smaller Epistles. yet there is not a single writing in the New Testa ment for which, when taken separately, we have not very early and decisive testimony. The reason of the tardy admission of some into the canons arose from the partial obscurity of some and the great care exercised by one Church in receiving from another. Thus, for example, the Epistle -of James, addressed to converted Jews belonging to the twelve tribes, might be received as it was by the Syrian Church, where great numbers of them dwelt, and yet not be known for a long time, and when known received very slowly by the Gentile Churches in the Far West, until they too received from the Eastern Churches clear testimony to its authority. With still greater force does this remark apply to the letters addressed to individuals, aa the Second and Third Letters of John. Each writing has its own special evidence and sanction, though not at first included in every canon that was formed. By the Council held at Carthage, in A.D. 397, the canon was settled as it now stands, bo that by the testimony of the early Church, as well as by their own internal evidence, we are able confidently to say concerning every sepa rate writing in the New Testament—' Thus saith the Lord.' 'The inspired authority of the Old Testa ment has been more frequently called in ques tion than that of the New. Its histories have been deemed mjths, its moral beauty has been impugned, and its revelations have been assailed. It is sufficient for us to know in what light the Lord Jesus, whose deity we acknow ledge, regarded the writings of the Old Testa ment. After what has just been said respecting the inspired authority of the New Testament, we may now accept its record as reliable in all its narration of the words of Christ and the Apostles. He came to a nation that possessed the writings of the Old Testament in their pre sent form. [You will allow me to omit from this dogmatic statement, Sclomon's Song, as being a disputed book, on which I am not pre pared to offer a judgment.] They had been collected by Ezra, and divided into throe divisions— The Law, including the Pentateuch ; the Psalms, including the poetical books ; and the Prophets, including tho remainder of the Old Testament. Christ came to a nation that regarded theae writings with the utmost veneration. Did Ho attempt to undeceive them? Did He abrogate their authority ? Did He even authorize them to use their own judgment in discriminating between truth and error in their Scriptures ? If they were not inspired, and Jesus allowed them to retain the conviction that they were, He, the God of Truth, lent himself to* their delusions. How strongly He everywhere maintained the authority of those writings is familiar to us all. He appealed to each of the three great divisions of their Scriptures in attestation of His divine mission. He was anxious to prove to thorn that He was amply fulfilling all that had been written m the Law, the Prophets, and tho Psalms respecting His coming aad His work. He shaped His work with special view to their fulfilment, and reminds us at every step how clause by clause has been fulfilled. He appeals to the authority of their Law, and tolls them that Ho was rot come to abrogate it. but to unfold more completely its meaning. He urges them to search their Scriptures and collate their testimonies regarding Himself and His Work. He stimulates their reverence for its divinity. They had placed those Scriptures on. a lofty pedestal. He recognised the position, and simply lifted aside tho coverings witli which tradition had concealed the true symmetry of its figure, and invites men to gaze with rapt and reverent vision upon tho boautifnl form of divine truth. It was impossible for Christ to have done it except He believed those Scrip tures to be divine. 'We must admit still further that in thus givinpr His divine sanction to tho Old Testament He was giving it to all tho writings which to the mind of the Jews constituted the sacred Scriptures ; and therefore, that although His verbal references may be only made to some of the writings, yet if no exclusion be made, Ho was sanctioning all which they read in the Synagogue every Sabbath Day as the sacred Scriptures— which writings they most jealously, guarded from confusion with their various para phrases and commentaries even at the most corrupt period of their national history And thus we recognise the whole of the Old Testa ment writings as a realization of 'the words, ' Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.1 ' I am deeply sensible of my utter inability in the limits of this address to furnish an elaborate argument for the inspiration of the Scriptures. I can simply hope that to some of my brethren, who may not have had equal leisure with their pastors to investigate the grounds of their faith in the inspiration of th« Bible, lines of argument may have been indicated which they can follow at their pleasure, and that they may be able so to strengthen a waver ing faith that they shall quietly rest in tho glorious truth that this Bible is more lasting in its authority than even creation's laws, and more unfailing in its promises than the cove nant of God with day and night. ' It now remains for us to deal with the diffi culties which are felt by some earnest minds in accepting such a doctrine of inspiration as that which we have indicated. They are ohiefly two —the apparent inconsistency of its historic records with the settled conclusions of science ; second, the inconsistency of some of its divinely sanctioned actions with what we knew of the divine character. 'As regards the first, we shall, I think, ap proach a solution if we can clearly appreciate, on the one hand, what are the settled conclusions of science, and on the other what is the exact teaching of the Scriptural records. The facts of science must take their place as equal in authority with the facts of revealed truth. We who believe in the Bible are not afraid to accept facts in any department of God's work. But we find that many of the more recent con clusions of science are not yet on the throne of truth— they are usurpers, wielding for a while the kingly sceptre until more careful learch deprives them of their royal glory. In some departments we find the conclusions of one year corrected in the next and contradicted by subsequent experience. Let it be distinctly understood that when once science places facts before us touching Biblical subjects we will take those facts as so many lamps to illuminate us in reading the Divine Word. 'On the other hand, lot us very carefully strive to ascertain what is the teaching of the Bible on those questions where science and the Bible seem now occasionally to collide. We have been accustomed to regard tho early part of Genesis as a chronological history of the creation of the world. If it be shown to us. by the style of its language. that it is without doubt an inspired poem, given rather to teach man the great truth that tho earth and all that is therein was created by God, than to show tho order and date of creation, snail we lose our faith in its divine authority because we are obliged to chango our interpretation? If the recent discovery of a perfect human skeleton embedded in very ancient strata in the Cave of Mentone shall lead us inevitably to the conclu sion that races, whose physical structure was the same as that of man, existed ages before Adam, but that God has only revealed to us the history of His dealings with the Adamic race, because with them only are we concerned— shall wo on this account feel that tho Divine authority of the record is imperilled ? Where can we find a verse which tells us that there was no human race created prior to the Adamic race? May not even the angels represent the glorifiod form of some ancient race which was physically con formed to our own ? I will stake everything on the inspiration of tho Bible; but I will not stake the inspiration of the Bible on my interpreta tion of it, as if we were inspired in our interpre tation of the inspired Book. ' The second objection to the inspiration of the Bible is that some things appear in the Bible to have divine sanction which are immoral. I do not now refer to the silence in which tho sins ef good men are passed over in its biogra phies, because almost all thoughtful men now recognise that these biographies only profess to record the facts, and neither blame nor praise their moral character. But I refer to things evidently commanded by God, such, e.g., as Abraham's attempt to sacrifice his son, or the exterminating war of Israel with the inhabitants of the Holy Land. 'It must be remembered that human life belongs to God. He can create and He destroy. It is a sin for man to take the life of his fellow, because that life is not his. It is no sin for God to take that life, because it is His. If it is not wrong for God to take it directly, as in the case of Ananias and Sapphira, it is not wrong to take it indirectly through the instrumentality of man, as when He destroyod the idolatrous nations of Canaan by the hand of Israel. God had a right to claim the life of Isaac, and to claim it by the hand of Abraham. If, then, it was not wrong for God to command it, it could not be wrong for Abraham and the Israelites to obey. How they knew that it was God's com mand we cannot say; but, knowing it, they would have sinned by disobedience to the righteous demand of God, and hence Abraham is praised for the perf ectness of his obedience, ana Israel blamed for the partiality of theirs. ' The objections urged against the purity and beauty of God's Word aro best answered by pointing out the effect of the Bible and by whom it is prized. Is it the favourite meditation of the cruel and ferocious? Do the unholy and profane delight in it? Does the drunkard find his encouragement there, or the licentious man his sanction ? The whole testimony of history is to tho effect that this Bible sheds a light wher ever it goes, from the presence of which tho spectres of sin flee into that congenial darkness where revelation has never phone. ' Brethren, we may rejoice without trembling in the inspiration of this Book. We must hold its inspiration with patience towards those who feel difficulties, but with steadfast grasp toward all who would wrest it from us. The inspiration of both the Old and New Testaments is vital to us. It may by some be thought a small matter if the Pentateuch be assailed so long as the Gospel remains unchallenged. But remember that, if tho Pentateuch was not divine, that Jesus, who sanctioned the belief in its divine authority, was not divine, and of that the oppo nents will soon remind us when we have surren dered the divine authority of the Jewish law. May we, as a portion of tho Church of Christ in this colony, bear our faithful testimony. This Book will never shame our faith. You have often seen the rock laved by the waves. Tide after tide returns to the charge. Sometimes in gentlest ripple it lays aside the sand around its base, and seeks to undermine; and then m' fiercest billows ocean dashes ita battenng-nwr/ against the rock, and it never trembles. The sand is washed away; the rock stands firm. Hostile criticism may strive to undermine the Word of God. In tide after tide of subtle reasoning or of scientific research, it may break and moan away, and die along the shore; the sand which human interpretation had heaped around it may be washed away, but '' Firm as a rock Thy truth shall stand, When rolling years shall cease to move. ' The Rev. J. R« Ferguson, Corresponding Secretary, then read the Report of theConv mittee, for which we are unable to find room In the unavoidable absence of the Financial Secretary, Mr. Scrymgour, jun., Mr. W. C. BciK read the financial report, which, however, we do not insert here, as it is not yet completed. Mr. Whitmore, in place of the Hon. Secre tary, Mr. C. Smedley, who could not be present* read the report of the Chapol Building Society, which said :— ' There have been no grauta mad* during the year. The interest on the capital has been regularly paid; ita funds are thereby 