PILGRIMAGE TO PARAY. How proucI we ought to be of " tbe march of intellect," and all that sort of. tiling, when we read of what is going on in France. ; ;That : country is supposed to be tlie. centre of European civilisation and the/over. of inodoru. intelligence; and yet it has witnessed and is witnessing an outburst of fanaticism worthy of the darkest period of the middle ages. Pilgrimages are the prevailing mania of the hour ; and the most popular place of resort is the shrine of a silly woman named Marie Alacoque, who died about two hundred years .. ago, and was buried at Paray, a sinall town of Burgundy. This crazy female used to ' fancy that she: was favoured with ; personal interviews by Jesus, who fell in love with her, and gaveher his " sacred heart — -it does not exactly appear how or why. Hav-, idg got possession of this portion of his ana tomy, nothing woulddo but she -must insti tute a new form of idolatry. Instead of eat ing the precious member, as the Australian blackB do the'kidn'ey fat of thoir foes who fall in battle, the maniacal Marie applied herself to the task of getting the worship. of the Sacred Heart formally sanctioned and estab lished bythe Church of which she. was a member.- 1 This was done in 1868 ; uud lat- . tarly, this form of devotion .was all . the.-, rage in France. In June last, when the fever was rugiDg most violently, .as many as 20,000 persons visited the shrine in a single day. There were 1200 priests at Paray, who ' kept upfthe excitement to concert pitch, and ' up wards of 100 banners were presented at tbe hrine of the . defunct maniuo ; one of these haying been subscribed for by upwards of 200 members of the National Assembly of France aud presented in due form by 50 of their num ber. It is scarcely necessary to' ' remark that these belong to the party of, legitimacy and reaction! After mass and; communion, the banner was presented by M. de Belcastle, a prominent man in the legitimist ranks; - who made "the following declaration ",Iu :the name of the Father, of the Son, and -of the Holy, Ghost. - Amen. ' Most Sacred Heart of Jesus, we come to consecrate ourselves to you, ourselves and. our colleagues, who are joined in sentiment with us. i We ask you to. pardon us all the evil that we have done, and to pardon also all those who live estranged from. you. For such part as" we can take in y it, and in the measure that belongs to us, we also consecrate to you by all the . strength ''of our desire, France, our well beloved country, with . all its provinces, with.', alf its w orka of taith and charity. We ask: voii to i reign over her by tbe omnipotence of your grace and your holy love. And we,' pilgrims of tbe'Sacred Heart, adorers and co-partakers of your. great Sacrament, most faithful dis ciple of the infallible See of Saint Peter, whose fete we are glad to. celebrate to-day, we consecrate , ourselves to your, service, .0, Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, humbly usk- iug of you tbe grace to be entirely yours in. this world and in the world tocome. Amen. In the name of the Father; and. of tho- Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen. In order to give more impressiveness to this religio-political demonstration, the Bishop of A'utun received the banner, and delivered a long speech in reply,, of which the following is an. extract : — " IJleBeed bo ye for tbusn-ais- ing up again the flag of the old faith of our fathers. Many times since you are assembled at Versailles you have asked pardon of God-, for.the crimes:of France. Many- times you have made amende honourable to the. Sacred Heart" of Jesus for our long ingratitudes headed . up above all in the last 1 80' years. One of my modern predecessors (Talleyt and) in this glorious "see (of Autuh) had the mis fortune .to betray, tho Church and1 become the man of the Revolution. Divine heart of Jesus, pardon, pardon, for that guilty bis hop." As that profligate prelate and scandal ous' politician was regularly consecrated and was : 'therefore .supposed to liave received the gift of the Holy Ghost, his successor in the see might, have vouchsafed to explain hoxe be came so "guilty." Processions defile through the. monastery, and past the various places, and among them iB one which is thus described by L'.Univers, an ultramontane paper published in Paris : — "It is a: little plot where she was charged to keep, the she ass and its foal that, while our Lord, was talking to his spouse, struggled away : to browse in the reserved garden this ' constrained this child of 'exacc obedience to quit the Divine Master and his heavenly con verse- to run and attend, to those animals as she bad . been ordered. But the Saviour of inen /withheld 'her, and told her that they would ", do no barm, as indeed it proved, for there' was ', found no expected trace' of the huvoc. ; .they had- made." — Maryborough Advertiser,"; On August- 18 .- a son, and daughter of the ' Bishop of Bombay went to view the falls of Moness) in .the vicinity of Aberfeldy) and when1/ standing above - the, middle1 fall alarge piece "of rock -gave.,' way .benoath their feet, ' precipitating .them into the -stream below,; Miss - Douglas was carried by the current dowii:! to shallow water; and after great exer- ' tion, gained the, bank of the 6tream. Two gentlemen saw her position, and conveyed : her-- to -. the- village. It was found that her foot was fearfully lacerated, and that she had been otherwise seriously injured. 'V 