THE YORKSHIREM1AN AND THE IRISH GHOST. It was in the old coaching days, and hav ing taken an outside seaton the mail from York to Doncaster, I had fallen into con versation with my neighbour, a tall, stout, florid man, with a great good-humoured face and a very bright twinkle in his eye. From what he said there was little difficulty in guessing him to be a farmer somewhere near Doncaster, and if his shrewdness in talk was any test of his business powers,:'certainly a. successful one. By-and-bye our chat hap pened to turn on ghosts. "' Ah, sir, and so you don't believe in .ghosts ? 'said my con ppanion, laughing, and with his eye twin ling ,humorously; "well, what do you think of a man like myself that has seen and talked :with one i Come, now, we shall be together for an hour yet ; so if you like, I'll tell you the story. ' I was only too glad to have the nenortony of my journey relieved. Accord inagly he bean, "I am a Yorkshireman )sorn and bred, sir, and I've always lived in this county, and I thin t I always shall, for I'm a bit proud of it. Well, when l was about thirty, I began to find that the old farm where my father lived was too little for both of us, after I had got a wife and' some :.Iden of myown ; so I determined to set u p on my own account if I could get another farm pretty cheap. My father promised-to stock it for me, as in fact was only right, for he was a man well-to-do. After some time I heard of five hundred acres or so that were to be leta few miles north of Doncaster, and I went over to .see them. Considerinu the quality, the land. seemed to -be dirt 'cheap, and thinking I was in fora god thing, I called at once on the agent. 'Yes, that is the price,' he said ; 'very cheap, 1 think. In fact, you would not get it at nearly that, only there is a silly story about the house belonging to the land being haunted, and-it is no use not telling you, for you will hear it at the first inn you go to-nobody will live in it. I wanted Mr Robinson, the owner, to build another; it would be well. worth his while but he is an old man, with only a life-interest in the property, so he is for all he can get out of the land without much out lay. Many people have been after the farm, but they could not live on it without a house, and were all afraid of the present one. I hope you are not afraid of a ghost or two, Mr Crabtree ? John Crabtree is my name, sir: ' Oh, I'm pretty much like other peo ple in that way,' I answered, not wishing to teem too eager, for fear he raised the price. 'But I'll think the thing over, sir; and per haps you'll give me the refusal.' By the time I had been gone from his door five minutes I had made up my mind what to do. Here was a chance such as I might never have again, and it seemed absurd to throw it away for a cock and bull story of a ghost; but then I did'nt know about such things, and there might be a thousand ghosts in Yorkshire for. anything I could tell. It would never do to take the laud if there was only such a house with it as one could not live in. I determined therefore to settle about the house first, by gaint: there that very night and seein: for myself. Grimstead House-that's the name-was a mile and a;half'out of" the village, and I thought it best to have a right good dinner \- at the inn before I went up to it, because a man has always a better heart when he has something on his stomach. When I had done' ' And now waiter' said I, 'let us have a couple of bottles of your best whisky in case of accident. Tam going up to Grim stead House to sleep.' He was a thin little chap, and he stared at me a lit as if to see whether I were in earnest. Then he re plied, ' Well you must 'e a bold man, that's all Ican say; but perhaps {ou don t know the stories about the house. ' No, I should like to hear them; but I am soing all the same.' Then he told me it was supposed that an Irish pedlar had been murdered there, some twelve years before, by the far mer who then lived at the place, and who had a very bad character. This farmer had soon gone, abroad with all his family frighterned away, people said-and then the house cot a bad name. Strange things were seen and heard-rattling of chains, slamming of doors, and other noises no one could make out, while sometimes a figure in white, dreadfully like the poor murdered pedlnr, was seen in the passages orrooms, and somec times there was a skeleton walkin, about. However whether these things were true or not, none of the tenauts afterwards had ever stayed in the house above a few week's, and at last the owner had been obliged to let the land seporate at a very low rent to a great farmer in the neighbourhood, while Grim. stead House was allowed to remain empty and go to ruin. The last person who lived in it was an old blind woman who had died -there two or three years before, and, if I was really determined to stop the night in the house, the waiter thought I should find a few of her things there. They . : had novor been fetched away, as they worth scarcely anything, and nobody knew whom they belobod to. According to the waiter, Sthe bhit?' woman ' walked' as well as the pedlar. 'I shall want you to go with me and. fit things up a bit,' I said, when he hal done. -'If one is to son these ghosts, one might as well see them comfortably as not, you know.' At first he said he wouldn t ; but when I told him I only wanted him to help me to got somue wood-and sot a fire a.going, and then Ihs might como hack as solo as he liked,; while I wouldgive him five shillings if he did this and held his "tongue about it, he agreed to go, beafe ining hobcvorthat wo should start at once that ho'might got into the road again before it waes dark, So off we went, carrying my bottle. of whisky, a d couple of tumlers for fearone -wae brok en, " and'alos a 'Racing Calendar,'the only'book I he could get for me at the inn. However, I thought I should get through the night very well with these, for like all Yorkshire men I'm a bit interested in horses. "The housoe was a rambling old place, gloomy enough at the best, but more so now 1 with the damp and cobwebs and general go- i to-ruin look it had got.with iot: being lived in so long. We did not go over it all; but a big room upstairs, which he said the blind c woman had used, seemed in the best repair, and I decided to stop-in that.- There was 1 still her old truckle-bed at the farther side, r besides a strong deal chair, a little table, a and a rusted kettle, with a good many mouldy barrels in one corner. He brought a handful of dry straw for lighting from a stack we passed, and by I-reaking up one or 1 two of the barrels we soon had a decent fire. Then we found an old washing-pot in the p yard, which we pumped full of water and carried up to the room. After this it was v getting dusk and he began to be idgetty, It gave him five shillings and told him he might 1 go. He was not long in making himself scaree, I can tell you, 'Well, sir,' were the I last words he said, 'I wish you would go v back with me yet; but as you won't. I hope a voull be none the worse for it in the morn ing,' Then I heard him go tramp, tramp; f tramp, down the stairs; and, when he had t slammed the front door to with noise enough to frighten half-a- dozen ghosts, set off runn ing as hard as he could. And now I was left t alone until morning, without a soul within at mileof me -or if there were souls, at anyrate t there were no living bodies. When he was fair'y away, I thou:ht it was as well to d g down and fasten the front door after him, which I did with difficulty, for the lock and a bolts were all rust. Then I came back, l pulled up the table and chair to the fire, and tilled the old kettle. _Next I broke up some more of the barrels and put the its near the 1 grateto dry, mixed myself a glss- of hot y whisky and water, lighted one of the candles I I had "brought with .me, and, opening my 8 SC'aledar,' lit my pipe and made myself as I comfortable as I could. "The nights closed in early then-it was I January-so I was-likely to have a good long sit of it belore morning. However, I 1 got an pretty well for some hours. Some- t times I read, and when I did not find my book as interesting as it might have been, I sat looking into the fire and thinking, over t my pipe, how pleasant it would be to have I the children and Ann (that's my dame) on the other side of my fireplace in a house of our own. Sometimes I think I dozed off a bit, and when I got tired of all this, I went to the window and opened it to see I what kind of a night it was -Well, it was wild enough-wind and deep snow, so that you could, only see a few yards. Many I queer noises I heard, too; it is only when you have tried stopping in an uninhabited house on a stormy night like that, that you can believe what strange sounds there can be. IBut I was not very 'skeary,' and, I setting all these noises down to the wind, got on pretty comfortably till near twelve o'clock, when I was well on, I remember, in my fourth tumbler. I had just been I looking at my watch and was congratulating myself that half the night was gone, when I heard a sound quite different from all the rest. It was as if a door in a distant part of the house was slammed to with such violence as to shake every wall of the crazy building and ring through every part of it. At the same time my own door was blown open to the very back, while a low moan of pain seemed to be uttered e'ose to my ear. I started up and looked round, while my little Skye terrier, which had been quiet enough hitherto, also jumped up and, stretching out its neck towards the open door, gave a long and extraordinary howl, keeping its tail bet ween its legs; then it rushed into a dark corner- behind -the barrels and lay there trembling.. 'The ghost is coming now and no mistake,' I said to myself ; ' but I'd see what he's like.' So snatching up the candle and a thick nob-stick, which was the only weapon I had, I went out of the room in the direction of the sound. I wi 1 not say that I was not considerably 'creepy,' but the whisky helped to keep up my courage. I called to Dicky to follow me, but for once Dicky was deaf-and stopped behind his barrels. I saw nothing till I got nearly to the top of the stairs leading to the ground floor; then in the opposite passage, which was very wide and dark, I saw somethine looking like a dirty white cloud that half filled the passage. It did not look like su'stance, yet it was sons-tiing, and that something plaguily like a man, only, where the head should have been, there was an aw fulroundbitof whatlookedlikesolidmidnight` I was struck still; I can tell you : for I saw . the thing was floating gently forward to wards the top of the stairs where I was standing, yet I could not hear the sli"htest sound of a step. . My.hair stood on end with fright, and my candle seemed to burn blue, as the ghost came gradually out of the dark ness. The strange thing . as however much I looked, I could not make out any definite form or features, but yet that the whole was so much like a man. It did not seem to notice me, and apparently would have turned down the front stairs quietly. But I was determined to know what it t was, and so, as it passed, I thrust omy knob-stick out at it. The stick went right through, just as it would have gone through mist, but the ghost took no notice still and disappear ed down the stairs, leaving me in a nice state of fright, as you may think-being quite certain now that it was a ghost. I think I should have bolted out of the house then and there, only unluckily the way out was just the way the ghost had gone; so I rushed into my room and latched the door aain, there being no lock. There I sat, finishing my glass, and cursing my stars for having thrust me on such a business. I could not but hope however that, if I kept quiet, the ghost would not come to see me, and I had had quite enough of going to see the ghost. But the ghost, it seemed, had no intention of letting me get off so, and by and ty I heard another door bang, and then a sound as if some one were coming upstairs with a pair of wooden leg--pit, pat-only gentler. I hoped, with my heart in my mouth, that the thing would go *'ack to its own quarters like a decent ghost, and I listened hard which way it turned when it got to the stairs-head, but no I pit pat-louder and louder-it was coming straight towards my room, and presently my door seemed to fly open itself, and in his lordship stfalked, coming forward, pit pat, within a few yards of my chair, and then, standing right op posite, looking at me, and I looking at him, with my hair on end. "This ghost was quite different from the other; for though it was dressed, as it were, in a whitish cloud, I could plainly see a skeleton with the ribs, arms, and long thigh bones, while on the top was a ghastly skull, with its white teeth grinning horribly, and pitch darkness in its eyeballs, though every now and then there was a glisk of something in them, as if there wnas a black diamond glittering at the bottom of the pits. Well, there he stood and I sat, quite still for at least ten minutes, staring at each other. At last beginning to think this very funny, as he never tried to meddle with me, I reached out my hand to the gloss and took a rattling good swig. Then a little emboldened, after clearing out my throat, which was a bit husky, as) you may suppose, I said to him, ' Wont you sit down, sr ? Its as cheap sit ting as standing,' and Ipointed to oneof the barrels. ' Shure, an' ye might have asked me before, ve ill-natured gossoon,' he said, in a thin, hollowr sort of voice, that was very queer, ecspecially when joined with a touch of the bro-se. 'Ye know I couldnt speak till ye spole to me, and one's legs get tired enough standing all day minding the spit.' ' Lrd, now,' said I, a cold shudder running through me as he sat down on the barrel, which was away from the fire and not far froni the table, so that he still faced me; 'Lord, now, and what's the spitl' Don't you be over curious, now, Jolinny Crabtre,' says he 'lBut the spit's what we I roast and baste tho.epoorbad divils on-hot work it is, and no.mitako,' ' Murder, this is awful,' I said to anyself, 'sitting hob-no's with a ghost in:this s way.' And then I wo,- ' dered ow the knew'my name; bt, u ashe seemed disposed to be f-iendly, I tlioght it best to try and keep in-with him; so after a bit I said to him, ' 1Yo't your honour come a bit earer .the. fire ? It's :a mortal cold nighL" ' Fain, and tint I won't, says he crossly; 'an" dont call it.could at all just pleasant.' And ths when there was an inch of ice on the ponds in the morning, all during the night..... ",Well, we sat silent a while after this, and I drank and dinik away to keep my courage up. I saw, however, that he watched the glass every time it went to my lips, and by and by he began edging his bar rel a bit nearer the table, thinkingI1 did not notice him. So a fellow feeling began to make me guess what heowould like. ' Come, come, sir, said I, 'you'd better have a drop of something comfortable, as you are here. It isn't bad whisky, and Irve got another glass in case of accident;; here you are,' pushing the emoty glass and the bottle to wards him. '\ell, a' ye nmight have in vited me to that. sams before, Johfnny Crab tree, if ye hadn't been an inhospitable fel low,' he answered, more good-naturedly, while the black diamonds at the bottom of his eyes seemed to twinkle. ' Ye should al ways, when a gintleman comes to see you, offer him a drink first thing-it's only polite. And it does smell good, as you say. But it's forbidden--we, are all teetotallers, down there.' And I caught a sound like the ghost.of a sigh coming from him, while he edged his chair quite up to the table this time, and put his long, bony hand on it near the glass, as if by accident. 'Who's to tell ? said I, boldly. seeing he nely casiiiTed pressi ng' Teetnta!!s I Faith, if that's the game?, .. rather not go there.' ' No` it's dull, there's no denying,' says he; then, after a pause, he went on, ' Well, Johinny, if ye're quite sure, now, ye won't tell- ' 'Tell I Honour of a gentleman,' said I. 'Well, then, I'll just take the weolt drop in life with ye, Johnny, just that ye may.say: ye've had the honour of drinkinking a glass with Patrick O'Shammahoy.' ' Thats right, Mr Shammahey; and now we'll be comfortable. Ilot or cold ' 'Och, could for ie, Johnny -well, after all, ye ane a better fellow than I took ye for. Oh, thank ye, I'll mix for myself; and I feltchily again, as I watched his bony fingers clasp the , ottle and lift it up. "A pretty stiff glass he mixed himself, I can tell you;, then he lifted the glass to his lips,-and-I- hard it clatter against his white teeth., He took. ailittle sip first, and ap parently liked it, for his' eyes twinkled again, and he seemed as if he were trying.to smack his lips, only ha had none to smack. However, without putting the glass quite down, he lifted it agani and bottomed it at a gulp. 'Dad,' says be, as he pushed the empty glass alon, the table, 'but its swate after niver tasting a blessed drap these twelve years.' 'Dear me, now, is it as -long as that ' said L ' Ay, that it is, Johnny," says he, mixing himsdf another glass, with. out my asking'him, this time. ' Och, but it was a dirty trick that Jimmy Carruthers played me, to run a- knife into me-and we so thick before I Won't I roast him for it, when he comes ' ' Serve him right, too, aMr O'Shammahoy. Then if I may takeothe liberty of asking,-you are the pedlar that .was murdered some years ago for his pack ? SMr Crabtree, do ye mean to insult me ?' he said in a huff. ' Because ye'd better not, as ye. know. I a-. the gintleman, sir, that was compelled by circrmstances over. which he had no control, to work for his living for a time; but my family, sir-bedad, pedlar ! However, it is aisy to see, Johnny Crabtree, ye are of no particular family yerself-only one of the commonalty.. as we say ; so I ex cuse ye, as not understanding sich dilicate questions. Yis, I excuse you, sir- on that account alone,' pout-ag some more whisky into his glass. I be god his pardon, assur ing him I had meant no - offence, and con gratulating myself on siy forethout in bring mg two bottles instead of one. Mighty cold walking it must "os for you, Mir O'Shamma. hoy, in a sheet, anda night like this,' I said, by way of changing the subject ' Why; as to being could, that's just the beiauty of it, Johndy, he answered. ' If ye saw the fires we keep below, ye'd wonder-ten million Barrow furnaces all roaring at once are nothing to'em. And its very exhausting being all day in the heat ; so when we get out we always choose the coolest place we can find, and dress in our thinnest suit, too -in fact, some of us come out with nothing on at all, at all, just to get cool again.' But you ought not to have the punishment of walking,' I said; it ou:ht to be that scoun drel Carruthers.' 'Ay, he's a dirty villain if ye like; but ye mistake the matter intirely, Johnmy--as indeed, it is likely ye would, being ignorant of the whole thing. It isn't a punishment to walk: i; s a privilege-and the only one we poor ghosts get, though I say it that onghn't to say it.' ' But as you re so fond of the frost, I should have thought you'd prefer keepiing out of doors, Mr Shammahoy, instead of coming into a dirty tumble down place like this-you' are no doubt used to such a deal grander things down there, said I, beinning to think that as he seemed so civil, I might persuade him to leave Grimstead. ''Well, there'ssomethin. in what ye say, but ye see it's the ould place, and that one must have a house somewhere, Johnny; not but what it is more fun out of doors, because one has more society add isn't so lonely, like. ' Barrin yerself, Mr Crab. tree, I havn't had a bit of tao k with any. body here these four years; but in the cross roads and near the churchyards, bless ye, them s the places for fun! To see the childer and'ould women run away,, howlin: as soon as they see one's skirt behind a tree, and then to follow 'em invisiole and hear what tales they tell about one, oh, its prime, Johnny, it is indeed! You have a deal more courage than most folk to be sitting hers and talking, my boy.' 'Why, it's your afflbility, rir O Shammahoy, that puts one so at one's ease,' said'I, edin: in a bit of soft sawder, ar passing the bottle. But that's always the ease with you real gehntle men. However, I wonder, now, that you don't stick to the roads, as yoi find them so much pleasanter than indoors !' ' What, ye want to keep me out of my own house, do ye, he asked suspiciously; but ye won't do it, Johnny Cra tree. ' Well, come now,' I said, bollly, ' I've treated you well, Mfr O'Stammahoy, and one good turn deserves another. Promise me, now, there's a good fellow, that you won t walk again just here inthis house. I want to take the farm.' ' Och, an' it's might)y little thanks ye give me, it seems to me, Mr Crabtree, for the honour Ido ye in coming to see you,' he cried In a passion. Do ye know, sir, I'm de seceded from the ouldt kin a bf Tipperary! We are all dowi yonder, and there I wouldn't oe seen talking to an ill-bred calf likoe yerself for something.' ' Oh, for my. self, Mr O'Shammahoy, assure you I should always be delighted to see you here, ant proud I should be of the honor,' I answered; ' but, you see, it's my wife and the children Sdare say ycu'd scarcely think so, but your appearance, you knoe; -- .' 'Aua w-ho says anything against my appear ance, oh! Im thought a very handsoame ghost by better judges than you, Johnny,' and the vin Patrick actually took up the candle and weot to a bit of looking-glass which was still hanging arainst the wall, where he stood iomirir.g an$ primming him self up for a bht-tapping straight one or two of his te?th and adjustihg a rib which was a little awrs, till Icould hIave laughed outright, only I durst not. 'I can see riothing much aniss, and I think ye have no taste, Johnuny,' he continued, bringing the candle back oaid seating himself again. ' What can youi honor expect,' I said, 'rom a poor farmer lId! Still, I didn't mean to say your form im't perfect, but just to hint, if I could do it without offnces-that-that it is a little lit out of the common--un. useul,and miglt disturb people, such as my chddren, that nwere not accustomed to it; and I'm sure yasr politeness, and you a born gentleman, womldn't lot you do that' 'They disturb me,' he said, sulkily, 'and it's no good yerasking such a thing, Johnnl -I wonder at your presumption asking a gintleman to gre up his own house, and I willa'tdoit.'l '.You Irish bonenbag i then Ill make you co it, or my brains are sheep suet,' I mu:tterd between my teeth, seeio he was so stil BI?esidcs, earinbg him t o like r vain fool, I began to be:lem afrdof him; but-I thought I must firnt getito un derstaUndall abouthim before I could do any-. thing; sbo I b an praising'him np, very humbly you'know, 'and gedtting him'to brag about. hl exploit:as a-gh6st at. which I laughed; andat, last he'told me 'how it was he had come to-night. ' It was my night out, ye see, Johnny,' he said; 'so thinks I, I'll just take my poor old bones out for an airing, and I was -oinr for them when you ran against me at the stairs-he?ad, you bi, spalpeenL' 'Dear me, now,' said I, -'Then you don't always walk about as-as you are now.' 'Bless you, no : whenone foels lively and wants to have a bit of a spree or to tra vel fist, -one doesn t encumber oneself,'yoe know; but if one prefers a sort of-ahem! statelypromenade, really majestic, why then one.takcs;one'o bones with one.' 'But are they your real bones, Mr O'Shammahoy ' I asked him. 'Shure, an', why nott-and a pretty to-do there would be if any of 'ecm were missing when I took 'em back. He's plaguey Particular, is ould Hulloth-that's him that attends to the bone department.' 'What, are they loose " said I. 'Loose! Faix, an' I should think so ;-it requires a dale of skill to walk in 'em without tumbling to pieces intirely, and I -may say not many ghosts can walk in their bones as illicantly as Patrick O'Shammahoy;. Hero now just feel for yerselfJ Johnny,', and he made me putout my hand and touch them. It was for all the world, sir, like passing one's fm gers throu:h cold fo.-that was the white part of him-but the bones were hard, just like any others, only fdarfutby cold,'slimy, *And- blah with mould; and then I knew that the pit-pit I had heard'comin uiipstairs was from his hard hee's on the wood. '!"Well, after this we tapped the second-bot tie, and a roaring nieht'we made of it. We became as jolly tozether as sand boys, and I rot him on sin-ring-not veiy spiritual sonigs, either-and then I:tang, and we nmade a fambus row, sir. But for all that:I did riot forget my. purpose of cetting quit, of him for ever if I could, and so I drunk- a little as possible myself, passing thi bottlewhlienever he did not see meo, .which was ofte ti:; for from never having tasted the ,'ratiir' for.so lon , he be.an to be a bit elevated Seeing this, I kept fillin; up hii gl?is withl whisty instead of water, and he never noticed'the difference, but draut away'at the raw spirit as if it was half and half. So that at last- as you might expect, sir-he-:dropped off dead asleep, and yand by rolled off hislar rel on the floor, where he lay. just lihe any 'ody else: that had got a drop too much.' When I sa* this I.knelt downa and slily slipped'offhislegsatthe kine-joint,and then his ri.ht arm at the shoulder, for Lthoiight he might be dan-erous if I left :that. . found them come bff quito easily, fed, as he said, they were all l'6se-only the 'nasty mouldy thinis imade me shudder as I handled them.- -Then, after thinkin, a minute how to stow them where he would not be likely to find them, I hid them all under one of the barrels. After he hadlain a'out half an hour or so, I sitting watchin i him, a hit fri -htened as to what he would do :hen he awoke- all at once I heard a co'o cro'-v outside, and I sae him start up ais if in a scare. 'Och, murther,' he cried, 'there's the cock, and Ishall be late again! Well, Johnny, I must be off -ina' hurry, but the best of friends must part, atid when ye git settled here I hoph* to'have the pleasure of seeing you often' (he grrinned -with al -his white teeth); ' we've had a jolly night, havn't we ? Blood and all the powers now; an' what's this ' (iaising hiiself to a sitting posture) 'my logs;have dropped off, some how '-then he seemed to be looking about on the ground for them- ' och, the blazes, and my arm too. :Now, Johnny, help me to find 'em,.there's a'gbod fellow-I shall catch it if I'm inot back n ajiffy. 'I help you; Paddy ! Not if Tkno it,' said I laughing. ' Och, ye un .rteful thief,-but just let me find 'em, and.then I'll give you 'a dressiug.' So-he kept loo'tint about and groping with his left arm for them. ' What, they aren't here at all, at 'al --oh, e 'treacherous York shire tyke. and so ye've taken them, have ye? Ye'd better ave them up instant'y,' anddhe looked dreadfuali fierce, and tried to raise himself. -I was a bit:frizhtened when he not up on his stumps, but as-soon as I saw him tumble over - again I began laughinu.' 'Ail so a Tipperary- bog-troter like you, thoight yo a would be a math -fur a Yorkshiremau, did you, Paiddy !' said I.,cbolly iilting still und-blowing' out lo'ig! whiff. rhe co k crew again, and after trying once more toget up, he begn whinilg: Och, Johnny, for'the love of hraven--my lave 'l be stopped for a year. .Johnny' (soleinnly), ' where are.ry bories? ' ' Iou must first swear von'll never enter thisl ousdaainu bones or no bore,.' saidI tiscking und surbed. ',. ye heartless villiin!--It 'ud be ihe deaih of me, Juh. y, to leave the ould placa'. (whin!ng) 'how can ye ask s ich a thling cfa pý,r ghost I' 'No bones till you swear, Paddy,' ' Well, thin-I'm all on a bro*n sweat with fright- 1 Johnny, have pity. Y Well thi, I IWear.' Sa I made him swear by all the powers I could hink of; then I got him his bso.es, which -he clap ed oinin a greit tiry. ulnd rtised out of the door, not forgetting, however, a lie sped p.'ethetable tore siz holl olthe .whisky-bittle aind.lin, it at my heal as he vsaniheJ. I dodged the b.tlle a id esc.tpe,. but somehsi-v i b icking to Hvoid it. I tumb:ed over t;.e ch .ir and hit my head aoniut the floor stunning myself, I think. At all eveiits tlhere.I lay f r ..ours. i .d when I woke up. it was broad Il, y. I was very cold, for the fire was burnt out. PFr a few minutes I cialJlu' recoll,'et where I was ir what had happened, aud only fel: that I hid H crioeking healiche t;:ist the saiht of ltha brok-n bautle on the floor brought the whole thing baok to me. " Well, sir, I trusted to 'Pa dy's oith, and wen and to,?k the farm that day." continued the Yorkshireman with another of those ihnnoruos flashes or his eye; " an I've lived in the house ever since, nor h.ve we seen ,lr O'Sinammahly dligii or any of his.gre-lt -elliv, s. I fact,some ufnyscepticalfrieods, when I tell thliem the story, will .have ii dial I never sao him at all, hut eot dru k whii whisky, lt ibled down, and dremedi the wnole thing. But then, sir, I ask them how they got oertheliea achitoud tihubroknbai' to T'llee were le a. anisdo. sir, I leIaveyou to tfo: yoi ri ivi judgmeili; buh if yo., like to turn aside for a day. or two wiih me, I can prominie yo some g.ld rabbit shlotmi, and te eci0auce'or teeiilg P.tlric t15'bhas mahoy for osurelr "-S'_S f'eeLs 3MfaLune.. : 