The Advertiser. TUESDAY, MAY 27, 1873. The telegram which we publish else-<*> where indicates an approaching straggle in France, the issue of which it is difficult to forecast. The Monarchists are making a posh for the aupreme power, and they evidently Irish to get rid of M. Thiers as President. Whether they will succeed in tins attempt seems at present some what doubtful. If they do, then France will show herself very ungrateful to the man who haa done bo mHch for her since the conquest of Paris and the establish ment of a Republic But political grati tude is not a virtue in which Frenchmen exoaL In Che hour of the nation's greatest extremity M. Thiera oame to the front, assumed the leading position, was to a considerable extent -treated-by the people, and has worked like a galley ■lave io_Euae the nation from the de graded position into which it had fallen. He established a Government on the basis of a moderate Republic, which bo far has done" its work well. Large ■urns of monny havn boon raised to pay off the war indemnity; and in the course of a few_monihs the aoO of France will j be free from the foot of the conqueror. ' The work which H. Thins has had to accomplish has not been an easy ene. He has been traversed and thwarted at every step. He has had to watch the intrigues of the Imperialists, the Red Republicans, tiu> Orieanists, and the older Bourbons ; but so £ar-he has been a match for the whole of them. The Reds gave France too piquant a taste of I their quality daring their fajrttays' rul^ in Paris to iMnjya wimjii flHT*?" in their j judgment or their actiorja. The Im-! peria&ats; were, nowhere in the race for power. Whatever remote chance they might have had was lost wW?n the dark shadow of death fell upon the " man of | December" at Chislehurst,1 and the ad toilet* «f Mm ffrnapartas nurnrl not put forward the claim* of the .Emperor's, son to the Throne of France. The Odeanista have undoubtedly been the strongest <enemiai M. Thiera has had to contend against. Their Princes were medacate men who could restrain their ambition so uto wait the tide of events, meanwhile woridng quietly through an influential Section of the National As sembly. The .Chamboraists alone have never.-had 4he ghost of a chance, and whatever influence they have exerted has been through attempted coalitions with the Orieanists. M. Thiers was a quarter of a century ago Louis Philippe's favorite Minister, and daring the long saiga of Napoleon he remained true to Jhe interests of his old r**sstnr ""^ bis family. The JSmperor could never bribe Thiers over to his Bide. It was only after the abdication that the "little man in spectacle*" oame from his retirement to give what service he yet possessed to bis country. We all re member how during the-last weeks of the war he wandered about from Court to Court to ask for aympathyandhelp for poor France. And when a 1 stable Government was required Jib was oaned to the front, trusted, for the moment at least, by all parties. He was then an old man of ever seventy, but he cheerfully placed his services ait the disposal of his bleeding country. There can be but little doubt that the Orleaaiste relied on his passive, if not active, aid in re-establishing the dynasty of their family; bat the old man was bravaly true to the Republic &/<«&. He was not a Republican in sentiment. His sympatiuee were all with a Constitu tional Monarchy. But he sacrificed bis own preferences for what he believed to be the beat interests of his country. France would not have the Orleaaist?, and would have the Republic; and to maintain the Republic haa been the great endeavor of M. Thiers. libra than once an abortive attempt has .been made at a "fusion" between the elder and the younger faTw^aff of the Bourbons. The Oompto de Cfoambord, who calls himself Henri the Fifth, was, however, such an obstinate man—the very type of the Bourbons, who never learnt wisdom through experience—that any cause he touched was sure to faiL IX Monarchy was to have any chance, therefore, it was through die sons of. Louis Philippe, and these Princes were wise enongh to bide their lime. 'Meanwhile the Government of M. Thiera was acknowledged even by him self to be only provisional until the nation ■should have an opportunity of speaking oat at the general election. The ground taken by the President was—that &:Was for France herself to say what form her future Government should as sume. While aha remained a Republic, with Tw?M««if «t her head, he would honestly maintain Hie form of Govern ment already established. He has, during his administration, had to fight all parties to "HMntyii; Republic. TT« had to mediate between contending parties, restraining some and encouraging «thers; and his possession of power haa brought him more than the ordinary anxieties'which always attend its posses sion—especially in France. It appears -now-that a crisis is approaching. Our jwiagrm, published on Monday infni^niyl us that two of the Ministers had resigned, and that their resignations had been ac cepted. These «rare Baron de Goulard and M. Jules Simon; and following on this we find that a number of {the Orieanists and Legitimists have combined to attempt tiie overthrow of M. Thiers, and to nominate the Due d'Aumale as Presi dent of the Republic, and a trusted mes senger, the Due de Rochefoucault, had gone to Vienna to obtain the consent of the head of the Bourbons to the nomina tion. The Due d'Aumale is the fourth son of the late Louis Philippe, and is ■ considered to be the ablest man of his . family. He pursued an active career ' during the reign of his father, and on the Revolution of 1848 he retired to Bnglaad, where he has since resided. As heir of the princely house of Conde1 he possesses an ample fortune, and his whole career has shown that he is not without ambition. Should he, with the assistance of the Oompte de Chambord, succeed M. Thiers aa President of the Republic, it will, of course, be with ulterior designs on the throne. An Orleans Prince, sup ported by a Bourbon Pretender, will not be content to remain a simple Pre sident, if he can by any safe means re- establish the Monarchy. His preten sions, therefore, threaten mischief to the Republic. There are, however, both amongst the moderate Republicans and the Reds, tome able men, who will watch aud oppose his game to the utmost of their ability- Much will depend on the course taken by President Thiers. If he is wil ling to retire to make way for the oon of his old master, the move may be a suc cessful one; if not, he will be supported by a considerable body of able men in the National Assembly, and probably by the most orderly of the French people. Time—perhaps a very short time—will show. 