THE LAST MAN.* BY THOMAS CAMPBELL. All worldly shapes shall melt in gloom, The Sun himself must die, Before this mortal shall assume Its Immortality! I saw a vision in my sleep, That gave my spirit strength to sweep Adown the gulf of Time! I saw the last of human mould That shall Creation's death behold, As Adam saw her prime! The Sun's eye had a sickly glare, The Earth with age was wan The skeletons of nations were Around that lonely man! Some had expired in fight — the brands Still rusted in the bony hands, In plague and famine some! Earth's cities had nor sound nor tread! And ships were drifting with the dead To shores where all was dumb! Yet, prophet-like that lone one stood, With dauntless winds and high, That shook the sere leaves from the wood As If a storm passed by, Saying, We are twins in death, proud Sun! Thy face is col, thy race is run, 'Tis mercy bids thee go; For thou ten thousand thousand years Hast seen the tide of human tears That shall no longer flow. What though beneath thee man put forth Ills pomp, his his pride, his skill; And arts that made fire, flood and earth The vassals of his will?— Yet mourn I not thy parted sway, Thou dim discrowned king of day; For all these trophiced arts And triumph that beneath thee sprang, Healed not a passing or a pang Entailed on human hearts. Go, let oblivion's curtain fall Upon the stage of men, Not with thy rising beams recall Life's tragedy again; Its piteous pageants bring nor back. Nor waken flesh, upon the rack Of pain anew to writhe; Stretched in disease's shapes abhorred, Our mown in battle by the sword, Like grass beneath the scythe. Even I am weary in yon skies To watch thy fading fire; Test of all sumless agonies, Behold not me expire, My lips that speak thy dirge of death — Their rounded grasp and gurgling breath To see thou shalt not boast, The eclipse of Nature spreads my pall, The majesty of Darkness shall Receive my parting ghost! This spirit shall return to Him Who gave Its heavenly spark; Yet think not, Sun, it shall be dim When thou thyself art dark! No! It shall live again, and shine In bliss unknown to beams like thine, By Him recalled to breath, Who captive led captivity, Who robbed the grave of victory — And took the sting from Death! Go, Sun, while Mercy holds me up On Nature's awful waste To drink this last and bitter cup Of grief that man shall taste — Go, toll the night that hides thy face, Thou saw at the last of Adam's race, On Earth's sepulchral clod, The darkening universe defy To quench his Immortality, Or shake his trust in God! * Now republished by particular request. NEVER "POP" ON HORSEBACK.—A Now Yorker writes about popping the question on horseback as though he had been there:—"Don't do it; it's the most awkward place to pop in the world. If you're rejected, you can't got away; if you're accepted, you can't embrace. Horses don t understand that, and by the time you got your hands around her the confounded animal pulls you apart; and if you attempt to kiss, you are joggled up and down all over the whole counten- ance, kissing the nose and chin more than any other place. 