\- T. L." IN REPLY, To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sir, — Since you have si eu good to honor the communication signed with tho above initials with a leader, in large., type, a highly resnected correspondent c m scarooly do otherwise than repay such a dis'iuction with some iuquiiy whether t'ae logioal faoulty and moral sense of the editor have served him to better purpose. Really the editor ought to be grateful to " T. L."' for haviDg helped him to a far more spicy article than is the general run of tboie productions. But first lot us clear awav a ft w cobwebs from the point at issue. You appear to me most dimly lo approach, if not a t gi ihi-r to miss, ihe" principle underiyiug the protest of this letter. At the risk of 3ume repetition, lei me say,— it is to affirm that law is for justice". It (the law) serves its purpose, and answers i:s end only as it measures out tp delinquents lHo puuiallLuyills una iu lucii uadtuldoi a« as supposed to be arm-.d with a'l Ihe power necessary tr render tin sent- n"e effective, aud not allow it to be a powerless decree — a dead letter. Ab yet, it will m.t he contended that human law, either iu conception or execu tion, is the equivalent of justice. Now, wo are at oue iu allowiug the justice of tho sen tence. In some half- dozen places iu your strictures upon my letter you admit this. In truth, glancing at your nrticles on this subj ct, your appear to be positively iu some nervous fear, lest you should he supp .sM to hold uu- sound views on tho orimo with which these men are identified, with such varied expres sion from your eopia verboram do yon stig matize it. If I were on the qui vive for in consistencies, and Ihe point were not 1e side that with which I am now dealing, 1 should most gravely ask, " How you reconcile tho righteousness of a sentence of 15 years penal servitude with weakness rather than wicked ness ?" Pray, what can be the basis of that code which awards such a punishment to "thoughtless" wickedness into which thasemen were " dragged and dragooned." Either you or the jury and Judge Stawell are wrong. Justice 1 I should call it barbarity ; oriminals deserving penal servitude 1 Nay, ra;lier the victims of a cruel persecution. But this by the way. To the extent that the sentence oau be shown to be unduly severe, to that extent is the protest of my letter robbed of its force. But you have again and again allowed it to be just. How, then, I should like to kuow, can a laches, an infoimality, a blunder cmisfd through the pride or carelessness of law officers give criminals a right to evade justice? Thisis thepoiutto which you should have given yonr strength, hut upon which you have not written a line, save to affirm they ought to benefit by tho. blunder. A bluuder that for the while has trampled in the dust the sacred- ness of justice, that has discredited one of Ihe most fundamental elein-nts of good government, viz., the cerlainty that tho sword will be u3ed, aud not merely flourished. That is a positive wrong t > society j this apparently constitutes their right. Beyond a certain pity I have failed to discover any evi dence in support of this right. I do not say hut what some evidence might not ho urged, I can conceive of a plea on the ground of justice hut as I have an answer to that, and it has not been nrgcd, I do not deal with it. Now, if the moral sense which prompted tho language of condemnation, had not in some strange way faltered, instead of going out in an appeal for the prisoners, it would have demanded that best endeavors of the . Government be put forth to find means to remedy a blunder for which they seem io be responsible. Your mislake is, in one breath, a; proving of the judgment ; in the next, becoming partial y counsel for tho prisontrs — a two- fold relation which a Philadelphian lawyer might reconcile, but which puzzles ' T. L." Now, as to particular crit'cisms. Tho only possible ground for your charge of " disen- genuousness aud attempting to draw au un truthful inference," is iu the el.i sification of Mount and Mor: is with Mui ray. I did not intend by this any thing more than what you seem to allow, in granting that they were pro bably particepcs criminis. But let me remind you the jury wished to Lring in a verdict of ' aegravated manslaughter" against Morris. Your susceptibilities seemed to ho stirred by a few questions I ask, in order to put the question at issue in a forceful way. But perhaps it is to yonr ere "it that they were moved as they were, by stumbling ovoy a term I used. Why introduce the theological element, and, for the nonce, ohango the editor's into the preacher's desk ? The term "atone" is rightly used in the sense of expiation, by boariug the punishment in flicted. The criminal is " at one " with the law when he has suffered the ponalty it imposed. I have simply dealt with tho civil aspect of this case and not the divine. I cannot see a " sneer " in these sentences. If I were asked to interpret the sentiment, I should say it were " indignation " rather than " contempt." There follows, then, in your attempt to read the spirit of these sentences, a phrase which is the m03t objectionable in your strictures, inasmuch as it is used (iu the sense which youinsinua e) " offors.vely." There is more of truth in the phrase " gospel of damnation" than you seem to be aware of. In the sense you intend it to convey, it is a eon- tradiction in terms. In the sime in which I accept tho faith you thus describe, I nm', if language means aught reckon y u a fellow be liever, or else what do you mean two lines below by " abhorring tho crime." If abhorrence does not entail condemnation, I dou't know tho meaniug of the term. This is a doctrine, though not the gosjiel oi damnation. It re quires to go deeper in its estimate of sin, ere it becomes " gospel" or " glad tidings." I am a believer in a "gospel of damnation," he- cause it is the necessary complement of the " gospel of salvation." The latter is so par tially received, beoause the former is so foebly believed. Many know but the 3hadow of the one, because they hold but the ghost of the other. The sentence you complain of as a sneer against a noble profession, is bat the simple statement of a fact if taken in the limitations indicated, ex-hypothesi it is of counsel for the defence of criminals. He may kvow and see clearly his olient is guilty, but he is bound to do his best, and that best aims at nothing less (if possible, than the release oi the gniity. Pray, what is this hut " through law to thwart jus tice ?" Suppose that he he sharp and clear, and his opponent dull, the probability is he will succeed. This is all that is meant, and your championship of the noble members of the fraternity ia beside the maik. Now, since I was so »mbifcuous in my closing sentence, pray why did you not take warning, and strive to he a little more lucid and relevant? The " glorious uncertainty" of the existing code might have suggested some other explanation than "Lynch law iu its "worst form," and sinoe I spoke of the Government, and yonr highly respected cor respondent is at present unconnected with that body, it is a little difficult to see how this law could be carried out under his impulse and men like him. This letter has already extended itself beyond the limits intended. I shall, in conclusion, just add that if you will study and rightly interpret the incident recorded in Numbers 25 ohap., verses 6 to 14, from the "antiquitios of the people," to whom we owe much that is most valuable in our codes you will see a striking comment on Lynch law in its best form. This read as I conceive it should he, will bring you into nearer accord with Yours. &c..; T. L. 