The Wallaroo Times. WALLAROO : SATURDAY, AUGUST 30, 1873. MR INSPECTOR GALBRAITH has departed his official life, it may be presumed, under the Government of South Australia. We say it may be presumed, because the present is not the only occasion upon which Mr Galbbaith has been officially reported to have quitted the service. There was a lawsuit once in connection with his employ under the Government, and he then obtained a substantial verdict. Singularly, the incidents of the case, upon which he was successful at law, were not dissimilar to thojpe upon which the Commission of Inquiry has this year reported against him. No one can fail to see some connection between the two cases ; although it must be admitted that the verdict of the jury in the first was a correct interpretation of the evidence. In the latter the verdict of the jury—a special one, consisting of Messrs BED- DOME, S.M., LEWIS, Collector of Customs, and C. BONNEY—is against Mr GAL- BRAITH ; and, after reading the evidence adduced, it is impossible to conceive how other could have been the result. In this instance Mr GALBRAITH seems to us to have been singularly unlucky. No doubt the proverb that the "pitcher often goes to the well but gets broken at last" holds true to this day. To us it does not ap- pear that he was a "sinner above all the Galileans." Upon him, through adroit management, the Tower of Siloam has fallen; and that is all. Very probably the commercial travellers, when they pre- sented a Government employee with a gold watch for at all events keeping in side the pale of his duty, did him a real injury. It is an open and notorious fact that under the regime of the late Inspector the provisions of the Licensed Victuallers' Act were not carried out in their entirety. The Act was administered just as if dis- cretionary power rested with the In- spector. No-one outside the pale could tell why the licenses of some houses were opposed whilst others of infinitely worse pretensions passed as a matter of course. This much we have said before; but, as usual, without avail. It is of little use in this colony pointing to an evasion of duty on the part of an official—unless he be very low indeed. Mr GALBRAITH, we are quite certain, need feel nothing more than the loss of pay for a few months. He may be appointed to some other place as soon as he comes out of quaran- tine. The rule is so with Cabinet Ministers, and, therefore, it might well apply to heads of departments. Only those Government servants are unfortu- nate who, whilst too low in the scale, follow the example of their superiors. The Parliamentary return of the pro- ceedings re the Galbraith Commission may be divided into three parts. There is of course, first the charge. We in- tend to pass over the peculiar nature of the Commission of Inquiry of which Mr LEWIS, who seems to have a son-in-law a brewer's traveller, was one; and Mr BONNEY, who seems to be able to report upon everything—runs, farms, railroads, mines, inspectors, &c.;—is another, and proceed to notice the charge which was preferred by Seppelt's traveller—Mr FIVEASH. "We do not presume that any one could read Mr FIVEASH'S evidence and come to the conclusion that zeal for the" public welfare prompted his action. Mr SEPPELT is, we all know, a distiller of of colonial spirits, and a manufacturer of liqueurs, &c.; Some three or four years ago there was a dispute about some rum, alleged to be SEPPELT'S, at the inn of Mrs BENTLEY, of Clare, and Mr GAL- BRAITH instituted the proceedings. Mr SEPPELT, as Mr FIVEASH admits, sells something labelled "old Irish whisky," &c.;, and from this fact we are left to draw our own inferences. Mr FIVEASH wrote a letter against Mr GALBRAITH, which he admitted was first subjected to legal revision, and then published. From all this, we take it, a very fair idea may be gathered of what was the animus of the charge. And, let it be recollected that Mr GALBRAITH was in a position which it was peculiarly easy for his enemies to combine and hoist him from. The petty sum which he was accused of receiving would be, without difficulty, raised for the purpose. But the old de- fence "it is such a very little one," has long been laughed out of court. Next we come to the evidence. Mr FIVEASH stated that he was informed bv persons, whose names lie gaye, that Mr GALBRAITH levied blackmail. Mr GOODMAN HART—not one of the best witnesses it would be possible to con- ceive of—volunteered the statement that he had been canvassed by Mr GALBRAITH. had refused, and lost his license. After this Mr J. MOYLE, of Auburn, deposed similarly and then Messrs WANSTELL, HOOPER, LOGAN, and FITZGERALD, de- posed to having been mulcted. Then there was the evidence of a Mr GIBSON that Mr WEHRSTEDT had spoken of giving the Inspector £3. Mr GALBRAITH, during the inquiry was attended by his solicitor, Mr A. G. DOWNER ; but the evidence of the witnesses on behalf of the prosecution was not to be shaken. No one can read it and entertain any doubt of the truth of the charge. Why Mr GALBRAITH was attended by bis solicitor does not appear. Usually he has been considered a match, for more than one average lawyer in the colony; and rumour says that at one time, before being in Victoria, he was in a solicitor's office. He has, we are scarcely permitted to doubt, drafted more than one brief. And his defence, acute as it undoubtedly was, had a professional tone about it. Many innkeepers of the highest standing in the colony deposed that they had given him no present or bribe, nor had they been solicited for such. Their testimony was unanimous on the point. And, again, we cannot doubt that they spoke the truth. But then, we can scarcely avoid asking ourselves the question what their evidence was worth. There are certain well conducted hotels in the colony, the landlords of which would laugh at the idea of giving the Inspector a bribe. He, they well know, would never dream of opposing their licenses. No one but a fool would con- ceive of the idea of asking them for money; and the late Inspector, whatever he may have been, was by no means a fool. Of what value, we should like to ask, in such a case, could be the evidence of Mr HORNABROOK of the York Hotel, Mr TREW of the Hamburg, or that of Mr ALDRIDGE of the Priuce Alfred ? In this case the evidence of the landlords of houses with not the highest repute, would, very possibly, be more to the point than that of landlords of houses that it would be absurd for any Inspector to oppose licenses for. Every one knows that Mr G. HART would be a much more likely subject for a corrupt Inspector to solicit a present from, on account of his license, than Mr HORNABROOK. This leads us to another phrase in the story. Mr GALBRAITH managed, in less than three days, to obtain the signatures of 300 licensed victuallers—men living all over the colony—to a testimonial in his favor. As the hotelkeepers who drew up the memorial properly but thought- lessly remarked, it was only resolved upon one Friday night. Consequently, the inference, which we know to be cor- rect, is a fair one, that most of the signa- tures were obtained on the Sunday. Many persons would reflect, on seeing these signatures, that Mr GALBRAITH had been, doing a very good stroke of business. According to evidence he re- ceived from £1 to £5 from several publi- cans. The query that arises from this is, How much were, his perquisites worth per annum ? There is no one on the Peninsula, who has been at all behind the scenes will believe that the verdict of the Commission was, according to evidence, not a correct one. But, then, is it not a matter to be deplored, that 300 men, occupying respectable positions, should put their hands to memorial, whilst many of them know that it is calculated to convey a wrong impression ? This brings us to the written reply of Mr GALBRAITH—one that if we were not acquainted to some extent with Mr GAL- BRAITH's legal knowledge, we should sup- pose to have been drawn up by a solicitor. It has only one fault; and that is one which would be manifest to even an amateur frequenter of Courts of Justice. It attempts too much—a mistake amateur lawyers are peculiarly liable to. Our meaning may be made clear in a few lines. The best defence a prisoner can set up is an alibi; but, should he attempt this, his proof should be irrefragable. The slight- est flaw in one link of the chain destroys the whole. Mr GALBRAITH'S remarks respecting the "Fine Old Irish Whisky," "Fine Old Jamaica Sum," and "Fine Old English Gin," sold by Mr FIVEASH are worthy of attention. No doubt, as we have frequently pointed out, a large quantity of spirit that is simply liquid poison is retailed in the colony. If the temperance people would try and effect a rectification of this evil they would do much more good than there is any pros- pect they will ever attempt. One hotel keeper seems to have told Mr GALBRAITH that he sold colonial spirits in one year, to more than half the amount paid duty for in the entire colony. It was in the power of Mr GALBRAITH, more than of any other man, to obtain a correction of the abuse under which the spirit-drinking public groans ; but, in only one instance that we know of, did he attempt it. Had he done so he would have obtained a moral support even in this, his hour of trial, from all classes of the community; but he did not. We do not argue that colonial spirits are bad; but new spirit is essentially unfit to drink. According to his own evidence he could have received mouey if he would ; that the Commis- sioner of Public Works expressed au opinion of his guilt prior to his trial may be the case; but in our judgment his own defence, atid his subsequent admis sion that he received, Mr WEHRSTEDT'S cheque, payable to "change " for £3, in change, clinches the charge. It is to be hoped that his successor, who has clearly moved into the position to escape discharge, may do better. I In the Assembly, on Thursday, the debate on the second reading, of the Education Bill was adjourned for one week. Messes P. Coglin, W. Sandover, and R. D. Ross are candidates for the vacancy in the Legis- lative Council, caused by the decease of the Hon. J. C. Neales. We are requested by the auctioneer, Mr G. T. Crutchett, to direct attention to his sale this day of a buggy, harness, horses, &c.;, at Mr Hartigan's yards, Moonta. We observe that a meeting is called for Monday evening, at the Globe Hotel, Port Wallaroo, to consider the desirability of forming a branch at Wallaroo of the Kadina Political Association. His Excellency the Governor has accepted the invitation forwarded to him to lay the founda- tion stone of the Anglican Church, at Moonta. The Committee of the Church met on Friday evening to arrange for the ceremony. MR. J. H. RIGGS, J.P., sub-Protector of Aborigines, has been appointed warden of the goldfieids, vice Mr Peterswald, transferred. In the Blue Book Mr Riggs, who was appointed in 1872, appears as a clerk at £160 per annum. MR. E. H. DERRINGTON, J.P., held an inquest on Friday at the Miners' Arms, Moonta, on the body of Anne Armstrong, cook at the hotel. A verdict was returned of death from natural causes. WE understand that several cases are set down for hearing at the Kadina Local Court, on Wed- nesday. Mr Wadey from town is to appear in one, and he advertises that he may be consulted prior to the Court day at the office of Mr A. Saunders, Kadina. WE understand that a requisition in favor of Mr R. D. Rss for the vacancy in the Legislative Council is being very numerously signed in town and in various parts of the colony. It is believed that Mr Ross will very probably comply with the "wishes' of the requieitionists. We have been favored with a telegram, re- ceived from Clare, by the Secretary to the Moor- undie Copper Mining Cempany, from Mr J. Assheton, reporting that at the mine all is look- ing very well, and that samples of the ore being raised will be brought to the Peninsula. An inquest was held at Moonta, on Tuesday, before Mr E. H. Derrington, J.P., on the body of the child named Field, who was drowned on Monday by falling into a tank at the Cross Roads. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. In Parliament, on Tuesday, the Commissioner of Public Works said he hoped to place on the table, at a very early date, the Bill for a railway to the Northern Areas. Any district in the colony, it would appear, must have preference of the Peninsula, no matter what Government is in power. The Hon. Thomas Reynolds has resigned his seat in Parliament as member for Encounter Bay, intending to proceed to the Northern Territory and commence business as a general commission agent. When the Speaker announced the resig- nation, on Thursday, expressions of regret were given by several leading members of the House. ABSURDITY can scarcely go farther than this. The Geelong Advertiser, a daily newspaper, actually urges that the various colonies should unite in a petition to the Imperial Government to prevent South Australia making a railway across the continent without consulting her neighbors. We would direct attention to an advertisement appearing in our business columns convening a Special General Meeting of the Wallaroo Bay. Cricket Club, to be held on Monday evening-, September 1, at the Ship Inn, Wallaroo, at half- past Eight o'Clock. At a meeting held on Friday evening it was agreed to play the return match with the Wallaroo Mine Club on Wednesday, September 3. THE Government of Victoria has forwarded the terms upon which South Australia may partici- pate in the Ocean Postal Contract. Towards the cost of the detour to Glenelg the colony will have to pay £3,000, then 6d per letter, and 1d upon each newspaper posted; also 1d per oz. for every packet. The calculation is that a slight saving will be effected on the present arrange- ment. Provision will have to be made for land- ing the mails at Glenelg. On Tuesday the Commissioner of Public Works the Hon. H. E. Bright will move "That it is desirable to introduce a Bill for constructing a line of railway from Port Broughton eastward, in the direction of the Broughton Extended Area. That it is desirable to introduce a Bill for con- structing a line of railway from Port Wakefield to Kadina. That it is desirable to introduce a Bill for constructing a line of railway from Hoyleton northwards. That it is desirable to introduce a Bill for the construction of a line of railway from Port Pirie in the direction of Crystal Brook Area. At the Moonta Police Court, on Wednesday, Charles Colson was charged with stealing a gold watch from Mr Hartigan's Hotel, the property of Mr Jas. Chenoweth, who had lost the same whilst sleeping on the bench in the bar. The prisoner was committed for trial. On Thursday, September 27, he was charged with stealing a gold watch and chain from a man named Wallis, who had been drunk in the township. As the watch could not be found the charge was dismissed. The prosecutor appeared to have been drunk at the time he lost the watch. PORT WALLAROO, in one respect, bids fair to compare favorably with Kapunda, although that is a much older township. The fine building that is being erected for an Institute in this town, will contain a spacious and lofty hall, a library with class, and reading rooms. At Kapunda an Institute was erected some few years ago, and this it is now proposed to mortgage in order that with the borrowed money a hall suitable for public meetings may be built. At a special meeting of subscribers to the Institute this was resolved upon last Friday. We would direct attention to a change, notified in our business columns, in the departure of passenger carriages on the Kadina, Moonta, and Wallaroo Railway. On Wednesdays, we are glad to observe, an additional carriage will run between Kadina and Wallaroo at mid-day. This change was much required, and will be highly appreciated by the travelling public. Hitherto a person who could not leave by the 12 o'clock 'bus had to wait till four o'clock, whereas after Wednesday he will be able to leave at 1.30, if that time should prove convenient. There is also an improvement in the arrangement by virtue of which a pas- senger from Moonta will be allowed one hour at Wallaroo in the mid-day. The Government suffered a damaging defeat on Tuesday in the Assembly. The Northern Territory Bill was read a second time, but only on the condition that it should be extensively remodelled. The appointments made are to be of a temporary nature, and unless the Attorney General should succeed in importing this feature into the Bill, its third reading will be opposed. To us it has always appeared that the Govern- ment might have avoided much useless complica- tion by not offering the appointments until the Bill had been passed, and we cannot understand Mr Downer accepting office until this was the case. Supposing, after all, the Bill should not be carried through the House—a by no means improbable contingency—Mr Downer will have placed him self in a false position. We extract the following from the speech of Mr J. Clark against Free Immigration, at the Town Hall, on Monday evening:—"He believed in no other part of South Australia was a larger amount of wealth produced by the same number of people than on Yorke's Peninsula. Two years ago there was a great outcry there for labor ; but since the mines had become further developed the owners had increased the men's wages, and anyone who reads the Yorke's Peninsula papers would see that miners were constantly arriving there, and the two members for Yorke's Penin- sula formed one-half of the minority who went against this vote. (Hear, hear.) If the people of Wallaroo found sufficient man-power for their wants; what was to prevent other parts of the colony doing likewise ?" "Atticus," in the Melbourne Leader, is rough on the Northern Territory. He says :—Port Darwin is progressing. Some enterprising persons have been found bold enough to think of starting a newspaper. In the meantime a manuscript journal has been issued under the title of the Palmerston Free Press. It consists of one sheet of quarto letter paper, with a half-sheet supple- ment, and is sold at one shilling per number. The editor, in his appeal to the public, says :— "We are prepared to stand or fall by their deci- sion ; if favourable, we will soar triumphant be- neath ethereal skies till the crack of doom. If we fail, we are content to abide by the issue, and throw ourselves, as Curtius in the Roman Forum did of old, into the fathomless abyss and yawn- ing chasm of obscurity, there to meet with the fate we deserve for our presumption, locked from the world by bolts freshly forged from the hands of Vulcan, and guarded by the treble-headed dog Cerberus in the nethermost recesses of Hades." There is evidently no scarcity of case gin at Pal- merston. MAJOR HEATH, who has just returned from a visit overland to Apollo Bay, gives (the Geelong Advetiser [sic] says) in very glowing account of the scenery of the coast and the resources of the Cape Otway. During his week's sojourn he passed over many miles of forest country that had probably never been traversed by man before. The timber he saw was something magnificent, trees from fifteen to twenty feet in diameter, too unwieldy for the sawyer or splitter, and with straight trunks from eighty to 100 feet in length. Only the smaller class of trees have been cut, and for convenience the sawyers erect platforms to en- able them to cut them through at a height of 10 or 12 feet above the ground. From one of these one of the fencers employed by him has obtained a mile of fencing posts and rails. So much timber from a single tree would be deemed almost incredible were it not that the gallant major is prepared to prove it to any one who will take the trouble of visiting the recesses of the forests where such timber exists. Some of the ferns reach a height of twenty or thirty feet, and from the centre of one of these Mr Heath withdrew a musk plant, of vigorous growth, fully a foot in height. Some very beautiful flowering trees and shrubs are described to be at present in bloom along the portion of the coast described. The following Stock Exchange anecdote reaches us from a reliable source:—Every man has his price. Not one hundred years, but within one hundred weeks ago, a deputation from the great copper Peninsula of this colony waited upon a certain citizen of Adelaide, whom, for convenience sake, we shall call Mr Pecksniff, requesting him to allow his name to be inserted as a promoter in the prospectus of a newly discovered copper mine, wh ch it was intended to put upon the market to obtain capital to work it, and for the use of such name they tendered Mr P. 100 of their own free or promoter's shares. Mr Peck- sniff, like the original of his cognomen, drew, him- self up and told the deputation that situated as he was, and being connected with a well-known body as he is, and looked up to and consulted so constantly by so very many as regards good things to go into that really he could not for a moment think of allowing his name to appear to a prospectus of this kind for a paltry 100 free shares, but that if the gentlemen would make it 200, why——. One of the deputation hereupon nudged the others, and acted as spokesman by saying, "We will talk the matter oyer outside, Mr Pecksniff, and give you our answer in a few minutes." They then withdrew, and decided at once not to have Mr P. at any price at all, and advised him so at once. The company was floated and, we understand, bids fair to become a prosperous mine. The report of the Auditor-General upon the Public Accounts contains the following passing strange paragraph :—"Having discovered that, in order to delay the issue of Treasury Bills, the Hon. Treasurer had resorted to borrowing in the shape of a six per cent, overdraft at a Bank; and not only 60, but the unauthorised arrangement had been effected in a manner so out of the ordinary range of the Public Finance, that in the absence of any advice I did not (and could not) know anything of the transaction for a consider able period, and then only in a peculiar way—I first secured a cessation of the arrangements, and then reported the matter as in my opinion a very dangerous stretch of authority. But my efforts at performing what seems to me positive auditorial duty were completely slighted through out (to characterize what occurred very mildly) ; and as yet—though still prosecuting the enquiry —I am without any admission of the error (sought for precedent's sake), or attempt at justi- fication of the course adopted." This, of course, refers to the late Treasurer, Mr Barrow, who, on Wednesday, attempted an explanation of the matter. The hon. member admitted the over- draft, and pleaded that it was a very "little one." Then he claimed the right of the Treasurer to borrow money at the Bank if he thought proper. This is a point that we should judge might be argued. And be strongly condemned the Auditor-General for writing such a report. Possibly the Auditor-General might have worded his paragraph in a different manner and thus have improved it. But we certainly do think that Mr Hitchen was perfectly justified in report- ing the circumstance. The discussion on Wednesday ended by the documents relating to the subject being called for. The Register says:— "On Wednesday evening, August 27, Dr Fisher, who has recently accepted. an urgent invitation to enter upon the practice of his profession at Kadina, was entertained at a dinner at the York Hotel by a number of his friends, including members of the Ministry and of Parliament, representatives of the medical profes- sion, and other gentlemen. Mr Townsend, M.P., presided, and the vice-chair was occupied by Mr Bray, M P. The dinner was worthy of the repu- tation of the York, and the wines were of the choicest description. The proceedings were alto- gether destitute of formality, the only toasts hon- oured being those of "The Queen," and "The Guest of the Evening." In proposing the latter the Chairman alluded regretfully to the departure of Dr Fisher, who had ever shown himself to be a high-minded, straightforward, honourable man, and who, in going away reevered for the time his connection with a large circle of friends. Dr Fisher, in his reply, expressed his sincere gratifi- cation at the fluttering and unexpected compli- ment paid him. He stated that he had only con- sented to leave the city after being strongly im- portuned to do so by the people of Yorke's Penin- sula. He did not know, whether, the change would prove agreeable to him but should it not he would resume without regret his place in Ade- laide, where be had spent one of the pleasantest periods of his life." Dr Fisher, we may add, quits the position of medical officer to the Dry Creek Labor Prison, to which was I attached the salary of £250 per annum. To this he was ap- pointed on Dec. 1, 1861. THE emu (says the Wagga Wagga, Expres [sic]) is beginning to assert a right to his "native heath" with an amount of force that, proves how much he has been benefitted by civilisation. An instance of the energetic resistence which the bird attempts to any further encroachment of humanity upon its dominion recently occurred on Bullenbong Plains. Mr Robins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plains in question on Friday last when he came upon a flock of about 30 emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of they manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him, a portion made a more in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With steady and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu—a patri- archal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground, which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blackfellow. Mr Robins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their ap- proach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about 80 yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somer- sault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr Robins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was ap- prised of the fact by a well-directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards distance whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of "The Fool," from the back of the trap. "The Fool" considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr Robins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforcement, closed up, to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decoriously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr Robins secured to his trap, and skinned that night by his camp fire, but the others, owing to their weight, were allowed to re- main as memorials of the encounter. As far as we are able to judge by newspaper re- ports South Australia beats all the colonies at the International Exhibition in London.. The Anglo- Australian, writing in the European Mail says :— "Victoria shows quartz in which the gold may be easily traced, and there are some striking models on view of the Blanche Barkly and the Welcome nugget. She also exhibits iron ore, tin, gums, glue, stearine candles, and some capital specimens of pottery, earthenware, encaustic tiles, and printing and bookbinding. I hear that Mr Levey, is about to deliver a series of lectures in connection with these exhibits. South Australia has a very good show of gold, and a rich specimen of malachite. Her display of copper ores is first-rate:—some of the blocks weighing more than two tons. In wheat she is surpassingly rich, one sample weigh- ing over 69 lbs. to the bushel. Wines are not for- gotten, for all the vineyards in South Australia seem to be represented. The portrait of Sir James Fergusson, Bart., painted by Mr Sydney Hodges, and intended for the New University, occupies a prominent place in this division of the annexe. The taste and effact (sic) displayed in the arrangement of the several exhibits reflect great credit upon Mr Dutton aud his coadjutors. Though last, not least, comes New South Wales. She has been un- fortunate in having her exhibits delayed in transit. But siie makes a very creditable and imposing ap- pearance in articles of great mercantile value. She shows gold from Hawkin's Hill, and some speci- mens contributed by Sir Daniel Cooper, Bart. Then her coal excites the wonder and admiration of all who gaze upon it, and her tin, copper, and iron ores are highly suggestive of her mineral wealth. Those who desire to see a complete re- presentation of our finest wools will find a series of cases, prepared at the desire of Sir Charles Cowper, by Messrs Webster, Darvall and Co., in which the different grades and conditions are all noted and defined." The same journal, alluding to the colonial annexe, says:—"Though far less rich than Victoria in regard to gold, South Aus- tralia nevertheless excels in the Exhibition by showing real specimens to the value of £2,000. Their products are from eight different gold-fields. A very remarkable specimen of malachite, cer- tainly worth not lees than £100, is sent from the Burra Burra mine. The display of copper ores is magnificent, probably constituting the finest collection of the kind ever seen in Europe. Every variety is included, and some of the blocks weigh more than two tons. One block outside the building weighs as much as six tons. The average richness of the South Australian copper ores is about 25 per cent, while that of the Cornish copper ores is not more than 5 per cent. Some of the ores shown here are 90 percent, copper The ex- port of copper from South Australia is going on at the rate of £850,000 per annum taking the average of the last few years. Specimens of the pure copper of commerce, smelted in the colony, are shown by the English and Australian Copper Company, and by the Wallaroo Copper Smelting Company. There are also some beautiful ingots of bismuth, and some very rich specimens of iron ore, one huge block being almost like a mass of steel. The samples of wheat in this department are extremely fine, South Australia making her boast that in wheat she excels the world. Wool is of course represented in this part of the Exhi- bition. The exports of copper, wool and cereals from South Australia have lately averaged more than three millions sterling per annum. Sample bottles of wine are shown from about sixty differ- ent vineyards. 'The olive oil manufactured by the prisoners in her Majesty's gaol has been pro- nounced equal to tbe finest-oil from the Mediter- ranean. Several samples of this are shown. South Australia is also rich in preserved meats. In the New South Wales Court there is evidence of much care in the arrangements. Coal is a striking feature, and there are some capital specimens of tin, iron and copper ores. The wool shows well, and speaks volumes in favour of this great indus- try." 