Trial of a Band of Brigands (From the European Mail.) A TíiiAij has been going on at S'zearodin, in Hungary, tho extraordinary complicated and dramatic history of »hieb, is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst tho criminal records of all countries and opochs. Tho individuals involved may bo counted by hundreds - their crimes and offences by thousands ; and tho first arrests took place ¡13 far hack as ISM. Tho Lloyd of Pesth gives au outline of tho case uudcr the title of tho " Procès Sandor"-landor being the mimo of the chief of a baud of malefactors whose depredations and atrocities ruuilered thom the terror of Szcgodin and the surrounding district. It appears that, ever since ISfJO^ tho_ inhabitants of Hzegedin had becouio so terrified ia eonsuquoneu of tho daring exploits of Sandor's .band of brigands that they locked and barred themselves in their honans at dusk, and dared not to vonture into tho streets oveu during tho day without being armed with revolver* mid s wardst ick». Robberies, incendiary fires, and assassi nations were the order of tho day M. dn Kmlay ivas sent as a Royal Commissioner lo Szcgediu, t-.> put an end to this deplorable state of things M do Kinlay soon became convinced that not only .Szcgodin but thu whole eomilat ami the surrounding districts wero in tested by form-dablo companies of brigands, who^e or ganization was complete, nud their circle of action clearly dötiued. After careful and minuto inquiries tho I Royal Commissioner found, to his amazement., thnt a \ number of administrative and judicial func tionaries wero acting as accomplices of the various hinds of brigands-that even tho titled notabilities of tho district acted ns ? re covers of tho stolen property Crimes have been brought to light which wero perpetrated thirty years ago ; and un old mau of seventy was condemned some shori time ugo for a crime committed when ho was forty years of agc. Tho novel aud peculiarly " psychologi cal" system pursue.1 by tho Royal commissioner in order to fiud out the guilty parties amongst tho hundreds of individuals -n-rested is worth recording Thc prisoners I were completely isolated from tho rest of tho world during their confinement, and their eyes wero bound in order to preveut any conversation by signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. " Companions iu captivity," totally unknown to them, were placed iu the ! samo cells, who soon insinuated themselves into tho confidence of the prisoners, studied their I characters, mado themselves acquainted with j their secrets, and usod ali their efforts to bring about a fall confession. With regard io Sandor, tho royal commissioner himself succeeded iu getting n full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics of a most ingenious kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his reputation, and to he iu the habit of looking down upon his loss daring accomplices ns mero " purlovncrs of chickens," M. de Had ay ordered fr'nudor to fall upon his knees before his fellow-prisoners - tho small-fry of the band-whoso instructions were to reproach their chief with being a chicken-stealer like themselves. The ruse was perfectly successful : the proud Sandor s "honour" was mortally wounded, and the "brigand king" (as ho loved to stylo himself) immediately entered into a full confession of his long Eeries of crimes as well as those of his accomplices. The expedient re sorted to by tho royal commissioner in the caso of another famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor. was this: llajdor is known to bo exceedingly superstitious ; he is charged with having committed two murders, and insists upon asserting bis innocence. Ono evening, the examining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows : " John Bajdor, I cannot sleep on your account ; the ghost of Peter Bodri, whom you assassinated, appears beforo me every night, and threatens to haunt and tor ment me uutil such time as I shall have put the ropo with which you strangled your victim round your own neck ? On saying this, tho examining magistrate threw a ropo round Bajdor's neck, and orderen him to bo taken back to prison. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwithstanding his fifty nine criuieB, jumped up affrighted and rushed to wards tho door of his prison, crying for help, I This was tho moment tho examining magistrate ! had anxiously awaited ; he mudo his way into tho cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having 'murdered Houri anil his sou, but also to having committed r number of other heinous crimes. In consequence ol theso disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with tin ropes still rouud their uecks, wero discovered. Actiu'. on llnjdor's advice, a number of other prisoners hnv. made free confession of tho crimes they had committed all tho malefactors arrested, it must not be forgotten uro kept in tho utmost ignorance as t o the charges whiol weigh against them. On their first examination the.' were not questioned as to the perpetratioi of such or such u crimo ¡ they wero simp); asked to give an account of any offence o which they might acknowledge themselves guilty By this moans a number of crimes have beet brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idei of how desirable a place Szegcdin must have been ti live in may be formed from the following cmimeratioi of tho cases which aro now being trio l before 1 specially appointed court. When tho Royal commis sioner first arrived at Szegedin there were 150G crimiuu charges to bo heard ; a little later 500 moro charge were made ; and when the Eoyal commission had termi natcd its duties 950 fresh cases were brought to light making in nil nearly 3000 crimes of the gravest char actor. Of this total 1000 judgments have already beei givon, and nearly all theso judgments have been cou firmed ou appeal. Tho crimes and offences discoverer by the Royal commission amount to 8U00. Tho priu cipal charges aro thoso of murder, robbery, pillage, iu ceudiarisui, &c;, tho cases of robbery alone oxcecditi 1000\. _ 