SCIENTIFIC AND USEFUL. Rapid Pickling of Meat. — Roll the meat in a mixture of 16 ounces of salt, } ounce of saltpetre, and 1 ounce sugar, so that all parts may be completely salted; then wrap closely in a piece of cotton cloth previously well scalded and dried, and place in a porcelain or other vessel. The cloth is essential with small pieces, to retain the brine formed in contact with the meat. After about 16 hours, however, some brine will drain off into the bottom of the vessel, and it will be necessary then to torn the meat, still wrapped up, daily. A piece of six pounds treated this wa y for six days, then unwrapped and boiled, will be found' quite palatable and sufficiently pickled. Hot larger quantities the cloth may be dispensed with, since the brine formed will be found sufficient to cover the mass, provided! ? the pieces are closely packed, and any unavoidable cavities filled with stones. Sunlight for the Sick..— Dr. William H. Hammond, in discussing the sanitary influence of light, observes (saye the British Medical Journal) that the effects _ of deficient light upon the inmates of hospital wards and sick chambers have frequently come under his personal observation. Most physicians know how carefully the attendants upon the sick endeavour to exclude every ray of light from the apartment ; and it must be admitted that the members of the profession are often fully as assiduous in this respect. ?That the practice, except in some cases of actual disorder of the brain and other parts of the nervous system, iB pernicious, he is well satisfied. During the early years of the late war, he visited the camp and hospital of the regi ment stationed in West Virginia. Reports had reached; General Rosecrans' head-quarters that the sickness and mortality were something frightful, and hie was ordered to examine, minutely into all the circumstances connected, with the situation of die camp, the food of the men, &c.; Among ether things he found the sick crowded into a small room, from which the light was excluded by blinds of indiarubber cloth. They were as effectually bleached aa is celery by the earth being heaped up around it. Pale, bloodless, ghost-like looking forms, they seemed to be scarcely mortal. Convalescence under such circumstances was almost impossible, and doubtless many had died who,, had they been subjected to the operation of the simplest laws of nature, would have recovered. Enamelling Paint for Damp Walls.— We have had brought under onr notice a peculiar kind of paint, which is manufactured and patented by Mr. Thomas Griffiths, of Fenwick-street, Liverpool. The special advantage of this paint is, when laid upon any porous material it leaves upon it when dry a fine and attractive looking glaze. This property may be turned to very useful account in painting ships' bottoms, and it is found to pro tect the iron most effectually from coffosion. Some sheets of iron which had been covered with the paint were recently removed from the vessel after having been exposed to the influence of salt water for three months, and so perfect was the protection afford^ by the paint, that upon its being scraped off, the metal beneath was found perfectly clean, and indeed with the bloom still upon it. In India, where railway sleepers, telegraph posts, and wooden structures generally, are exposed to the ravages of the white ant, this paint will be found especially serviceable^ aB it offers complete protection. It is also suited for appli cation to stones, tiles, aud in fact all substances which it is desirable to protect from moisture and atmospheric influences. We have tried the enamelling paint upon a block of wood, and find that it leaves a hard, glossy, and handsome surface, which is quite impervious to the action of water, even when mixed with a small quantity of corrosive acid. This enamel is being extensively used for painting the outside of houses that are damp, as it sets rapidly, even upon a wet surface. For internal decora tions, such as painting of dining-room and other walls, it gives a most beautiful effect, and as it will wash like a piece of china it does not require renewing like ordinary^ paint, or skilled labour to apply it. It has been used in cemented cisterns, and renders them thoroughly water proof, without tasting the water in the least. It can .be used over any other paint, or common paint can be applied, over the enamel, which is a wonderful feature in its favour.. The colours we have seen are white and chocolate, and' they dry in less than an hour after application. — BritUk Trade Journal. ? ? 