LAUNCESTON 1'llESENTATiUK CON VENT. UF.CF.niOX OK IDE WHITE VETT.. Tbe ceremony of a reception, or receiv ing the white veil, waa celebrated In tbo Church of tho Apostles, on Wodncsday 28th ultimo. This was the first cere mony of tbo description in Launccston, (lie Presentation Convent adjoining (lie church, having only been occupied and opened as a Bcuolastio institution in Feb ruary last. The fair lady postulant is (or was, for her name is now changed) Miss Mary Horhon, nrconi daughu-r of Mlehael llojl.ou, E.q , proprietor of nt fensive flour mills at Uatliar«t, and larj;-- nlores in Sydney, New Soutli Wiilcs. Mr Hoylson and anotlier of bis daughters wtirp nrcuciif. near tbo altar mils during j'bp cttiDtjicncoinPtit of tlu1 ccrcioony w«» fifj for IU oVlock, and before llml li.mr th«e!mrcli «-ai nearly fillcJ witli n highly rcspeetulile congregation of ull tlie portion of at least fivi- of tlic 'gentle lex to one of tlie lords of creation. Tho-w who arrived Inte crowded down towards the attur, fllline Kio aisles, wliicli tlic oflicci-s of llie cliurcli bad ilitncully in clearing to make way for the processions. Tlio altar was gorgeously decorated uilli llowers nnd silver candelabra with long was randies. These wcro lighted nri-1 at a quarter past 10 o'elorfc tlie door nf the vesUj on the wesUirn side of tllu church was opened anil the procession entered in tlic following order: — KiBht Altnr Bovn wearing while surplices nnd lieuriiiB liBlile.I Ijiihib. Ilia Lor^liip llie UiKli! Hei . Dr. Mu.p'jy, lliahop of lloliart I'owu, (i'lcbmnt. lleacou— Ilei . K. F. Walsh. Kub-l)uaoon-Ue.v. M. lteccblnor. lister of Cerernonies— ltev. J. FeebiUi. AssiMalit l'ri.sls-The Veil. Dean Uutler, lh-- ltev. J. Hugan, and the ltcv. M. O'Cul laj?han. lleanr of tlie Processional Cross,- Miss lladfldd, In eoitnmc similar Io that of tlic Udj jtoituliuit nud iuxOTii|uini«l by two very young lady acolytes, Miss I'lnreiux I Ionian nnd Miss 0. Itopi-r, -Irtsaeil iu wliilc, trimmed wiUi blue rib bons. Tbe Sisters in single file hearing lighted tapers. Tlio llov. Mother. Tlic Lady Ponlulaut, bearing a taper and at^ t^ided by fuur)oung ladv acolyU:fc licar i.iff l.ip.Ti. Tlic MUws Kllcu and Ciex-lv Murjihy, Theresa lladflcld, and Tlicrcsji ICuunedy, The lady postulant was dressed In full linMal costume, wliiu silk dresi triiumod with pink flowerB at the Bbouldors and body ; the wore n wieatb of white flWers and a long ricli white lace veil and white till cloves. The lady seemed to be about 22 years of age, of fair complexion, and wa« apparently in tbe cujoymenL of On the entrauce nf the procession the eiioir snug ljiu hymn O (Hariota Yir f/intttit The. pmcr'scion passed up tlip u'efitern aisle to Uie choir and down the next aisle to tbe altar. After prayer and oilier religious observance* at tho altar. His Lordship the Bishop ascended tlic pulpit and preached from 1'snlm (Douoy version) rv. 8—' Tlic Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup. It is tliou tbat will restore my inheritance to me.' KiiRlisb versiou.-xvi. S-' Tlie Lord is (be portion of niino inheritance and of my cup, tliou maintaiucbt my lot.' lu (Ilia he rofcrred la tbe no. 1.1 being in all aces tlie greatest obstacle to man's Filiation. Tlio first portion ol the discourse was addressed to tlic congregation, tlie latter to tho lady postulant, who with tbo Hovereml Mother and sister* was at llio altar rails. His Ijordghip recommended to the pos tulant m dulies and privileges, prayer, humility, poverty, nud obudiciiee ; the latter as the foundation of all virtues, without wjiich ilie »-urld it*.Jf »ou)d re turn to elmos. In obeyiug ber KuiKriorB she would be obeying -.;.«! Uioneli. Tlio iliifi.-H nlie would be cnuu^od in, (he instruction of children, nould try licr na t.e.neo. but kIio would be onooura^ed by tho example sot by the other sisters in brin^i'),' up children in tlio foar .il'AI. m. -l.lv -;.»!. K hi. Ii was nuu beinu cliiuiiiiilod from tlic jiublic schools iu was provvd by Ibe spirit of indiir--rvutisin In religi.iii which »-- largrlr prevailed. ,\fu-r .\esei-nditii; from flip pulpit bis Lord.siiin put certain question* tn the postulant and received tbo replies us follows :-- Question.— My child, wliat do you .le ni.itid ? An«wc*..-Tho mercy of f!od tlic boly bahil ol religion, llie .-llaritv of I In- order. on-1 llie soWelyol tlie lle'v. Molbcr mil (jiiftion.— Is it ailli yrnir frw will and oontoiu you demand the habit of re ligion f* Answer.— Yes. my Lord. The Hisliop then turned to (lie Rev. Mother und sai-1 — llev. M'ot'.irr, have you enquired into (be other points necessary to l)o known far those who enler into re ligion, and are you fully satUtiedi* Yes, my lord. ' To the postulant — My dear child, Iiavo you a firm ia^ntiori to per* se.vore ill religion to tlie and of your life, and do you (hiuk you liave sufliciont atreoglli to heareoustantly the «w--ot. yoke ol our fjord Jonas Christ, for Uie love and foar of God alone ? Itclying ou tho mercy of God, and cm the prayers of the Mothers and Sisters, I hope to be able Io do no. Tin? postulant inell down. The Bishop said— What God lian com menced in you, may He Himself per&ct; Tlic postulant— Amen. The Bishop— May the lor,! banish from you tlie old man nitb his works. Tlic postulant— Amen. The ladv postulant then rose, court soyed to His Lordship uml accompanied by (be I!ev, Ho)li-u- a.nd Sisters pssed up ! one of tbu centiv aisles and down the west side to tlic vestrv, tlic choir intonins thel'«ilm/«rx,VKA,,^. Ibo iK.siiiiaut retired at 10 S3 an-! pro ceeded to the convent to. chnngo her -]rcia for tbo costume of a sister and returned at 11.15. During her absence tho choir sane — ? 7,nnrf.if.. fmrri. Tiie celfbriiiit and clergy tliclt before tho altar- in silent prayer. On the return of tlie postulant with her worldly dress changed for a robe, tell, mantle and domino, wliioU ha4 been yrc vioualy blessed by Iho Bishop »' the altar, tlie oliojr im^h *«« «- ''a- liuring (he singing His Lordship the ccjeuruni uiessea lue wniw veil, wiitcu (lie novice then put on in place of another worn whea she entered. His Lordship saying 'lieceivo the wbito roil, tbo omblcm of inward parity, that tliou nuyest follow the Lanib without stain and mayeat walk with him in white. In the iuua« of tlie Father, and of the Son and of tho Holy Ghost.' The clergy — Amen. The BMiop then named thn novice Sister Mary Ar»c« anil intoned Ibe J-»i Creator Spirttut which. Iho choir con tmaod, tlu navka remaiotn^ prostritto with her anus extended in the form of tt cross. After preyers the novice was raited by an assistant priesU-uo conducted her to tho llw; Mother who embraced her and slio afterwards embraced the sirtors. tbe choir singing JBnv fuam txmvm. The novice, assisted by her Mstor.saTiR —My heart hath uttered a gooi word . I spcat my works to the Kinc. Hie ohoir io response— Whom I line «ccn, wtom I hare loved, in whom r ltave beJievod, tn& towards whom nr iicart in olineth. Novice— I Irtvn chosen to be an abject in din bouse of my ].onl Josus Christ. Cboir in response — Whom I have, £e, Tlio celebrant elergy uuJ sisters alt knelt in prayer, , .. Tiie c.lioir uw O Muturi: and ibea Tutiilutii lin/o, Lnudatc oud ?/ 6anctu*i tima nt liilfivuiH between llie ,.ray-TS. ? Tlin ceremony at Ihe altar was closed by His Lordship, as cclebronli lin; iu« nnlmnutn and pronouocing tlio benedie* lior. of the- most Holy Sacrament. Tlie procession iln.ii re-formed nnd paBRed up the cliureh, dowu the aisle on tlie western sid» to tlie vtsiry, Uio choir singillf Ileus H'uLrrntim. Tho entire ceremony closed at 12 o'clock. Tfic amount reooived for a. (mission wot £10 10s. 