TASMANIAN HISTORY. EARLY TROUBLES OF THE COLONISTS, Illustrated by a Sketch of the Career of Michael Howe, "The last and worst of the Bushrangers." Written by J. E. Calder. [Continued.] They had hardly settled themselves in the woods of New Norfolk, before they took steps to settle their little misunderstanding with Mr. Dennis McCarthy, for the part he had taken in the late attack on them, which they were in no mood to let him off for, particularly as he had caused them in their own defence to commit an act which thoy would have much sooner avoided, and that was sure to bring them to the gallows in the end, for they did not look on death as certain for ordinary bushranging, and even though it were a capital offence, it was by no means always thus punished either in Davey's or Sorell's times, unless accompanied by murder or extreme violence, of which there were many examples. They therefore proceeded to this gentleman's house as quickly as possible after their return to New Norfolk. But the many confederates (or as Howe used to term them facetiously his "correspondents") whom they had in this place, were now too much alarmed on their own account, by a recent Proclamation, which offered large rewards, not only for the apprehension of the bushrangers, but for their own also, to care about renewing acquaintance with them just now, and the robbers seemed to have lacked intelligence of how matters stood in the district, when they most wanted it, and they were egregiously deceived in consequence. The night was cloudy and very dark, when they went forward from their camp, on their mission of evil, to punish Mr. McCarthy. That they had no intention of murdering him is certain, for he was absent from the district at the moment, and they know it ; but they probably meant to pay him off in the same fashion that they had just before served Mr. Humphrey. Tho district of Now Norfolk was then much moro scantly settled over than now, and as the King's highways wore not pleasant places to be on after dark, no ono was out nt this hour. Whitehead and his party therefore reached McCarthy's residence quite unobserved by any ono, and more in mischief perhaps than earnest, announced their arrival by sending a shower of bullotB through one of tho windows, (for in McCarthy's absence there was no ono there whom they cared about hinting.) However, ono of the balls that was shot a little too low, slightly grazed one ,of the inmates. But vory little idea had Whitehead who those inmates were, who wero none else than their old oneiiiiea tho soldiers, a small party of whom wero put up there in McCarthy's absence, and who wero just thon engaged at cards. Unexpected as this challenge was, the mon within did not lose their presonce of mind, but seizing their muskets, rushed out and woro amongst thom in less time than I can toll it in, and boforo tho others could reload. Coming out of a light room into utter darkness, they hardly knew where their opponents stood, but ventured a tolly at random at thom, and the leador Whitehead was shot down, mortally wounded, but whether by the military or ono of his own people, who in the dark, mistook him for a soldier, as ho was reconnoitring the promises, is uncertain. Stunned aud confounded by tho unexpected appearance of tho soldiers, and with thoir pieces uncharged, tho bushrangers mado off in a body, all oxcopt Howo, who lind now a horrid task to porform, which in virtue of an old understanding that existed between theso two worthies, White- head and himself, ho rouiained behind to perform. Howover]little reverence such men as those may be thought to have had for truth, and tho obser- vance of obligations, thoy wero sotnotiir.es found tonttach importance to oathsmadeamongstthem selvoB. The fear of the derision of their comrades, in case of failing through fnint-hoartednesB, pro- bably kept them up to the mark. These two men had sworn to each othor, that whichover full first, tho survivor should porform the dread- ful ottico of cutting off and removing the other's hoad, so that tho body not being recognisable, tho captor might be defrauded of his reward, and there wore now fifty guineas on oneil of this party. Whitehead lived just long enough to pass the preconcortod signal that nil was up with him, ('.Tako my watch," moaning his ownhead) mid thon in the language roi scripture, (he gavo up the ghost. Favoured by tho intonso darkness of tho night, Howo fulfilled his pledgo ; aud the headless body of tho impenitent man, remained whero it foil, for tho military to dispose of as thoy choso ; and it was convoyed to Hobart Town, vfhero it actually underwent tho coromany, so vam in this instanco, of'a public oxooution, by being gibbet ted on Hunter's Island, where ¡it hung for moro than a twelvemonth. Many other criminals wore thus exposed on this little rock, thon a conspicuous object in Sullivan's Cove (on which Hobart Town fronts), until it was Bwallowed up, so to speak, in tho "Old Wharf;" till public disgust wns so aroused by the barbarous and never absent spootaolo, that in Juno of 181«, thoy woro all removed to anothor part of the coast, n little further south, whoro thoy woro stuck up again like scara-crows, and with about tho samo admonitory ofl'eot. Howo boro off Whitohead's hoad, but seems to havo dropped it in the dark, for I read in the Gazette of the 13th of December, 1817, that it had just boen found, and ciraumstancua woro such as to loavo no doubt about its identity. Howo rejoined his companions, and honco forwurd acted as their loador, their mimbor hoiug now reduced to [seven] by tho death of Whitehead. Thoy now found it nocessary to evaouato Now Norfolk again, aud botook themselves to tho Tea- tree Brush, a few miles oil', whioh, as its nama implies, was thou a pluoo of thickets, whero they i hoped to rest unobserved for a little. But thoso everlasting tormentors of theirs, tho soldiers, soon winded thom again, and pounced quite unexpectedly on tho hut they occupied, but when there were only two of them at home, the rest being away on soino ovil business no doubt. Tho soldiers wero in it at onco ; but thought- lessly leaving no guard at tho door, tho others flow out, directly the last of the soldiers was within, and running into tho scrub, wore out of sight directly. Tlie disappointed assailants Bred after them, but ineffectually, and both escaped their pursuers, but only to fall into the hands of another party of soldiers a few days afterwards at Kangaroo Point, whither thoy had wandered. Thoy proved to be Richard Mc&uire; and Hugh Burne. Howe and tho rest soon afterwardB returned homewards, but finding that soldiers worein possession of their wig-wara, of course, carne not near it again. A Court Martial, nevor tardy in its move- ments or decisions, was soon assembled to try McGuire and Burne, and made short work with them, and sentenced both to die, for aiding in tho deaths of Messieurs Carlisle and O'Birne, and their bodies werejadded to tho other horrors of Hunter's Island. What became of Howe and his party after the misadventures of the last few days, that cost thom throe lives, I am at a loss to say ; and a gap occurs in their history, which neither the Gazettes at my command, or other authorities enable me to fill up. But that thoy remained quiet for a few months Booms certain, for no trace of them can be discovered in the publica- tions alluded to. It cannot now be ascertained in what way Howe and hisfeompanions supported thomselvos at this time, nor where they lay in concealment ; but Colonel Sorell says, they had secret con- nexions nearly everywhere, whoso connivance they had abundant means of securing ; so it must have gono hard with them, if thoy could not have lived a few months, and well too, amongst these friends, without resorting to house-breaking, or robbery on tho highways. But in whatever way they occupied themselves whilst in hiding, they tired of it at last, and took again to their old practices with such ardour, | as shewed that they'had not passed thoir seclu- sion in a penitential manner ; and they turned up again in the beginning of tho antipodal summer of 1816, largely reinforced in numbers, from five, when thoy went into retirement, to thirteen, when they emerged from it. This coalition took place between June and August. The Gazette of the 3rd August, 1810, thus announces the alarming fact, with its usual disregard of the proprieties of orthography and grammar : _ " We have this afternoon received informa- tion that the banditti (consisting of Michael Howo, Peter Septon, Janies Geary, George Jones and Richard Collyer) which have been so long in the Woods of this Island, committing. Murders and Itobberios, has joined with those Desperadoes that aro Advertised in the front of this Paper which now consists to the number of thirteen." These new allies were Matthew Keegan, Peter Franks, Thomas Garland, John Chapman, Wil- liam Johnson, John Parker, Emanuel Levy, and George Watts. But in three or four weeks the party dwindled down to ten, by the jibbing of Johnson, Watts, nnd Levy. Howe commenced this campaign with his usual vigour, and committed several robberies, Messieurs Stanfield, Pitt, Stynes, and Troy being amongst his first victims. Tho establish- ments of several others also fared tho same. These feats followed each other with such rapidity as to baffle all pursuit. Acting with customary rapacity, he cleared out their pre- mises of everything ho could carry off; often taking property which, as it could be of no use personally to any of the party, must havo been seized for trafficking only with his "corres- pondents " None of these pillagings woro attended with personal violence of any kind. Howo oven let Mr. Pitt off lighter than one would havo thought, ' considering that ho stood well up in the polico | force of the colony, every member of which he hated as tho devil hates holy water. But Howo disliked unnecessary violence, and though ho sometimes threatened it, using hard words and black looks, ho never would permit it oxcept in self-defence, or whon, according to his stylo of thinking, he believed his victims deserved it, as in tho cases of McCarthy and Humphrey ; and though ho often mado the r ladies of tho places ho visitod, surrender every- thing they had, except what they stood in, thoy were otherwise treated most respectfully. I His followers were quite habitunted to this, and I will hero quote an example of it from tho Gazette of the 22nd February, 1817. Throe of tho party were nt this time separated from the main body, and liko Abraham not caring to live in the country of his kinsman Lot, went into the North, and were soon briskly at work in the districts about Launceston. A gentleman escorting two ladies, was travelling westerly from that town, and had reached a place wen, known as the Black Snake, twenty miles from L'ton, whon " thoy doscryod," says tho Gazette, "threo mon, which thoy supposed to be part of the guard which Major Stewart hud kindly directed to accompany tho carts ; but on thoir nearer approach, they perceived them to be threo bushrangers, named Sopton, Jones, and Brown. TheBe unhappy creatures, fearful of any information reaching tho Settlement, or the parties which now guard it, conducted tho Indios and their Guide to a farm-house, whero they detained thom during the night. It is gratifying for us to remark, that these outlaws behaved in the most becoming manner, having refused to take any refreshment till the ladies had done ; and even led their horses the next day over the difficult part of the New River, known by the name of Macquarie'a Crossing place," where thoy loft thom, whon out of danger, having more important business on hand than to act as "Squires of Dames" any longer, namely, to make a domiciliary visit to Messieurs T. Archer and R. Dry, both of whose houses they fleeced with- out loss of time. To return to Howe ; after the robberies of Stanfield and others, the gang having roused the Government into activity again, found it expe- diont to get out of tho way once more : and whilst in concealment they must have been rejoined by thoir polite companions from the North, from whom they probably received such accounts of the fatness of the land, as determined them to visit it, and judge for themselves. The settlers of tho north, had suffered pretty considerably from bushrangers, having sovoral gangs of thoir own roaring amongst thom. But these wore coinpoaod of potty follows only, who had nono of tho notoriety of Howo's people ; and all were on the alert directly thoy knew thoy had crossed tho country, and woro settled amongst thom. The commandant, Major Stewart, thus forewarned, proparo to meet thom. Tho mention of Howo waa enough for him ; and the Launceston portion of tho 40th, though somewhat disorganised and unruly, snuffed the battlo from afar, liko tho war horso of scripture, and woro ready for the onomy whenever and wherever ho appeared, so Howo could not remain long on this now scene, as tho pursuit was soon too hot for him ; but he remained long enough to mako wreck of one establishment. On tho 7th of Novembor, 181G, Howo and his party presented themsolves at the residence of Mr. D. Roso, which they assaulted in their usual menacing manner just aftor dark, and wero masters of the place in a moment. Mr. Rosa had soino friends staying with him at tho time, who had j list boforo this arrived from Coylon, to settle in Tasmania,and thoy too had to submit to the hard fate of their host, and all wore plundored most impartially, for Howe usod to boast that in all his exactions, ho had nothing to reproach himself for, on the scoro of making fish of ono and flesh of another, so iloeced thom all round of whatever they had, making no invidious distinctions. Tho ladies too,sufforod just liko tho roat, nqd when ho went away there was not tho valuo of ono shilling amongst the wholo of thom, except the clothes they had on them. Money, jowols, trinkets, wntchos,clothos, and goodness knows what else, all wont into their oapaoious knapsacks, which thoy loaded till they oould scarcely lift them, and thon doomnpod to the joy of all, who wero glad to see thom dis- appear, withont taking thoir lives as well as chattels. The commandant of Launceston, though remiss enough at timos, and sooiningly protty nearly as unruly as his mon (seo noto at tho end) behaved on this occasion liko an activo magistrate Heading a strong party of tho 40th ho went after Howo's party himself. But as that worthy had bo good a start boforo a mossago could be delivered at Launceston und tho soldiers roach Rose's house, and mnniigod his retroat so quietly, his mon wero far enough away, boforo tho real pursuit bogan j and no tidings could bo had of thom any whore. There- fore aftor a most fatiguing and exhausting search, that oxtouded over sovoral days, tho commandant returned to his quarters again. But Howe Boon cunio to tho surfico again, a hundred milos from tho sconojof his last adven- ture, having after moro than a wook's travel, reached tho long and narrow valley of Bagdad safoly, but I fancy by somo unusual routo, otherwise ho must have fallen into the net of the fowler, whioh Captain Nairn, who managed military walters for Colonel Davey iii the south, had set for him everywhere, that is, as far as the military force at command permitted ; for Howe's party was now hunted after high und low, like noxious animals, that aro to bo got rid of at any cost. Soldiers in fatigue dress, in uniform, and in disguise, were on the look-out for him where ?ever it was thought there was a chance of trap- ping him ; but ho was to well informed, to fall into thoir snares just yet. Having learned that there was a valuable lot of merchandise in transit between the " two settle- ments," namely, Hobart Town and Launceston, and that it would pass through Bagdad on a particular day, he took post amongst tho .woods noar to H aye's residence, resolved to intercept it. He listened anxiously for the sound of wheels all day of.the 17th of November when he oxpected its arrival, but that day closed without it arriving ; for through some mishap, the pro- prietor of the goods, Mr. W. T. Stocker, was delayed on tho road for twenty-four hours ; for which Howe, when theymet, like other.offended dignitaries, demanded explanations, which not quite satisfying him, he gave him such a rating, as the mercantile man never heard in his life beforo : for Howe could not stop long anywhere just now, and the loss of a day might be fatal to him. But towards night of the 18th, the rumbling of carts on the unformed road was heard ; when Bowe, something after the man ner of one of the heroes of the Beggar's Opera, summoned his men to " Haste to the road ; Hark ! I hear the sound of coaches." or moro properly, Mr. Stocker's carts, which drove np with thoir procious fmight to Mr. Hayes' house, whero they wero to romain for tho night. They carried not only soveral pas- sengers, but what Howo's party cared much more about, that is, just such wares as they wautod, of which in the end thoy took by far the best share, and valued, according to Mr. Stocker's published declaration of his losses, at just £255 Is. Od., " at prime coat ;'' the articles taken, of which thora is a lengthy enumeration in the Gazette, being of^tho most varied descrip- tion. The bushrangers had plenty of conversation with the travellers, and. surprised thom by the accuracy of their information of the movements of the Govorntnont, particularly in matters re- lating to themselves,! and generally alao of what was going on.in Hobart Town; and then finished this pleasant parley, by taking old Stocker's watch from him. They are charged on this occasion, with adding wanton destruction of property to rob- bery, in one of them sending a bullet into a keg of rum, which was all lost. But it is more pro- bable that Howe thought it best to remove it out of his companions way ; for though Sorell says they were very temperate men, still most who were harrassed as they were, and ever on the march, might possibly have liked to solace themselves for once in a way, with a nip or two of it, which it was on all accounts most prudent to prevent. Oddly enough the chief constable of the terri- tory, was that very night enjoying the hospita- lity of Hayes ; and was in the house at the moment when the bushrangers, eleven in num- ber, rushed into it. This praiseworthy conser- vator of the public peace, having a pretty good notion who the intruders were, took to his heels and ran off as hard as he could, till he was quite out of danger and wind also, leaving his host and the travellers, to mako any terms they liked best with the enemy. [To be continued.] 