THE THEATRE ROYAL, 1 RICHARD THE THIRD." The character of Richard the Third has always had for us a profound fascination. WedonotspeaktoftheRichardof history-who so that his historians may contrive to make him-but -of that less shadowy being, that incarnation of unscrupulous Self, created by the agonies of Shakspeare. In all times there have flourished men cursed or blessed with furious ambitious, men conscious of high desert, and content with no inferior honour. Circumstances may make of such men murderers, suicides, tyrants, or heroes, and in this erratic, improbable, and magnifi- craft play we have presented to us the spectacle of a great and noble mind warped Like the ar-dwarf s of Assam) by incarceration in a deformed body, and driven into the extremes of cruelty by reason of an insatiate and almost demoniacal ambition. The stage version of Richard the Third is not favourable to the author, for Mr. Cibber has So pieced and patchworked his performance that the finer developments of character have lost, but enough of the original remains to afford ground for the pourtrayal of something more than mere butchery. Now, Mr. Fairclough is either of opinion that the Melbourne audiences like "cant," or his conception of the character he played last night differs greatly from ours. We admit that there is much temptation to rouse the flagging spirits of a gaping gallery by going in, as it is termed, in the more Cibbcrian and less consistent portions of the text, while the same interpolated passages may cause a hasty and inconsiderate actor to form a false notion of the character. We are surprised, however, that a gentleman of Mr. Fairclongh's reputation should fall into this grievous error. ? It-was formerly the custom to present Richard of Gloster as a hunchbacked ruffian -a Quilp born in the purpose but men have since admitted that a character played with aesthetic delight by such artists as Burbage, Garrick, and Edmund Kean has claims to higher consideration. Cynical and impetuous, daring and superstitious, scholarly, acute, unscrupulous, and cruel, Richard presents for analysis a curious bundle of harmonious contradictions. It seems to us that the key to his character is to be found in our intense and philosophical selfish- ness, overlaying and assisting an almost barbaric impulsiveness and appetite for change. He likes to do evil for evil's sake, but he would even do good if the doing of it would help to forward his own ambi- tion. Macbeth-whom the vulgar take as the type of the ambitious man-had given ho8tagestofortune. Hefoughtondmurdered that happy some issue of his noble wife's unquickening womb might " wield the sceptre " after him but Richard owns no 'natural affections. Enraged at the apparent injustice of nature, which has cracked his back and rendered him an object for a nurse- maid's pity, he for wear love, but determines to satiate his abnormal cripple's best (and best is always cruel) with the tears and sighs of the fairest women. He has been despised and mocked ; so with the dissimulation horn of poverty and condemning, he elects wait until he can overwhelm his enemies with his bloody and sudden vengeance. Bom a frank and impetuous soul, he sells his nature to his desire for the power to which he has been abused, and owes his fall to the forgetfulness of his hypocrisy. He is defeated and betrayed, not because of his infamies, subtleties, and reasons, but because he cannot restrain his native scorn. Once throned in the coveted seat, the fury of his envious rage, so long suppressed, bursts out with intolerable violence. He promises, lies, fawns, and then, having clutched the crown, brushes from him the cloud of parasites with a ferocious "AwayJ Thou troubles me I'm not the vein !" This high-mettled devil in him, having urged him to his fate, enables him to face it boldly. Like Macbeth, heats prey to the self-created spectres which haunt the night-life of the guilty, and, like Macbeth, he dies undaunted, fearless of humanity, and forgetting, in the hot tumult of his blood, the pale reproachful ghosts of past misdeeds. But how- differently die the savage Thane, owning at once the fury and the folly of the barbarian, and the refined gentleman, the philosophic scholar of Utrecht, the accomplished hypocrite and com tly libertine. "Come death, come wrack ¡'' cries the despairing savage ; " At least we'll die with harness on our backless senti- ment true to his nature, and redolent of the self-reliant nobility of barbarism. But Kit-hard! He taunts, " laughs in the throat of death," jests and argues. His directions to Norfolk are coolly given and carefully considered. With morning sun his visions vanish. " Let not babbling dreams affright our souls -our strong arms be our conscience !" Mark his Napoleonic and high-bred speech, in scorn of these bastard Bretagwes," with which he rouses the gross spirits of his Soldiery-" Shall these enjoy our lands? lie with our wives ? Fight, gentlmen of England? fight, bold yeomen! Spur your proud horses hard, and ride in blood !" Macbeth fights on foot, Richard has all that love of horses that comes with gentle birth. " Saddle white Surrey for the field to morrow !" "Bring me another horse !" Richard is a gentleman to his finger-nails. Macbeth dies desperately, Richard royally. I have set my life upon the cast, and I will stand the hazard of the die !" No paltering with fate, no superstitious fears, no fierce complaints at fortune. He is beaten, but not befooled. To the last we see him defiant, regal-" My kingdom for a horse !" he cries, My kingdom ! and so, with the words of triumph on his lips, he rushes from the stage a king, who feels he yet has kingdoms to bestow. Now, Mr. Fairclough, did not convey by word, look, or action one hint of this nobility of. soul. He was certainly desperately treacherous and furiously bloodthirsty He made the very roof ring with his "Off with his head ! so much for Buckingham !" and his fight with Richmond would have been secured had the gods dared to do it. His scene with Lady Anne in the first act was marred by a most injudicious use of his handkerchief and an almost ludicrous affectation of tears, and his tent scene »»-asquitewithoutdrainatic passion. He was tolerable in several speeches, notably in his soliloquy interrupted by the entrance of Tarred with the news of the murder of the princes, and his discovery of his sated appetite to his wife. He made several good "points" of emphasis, such as has my physician seen her, hinting his intention to poison Anne, and his reproach to circum- spect Buckingham-" I'm, not the vein." But points are trifles when weighed against what we consider to be a false conception and rendering of a whole character. It is unpleasant not to be able to extend the fullest hospitality of compliment to stranger, but it is the merest justice to say that we have had in this city many modest stock actors who could and did play Richard better than Mr. Fairclough. Miss Carey played Lady Anne-we presume for the first time. Though this part is looked upon with favour by young actresses, the performance of it is no test of ability. The character is unnatural, and, as Johnson truly said of it, one of the " blots" on the play. The scene with Richard, though dramatic enough is too quick in its action to be true to nature. It is all very well for the author to excuse it by his "Was ever woman in this humour wood, was ever woman in this humour won '{' but unless Anne had been either a wanton or an idiot, she would have shown more womanly decency than to suffer her husband's murderer to make love to her over the (lead man's coffin. We are not disposed, therefore, to criticise any Lady Anne with severity. The part is most difficult from the very carelessness with which the dramatist has drawn it, and we have not seen any actress in Melbourne except, perhaps, Miss St. Denis who attempted to explain by carefully studied action, the inconsistencies of the character. But apart from her failing in this regard Miss Carey elaborated all those peculiarities of utterance of which we have before made mention. She has a trick of interpolating an exclamation in the middle of a sentence (as "If he have ever wife-oh!-let her be made," to), which is most irritating. This lady has given us one or two admirable and original performances, and we sincerely trust she is not going to sink into mere imitator of the peculiarities of others. Her elocution in tragedy, or such speeches as may be ranked with the speeches of tragedy, is most defective. If she wants a model, let her take Miss Bowering, whose utterance is always most clear and harmonious. Miss Bowering, by the way, is to be congratulated upon having made the part of Elizabeth the aesthetic success of the evening. Her temperate and dignified bearing in the rendering of the interview where Richard begs her daughter's hand, deserves the highest commendation, and the parting from the princes (capitally played by the two little Misses Marsh), was elevated by her most pathetic acting into the chief situation of the evening. Mr. Harwood played Richmond with his usual vigour (Richmond, we fear, was a sad prig, despite the way in which tradition demands that he should be represented and Mr. Stuart O'Brien's Henry, Mr. Appleton's Tressel, Mr. Ireland's Buckingham, and Mr. Munro's Catesby deserve notice. We may mention Mr. Warde's Stanley and Mr. Brown's The el as instances of subordinate parts carefully played. The play was well mounted, the dresses and scenery being new and brilliant. Mr. Fairclough was called before the curtain several times in the course of the evening. 