CU RRENT EYEft TS. House Disease. — A resident in typwn informs us that a correspondent of his, living on tho Moonie, states that several cases of mortality amongst horses have occurred in his district. The animals drop off quite suddenly, and the disease appears to assimilate to that ivhich so recently spread havoc amongst tho horse stock; in America. Tub Brisbane and Gympie Road.— Tho state of the road between this city and Gympio maybe gathered from tho fact that tho couch ivhich left Brisbane at the usual hour on Mon day :last lias not 6inco been heard of, although there is no reason to apprehend that any serious duinago has befallen the stage; The coach which left Gympie for Brisbane on Monday morning had to return, aud two other efforts to make a start were alike ineffectual. The manager (Mr. P. Shaw) received a' telogram just before wo went to press, to the effect that the coabh again started on its journey at seven o'clock this morning, and, us the creeks are subsiding, thero may- bo somo chanco of its coming through. . Tjie Victokia Hall. — Mr. Tavares, who has at groat expense mado tho Hall into what it has hitherto not been — clean— intends opening it for one night only on the occasion of Miss Surtees' (Mrs. Tavares) benefit. We have pre -viously remarked upon- the peculiar claims that the lenejiciere ' has upon the publio, and wo only hope that tho attempt now being niado to introduce n permanent theatre, in which the best and most popular picccs of the day are.pro duccd, with tho assistance of the best talent that oan bo' procured, will meet with a satisfactory, response.-, . Mb. Ciiaphan's Entertainment at the School' of- Arts -was but tolorably attended last evening, notwithstanding it was announced as his. benefit. All wo can say is, that Mr. Chap man was in his best form, : and .Willie' was -more tlmn usually correct in second sight, in fact ? some of tho do scriptions of somo vury peculiar articles placed in Mr. Chapman's hands were not only correctly described, but tho ago of a peculiar coin was distinctly asserted to bo 1,900 years, and acknowledged to bo correct, tho coin being of the reign of Julius Crosar. , We have previously notod the -wonderful facility with which Mr. Chapman can manipulate the cards, and his ghost trick, and those, coupled with a continued firo of witicisims, ought really to draw an audience. Mr. Chapman's contem. plated stay is short, and. wo cannot do .bettor than rccommend an investment on tho part of the.publio for -witnessing a really ever changing and clover performance. New Machinery. — We have to notico, and we do so with pleasure, tho arrival of machinery hitherto unknown- in this place, imported by Mr. J. F. Kelsny. Tho first is an American . horso-power arrangement, which will be found useful for many purposes. It is a kind of tread mill, a horse being the victim instead of a man, and will bo familiur to anyone who has travelled along any of the great American rivers, where it is almost universally used for cutting wood for ; the steamers. The other is a brick and tile making machine, of which we cannot givo any description till wo have seen it erected and at work. Ib turns out a great variety of these arlicles, and wo believe also inoludes pipes for drainage, &c.; By means of this valuable niuoliiue bricks and tiles should be manufactured at a price to compete with wood and iron, and we hopo tho time will soon come when the un substantial wooden houses, riddled in a few years by eun, rain, and ants, will be scarce in Bowen. We are glad to see that Mr. Kelsey has adopted tho !f go-ahead prinoiplo, and -wish him every success. In a future issue we' hope to be able to give some account of the capabilities of these new machines.-—.)?. D, Times, . ' . i '? The Brisbane HosriTAii.— Yesterday oftor- , noon tho usual weekly meeting of tho Hospital i Committee was- hold, tho Hon. J. Bramston i prosiding, and present beside him— tho Roys. Dr. Cani and Griffith, and Messrs. Macnish, Hubbard, and Maepherson. It having heeii suggested that an alteration in the rules wohld bo ' expedient, tho proposed alterations were noted, and willj if possible, bo notified by tho next meeting. The committee deputed to institute an inquiry into the dietary arrange- , ments of tho Hospital then handed in their report, from which it appeared that a groat discrepancy existed between tho dietary scale and the order book. In the matter of butchers meat for the week -ending, March 13, 321 lbs- ? wore required, whereas 992 lbs. wore ordered Milk accounts wero;, equally at ? variance, 76 pints by the' scale against 126 actually ordered. Tho dispenser (Mr. Pitzgitibon) and the matron being applied to for the purpose reconciling or explaining ,the inconsistencies, it . appeared that, - insteud of using the scale, the matron was in the habit of taking the total of tho cards hung at. the hoad of each patient'8 bed, that the extra diofc prescribed to a largo number of tho patients materially levelled the clashing amounts, and considerably aided by the quantity expended in so many full, half, and. spoon, lock-patients and servants' diots. and the ' like extras.- It not being considered quite satis factory in a strict business point of view that' tho hooks should not nt all times of reference balance with regard to each other, tho matron was requested, to .draw up a concise statement as to the detailed disposuro of tho orders for the morrow, so that eome plan might be devised for tho clearer rendering of accounts. The medical roporfc, for the week ending March 13, submitted to llio notice of the committee, ran as follows : — Indoor patients remaining last week, 99 ; ditto received during tho week,- 14; discharged, 8 ,- died, 3 ; total in hospital, 124 j \- remaining, 99; out-door patients on list, 1G4; ditto in attendance during tho wcok, 35. 'Visit- ing Surgeon for ensuing week, Dr. Bancroft. Tho deaths of William G-unn, 41, of Brisbane of phthisis ; William Blonkinsop, 33, of Dar ling Downs, disease of tho kidneys j and Denis Wliolev, 40, of Harrisville, near Ipswich, of disease of the heart, wero duly notified. This terminated the business for tho day. Mb. G. Y. WitiaiiT mot with an accident; on Monday afternoon last, which might have . re suited in a most serious manner, hut fortunately , ho almost miraculously escaped without per sonal injury. It appears that he was riding hoir.o about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and after passing tho culvert on the main road/ lie met with a spring cart. He endeavored to pass be tween the cart and the drain, on the side of the road. There was not, however, sufficient room, and the point of the shaft entered his horse's chest, penetrating to the heart, and killing tho animal almost instantaneously. Mr. Wright managed to extricate himself from the horse a3 ho fell, and escaped with a few trifling bruises. Mackay Mercury, March. 8. Serious Accident.— On Wednesday last an accident occurred on tho Telegraph reef, by which a man named Georgo Kowley has boen seriously, we hope not fatally, injured. Theae cidcnt resulted from the usual carelcss mode of handling powder. It appears that about 20 Ibs. of powder had been spread on somo bark in front of Mr. Neaves' tent to dry. Rowley, who was working in the Telegraph, went up to tho tent, lit his pipe, and commenced turning the powdor over j an explosion immediately took place, and the unfortunate follow was frightfully burnt, especially about the hands and the lower part of the abdomen. Mr. J. E. Rutherford was promptly in attendance, and after applying dressings, hail the sufferer removed to the tem porary hospital at the Towers, where he lies in a very critical state. Mr. Neaves' tent was burnt, but that gentleman, who was asleep in it at the time, fortunately escaped without injury. Northern Miner. The Mutual Life Association of Australasia hald an adjourned meeting for approval of by laws, at the office, in Georgo-Btreefc, yesterday ufiernoon. The chairman, tbo Hon. S. D. Gor don, took the chair, and went over, for tho information of the meeting; the principal points of tlie business done since the commencement in July, 18G9 There were forty-five original fully paid-up policies issued, assuring £19, 033, and producing premiums to the amouut of £5,250. Tho total policies issued from tho commencement wore 1,098, assuring £36G,9S3, down to Pebruary last. 'The annual premium revenue wub £8,9G9. The amount ol invested funds and cash balances £11,051. Claims had been paid to the amount of £5,090, but' several of those aros'o from casualties io first-class lives in the second year. The progress of the asso ciation, as disclosed by tho chairman, gave much satisfaction, and from remarks that were made, would seem to have been rarely, if over, equalled by any similar institution in the same short, period of time. The by-laws -were ; passed in major part, and an adjournment to consider tho rest was fixed for Tuesday, tho lltli,. at tho ofiice, at 4 o'clock, of which duo notico will appear. .. . The Immigrants per ' John Rennie.' — The Mackay: Mercury of the 8th inst. says : — The Young Australia, with immigrants from Bowen, by the John Rennie, from London, arrived off this port on Saturday morning, but was unable to come up the river. She landed all her passengers by boat, the last being put ashore on Sunday evening. They are a fine strong looking body of men, and likely to prove far better 'colonists than the Danes. It is only to bo hoped that tho Agent-General , will continue sending but a like class of immiorants to these in place of such as have arrived lately, apparently of no use as servants or laborers. When we aro paying a large yearly sum for assisting immigration to this colony, wo.havo a right to demand . that wo should be supplied with a useful clasB of luborers, and those likoly : to prove of benefit to this colony. The Young Australia lunded, including thitty-scven chil dren, ninety-eight immigrants, and all the new arrivals exeo'pt two or three married couples have readily met with engagements. Consider able disappointment is felt by employers who wore prepared to engage single women, but it seems, according to what has beou stated to us by the local immigration agent that none of these required servants wero portioned off for this pluco in consequence of their being, save with one exception, all engaged in Bowen ; bo female domestics, notwithstanding high rate of wages and ready employment offering, are still greatly in demand as heretofore. Anont the aame matter, tlie Fort Denison Times of tho 1st , lias the following : — The immigrants ox John Rennie will by this evening have all loft the ; dopOt'. A very large number have already made engagements ; and. of the remainor a portion ? have left .for Mackay and tho others will be despatched to Townsville. Tho total number landed ia Bown was 242 adultB and 94 children. Of these 16 married couples and 37 children have been despatched to Mackay, with 7 single men and women. Thero are still remaining for transmission to Townsville 20 married couples with 40 children, 3 single men and 3 single women, the whole of the remainder liuviug been engaged in Bowen. A large number of the engagements, however, have been effected on account of planters and others in Mackay, Townsville, Cardwell and the Herbert Eiver. / | 