ENGLAND. THE SEEMON DELIVEEED AT THE CONSECEATION OF THE BISHOPS OF SALFOED AND AMYCLA BY BISHOP ULLATHOENE. The Bishop of Birmingham has published, in an authorised form, the remarkable ser mon which has attracted so much, attention, and, as we have remarked, has been not a little misrepresented. We cannot do better than give as copious extracts from it as our space will admit. The first part ot the discourse is occupied by an eloquent statement of the duties of the Episcopal office, and of the test by which its authority is known to be genuine, namely, the communication of jurisdiction from the Apostolic See. The Bishop then pro ceeds : — ' There was a time, and the time ran through long ages, when the Bishops of the Church were surrounded with seoular splendour ; when, as feudal barons, a3 councillors of the sovereign, as ministers of state, or as administrators of the king's equity, they combined a temporal power from the State with the spiritual authority of the Church ; when, as large dispensers of charity and hospitality, they were endowed with considerable, and even in some cases with princely, revenues; when, in short, for fcheir services to the world they were glorified by the world. This state of things began in the fourth century with the Emperor Constantino. No sooner was Christianity seated on the throne of the world than the Emperor discovered that, in compliance with the injunction of St. Paul, the Christians had abstained from the civil courts of law, lest they should be contaminated by the idolatrous rites that accompanied the pagan's oath to his gods, and that the Bishops had become extensive arbitrators of the dispates that arose between members of their flocks. Seeing this, the Emperor invested the Bishops with judicial power in civil cases, thuB giving legal sanction to their decisions in temporal questions ; but the diadems of honour which the Emperor likewise offered them they refused to aceept. And when Charlemagne, in the eighth century, became the founder of a great Empire based on Catholic principles, he gave to the Bishops of that empire a secular power and position that consummated the union between Church and Sbate, and became the pattern to other Catholic nations. In our England, for example, the Catholic religion was held to be part and parcel of our common law for well- nigh a thousand years ; but the Bishops alone could be the interpreters and judges of that part of the common law. In those days, the Catholic faith and law of conscience were the guarantees of the duty both of the sovereign power to the people and of the people to the sovereign power. When the people were oppressed, they looked mainly to their Bishops to obtain redress, and clamoured for the return of the laws of good King Edward— king and saint in one. Except in what concerned the faith, the law of God, and the Churches constitution, the Church in her Bishops made %great sacrifices for the welfare of the State, looking above all things to the general good of the people. And the re sult has been summed up in a brief sentence by a great living statesman and historian. After a full survey of the facts, the Protestant Guizot concludes that the kingdoms of Europe and their civilization were mainly the work of the Catholic Bishops. But for the Church to accom plish effective work of this kind, it required the condition, that either the king3 with their peo ple were rising from the degraded state of pagan ism to the faith, or that from the rulers to the people the body of a nation was united in the faith ; when the State was Christian, when the people were Christian ; when the Chris tian and Catholic faith and moral teaching were recognized as the sound and secure basis of civil law and social happiness ; when, in a word, the kingdom bowed down to God, and worshipped Him in the unity of one Truth, one Church, and one Sacrifice, under the supreme authority of one Apostolic Pastor. The division of minds and separation of hearts that come of heresies, schisms, and unbeliefs, rend a nation down to it3 deepest foundations, and unnerve the power of its rulers in what concerns the radical unity of a people, from which result the essen tial peace and happiness of a kingdom. Foi what peace can there be without religious peace 1 and how can we have religious peace among men without unity? and how can vie have unity without a principle of unity ? or how can we be held together without obedience to that principle ? Then came the revolt, prepared by the disastrous Wars of the Eoses, in which ' re ligion' became the ' greatest sufferer' : — A civil war of such a character, and so pro tracted, draws into its desolating path the whole life, spirit, and vigour of a nation. Then the arts of peace languish, education descends to a low ebb, learning is left uncultivated, the quick-spirited youth of the nation abandon the Church for the sword, a general demoralization takes place, and spiritual culture is neglected for partizan warfare. The very women throw themselves with passion into conflicts that absorb all minds alike. Whatever else suffers religion becomes the greatest sufferer. Fixed to one line at last, the life and treasure.expended on that crown gave it a price in the mind of the nation to which every other right was taught to yield. Then arose the doctrine of the divine right of kings, with a tendency to absorb within it the independent lights of the Church. la the voluptuous, cruel, and rapacious Henry VIII., the crown fell first. The new nobles, put in place of the old barons who fell in the -wars, like the new men of new Italy, were eager to exchange their faith for the freedom' of the world, and to grasp the monastic property to form their estates, regardless of its being the patrimony of the poor, knd so, left without leaders, and deprived after a time of their Ca tholic Bishops, gradually and sadly the people fell from the faith whose voice they heard no more. After all this revolt, where now is the Church of God ? Wher8 rests the authority of Christ ? Con we doubt it, my Catholic brethren, after the Vatican Council ? Can we doubt it, after hearing a thousand Bishops proclaiming anew the foundations both of reason, of faith, and of authority ? The more wonderful is that unity from the fraternal conflicts that, in the spirit of episcopal freedom, went before decision. The more miraculous of grace, and of the action of the Holy Ghost, is that unity, when we behold the minority to a man confess the voice of the Church in the Vicar of Christ supported by the decision of the vast majority. It is here that you feave the admirable spectacle of Christian humility and authority united : united in the whole body of the Episcopate, united in their clergy adhering to them, united in the faith of the flocks obeying the voice of their pastors, united in the closely welded adhesion of the chief pastors without exception to the apo3tolic chair of unity, And this unity of the Church, fruit of the prayer of Christ and of the unifying spirit of the Holy Ghost, is all the more con Bpicuous from the contrast with the few, the very few, diseased already with the conceit of their learning, and lifted up in the pride of their private judgment, who, at the sharp touch of truth, have fallen away, and have left the Church in better plight for the purification. The separation of Church and State, to which the Bishop alludes as a fact of contem porary history, is not, as the Daily Telegraph would seem to infer, deliberately chosen by the Church, 'but is a. defection on the part of the State Still in many countries it is a fact, and has to be faced and dealt with. Nover (says Bishop Ullathorne) were the Bishops of the Church placed in a better position for the exercise of their prophetic office. Strip ped of earthly splendour, disencumbered of the world, set free from the odium that tell upon them from alliance with the State, and standing on no other ground than that of apostolic autho rity, the Bishop of the 19bh century is all the stronger for the change. No longer the servant . of princes, he is tenfold the servant of the people. He is tempted to no compromises of policy between the cause of God and that of the world. What was said by an eminent orator to the Revolutionary Assembly of Prance towards the close of last century is everywhere exemplified in this: ''Drive the Bishops from their palaces, and they will find refuge in the poor man's Cottage; snatch their jewelled cro siers from their hands, and they will grasp a staff of wood.' If ever a Catholic Bishop was strong, he is strong in this hour of the world's history. He is strong because he is free. He is strong because he lives a simple and frugal life. He is strong because he is a Bishop and nothing but a Bishop ; strong, therefore, in the vivid con. sciousness of his high office. Strong he is in the affections of his people, of a people who hold the faith with a loss of advantage in thia world, that makes the representative of that faith all the dearer to their souls. Strong, and vigorously strong is he, because more closely than ever united with the apostolic chair. Such, is the Catholic Bishop of this 19th century. But our extracts can but give an imperfect idea of the discourse, which should be read as a whole for its full scope to be' appre» hended. 