' RESURGAM." To the Editor of the Telegraqp. Good Mister Editor, I've read a deal Of rhetoric, by one who signs "0Coup d'(Eil," Contained in that most free and easy scroll, The' " Advocate," but under the control Of knowing cards, whose acts it must extol ?Asnent the bristlings up, and wordy strife Which darken all our days of civic litfe, As if a cloud lower'd o'er the Town-hall, Or from itsflag-staff hung a funeral pall. I'ven also read in your well- ordered paper A flight, not from your sphere, a queeriet caper, Cut by a cad Who can't ofprogress boast, But passing bounds he in the clouda seems lost. He moly luxuriate as the "Clean Potatoes," But cook'd he'll be by that Ghost." lSempor Pa. ratuI," uAnd he, " Potatoes," ne'er will cut a dash In public life, but by the critic's lshl, Whose vivisection will expose to view, Excoriating him and Thomas too. Withthese remarks I finish my preamble, To jog along in my own rhymmig amble, PROGRESS. V7BUS RETROGRESSION. tART I. All ye that in Prahran in shanties dwell Join all your voices in one mighty swell, Yeou have as "Advocate" to plead your.cass That without fee propond for you the laws ; You've Young anil Iole and cautious Mr Crews, Who'll give you scope to do just'a you choose In architecture, Gothic, classic, or Chinese, Each one may his own ardent fancy please, Or build an ark, like Noah, in advance, In case a second flood should come by chlance. These leaders I have nanled wvould never swerrove To dubious paths, for their own ends to serve (?) That canny Councillor known as Mistor Harrison, Though 'cute enough, will boar them nscomparieon, Nor ho'd impose upon you sore conditions, His model cottages and-his regulations; All torsely worded as a Sisatory Bill To make you decent?folk against your will; Like to a careful Iurse, that gives a drubbin?g To filthy urchins lothl to take a scrubbing. These Councillors in judgment-most profound, Who encourage you to squat along the'ground, Building your tenements all block-a-block In phlalnx deep to stand the wintry shock; Or sweltering in the summer's burning sun No breathing room when your day's work's done, And where every foot of ground is all alive With tenantry that in close quarters thrive; That plague once fiddled with on banks of Nile To be your portion, makes a Stoic smile. PART I1. Now turn thie leaf of this my Building story, JTudge for yourselves and don't in bunkum glory, The small-lot system leaves you no back yard, And your yomng children under lock and ward Are kept from daring larrikin and hoary sinner, Prowling around t'invite tlhemselves to dinner, Where your most private ways are intervened By loafers and by tyros, sometimes screwed, Whose uncouth langsage often meets the ears Of your dependants in their tender years, And where, like Lot, you view the conduct foul Of sinners living with you cheek by jowl. Pause and consider on your well-bought lot, What you should wisely do, what you should ijot; The air you breath,, tilough free now from pollu tion Will soon absorb tihe germs of dissolution. Better to build withll brick, if hiv'd like bees, . Venti:ato maid drain, and stamp out all disease, Defy miasma, with pestileoneo and fever cope, Banish the fire king, and let's hope That by stability, care, and insulation, We lay foundations for a prosperous nation. The poor man's house, as well as that of lord, Shouldl be the osnser's castle, and his word Should haveauthority wheno'er be speaks After his toil, when his own hearth he seeks; But when the cottage homes stand rank and file In rows of shanties stretclhing half a mile, With nothing for a deadening 'tween the walls To'stifis drunken revelries and brawls, How can a patriarchal sire perform His duty rites mid such a withlering storm, Where foul contagion lurks in overy breath; To dwell in such an atmosphere were death. Cribs, those, given over to the very devil, As breeding cages for the social evil. This is thle styleI of things now call'd progressiou, Whiethsmay be fitly termed a retrogressilon, And kept in action by that land sharkt swell Old Oily Gammon-every inch of ground must tell Ho has for sale, and to fill up his coffers He apes the " Simon Pure," and dues he offers To stifle progress, striving to curtail Improcm nt's mnarch ; and if he does prevail, Prahran in this or future generation, For hisn may perish in a conflagration. SEMIPER PA?RATUS5 Redivivus. 