THE UHOST OF TIM OLJ- YEAR. The bells were chiming out the lost moments of the year. The old familiar sounds were very plea sant to listen to, and very suggestive were they ot fond old recollections. The solitary lamp that bad been burning earlier in the evening was turned down, aud tlie moon was shining full in at the window near to which I was reclining. The bells were sweet, yet plaintive — so at least I imagined, and were therefore more in harmony with the- com- plexion of my own fancies. Occasionally a merry sound would make itself heard above the rest, but only for a moment ; and, a» if half ashamed of its boi6U.'rousiie.ss, would as suddenly subdue its tones again to the level of its neighbors. Now, 1 confess to a peculiar affection for tho music nf church lulls'. They have a strange sooth ing influence which 1 caiuKit resist. Their sounds arc full of far-off memories, which insinuate them selves into the recesses of feelinc, one hardly knows whence or how, aud I suppose no one is quite proof against their subtle influence ; and when listened to at midiright, and especially the midnight hour of the old year, when the sensibilities are rendered- pecu liarly susceptible ' By thick coining fancies,' their charm is greatly enhanced. High up in the air the suuuds seem to burst away from all' local trammels, anil float out nti the breeze far and wide, ringing out their common, unselfish psea. Just now, however, it was not a pseu they sang, but a psalm, soft and tender— plaintive, at times, as the notes of a funeral dirge ; and such indeed it was — tlte rcijuium of the old year. And then the notes changed. The bells, all at once, sent forth such a clamour of merry sounds, as if animated by an un coutrolablc spirit of rejoicing. Alt my sombre cogitations were at once put to rout, and haJf un consciously I murmured to myself — ' King out the old, ring in the new.' But how scllisli, I thought. Is that the way to discuss an old friend whom we shall never see again, to tell him to his face that we arc glad to get nd of him ? ' Oh. we don't mind it,' said a voice at my elbow. I started up from my recumbent position, for t was not aware that 1 had uttered my thoughts aloud, or that there was a second person present to hear if I had ; but to ray great surprise, on looking round, a- strange personage was seated in tho arm-chair at my side, and without giving me time to utter the interrogation that was on my lip, the visitor con tinued, 'No, we don't mind it at all, because we know they dou't mean it.' ' Don't mean what?' I ventured to ask, without the slightest idea whom I was talking to. ' Oh ! they don't mean to be selfish, or to hurt one's feelings. Tennyson, with his tine wordB, just means the same as that other follow with his rough, unpolished lines — ' There's a good time coming boys i Wait a little longer.' So you sec- it's not the old year that they wieh to slight, but the now year that they give a welcome to. Aud that is just the way tbe world wags, as glorious old Will puts it, and so it must continue to wag, 1 suppose. It is an inexorable law of necessity that the old muBt give place to the new, and its perfectly fair, perfectly fair ; we have had our turn, and its ouly right that others should have theirs.' My strange guest was evidently inclined to be somewhat garrulous, so t thought t would juBt humor him. ' So that's what the merry bells mean, is it,' I said ; ' they think the good time is coming.' ' That's just it,' was the reply. 'Hope is like the sphinx that tbe elders used to talk about ; it renews itself at certain periods, or at least makes a pretence of doing so, and the new year is one of theBe periods. It's a patient thing is this hope — more patient than patience itself.' Now, thought t, he is getting a little mystified, for / was certainly, tat 1 said nothing. In tbe same unmoved strain he went on. ' I have heard some of our family say they have been going on in tliiB fashion— talking about the good time — for ages, and every new year, as it has lopped upon the stage, has plumed its feathers, as if it were the fortunate one that would hare tlie honor of ushering it in, aud those '''Mirg bells are just as silly as the rest of them.' Who ' the rest of them' were, whether btUs or somethingelse, I was at a toss to knew, but 1 felt rather ruffled that he should apply snob a term aa ' cackling ' to my favorite befls. So I eaid, some near the good tune now ? Just look W; Uie-great things we have been doing Utoly— look at the signs of the times.' ?» 'Sad, voty sad,' was the reply. - 'Sad f Why, there never was Wb In igeta this ; if s a. wonderful age, « marvellous sse. Our forefathers atuLJ»remotners were dreadfully aloir coaches coiriparttUto their illustrious progeny ; alt . ? very well in their *WAy and for those tunes, put tad times, indeed! Why,. look at our tnodem ttu-, . stitotions, social and political, our fiber*?, Mdfhft bold spirit of enquiry that is abroad. tS» gnmftt age does not accept traditions aspnndjdesjUnlti tutionaare not now venerated *unplyl-eeMJ»»# -' their antiquity. No, we have got Myoad iUJbit Mnrt'frf thing,' leaid, warming op - , „ 'Not so fast young man. not so fast * iMHMnjte gold that gJitters.1 This spirit of ttpaWcMB^St you are so proud of— like tkeoldGeaU-£$a*,»ri$bl» tiling when it ii fairly let \we AlreaOjrit wr ing away the oM altars as If Jibe old V^flfiijm. ; come to life again, and if yMH-«jMic«iBfett| Khm by your own dust you would see mluH| tttite i is often mistaken lor progress fowjiW nflws-v* proud of the noble projects and tbe ,jMp£j tiiae- - uanimous spirits of the age, btitdeli^inaSbBttA stupendous shams for what Ibetr are net! H3hM||t-~ tanism oan be brilliant as well .as ib| fAgHtbbUft? Z ' The eood time i««w^iniv- pimli.»la*Si*miSfaiiifyii , '' tnatallthe sigu otthe ttmts^MS^^X ?'- Yonr true poet is your true hhUl +&ttmjfimih; : « his own beautiful aentimtnta t£e*nJi3xik3i.WjS» advent: — ' ' Ring eat the old; tferlnjfceiiew, IUng^theWs«r*Jl«5l«E*«i*. * An^*»dmt ibra%*^s*rifek - ' vfv ltmgtl- tlien6bl«rtBOMsm4ifa. ''i-'i'\~' Wi&sweeitttiuumfa;^TtimitV*. i '- fin s|iwiiii iii- niitiii nT nwfiifTYw 