THE MASS. ; P Mrs. Dor ville, ; rich and courted, in former: days, now poor, forgotten, and just widowed, received tidings, through a soldier froin Africa, that her only son had been shot in battle and'- ciu-i-ieu on uy uie lvaiurs, wiio had doubtless- made an end of him. Overwhelmed by this- bereavement, the poor mother wished a mass to be said for tlio relief of her dear child's soul. But alas ! she was so poor, that she had scarcely" been able to fee the doctor who had attended her husband, and to pay- the priest who had- ' buried him. Mrs. Dorville . took courage, however, and' cauie to consult the priest; . f . -Have a begging-mass said, said lie. .What is that?— It is this.. If you had wealth, - you would pay for some masses wliich would- undoubtedly be agreeable to God. Now if you purchase this- mass at tho expense of a little humiliation, it will he worth much more in the- eyes of the Lord. - Go then from door to door, hog every one to give you a penny ; and; when. you have twenty, bring them to me, aud i will perform the divine rite to draw your son out of purgatory. ' That is wbat is called a beggiiig- niass. . The poor mother had hut one thing in view,, —vo relievd her boy's soul; and determined, with the more alacrity, to follow his advice, as being extremely painful to her pride, and all the more meritorious. She sallied forth, then, to go and beg pence for the mass which was to- . draw her son out of purgatory. Before proceeding further, it will he well to state that ri Protestant missionary had lately' settled in the . town ; that ho preached against" the doctrines , of the Romish Church,- and that the populrition, little satisfied with .their priest, , had flocked to hear the preacher. On the- previous day, ho had spokeri against the sacrifice of t-lie mass, so that, just then, his hearers had' their heads full of his arguments. Mrs. Dorville knocked first of all at the- doctor's door. I am begging, said she, on entering) for a mass to get my son out of" purgatory. And who tells ; you your son is in' purgatory ?— His reverence. And how does he know that ho is not in hell-?.; What are you saying ! O, sir ! , Or else, liow does he know that lie is not in paradise? . ; b; , , Ah ! well ! But, in my-', case, it is; most' prudent to have the mass said. Indeed, it can do him lio harm. Yet hear' this ; last summer tlio farmers of N- — , wishing; for sun to ripen the corn, thought they would' have a mass said to that intent. The same day, the neighbouring milers came to ask the same service from the priest, to obtain rain which by. swelling the stream would timi the mill. The- priest took the farmers' money as well as the millers',, and sang two masses, to obtain rain and fair weather , at once. Dp you believe' that God. fulfilled both intentions ? Mrs. Dorvillb' saw that nothing was to he- expected from the doctrir, arid passed on to his neighbour. When she had told the object of her visit, Was your son baptised ?-, -asked lie. — Yes. And what does , baptism effect, according, to our priest ? — It blots out sins. Right. Then, did your son believe in Jesus Christ ? — Undoubtedly. And what is the use of believing in Jesus Christ ; that is, according to our . priest?— To obtain the forgiveness of our sins. —Very well. So then, your son is twice pardoned. , ' Did lie not .also receive the blessed com munion ?— -He at least took tbe first communion. ;And what, is the, fruit, of that communion, still according to our priest ?— To offer the sacrifice of ' Jesus Christ, wliicli '.blots out our sins. ; There then, your son is four times saved. . Did ho riot ; also recei v e extreme : miction avhen' dying ?— I , know HiQtliing about that.— Let us- suppose it, since itphay be so ; your child then, is five! times forgiven his sins) ' And you would ihaye'.a.niass said to' save him who 'has; heehr saved live times ? : Do yon not perceive that it- is absurd ; and that if a single one of .these five, srilvatidns' is, good, and four others are good for, nothing?'' Believe uie,' or,' fatlie'r, believe' tbe- .gospel, which says that wo arc saved through- faith in Jesus Christ. What ? is baptism of no use ? — Oh yes ; hut baptism is a symbol of the washing away of our sins by tlie Holy Spirit ; it is not in itself cleansing. And are we not to take the blessed communion, then? — I do not say that; the communion is a memorial of the death of the Saviour for believers. Are we not, then, to receive the priest's absolution 1 — Better have that of God ! And are we not to receive the anointing of oil? — I prefer that of the Holy Ghost. At .any rate there are not six salvations. There is only one ; but it is great, glorious all- sufficient for you, for me, for your son, for the 1 entire world from beginning to end. Which is I it? — Jesus, dying on the cross for believers. | But where is my son? — In hell, if he died 1 impenitent ; in heaven, if he believed. Who, I then, is in purgatory ? — No one. What, then, f is tlie use of the" mass? — None at all. For 1 whom, then, was it established ? — For tlie I living, and not for the dead. What living ? — i .Go and ask your priest ! And with that, the doctor's neighbour bowed to the widow, and withdrew. With a step already slower, Mrs. Dorville presented herself at the door of a wine merchant, and asked him, as she had tlie others, for a penny to have the sacrifice of the body of J esus Christ offered up. Is it tlie sacrifice of the host, that you mean ? — IV ell, yes ; tho host is Jesus Christ. No ; the host is the'host.— But do you not know, that, .by a miracle, the bread is changed into tho body of the Saviour ?— By a miracle, say you? But how do you know that a miracle is really performed? does not the bread keep the form of bread, the colour of bread, the "weight of bread, the taste of bread ? how say von then that it is transformed into the body of Jesus Christ" ?— ' That is the miracle, I tell you. Rather that is .the absurdity ! If through the priest's consecration, the bread were changed in form, colour, weight, and taste, then _ there would be a miracle. But there is nothing of all that : liow then can I know that tlie miracle \ has taken place ? When Christ performed a | miracle, it struck tho sight of all ; the sick were I cured, the dead were raised. Here, . cried' the merchant, presenting to Mrs. Dorville a glass ; -t iste that.— It is water, said the widow, after having raised it to her lips. Now taste this. — I It is wine, said she, after the like trial. Well then, continued tho wine merchant, if, at tho \ marriage of Cana, when J esus gave tlie order to j draw out the water changed into wine, the j guests had found in the r beverage the taste of | water, do you think tliey would have cried, a I miracle? — No. Why then was every one surprised? Because tho water, changed into wine, had taken its colour and taste, although Jesus had said nothing about it. Well now, this is precisely the difference between Jesus Christ and the priest: Jesus Christ performs the miracle, and does not speak of it ; whereas the priest speaks of it, and does not perform it ! For my part, I shall believe in traiisubstan- tiationrwiicn the priest can tell me that his grape- juice, has taken the taste of blood, as the water of Cana took tlie taste of wine. (To be continued .) 