NORTH-WEST MAILS. The Postmaster-General has favoured us with the subjoined telegramf rom Mr. E. T. Braddock, the Blinman Postmaster: — Blinman, February 6, 5.56 p.m. The North-West mail arrived here at 6.45 a.m., ana lerc on us return at iua,m. xne cause of the detention was a delay of 70 hours at the Mount Hamilton Creek owing to the Boods. __ A Capture and its Results.— On Tuesday afternoon Constable Morgan arrested, in the Light Scrub, near Linwood, James Birken, a man who was charged with horsestealing. Birken offered a stout resistance, and in his efforts to escape so fell that his right leg was broken just above the ancle. The policeman, having obtained a conveyance, brought bis prisoner to Kapunda, where the broken limb was attended to by Dr. Blood; but in conse quence of the leg swelling it could not be set till next moraing. On Wednesday the charge was investigated by two Magistrates in the police cell, but the evidence of feloniou3 intent not being sufficiently conclusive the case was dismissed. Birken was conveyed to the Ade laide Hospital by the train on the 'Wednesday afternoon. Sharks Again.— One of the midshipmen of H.M.S. Clio had on Wednesday a narrow escape while paddling in a canoe, for a shark bit a hole in the bottom of the boat and capsized the craft. The middy was rescued unhurt by tha Clio's gig. Smelting.— Cail is scarce at Port Wallaroo as the result of the Newcastle strike, and the consequence is that many of the furnaces have been allowed to go out; still during the past fortnight 191 tons of fine copper have been turned out of two refineries, , New MV8IC— The 'Clio Gal'p' is a pboe of music c--nii':3ed by Howard H. Smith, biid Hi88ter H.M.S. Clio, and dedicated torhe'itS en of that vesufl. It has been very neatly -'ot -ip by Reading & Co , of Sydney. The inUo.ly ia light and graceful, ami though there are hore and there. what are technically called 'jou- cealed consecutive fifths,' which migut h*ve been avoided by having recourse to a contrary or oblique motion of thu p^ts, the conipoaitua as a whole is very creditable indeed to the author. The strains are in E and A in.ijor respectively, and there are no dificulties which j a pianist of very moderate attainments could not surmount. ' The King's Highway'!* another composition just issued hy the same publishers. It is, howev r, very different f rorn the ' Clio Galop,' being quite ecclesiastical in ita character. The words are by Australia and the music by E. M. W. It appears to have been written 03 a vocal quartette, but the parts are so arranged that they may be performed upou the harmomium. The composer has evidently studied the laws of counterpoint, and in this instance ho ha pro duced a work rich in harmony. We are in debted to Mr. H. H. Smith for a copy of each of the above compositions. Travelling a Toper.— The need of a Justice of the Peace at the Prince Alfred Mine is shown by the fallowing rich case:— A miner who had been indulging too freely was locked up at the mice on January 31, but as there was no Magistrate nearei than Melrose Police trooper JdcBeth had to take his prisoner there, and on the afternoon of February 3 the man was charged with his offence before Mr. Moor house, J.P., who discharged the defendant without a fine in consideration of his having been hi custody four days. The man has cer tainty paid heavily for his excess, considering the time he was under restraint, and that he was discharged at Mount Remarkable, whence he had to go 70 miles to get back to his work 'at the mine. Captain Quin. --The Harbour-Master of Port Adelaide has been for several weeks indisposed, and having had sick-leave granted to him, proceeded on Wednesday upon a trip in search of renewed health. While the Kirkham was on the inner bar Captain Quin took soundings round that vessel, and a coup dt soleil then received was the primary cause of his present illness. Haselmater.— The Adelaide public appre ciate the cleverness of the performances that are nightly given in White's Room, if the attendance on Wednesday evening caa be taken as a criterion. The_ magician, musician, esco moteur, and prestidigitateur, as he styles him self, is wonderfully proficient in his art, and had he lived in the time of magic-hating King Jame3 his existence would have been speedily and uncomfortably closed. A fraction of what he does with so much ea3e would have in olden times gained him a martyrdom as a wizard, whose dealings would have been regarded as with spirits of evil. It is notified that to-night there will be an entire change of programme. Snakebite.— Recently a man named McCourt, who is cutting thistles on the Crown lands out side the District Council in the Hundred of Blanche, was bitten byja snake. The circum stances were peculiar. 'Having come suddenly upon the reptile neither was able for a few seconds to get away from each other, and the snake becoming irritated struck the man below the knee, inflicting two small punctures, from which a very small quantity of blosd oozed. The man having dispatched the reptile, cut the wound open and scarified it j it was then sucked by a lad, and the man went home. He then drank three glasses of brandy, after which he wept to sleep and did not wake till late on the following morning, when all dangerous symptoms had abated.— Mount Gavibier Standard. Attempted Escate.— On Monday, February 3, a prisoner, whose name we have been unable to ascertain, got away from the Stockade, and ran along the Gawler-road. His absence was, however, soon noted. The signal-gun was fired and a pursuit began, settlers in the neighbour hood joining in the race. One of the guards, in his eagerness to perform his duty, took off his bcotsthat they might not impede bis pro gress, but rocky ground brought him to a stand before long just as he had almost reached the runaway. He threatened to fire upon the con vict unless he stopped, and as the man continued his course the guard fired. Altogether fifteen shots were fired by various persons. He was captured after a chase of about two miles. South-road Races.— A report of these spsrts, which took place on Wednesday to the south of the Glenelg Railway on th© South-road, will be found in another part of this issue. In one of the events— the Shorts— Tommy Jackson, who was on No-Name, was thrown heavily on his head, and was for a long time insensible. He was attended on the course by Dr. Clindening, and under his direction removed to the private house of Mr. Brown near. Afterwards Dr. Peel was in attendance on him, and he was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, where he now lies suffering from concussion of the brain. While the unfortunate fellow's friends and Dr. Clin dening were trying to restore consciousness a crowd of half-drunken people kept close round, and could not be held off at a sufficient distance to afford the sufferer the- much-needed air. It seemed strange that police had not been told off for the duty of attending such a race meeting where many events might occur demanding their presence. Harvest Thanksgiving. — On Wednesday evening thanksgiving services were continued at St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, the clergymen present being Dean Russell, the Revs. T. J. Smyth. M. A., J. Pollitt, and H. M. Pollitt. The Rev. T', J. Smyth preached from Psalm cxi. 5. Referring to the Jewish custom of devoting the first fruits to God, he urged that as worthy of beiDg followed in these days. He expressed himself as niuch pleased at the good array of earth's produce adorning the Church. The offertory, as before, was in aid of the Melauesian Mission. The service lasted nearly two hours. Congregational Items.— The February num ber of the South Australian Independent, after a short article on the University, a long one upon the Relation of Children to the Church, another on the Bennett Judgment and the Evangelicals, and a reference to Wesley's Preference, has sundry miscellaneous papers, followed by the subjoined, among other denominational infor mation:— The Revs. J. Gibson and P. Barr hav» been making arrangements for periodical ser mons at Blanchetown, where religious services have seldom been held, and that, acting with the concurrence and under the advice of tho Wesleyan minister of the Circuit in which Freeling is situated, the Rev. J. C. McMichael has undertaken to deliver a discourse monthly at Freeling. The Rev. J. A. Dowie, who was recognised as pastor at Alma in May, has re signed his position. The deacons of Clayton Church, Kensington, have been seeking in this and the neighbouring provinces for a suitable minister, and have now desired the Rev. T. Binney to select a pastor. In the meantime, the Church has accepted the generous offer of Mr. Harcus, who formerly officiated at Clayton, to supply the pulpit for six months free of remu neration, so that the receipts from pew-rents, collections, &c;, shall be reserved for defraying the expenses of bringing the new minister. Mr. M. Disk, who recently arrived from Glasgow University, and has been preaching at Salisbury, will also visit Clayton. The Rev. A. Scales, after nearly a year's absence in Victoria lately re- turned to Adelaide. The Rev. T. F. Bird, who has, it is stated, been labouring about 14 years in Tasmania and elsewhere in connection with the Wesleyans,has been recently preaching at the Oxford-street Independent Chapel, Mel bourne, with a view to filling the vacancy in tha pastorate. The Rev. S, U, Rothwell, who has had charge of the Methodist Free Church in Richmond, Victoria, upon the expiration of his term of three years there, has joined the Con gregational body, and is officiating at Ballarat. The magazine has also the annexedparagraph — 'Some difference of opinion as to whether Jews or Independents stood at the top of the educational list in Victoria has been expressed. Certainly the official table published some time ago gave the palm to the Jews, but closely f ol lowing were the Independents, who stood at the head of all Christian bodies for the number of persons able to read and write, while the Churches of England and Rome stood at the bottom of the list. Dr. Embling, M.L.C., how. ever, denies our secondary position, and in a letter recently published he says— 'The Indepen deptsare far ahead of other sects— Jews included — in the matter of education. Mr. Archer being my authority, the Independents are the best-educated portion of this colony.' Far North Rainfall. - Frora Blmcnaa, on Fo*ru:iry 3, our loci! eorre-jprmdeat writes: — *'I* is 'ratifying : j a^ain record ;i spier- lid fall of ra'n in this r-jput.ihly raiui' -ss * North. It commence:! on Sm-dav at mi-May, .ml con tinued m,,r3 or less hoavy until 'Wednesdjy afternoon when it miishe.i with n« -o\ flnwup mr of from threti-q-mrters to an hour's continuauco. r».e quantify registered must have heeii'littb short or' four inche- The nnd southward is in n.auy places flooded out. A substautiil fori that w«s put down at Wilpena Creek about 12 ra.ntfaa since i, washed away. Fortunately a saaii mm has been made available Tor the ^orthem-road, and a party of men are at tund to cou.menco repairing the damage, otherwise considerable delay must h*ve arisen to heavily loaded drays, causing expense and loss 01 tinw to tradesmen and inconvenience to the public. Several wagons that were near have come in since the rain,, with the goods of course tnorouf hly soaked, and doubtless considerably u^ j The Journey of the mail coach do vn on Monday must have beea a heavy one; it was the nrst trip under the new proprietary.' FlhK.— On Wednesday evening the grva on tbe bouth Australian Cricket Association's grounds was on fire, but the extent of the damage done in the Oval was not then known. TbeCommodorb'8 Ship.— H.M.S. Cii« ha? been visited by numbers of private persona who have had the ship thrown open to their inspee n« ' ?n TT^ T)r' Duncan, the Health Omcer, boarded her, and several otier notables were received on the same day. The corvette formed a source of attraction to several groups of pleasure-seekers on Wednesday, and the boats from the Semaphore Jetty, took numbers of people to inspect, the ship. We hear that a cricket match will shortly be played between an eleven chosen from H.M. ship Clio and an equal number of 8outh Australian cricketers. The day and place have not yet been fixed, Northern Territory Thunder. — The writer of a series of ably-prepared articles on Port Darwin, furnished to a Victorian paper, has contributed the following description of natural phenomena as observed in the Northern Territory :— ' This is the region par excelhna of thunderstorms. Jove roars his loudest and shoots quivers full of many coloured arrows of lightning. I enjoy the majestic roll, the far echoing deafening peal, and the quick condensed musketrv-like sound of thunder, the pale green, white, red, and blue flash and jagged streak of lightning. The finest of these atmospheric effects are found by Alpine climbers ; round the Victorian coast where travellers by sea have been afforded the treat of continuous lightning for houre playing round the mast head, performing a kind of weird dance with balls of St. Elmo's fire; and I have myself on one rare occasion in Victoria seen the whole inky horizon in every quarter brilliantly lit up by a quivering network of chain lightning. I thought that the beauty of the lightning of that night was unforgetable, but all has been surpassed by the electric exhibitions and the thunders of these northern skies. The magnifi cence of a thunderstorm at night here makes an ineffaceable impression, the sight dwells in memory, and is, if I may say so, framed and care fully stored in a chamber of the brain to be viewed on many a future day. The rain descends in torrents ; Jupiter Pluvias and Neptune are in their angriest mood— apparent by the sea on the beach foaming and deafening us with hisses at the terrible deluge vexing it. The long bright flashes show the hills on the other side of the bay in a strange unearthly blue light, and even through the darkness we can see the phosphore scent whiteness colouring the waves, so many ghosts of tumbling snowy water, seemingly silent as ghosts, for the thunder drowned then: noise. It is in a criticism on Hugo's ' By Order of the King* that Swinburne depicts in most euphonious words a night storm at sea, when the infuriated waters shriek and complain to the raging heaven. The language of the poet critic is wanted to do justice to the sights and sounds of a midnight thunderstorm at Port Darwin.' Vital Statistics.— The numberof births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ending Saturday, February 1, were:— Births— 20 males, 19 females. Deaths —15 males, 8 females. Total— 39 births, 23 deaths. Excess of births, 16. The Salabt op Tabhanian Governors.— The Hobart Toicn Mercury reports ' that in the Assembly thedespatch, dated April 10, from Lord Kimberley, in reference to the Governor's salary, has been considered. It was expected that there would have been some discussion, and no doubt members would have had a good deal to say on the subject had not the Colonial Trea surer, at the outset, read a despatch which was received by His Excellency, in which Lord Kimberley promised that consent would be given to a Bill fixing the salary and allowances at £3,500, but the colony would have to provide all furniture and equipments for Government House. This sum is £500 less than was fixed by Parliament last year as sufficient for the future representatives of Her Majesty, andhon. members, with a keen eye to business, saw that the most advisable course they could take would be to accept the proposal of the Secretary of State at once, inasmuch as, if the session closed before the matter was settled, a new Governor might be appointed before the next session, and he would then have to be paid £6,500 per annum. One notable member for the North, Mr. Dooley, probably with a desire to show his constituents that he was keeping his eye in tently on the disbursement of the public money, wanted to know from the Treasurer whether the Chief Justice could not perform the duties of Governor; but he quickly subsided upon hearing the ' Oh, ohs,' and laughter which his sugges tion met with. He was the only opponent to Lord Kimberley's proposal, which was accepted. A resolution was passed in the afternoon, and in the evening a Bill fixing the future salary and allowances at £3,500 was passed through all its stages and transmitted to the Legislative Council, where both the resolution and the Bill were also passed. The sum of £2,500 was also passed to provide furniture, &c;, for Government House.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal*] The Moonta.— An official visit is being paid to ? the Moonta Mines by several of the Directors. BoTANip Garden Gift.— We learn that Mr. H. C. Mais, the Engineer- in-Chief, has accepted an offer of Dr. Schomburgk's to supply him with a number of pines and other trees for planting round the new reservoir and along the lines «f railway. The doctor has several thousand well rooted young plants which he is reserving for the purposes indicated, and which in a few years may be expected to be of good service to the colony. Appeals against Waterworks Assessments. —At the Adelaide Local Court on February 5 there were 37 appeals heard against the Water works assessment, and the Accountant of the department represented the Commissioner. In five instances the amounts were confirmed, in 29 the sums were reduced by consent, similar assessments having been lessened either by the Corporations at their revisions or since then by the Court, and three assessments were reduced by consent of the Commissioner. A Brutal Fellow.— A man named James Kane was brought before Messrs. Bonney, Tom kiceoD, And C. W. Davies, at the City Police Court, on Wednesday, charged with a brutal assault upon hia wife, who appeared before the Bench with her face terribly swollen and bruised, and stated that much more, serious damage was inflicted on other parts of her body. The caw disclosed an altogether lamentable state of affaire. The man wa3 stated to be a kind feusband when sober, but when in drink something like a fiend. His common practice was to beat and kick his wife and pull her hair. On the other hand, it was alleged that Mrs. Kane was also ia the habit «f drinking immoderately,. and that she did not attend to her husband's comfort in the pre paration of his meals or in other respects. The Bench inflicted on defendant the moderate fine of 20s., thinking that there might have been provocation, and that a higher penalty would have an injurious effect upoa the wife. Pro bably, however, the leniency will not be of much benefit to the woman. Imkirtaot to Purchasers op drafirt and Clothing.— The Annual Clearing Sale of Summer Goods is now on at T. Losbrgan's, 62, Hindley-street. Discount and Bargains. Geelong Tweed' Suits to order, and a Large Stock of Ready-made Clothing. Country Customers will effect a great saving by buying their Drapery and Clothing at this Genuine Sale. Note the adores* -T, Loniegan, 62, Hindley.street. ihscv 