THE POPES PAINTED BY THEMSELVES. By Rev. Nafoleon Eoussel, Minister of the Deformed Church of France. Tlie next is a Hunting scene, which is ex-, plained by the inscription it hears : "The meek pastor pursues none but wild beasts." Why is Paul III. " called a meek pastor ? "Because,"- answers Bonnani, "his natural clemeiicy had human blood in horror, in sueli deep horror, that he1 was content to punish with mere imprisonment the most detestable criminals." - Who, then, arc the wild beasts that so meek a pastor pursues ? Those men must be vei-y guilty to "deserve death at the hands of a Pope who inflicts no: other punishment than imprison ment on the most detestable criminals'! Had they; like the: Emperor Nero, set fire to the city of Rome ? y#>r, like Pope Alexander VI., had they had the sauie woman for daughter, wife, and daughter-in-law ? No, these ferocious beasts were heretics, who dare to aspire after tho liberty: of thinking, differently . from the meek pastor : First, there was Peodiebrad, king of Bohemia, a beast ferocious enough to afford shelter to the' persecuted Hussites : .then there' were the historians Platina, Lcetus, and other writers, guilty of having published scientific books at the epoch, when Paul, 1H. had declared it sufficient- to know how to read aud write. Further, the Jesuit commentator, in ' order to eulogise' this illiterate : Pope, ' says, on' the occasion of this very medal : "That he was not one of those negligent pastors ; and that of this;" tho punishments indicted upon the heretics of Pola, (they only put theni to death,) the con demnation of the lieresiarcli Rockizanus; ' and that of' George Peodiebrad! 'aro: sufficient! proofs!" ; . , ,,, f, This, then, is the- meekness of a Pope : , the persecution of a king; a massacre of learned' men ; tho butchery of ' 'a 1 'people, — all under' : the pretext of Heresy. :; If these -were His: tender: mercies, what were his severities ? But I had forgotten that Paul III. never acted with severity, and that his horror of blood was such, that He Had not the heart to cause' even robbers and assassins to be put to death ! O Papal benignity ! Lastly, it must be granted that all this may yet be surpassed ; and we are going to see tho proof of it in the last medal which we have to examine. The feast of Saint Bartholomew — that blood memorial which the successors of tlie Popes would themselves wish effaced from the memory of nations, is hero found attributed to its real authors. If statesmen lent their aid to this deed of darkness, Churchmen had called them to it ; if Charles IX. lircd upon his people, priests had loaded his carbine. But a medal, engraved by the Popes themselves, is going to speak. We see here a destroying angel — a sword in one hand, a cross in the other — sent to massacre the Huguenots, who have been surprised in the dead of the night. It would ho impossible for the clergy to accept more fully the responsibility of this enormous crime. The angel here is not emblem of the State, but of the Church, and tho medal was not struck by King Charles IX., hut by the Pope Gregory from which he professses to derive glory. This his panegyrist admits, or rather he boasts of it, and .in these terms: — "Hero is the massacre of the Calvin- istic rebels called Huguenots ; a massacre censured by a great number of heretics, hut approved of by many Catholic defenders ; a massacre which was met by the plaudits of Rome and Spain ; and by the complaints, the accusations, and tlie doleful groans of Germany, of England, aud of Switzerland." See here, then, — for a crime the most appalling — tlic apology, written by a Jesuit and engraved by a Tope ! . . . . But no reflections ; let us leave to Bonnani the task of describing the Pontificial joy. When, therefore, 25,000 innocent persons had been butchered in a few days, partly in Paris, partly in tlie provinces, and tlie agreeable news had reached tho instigator of so many assassinations: "This unhoped-for change," says the Jesuit, "filled the Popo and Italy with joy so much tlie more intense, as they had feared that they should see even the Peninsula itself infected with heresy. Immediately on receiving the news, the Pope went from the church of St. Mark to that of St. Louis with solemn pomp ; and having ordained a jubilee, lie invited all Christian people to' pray for tho religion of France, and for the monarch of that realm. He employed George Vasari, at the Vatican, to pourtray .the massacre . of Coligny and- his partisans, as a monument of religion avenged and heresy ruined. Feeling assured that the copious bleeding which had drawn so much corrupt blood from the un healthy body of France, would . be salutary to her, ho congratulated the. king by his legate, and counselled him to persist vigorously in the work he had undertaken, and not to compromise by mildness what he had so happily commenced by severe remedies. "To shew that tlie massacre had been accomplished by the help of God and under his Divine inspiration ( divino consilio J, he caused a medal to be struck, on which is seen an angel, armed with a sword and a cross, pursuing tho rebels ; an image which recalls to the mind both the white crosses with which they had marked the houses of the heretics, and those which the soldiers wore in their caps." ; "With what infernal satisfaction the Jesuit depicts the diabolical glee of tlie Pope ! With what delight they both of them see tho blood flowing ! But, once more, no commentary of our own; let us listen for tlie last time to the atrocious calmness with which the .Jesuit continues to explain the medal, "St. Jerome teaches us," says lie, "that angels are tlie ministers of tho Divine wrath, which in this' case made use of the weapons of the King. It was thus that an angel of the Lord smote, during tlie night, So, 000 Assyrians encamped before Jerusalem. Besides, nothing is more ancient than the representation of tho angels. God commands, in his Law, both to make and preserve these lioly images even in the sanctuary of the temple. Exodus xxv. ' Thou shalt make' two clierubims of gold, which shall look one to another, in the two. ends 'of the mercy seat. ' " But are we not restraining ourselves too long? Must we, to be impartial, appear by silence to approve the most dastardly cruelty, cloaked by tho most disgusting hypocrisy '? No, at length we speak out, and give vent to our wliolo indignation. Here, then, are tlie Popes ; proud, idolatrous, ambitious, - criminal ! No, I am mistaken ; ordinary criminals excuse or deny their acts ; But these Popes boast , of theirs and glory iu them; they distinguish their assassins by the title of Destroying Angel, and believe them selves washed from the blood that -lias been poured out ; tlioy bless their ministers going forth as regicides : if they triumph, they will make kings of tliem, if they fail, they will make martyrs of them ; and thus, perverting both the tongue and the conscience, they call virtue crime, and crime virtue, they merely term such atrocities holy severities, pious frauds, blessed crimes ; and that is all ! Ah ! ye wliited sepulchres'; not thus acted the Divine Master whose name and titles you usurp ; aud there cannot be a keener censure of your conduct than tlie history of Jesus Christ. What is there in common between you and this Jesus — so meek, so humble, so pure so holy? What resemblance between the Saviour wearing a crown of thorns burdened with drops of his own blood, and .you wearing a tiara of throe stages, high, covered with diamonds ? What connexion between his " kingdom," which he says "is not: of this- world," and yours, whose aim is to . extend istelf over worldly gold and power ? What analogy between Jesus refusing to lie king,-' and you usurping crowns ? between Jesus transforming his disciples into servants, and you, of your creatures, making kings and princes ?. Wlien you. present your slipper to. be : kissed -by a monarch) .do you greatly resemble Jesus washing tlie'feet'of His disciples'? Reposing on the -down- of your ' places, do you well remember Him ,wlio. Had not where to lay liis .Head?.;. Ye meek pastors," who eagerly pursue Heretics to 'put them to death, have you taken as your pattern the "Good Shepherd" 'climbing tlie iiioufitains to : bring back ' on liis shoulders, -the" wandering .sheep ? Jesus forgave the Samaritans ; you massacre the Huguenots ! Jesus died for sinners ; you cause the innocent to be put to death ! J esus, poor and humble, went about doing good ; you, rich, Haughty, and powerful, sow every where hatred, anathemas, and faggots ! But the Popes of our day, are they not better than those of former times ? Go and ask Ciocci — escaping from the dungeons of the inquisition ; go visit the places of the Roniagna transformed into state prisons ; estimate, if you can, the number of mendicants and assassins of the Fontificial States ; see the misery and ignorance of the most Catholic nation upon earth, the absence of industry and commerce, tho thinking men proscribed, tlie learned silenced, and the rest of the world receiving from the Pope for teachers, Jesuits; for religion, relics; for precepts, novenas ; for salvation, masses ; for hope, purgatory ! Ah ! it is not the people upon whom we should charge their unbelief, but their spiritual guides, destroying the faith by their vices and. their crimes. Infidelity has always increased with tho number and influence of the Romish clergy : Italy is worse than Spain, because it lias the Pope and his court at its head ; Spain is worse than France, because it has cherished the inquisition ; and France is worse than the United States, because it still has a numerous body of Romish clergy. Do you think that if the Popes had hecn as virtuous as some have been criminal, Europe would be at this day so deeply plunged iu demoralization and impiety ? No ; and I take yourself, reader, as a witness. If, as spiritual guide, were presented to you a being, truly pure, truly holy, whose every word was a" truth, every action a kindness, every promise a certainty ; would you not feel yourself attracted toward sucli a bishop of your soul ? Would 3' ou not be rejoiced to hear him, ready to obey him, and 'desirous to imitate hiinj What, then, if this Bishop, or Pope, were willing to givo you, and not to sell 3-011, the greatest favours of heaven, and to guarantee to you, from this very day, your everlasting salvation ? All ! doubtless 3-011 would love him as yourself; you would make him, in some sense, your god upon earth ! Well, then, listen : such a Pope exists, ho is Jesus Christ ! What Pope of Rome would dare to deny this ? Yes, reader, Jesus Christ is your true Bishop, your true Master. He, and he aloue, bas al ways spoken tho truth, always .lived liolily, alwa3's kept his promises, and given, instead of selling, not dead relics to restore health, but " his living body to expiate your sins! What- Pope has descended from his throne to die as an . outcast for tho saving of his people ? It is Jesus Christ, who descended from iieaveji to expire on. earth in the stead of those who confide in libn What Pope has published bulls really iuspircd- by the Holy Ghost, aud of which every word is certain? Jesus Christ, who has left us the- writings of liis Apostles in the New Testament ; a book infallible, divine, and sufficient to guide and save us. What Pope is there whose life, from first to last, can serve us for a model?' Jesus Christ, who went about doing good, preaching the Gospel to the poor, visiting the sick, comforting the afflicted, and pardoning his enemies. Ah ! let us at length be wise ; let us leave 3'onder that vast succession of Popes, defiled, cruel, ignorant ; and let tisr- content ourselves with one who is pure, gentle, and all-powerful ! Is not one holy God more- worthy of estimation than a thousand men wlio - are sinners? Cannot Jesus Glirist supply the place of all tho Popes fur Lis V tlofiua, who- speaks to us in the Bible, answers us from the highest heavens, and is ready to give to us-- etefnal life to-day, this very instant, if to-day, if this very instant, we are all willing to confide in him ? Yes; and, therefore, without doubt,. I take for Master, for judge, for teacher, not- tlie Pope — mere man who sits at Rome, — but Jesus Christ, the true God who reigns in the- heavens. Clerical Education in Rome. — Every person in Rome (writes the Daily Newf corres pondent) knows that at the present moment the great object of tbo Clericals is to promote a - disturbance,- with the view of spreading in foreign Governments the belief that liberty of worship- is not permitted to Roman Catholics in Rome. Tlie monks, with dread of their approaching . suppression before their e3'es, have it naturally most at heart. The nuns even more so, because they are .threatened more than over with the- deprival of that position as teachers of youth which they are most shamefully abusing. On . this point the Government Council of Education . for the Province of Rome found itself compelled, only three days ago, to deprive of the right to - teach a number of the monks and nuns whom it had licensed as schoolmasters and school mistresses. Tho monks teaching the boys' schools of Poli and Mouticelli, the lay brethren teaching in tho boys' schools of St. Angelo Capoccia, tho Filippine nuns teaching in the girls' school of Poli, the Delbugalo nuns teaching in the girls' school of Madame, the sisters of the Precious Blood of Christ, the Yenerine nuns teaching at Anguillara, have all . been prohibited from giving further instruction, . because/amongst the lessons which the3' gave- to tlieir pupils, the most prominent was the spitting upon and' defacing with knives the busts of King Victor Emmanuel, which every school is obliged by law to have as part of the school furniture. It would be well had such outrages formed the worst count in tho indict ment against tlieso reverend teachers. But a warrant has likewiso been issued for the arrest of the priest Phillipi Riecarcli, the schoolmaster of Vallinpreda, who, of ten young girls trusted to his teaching, and succeeded in seducing, eight. One cannot feel surprised if the general knowledge of such facts should be creating in some quarters,' and strengthening in others, the desire to remove female education in Rome and its neighbourhood as much as possible from the monks and nuns, and transfer it to such .lay teachers, male and female, as will not pervert it into a mere instrument of propaganda. Austrian Policy in the East. — The semi official journal Pesther Lloyd of Vienna states positively that Count Beust has received instructions to explain to Earl Granville, at a fitting opportunity, that Austria does not intend to' deviate from her traditional Eastern policy, vlncli is exactly the same as that of England — hamety, to support t-lie authority of tlie Otto- mhn' Government, without weakening the pro tection of the Christian inhabitants. 