THURSDAY, AUGUST 28, 1873. Although it is probably true that the action taken by the Council with respect to the Electoral Act Amendment Bill has not excited any very poignant feel- ings of regret in the minds of its authors or the community generally, it can hardly fail to revivify the slumbering questionconcerningthe respective powers and privileges of the two Houses and their relation one to the other. We do not say that the occasion justifies a revival of this unprofitable contention, but there are certain gentlemen in the Assembly who are ever lying in wait to fixa quarrel on the " other place," and there are others who always find it against their principles to allow an opportunity of embarrassing the Government to slip by unimproved, so between the two parties its resuscitation is inevitable. Without expressing any opinion as to the policy of the particular course the Upper House has thought proper to adopt, we would suggest, as Mr. G. V. Smith did during the debate on the subject yesterday evening, that if a con- test is at some time or other inevitable, a more legitimate course of dis- pute should bo selected than that which presents itself at the present moment. The Council, as the hon. member pointed out, may have been somewhat forgetful of constitutional usage in its treatment of a bill prin- cipally affecting another branch of the Legislature, or it may have failed to make ita form of procedure as con- ciliatory as the gra\c nature of til» circumstances rendered expedient, but it Las done nothing to justify the As- sembly in declaring war to the knife Moderation is demanded from both Houses alike, and it is absurd ta suppose that bluster and dogmatism are permissible m the one, and "whispeimg humbleness" obligatory on the other Aa long as we hive a second Chambei - and whitevci lcforms it may undergo, we trust wa shall nevei see it abolished-we inuit expect that it w ill exercise the powers confeired on it in the way which bait commends itself to its judgment When it ceases to do so, its extinction w ill be a mattci of no concern to any one It is \eiy natuial that theie should be some degree of soreness felt at the îejection of tins refoim bill, o\ei which the Assembly spent so much time and laboui, e\en by those membeis who ha\e no desire to do .night th it would niterfeie with the cisy woik mg of oin institutions They seem to think tint had the Council taken the tiouble of amending the mea suie, instead of pciemptoul} hjing it aside, it would hue e\iiiced t moic couiteous and constitutional spurt But we ask these gentlemen dispas sionately lo consider the circumstance-, of the case By lajing it aside tho Upper House has left the dooi open for negotiations, and icsened to the Mimstiy the pow ei of pioposing some other method of dealing w lth the sub ject duiuigthc piesont session of Pirlia ment, should it feel disposed to avail itself of the oppoitumty Ihat any such com se will be puisued is of course extiemely impiobable, but ne\ei theless the action which tendered it possible cannot îeasonably be consideied discourteous Again, it is said that the hon gentlemen of the Legislative Council ha\e exceeded then coiistitu tional, if not their legal pow eis, in thus dealing with the bill We cannot, how- ever, accept this position Had the measuie simply lefencd to details, no doubt policy and customary us ige would luv\ e exercised sufficient influence on the hav e exercised sufficient influence oublie minds of hon members to secure then acquiescence But in the establishment of equal electoral distiicts and the aboli tion of the latepaymg qualification, two very important principles are involved, and the Council was in duty bound to ask itself-not what will be most pleasing to the members of the popuhi Chamber-but what will best tend to piomote the material vv elf aie of the country and the happiness of its înhabi tants A gi eat deal was said by some hon members concerning the supposed similarity betw eon the House of Lords and our own Upper Chambei, forgetful of the impossibility of establishing the analogy, seeing that both our Houses of Parliament are îepresentative bodies, even according to Mr Higinbotham's acknowledgement, and that both are endowed under the Constitution Act with the privileges of the House of Commons ButeVen if the lcsemblance weic as pei feet as it is notoriously the reverse, it must be remembered that the House of Lords i ejected the first Refouu Bill,which contained pnnciples unknown to the Constitution at that tune Then, again, the Council may fairly uige the apathy of the countiy <ts .1 le.ason foi its conduct No petitions have been pie sented in f.avoui of the Government measure, no meetings hav e been held, and no excitement has been aioused It is almost unnecessaiy to state that the prospect of a " low" with the Uppei House, w ith the chance of being able to admimstei a " snub" to the Secictary of State in connexion there with asa sort of contingent remaindei, has biought Mi Hie in botham to the fore with a bound The horn has struck, and the " still Btrong man" is there. The soul of the lion gentle man has long been " athust in a vveaiy " land" foi an opportunity of wiping oil old scores, and w ho is there so cold and insensate as not to participate to some insensate as not to participate to some extent in his feelings of rapture, now that there is some probability of the dearest desires of his heart being gratified Î The chosen vessel of the East Bourke Boroughs is thoroughly disgusted with the state of public feeling at the pre- sent time. He stands almost alone in his desire for a scrimmage, and he cannot understand his isolation. The Council, according to his statement, has usurped the entire legislative power in the state, and " no man regardeth it ¡" the poor are humiliated and oppressed, ground down by taxation and immersed in misery, and yet they do not seem to feel it much ; in short, though the Vic- torian world is politically and socially out of joint, we eat, drink, and amuse ourselves without giving a single thought to the dreadful fact. But, luckily for us, this practical statesman was bom to set things right, which he is pre- pared to do in a very short time if we will only realise our lost condition, and be content to follow his lead. He has a panacea for all our ills if we have but faith in its healing pro- perties. It is a mysterious prepara- tion, and we do hot pretend to be able to explain its nature, but he has pity on our ignorance-he does not ask us to understand but to swallow. Our political redemption is somehow or other to be wrought by a revision of our system of taxation. Relieve the poor man from his fair share of the state burdens, " pile up the agony " on pro- perty, and, if we are to believe the lion, gentleman, the Council will suddenly come down on its knees, the Secretary of State will be brought under the heel of authority, and then the mil- lennium will commence. But what is the good of following the hon. gentleman further in his pre- liminary lilt against his ancient enemies. It would be about as profit- able as to " discourse fustian with one's " own shadow." Mr. Higinbotham, in the course of his speech, alluded to the obligation resting on political leaders to appeal to the people. We have great pleasure in carrying out his suggestion, and, as one of the recognised organs of public opinion, we appeal to the people not to be misled by spe- cious arguments and inflammatory ap- peals into adopting any course which will entail on them the miseries they suffered only a few years since, whea they wero mode the toola for fashioning the fortunea of a handful of politicians. Suroly sufficient victima were offered at the shrine of Mr. Higinbotiiam's .wounded vanity during the Lost dead- lock to obviât« the necessity for another sacrifice. Has ne no pity on the thousands he brought to ruin in his futile attempt to overturn tho law and enthrone his will on its ruins 1 We imagine not, or he would not bo so anxious to add to the number. How- ever the fate of the people is in their own' hands. If, after duo warning, they allow themselves to be beguiled by l_e lion, gentleman's eloquence from the paths of common sense, they will deserve all the hardships they may en- counter. At all events, before he is allowed to get up a " free fight," the people should be asked at a general election whether they have nny stomach for such sport. The mail news leaves us somewhat in .doubt which of the two was the greater personage in England at the latter end of June last-the Shah of Persia or Baron Reuter. If the former carried off all the honours, the latter may be re- garded as having won every trick. The financial projects of John Law fade into insignificance by comparison with the magnificent schemes of the tele- graphic potentate. To have the privi- lege of exploiteiing the resources of an entire empire for a period of 70 years, with a floating credit of £0,500,000 to work upon, and the Government of Persia for his guarantor, is a stroke of good fortune, or an invitation to boundless speculation, such as docs not fall to the lot of many mortals, and then only once in a thou- sand years, perhaps. Even the dreams of Bun Jonson's alchemist appear to be poor and commonplace when put in com- parison with the splendid possibilities .which must unfold themselves before the mental vision of the German baron. As to the SnAii himself, Ms coming and going were like that of a brilliant comet, and he dazzled the eyes of our countrywomen in England by the flash and sparkle of his diamonds and rubies jnore than they have ever been dazzled 'before by the " barbaric splendour" of any European or Asiatic potentate who has set foot on the shores of Great Britain. And his admiration of the beauty of the fair islanders was quite as fervent and as frankly expressed as iheir adoration of his sumptuous jewellery. It must, indeed, have been very gratifying to the tamur propre of Hie ladies who crowded round Jura, whenever and wherever he appeared in public, to know that his taste for femi- nine loveliness was the very opposite of ¿hat which Nathaniel Hawthorne obtained so much ill will for expressing; and that His Majesty signified to the Prince of Wales his willingness to ex- change three of his own wives for that well-developed Hebe, the Princess Mary o[ Teck, Nothing seems to have been over- looked or omitted that could serve to impress the Shah favourably with the greatness and power of the nation which received him as its guest, or with the friendly hospitable spirit of his enter- tainers. Nor was there any lack of taineis. Nor was there any lack of variety in the pastimes provided for him. He witnessed a great naval review at Spithead, and he saw ¿he Lord Mayor, aldermen, and com- mon councillors of London eating a heavy supper in Guildhall. He attended a lawn party given by the Prince and Princess oí Wales at Chiswick, and he was "interviewed" by a deputation from the Evangelical Alliance of Great Britain. He was taken to the opera-house, and he was likewise introduced to some of those gladiators of the prize ring, whom a recent poet has described as " Huge-jowled men, With beefy necks, slioit hair, high cheek ? bones, And noses of the most eccentric shapes." How he contrived to get through so much within the limited period of his visit is almost as astonishing as must be the strange conglomerate of impressions left upon his mind by the rapid passage of such a heterogéneo ais succession of objects across his field of vision. Wo want a modern Montesquieu to narrate, in a fresh series of Peisian letters, what may have been the reflections and conclusions drawn from his observations of English life and character by this Asiatic poten- tate. One thing appears to be tolerably clear, and that is, that he quitted the mother country greatly pleased with the reception spontaneously accorded to him by its rulers and its people ; and that, if his visit had any political pur- pose, its result can scarcely bo otherwise than favourable to Great Britain. As one of our London correspondents .observes, " The Shah is an important " factor in the future solution of the " Eastern problem," and therefore the Imperial Government is very much in- terested in his future conduct. What- ever tends to jeopardise the integrity of our Indian possessions must be equally a cause of anxiety and danger to the ruler of a country which on one side is coterminous with those posses- sions. And the successes of Ktissia in Turkestan, combined with the fact that that power has been gradually appro- priating large slices of the Persian terri- tory, are naturally calculated to inspire the Shah with a feeling of disquietude, and to make him anxious to assure him- self of the co-operation of England in the event of his being called upon to íesist and repel aggressions equally. obnoxious to both. His import- ance does not spring from Ha ' power, for that ia described as being in- ferior to the ruler of Scinde's, but from ¿ho geographical position of his terri- tory. In times post he is «uspected of | laving behavedwithduplicity,if not with hostility, towards England. In one in- stance-the Crimean war-his sympa- j thies with Ruaaia were openly ex- hibited ; but the policy of spolia- tion which that power pursued towards Persia was not such as to attach the Shah to the side of the spoiler. Ex- perience has probably enlightened him ?on this point, and his visit to England .may have the effect of convincing him that the friendship and goodwill of the j mother country deservo to bo carefully cultivated for tho time to come. The Society for tho Prevention of Cruolty to Animals has hold its second annual meeting, and tho report of the committee has been laid boforo the sub- scribers Wo aro told that the society has oxorcised a v ory beneficial influonco, notwithstanding that its inability to em- ploy a paid agent or inspector had pre vented its undertaking any aggressive work We aro glad to hoar it, although we must confess that it appears to us tho society will remain little bettei than a name until it can activ oly bestu itsolf in the work of discovering cases of cruelty, and prosecuting all those implicated " Decided action " is suggested m the leport as desiiable to put tlie society m a position to do something beyond mei ely exeicising a negative influence, and it cannot bo taken too soon An activo and intelligent oilicei, with an eye ov erj w here, w only, und ample em ploj ment foi his time, lud oflect a laigc amount of good It is impossible to take a walk thiough the citj without meeting with cart hoisos cruelly ovtiladen, cib lioises scaiccly able to stand thiough fatigue and starvation, and cows looking like tho attenuated ghosts of departed Line Then, agun, somothing might bo done to mitigato tho suflonngs of the un- fortunate animals biought down by iail w aj, and sometimes detained in the trucks for hours aftoi arrival, without food 01 w ater The non supply of the lattei during our bullung suni mei weathci is ono of the giossest foulis of ciuelty with which we aie acquainted The cattle yaids, and the vanous pounds in and aiound Mel- bourne would also, porhaps, furnish work foi an mspoctoi Whatovoi may have been the case up to tho present lime, wo aio afraid that now it has becomo geneially known that the society is mci ely a passive body, its influence foi goodwill not bo veiv extensive Thoie is all the nioio leas du, then, why the " decided action" spoken of should be taken without any unnecessary delay Hie chairman rogrotted the lack of interest shown by the public m the society, but w o think it hkoly that if moie evidences of its activity and useful- ness vveie apparent, tho existing apathy would pass away Wo seo that the treasurer commences the now yoai with a balance in hand, and some of tins might bo adv antageously used m bringing the claims of the association inidoi the notice of the charitable and tho humane. It is very much to be regretted that the present football season should be marked by the death of a young man from injuries received while playing the game. Mr. G. A. Coney died on Sun- day last from hurts he got on the pre- vious Saturday week in the Royal Park, and the sad occurrence is calculated to throw a gloom over the termination of the season. It appears to us that the number of accidents-broken bones, &c; , we have had to chronicle this winter have been greatly in excess of those which usually attend indulgence in this sport. How is this? Can it be that the game is ceasing to be played accord- ing to reasonable rules, and is degenerating into a rough and tumble fight, wherein brute force is every- thing, and skill of very little avail? We are aware, of course, that a certain amount of roughness is inseparable from football. To put a stop to this would be to emasculate the contests, and by rendering them fit for the nursery, do away with their suitability for hardy boys and young men full of health and strength and wild animal spirits. But there is a reasonable limit to all things, and when roughness is carried so far that bones are broken and even life itself en- dangered, we may safely assume that the rational boundary has been over- stepped. We should be very sorry to see a healthy manly sport declining in public favour, but we may be sure that parents and people generally will begin to look askance at anything which leads to such lamentable results. We re- member when football was first intro- duced into this colony, it was played for a long time without the occurrence of any serious accident. Whether this was in consequence of greater attention bestowed on the rules of the game, and less resort being had to mere brute force, we cannot say , but at all events we may safely affirm that the sooner the lost art of playing without danger to life 0r limb is recovered, the better it will be for those who engage in the contests, and those also who are connected with the combatants. It might even be as well if a person could take part in a game without the certainty of having his clothes torn off his back. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.S. Banga- lore, with the mails from Kngland and the East, anchored in tlie bay at 25 minutes past 2 p.m. yesterday, after a very rapid passage from Galle. Her excellent reputation for steaming was well exemplified on the run round from King George's Sound, the dis- tance from thence to Hohson's Bay having heen accomplished within 120 horns. At Galle she was detained nearly three days beyond her time of sailing on account of the non-anival of the com. pany's steamer Nubia, with the mails via Suez. The Nubia broke her screw-shaft when about 700 miles fiom Aden, and had to perform the remainder of her voyage to Galle under canvas. When about 30 miles from Galle she despatched a boat with the thiid officer in charge to apprise the company's agents theie of her plight, and the Bangalore steamed out and took her in tow a few miles outside of the harbour. The Bangalore brings a large number of passengers, amongst those for Melbourne being Captain George Gilmore, who went home to superintend the building of the new iron steamer Tasman, for the T.S.N. Com- pany. In the Sydney list are the names of the Earl of Donoughmore and Sir Edward and Lady Creasy. Sir Edward Creasy, the well- known author, is chief justice of Ceylon, He visits Australia in search of health, and will be the guest of Sir Hercules Robinson duringhis stay inSydney. Shortly before reach- ing melbourne Mrs. A. Cameron, a saloon pas- senger, gave birth to a female infant. The Bangalore leaves a considerable cargo here, one item of which comprises a large number of bales of woolpacks from Calcutta. The mails were landed with promptness, and it was expected that the Melbourne portion of the cargo would be out before midnight, at which hour she was to leave the bay for Sydney. The R.M.S.S. Baroda, on her voyage hence to Galle, met with some heavy weather before reaching King Georgo's Sound. She left here on the 13th inst., cleared the Heads at a quarter-past 6 p.m., and met with variable winds to Cape Otway, which was passed at half-past 2 a.m. on the 14th. Strong westerly winds increasing to heavy gales, with a high sea, were then encoun- tered, and the gales continued with more or less violence until 10 a.m. on the 19th. At 10 a.m. on the 10th the foretopmost staysail carried away and was blown overboard. The chief officer and nine Lascars were washed off the forecastle, the officer having several ribs fractured, and the men being cut and bruised to some extent. There was also a large quantity of live stock drowned and killed. The barometer was down to 29'101n. during the gale. From the 19th until arrival at the Sound, fresh headwinds au4 heavy i woBterl) swell «ere experienced The Bal galore exchanged signals with the Baroda at a quarter to 1 p m on the 21st mat The Major s Fancy Dress Ball came off last night It was a worthy successor to those which ha-se preceded it The hall presented a most brilliant appearance Between 1 400 and 1 WO guests attended Ilia 1 Tcellencj the Governor and Lad) Bowen were present The costumes were rich varied and pic turesque 1 verything was done to consult the comfort of the guests and the obliging willingness of the attendants in the cloak room was warmly commended bj the ladies A somewhat animated discussion took place in the Legislativ o Assembly yesterday relative to the course winch the Government should tako with regard to the action of the Legislative Council in laying aside the 1 lee toral Act Amendment Bill The debate was initiated bj Su C G Dud j who asked what the intentions of the Gov ernment were 1 he Chief Secietaij replied that the matter was one icquirin_ careful and full consideiation und that the Government had not jet ar rived at any dctcimutation Mi Iligm botham made one of his charactenstic si eeches and waa followed bj seveialothei lion members No practical suggestion was ni ide and ultimate 1) the aiïati was allowed to drop upon a sort of half understanding that it would be icstimed this daj Tlie formal motion mov ed 1 j Mi lliginbotlmni to ilace himself m ouler Xhat the House do now adjourn-was net a lived at half pist C the hour when merni eis ictiie for lefrcshment thej cvulcntlj being niliehensive that it would not look well to shirk then lc_islativ e duties foi i fancy b ill when such a grave question was mulei con sideration lbej need not have been so pal ticulai however foi barelj a quoi um assem lied aftei the lefiesbment horn and then the most they did was to adjoinn all the business on the papei Hie Legislative Council have dealt with 1 " TU " r* T> .1« Pm nrf Ti 11 11 n the Mining on Private Property Bill m the manuel anticipated, and the bill is now im illy shclv ed for the pi esent session 1 he measure was so altered from its oiiginal shape by tlie scleet coimmttoo to whose tendel mercies it lmd been consigned, tint not even its authors could have recog nised it as their own The Council howevei, were unwilling to interfere with the pnvile_.es of propeity in any shape, and the bill as modified by the select com imttee whose care for the interests of pro perty ow ners w as v isible by the prov isions in tioduced for then protection, was alBO lejected The adoption of the report of the select committee was moved yesterday by Mr Muiphj, but was ne_,atived without a division, scaicely a member beyond the select committee itself suppoiting the re- commendation The utility of íeferrim. the bill to the select committee at all may w eli be doubted, seeing the tone of the House on the subject, and the result of that mode of dealing with the measure has only been to incur a laige expenditure foi an entirely use less purpose T he Constitution of the Council Bill w as postponed, on the motion of Mt 1 laser, foi a fortnight The House ad- journed until Tuesday next We learn that befoie the mail just aimed left Lçrjdçu there hat} beçn spmç httlç d.ifii culty between the agent general and Sir A Chike relative to paying the lattei gentle- man the pension which foi a numbei of 3 ears he has been diavung fiom this colon) It appeals that for a long time past Sir A Claike has been occupying a position of profit undei the Ciown m the Admiralty depart- ment and undei these ciicumstances Sir Michie asked foi an explanation The ex- planation wob not forthcoming, and the pen- sion was not paid The whole matter has of course been set at rest by Sir A Clarke s acceptance of the Governoislnpof the Stiaitg Settlements An official m the Solicitor Geneials de- partment stationed m the North Eastern district, has been suspended pending investi gatton into certain irre_,ulanties alleged afcamst linn The investigation into the conduct of Mt Reed, deputy registrar at Geelong made by Mi Archer, the íe^istrar general, has been , concluded and his report has been for waided to the Attorney Geneial The îepoit is very voluminous and deals not only with tlie action taken by Mi Reed but with the conduct of the prosecution by the police The leport is at present under consideiation Apiopos of making the voyage to Mel- bourne via the Cape m i", or 48 days, it is mentioned by "AngloAustialian' in the Lui opean Mail, that the Windsor Castle, belonging to Donald Curtie and Co , on her last trip, made the run out fiom Dartmouth to Table Bay in 23 clays The um home was made in little over22 days The following items of gossip of niteiest to Austialmns aie fiom the Home News and Em opean Mail -' At the entei tamment feiven by Pari Granville on the 21th June to the Shah theie vveie piesent in connexion with the colonies Loul and Lady Lisgar, Loid Belmore, Sir Challes, Lady and Miss Cowpei, Mi Michie, Di Teatheistoiie, and Mi Dutton Among the guests honouied by the Punce of Wales with invitations to meet the Shah at a garden party at Chiswick wcieMi and Mrs Nicholas Chevahei The Archbishop of Canteibury has conferred the l"m«" «f n n "m_ flip TW Tnlm Kinrlrn degiee of D.D. upon the Rev. John Kinder, Master of St. John's College, Auckland, New Zeoland." A deputation, repiesenting the City of Melbourne Coiporation, waited on the Minis- ter of Railways yesterday, for the purpose of arranging the terms for the cal riage of broken metal for street improvement, from Foots ciay to Noi th Melbourne and Spencer-street. Mr. Gillies said that the department would be put to considerable expense in electing Bidings and the gear for the proper loading and discharging of the metal, and that it would be necessary, before incurring such cost, that he should have a guarantee that there would be such an amount of traffic as would at any rate reimburse the depart- ment for the outlay. In the event of such a guaiantee being given, he piomised that the metal should be carried at the lowest pos- sible rate. The deputation undertook that the question of a guarantee should be con- sidered by the council. On the passage of the barque Charity from Batavia to this port, one of the crew-a Malay-was missed, from (he yessel, an<J ¡. was supposed had fallen overboard and been di owned, although no one saw him go over. He had been aloft, assisting to take in the mainroyal, about half an hour before he was missed. This was at 9 p.m. on the 19th inst., the ship going along about eight knots, with a moderate breeze from S.W. to W. Search was made all over the vessel for him, but the mystery of his disappearance was not cleared up. On the 15th inst. another of the crew-also a Malay-died suddenly, the result, it waa , aupposed, of heart disease. In addition to the pure-bred bull and cows on the ship Lady Octavia, there are also 120 fine sheep of the Lincoln breed, consigned to Messss. Croaker, Scott, and Co. and Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. Mr. Gipson, late governor of the Geelong gaol, was transferred to the Pentridge Stockade last week, and is at present per- forming the duties of senior warder. Mr. William Stack, who has held the post for the last 14 years, has boon transferred to Gee- long, and will have charge of thi prison until Mr. Dwyer arrives from Portland. The Melbourne Piotestant Orphan Asylum was visited on Monday by Lady Bowen, who spent a considerable time at the institution, inspecting it with care and evident interest. The children were engaged with their sing- ing master as she passed through the school- room, and after listening to severalaongs-sho thanked the children, and praised their aiug. mg in a very Undi) manner Her ladyship evidently takes a wann interest in mstitu tiona of this character and evinced con siderable acquaintance with the practical details of their management A clue to the identity of the man found in Corio Bay last week and who is supposed to have been murdered has at length been found. It appears that about the beginning of the present month John Creighton, a farmer residing at Bundoora near Heidel- berg wrote to the governor of the Geelong Gaol making inquines about a ploughman named John 'Wishart who had left his home to attend the Intercolonial Plough mg Match at Geelong, and had not returned. The letter was referred to the superintendent of police but nothing further transpired till yesterday when a second communication written at the instance of Mr Creighton was received stating that the description given in The Argus of the body found at Geelong on which an inquest had recently been held accurately cor respondcd with that of the missing man John Wishart. The clothes worn by the man were minutely described by the writer even to a diamond shaped rust mark on his linen hand kerchief and the description accurately tallies with that of the subject of the late inquest Steps have been taken to secure the attend ance of Creighton in Geelong today so that he may remove any doubts as to the identity by inspecting the clothing taken from the body which have been kept by the police. Nothing has occurred to shed the slightest ray of light on the more important question how the man met his fate. James M Donough and James Cuddy the boys ni rested on Tuesday 1 y Detective Black on a charge of stealing i lettei containing a cheque belonging to the Daily Telegraph Corni any weie bioiifeht up it the City 1 olice Com t y esterdny Mi M koa u stated that he was instructed that M Donough had merely got the cheque cashed at the îequest of the othei loy who represented that he had got it m j ay ment of wages The i nsoners weie remanded till lucsdty M Donou_,h being allowed 1 til A man named Charles Smith alias Anthony Mack and Honorah Walsh, a woman of the town arrested yesterday by Detective Bailey will appeal at the City Court to day on a charge of stealing three rings of the value of £70 the property of William H. Dudley Robinson. The usual weekly meeting of the com mittee of the Alfred Hospital was held y ester mittce of the Alfred Hospital was held jester day There were present-Messrs Service (m the chair), Macken?ie, Gemmell, Munro, Martin, Benjamin, Robertson, J Thompson, and ^ G Murray 'Hie business done was of an unimportant nature Hie secretmy repoitcd the state of the house to bo as foi low s -Admitted since the 20th mst, 8, total, 97 , discharged, 10, died, 4 , remaining, 80, out patients 180, casualties 19 Refeirmg to the fiaiidulent trustee case, the Bendigo Adieilisei sajs -" AVe leam that Stuart and Phillips now undergoing sentence have not answered tho bill filed against thom m Equity by Sarah Jacobs, and that her sohcitor, Mi Maunsell, intends to have the cause set down foi healing as an undefended çmç at the next¡ _,.tmgS m Tqiuty of the Supreme Court Under these encumstances there is a probability of a ?verdict going against the defendants by de- fault and they will then bo liable to impu sonment for life, oi until they lefund the property of the estate ' Our Sandhurst correspondent reports - " Au inquest was held yesteiday, at Golden square, on the body of the mi fortunato miner, Richaid Giay, who was suffocated by foul au on Monday afternoon m the mine of the Lady Bowen Tribute Com panj It appeared fiom tho evidenco that on the afternoon named two mmeis named Joseph Allen and Mathew Bouike, de scended the shaft to the 180ft level for the pin poso of inspecting somo works for which tenders had been called They stopped at the plat of that level for few inmutes, and then hoard a man coming down, who turned out to be Giay his mission being the same as their ow n Reaching the plat Gray expressed his detei mination to go to the bottom ot the shaft, 10ft furthei down Ho caught hold of the whip rope and began to lowti himself down W hen he arrived at the bottom ho called out to the men in the plat ibove to pull lum up again, as he found the au was foul They commenced to draw him up with the rope to winch he was clinging, but his strength gav e w ay before he leached the plat, and, lea\ ing go his hold, he fell down the shaft with great violence Even then ho had not lost his senses, and in desperate but dying tones he called out foi them to sav e him 1 hey again tried to pull him up and hauled him upwards about a foot when ho fell down to cry foi help no more Such a shocking and melancholy death might well unnerve even stiong minéis, m then evidence Dunstan and Allen said the sight of a man dying before their ejes without then being able to íescue him made them feel ill, and being frightened to go below foi fear of meeting a similar fate, they went to the surface to givo infoimation of the acci the surface to givo information of the acci- dent. Two miners, named Charles Winters and William Burton, ventured to go down to the plat, when their candles went out, the air being so bad. Water was poured down the air pipe, which dispersed some of the noxious atmosphere, and then Winters descended to the bottom and found Gray was dead. The body was raised to the surface and conveyed to the Hibernia Hotel, where the inquest took place. The jury found a verdict of accidental death, and as a rider added their opinion that the company should have warned people of the existence of foul air in the mine. A meeting of shareholders was held at the Beehive, Sandhuist, to consider what steps should be taken if Mr. Meader continued to allow a public stock exchange to bo held nightly in the large hall. The brokers, who pay Mr. Meader a high rent for their offices, complain that they are subjected to unfair competition, and that their business is seriously injured. A committee was ap- pointed to try and come to some satisfactory arrangement and to indue brokers and speculators to pledge themselves not to do any business after 7 p.m. Madame Goddard's concert, which took pjaçç in the Mechanics' Institute, Geelong laßt evening, was a success, the hall being well ulled with a fashionable audience. She was assisted by Mrs. Smythe, Mrs. Cutter, and Signor Susini. The entertainment, both vocal and instrumental, appeared to give great satisfaction, and the efforts of Madame Goddard were repeatedly and rapturously ap- plauded. ' Fra Diavolo" was repeated last night at the Opera-house, with all the lively and in- spiriting effect that wo noticed in a recent critique of the samo work. The whole repre- sentation was most creditable to the varied talents of the performers engaged. The reproduC-ttfri of the same opera to-night will enable many persons whose engagements this week at the " Goddard concert" and 'The Mayor's Ball " have prevented theai from enjoying the admirable performance of this work, to satisfy themselves as to tho good quality of the entertainment we have described. The Church of the Holy Trinity at Kew, which has been closed for the last three or four months for alterations and additions (Divine service in the meantime being celo-' brated at the Town-hail), was re-opened yes- terday, and a sermon was.preached on the occasion in the church by the Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne. A collection was after- wards made towards the building fund. The alterations and additions made to the build- ing have been very considerable, and have very much improved the church, at a coat of about £3,000.: :." ' 