SELECT POETRY. . The JLu&t; Man. . All worldly shapes filial] melt in gloom, Tho Sun liimaolf munt die. Before this mortal shall assume Its Immortality I I saw avision ia my uloop, Tbnt gavo my spirit strength to .iwoop Adown tho gulf c.f Timo I 1 Raw tlio last of huumn mould Tliot shall Creation's death bobold, As Adam saw her primo 1 The Sun'o oye had a sickly gUro, Tho Earth with ngo was wan Tho skeletons of nations wora Around that loooty man I 8oma hud aspired in fisrht— ths brands Still ruatod in tho 'bony hands, ;?;? In plague and famino some 1 Earth's cities bnd nor ix.r.nd nor tread t Aodahipg wore drifting with the dead \ To shores wbero all was dumb I . Yet, prophet-like that lemo one stood, ' With daontlesg winds and high, Thdt shook thesoro loaves frota the wood As if a storm pnssod by, ' ' Saying — We are twins in doalli, proud SanJ Thy Toco is cold, thy race is run, 'TisTaeroy bids theo go : For thoTj tco thousand thousand years Hast ftosn tho Cida of human tears That shall bo longer flow. What though beneath thca man put forth Bis pomp, bis pride, bi.s skill; And arts that rnado fire, flood and earth Th«,vassala Jot his will ?— Yot mourn I not thy partod away, : Thou dim discrowned king of any; For all these trophiced arts - And .triumphs that beneath thee sprang, , Hoalodjnot a.passing or apang Entailed on human beartst Go, let oblivion's ourtain fall Upon the stage of men, ?' ' No*, with thy rising boams recall /Life's tragedy again ;.. Its piteous pageants brin^ not backf Nor'weaben flesh, upon the raofc . ' v OFpain anew- to writhe;' Stretched in diBeiso's shapeB abhorred) Or mown in battle by the sword, t ' ' ' Like grass beneath the scythe. Eren I am weary in yon Bkieg To watch thy fading fire; : Tent of all snmleBs ngoDies, . s Behold not me expire. v My lips that speak thy dirge of death — Their ronnded grasp and gurgling breath To soe tbou shatt not boast, The eclipse of Nature spreads my pall, The majesty of Darkness shall ??? Boceive my parting ghost 1 * This spirit shall return to Him Who gave its heavenly spark ; ; Yet think not, Sun, it shall be dim Wlion thmi thyself art dark ! No ! it shall live again and shine , In bliss nnknown to beams like thine, By Him recalled to breath, Mho captive led captivity. Who robbed the grave of victory— And took tb.3 sting from Death; Go, Sun. while Mercy holds me up Oh' Nature's awful waste To drink .this last and bitter enp Of grief that man 6hall taste Go, tell .the night that hides thy face, Thou saw'st tin: iast of Adam's raoe, On- Earth 'n sepulchral clod, The darkening univcrsa defy '' To qnenoh his Immortality, . pr.sbake his trust in God) 