THE grievances of the State school teachers have cropped up in all shapes and forms since the new Education Act was passed, and the noise they have created has at length culminated in a warm discussion within the walls of Parliament. The sum devoted to the payment of teachers for the last half of 1872 was £130,000, and the amount proposed by the Ministry for this class for six months of 1873 is £141,000. The difference between these two totals, however, will be more than required for new schools in the rural districts. The reductions in salaries made by the Minister of Education show an average of 10 per cent. The alterations are nominally greater in the case of teachers who received high stipends and fees under the old system, than with those teachers, whose salaries were small, and whose fees were insignifi- cant in amount. Grouped, the results come out thus:—There is a net loss to head teachers on the year of £11,497, and to assistant teachers of £3984 6s 2d. These sums, together with the larger total amount proposed for 1873, will, we presume, be used to open schools where they are required, and to pay the teachers necessary to conduct them. The above may be said to be the text of the discussion which is now taking place in Parliament upon the teachers' grievances, and it is worth while to see how far either side is justified by the arguments which are brought to bear upon their elucidation and adjustment. Mr STEPHEN contends that a fair and proper distribution has been made ; that the teachers will be paid as well as the same class in the Civil Service ; that they ought to submit quietly to the changes, seeing that their position will be greatly improved by admission into that service, and by the system of superannuation under which they will now be enrolled, but that he is willing to enquire into and remedy special grievances. On the other hand, it is contended that the reductions fall un- equally. While a redaction, say of £100, from an income of £500, is not severely felt, £10 taken off £100 makes all the dif- ference, perhaps, between a teacher being able to maintain himself and family, and plunging them into financial difficulties. It is further alleged, and with force too, that parsimony, breeding dissatisfaction, would be a fatal mistake to commit with our new scheme of education, seeing that its tendency would be to drive competent men out of the service. The general opinion of the Assembly seems to be that the teachers should be paid well for their services, and Mr HIGINBOTHAM exhausted the subject by contending that if money is required for this purpose it should be obtained by spe- cially taxing the rich. Now it seems to us that a great deal can be said on both sides of this dispute, though the gist of the quarrel may be nar- rowed down to a very small compass. In the first place, Mr STEPHEN should not have reduced the salaries at all—that is, in the total amount. This he really does, though nominally he increases the sum for 1873. He should have more wisely redistributed payment by lopping off vigorously from those teachers who were more than ade- quately paid, and by largely increasing the pay to those in receipt of small remunera- tion. This would have been a more judi- cious step to take, as he promised to do when he explained the principles of his measure. The error he has fallen into has been in attaching too much importance to "results" and "extra subjects," the effect of which will really be to increase the remuneration of the well-paid teachers, while leaving the small-salaried masters with little or no aid from these sources. In a thinly-populated district the teachers will rank as a rule amongst those who receive small salaries ; and having a restricted field to work in, they will obtain but little from results, but more especially from " extra subjects." On the other hand, the higher paid officials in populous districts will have so broad a field to work in—so large a number of pupils—that they will be able to obtain large additions to their salaries by theinstruction given in these "extras," and by the " results " achieved. There is this fact also to be remembered. While the labors of the one class will be as useful as the exertions of the other, the higher paid officials will have more assistants, and there- fore the command of additional teaching power. The result will be to still further add to their advantages, both in status and remuneration. Mr STEPHEN has cer- tainly re-arranged the salaries, but not with anything like the wisdom he might have shown. If he was alarmed at the money required to administer the Act in this spirit, he should have boldly come before the House for an increased amount, rather than clipped small salaries to beep down ex- penditure. This would have been a far more judicious course to pursue, than to cripple the resources of those officials upon whose exertions the success of the new Act must mainly depend. No doubt Mr STEPHEN is quite right in stating that teachers should regard their ad- mission into the Civil Service and super- annuation as compensating circumstances for a decline in salary ; but this is an argument that falls to the ground when pushed to an extreme. . The promise of promotion, and ultimately, a pension. is of scant use to man who cannot support himself and family while working up to these ends. Looking at the matter, however, from the other side, we are much inclined to contend that there has been a great deal too much made out of these teachers' grievances, and there is still too much being made out of them by members of Parliament. In the main, the agitation was originated by those who had no cause to complain—who, in fact, should have been the last to have objected, seeing the great advantages which the new Act opened up to them ; and therefore public sympathy is not just now on the side of these agitators. Still, right should be done, and this is to be accomplished, not by a ready acquiescence in the demands of the petitioners, or by deferring to the clamor of their friends in the Assembly, but by establishing a more uniform system of salaries, so that teachers may fare alike, according to their rank in the profession, no matter where they may be located, or what number of pupils may fall to their lot to instruct. Accident chiefly determines a teacher's residence, and there- fore uniformity is the only legitimate way to settle this hubbub, due regard, of course, being had to length of service and ability. The country is quite willing to pay what is fair and reasonable to the instructors of its youth, but not to deal with them in an extra- vagant spirit. Mr STEPHEN should there- fore proceed to re-arrange his scheme under this conviction, taking care at the same time that the additions fall to the lot of those who really stand in need of increased remuneration. But the community, as a whole, will not view with favor additions made to the salaries of teachers who are well remunerated as it is, seeing that every facility is afforded them to increase their receipts by " results " and " extra subjects," and that they will be provided with a very comfortable income when overtaken by old age, or by mental or physical incapacity. The great mistake committed with our new education system is in allowing fees at all for " results " and " extra subjects " to re- vert to the teacher. Promotion should reward the one, and the State take the other. The so-called " extra subjects," however, ought to be taught to every boy and girl in the schools, and payment for them abandoned. Our State schools will not be State schools, in the strict sense of the term, until these distinctions of class, or tuition, have been expurgated from their curriculum. So long as "extra subjects" remain in the list, there will be dissatisfac- tion amongst the teachers, because the force of circumstances, not ability, will enrich some whilst leaving others pauperised, so to speak, in this respect. It is the hybrid nature of the Act, and the little tact shown in arranging the salaries, which are causing confusion and dissatisfac- tion amongst this class. However, the Act has to be administered as it is. The best course for the Minister of Educa- tion to pursue is therefore to make salaries and extraneous sources of income as nearly uniform as possible, and having done this, to treat further interference with his scheme as a distinct breach of discipline, to be punished accordingly. Tenders are invited by the Government in our advertising columns this morning, for the supply of about 426 tons of 36-inch cast-iron water pipes, and also for special castings. Mr Brough Smyth, the Secretary for Mines, paid an official visit to the School of Mines yesterday, with a view to reporting on the claims of the insti- tution for an increased grant. Mr Smyth examined the various departments of the school, and was supplied by the acting-registrar, Mr Barnard, with a good deal of data, which he will doubtless embody in his report to the Government. The inspection, though hurried, was pretty minute, and Mr Smyth returned to town by the midday train. The trial of the cabman Joseph Howard, at the General Sessions yesterday, for maliciously wound- ing Mr W. E. Watts, sharebroker, excited a good deal of interest, and occupied several hours in the examination of witnesses. The accused was defended by Mr Macdermott and Mr Finlayson, and by the evidence, given elsewhere, it will be seen that the case has assumed a rather queer aspect for some of the parties concerned. Three witnesses for the defence—Baird, Pisor, and Bellhausen—swore most distinctly that Howard was badly beaten by Emory and Benns, whom Pisor recognised as the men who were ill-treating Howard opposite Brophy's hotel, and the same witnesses state that Howard did not kick Watts when he was upon the ground. After hearing this evidence the Crown Prosecutor, at .the suggestion of hi? Honor, agreed to withdraw the first charge of maliciously wounding; and Mr Macdennott then agreed to plead guilty to a common assault, which his Honor had previously recommended the jury to find as .their verdict, with a strong recommen dation. to mercy. Judge Rogers, after censoring all who were engaged in the disturbance, said that, it was clear Howard had been cruelly beaten, and he would therefore only inflict upon him a fine of £5. The money was ' immediately paid, and Howard was at once discharged. We publish In oar advertising columns the pro gramme of prizes, together with the rules, of the ; Burruuibeet Ploughing. Alatch, which . will take , place under die auspices of the Ballarat Agricul tural and Pastoral Society, on Thursday next, the 10th instant, at Burruiubcct. Prizes to thearuopnt of £60 are offered at this match for competition. Mr Cheny, of Stawell, does not forget that he was once a resident of Ballarat, and he has more than once evidenced his recollection of the fact. He has again kindly forwarded to the City mayor a native companion, for the collection being furiued at the Botanic Gardens. A young kangaroo, also forwarded by Air Cheny, died on the journey. \ Tbe election of officers of the Pioneer No. 3 Juvenile Tent, X.O.U., took place at the tent-room on Thursday evening, when the following brethren were elected to fill the following offices for the en suing isix» months, viz. P.C.R., lir F. Lylo ; . C.IL, Br Jas. Alanderson ; 3X1L, Br J. Brown-; secretaiyj Br C. Kilbum ; W.S., Br T. Bishop ; WL£L,"Br A. Lyle ; L Br T. Secombe ; G., Br K Nettle; "This teat id in a good financial" position, himngabotit £s0 to its credit; :'" Tlie annual general meeting of the Ballarai "Troop, Prince of Wales Light .Horse, was Jield dt 'jCmig'shobd last evening. The affairs 'of the troqp- .w dsscuss at length, and, both financially- aim ; .ti.' !>IJ »J:i :! ' !'-1 ' i otherwise, were found in a flourishing condition. The following elections were made for the ensuing year : — Alatch committee— Lieutenant Madden, Sergeant Wilson, Corporal Lynch, and Corporal Deeble ; treasurer, Sergeant Wilson ? secretary, Corporal Lynch. The usual votes of thanks were passed to retiring office-bearers. At tfip General Sessions yesterday, James Thos. Parker was found guilty of assault with intent to commit a rape updn a giri fourteen years of age, named Matilda. Morris. John Green Wall wne found cot guilty of maliciously wounding a mare at the Aloorabool : and Henry Le vision was ac quitted on a charge of sheep-stealing. Joseph Howard was found guilty of a common assault upon Air W. E. Watts, sharebroker, and was fined £5. The fine was immediately paid, and Howard was discharged. The convicted prisoners in the other criminal cases will be brought up for sen tence at ten o'clock this morning, after which the civil business will be taken. What is likely to prove the last act of the window-smashing case which occurred in Ballarat East was played out at the Town Police Court yesterday. The giri Percifonc Jouva was brought before the court, charged with wilfully damaging twenty-four pnues of glass, and she made no at tempt to deny the accusation ; but her admissions having been made under a promise that no prose cution would ensue, Air Gaunt inflicted merely the nominal fine of Is with 30s damages, which the girl's mother promised to pay. Thus it may be said this extraordinary affair has ended. For once, the " ghost has been found to be of flesh an. blood, and mMerinl to a degree ; and the incident may possibly teach people to think less of the supernatural in connection with commonplace occurrences that many seem to do. "A gentleman who has recently returned to Bal larat, from Wagga Wagga, says he was shown the shop of the Tichborne claimant during the time he was in that town. He describes it as being in the centre of the town, and of small dimensions tor the business carried on in it. It has not been occupied yjncfr the Tichborne claimant left, tlie owner re garding it as a memento of too valuable a descrip tion to be altered, as would most probably happen to it woe it let. The Wagga Waggaites axe. to a man, of the belief that the Tichborne claimant is all Ik represents frfmcpif to be, and that he is being poeetiatei, J>y .Bfitiih i3ov frvt Two young men — named David Cooper and George Johnson — were arrested yesterday for stealing a shirt from the shop of Air Croker, in . Sturt street. There was a second charge against Cooper, of stealing a pair of boots from Crawford's establishment. The police had -some trouble in Jheir arrest, as, after & long chase, Johnson got away, but was afterwards pounced upon by Detective Hyland. They were taken to the City lock-up. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday, at Craig's hotel, at eleven o'clock &.tn. Stewards' report of the annual ploughing match; drawing-up of a prize pro gramme for the annual spring show ; improve ments in the show yards, and other business. We are requested to call the attention of the members of the Queen Victoria Lodge, No. 1, of the Australian Order of Templars to an advertise ment announcing a meeting of the lodge this even ing for the installation of officers, &c.; A specimen of the rising male population of the colony, which we trust is an uncommon one, was brought before the Town Police Court yesterday on a charge of stealing a purse, containing notes and a deposit receipt, from a man named Robinson, who was employed at the same farm as the accused. The name of the young culprit is Hector M'NeHl, and he is barely fourteen years of age. He did not attempt to deny the crime, and throughout tlie proceedings he preserved an air of indifference which rendered the very questionable character given him by his own father a matter of very little surprise. He was sentenced to six hours' imprisonment, and ordered then to be sent to the training ship tor three years ; his father to con tribute 2s 6d a week for his support. The quarterly meeting of the Hope of Egerton Tent, I.Q.B., was held at the Wesleyan Church, Egerton, on Wednesday night, when the following brethren were elected and installed in the various offices opposite their respective names : — A Skewes, C.R. ; D. EvanB, D.R. ; J. B. Hicks (re- elected), secretary; C. Beard, W.S. ; Thos. Skilbeck. AI.S. ; Thos. Collier, treasurer ; F. Hoar, levite ; C. Dor- rington, guard. The members of judicial committee for the ensuing half-year are Bra J. Blackburn, T. Sampson, B. Truran, C. Beard, T. Skilbeck, J. Petford, W. Hicks, and John GilL It will be remembered that, at the meeting of the Buninyongshire Council held a fortnight since, it was agreed to forward a letter of condolence to the widow of the late Councillor Prater. Since then the shire secretary has drawn up a suitably-worded document and had it printed on satin, and this will be forwarded to Airs Prater without delay. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Bowen, and children left Geelong yesterday morning at twenty minutes past eleven, tor Alelbonrne. Sir George Bowen expressed to those present pleasure he felt at the kind reception be had met with during his stay. The Geelong people, in fact, have quite excelled themselves in the way of hospitality to the Governor and his family during this visit. We learn by telegram that a seaman named Box was lost overboard yesterday from the pilot cutter, at her moorings off Queen scliff. He was supposed to be intoxicated at the time. The body had not been recovered when our telegram left Geelong. Kelly and La Fcoilladc's minstrels Iiad another excellent house at 'the Alechanics' Institute last night. The programme was the same as "that of the preceding evening, and it was quite as success fully carried out. The funny business was as amusing as before ; the vocal and instrumental parts were -well sustained, and Kelly's "clogo- grapliicality" was apparently highly appreciated by the audience. The company will play again at tlie same place on Saturday night, tlie hall having been engaged for tins evening by tlie Early Closing As- -sociaiion. "The Tichborne Claimont in Court " is the title of a plate given away this week with the Town and Country. The Weekly Times contains a severe criticism on Miss Turner, who baa been lately preaching in the Unitarian Church, Melbourne. The .b&Uad; concert under the auspices of the Ballarat Early Closing Association, to which we have previously referred, will take place in the Alechanics' this evening. Mrs Cutter will take part in the entertainment, together with a number of well-known amateur vocalists. We are in receipt of the annual catalogue of the Ballarat Alechanics' Institute, which as usual has been carefuilv compiled, ana since printed by Air Boyd in bis usual neat style. A revision court for the shire of Dungaree will be held at tlie Sbire Hall next Wednesday, to which date the council lias adjourned. The Bendiyo Independent states that Aliss Eumieline, one of the tliree Zavistoxvskis, who, about a year ago, played in Ballarat, lias retired from the stage, having married Lieutenant Sbailer, of the United States uavy. Tlie Independent adds : — " The ceremony was attended by a Jaige number of people, and we rejoice in the possession of an invitation, which distance alone compelled us to decline.' A proposal (according to the Geelang Advertiser") is on foot< among the operatives at the Victorian Woollen Factory to establish a fire brigade, to assist which the directors intend to purchase a steam fire- engine. Alluding to the recent cruise of HALS. Basilisk, the NurU&rn; Argus says It is evident that the Imperial Government are in earnest with regard to opening up tills great ocean highway of the East, for wc learn that>during tbe late cruise of HALS. B.'isiiUk. Captain Moresby had -attached to him Lieutenant Connor, of the Pearl, the latter officer having been entrusted with tlie superintendence of the survey boats. Lieutenant Connor has com pleted a surrey of the coasts of Cape York, as also along portions of the coast opposite New Guinea, which iu a short time will be sent to the hydro- grapliic department of the Admiralty for issue." The company which for the last two years has -been -engaged in the attempt to form oyster-beds in . Corio Bay has now reason to hope (says the Argus) that its efforts, will be successful; . The number of fcpat met with quite recently has been large enough to give the company great encourage ment in the prosecution of their undertaking. The Schocfls iof Desigu Exhibition (says the Argus') was numerously attended an Wednesday," and all classes of citizens were represented amongst tlie visitors. The exhibits sent by Mr L. Adam- son. assistant teacher In the Ballarat schools, attract umch attention. One of these is a crayon representation of Rubens' ' Descent from "the Cross," hung up among the City of Ballarat' exhibits. The. figures are boldly portrayed, and the whole looks more like a wcil-exccuted litho graph than, a crayon drawing. Air Adamson's other exhibits comprise water-colored fruit and shell pieces. As be is not a pupil of any of tbe schools, .though he was at one tiuie. his exhibits arc not sent in Jot competition. The following gentlemen have been requested by the commis sioners to adt «« judges of the exhibits, and in con nection with lb? examinations : — Messrs O. It. Campbell, T. Clarkj J- Alackcnnal, C. Earles. J. lleidj-L. Tcitv; -A/E. Johnson, W. T. Crouch. L. Buyelot, E- Von GuerarJ, D..ODonovan, W. T. DoyncriA. & Smith, W; -Williams, W. C. Kerilot, N. C. XTrani, II. B. Afoorc, C. Kevbeiy, C. Mason, and Captain; Shepherd. The exhibits will be judged next Saturday. , Writing upon Schools of Alines the Maryborough- £ays ' " The school at. Ballarat has "been in good ' working order. for a considerable lHiriod, and deserves all the commendatory expres-' sions vrhichbuf metropolitan contempornxyhestows upon it. It has had a hard fight, pecuniarily and otherwise, in order to attain its present eminence and usefulness, and we feel satisfied not only that Ft b scope enough to meet the . educational re quirements of students in mine matters from all the goldfields in the colony, but that it would be nearly impracticable to establish another. So long as the Ballarat School of Mines |b conducted upon its present efficient and comprehensive basis, any attempt to start another institution of the kind must be attended with disappointment and pecu niary loss, and we may well be satisfied with the educational facilities we at Ballarat possess. Air W. H. Barnard, the active registrar pw few. of the school, has recently issued a circular intended to promote the interests of the school, and copies have reached the hands of our local councils. So far, the circular has been quietly 41 received." or at the most been met with tbe observation. that no funds were available for the solicited donation. We think the councils might do worse tlian each forward a subscription to the Ballarat School of Alines." We take the following from yesterday's Pleasant Creek Neics. and may add that there is not a word of truth in' thq- statement made as to an offer of settlement from the jumpers. Indeed the boot is altogether on the other leg. Our contemporary 'writes : — "We received "no information on Wednes day night from our visual Alelbournc correspon dent concerning the Pleasant Creek jumping cases : but it was generally reported in town that the jumpers had made overtures tp the claimholders solicitors with the idea of meeting the views as to the settlement of the question that were expressed lately by the Minister of Alines, when the con ference was held on the subject." The wish in this case is father to the thought. Thc'battle will be fought out to the bitter end by the claimants, unless a compromise is effected on the basis of scrip for scrip. According to the M. A . Mail, masons and brick layers are wanted in Castlemaine. \- Referring- to tbecase of the defaulting derk of the Colonial Bank, "JEgLes" in the Australasian writes ; — They say. that when a friend remon strated with Goodwin about tbe character of some one seen in his Company, he pleaded that he was ' endeavoring to restore her to the paths of virtue!'" xtihreh scored a good- point in the 60cinl game played at Geelong on Wednesday. Her ladyship was on a visit to the Geelong Catholic Orphanage, and after describing the event, the Advertiser has the following : — 41 A more inveterate punster than the Yen Archdeacon Sl&ttery; is not to be fouud in Geelong, but on Wednesday he certainly received a Roland for an Oliver. Being informed that the orphanage occupied tbe highest site in Geelong, he told her ladyship so, and fol lowed up hi6 information by saying, " And you are the highest lady here." Her ladyship retorted, " I think you must be Higlier-ish." Tlie half-yearly meeting of the Masonic Hall shareholders was held on Wednesday evening, at the Masonic Hall, Lonsdale street. The fifteenth half- yearly report of the company was read by the secretary, and proved to be very satisfactory. The mortgage 'on. the building bad been reduced by £250. Receipts from letting the h&U; amounted to £409 3s Gd, and the balance in favor of the com pany was £522 5s Sd. The bank overdraft now only amounts to £50 19s 3d. In returning thanks (adds the Telegraph ) the chairman mentioned that if tilings went on with any degree of prosperity, before long the Masons of Victoria would have a hall of their own worthy of their Order. Teachers of singing and drawing in the State schools may hope (remarks the Aye) to -receive the difference between tlieir former rate of remunera tion and what they have derived daring the last six months from the fee of Id per child per week. Hie Minister of Instruction on Wednesday ad mitted that he had been rather surprised that no complaint had been made to him by those teachers until a tow days since, as he had reason to believe that their remuneration had been considerably lessened. He intimated the probability that a sum would be placed on the Supplementary Estimates equal to the difference tor the past half-year. _ Referring to the saw-ifiiil licenses which have ex cited so much attention here, the A rgus writes : — 44 No licenses of the kind have yet been issued. Applications will not be granted until publicly heard before the local land board, so that any ob jections may be fully considered. One application of the kind has been received for a license in tbe Buliarook State forest, and it has been referred to the local land board for report." It is stated on good authority (according to the Herald) that when Lad) Bowen and family have departed for Europe, and the Toorak establishment has been broken up, his Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen intends to take np his residence at tbe Alel bourne Club until the completion of the new Government Honse, or the return of his family. The Age correspondent writing from Sandhurst says The adjourned meeting of the shareholders of Hartman's Concord Company, on Wednesday, was orderly ; 14,000 shares were represented. The meeting confirened the action of the directors in suspending the manager. He has been removed, and a new manager appointed, Air Charles C. White. Sayers, the hue manager, was absent. The books showed a large apparent deficiency in accounts, and an over-issue of shares. At the meeting there was a unanimous condemnation of Sayers. The following (says the Geelong Advertiser) is a copy of the letter forwarded on Wednesday by his Excellency Sir George Bowen to the secretary of the hospital Geelong, 2nd July, 1873. Sir, —I am directed by Governor Sir George Bowen to forward a cheque tor £20 towards the funds of the Geelong Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum, and to request that his Excellency's name may be en rolled as a life subscriber of the institution. — I have the honor to be, &c..; 'Henbv D. Pitt. Alaior. HA." The Pleasant Creek News says that a lady, re siding at a station not far from Stawell, gives farther evidence of the value of gum leaves. She had noticed that the blacks — of whom there were several in the neighborhood — always bandaged any wounds they received with gum leaves alone. This simple remedy soems to be efficacious in all cases that came under her notice, including some where ghastly wounds had been inflicted. She naturally adopted the same treatment tor cuts and bruises received by her own children, and always with the most satisfactory results. 