WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER XXXIII. ANN HOPLEY STARTLED. The morning's sun was chasing the dew from the grass and the lawn at the Maze, glittering so brightly in the welcome rays, told no tales of the strange feet that had, unbidden and unsuspected, trodden it in the night. Mrs. Grey, looking wondrously pretty and delicate in her white morning gown, sat at breakfast in a little room whose window was beside the entrance porch. Her baby, wide awake, but quiet and good, lay covered up on a sofa in its night- dress. She was talking to it as she ate her breakfast, and the wide eyes were turned to her as if she understood. " Good little darling ! What a sweet, gentle baby ! It does not scream and fight as other babies do. It is mamma's own precious treasure - and mamma is going to dress her presently, and put on her pretty worked robe. Oh, baby, baby ! " she broke off, her mood changing, and the distress in her heart rising to the surface. " If we could only be at rest as others are ! We should be happier than the day has hours in it ! " The accession of illness, attacking Sir Adam on the previous day, the great risk they ran in calling in a doctor to him, had shaken poor Rose's equanimity. She strove to be brave for his sake ; she had concealed her feelings of dread that lay upon her, and she had done so again yesterday. But in the evening, when the doctor had safely gone, and the day and its troubles were over, she had yielded to a sudden fit of hysterical weeping. Her husband came into the room in the midst of it. He partly soothed, partly scolded her ; what was the use of fretting, he asked ; better take things as they came. With great effort, she swallowed her sobs and dried her eyes ; and turned the tables on him by gently reproaching him on getting up, when Dr. Cavendish had told him to stay in bed. Sir Adam laughed at that ; saying he felt none the worse for his fainting fits, or whatever it was, and was not going to lie-in-bed for all the doctors in Christendom. The cheery morning sun is a great restorer - and Rose felt its influence. During her sleepless night, nothing could be more disheartening, nothing more gloomy, than the view pervading her mind ; but this morning, with that glorious light from above shining on all things, she felt revived under it. One thing she was happy about, was that the visitation of that miserable detective and his policemen had not occurred on the day of Sir Adam's illness. Had they caught him in bed, no earthly power, could have saved him. Karl, stealing over for a few minutes at night, to see for himself what the anxiety caused by his brother's increased illness could mean, warned them to be prepared, for he believed the search of the Maze might be repeated. " This spot is getting more dangerous each day," murmured Rose to herself, pouring out another cup of tea. " Oh, if we could but get away from it ! London itself seems as though it would be safer than this." She proceeded with her meal very slowly, her thoughts buried in schemes for their departure. Of late, she had been thinking through a cunning plan of action, which she now thought might work. If necessary she would stay on at the Maze with her baby - for months - perhaps years - so that Adam could but get away. Until this man, this detective, should take his departure from the place, nothing might be attempted. They would have to remain still and quiet ; taking what precautions they could against surprise and recapture. She prayed that her husband might be spared this calamity, realising that a world of blank despair awaited he if it ever took place. Ann Hopley was upstairs, making the beds, and attending to matters there generally. Until her room was ready, and the fire had warmed it up enough to dress the baby, Mrs. Grey would stay where she was and linger over her breakfast. There was something in the extreme quietness of the child and its passive face to suggest doubts of its well-being. After all, perfectly healthy infants are apt to be troublesome. Mrs Grey suspected nothing like this, as the baby had improved greatly since its baptism, she supposed it was getting stronger. A soft sweet, plaintive note escaped the child's ]ips. " Yes, my baby. Mamma has not forgotten you. The room will soon be warm, and you shall be dressed, and then mamma will wrap you up well and sit out of doors in the sunshine. And papa - " The words died off in a sharp intake of breath ; her heart seemed to die away in despair. Something like a dark cloud had passed the window shutting out the sunshine. It was Mr. Detective Strange, with two policemen following closely on his heels, both of them this time in uniform. They had come through the Maze without warning, and were making swiftly for the main entrance door, that lay open. Her supposition was that they had discovered Adam's system of concealment. " God help us !" breathed Lucy, clasping her hands together as her face went ashen. Mr. Strange, who had seen her through the window, was in the room without a moment's delay. He was courteous as before ; he meant to be as considerate as the nature of his mission allowed him to be ; and even before he had spoken a word, the keen, practised eye took in the visible signs. The small parlour, afforded no possibility for the concealment of Salter ; the baby on the sofa ; the breakfast, laid for one only, of which Mrs. Grey was partaking. He was very sorry to be obliged to intrude upon her again ; but he had orders to search the Maze again and had to obey them. And he begged Mrs Grey to believe that she herself, should be subjected to no no annoyance or restraint. She made no answer ; she could collect neither thoughts nor words to do so in her sudden fear. Mr. Strange retreated with a bow and closed the door again, making a mental note of her evident distress, and her ghastly looks. " There's no mistake, I think, that he is really in our hands this time ; her face alone would betray this. The curious thing is - where was he before ?" Ann Hopley had finished the rooms, and was kneeling before the fire in her mistress's chamber, coaxing an obstinate piece of coal to burn, and blowing at it with her lips, when a slight noise caused her to turn. There stood Mr. Strange, with a policeman at his elbow. She had not heard their entrance, but she got up staring at them. She was almost unable to believe her eyes, but she knew how much lay upon her - almost life or death. " Bless me !" she cried loudly, as she tried to brave it out. " Whatever brings you folks here again ?" " We have to go through the house once more." " How did you get in ?" " Quite legally," replied Mr. Strange. " I have to do my duty." Ann was entirely unprepared for this, and perhaps fearing that she might say something that would harm her master, Ann Hopley withdrew, after giving the fire a gentle stir with the poker, and went down to the kitchen with a cool air, as if resolved not to let this invasion interrupt her normal work routine. Taking up a small basket of recently washed 'fine things,' consisting of caps, bits of lace and articles pertaining to the baby, she carried it outside and began putting the things on gooseberry bush to dry. Old Hopley was pottering about there, doing something to a celery bed. The policeman left on guard below, standing so that he had the widest possible view, watched her with a critical eye. She did not go out of his sight, but returned with ihe basket at once. While spreading the things, she had noted his watching her. " I daresay l'm a kind of genteel prisoner," ran her thoughts. " If I attempt to go where those ugly eyes can't follow me, he might order me back, for fear I should be giving warning to the master of their presence. Well, we can do nothing ; it is in Heaven's hands ; better they came in today than yesterday !" Mr. Detective Strange had rarely felt surer of anything than that he should find Philip Salter in bed and capture him without the slightest difficulty given his weakened state. But this was not to be. Very much to his amazement, there appeared to be no sign whatever of a sick man in the place. The rooms had all been put in order for the day, the beds made ; nothing different from what it had been like during his previous search. Seek as he would, his practised eye could find no trace of any hidden chamber. In fact, there were none. " Where the deuce can the fellow be ?" mused Mr. Strange, gazing about him with a thoughtful air. The underground places were examined again with little success, though the search he made was painstaking. He could not understand it. He knew Salter had not been allowed time to escape out of doors, so rapid was their approach. He knew the grounds had also been thoroughly searched. Hopley lifted his stiffened back from his work in the celery-bed - from which he had not stirred at all, and touched his hat when the detective passed. Mr Strange answered by a nod, but did not accost him. To question the deaf old man would only be a waste of time. There was some mystery about all this ; one that he could not at present fathom. Then, one possibility crossed his mind and was exceedingly unwelcome - that Salter, alarmed by the policemen's arrival, had actually got away. Got away, in spite of the precautions that he, in conjunction with the police at Basham, had been working on for the past few days. He did not believe it. He did not wish to believe it. And, in truth, it seemed to him not to be possible, for more reasons than one. A man in the condition of health hinted at by Dr. Cavendish would be in no state for travelling. But still - with the Maze turned inside out, and no trace of Salter found, where was he ?" This all took up some time. Ann Hopley had got her preparations for dinner completed, had answered the butcher's bell and taken in the meat. By-and-by she went across the garden again to cut two cauliflowers. She was coming back with them in her apron, when Mr. Strange met her and spoke. " I have a question or two to put to you, Mrs. Hopley, lwhich I must desire you to answer - and to answer correctly. Otherwise I shall be obliged to summon you before the magistrates and compel your answers under oath. If you are wise you will avoid giving us both that trouble." " As far as answering you goes, sir, I'd as soon answer as be silent," she returned, in a temperate but injured tone. But I must say that it puts my temper up to see an inoffensive young lady insulted as my poor mistress has been. What has she done to be singled out for such treatment ? If she were not entirely unprotected here, a lone woman, you'd not dare to do it. You told her the other day that you were in search of one Salter. Now you know that you looked in every nook and cranny in our house, and must have satisfied yourself that no Salter was here. And yet, here you are today, searching again !" " It was not Salter, I suppose, who was ill yesterday ; for whom Dr. Cavendish was telegraphed ?" rejoined Mr. Strange, significantly having allowed her speech to run on to an end. " Perhaps you will tell me that ?" " Salter ! That I'll take my oath it was not, sir." " Who was it, then ?" " Well, sir, it was no one that you could have any concern with." " l am the best judge ot that. Who was it? Remember, I ask you in the name of the law, and you must answer me." " That gentleman came down on a short visit to my mistress, and was taken ill while he stayed. It frightened us out of our senses. He had a fainting-fit, or something of the sort, but he looked for all the world like a man dead ; so I ran off and telegraphed for a doctor." " The detectlve's eyes were searching Ann Hopley through and through. She did not flinch, and looked innocent as the day. " What has become of him ?" " He went away again last night, sir." " Went away, did he ?" said Strange in a mocking tone. " He did, sir. After the doctor left, he got up and dressed and came down, saying he was better. He didn't seem to think much of his illness. He had been as bad before, or so he said. I confess I was surprised, to hear he was going away, for I thought him not well enough to travel. But I believe he was obliged to go." " What was his name ?" " I did not hear it, sir. He was here but a few hours. after all." " Look here, Mrs. Hopley ; if you will tell me where that gentleman came from, and what his name is, I will give you five sovereigns." Her eyes widened, apparently with the magnitude of the offer. " I wish I could, sir. I'm sure I should be glad to earn all that, for I don't believe Hopley will be able to work much longer, and we are laying aside what little we can. I think he came from London, but I am not sure. And, I think he's going off to some foreign country for he and my mistress were talking about the sea. She wished him a good voyage and a safe landing. I heard her." The detective paused. Was this true or false ? " What was his name ? Come, Mrs. Hopley !" " Sir, I have said that I did not hear his name. He came without our expecting him, or I would have have known it. My mistress called him, Edward ; but of course that must be his Christian name. I understood him to be some relation of hers." " I wonder what Hopley could tell me of this ?" cried the detective, looking at her. " Hopley could tell you nothing - but of course you are welcome to ask him, if you want to. Hopley never saw him at all, as far as I know ; and I did not say i anything to the old man about it. If you question Hopley, sir, I must help you - you'd be a month making him hear, yourself." " How is it that you keep your husband in ignorance of things— as you seem to do." " Of what things, sir ?' replied the woman. " I'm sure I don't keep things from him ; I have no things to keep. It's true I didn't tell him of this. I was uncommonly tired last night, for it had been a trying day. It takes no little exertion, I can testify, to make Hopley understand. One can't gossip with him as one can with people who have got their full hearing. This was no doubt true. The detective was frightfully at fault, and did not conceal from himself that he was. The woman seemed so honest, so open, so truthful and yet he would have staked his professional reputation that there was a mystery somewhere, and that the sick man had not gone away. Instinct, intuition - call it what you want - told him that the man was lying close at hand - if be could only put that hand in the right direction and lay it on him. Bending his head, he took a few steps about on the grass and Ann Hopley, hoping that he was finished with her, went into the kitchen with her cauliflowers. Letting them fall on to the dresser from her apron, she had a sharp look around, indoors and out. The detective was then conversing with his two policemen. Now was the moment. Slipping off her shoes - though it was not likely her footsteps could be heard out on the lawn - she went across the passage, and opened. the door of the little room, from which Mrs. Grey, in her distress, had not dared to move. " Mistress," she whispered, " I must give you the substance of what I have been saying, lest they come and ask you questions too. It would never do for us to have two tales, you one and me another. Do you understand me, ma'am ?" " Yes. Go on, Ann." " The sick gentleman came unexpectedly yesterday, and was taken sick here. You and I got frightened, and sent a telegraph off for a doctor. He got up after the doctor left - said he felt better - didn't seem to think much of his illness, said he had been as bad before. Went away again at night ; had to go ; was going off to sea. I thought, as I heard you wish him a good voyage and safe landing. I didn't know his name, I said only I heard you call him Edward ; thought it was some near relation of yours. Can you remember all this, ma'am ?" " Oh yes. You had better go back, Ann. If they see you talking to me - oh, go back, Ann, I - I feel as though I should die." " Nay, you must keep yourself together," returned Ann in a kind tone. I'll bring you up a beaten egg with some wine in it. And ma'am, you might say that he was your brother-in-law. Don't fear. I'd lay all I'm worth that they won't find the master. Twice they went within a yard or two of him, but -" They heard some noise. Ann Hopley broke off, closed the door softly, stole back to the kitchen and slipped her feet into her shoes. In less than a minute, when one of the policemen sauntered up , looking through ail the windows, she was in the scullery pumping water over her cauliflowers with as much noise as the pump would make. Ann Hopley had judged correctly. Mr. Strange went to the little room, knocking for permission to enter, and there held an audience of its mistress. The baby lay on her lap iast asleep. His questions were tended to get a confirmation - or contradiction - of the servants ready tale. Mrs. Grey, though very nervous and looking as pale as a ghost, had caught the thread of her lesson well, and answered correctly. Some particulars she had to improvise ; for his questions were more precise than they had been to Ann Hopley. " His name ? Grey. What relation? Brother-in-law. What did he come down for ? To say goodbye before embarking for Australia. Where would he embark ? She did not know ; forgot ; oh, now she remembered, it was Gravesend. Was she in the habit of seeing him ? Not often. He was never in one place that long, and was always travelling about. But was he in a fit state to travel ? She did not know. She had thought he looked very ill and begged him to remain at least until today, but he said he could not as he might lose his ship. Did he come down to Foxwood by train ? Oh yes, by train ; there was no other way. And go up by the train? To be sure. Which train? One of the evening trains ; thought it was past eight when he left the Maze." " It's time for my mistress to take her egg," interposed Ann Hopley at this juncture, entering the room with the said egg in a tumbler. " I suppose she's at liberty to do it." To this last little sting Mr. Strange answered nothing. Ann Hopley put the tumbler on the table and withdrew. Poor Mrs Grey looked too weak and ill to lift it to her lips, and let it stay where it was. " Can it possibly be true that you are still in search of Philip Salter - here ?" she asked, raising her troubled eyes to the detective's. " It is quite true," he replied. " And that you really believe him to be concealed here ?" " Madam, I could stake my life on it." She shook her head in feeble impotence, feeling how weak she was to combat this fixed belief. It was the old story over again. Nevertheless, she made one more effort. Mr. Strange was watching her carefully. " Sir, I do not know what to say, more than I have said before. But I declare to you once again, as solemnly as I can ever speak to anything in this life, as solemnly as I shall one day have to answer before my Maker, that I know nothing of Philip Salter. He has never been here, to my knowledge. Why will you not leave me in peace ?" Mr. Detective Strange began to think that he should have to leave her in peace. Twice had he carried this fortress by storm to search at will in every nook and cranny - yet searched in vain. Armed with great power though he was, the law would not justify these repeated forcible entries, and he might be called to account for exceeding his duty. But the man was there - as surely as the sun was in the heavens and yet he could not find him. He began to think there might be caves underground, with some invisible subtle entrance to them through the earth and perhaps a subterranean passage communicating with Mr Smith's abode opposite. And so the second search ended as the first had done \- in complete failure. Once more there was nothing left for the detective to do but withdraw his men and himself and to acknowledge that he was for the moment defeated. 