latest jntippituf. ARRIVED <X)ASTW[SE. THURSDAY FEBRUARY 6. AMEIJA, schooner. 4 > ton*. lln'inseU, muster, from I'»rt Pirie. Cargo—254 bags wheat. MACDONNEMI BAY SHIPPING. SAILKD. February 3—JET, Blackwo»d, master, fir Melbourne*. Carjro—50t> bairs wheat, 82 bales wool, 5 catks tallow. CAPTAIN QUIN. — The HarHonr-Mister of Port Adelaide hus been for several weeks indisposed, and having had sick-leave granted to him, proceeded »n -Ve<iuesday upon a trip in search of renewed health. While the Kirkham was on the inner bar Captain Q tin toik soundings round that vessel, and a coup de noleil then received was the primary cause of his present illuess. CONGREGATIONAL ITEMS.—The February number of the fiovth Australian. Independent, after a short article on the University, a loug one upon the Relation of Childreu to the Church, another on the Burnett Judgment a-*d the Evangelicals, aid a reference to Weslex's Preference, has sundry miscellaneous papers, followed by the rubjoined, among other denominational information:—The Revs. J. Gibson aud P. Barr have been niaking arrangements for periodical sermons at Blanchetown, where religious services have seldom been held, and that, acting with ti e concurrence and under the advice of the Wesleyan minister of the Circuit in which Freeliug is situated, the Rev. J. C. McMichael has undertaken to deliver a discourse monthly at Freelipg. The Rev. J. A. Dowie, who was recognised as pastor at Alma in May, has resigned his position. The deacons of Clayton Church, Kensington, have been seeking in this and the neighbouring provinces for a suitable minister, and have now desired the Rev. T. Binney to select a pastor. In the meantime, the Church has accepted the eeuerous offer of Mr. Barc-us, who formerlv officiated at Clayton, to supply the pulpit for six months free of remuneration, so that the receipts from pew-rents, collections, &c.;, shall bo reserved for defraying the expenses of bringing the new minister. Mr. M. Disk, who recently arrived from Glasgow University, and has been preaching at Salisbury, will also visit Clayton. The Rev. A. Scales, after nearly a year's absence in Victoria lately returned to Adelaide. The Kev. T. F. Bird, who has, it is stated, been labouring about 14 years in Tasmania and elsewhere in connection with the Wesleyans, has been recently preaching at the Oxford-street Independent Chapel, Melbourne, with a view to filling the vacancy in the pastorate. The Rev. S. U. Kothwell, who has had charge of the Methodist Free Church in Richmond, Victoria, upon the expiration of his term of three years there, has joined the Congregational body, and is officiating at Billarat. The magazine has also the annexed paragraph— " Some difference of opinion as to whether Jews or Independents stood at the top of the educational list in Victoria has been expressed. Ctrtainly the official table published some time ago gave the palm to the Jews, but closely following were the Independents, who stood at the head of all Christian bodies for the number of persons able to read and write, while the Churches of England and Rome stood at the bottom of the list. Dr. Embling, M.LI.C., however. denies our secondary position, and in a letter recently published hesays—"The Independents are far ahead of other sects—Jews included —in the matter of education. Mr. Archer being my authority, the Independents are the best-educated portion of this colony." NEW MUSIC.—The " Clio Galop" is a piece of music comj osed by Howard H. Smith, bandmaster H.M.S. Clio, and dedicated to the officers of that vessel. It has been very neatly got up by Reading & Co., of Sydney. The melody is light and graceful, and though there are here and there what are technically called "concealed consecutive fifths," which might have been avoided by having recourse to a contrary or oblique motion of the parts, the composition as a whole is very creditable indeed to the author. The strains aro in E and A major respectively, and there are no difficulties which a pianist of very moderate attainments could not surmount. " The Kind's His?hway"is another composition just issued by the same publishers. It is, bowevi-r, very different from the " Clio Galop," being quite ecclesiastical in its character. The words are by Australie and the music by E. M. W. It appears to have been written as a vocal quartette, but the parts are so arranged that they may be performed upon theharmomium. The composer has evidently studied the laws of counterpoint, and in this instance ho has produced a work rich in harmony. We are indebted to Mr. H. H. Smith for a copy of each cf the above compositions. FAR NORTH RAINFALL.—From Blinman, on February 3, our local correspondent writes:— " It is gratifying to again record a splendid fall of rain in this reputably rainless North. It commenced on Sunday at midday, and continued more or less heavy until Wednesday afternoon, when it finished with a good downpour of from three-quarters to an hour's continuance. The quantity registered must have beeu little short of four inches. The road southward is in many places flooded out. A substantial ford that was put down at Wilpena Creek about 12 months since is washed away. Fortunately a small sum has been made available for the Northern-road, and a party of men are at hand to commence repairing the damage, otherwise considerable delay must have arisen to heavily loaded drays, causing expense and loss oi time to tradesmen and inconvenience to the public. Several wagons that were near have come in since the rain, with the goods of course thoroughly soaked, and doubtless considerably damaged. The journey of the mail coach down on Monday must have been a heavy one; it was the first trip under the new proprietary." FIRE.—On Wednesday evening the grass on the South Australian Cricket Association's grounds was on fire, but the extent of the damage done in the Oval was not then known. NORTHERN TERRITORY THUNDER. — The writer of a series of ably-prepared articles on Port Darwin, furnished to a Victorian paper, has contributed the following description of natural phenomena as observed in the Northern Territory :—" This is the region par excdleivce, of thunderstorms. Jove roars his loudest and shoots quivers full of many coloured arrows of lightning. I enjoy the majestic roll, the far echoing deafening peal, and thequick condensed musketry-like sound of thunder, the pale green, white, red, and blue flash and jagged streak of lightning. The finest of these atmospheric effects are found by Alpine climbers; round the Victorian coast where travellers by sea have been afforded the treat of continuous lightning for hours playing round the masthead, performing a kind of weird dance with balls of St. Elmo's fire; and I have myself on one rare occasion in Victoria seen the whole inky horizon in every quarter br lliantly lit up by a quivering network of chain lightning. I thought that the beauty of the lightning of that night was unforgetable, but all has been surpassed by the electric exhibitions and the thunders of these northern skies. The magnificence of a thunderstorm at night here makes an ineffaceable impression, the sight dwells in memory, and is, if I may say so, framed and carefully stored in a chamber of the brain to be viewed on many a future day. The rain descends in torrents ; Jupiter Pluvias and Neptune are in their angriest mood—apparent by the sea on the beach foaming and deafening us with hisses at the terrible deluge vexing it. The ^ng bright flashes show the hills on the other side of the bay in a strange unearthly blue light, and even through the darkness we can see the phosphotescent whiteness colouring the waves, so many ghosts of tumbling snowy water, seemingly silent as ghosts, for the thunder drowned their noise. It is in a eritici>m on Hugo's ' By Order of the King' that Swiuburne depicts in most euphonious-words a night storm at sea, when the infuriated waters shriek aud complain to the raging heaven. The i^ngua^e of the poetcritic is wanted to do justice to the sights and s'unds of a midnight tbuuderi-orm at Port Darwin." 