TOT-TIE'S DKBAM. A CHBI3TMA8 STOUT FOB YOUNO AMD Olli». THE "ups and downs".of lifo uro generally bsboved to bo a very common exporiopce ; but they could scarce ly have boon so with Bon Sparrow, ho had so very many downs, und so very fow ups (if any) in the course of hw oaroor. . till he managed to plod on somehow or other, outil the present time, when ho and his grand- daughters are living together in tho small house of whioh the grocer'u shop iorms part ' 'I his short biography being concured, wo como upon Ben Sparrow, «ittinp; in his parlor. The only other person in tho room ia Tottis, who is perched ou a high chair, with a rall In front, to prevent her making au attempt to walk in the air, und whose attention u divided between the old mon and certain »«tot things which aro spread upon the table. Such ns threelnrge fat figs-luscious young fellows, now. ripe, and with so tempting an air about thom as to make tboir destruc- tion appear inevitable. Much aa half a dozon or BO I »tick» of oinnamon, not aa fresh-looking aa the figs, being indood rather wrinkled specimens of spioo but notwithstanding their snuffy color, they have sui invi- ting odour about them, and tickle the nose tantalizingly. Bach as a fow dozen of plump dried currants, of oxqm alto awootness. . Muoh aa two or three bunches o! mn«, catol raisins, rich-looking, princes among grupos, with a bloom npon their skins, which speaks eloquently of luscious juices within. (Tottie's eyes wander to thsao and her mouth waters, and her fingers wait but for the opportunity.- If some kind fairy would but ory -hop !" now, and call for a quarter of a pound of brown sugar, or an ounco of tea-tho boBt ono and-foui penny-or a ha'porth of barley sugar I But business II alack, aa Ben Sparrow will tell yon, with a doleful shake of the head, and there appears no auch fairy, . in tl» form of a slattern with shoes down at heel, or ol a bold girl with a baby in her arms, or of a gutter .student, osplesa, 'with straggling hair, or of_ m. weak. oyod man with shaking limbs. No such fairy calls " Shop 1" in Tottis'« interest, aud taps the oonntor with the nimbia penny. Bnoh aa two ' whole halyw (the prettiost of poradoxos)|of oandiod lemon peel, witt suah an appetising fragrance oozing out of them, with such doiicious patches of sugar clinging to thoir alder manic insides and outsides-pearls in muscles ere value- less as a comparison-that the precious things of thc world. Buch as dolla and boxea of wooden soldier! (would they wore nil BO I), and oyster shollB ind pieces of broken shina to play at dinners nnd teas with, fade in tho contemplation of theta, such, to conclndo with, as a few shreds of maca, and a olovo or two-scarcely worth mentioning in the proterico of "thoir suporiors. These de oo ablo joys of life being spread upon thc table, immediately under Tottio's noso, and. lottie's attention being , divided between them and their lawful ] owner, Ben Sparrow, it will not be difficult to seo which < of the two potsessod the greater chirms for ber. A "rapid glance at Ban Sparrow's face, a lingering .gaze upon fruit and spice, another rapid glance (with a slight roproach in it thia time) at Bon Sparrow's faoe, and, finding no benevolent intontion thero. a more fixed and longing gaze upon tho treasures of the earth-thus it goes on without a word on either side (the thoughts pf each being so intensely engrossing), and thus it might have continued for goodness knows how long, but that Bea Sparrow, with a cheery laugh, taps Tottie'« cheek with his forefinger, and cries, in a tone ol satisfaction, I '' Now I'vo got it 1" (Tottio wishes she had.) " Now I've got it," cries tho old man again ; " ni) complotp." Tottio shifts restlessly in her high chair " ¿nd Tottio shall see mo make it " says Ben, witt bontning face, rubbing Unhands, and shifting the frail and spice about, much the same as if thoy form piocci of a puzzio, and bo has found tho key to it, " lÎBpe dally," adds Ben, "aa Tottio will sit still, and won't touch " *' No, I never 1" oxclnims Tottio. Thii is Tottio's oath, whioh sho. is muoh given ti swearing wheo he? honor la called into qnestlon. Tot tie's " No, I never 1" is, in hor estimation, worth t volume of affidavits: but it is much to'bo feared thal ?ber sousa of moral obligation is not of a high order. " And-aa Tottio's a good little girl-" " Tottie's a good little girl 1" Thero ia no oxprossion of doubt in the nods ol tho hood with which Tottio strengthens tim declara tion. " And'll sit still, abe shall seo ma maka it." The good old fellow laughs. He does not seem to re- alize how difficult is tho task ho has sot Tottio. To sit still, with those treasures in viow ! " You soe, Tottio.o Bays Ben, taking her into hit confidence, " business is very slack, and Christmas ia comiug, Tottio." Tottio gives a nod of acquiescence. .'. " So I think to myself," another nod from Tottis ; she nlso is thinking to horsnlf, " if I cnn put something in '.the . window that'll ¡make tho people look at thc figs." Here Tottio introduces an artful pieco of diplomacy " Tottis can spell fig," she says, and procoeds to dc it smilingly-" F-I-G, fig." But Ben, intent upon his sohomo, does not soe thc point of Tottio's interruption and proocods : "-Something that'll mako 'om look at the figs and tho ourrants and theraialnB- something new and spicy (B?n laughs at this joke, and repeats it)-"some- thing now and spicy ; perhaps it'll woko 'em up, and bring'm in hero instead af going to another shop. Foi they want waking np, Tottie, they want waking ur. badly." Solemn nods from Tottio proolnim the Borious con. aideration sho has given to the general sleepiness and indifference of Ben Sparrow's customers. Ben Sparrow picks np a fat currant and contem- plâtes it with aa muoh interest ns a geologist would contemplate a new fossil. Tottio's eyes follow his move- ments ; she sits like Patience on a monument, and an. other sigh oscapoB her aa B«n Sparrow (again abstract- edly) puts tho currant in his month and swallows it, Draw c veil mercifully over Tottio's feeling*. " It waa In the middle of tho night," Bays Bon Spar- row, with all the impressiveness domandod by tho his torical faot, " that I first thought of making me, and putting mo in tho window to attract custom. I was a good deal puzzled about my legs, and my stomach got into my head and I couldn't gat it out; but little, hy little nil my limbs and every othor part of mo camé to mo until tho idea was complets. And now wo'll try it, now we'll sat to work and maka a mon ? And if you're a good girl and 'il sib still, you shall soe momado." Tottie's exporionco in literature is very limited and sho knows nothiug of tho tcrriblo story of Frankonatcin, thorcforo sho is not at all frightened at the idea that-it will turn out to bo a monster. On tho contrary, if Bon Sparrow's thoughts would only talto a benevolent turn of mind in tho ahupo of a fig for Tottio. or a few plums for Tottio, or soma candied sugar for Tottio, sho would bo preptpod to enjoy tbe feat which Ben ia about to porform as muoh us if it were tho best bit of fun in tho world. " Now then," eommonces Bon. with a whimsical glance at TottK who smiles back at him like a true diplomatist " I don't know what part is generally modo first, but perhspa It'll be aa well to commence with tho stomaoh. Hero it is- hero's my stomaoh." Ho tnkos ono of the halves of tho candied lomon peel, and places it boforo him, round side np. " There's a little too muoh sugar in mo," with a moro whimsical glance than tbs first j " it'll make mo rathor too heavy, I'm afraid. And besides, Tottio, it aint trna to nature My inside aint got such a coating ' as this." Ho breakB apioeo ot cnndiod sugar from tho inside of his stomach, looks at Tottio, noticos her wistful eyes, and gives it to hor. Sho eats it oagerly, and so quickly as to cause amnzomont to Bon Sparrow, who says, " Yon shouldn't oat so fast, Tottio, Good littlo girls don't cat so fast as that " Tott'o with fouiiuino duplicity, ncoopts this warning in an Inverted souse, aud . cries with hor mouth full of sugar, " Tottio's a dood little girl," as if indorsing a state- ment mndo by hor grandmother, B^nt Tottio's thoughts aro not upon tho good littlo girl ; at tho prosont moment sha Tcsotnblcs a savage; Sba hus tasted blood, und thirsts for moro. ''It'sa fatter stomaoh than mino," proceeds Bon, laying bund upon bis stomaoh of flesh, tho stomaoh ho carno into tho world with ¡ .. \l'a 'soundor und plumper, aud would fit th« Lord Mayor or alderman, but it'll do, I tiaro Buy. - "Now for my nook." Ho plokstho thiakost ploar) of cinamon, und measures it with his oyo, brt- aking tho stick in two. " I muBn't ranko my nook too long-nor too short-nnd I tako tho thickest titoco, Tottio because it's got to support my hoad. lilka thia." Ho mukös a hole in tho aud of tho lomon peel, and alicks tho oinnnmon in firmly. " Now to stick my hoad ou Tottio." ; Ha solcots tub largest of tho fat figs, nnd attaches it to lils nook "What's tho' mixt thing P My oyes to bu surol Uurrauts"' Remarkably litio oyos do they' look whon -thoy nro inserted 'in tho faso of tho fat fig. Thin ho takes a olovo for his noso, and making a thin slit iu.tliH fig for his mouth, inserts an appropriate mor aol of mace. All this being Buocrssf ully accomplished, ho holds hiimolf up (aa far as ha goos) for his Own nutt Tottio's inspootion and approval. Tottio dapa h'or hand^ and laughs, but subsidos in a quieter humor nt a guilty thought that steals Into hor mind. Hbo thinkB what a doVghtful thing it would-bo to talto hor grai,d. other (as far ns ho goes) and catbird, blt by bit. !' I begin to look ahip.Bhnpo." ohsorves Bon Sparrow, gnzlug admiringly at tho unfinlshoC . effigy of blniBolf. " lou sou. Tottio, what the pooplo want noradnys is novolty--something new. something thoy havon't seen boforo. Givo thom that and you'ro all right. ' Now horo It is-horo's .uovolly-boro'B soiuothlng thoy'vo noyor soeu böforo , nnd If this don't bripp; custom I dont know what will." . Tottio' givos n gravo and sllout assent ; sho can uot portlr, for her mind IR bent upon cannibalism. Bhoia on dy to toar tho old man limb from limb. "But," continues Bon Sparrow, unconscious of Ut horrible thought at work in the mind of tbs apparently innocent chilli before him, " I must got alone; with myself or I shall never he finishorl. I have'nt been in any battle th»t I know of, and I wasn't born a cripple, so my limbs must So'all righi. wh"n I appear in pu blic. Now for my arius. Morn cinnamon ! I think I may oallcinnnmon mj bones." "When two pieces of cinnamon nre stuck into tho side" of the candied lemon peel, they look so naked that he says. "I must pnfc sleeves on my arms." And impnlos raisins upon thom, find sticks üro small slips of maco iu each of tho raisins which torres foi fingers. "Now for my logs, and thero I am. Moro cinnamon!" Two stioks of cinnamon stuck in tho bottom of his candled stomach, and than o'nthed with raisins, form his legs, and there ho i's complete. " I think I'll do," ho says complacently. . At thi" moment a voice calla " Shop I " and a fairy, in th» nhapo of a shoeless, ragged girl. tupi, apon the counter. Bon Sparrow goes into the shop to serve, and Tottie is loft alone with hi« effigy. Now it has beert mentioned that Tottis hoi a vice, and this ia it; she is afflicted, not with a raging tooth, bnt with a tooth so sweet a« to weaken her moral sense, so to Bpcak. she is. unablo to resist temptation when it presents itself to her in the shape of sweetmeat* and fruit, and her notions a« to the sscrednesB of sncU- llko property ore so loose t iat (no ono beingby to seo her do it) sho helps herself. Shunting her oyes, Tottie strotohos oat hor hand, and pluoking hor grandfather's loft leg bodily from his candied stomach, instantly devours it, cinnamon,, raisins, and all-ana has just mode the Jost gulp when. Ben Sparrow, having Bcrved his easterner, re-enters th* parlor. Ha casta n pnzzlod look nt bit dismembered effigy, and mutter*. " Well I if I didn't think I had made my two legt, may I Itu sugared 1" Which sweet oath is exactly appropriate to the occasion. Then ho'turns to Tottie, waois gazing unconsciously at vncanoy, with a wonder- fully intouso expression in her oyos, and aha immediately shakes hor hoad piteously, and cries, " No, I ntver! no, Inever-i" Ben Sparrow, having his doubts aroused by this vehement asseveration of innocence, says mournfully. " Oh, Tottio ! Tottio I I didn't think you'd do it 1 To bogia to oat nte.up like that !" But Tottio Bhakes hor head vehemently, and despe- rately reiterates, '" No, I novor! no, I never !" Bon Sparrow, with a gravo faoo, makes himself another leg, moving himself, however, out of Tottio'e reach with reproachful significance An unexpected difficulty ocenrs nt this point. Boing top-heavy, be con not balnnno hiuiso'f up- n his logs ; hut Bon is of an ingenious turn of mind, and ho hits upon tho expedient of shoring himself np from oehina with stout stioks of cinnamon. Then, Betting himself up, ho gazes nt him- self in admiration. Tattle's oyos aro also fixed upon tho effigy ; it possesses a horriblo fascination for her. TOTTlE'S DREAM Wbon Tottio was put to bcd, it was no wonder that she was haunted by the sweat effigy of old Ben Sparrow, and that biBlstomach of candiod.lemnn peal, and his head of rich figs nud currants, prosohtocl themselves to hor in tho most tempting shapes and forma her warm imagina- tion could devise. A n she lay ia bcd, looking at the rush light in tho wasbhand.basiu, tho effigy appeared bit by bit in front of tho bunin until it was complote, and whon it winked ono of. its currant eyes at her-os it actually did-tho light of tho candle throw a halo of glorly ovor tho form. Her eyas wandering to tho mantel- shelf, sha saw tho effigy como out of tho wall and stand " in tho middle of the sholf ; and turning to tho table, it roso from beneath it, and sut comfortably down, with its lags of oinnnmon and rniiinB tucked under it like a tailor. When sho closed her oyos, sho saw it loom in the centro flt dilating rainbow airóles, and m the centre of dark-coloured disks, which as they swelled to larger proportions, assumed hright borderings of colour, for tho express parposo of setting off moro vividly tho attraction of tho figuro. Whiohevcr way. indeed, Tottio'e eyes turned, she saw bim, until the room was full of him and his sweetness, and with hiB multiplied imago in hw mind sha fall asleep. No wondor that sha dreamod of him, Tottio and Bossio slopt iu tho onmo room, nnd Tottie dreamed that long after eho fell ailcop-it must hare been long after, for Bossio was in bed-she woko up suddonly. There sha was, lying in bed, wide awake in tho middlo of tho night. Tho room was dark, and Bho cou'd not seo any thing, but sho conld hear Bessie's soft breathing. Sba was not frightened, as she uxunlly was in tho dark, for her attention wns completely engrossed by ono feeling; In the next room slept old Ben Sparrow, who, according to tho fancy of her dream, «vas not made of blood and flesh nnd bona, but of lomon peol, fig, und currants and raisins. All the swoot thiugs in the shop had been employed in tho manufacture, anil .thero thoy lay em- bodied in him. Tottie know nothingof theology ; know nothing of the valuo of hor eoul, which, without a moment's hesitation, Bho would havo bartered for figs and candied lemon pool. , And thorn tho delicious things lay, in tho vary next room. If sho could only get thero 1 perhaps he would not misB an arm or a leg. But to eat tho old man who was so kind to hor ! Sha had a dim consciousness of the wish, hut sho could not rid herself of it. Thought Tottie. " Ho won't know, if he's ailoep, and porhaps it won't hurt him." Hor mouth watered, her oyes glistened, her fingers twitched to be nt him, hor stomach criod out to nor. Sho could not withstand the tsmpt ition. Slowly and tromblingly sho crept out of bod, and groped atong tho ground towards tho door. Bessie ww asleep. Every btdy was asleep. Tho house was very quiet. Every thiner f avonred the accomplishment ot' tho horriblo deed. .. Nobody will know," thought Tottio Thoroughly engrossed in har desporate cannibalistic purpose, and with her teeth grating against each othor Tottio turned the handle of tho door and opanod it ; but as sho looked into the dark passage Bon Sparrow's door opened, and a sudden flood of light pourri! upo» her. It so daisied her, and terrified her, that sho fled hack to her bed on all fours; and scrambled upon it with n> beating heart, and a face as white ns a ghost's. Sitting there glariig at tho door, whioh she hod left parti) epea in her fright, aha saw fha light steal into tho room, and, flyiag in tts midst of it, old Bon Sparrow. Ho was not quite as large as lifo, but he was ever so many timos moro sweet and dalicious-looking. An old Ben Sparrow appeared, tho room, beoamo os light as day and Tottie noticed how rich nnd luscious woro tho gigantic fig which formed bis head, tho candied lemon peel which formed his stomach, the raisins which olothcd his IORB and'arms . and M for ! the riponcss of his dnrk, beady, fruity eyes, thora was no form of thonght that .conld tru'y express tho temp, tation that lay in thom. Ben Sparrow hovered in tho air for a fow momenta, and than steadied himself, as it woro ; ho stood bolt upright, and treading upon nothing, ndvancod slowly and solemnly, nnd sotting lt down firmly upon nothing boforo ho could muk o up his mind to move tho othor. In this manner ho approached Tottio, anil sat down on har bcd. For a little while Tottio nae too frightened to speak Sho held hor breath, and waited with oloBcd lips for him to s«y something. Butas . grandfather did not m ovo or speak, her courage gradually ' returnod, nnd with it her craving for some of him. Her longing conld on'y he satisfied in one way. Timorously she roached nub her hand toward his face ; he did not stir. -Toward bis eyes ; ho did not wink, Hor fingir touohod his oyo ; it did not quiver-and out it come and waa in her band 1 -Her heart throbbed with fearful ecstasy, as with averted head she put tho terriblo morsel j in her mouth It was delicious Sbo chowed it and I swallowed it with infinite relish, and, when it was gone, (thirsted for its follow Sbo looked timidly at tho old man. There wnB a queer expression in bis fig face, whioh tho loss of ono of his ovos had tloubtloas imparted toit. "Itdoosn't seem to hurt him," thought Tottie. IHeroagor fin cors wore soon close to the romniuing eye, nnd out that carno, nnd was disposed of in liko manner, Tottio certainly novor knew how good lien Sparrow WM until tho prcsont time. She bad always loved him, bat . novor BO much as nbw. Tho oyólos faco had a mournful expression upon it. and seamed to say, Badly, "Hadn't i yon bettor tako ma next?" Tottio cl ut obed it des . paratoly^ It wnggod at her. and from its Imaoa lip« a murmur Boomed to issuo, "Ob, Tottio! Tottio! To servo mo Uko this!" Bw j Tottio was ravenous No fonr of con sequences conld strip bim, now that sho had tasted him, m d found how ' sweet lin -was. Sho shut har eyoB nevertheless, ns, io ( tho exocuti-.n of her murderous purpose, she tugged at his hoad, whioh whon she lind torn from hU body, sho . ate bit hy bit with a rare and fonrful enjoyment. When ^ sho lookod again at tho hendióse' figuro of tho old man, ono of tho legs moved briskly and heh) itself out to hw, ' with an air of " Mo next !" iu tho notion. But Tottio, nnngnrlng for tho V mon peel stomach, disregarded J tho Invitation. It was difficult to got tho stomach off, it was so tightly fixud to its legs, whou she succeeded ? tho arms carno with it, nud Bho broke thom off short nt tho shoulder bindo 'and thought sho hoard n groan Bl sho parformail tho cruel operation But her heart WM hardoncd, and sho continued bur feast without remorse. How dolicious it was ! Sho WAB a lonrr timo disposing of it, for it waa very largo, hnt nt length it was id oaten, and not a pieco of candied sugar was loft. Ai sho ' Bucked har fineors with delight, a sonso of the wickedness nf what pho had dono como upon her. HM grandfather, who had nlways boon to kind to hor I Bhe bogan to cry nnd trambto. Bnt thn'arma and legs-nv mninoil. Thoy must bo eaton. Something dreadful would be dodo tn hor if they worn discoverad in bet bcd ; so with feverish basto sho dov urod tho limbs. And now not n traca of tho old manlramninod. She bsd dovourod him from hond to font. Olio would novor SM him ngaln-noyor, novor ! How drosdful tho tablo I«<okrl, with him not on it! Kow Tottio wished she . ba.ln't done it I She was appalled at tim contemplation of he . Ruht nnd by tho thought of how sho would bo Punished if sho was found out. In th« midst of thew fears the light in tho roora vanished, and oblivion Ml I npnn Totttfi - -Tt, L. FAHOEON._. K bïDNIiiY - JMntaa und Published by SAMUM. H BBNNBTT. Bolo Proprietor, ufc tho .ßinplro Ollie«, ? Pltvstte&t;, TaeatUy, 23rd Doconiber, 1873. 1 