\- A. FIJAN, As Het Is.--A 'Fiji resident gives the following description of the average Fijian :-Have the susoeptible maiden ladies and gold-speotacled old gentlemen of Exeter. hall, whose gushing sympathies condemn so many of Britain's curled darlings to inglorious warfare in our seas, where their advent is attended with periodical 'eruptions, of gilt buttons and a healthy impulse to the millinery business and religious duties among the ladies, ever tried to realise what our black brother's noriial condition is f Take a full- flavoured Fijian. He smells of Araby the unblest or some other unsaleable perfume; has no filial instinct unless he happens to get paid for work in advance, when he finds himself impelled to go and visit his sick mother: listens to a 'moral discourse, with the smug sanctity of a convict trying the converted lay; considers a saint in eslu is twice a saint in shirt, and regenerates himself accordingly off the nearest clothes.line. Hoe opines that thite men were "created to relieve him of the cures imposed on Adam. He was invented for the benefit of Darwin and Buckle. In: eating, a boa constrictor becomes a rank impostor by com parison, and he sleeps in proportion;, his intellectual recreations are catohing fleas and pelting floating. bottles; his forehead is re treating-so are his legs in war, when his' policy is masterly inaction and annexing,pigs and fowls on the line of march.' He will steal Epsom salts sooner than let his talenits rust; to ,government money he says "siga; " carries, a knife with which'he eats and soratobes himiself 'alternately ; never reads SHuiley on Protoplasm, but he sometimes has 'a. knowledge of poker; gives unsolicited concerts at most unseasonable, hours. His pedigree is's icomplex, as that of a decayed Irish gentleman; and he is usually related to oneof'the first families of'Bau. Helubricates himself until he shines like a newly polished office stove, and then loves to strike off copies of himself on wall papering and 'newly painted surfaces. He roosts under verandahs, when be holds cauous meeting to arrange the yam. and fowl tariff; carries out the' early-closing system in its integrity; usually drinks water; when se mate, gin; and his health is always precarious. He can lie stupendously, gives no credit, and his thirty-nine articles are- malu. , At .clearing a hen-roost: I'll backihim ,against any champion.' 'Like the' lilies'ofI the field he toils not, neither., does he,; spio,i bit; there the resemblance ends; ihe is a, com munist socially, a paradox politically, and. a cuss generally. I dismiss him. TTHuiRoatn OATHOLOS,AND THE EvDU?A TION AoT oF VIOTORIA.--The Melbourne .'Age states that a meeting was held on Friday at 'the residence of Bishop Goold, presided Aprvr by Archbishop Polding, and attended by .a,.largo numbr of clergymen and many influential laymen of the Oatholio body, for .the purpose of considering what steps should ..be taken in reference to the working of the new Education Act. The proceedings were private; but we have been informed by .a :reliable authority that, after considerable die-' cussion, a determination was arrived, at to avoid adopting any definite course until the regulations bnd boon published by the govern. ment. Those regulations and the not will then be placed side by side with a view to .ascertaining if the Catholic schoole can con esistently be brought withii 'the scope 'ofl the 'now state of things, or be withdrawn.from all 'connection with the state. The Oatholiobody will then publish a pronunociaomonlo, and a public meeting will be held, in order that aso 'vital a' question may be considered 'by the general Catholic body, as well as from an ecclesiastical noint of view. Niw 'oYK At,tnse,-The street boys, as is well known, are exceedingly sharp and keen, and being acoustomod to theatrioal ,performances, are nosily touched by real oratory, and by dramatic instruotion; but they are also reotloes, soon tired of long ex '.hortations, and somewhat given to chaff, The early days of those "boys' meetings" were stormy. Somotimes the ealutatory exorcises from the otreet were showers of htones; sometimes a gonoral scrimmage oocurred over the bonOhes; again, the visitors or missionaries were peloted by soma opposition gang or bitter enomies of the lads who attended the meeting. The oxercises, too, must be conducted with much toot, or they broke up with a laugh or in a row. The platform of the boys' meeting.seoamoed to become a kind of chemical test to the gaseous element in the brothron'e brains. One pungent criticism we remember--on n ious and somowhat nontimontal Sunday.-nhool brother, who in one of our meetings had been putting .forth vague and dooloamatory religious ox hortation-in the words " gas I gasl" whis pored with fifnit contormpt from ona hard faced young disciplo to another. Unhappily, too, was the experionoo of any more daring missionary who ventured to question theose youthful inquirers. This, " in this parable, my dooear boys, of the Phariseo and the pub. lican, what is meant by the ' publiaan?'" ,'! Alderman, sir, wet oeeps a pot-house!" " )imoorat, pirl" "Black republican, air I" Or, "my boys, what is the great end of man? When is he happiest ? How would you feel .happiest?" " When we'd plenty of hard cash, sir I" Or, " my dear boys, when your father nnd your mother forsake you, who .wilitanke you up ?" "The purlice, air (very :.ierlously), the puilice I" They sometimes took'their own quiet revenge among them selves, in imhattag the Sunday.shool ad. .,,dreses delivered to them.-The Dangerous Olasses of Now York, by Charles Loring * Ota ANINo SrtI.-Use poaateoWater for all oloilurs and kind; hgrate some potatoeisinto cold spring water, say a large potato to every muart of water, of which five or six ?will?dao for a oot,'Pl of dresses,. If for very +ight ilk, paro the ,'atatooen; if any way dark, n5etrdy wasnh them hlesn. The pan of watermnat n, t be stirred in the least for forty-eighti hinrs; than very slowly and stendily pour off the cloar liquor, but not n particle of the sedi' mont, into an open v'asel-a bath, or suah like. Dip the pieoa of silk into thih liqaid uyi ,:and, down a .iow times, without the ]aact oreasing them ; th? n wipe them on a flat tlble with a clean towe'l, t?rt one ide,"ihen the: 6ther. It is as w?l toi hang 'eiah ,one as dipped upon a baos ta sallw the drops to drain off 'i little bef?re wipHng, Hbav a cdamp a'loth'to onver threNM till the\ are done, then I rdn one way o the~ siled side 'It is asto'uish 'ling to esoa itow un% a dosse looks done ino this manner. HOIailLi Nr.sauR thrnv-A. tale of in. :rodlblo honor cornea to uts from Illinois, It Is well for the journalitio mind that it is.,not often balled upou to dasorlbo an event of such .. . . .77--- ,?= - '. -- - = - inky and unmitigated gloom. The time was August, the skies were fair, when, seated in 'i railway-car, a bright, blooming, bashful, and beautiful young bridal pair went forth from Peoria on the first stage of that journey which ends, it may be, in the grave, or haply in Chiongo. The huisbaind of an hour was all pride and tenderness; the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the slow'train moved from the station, the fair young being incautiously put her bead out of the window, perchance to scent the morning breeze, like Hamlet's father's ghost, perohance to wave a last fare. well to the weeping friends of her girlhood. Too,. too fatal moment! A telegraph-pole did not decapitate her-no, ah no! That were oy, compared to--.. FRastily bringing her head within the oar, she buried her. agonised face in her hands. 'The terrified bridegroom is said to have instantly expressed himself, with great presence of mind, in thie touching and memorable language:-" What was it, darling? What frightened it, denta? Tell its own' hubby! What makes it cry?" What,. indeed, 0 vicious fate I She had dropped a lovely and expensive set of teeth out of the window. She never smiled again until she. had seen a dentist.-New York 'Tribune. A fair denizen of fashionable Paris, whose extravagance bore rather hard.on.her hue. band's purse, was taken totask by him for her wmint of economy: " I know what you say is true," replied, the repontent belie; Cbut what shall I do' to reduce our. ex pense?" "'Why, mna ctre," replied the husband, delighted with her silbmission, "you ride a great deal; why not take an omnibus occasionally instead of a carriage ? That will save something, surely." The wife agreed, and as soon 'as her husbind was gone she rang for her maid.' " Mariette, call me a 'coach that I may get to the omni bus to go to.the Madeloine.. I. must econo mise." 'The other day Molecule pronounced the following to Atom':-! A' boy said to a gentleman, ' my, father, and mother had a daughter; but she is not mynoister.' Now, how do you explain that?,"--Atom re flecoted, but'all in vain. To his every aug. gestion Moleoulo replied by a mild but de .ided nogativo. .At length Atom was forced to' give itup. ".Why, it's simple enough," said, Moleoule, with an exasperating smile, "the;boy lied." ' A.;'A wealthy but miserly old. man, dining in London one day with his son at a restaurant, whispered in his ear, "Toin, you must eat for to-day iend to-.m'rrow.' "Oh,' yes,". retorted 'the' hilf-starved lad, " but I hav'n't eaton for yesterday and the day before yet,' father!" ' 