ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. U }% Bt GiomrO'RABraqmir. -L ± Yes, my bewildered Public, I have foundj it! I have hit upon an infallible remedy for that 'religious difficulty' in our; Urinflftfcinnfti svittfim- which is Puzzling the Drains ana exciting we passions oi rwpew, able citizens to such an extent as to carry them far beyond the bounds of justice and common sense. Thus an ex- senator goes out of his way to denounce the heresies of Huxley, who was the most eloquent advo cate at the London School Board for the use of the Bible in schools. While a member of Trinity Church has poured himself forth in a manner which must lead to early consul-: tation with his medical adviser. But I am not going to argue the question with these terrorists, for fear of being relegated to the Register's advertising columns, so I proceed to state my projected panacea. It is clear that as attendance at the public schools is to be compulsory nothing must be taught therein which is opposed to the religious faith of any section of the taxpayers. It is clear, on the other hand— unless, indeed, the high authorities who have declared it ex! cathedra are not infallible — that a purely! secular education will simply lead the colony to destruction; It therefore follows that, while there must be religious teaching, it must be of such a kind that none can object to it. To achieve this is surely an easy task, i Let the Governor appoint a Commission, con sistingof the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, Rev. H. Cheetham, Mr. Magarey, Mr. J. M. Solomon, M.P., the Editor of the Jrishffarp,, the Trinity Church member already referred to (unless, indeed, Dr. Paterson should object to his going at large), Mr. E. Ward, M.P. (whose eloquent advocacy of the claims of ' Bible truth' in the debate on the Bill must endear him to all men of high principle, though I don't know exactly what Church he would represent, unless he has renewed his allegiance to Mr. Spurgeon) — let theGovernor appoint these 'representative men,' with others similarly chosen from each re ligious denomination in the colony,.. with instructions to prepare a course of religious teaching suitable for public schools, and to report so soon as they are unanimous. Meantime the Bill :ould provide for the needful secular instruction, to be supplemented — I beg pardon, I forgot that supplementing will not do — to be carefully inter mingled with the course prescribed by the Commission, so that the whole commu nity may grow up as devout, honest, and intelligent as the children who have enjoyed the priceless benefits of Bible reading under the semi-denominational system tacitly sanc tioned for so many years by the present Board of Education. I think this plan must zommend itself for simplicity and complete ness to men of all shades of opinion, and with my accustomed magnanimity I freely present it to my fellow-colonists. [Of course some thing in the shape of a piece of plate, a purse if sovereigns, or a Bquare mile of land by way of a testimonial is so obviously the right thing that I scorn to mention ii] There is me detail of my scheme, however, which should not be overlooked. It is generally the custom to remunerate Government Com-, missions according to the number and length )f their sittings. In the present case it would be desirable for obvious reasons to adopt a jystem of payment by results. The Light election affords a remarkable instance of Spartan firmness. My respected Sammy— as we learn from the best authority, iris own— got a tremendous requisition, but jot it just too late. Not too late as regards «he nomination day, but too late inasmuch as tie had made up his mind not to stand, and pose. What might have been the resuH had he complied with the invitation oi course no one knows, but it is something in these days to find a man who will stick tc his word, and cheerfully resign the prospeel of future greatness, when his whole existence has been one life-long ambition to sit amidst the Rulers of the Land. But oh, my Sammy, resolute as you are, how could you resist that requisition with the names of six and-seventy influential Rivertonians ap pended thereto t Was it fair to your fellow colonists, was it just to your adopted country to let such Quixotic notions of moral con scientiousness, sucha Jephthah -like adherence to a rash vow, stand between you and the common weal? If you had but been less hasty in your decision, or if those free and in dependent electors of Riverton had but been more expeditious in making up their minds, what parlous time we might then have seen .' You know well, my pugnacious Public, that you heartily share in your Geoffry's love of a row, and you will therefore join him in lamenting this quiet walkover, although to confess the truth he believes that in any case his (S)tow would have been M.P. [?(h)empy], for he would as soon expect to see Mercury fall from heaven as a Ray-f all from Light. At the same time, I am not entitled, nor do I claim to monopolize the mantle of a prophet, and I cheerfully admit the following counter prognostication from a rival in the art, especially as, appearing after the event, it can now do no harm: — The Requisition. f After 0. W. Houses on the Comet.] The requisition's on its way, And whizzing by the train; And Stow's Committees gnash their teeth And tear their hair in vain. Ah ! well may Randolph Stow look blue, And hard his molars grind; Full six-and-seventy powerful names In dread array are signed. On, on, by stations great and small, It rattles and it roars; While higher still the furnace-smoke In curling volumes soars. A puff, a whistle, and away The country seems to fly, Till distant Adelaide's rival towers Stand out against the sky. - And what would straightway happen then Throughout our southern clime, If this long requisition reached Our Sammy's hands in time? Full fierce and high his speech wouldbreatho, Full loudly he would scream;— Methought I saw afid heard it all In a dyspeptic dream. I saw a telegraphic clerk Admire tne lengthy list; The very nature of the news Quite paralysed his wrist I saw a small boy on a horse, Who swiftly westward rode, And breathless left the words of fire At Sammy'^own abode. I saw Kapunda's narrow street With Sammy's noble form Poised high above the shouting mob Te quell the rising storm. I heard bis shrill and angry voice Attempt the row to drown; I saw his arms like windmill sails : Go flapping up asd down. I saw the men of Riverton, A leal and trusty throng, \- Come lounging slowly down the street, ' Full six-and- seventy strong. I heard the echoing shout* that rang O'er all the country side, As Sammy stood, and smiled, and bowed, ' In all his hoped-for pride. I saw a little knot of men. Whom all appeared to ahun; They wbipered unto Randolpa Stow, 'You'd better cut and run.' I heard a sudden swift stampede, 'Twas Stow & Co. in .flight, As Samuel Raphael was declared The new M.P. for Light. Strange sights ! strange sounds ! oh, mocking dream! [ Its waking brought relief, j For then I saw my Sammy sit ; Enwrapped in secret gnef. i I saw him beat bis manly breast, And curse his evil fate; For, though the requisition came, He swore it came— too late. For a delicious touch of poetic feeling com mend me to the following mournful conclu sion to last Thursday's share market report, culled verbatim from my prosaic Register: — ' At the Theatre Saloon night business has ceased. There are no thousand pound offers for stock there now, and little is to be heard beyond the rattling of billiard balls !' A mariner would no doubt recognise a natural connection between reefs and rattlin's, and I confess for my part I do not wonder that the rash youths who first plunged so despe rately into the fierce excitement of the share market should ultimately plunge into a quiet pool and seek for peace amongst the cues. It is particularly appropriate that losing speculations should be followed by winning hazards — that the bursting of mining bubbles should be followed by the sound of cannons— and that a desire to bury the recollection of the late follies should develop a mania for pyramids. MY PORTFOLIO. Fair Adelaide asd False Abthub. A Ballad of the Forth Couxtrie. As it fell out one July day Two lovers sat side by side, There was Arthur the bold, and fair Adelaide, Our gay Civil Service's pride. ' I see no harm by you, Adelaide, And you see none bj me ; Before many days are past and gone I'll make things pleasant for thee. 'Before many days are past and gone Thy Arthur's choice thou shalt be, ?. And my gallant Scott shall lead thee home To my hall in the North Countrie.' Out spake Sir William of Everard, ' On the far Victorian strand Dwells a maiden fair— her sire was a Knight More worthy your noble hand.' Fair Adelaide sat in her bower-window Reading a missal brown, When she saw false Arthur and his new choice Come riding through the town. Then down she dropped her missal brown, And eke she sighed full sore ; M Come bind up my head, my seven brethren, For soon I shall be no more.' When day was gone and night was come, And sleep was o'er the land, Her spirit came to false Arthur's bed And stood at his right hand, 'Are you asleep, Sir Arthur,' she said, ' Or can you near my voice ? Oh, give me joy of ny shattered hopes, And you of your Melbourne choice !' When day was come and night was gone, And dawn began to beam,- - - False Arthur said to his merry men four ' I have had a gruesome dream. - ' I dreamt a dream, my merry men four ; Such dreams may ill betide ! I dreamt I saw fair Adelaide's ghost Standing at my bedside.' 'Such dreams, such dreams, my Chief so bold, Such dreams may ill betide ! To dream you saw fair Adelaide's ghost Standing at your bedside.' Bold Arthur called to his merry men stout By. one, by two, by three ; Saying ' We'll away to the Parliament House, And see what hap may be.' Then up they rose, his merry men stout, Sir Layyngton rose and ran, With Bright, Sir Arthur's little foot page, And Charley, his serving-Mann. And when he came to the Parliament House He knocked with knightly din ; And vho so bold as the seven brethren When false Sir Arthur came in. There foremost stood vain-glorious Ward, Whose words like mill-wheels run, With Krichauff, skilled in forest craft, And learned Stevenson. Hard-headed Pearce and Bray so brisk With wrath were boiliag o'er, Wasp-Erskine, too, and high-flown Hughes, Who wrangled evermore. Oh, then outspake the sevet brethren, They spake in angry tone; 'Wb3'takeyou up with your Melbourne choice While Adelaide sighs alone V 'If I took up with my Melbourne choice It seemed most meet to me That she with my gallant Scott should ride To my hall in the North Countro. 'Deal on, deal on, ye seven brethren ? But note full well this sign; If to-day ye weep for fair Adelaide's leath, Ye shall weep to-morrow for mine.' Fair Adelaide sighed, fair Adelaide weft, But hers was a bootless sorrow, For as loud as they spake, those seven brethren, False Arthur survived the morrow. MORAL. Take heed, take heed, ye young men all To Parliament who go, And seek not yeur love on the Melbourne strand Or the choice may work you woe. That ill-starred choice may work your fall By Parliament's accord, For it may not be your good hap to see The foe led on by Ward. Echuca Fleas.— The following 'yarn' is published in the Geelong Advertiser:— ' It is believed by those who have resided at Echuca during the height of summer that there is no place in the world like it for fleas, and an amusing story is told about them. Some time ago a railway official applied to be removed from the district, on the ground that the fleas were unbearable, and their attacks would be injurious to his health. His request was deemed absurd, but, determined to prove that he had told the truth, he one night got up, lighted his lamp, went flea-hunting, and in the course of an hour or two had filled an . ordinary -sized matchbox with these^ bosom companions and backbiters. Next morning he Eent his 'game' down to the department, and the 'powers that were' were so amused with his originality that they granted his request In course of time he was succeeded by another officer, about whom nothing has since been heard.' Locusts.— The Daylctford Mercury, a Vic torian paper, says:— 'There is every prospect of the locusts making their appearance among the crops of the district early this spring. Mr. Bradghaw, of Glenlyon, has shown us a number of ytuDg insects, ranging from half an inch to an inch in length. They were of % dark brown colour, and very lively, but with the wings un developed. He told us that while ploughing on his farm he could see numbers of these vora cious creatures on the surface. If they should arrive at maturity in time to attack the tender wheat and oats, the consequences may be very serious. One can only hope that the heavy rains of September or toe late frosts may destroy Impbovhd Vehicle.— The Melbourne Argus reporta:— 'A specimen ef an. improved kind of albertcar has recently been turned out by Mr. D. Besley. The body of the vehicle is nearer to the ground than usual, and therefore a passenger can more earily get in or out; but the principal improvement seems to be the comparative ?moothnen with which the car runt, owing to a peculiarity in the manner in which the shafts and footboard are connected with the body by meant of springs. The absence of the usual jerky jolting motion is certainly a great advan tage, and will probably cause the new cab to become a favourite with ladies,' . . ' 