Charles Dickens a liar ! This is a sorry thing to say of a writer who has charmed, is charming, and will charm millions of people by his pictures of life and manners, and by his inculcation of so many of the kindlinesses of humanity. It is still harder to have to say it or hear it said now that he has gone hence, and is no more' seen in this busy, world, nor his genius flashing fresh beauties of creation for the world to admire. And yet it is difficult to see-one’s way out of the verdict of falsehood already circumstantially recorded against the eminent author. Notices of Forster’s second volume of Dickens' life have made us familiar with-the description given by Dickens of the visit he made to the house of Hone, the author of the “Every Day Book,” and “the incidents narrated touching the funeral service in Hone’s house.' In a letter to Forster, Dickens tells how he and Cruickshank were there, and an Independent minister “ with his bands on and a Bible under his arm.” He goes on to tell the following story:— “ As soon as we were seated, the minister,-addressed C. thus, in a loud emphatic voice— ‘ Mr C., have you seen a paragraph respecting our departed friend, which has gone the rounds of the morning papers ?" "Yes, sir,’ says C., ‘I have ;’ looking very hard at me the while; for he had told me with some pride coming down that it was his composition. ‘Oh,’ said the clergyman, ‘then you will agree with me, Mr C., that it is not only an insult to me, who am the servant of the Almighty, but an insult to the Almighty, whose servant I am.’ ‘ How is that, sir ?’ says C. ‘lt is stated, Mr C., in that paragraph,’ says the minister, ‘ that when Sir Hone failed in business as a bookseller, he was persuaded by me to try the pulpit; which is false, incorrect, unchristian, in a manner blasphemous, and in all respects contemptible. Let us pray.’ With which, and in the same breath, I give you my word, he knelt down, as we all did, and began a very miserable jumble of an extemporary prayer. I was really penetrated with sorrow for the family (he exerted himself zealously for them afterwards, as the kind-hearted C. also did); but when C., upon his knees and sobbing for the loss of an old friend, whis pered to me, ‘ That if that wasn’t a clergyman, and it wasn’t a funeral, he’d have punched his head,’ I felt as if nothing but convulsions could possibly relieve me.” We venture to believe that few persons familiar with Dickens’ Chadband and Pecksniff, will fail to-be struck by the similarity in tone, and almost in expression, between some of the speeches put in the mouths of those two of Dickens’ creations, and the words attributed in the above quotation to the Independent minister at Hone’s funeral Nothing that Chadband ever said is more Chadband like than the passage “ which is false, incorrect, unchristian, in a manner blasphemous, and in all respects contemptible. Let us pray,” given, in the letter to Forster. We confess that in reading the narrative we felt as if the great master of description had colored the facts to make them piquant, and we are on that account, no doubt, the more easily led to adopt the verdict recorded against Dickens’ veracity in the- affair. As the facts now stand, either the Rev. Thomas Binney is a liar, or Dickens was. Mr Binney has written in the Evangelical Magazine a direct and un equivocal denial of the story as told by Dickens. It appears that Mr Binney was the Indepen dent minister who officiated at Hone’s funeral, and that, though it happened thirty years ago, five persons who were present in the little funeral parlor were still alive when Mr Binney published his denial of Dickens’ statement. Mr Binney avers that he did not wear bands, that he did not have a Bible under his arm, that the conversation alleged did -not take place, nor any conversation in such a manner as narrated, and that “ let us pray” followed the reading of a passage of-Scripture and a few words of consolation - and sympathy. Cruick shank has also denied that the alleged whis pered conversation between him and Dickens: during the prayer ever occurred; and it is said by another person who was present that Dickens neither sat nor kneeled side by side on the occasion. A minister named Harrison and two of Hone’s, family confirm, the denials. “In this way,” says Mr Binney, : “are lies pro pagated, and, comparing small things with great, in this way history, itself , may come to be written.” Our attention has been drawn; afresh to this subject by a notice of the affair in this month’s Wesleyan " Chronicle, and we really cannot see how anybody dealing with the evidence adduced can help coming to the conclusion arrived at by:- the Chronicle, that' “it is but right that it should be shown how the -master of fiction was accustomed so far to forget him self as to write fiction .when he professed to be narrating facts, a propensity which is neither honorable nor veracious.”' This is (to quote Dickens himself), “ not to put too fine a point upon it,” saying that Dickens was a liar when he wrote to Forster what Forster accepted and gave out as a serious statement'of actual occur rences. Certain it is that if Dickens did not lie they lie who survive and accuse him. If that dilemma is to be avoided it must be by regarding Dickens’ letter to Forster as a bit of designed caricature, a humorous and fabulous picture of unrealities in connection with a nar rative of circumstances connected with the funeral obsequies of a friend. But Forster does not so give it, nor is there internal evi dence of its having been so meant by the writer, and if it could be accepted as merely picturesque burlesque it could only be sq ac cepted at the sacrifice of all respect for Dickens’ good sense, good taste, and notions of even common decency. As the lawyers say, the weight of evidence is against both the theories of veracity and pleasantry. We cannot avoid the conclusion that Dickens did what many travellers do, piled up the agony of description in order to make it more sensational. Every ob servant person acquainted with the ways of men knows that many people have a propensity to embellish their narratives of facts with ficti tious accessories. The sense of superiority felt by the narrator of something which interests the listener feeds his self- love, and a love of approbation ..excites, further effort to please or surprise, and thus the infirmity leads, unless checked by a severe self- control or invincible devotion to accuracy, to that blend ing of fact and falsehood which is so common in everyday life, and which Dickens seems to have been guilty of-in the affair of Hone’s burial as told to Forster. The importance of tiie thing in relation to Dickens lies mainly in the fact that a belief of his unveracity will lessen our respect-for him as a-man and the value of his assertions in respect of his domes tic relations. An unexpected element of em barrassment is thus thrown into the coming discussion of bis separation from, bis wife, a discussion which is sure to arise when Forster’s life reaches that portion of Dickens’ history; In a less degree, also, a belief in Dickens’ ability to fib impairs the value of his creations in. fiction. Of course they stand for what they, are worth, as .pictures of character, just as all such creations do, bjif fjie affair of Hone’s burial is on the side of those critics who - find Dickens, as a novelist, guilty of exaggeration and carica ture. Weight of evidence is helped by know ledge of the deponents, and they who confront Dickens are not nobodies. Binney is a part of the. ecclesiastical and literary history of Eng land, and Cruickshank a part, of its art and literary history.- Here in Ballarat we know something personally of Mr Binney. He' has been amongst us, has. met us in social gather ings, spoken to us from platforms; preached to US from pulpits. It is, doubtless, within the , limit . of possibility that . Mr- Binney was Dickens’ ideal Chadband, but it is in the highest degree improbable, To suppose that he was is to suppose an exaggeration of con ception which passes the measure of many of the novelists most adverse critics. Mr Binney has been in the blaze of publicity for over a quarter century, and has won a certain degree of honorable fame as a writer and as a clergy man, . We cannot very easily associate ex aggeration; caricature, or unveracity with him, and for a pre- Raphaelite picture of facts we could rely easily upon him. His evidence, then, on the ’Hone funeral episode, corrobo* rated by. that of George Cruickshank, weighs down the gossippy, humorous sketch given by Dickens to Forster in the now famous letter.. The question of, how railway extension .will’ affect Ballarat,- is one which cannot well be answered until the railway is opened. It is the opinion’of many thoughtful men that it may be turned to our special advantage. Ballarat is sitiiated far enough away from the seabord to make it a convenient centre' for. a wide area of country, and . the storekeepers , who. want their stocks, wo bid certainly buy in Ballarat and save a hundred miles of travel ling to Melbourne, if we could offer them something; like, a reasonable advantage in dealing with us. To enable our merchants and storekeepers to trade without being over weighted in the race, we must first, of all have a bonded store. How it is that we have never had such a convenience as a bonded store is simply because we have never made any very determined effort to get it.. Naturally enough, all the weight of Melbourne, interest will be thrown into the scale to pre vent our getting it, , but we have had to fight against this centralising interest already and should not be deterred from doing so again. As the case stands at present, any one in Bal larat trying to do a wholesale business must lay out of hiscapitalfor customs duties as well as for the first cost of any article he may sell. The same stock could be held in Melbourne for a comparatively trivial outlay, and if we had a bonded store the Ballarat merchant could hold his stock in a similar way. As it is, he is com pelled to charge his customer, an increased price for nearly every. article he sells, solely because the Government absorbs so large a por tion of liis capital by refusing Mm the accom modation of keeping his goods in bond, until he sells them. As we said in a previous article on this, subject, it rests with the wholesale houses of Ballarat to determine whether or not this shall be made a buying place for the dis trict beyond us, or whether buyers shall be allowed to pass by us to Melbourne. The question is one wMch the City and Town Councils may legitimately take action in, the more as the sorry ghost of a commercial organisation, called, a Chamber of Commerce, has long since vanished into the invisible. 