SPOETING NOTES. Oct London sporting correspondent s letter will be found is the supplement. It was not till 11 p.m. en Tuesday night that printed lists of the general entries made for the V.R.G. Spring Meeting wen published. There was a large crowd kBSfeiftbled in arid around the Prince of Wales hotel all the evening anxiously awaiting the news, bat principally interested in the acceptances for the Melbourne Cap. Betting on the number of payers up had been freely in dulged in daring the early sederant at the Lounge, and the talent) as usual, weW pretty correct in their estimate, as 3d, 34, and 35 were the numbers generally taken ; 2 to 1, however, was several times offered that there were not 35 or over,, a wager, which the result proved the layer would have had the wont of. The entries, on the whole, are eminently satisfactory, although perhapB not quite so numerous as was generally expected. Most of the events show an increase on those made for the same races last year, but there is a falling- off both, in the Blubber and quality of the jumping division, although the hurdle race has three more nominations than last year, and amongst them a candidate for Gup honours in Dawn of Day. The Melbourne Stakes, which opens the proceedings, has eight entries as against fourteen last year. This is the race which wbb then made so interesting last November by the meeting of Hamlet, Dagwdrth, and Pjrrhus, and which resulted in the bowl-over of the trio by the beautiful Gontessa, who was, on the strength of the performance, made a strong favourite for the Gup, but, with the usual fickle ness of her sex, was " off" when most wanted. til;. nuakahlw fr.hto pafiflflfl «ll d flho fnoi XUtO IS piUWWI/s/ vuv Avmvwu « not again appear amongst the competitors. Hamlet, Dag worth, and The Aoe, however, form a trio that would render any contest interesting and exciting. The West Australian crack, Victorian, will also measure strides in this race with opponents more worthy of his steel than he could possibly meet in his own country j and how he shapes in this bout will depend whether his Gup chance is worth the 20 to 1 lately so freely invested in. There are also a couple of speedy three-year-olds in Sultan and Atalanta engaged, and as the disianoe, a mile and a quarter, is m their favour, they may possibly make the heavy metal opposed to them step out. The Hotham Handicap has thirty-one nomina tions, against twenty-three last year, amongst them a dozen of the Cup candidates, and the presence of Dolphin and Gontessa in the list will canse some surprise, as being excited ion the Saturday is not a good preparation for mares engaged in a great event on Thursday. The weights for this race have not been declared yet, and bo much depends upon them that the con sideration of the candidates muBt be left till next week. The youngsters engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate are beginning to be found out, as several have of late been treated to half mile and five furlong spins, witn the view of discovering what sort of time they could make. Lamorna must have done something satisfactory, as are believe it is again the intenti n of her breeder to put her dam , to Fireworks. Stockbridge's fine style of going has lately met with high encomiums from the louts, and he is reported as able to break I tain. 7sec. Mr. Fisher's had a spin on Saturday, but it was hardly satisfactory after half a mile. Melbourne, in Mr. Tait's stable, f>ems to go well enough, and when put alongsuie Rose d' Amour, makes her travel to a merry tune. Mr. Bowler's Thorn is not much to look at, but he can move along well when once in motion. Lang's brother to Pro gramme is a workman all over, and eees with great dash and freedom. Tercel is a great overgrown baby that will require fully another year to lick into shape. Oae of Mr.Dowling's is said to be very geod, and Tbe Hook is reported as progressing favour ably. War Eagle is now < aid to be the best of Davy Jones's pair. Eingsborougb and Ne», from Sydney, go well, and the former is said to have made better than average time. Lion and Tin- finder represent South Australia, and are giving their trainers every satisfaction. About a score will probably faoe the starter, and judging by the wjbispere which occasionally are wafted from those in stable secrets, Stookbridge, Lamorna, Mel- ' bounie, JCingsborough, The Hook, and Gaslight are it present the pick of the basket. v ' lie. Derby is still an open raee, and there are yet geyehfaen caadidatesj ttiat, unless kooident intervenes/, may be expeoted to start. Lapidist pteiMMWte day tpd tbe next does xto and until ' : o . . . . he was seen to dress down either Dolphin or Gon tessa at equal weights, no one knew what to make of him,. Dagmat was repotted queer lest week, but St. AlbSns is much more to be feared wheh qaiet than when boueceable. Maid of h&£ recovered frorh hSr cdugh. atid a gallop ehe had the other day gave thch Satisfaction that she has become a prominent fet duribe. < This filly astonished Us all 50 ihuoh last New Veer's Day by the easy manner in which she defeated all the cracks that her ohaaoe must be one of the greatest, the chief objection against her being that she belongs to the softer sex, who are proverbially fickle in November. Ask:n has not been long enough in full training to do justice to himself. Mountaineer, Mr; Bowler's colt by Snoffden out of Mitta Mitta put id ah appearance on Mondays and ao astonished the onlookers by bis Style of going, that he was at once introduced into the betting and backed for a considerable amount. Mr. Bowler is always dangerous, and would not have sent this colt to town had he not previously been well tried at home, and remembering Antelope and Formosa, we must hold Moantainer in some respect. Echo is a nice, shapely colt, but one that is hardly Up to Derby form. Dante b&nh;'dt be fit enough to be better than Lapidist. Presumption, Miss Milly, and Rosalie may start to represent the owners, but none of them have performed well enough in public or private to cause their chances to be any thing but the remotest, and the same may be said of both the Sylvia Golt and Reflection. Sultan promised well until he met with an accident, but it is to be feared that he has been too long con fined to the Stable foi Stete MfihoU to g6t him anything like ripe: The starting oi Latona, Mirth, and Hinglifcfe is problematical, although all arS doing good work, but if < any of them go there is nothing in their previous running to frighten the creeks. Ghampagne is a maiden in Mr. Dovrling'a stable that is well bred enough for any thing, but as the stable has made no sign, it is to be presumed that she is nothing oat of the common. Speculation will represent Nefir Sduth Wales, and ha S bebh giving great satisfaction to his friends by the way he has been doing his work. He has, however, as yet shown no disposi tion to travel beyond a mile and a quarter. On fka wlinln if-, maw Ko nPABlimAf) that, fpn ft Waiil vu vbv ww uuiv 1u aaa wv of Avenel, Dagmar, Lapidist, Seaspray, Rose d' Amour, and Mountaineer the winner will come. The Essenden Stakes h&s; half a ledre in it, being More than last year. The dons of the party are undoubtedly Horatio and Fitz Yattendon, but there are three dark candidates in Don Juan, Ghampagne, and Triton. In a race of this kind, a really good three -year-old has to a certain extent the beBt of it, bat as Fitz Yattendon, who my be reckoned toe most dangerous of thoBe engaged, has a 101b penalty, it is more open than would appear at fitat light: TH.ei4 are eight engaged iii theFootscray Plate, all of a moderate class, who shoud afford a very good tussle, Topper and Latona having so for given most promise. The fourteen engaged in the Maiden Plato, which opens the second day's racing, are a very superior lot, into whose ohances an insight will be afforded by the first day's running sufficiently early te render remark unnecessary at present. Nine is a good enough entry for such a race as the Railway Plate, and it should afford us a good race, especially as the three-year-olds en gaged are very speedy under light heights. The Hook shonld be the best of the trio that remain in the Woodstock Plate. All the Gup candidates who have the ghost of a show have paid up, and also several who can have no chance. Dagmar and Yalestine are those alone whose hbssncC will cause any surprise. Castaway, the New Zealand csndid&te;, is also non estt as is Gauntlet, from Riverina. The score entered for the Hurdle Race may be dismissed with the remark that Finnigan, Olod- dopper, and Bacohus are going to try their band at the business, find that Hotspur, whd bOB been at grass for the last foUr fhoiithS, is ndt amongst them. There are a baker's dozen in the Darling Stakes, and amongst them Little Dick and Nim blefoot — ancient opponents at muoti higher game. The Royal Park Stakes has only fire, and they must think something of Don J usn at St. Albans when they enter him to oppose the best horses in the land at weight for age. The baker's dozen in the Flying Stakes are all pretty fast, and the presence of Gaslight atnofigst t&bth; points Con clusively to hr being the best of the WilliamBtown pair of two-year-olds. For once, the Oaks will be worth looking at, even should Rose d'Amour, Dagmar, Maid of Avenel, and Sea Spray alone tart. However, at present it seems likely that these four clippers will be opposed by Mirth, Rosalie, Runnymede, Miss Miliy, Ghampagne, and possibly the Nutout filly. There is a very good entry of thirty-one for the Spring Handicap, and of thirteen for the Four-year- old Handicap, and as the weights are supposed to be so made as to level all distinctions, both should produce good raoes. There are twenty-seven in the £100 Plate, amongst tnem several two-year olds, wbo should be able to do half a mile faster than their more ancient companions. Of the oldsters, Little Dick is the moBt remarkable from bis presence. The meeting of Dagworth, Horatio, Hamlet, and Speculation in the All Age Stakes will be exciting, bnt it is rather strange that only one two-year- old should venture to oppose them. Who Monlk nf tKn TWhv and Oaks will much thin the list of those at present engaged in the Mares' Produce Stakes, and it can hardly be expected that more than half-a-dozen will go to the post. The Y.R.O. and Free Handicaps, as usual, have secured a large entry, especially the latter, which has eight more than last year. Tsere are only seventeen in toe Steepleohase, and a sorry lot they are to what we hate seen in former years. Narcisse, however, is amongst them, and if he comes fit to the post— which is more than doubtful — we will see what show Pro- digious atad Prior will make alongside him. Two dozen have patronised the Flemington Plate, but of this number a quarter is almost mere than can be expected at tbe pos , and unlesss Lapidist is really a first-class three year-old, or Dagworth and Hamlet get more than enough in previous races, tbe two latter should onoe more have the finish to themselves. l£r. Filgate bias wisely resolved that he will not again be disappointed as he was last y ear in the Melbourne Cup, therefore both Gontessa and Dolphin are to pay a visit to The Marquis before running so as to avoid accidents, Gontessa has already been served, and Dolpbin will follow suit as soon as she shows symptoms of being in M»on. The entries and acceptances for the Wyndham rwee, which take place to-day (Saturday), appear in another- column. They are not very numerous, but as there is likely to be a good ooat©efc for toe Ufenribee Park Handicap, those who wish for a day's outing oould f>qt d9 better than attend already wiony fej-. Saturday by thAi T"1 ft0® Sydaiii Dagworth, Horatio, W® politan winner and splendid December, which has hithertobL- have determined this season annual gathering till the auttana. not actually fixed, although soihg was talked about, but it wm U! days should be such as not to clash«fh? ; meeting. — ohq 2xtoqi 51 Some fatality seems to a. i, , bred at Woodstock. Already had to chronicle the death of thra? animals from accident, and now anoXi?80 added to the lisw Wtfife, by | J?? promising two-year in Waldock'sstebSi Mr.A.f.tmlaypUtehaisd ai ft yjhttjp stock sale, while out at exercise ou W Lift- n th fenChMge f a>y' hurt hersl died follewisg evening. A post ?? by Mr. Vincent, dUceverid thaXe" , her back, the laBt of the lumbar vertebte hdS fractured. -By thw untuneiyeoa<rrfft0,wfcul!< dates for the .Woodstock Plate areSlS Thorn The Hook »d th, Fiom Amonprt the noing fixtures which hm li " already been noticed ue the Wiloamii.xLl Club Eaoec, which take pUc o. ' days of the present month. Oailtem BaoM ;B<S Norih eastern District take place on the : Pistol nepruuy. ihe programme has not wt been published, but doubtless it will be oo ST same liberal scale as those of Albury. WsB«15f etc; The Billydale Turf Q\uh have tSSSwP determined to olaeh with Willi&mitdwn; indS-' All England match by holding their msri3DJ!I!? Boxing Day. The bill of fare, howeverSt? ciently good to attract the attention of platen, w there ate a handicap of 50 eove., a hQrdleaSrf 30 sovs., and a selling race of 28 eovs. From Ceylon we have good accounts of to Victorian horses sent upat the end oflartBeaj® by Mr. Yuille. The Quack, Commodore, sod Fitz -James are all doin ; well, and tbe fintlid itf meet the great Satellite at Booepore within s veft of the despatch of the mail. AuBeroir/byPuie out of Flying Doe, when half fit, won smile raoe at Colombo, carrying 9st 121b, and did 'to die tance in 1mm. 50seo., which his owner diazaotaiwi as a great performance considering his cmditioo, The uack, dommodtore, J rogrflmme, asH '< Revoir are sll in bne etable, under 'to tofje fif' Henry Walsh, well-known here some jean ' as jeckey for Messrs. Yuille, Cleelsad,anifieldju and with four such really good animali to upon, he should hate fi great s«asen toii jeer. J The committee of the ViotOriaa TatostslU'g have appointed both, comparing sod eStiiiig dajt j over the approaching Y.R.C. Spring Msethji-' Few need be reminded that punehnlitjr oe ! latter occasion is particularly deiir&to;,- bfifi; there are some whe think comparing qoito ttu' necessary, we would cautkm them ;hat bycoms|f forw&rd; they wonld save the poaubility flf t% unpleasant dispute after the meeting ii oreii m The Wefltwhrth handicappere have twweb»aB» capped Prsitor for their Handicap, fflolrng ti diffdrencb of 4lb. bbtweCn him Uheii eaWfidhv one hfbthdr's nfizhe to hfit thSy do tered in the otuer's. This wofild Rdf believe that on tbe Darling it u the men, an«l horses, they handicap. ' A good entry of twenty-five was osde W; Thursday for Tattersall's Club Cup, which W be run Jor next New Year's Day ou the fieawkjC racecourse. The quality of toe eatry, hew tfV is ndt hxtradrdinarUy gdod which u » aooounted for by thh fab'fc that the pidk ofw New Bouth Wales hones will not Hsfe i from the Victorian campaign by the JtT.lio, Kydi», MyrU Wonbo, Spwulitioo, how.T.r, M. amongit them, ft tain Cook, who onoe did a good thing, sad w rnakfl a resurreotion for the ocoaeion. , The Hamilton Club have received v«T,f2 acceptances for the. two principal hanaito their meeting, nineteen, having decIswd vOD for the Open, and twenty-six for the Rscug „ Handiosp. Those engaged, however,, we » lojai horses, of which only two or three Qi» shown up in Metropolitan company. the meeting been fixed for a moreopporhuie this might have been otherwise, and it ». hoped that next year the spoig peep" Hamilton will see the advisability of grttoriog on . drf. w. bw. Witt not d»b W other important meeting. „ CLOUBUU Hiirwo . mu. .trine Yuille after the Springy MeeUog. lg consists of Caiaba, Newbold. hu bW1 and the brood mare Deceptive. CaW "1 more than an average performs ifi -jj mte tralie, and Newbold hasrun suffiojently weU _ a useful maiden in India or blood was a very fast mare in her day, Bfr/>nld in her veins is of the premier qualify be an acquisition to any stad. > H,_j Wrtfllf The compiler of the "VjctoriM wishes it known that as he u. ?n%x7 0exf s' fourth volume out as esrly m possible, he will be . Dedigrflefl will returns at onoe. Tabaisted more than ever a feature j te hate 1 principal breeders having arrajmsd mares put in in this formed the "sucha wog. as breeders at last see h pon jhod is to the»r interest, diloj to ospfi!0' see that they are entefor m BngUod wolUd folio to«» iiom' ,tu5Purp«w«oyylr't or piiwostinc a fasufr Settling Days over the Meeting —The joommittee of nfi. cut. have decided that Thursdav fS.shaUbe the " comparing day" Derby, that Monday, 3rd of Sr & settling day fpr the Derby and fjf1 !n the Satorday, and also betheoom , .ue Melbourne Uup, aed that ?<h November, shall be the day for remainder of the meeting. 