TOPICS OF THE DAY An assay by Mr. James of 20 ounces of quartz from the Eleanor Claims, Pine Creek, has gives a result equal to 20 ounces of gold to the ton. The stone, before being tested, showed scarcely a spec of gold visible. We hear that on Monday and Tuesday mornings the frosts were so sharp in the hills that in the neighborhood of "Aldgate Pump" and Echunga ice an inch in thickness was found. The white frost remained on the grass in some places after 10 o'clock in the day. On Wednesday Mr. C. J. Coates re- ceived a telegram from Mr. J. D. Commings?, at Port Darwin, purser of the Havilah and Larra- keeyah Gold Mining Companies, stating that the Monkchester had arrived with the passen- gers all well, and had landed 15 horses. Mr. Krichauff, M.P., has received a letter Mr. Ernest Giles, the ex[plorer dated Peake Station, July 5, from whick we make the following extract:—"With regard to my affairs, I have now got everything in excel- lent order. I have a party of four whites, 25 horses, and provisions for a year, and all the other details of my equipment are first- rate. I have had a good many delays, but I am off at last to-morrow morning." We have been informed that a new discovery of gold has been made in the Tiers, about two and a half miles from the Onka- paringa Bridge, and near the old road between Crafers and the Wheatsheaf. A very good prospect was obtained from some quartz which was roughly crushed with a hammer, and washed. Several reef claims have been pegged out, and one party at least is sinking a shaft through very premising looking ground, with the view of cutting the reef. The following is Wednesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar- win telegraph line: —Beltana, S., fresh, fine, dear; Strangways Springs, calm, fine, cold, dear; Peake, calm, cloudy; Charlotte Waters, S., light, overcast, cold ; Alice Springs, calm, cloudy, dull, rain 0.005; Barrow Creek, S.E., light, cloudy, like rain; Tennant Creek, E., strong, fine, cloudy, cold; Powell Creek, E., fresh, clear, fine; Daly Waters, calm, dear, cool, fine; Katherine, calm, fine, hazy ; Yam Creek, S., very light, fine; Port Darwin, S.S.E., very light, fine, cool. We have heard a report, on what is believed to be reliable authority, to the effect that the party connected with Mr. Scrutton in boring for petroleum, near the Coorong, have cut coal Mr. Scrutton was out of town on Wednes- day, but on his return we hope to hear something more definite. The information came in a tele- gram to a mercantile house in the city, and stated that a seam of coal, eighteen inches thick, had been cut at a depth of fifty feet. The discovery of a good coal-field would prove of more importance to the future of the colony than any gold diggings could be, and, therefore, we hope the rumor may receive confirmation. Mr. Wm. Villeneuve Smith, barrister of the Middle Temple, London, and of the Supreme Courts of Victoria, and New Zealand. applied, by Mr. Stow, Q.C., to the Full Court on Wednesday morning for admission as a practitioner of the Supreme Court of this colony. In an affidavit Mr. Smith stated that it was his intention, at once to pro- ceed to Palmerston, in the Northern Terri- tory. Although the rules of the Court had not been complied with through insufficiency of time, it was decided to admit Mr. Smith, and an arrangement was made for his taking the cus- tomary oaths before the Primary Judge on Friday next, provided, however, a caveat against his admission was not in the meantime entered by the Examiners, who it was understood would meet to consider the application. We believe that the Examiners have decided not to enter a caveat. We understand that the works at the Kangaroo Reef, in the Echunga district, are progressing very satisfactorily. The new ma- nager, Mr. Schroder, has effected several im- provements, and everything now presents an appearance of stability. The underlay shaft is rendered secure, and the timbering of the downright shaft is being carried on in a most substantial manner, so that when necessary it may be used as an engine shaft. From the un- derlay shaft drives have been made both north and south on the course of the reef, which is found to hold good, and the work of stoping has been commenced in order, to raise sufficient quartz for a trial crushing, which is to take place in a few days. When the timbering of the down- right shaft is completed to its entire depth (nearly 50 feet), the work will be carried on much more rapidly than hitherto. Several tons of quartz are now at grass, and amongst them many good specimens of gold may be seen. In fast, with the aid of a glass, gold is to be found in almost every stone that is raised. The Adelaide Excelsior Band of Hope, having withdrawn from the Norwood Excelsior Temperance Society, gave their first entertain- ment since in Pulteney-street Schoolroom, on Tuesday evening, consisting of readings, recita- tions, singing, and music, by members of the Society, to the delight of the audience, the room being nearly fall. Several encores were called but could not be complied with, on ac- count of the lengthy programme. The President stated during the evening that, at the request of the members of the Society, he occupied his position until a more able person was found to fill that office. He had purchased of the Com- mittee of the Norwood Excelsior Temperance Society drums, banners, &c.;, to the value, at cost price, of £8 10s., and given to the Society the balance of £11 18s., owing to him by the Committee. He intended to teach a number of lads music, free of charge, to form a band for the Adelaide Excelsior Band of Hope. He hoped they were on the eve of having a Temperance Hall built in South Adelaide by the different branches of the temperance cause amalgamating together and taking shares in the enterprise. Their Society, would help to do it. They now numbered 360 members. A vote of thanks was then passed to those who had taken part in the entertainment, and the meeting closed with the farce of the "Ghost in the Pawnshop." Some few days ago we received a com- munication from a gentleman of character, giving a case of cruelty inflicted by a mother on her son, sack as we never before read of. The letter of our correspondent says that this woman is well known in Kensington ; that for a long time she has been in the habit of using the most disgusting cruelty to her son ; that a short time ago the boy, who is guilty of reprehensible prac- tiees, was stripped by his mother and beaten so savagely that he was confined to his bed for a long while afterwards ; that, subsequently to this, the mother held the boy's band over kerosine lasop until the flesh was blackened and burnt to the bone, and that amputation of three of the fingers has been resorted to to prevent mortification. We confess that on receiving the letter our first feeling was one of incre- dulity. We could not conceive it possible that any woman in a Christian couutty should so cruelly treat her own child, and under the cir- cumstances we thought it best to take no notice of the communication. Confirmatory evidence, however, having reached us, we have no other option than to believe that the story in its main features is true. Our correspondent sent us the letter, and we publish the facts in the hope that this mother, learning that her conduct is known, "will have the sense, if she does not possess the good feeling, to see that even a mother's cruelties cannot be carried on with impunity." The case of surface quartz received by Gothenburg from the chains of the Golden Reef Gold Mining Company (limited) on Pine Creek, was handed to Mr. G. Francis for assay, the Directors first laying on one side a few of the best stones to be kept as specimens. The fol- lowing letter, addressed to the Secretary, Mr. C. J. Coates, has been received from Mr. Francis, showing result of assay:— "The 19 lbs. of stone you sent me, marked No. 1, for crushing and assay, give :— . ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ozs. dwts. grs. Rough gold on seive . ... ... ... ... ... 13 . .. 7 ... 18 Fine stuff turned off afterwards, but without amalgamation .. ... ... ... 30 . .. 6 ... 16 Total by mechanical process ... ... ... 43 ... 14 ... 14 Assay result of sample of the same fine stuff as that turned off, and after the separation of the rough gold, 50 ozs. 12 dwts. 6 grs. Judging by the color, I estimate the rough and tinned gold to run about 20½ carats fine. Now, as the return of gold by assay is necessary in fine or pure gold of 24 carats the results of the whole contents of the stone will be— In 24 carat gold. Ozs. — 13.7.18 rough= Ozs.— 11.14.7 fine.lLM.7 fine. Assay result . ... ... ... ... ... 50.12.6 do. Total in 24 carat gold ... ... ...62.6.13 do. In 20½ carat gold. Ozs. — 50.12.6 fine = . Ozs. 58.7.6 20½ carats. Rough .. ... ... ... ... ... ... 13.7.18 Total in 20½ carat gold . ...71.15.0 The value will be about £264 per ton. I will wash cut the rest of the stone after I have completed some assays that are wanted." The remains of the late Father Hin- terocker, S.J., having arrived from Tasmania by the Camilla, were on Wednesday afternoon, July 23, brought to Adelaide by the 3.10 H> train from the Port. The coffin was received at the goods sheds by the Administrator of the Diocese Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds, the Very Revs. F. Byrne, P. Corcoran, C. McCloskey, T. Bongaerts, C. Van der Heyden. and J. Tappioner?, S.J., and Messes. C. J. Fox, W. W. Hewitt, and others, and having been uncased it was transferred to a hearse in waiting. A public invitation to join the procession to St. Ignatius Church, Norwood—where the remains are to be deposited—had been given to persons who wished to pay a last tribute of respect to the rev. gentleman's memory. About half- past 3 o'clock the cortege was formed. A large number of children from the Catholic Schools preceded the hearse—which was drawn by four horses richly caparisoned-and following it were two mourning coaches, containing the clergy, and about 30 private vehicles. The procession slowly wended its way along North- terrace, King William and Rundle streets, and through Kent Town, arriving at the church at about 5 o'clock, where it was met by the Rev. M. Hager. The coffin having been placed on a catafalque in the church, vespers for the dead were sung by the clergy in the presence of a large congregation, after which the solemn pro- ceedings, which are but preliminary to the funeral, which takes place to day, terminated. At the Adelaide Railway Station, and in the streets— where many shops were partially closed— and along the whole line en route, a large concourse of people assembled to see the precession. The Requiem Mass for the repose of the soul of the late rev. gentleman will be celebrated at 10 o'clock this morning at St. Ignatius Church, after which the remains will be interred in the vault prepared for their re- ception there. — — — => Mr. J. H. Parr desires to call special attention to his Sale at 2 o'clock To-day,at the John Bull Yards, of 10 superior Rrood (sic) Mares and the Entire Black Prince. 