A SPKCTItAL SMALL BOY. (3>io Vörie Times. Tu AT (lie small boy is a burden far more oppressive to tho quietly-disposed public than any quantity of Scriptural grasshoppers possibly could be is a proposition that few will have (ho ill breeding to dispute. Still, Nature has heretofore placed limits to thc small hoy's destructive career. He is either drowned by boating on Sunday, or dies in consequence of nu abnormal fondness for study and the Sunday-school, or clso he sheds his boyhood with his jacket and knickerbockers, and becomes that losser evil, .1 noisy or even a humorous young man. Such, until lately, has been the uniform course of Nature so far as tho small boy is concerned, but it is with pain that wc are compelled to admit that Nature has now capriciously departed from her immemorial custom. Formerly it was safe to consider that tho drowned or otherwise climated boy had ceased from troubling*.? oity, and had for ever rested from' iîis unde- sirable labour. Alas ! the citizens of the quiet New Kngland village of Newbury- port know only too well that death is no longer n barrier to the small boy's power to plague, or to his ability to avenge his fancied wrongs. In proof whereof it ia only necessary to repeat the story of the spectral small boy of Newburyport. The ancient schoolhouse ofthat villagej where scores of youthful YnnltceB bare struggled willi the spelling-book, and been grounded in grammar by the aid of the teacher's angular and convincing ruler, is now haunted by a supernatural small boy, who flattens his ghostly nose at available windows, and thrustB his spectral bead through vacant stove-pipe holes. The I schoolmistress, her curls trembling with righteous wrath, and her ruler rekSy to to reprove the trespasser, has rffraued him in vain. Just as her hand has descended to cl ul eli his jacket-collar, ho has suddenly vanisher], and left bis bewildered pursuer with her weapon uselessly poised or descending objectless through tho unresisting nir. When windows have been darkened, and stove- pipe holes closed, he has still lurked in the passage ways, and amused himself iu mysterious diversions with a particular noisy hammer in tho school-bouse garret. The prosaic Selectmen of New- buryport sneered at the theory that this apparition was that of a juvenile ghost. None but s flesh-and-biood small boy, perverse in bis instincts, and void of nil understanding of the catechism, could, in their opinion, peer in at windows, or beat demoniacal tattoos with invisible hammers. They there- fore arrested a casual small boy, and ordered bim to confess that he WÛB the so-called supernatural culprit, under pain of prolonged imprisonment. With the perversity of hiß kind this small boy immediately made the desired confession, but as tho ghostly Paul Pry of the school-house continued his unwelcome visits, even while the Selectmen were hurling texts from the comminatory Psalms at their youthful prisoner, the confession of the latter was credited by no one, and the supernatural character of the school-house ghost remained un- impeached. In t!ie novel of " Henry Esmond','1 Mr. Tilomas Tusher is represented as remarking, as to his father's house, that " it was endeared to him by many precious recollections." " Esmond re- membered," sarcastically adda the author, "how Tom's father used to flog him there." Similarly, we may imagine, that tho Newburyport school-house is en- deared to its spectral visitor by the precious recollection of the floggings which he there underwent during his ' early boyhood. If bis course is to be taken ns a precedent by other departed small boys, there will be an immediata end to the common-school system, which is thc boast of this country. Our school- houses will swarm with immature ghosts revisiting the glimpses of the rod, and no teachor can bo procured who will undertake to keep his living scholars in order, and at the same time pursue ghostly Bmall boys with unavailing clubs. Even if the Newburyport ghost is not the forerunner of so extensive an evil, ho is a proof that the small boy does not necessarily become innocuous ot the touch of death. Terrible as tho truth - may be, we are now compelled to believe that be can make thc silent tomb riotous with the drums and whistles of living boyhood, aud that sot free from all fear of rod or rule, he can make the school- house the perpetual scene of a ceaseless witches' sabbath.. 