The Bxli, at Beechworth oh Friday. — We need hardly again call the attention of our readers to this hall, to beheld at the Odd fellows' Hall, Lock-street, on Friday evening next, in aid of the building fund of the St. Joseph's new handsome, brick, school, now in course of erection, but greatly in need of pecuniary aid. The preparations aro of the most extensive and complete sort, and the " creature comforts" will be provided on a scale to satisfy the most eager gourmand. There will be first-class music, and a pleasant and merry company. The proceedings will bo conducted by efficient masters of the ceremonies, and the other necessary ar rangements will also he most carefully provided for. There is a next-day addi- tion to this ball, which is a good, and will no doubt prove a most pleasant innovation. On these occasions there are always large quantities of first- class food of tho best and most varied kinds " left over," much, not having been even touched. It is proposed on this occasion, to have a gathering of children at the Hall, on Saturday, at one o'clock, to enjoy a choice repast, and we suppose, subsequently, to enjoy some games together for a time. The invitation has nothing to do with church or creed. All children who attend will be heartily and cor dially welcomed, and " no questions asked;" and really after all, the religious differences of parents cannot much affect the appetites of the youngsters. We trust that both the ball aud the juvenile banquet will be thoroughly successful. Beechworth Police Court. — Messrs. F. Brown and G. Graham, J.P.'s, presided at the ordinary sitting of this court yesterday. There ivero only two debt cases on the list. One fiad been settled out of court; and in the other— Hamilton against Strain, a claim for £14 9s — there being no appearance of the de fendant, and the liability having been proved, an order was made for the amount with 5s costs. Window Breaking Extraordinary. — The following mysterious outrage is detailed by the BaUarat Courier of yesterday (Monday) morn ing. Can the spirits have a down on poor Mrs Penhalluriack, or is the deed recorded that of some murderous coward ? Time will show. The following are the facts as re corded by our contemporary ; and they are if not exaggerated, most extraordinary ones : — " About seven or eight o'clock on Satur day evening a butcher named Penhalluriack, residing in King street, Melbourne road, went to the eastern station and informed Sergeant Larner that all the windows in his house were being smashed by some mysterious agency ; that up to that time twenty three panes had been broken, and although himself and many of his neighbors had been on the watch, they had been unable to discover the perpetrator of the outrage. What made the occurrence more alarming was that his wife lay ill in bed, having been confined only a day or two since. Constable Smith was immediately dispatched to the house, where he found matters as des cribed by Penhalluriack. The windows were partly boarded up, and blankets hnng in front of them ; but, strnnge to say, even while Smith was in the house, two or three panes were broken. When be went into the front room a pane was broken at the back ; when he went to the back another pane was smashed iu the front window. The affair caused a good deal of sensation in the neighborhood, and crowds of people surrounded the premises— everybody being on the alert, but nobody able to detect the agency by which the windows were broken before their eyes. Of course, there was talk of spirits, ghosts, and other nonsense ; but our reporter, on visiting the place last night with Scrceant Larner, became convinced that the dastardly outrage was the work of some mali cious wretch, who seems to have a design upon the life of the poor woman lying help lessly ill in bed. Dr Dimock, who has been attending Mrs Penhalluriack, states that some thing serious, if not fatal, may follow upon the shock to his patient caused by the atrocity- One or two panes were broken yesterday whilst Dr Dimock was in the house, but strange to say, not a pane was cracked in the window of the bedroom where Mrs Penhal luriack is lying. Several stones were found in the house, and these appear to have come from the outside, but there is a very strong theory that come of the panes must have been broken fcoui the inside. The hack yard is close fenced alt round, and a low verandah shades the two back windows, in addition to which blanketing was hung upon the verandah iu such a way as to make it next to impossible that a stone could reach the windows from the outside ; yet several of the' top panes were broken after these pre cautions had been taken, and one of these panes was certainly struck on the inside as the glass is bulging outwards round the small bole made by a pebble. The only persons who were in the house whilst most of the smashing was going on were Mrs Thomas the nurse, and a servant girl named i-ercuone Houva The former was in close attendance eu her patient ; but the latter, a young woman of about twenty, was doing the household work, and states that she had several narrow escapes of being struck by the stones, some «t which came bouncing into the room just as o»« "o< ih"Th ca being picked up were warm, as though thev had been corned in some persuu o — Mr Penhalluriack states that he is not on very friendly terms with a neighbor named Ran- Some, \vho strange to say, gave a woman named Margaret Clarke into custody on Satur day for wilfully bieaking one of his windows. Jtonsome strongly denies haying anything to do with the outrage at Penhallunack s, but BO doubt the police authorities wi l find Weans of solving the mystery in a day or two When the offender should meet with the Eeverest punishment provided by law. "There is Method is his Madness."— We have seen, from the brush of tlie gentleman were then informed that it was „ ans the best of his productions. He evi dently has studied both portrait paing.and also that great essential of all g0 f also « One of the curiosities of RoVxavv. Heisnot verymad oMj j- SKSLT® that lie has lygWJft m35onry into a science : and arebg devoted to 'Greek allegoij. walls of Bkifi with the brush. mid cartoons ko, boweycr, find the art s visitors thc big than his works, brom . . small neatly written on tt lab a"£Sd through heard expounded the Eustoman _ - love Oriental and Greek which effects devoted expressly totbat chan y sniaUest greatest fhox, . BU" : in the Yarra Bend wll take Greek something more may come Qf m;3. allegory than the poor fellow s 21p. . cellupeous silver coins.' ... ; 