T H E CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. " Lady Audlty's Secret," '.'Aurora Floyd,' <fc., rfc., <tc. CHAPTER XXII. MOTHER AND SON. BV THE AJDTBOK OF BEING left alone with the young- highwayman, she lay perfectly still for 6ome moments looking—all, Heaven only knows with what vague maternal love and yearning !—at the sharp profile of that young face, worn thin by many a midnight brawl and revel, until at last the restlessgentletnan fairly lost patience. " I don't suppose you sent for me for the pleasure ,uf istai-ing'at' me ma'rm," he said. " I'm no ill-looking fellow, perhaps; hut I'm not like the-waxen images in Westminster Abbey, only to be looked nt. It's getting late, and I've bad a weary day.of it," he added with a yawn : " have you nothing to say to me ?" " I have heard 'ill bfewfi tb-night," Sarah said slowly; " sorrowful news of an only child thaV I thought was dead and gone." *., Captain Fanny made no reply. ""He thought the speaker's wits were bewildered, and that it was best to let her have her say without making any attempt to question or contradict her. But the next words she uttered brought the blood to his face and set his heart (which was not that of a coward) beating at a gallop. " There has been one here to night who has told me who and whut you are. Whe and what he was ! This sick woman, in this lonely wayside inn, in a quiet Cumbrian village, where he thought himself safe in playing the baronet and fine gentleman—safe in hiding from the justice , that was rarely off his track—this feeble woman knew him and might denounce him. From his very boyhood bis life had been a game of fast and loose with the gallows, and after those few brief heart-beats of surprise he recovered himself and was able to make light of the danger. " You know me ?" " Yes you ate a highwayman, and they call you Captain Fanny." Qe clutched her wrist in his thin nervous hand. " You'll not peach upon me She shook her head, looking at him with a mournful smile. " Of all the creatures on this wide earth," she said, " I should be the last to.do that." "Not'that it would "so 'much matter," he muttered, speaking not to Sarah, but to bimrelf. A few mouths—may be a few weeks— more or less. It wouldn't matter, if it wasn't for Jack Ketch. I'd rather make an end of it quietly, without the help of a hangman." " Henry Masterson," said the sick woman, " tell me where and bow your life has been spent." She called the young highwayman by a same which he had not heard for seventeen years, and the faint hectic flush faded away from bis hollow cheeks, leaving them white as the coverlet upon Sarah's bed. " You wonder that I know your name," said Mrs Pecker ; " but, O, my boy, the wonder was that when I saw yon this Christmas lately past, I did not guess the reason of my trouble at the sight of you. .As if there could be but one reason for that trouble! As if there could be more than one face in all the world to set my heart a-beating as it beat that night! ' As if I could feel what I felt then at the sight of any face but one, and that one that was a baby's face four-andtwenty years ago, and looked up at me out of my own baby's cradle." The young man drew his breath in short fierce-gasps, and turning suddenly upon Sarah, spoke to her in -a thick husky voice. " What do you mean ?'' be said ; " what do you tnean ? I have beard my father say that I was born in Cumberland, and that he deserted my mother, carrying me away with him when I was but a child in arms. What is it you mean by this wild talk ?" The Bible, which Sarah had -kissed a short time before, lay open on the table by the bedside. She stretched out her hand and laid it upon the page, as she said solemnly— " I mean, Henry Ma^tenon, that I was the wretched, wife and mother whom that bad man deserted,' and ' that you are my only child." The' young man dropped liis head upon the coverlet and sobbed aloud, his mother weeping over him and caressing bim all the while with unspeakable teoderoesfei'f "-"' - " My boy! my boy !" -she-cried; they tojdjmp the.trntbf. - Is it true:—r " That l am a thief apd. a highwayman ? Yes. mother; and that I have never been honest since my .babyhood, or lived with booest people since I can remember. My father cuffed me and beat me, Bnd half-starved me and neglected me, and left me for days and days together in spine wretched - den, while he sought his own 1' fortune, and well nigh forgot that .sucha, .creature as his eon lived upon the earth ;.bnthe did not forgetto teach me to steal, and-I <was quick to learn mv lesson. I ranaway from him when I was ten years old,'" arid livejl with 'gipsies, and tramps, • and thieves and Vagabonds and beggars, till J-Wfls-oleverer at -all their wicked businesses than- those, that were-three times my age, and they'made much of me and pampered me.for my. pretty looks and my cleverness,' till I- Ieft tbem for a higher way of life, and fell jn with a man who was my master first and my servant afterwards; but who from first tolaBt, was the one to stifle every whisper of conscience and to laugh at any hope I ever had of being a better man. The history of mv life would fill twenty volumes, mother, but yon .wight read the tnoraliof it in -three lines.. Its been a straight race for-the: gallows from the beginning' to He bad.lifted bis head to say all this*. Tbe .tears he had shed were already, half dried by the fever of busfiuijied. cheeks, and his «yes glittered with a burning light. "Ten me. tny toy," said she clinging fondly about tbisaew-found son, ',tell me, is there any danger—any 4«ng»M«f your life ?" He ehook'hiBTOtfd mbOrnfuily. "IVefneror^ cared inuoh bow or when J. t," 'he answered, "Tve well nigh ' abouts just yet a while. But if I can only cheat tbe gallows tor two mouths longer, Master Jack Ketch will be cozened for his dues." " As how, my darling ?" " Because a learned physician in London told me,a couple of weeks ago, after sounding my chest ana knocking me about till I was fairly out of patience, that my lungs are for the most part gone, and that I have not three months to live." Sarah looked in bis face ; and in the hollow wasted cheeks, the parched lips, burnt pale with fever, tbe glassy lustre of the great black eyes, the pinched and sharpened aspect ot every feature, she saw the signs and tokens from which it needed no physician's skill to read the dismal verdict—Death. CHAPTER XXIII. THE FINDING OF TBE BODY. THE body of George Duke was lound. Nigh upon two months had passed since that January night on which Millieent Uuka rushed halt distraught into the ball at the Black Bear to tell her horrible 6tory; for nigh upon two the unhappy lady had languished in Carlisle Gaol, waiting the' spring assizes, and the assembling of those grave andiearued gentlemen,- and those wise and honorable. jurymen, who were to decide whether that feeble hand had been lifted to destroy the life of a fellow creature. The Captain's body was found in a dismal pond behind the stables at Couipton Hall. How the hiding-place had come to be overlooked io that general search which had been made immediately after the murder, no one was able to say. Every man who had assisted in that search declared emphatically that he bad looked everywhere; and yet it seemed clear enough that no one hod looked here; for, as the end of March drew nigh, and the inhabitants of Compton were busy talking of Mrs Duke's approaching trial, the draughthorses on the Compton Hall farm refused to drink the stagnant water of this pool, and a vile miasma rising from its shallow bosom set the slow brains of tbe farm-labourers at work to discover the cause of the mischief. A dismal horror was brought to the light of day by this search. The body of a man, rotted out of all semblance to humanity, was found lying at the'bottom of that stagnant pool, as it had doubtless lain ever since that night in January when the falling snow blotted out the traces of the murderer's feet, and fell like a sheltering curtain upon the footsteps of crime. The stable-yard lay behind the prim flowerbeds and straight walks of the little pleasuregarden below the garden chamber in which George Duke had been murdered. Between the stable-yard and this neglected floiver garden there was no barrier but a quickset hedge and a little wicket-gatfl. From this gate to the pond behind the stables the distance was about thirty yards. It was a likely enough place, therefore, for the murderer to choose for the concealment of his victim; but whoever had dragged the body of George Duke from the garden chamber to this pool, must have had another task to perform before his hideous work was done. Every piece of water in Compton had been frozen over on that January night; so the murderer must have broken a hole in the ice before throwing the body into the pond; and this hole being frozen over tbe next morning by daybreak, and the pond, moreover, being thickly covered with a bed of snow, it was scarcely so 6trange that those who searched for the body should have oterlooked this hiding-place. The remains were carried into one of the empty chambers in Couipton Hall, and a coroner's inquest was there held upon them. Tbe particulars of the murder were already so well known to all present that there was no need to recapitulate them. So there was little evidence to be heard, except such brief statements as were made by the farm-laborers relative to the finding of the body. . No one seemed tor an instant to entertain a doubt that this was the body of George Duke, although there was little enough about these decomposed remains by which to prove identity. The few rotting rags of clothing still hanging about tbecoipse consisted only of the shreds ot a shirt, breeches, and stocking. There was no trace of tbe shabby coat with the naval buttons, the three-cornered hat, waistcoat, and boots which the Captain had worn on the night of bis return to Compton. Yet these things had disappeared at the time of the murder. The coroner's jury took no pains to unravel this branch of the dismal mystery. Neither did they puzzle themselves by attempting to understand how feeble Millieent Duke could have contrived to drag tbe body of a strong man from tbe garden chamber to tbe pond behind tbe Stables. Justice in those days did her work briefly enough. The coroner's jury pronounced a verdict to tbe effect that a body >—supposed to be tbe missing body of George "Duke—bad been found in a pond on the premises belonging to Compton Hall. Two months Jia3 .'passed since . Millicent's examination before Mr Justice Bowers, and' nothing had. been seen of Darrell Markham. Brief letters came" now and then for Sarah' Packer, telling ber how tbe young man was hard at work for tbe good of-his cousin ; but each of these-letters was less hopeful than the last, and Sarah began to despair ot' any help from that quarter for tbe haplesB prisoner languishing in Carlisle gaol. Sarah liad - travelled to tbat city several times to see ber old master's daughter, and on every occasion bad found Mrs Duke equally calm and resigned. She was pale and thin and faded, it is true, but less altered than Sally bad thought to find ber by this long imprisonment.: Once, .««nd once onlv, Millieent uttered some words that struck a shivering horror to die very heart of tbe listener. It was i towards the close of her dreary incarceration that Mrs Duke thus terrified her honest- bearted friend. Sarah had been reading Darrell's last letter—in which, though evidently wrestling hard with despair, he promised that he would labour to the very death- Jo clear his cousin's name—when Millieent began wringing her hands and crying mournfully.: " Why does Darrell take this, trouble for me ? Let the worst that can befall me; lam prepared to sutler my fate with patience. And afteriall,-'Sarab»—after all, who can telldiat I< jHn"really guiltless of George Duke's blood ?" ^kftirMiilioentl—MisrtlilUSBStl" i upon being distraught that cruel night -on which my husband came home. The magistrate asked me what I was doing in all those hours that I was alone in my room, and I could not tell bim. My mind was distraught,' and I had no memory ot that time. Who knows if it may not be, as Mr Bowers thinks, that I killed George Duke in a paroxysm of madness? Heaven knows I was close enough to madness that night." Sarah Pecker fell upon her knees at the feet of Mrs Duke. . " O, Miss Millieent 1" she cried, " for pity's sake—for tbe sake of the merciful God who looks down upon you and sees your helpless-., ness, do not utter these horrible words. Do you know that to say in the court of justice one week hence what you have said to we this day, would be to doom yourself to certain death ? I know, Miss Millieent, that you are innocent, and you know it too. Never, never, never let that thought leave your brain; for when it does, you will be mad 1 Remember, whatever others may think of yon —however the wisest in the land may judge you—remember through all, and until death —if death must come—that you are innocent !" Sarah Pecker did not content herself with this adjuration, she waited upon the governor of the gaol, and being admitted to his presence, implored of him that he would place some kind and discreet woman in the cell with Mrs Duke as nurse or watcher, for that the poor lady was in danger of losing her wits from the effects of lonsr and solitary confinement. " I would ask leave to stay with lier myself, poor darling," Sarah said, " but that I have one lying ill at home whose days are well nigh numbered." Mrs Pecker spoke with a heartfelt energy that carried conviction with it; and although those were no great days for mercy, and tboupb the glorious fiction of tbe law which pretends to hold a maa innocent until tbe hour of his condemnation, was then little attended to, the governor acceded to Sarah's prayer, and a woman (lienelf doing penance for some petty offencc) was placed with Millieent to lighten the horrors of her cell. That modern saint and martjr, John Howard, had not yet sbed tbe light of bis noble intellect upon the darkness of the felon's gaol, and in those days a prison was indeed a den of wretchedness and despair, an earthly Inlerno, in which guilty creatures suffered tortures that may, perhaps, have been sometimes accepted by a merciful Heaven as an expiation of their crimes. Sarah had her hands full of trouble this melancholy spring. She had told so much of her son's story as she could safely venture to reveal to Samuel Pecker. She had informed that honest creature that the pedlar was (lie brother of Ler dead bnsband, Thomas Masterson, and had given hiuJ very little information about ber son's delwqutnc'es. She also told Mr Pecker that which is apt to soften the sternest of us towards the sinning—she told him that whatever Henry Masterson's failings might have been, he would soon be beyond the chance of making an earthly atonement for them, and before a Judge who is wiser, and vet more pitiful, than any justice of the peace in the county of Cumberland, or on the face of the wide earth. So, simple and soft-hearted Samuel Pecker opened his arm? to the dying son of the vagabond Thomas Masterson; and the worthy Thomas, having enjoyed a good night's rest and a hearty breakfast, strode away in (he dusky dawn of the February day ; after leaving behind him a message for Mrs Pecker, to tbe effect that he should return before the weekwas out to tetch that little matter they, had talked about. Betty delivered this message wilb laudable accuracy, and Mrs Pecker, fully undeistood tbat tbe little matter in question was tbe hundred pounds she had promised as the price of the pedlar's secret. She obtained the sum with little difficulty from her confiding husband, who went by coach to tbe market town one afternoon within the week, to draw the money from the bank. But it hap|)ened that on that very afternoon Thomas Msaterson, dressed in a new suit, bought by him out ofa handtul of ready cash obtained from Sarah on the nigbtiof their interview,swaggeied through the High Street of the same market town, and was betrayed into tbe natural weakness of putting his big hand into somebody else's pocket. Whether from long residence in a foreign land and want of practice in the art, I know not, but Thomas on tbat particular afternoon was so very far from up to the mark in bis performance, that he was caught in the act by bis intended victim, and delivered over to the constables, who banded him on to Carlisle gaol to await his trial at the ensuing assizes, with many other culprits ot the same calibre. This unfortunate circumstance of course hindered Mr Masterson from appearing to claim the reward promised by Sarah ; and the worthy woman, after living for several days and nights in perpetual dread of his arrival, began to hope that some happy chance bad befallen to send bim out ol her way. She bad enough to do in watching by the sick-bed of her son, who lay in a comfortable garret chamber under the gabled roof of the Black Bear, and whose whereabouts were known to none but his mother, Samuel Pecker, and the doctor who attended upon him. Tbe brilliant Sir Lovel Mortimer— tbe notorious Captain Fenny—could scarcely have had' a safer hiding-place than the garret chamber in this old inn. Bow Street had grown wwry of counting on the reward which was offered for his capture. His old comrades —fine fellows, of course, every one of them, but any one of whom might, in some unlucky moment, have taken it into his head to turn king's evidence—had entirely lost sight of him; and it seemed almost as if the highwayman had dropped out of the troubled sea of human life and crime, without leaving so much as a bubble to mark the spot where he had gone down. CHAPTER XXIV. TBS TKlAt OF MILLtCENT DUKE. DAHRELL MAB&HAM; had not been idle. The noble Scottish gentleman whom be served was ready to give him all help in his hour of need, and three days after the examination before Mr Montague Bowe's, the case of Millieent Duke was in the hands of tbe most distinguished criminal lawyers of the day. Busy Bow. Street runners—better known as Robin- redbreasts—had been placed upon the scent; but look which Way tbey would at the .case it bad an equally sinister aspect. ' ' Endeavours to throw lifcht upon the antecedents of George Duke resulted in the discovery'tbst tbe^aptainof'the Vulture had <w,sll dteerred«he'woret fate tbbt cojild befell him. Inquiries, which occupied much time and caused a great deal of trouble in the making, revealed the fact that the good ship Vulture h<id been seized and burnt by a vessel belonging to the French Government off the coast of Barbary; and that tbe captain, George Duke, together with his first mate, one Thomas Masterson, had been sent to the galleys by the same. French Government as slavers, pirates, and suspected assassins; from which dismal captivity they'had escaped in conjunction" upon the first of January last past. The attorney employed by Darrell Markham (or the preparation of his cousin's defence deemed it expedient to discover the whereabouts of this very Thomas Masterson, in the hope that some clue to the mystery might be extracted from this, the familiar companion of the murdered man. An advertisement, inserted several times in the London Gazette, resulted in a letter trom tbe governor of Carlisle gaol, containing tbe information that this man, Thomas Masterson, was confined in that prison tor some petty theft, awaiting bis trial at the 'same assizes which ivero to decide the fate of Mi's George Duke. One of tbe best men at the Old Bailey was retained for Millicent's defence by the solicitors intrusted with tbe case. Darrell Markham implored the worthy gentlemen to spare neither trouble nor money, in compassing the acquittal of his unhappy cousin; but the advocate shook his head over the contents of bis brief, and freely tuld Mr Markham tbat be saw but little hope iu the dreary business. So, on tbe eve of Millicent's trial, the northen mail carried Darrell Markham to the city of Carlisle, where he met Mr Pauncet, tbe solicitor, and Mr Horace Weldon, barristerat-law, who went circuit on borse back, according to tbe fashion of those days, and who waB quartered with his fraternity at the chief iqn. Darrell looked sadly at tbe great grim court-house, fpast which the coach carried him, remembering bow upon the te.rible morrow a delicate woman of seven-and-twenty years of age was to be within those walls charged with the crime of wilful murder. Tbe eve of the trial brought Sarah Pecker from the burl side of ber dying son. The poor woman came to Carlisle attended by Samuel, who was one of the witnesses for the C>Town, and whose brain was well- nigh turned by tbe responsibilities of his position. The colli March sunshine lighted up every corner of the crowded court when Millieent Duke was led to her place in the criminal dock to answer to tbe charge of murder. She bad been brought so low in health by her long imprisonment, that her custodians, out of pity tor her weak state, allowed her to sit throughout the proceedings. Fifty years after that day there were people living iu Carlisle who could tell of the pale golden head, lighted by the faint spring sunshine, and the delicate face, worn and wasted by trial and srffering, but very beautiful in its white tranquility. " Not guilty I" The clear and silver tones in which those two words were spoken penetrated to tbe farthest corner of the court. There was a general conviction amongst those present that this feeble woman had actually committed the horrible crime of which she bad been accused The belief in witchcraft bad not yet died out in that fat northern county. Who could say tbat this fair woman, sitting there in such almost superhuman tranquility, was not supported through her trial by tbe evil one liiin self? Her very youth and beauty were used to her prejudice by the simple north-country folk. Had not such as she been burned at the stake for offences very similar to tbe murder of George Duke ? and who but tbe devil or his imps could have given ber power to do the deed, and to carry tbe body of her liuBtiand down a flight of stone steps and over nigh upon forty yards of ground For it was a notable feature of this wise and popular belief that the more incredible—nay, impossible—was the crime supposed to have been Committed, tbe more determined people were in their conviction of the guilt of the accused. The evidence given by the witnesses for the prosecution was ranch the same as tbat already recited before Mr Montague Bowers. • Again Samuel Pecker became vague and obscure as to tbe identity of George Duke of the Vulture with that ghost, or shadow, which had appeared at three divers times to three separate individuals in the course of seven years. Tbe story of the ghost was listened to with breathless interest by the country folk; but there was nothing to be made of it tbat could throw any light upon the foul murder which had been done at Compton Hall. Samuel Pecker, under a rigorous examina- tion, faithfully narrated tbe first appearance of the shadow in the cold twilight of the October evening, and went on to tell how tbe same ghostly shade had been met three months afterwards on tbe pier at Mai ley Water by the prisoner at the bar, and bow the shadow bad again appeared upon the very night of the murder, bringing with it a horse of lean condition, but of actual flesh and blood ; which horse bad been afterwards fetched uway from the Black Bear by a morose stable-lad, who refused to tell whence or from whom he came, but who paid the money due for the animal's keep, mounted him, and rode uway. All this savoured so very strongly of the scarcely exploded belief, that it perhaps influenced tbe minds of the spectators rather against Millieent than in her iavor. There was witchoraft evidently at the root of the business, Nnd very likely this wicked enchantress with the yellow huir bad power to cause her victim to appear in two or three places at once for the furtherance of ber unholy ends. Now, while the facts recorded by Samuel Pecker produced tnis effect upon the more ignorant portion of the assembly, the more enlightened hearers were inclined to consider tbe whole story some contused creation emanating from the maze and tog of Samuel Pecker's intellect, just as vaporous shadows and will-o'-the-wisps arise from a low and marshy soil. Mr Weldon, tbe barrister retained for Millicent's defence, was entirely of this opinion, and had little hope in following up a thread which only led away from the business in hand. Had a doean ghosts of Captain George Duke appeared simultaneously in a dozen different places, tbe fact of their appearance could not have lessened that other fact of- the sailor's disappearance, tbe pool ot blood upon tbe floor of tbe garden chamber, and tbe terrible chain of circumstantial evidence which connected Millieent Duke with the foul deed that had -too -surely been done: It was bard for Darrell -.Markham to take Lis" place in the witness-box' and ansiver the. questions put to bim by 1 the counsel for the Crown, knowing full well that every word he I spoke went to condemn his unhappy cousin. When asked if he had ever seen the captain's double, he told of the enoounter upon Compton Moor, in which he had been robbed and wounded, and further related the story told by Ringwood Markham of the young squire's meeting with a man whom be mistook for George Duke in the house at Chelsea. Mrs MeggiB, the deaf housekeeper, Hugh Martin, tbe constable, Bnd Sarah Pecker were then examined, with the same result as on the former occasion; and the case .for the prosecution closed. A terribly strong case against the pale woman at the bar. A clock outside the court struck three as tbe counsel for the Crown sat down. More than halt the day bad been spent in the examination of those witnesses. After reading the deposition made by Millieent before Montague Bowers, the counsel for the detenoe summoned -the first of his wit- Tbe law, which even in those hard days— popularly known as tbe good old times, by the way—was supposed to regard an accused person as innocent until his or her guilt was duly established, did not afford the suspected individual much opportunity of proving that innocence. Tbe prisoner's counsel was not allowed to plead for his client. The counsel for tbe Crown might thunder forth what denunciations he pleased against tbe supposed criminal; a hanging judge might bully the jury into the finding of a fatal verdict; but the counsel of the accused had no chance of serving bis client save by the cross-examination of witnesses, and by hazarding an objection now and then to some unfair question upon the part of his opponent. Thus it was that the one strong point in favor of Millieent was insufficiently demonstrated to tbe jury who were to decide the awful question of her guilt or innocence. That one point was tbe physical weakness of the accused, and the improbability, if not impossibility, tbat such a woman could have carried tbe body of a stalwart strongly built man down a flight of stone steps, and across a space of forty yards, to a frozen pond, tbe ice upon the surface of which she must have broken before throwing the corpse of ber victim into the water. That even the unnatural strength of madness could have enabled the accused to do this unassisted was surely impossible ; but this impossibility the prisoner's counsel could only attempt to demonstrate in an indirect manner, by cross-examination of the witnesses who had found the body, and by the exhibition to tbe jury of a plan of the Compton Hall Nor was he able to raise a doubt which might have saved his client—a doubt as to whether a murder had actually been committed in tbe absence of all direct proof us to tbe identity of that disfigured corpse which had been found in the pond. What proof was there tbat. a murder had been committed ? And if a murder had been done, was it not more likely to have been the work of practised robbers and assossins, who had entered Compton Hall in search of the late squire's massive old plate; who had made their entrance by the garden chamber—so fatally easy of access —unaware ot tbe presence ot Captain Duke; and wbo, finding bim there, and alarmed by some sign of awakening on his part, had assassinated him thereupon ? Tbe fact that no property bad disappeared was proot tbat a robbery had not been perpetrated. What more likely than that the burglars were startled by the footsteps of Millieent in the corridor outside the garden chamber f But Mr Weldon was not allowed to set forth all these possibilities. The laws of a hundred years ago were hard and bitter laws; and if to-day society is apt to pamper the criminal, it has good need to atone for past cruelty. Who shall say that poor innocent Eliza Fenning might not have been saved from the gallows, if an eloquent counsel bad been permitted to plead her cause ? Tboiuas Masterson was the first witness called for the defence. It was no very easy matter to get the truth out ot this gentlemau: be fenced with the questions put to him in a manner which would have commanded coniiderable admiration at the Old Bailey ; but be had an Old Bailey practitioner to deal with, and he was made to declare how he and George Duke had contrived to escape together from the watchful guardians of the galleys. Every ear was listening to this man's words, every eye was fixed upon his face, as be told bis story, and every creature in that court recoiled with a thrill of borror at sight of a change which suddenly came over tbe aspect of the speaker's countenance^towards the end of his examination. In the very midst of a sentence Thomas Masterson stopped, and with ashen cheeks and dilated eyes stared across the beads of the lawyeis and tbe multitude at the doorway of tbe court, which was in an elevated situation, communicating by a flight of steps with the main body of the building A man who had just entered the court was standing at the top of these steps apart from all other spectators. He was speaking in a whisper to an official close to him—speaking as if he was charging the official with a message, and it seemed by the man's air that the intruder's tusiness was no common one. " Why do you pause, Thomas Masterson ?" asked the barrister. . Tbe witness slowly raised his hand, and pointed to the stranger at tbe top of the steps. " Because Cap-en George Duke has just come into the court," be answered, There was a simultaneous movement amongst tbe vast body of spectators, and a simultaneousl cry of astonishment broke from eveiy lip. Millieent Duke had been sitting quietly in tbe dock, with her head drooping forward, nnd her bauds loosely folded in her lap, throughout tbe whole length of the proceedings, very much as if she were an uninterested spectator, to whom Mm issue of tbat day's business mattered little; but as Thomas Masterson spoke'these words she lifted her bead, and looked in the direction to which tbe hand of the witness pointed. She looked full at the figure standing on tbe threshold of ..the door, and then uttered a feeble cry of horror. She did not tall into a swoon, but she sat as one transfixed, and, with ber blue eyes opened to their widest extent, stared aghast at the intruder, " Again," she murmured," again, again I" The official to whom the new comer had ~ been speaking made bis way tbrouph the crowd, and whispered some massage ii.to the ear of Millicent's counsel. , The barrister turned to the judge with a sudden gesture of surprise. \ " My lud," heaxclaimed; "convinoed BsI^i have nty^ff .feUof the innocenoe ot my «li«nt'! 1 must fraaly coDfeas that my list of witnesses fo; Jthe defence was apt, a stroflgjone; tprt I'l am now in a position to call a new witness—- I am now in a position to declare tbat no —murder * —has 1 been committed, : "- J —and J that " George Duke now stands in this court." "No, no, no!" It was from the lips of the prisoner that this' feeble murmur came; but at that moment every eye was fixed upon the brown-eyed, stranger in the shabby naval uniform, whoV v was now placed in the witness-box, Thomas Masterson giving away to the new comer. " Stop where you are, Mr Masterson," said Millicent's counsel; " we may want you Tbe mariner stepped a few paces from the witness-box, staring with a peculiarly puzzled expression nt the face of the new comer, and scratching his closely shorn head with a slow and reflective gesture. The new witness was dnlr . swornt after. some little'discussion as to whether bis evidence could be admitted in. the_poiirse of that trial. The judge could urge no precedent against such a propeeding.; for in no criminal . case that either experience or reading hsd made bim familiar with had the supposed viotim of a foul murder appeared to give bis evidence during the trial of his supposed assassin. It was altogether a business out of the ordinary line, and judge and king's counsel allowed Mr Weldon to have his own way. " May I ask, Captain George Duke," said tbe barrister, " for what reason you have been pleased to keep out of the way unul your wife was placed in a criminal dock under the charge of wilful murder ?" The dusk was gathering in the furthermost corners of tbe court, ana creeping tslbwly up towards the benches, the dock, and tbe witness-box, Two or three officials began to light tbe candles in tbe brass sconces; out tbe red sunlight had not yet faded out of the building, and the great windows glowed with the last glory of the day. In this half-light the man in the witnessbox looked round I he court, scanning the eager faces turned towards bim. But while making this deliberate survey, it was to be observed tbat he carefully avoided meeting the eyes of the accused—those widely opened blue eyes, which were .fixed as the eyes that gaze upon a ghost. " I stayed away," said 'the man, " because I got no pleasant welcome from my wife yonder. We quarrelled before I went to rest, and having drunk more than was good for me, and being disheartened by my uncivil ^ reception, I thought life was so little wortb having, that 1 made a gash in my own throat, thinking to finish with it. But though I let blood enough to cure twenty fever patients, I did no more harm to myself than was enough to bring me to a more reasonable way of thinking. So I stanched the wound by tying a thick woollen handkerchief about my throat, and walked straight out of the house, never meaning to set eyes on yonder lady again. I made a cut of nine miles across country, and contrived to meet the York mail. From York I went to London, where I've been staying ever since. Three days ago a chance paragraph in a newspaper informed me of tbe mischief caused by my absence. I lost no time in booking my place in tbe North coach, and bere I am to clear my wife yonder of the charge brought pgainst her." The man looked round defiantly as be finisbed bis . statement Millicent's counsel crsuhed the papers in his hand. There was no little sense of disappointment amongst tbe . unconcerned spectators. Tbe business bad come to a very shabby and commonplace termination, people thought, and Captain Duke ought to have been ashamed of bimseli for playing such tricks upon a British public. The counsel for the prosecution rose at this juncture. " My learned friend forgets, he said, " tbat tbe person stating bimself to be Captain Duke has been only recognised by one man, and that a witness for tbe defence. The gentlemen of the jury will require strouger proof of this person's identity before tbey admit that there has been no murder committed." " The gentlemen of tbe jury shall be satisfied," replied Millicent's counsel. " Call Samuel and Sarah Pecker, Darrell Markham, Martha Meggis, and Hugh Martin." The witnesses were called. " Be good enough Captain Duke, to step forward into the strongest light the court will afford," said the barrister. The man advanced into the full glare of tbe candles. He wore the very clothes be bad worn upon the night of his arrival at Compton ; tbe shabby blue- coat, adorned with naval buttons and shreds of tarnished gold lace, the jack-boots, tbe threadbare waistcoat, end the weatherbeaten three-cornered hat. He wore tbe chesnut wig, which bad replaced the captain's flowing curls, and his Drown eyes bad the same cruel light in them which every one could remember in tbe eyes of George Duke. One by one tbe witnesses swore to his identity. Hugb Martin, tbe constable, was tbe last to swear. " I knew Captain Duke well," be said "and I can take my oath the man at whom I am now looking is no other than be. If a better proof ot bis identity is needed, I think'I can give it." " Let tis have it, then, by all means," answered Millicent's counsel. The constable - took something from bis waistcoat-pocket- end handed it to the barrister. It was a naval button, witb a fragment of shabby blue cloth still fastened to the bank. " I picked tbat up in tbe. oak parlor at Compton Hall on the night of the supposed murder," said Hugb; "Bnd it strikes me that you'll find it to correspond with the' other buttons on tbat gentleman's coat." (To be concluded in our next.) ONE of the writers in the Australasian of Saturday last, states that " a piece of land-in Collins-street, near the- National Bank, end lately used as a china-shop, was .offered, for sale a few da^sago. For it £300 per foot was. offered, but it was bought in, tberesenre prioe being £370. This land I believe, was pnrohaied by iu present owners at £180 per loot less than four years ago. This is quite asprofitabli a business as ^weeping crossing, or abate jqbr. bing. But great as is this prioe, it is eclipsed by a figure which l am tola has been offered for some lend on tbe nortb side of Collinsstreet, between Quesn and, Elizabeth streets, For this property, witb good buildings thereon. I heir £600 per foot has been bid in vain, My informant tells me that this land' was or- r gMBlly bougbt et a Government splefpr about !' £60 peracre, 'KiuTwhen tbe "purchaser to)fl: j biB wife almt i^, she, denounce4;him ^s a fool for buyingland in aswamp. " 