HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, October 15. The Sfe&keb; took the Chair at 2 o clock. TELEGRAPHIC CHARGES. Mr. SOLOMON asked the Chief Secretary if he was aware that a charge of sixpence for horse-hire was made for telegrams delivered at North Ade- j iaide. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) I was very painfully aware of the fact. OntheEsti- ! mates there was a line down for the extension of the telegraph to North Adelaide, and also to Ken sington ana Norwood; and if that was voted all ground of complaint would cease. Mr. TOWNSEND did not see anything down for Mitcham. (A laugh.) TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY. Mr. WEST-ERSRINE asked if * any and how many offers had been made to the Government for the construction of the Transcontinental Railway. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said there had been one, and he thought two distinct offers made. There would be no objection to lay the papers on the table if moved for. THE IMMIGRATION LECTURERS HIP. Mr. WARD asked the Treasurer—" Did I, on the only occasion when I spoke to him on the suhject of the immigration lecturership, mention that the Attorney- General bad advised me to speak to him about it; and did I also say that I should not not make any application in the matter, but that I was willing to accept the position if it was offered to me." The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied *' When Mr. Ward called on me at the Treasury he said that the Attorney-General had suggested to him that if be wished for the appointment of Immigration Lecturer he had better see the Chief Secretary and myself on the suhject; and I recol lect Mr. Ward's saying that he should not send in any formal written application, but was willing to accept the position." THE SOUTH-EASTERN RAIWAY. Mr. BOOTHBY asked the Commissioner of Public Works "if any site has been fixed for the terminus of the South-Eastern Railway at Narra coorte " The' COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said—"The site originally fixedfand indicated on the deposited plans will be adhered to, viz, on the Narracoorte Creek, between the township or Kincraig and Narracoorte." LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. MOBTLOCK moved— "That a fortnight's leave of absence be granted to the hon. member for Encounter Bay (Mr. Rogers) on account of urgent private business." Carried. AMENDMENT OF THE WASTE LANDS ACT. Mr. WARD moved— " That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the following resolution—'That it is desirable to amend the Waste Lands Act of 1872, and te pro vide—1. That the upset price of country lands be fixed at £1 per acre. 2. That country lands be reserved from cash sale for a period of two years from the date of being first offered for selection and sale upon credit under agreements. 3\. That no country lands shall be sold at auction upon credit under agreements specified in Part 2 of the hereinbefore-mentioned Act, unless on condition of the purchaser paying at the time of sale, in ready money, a deposit of at least ten pounds per centum of the purchase-money, and in case of the failure of the purchaser to enter into such agreements the deposits shall be forfeited. 4\. That all payments in respect of country laudB selected after an Act embodying these amendments shall come into operation shall be accepted as on account of the purchase- money of such lands.'" He rose to move the motion under circumstances of peculiar difficulty. It not only seemed that a considerable number of members objected to discuss this question at the present time, but the Chief Secretary had been courteous enough to inform him that he considered it right to tell him that he intended to move the previous question on the original motion for going into Committee. It was very good of the Chief Secretary to tell him, so that he should not move the motion unawares; hut he ventured to say that the course which the Chief Secretary intended taking was the most extraordinary that ever a Government took to his recollection in that House, and it appeared to him that his single object was to avoid the distinct challenge which he had given him to record his vote on this question. He felt no doubt as he ought to feel that thequestiou was an inconvenient one for him, and it would be a rather singular position for him to be compelled to say he would not support this proposition, which he was dis tinctly pledged to do. The ODly course he could take was to ask theHouse to consider the resolutions in the ordinary motion for going into Committee. Another peculiar difficulty which he saw in intro ducing these resolutions was that although they had been on the Notice-paper some two or three months they had not been taken the slightest notice of by persons who ordinarily recognised the business in the Paper until Tuesday morning. They all knew that if public attention was directed through the medium of the Press to a question on the Paper it was a means of eliciting public opinion on the subject. He dare say he should be told that the public had not expressed any opinion on the resolutions; but the fact was the great majority of the public were not aware of them at all, and if they had been taken notice of in the Press, no doubt notice would have been taken. The Register the other day said they agreed with some of these resolutions most cordially, but that the public had not demanded them, and that that was a sufficient reason for the House not to entertain them; whilst another supposed organ of public opinion, the Advertiser, put it that the time was inopportune. If he had endeavoured to get rid of the objection of the public not having taken notice of the resolutions by himself asking per sons in various parts of the country to attend meetings, and explaining to them the amendments he proposed, and secured from them, as he might easily have done, a very considerable expression of public opinion in their favour, he should have been told that public opinion was fed by the nose, and was all the result of that man's agitation. (Mr. Townsend—"Hear, hear.") When he thought of all the objections which were urged to this question he was forced to the conclusion that whilst there were a good many members who, like the Trea surer—who had, he admitted, been a consistent opponent of this question from the very first—did not wish to see this land reform accomplished, there were also many of the worst of all enemies false friends—whose professions were not worth really the time they took to make. He did not wish to make personal remarks, but he had a right from the Chief Secretary's public action to draw fair deductions, and it was a positive fact that the Chief Secretary would not have beeu a member of that Assembly that day if he had not de liberately and distinctly pledged himself to carry out these resolutions of which he had given notice —(Mr. Townsend—"Hear, hear')—and he was forced to the conclusion that the fact that the Hon. Arthur Blyth, the member for Gumeracha, who gained bis position by pledges that he made, was tolerated for a moment in the position of Chief Secretary not by redeeming those pledges was an absolute premium for political dishonesty; and it was tantamount to saying that a man if he wanted to succeed in public life must say before his constituency one thiDg in order to gain his seat, and to please another constituency in that House, who it seemed necessary to please, must do some thing very different indeed. That was a poor encouragement to any man who entered public life and took a course which he believed to be just in order to secure the accomplishment of a reform which he believed to be necessary. He could see the Chief Secretary smiling at him in the security of his position. (The Chief Seoretary—" Oh, no.") Well, he was endea vouring to smile. He knew the Chief Secretary Tejoiced in the position he occupied; he supposed it gave a little power, and that he had a pride iu occupying it, and finding some little profit for it besides; and however ill-gotten and inglorious that profit might be, no doubt he was content to smile at him as being on the losing side. He knew he j had not a majority that day to carry these resolu tions. but he knew just as well that had the Chief Secretary, Attorney-General, and Commissioner of Public Works beeu true to their promises he would have had a majority. (Mr. Townsend—" Hear, hear.") He could prove it by referring to the Votes and Proceedings—one of the material ques tions which he had embodied in these resolutions "was only lost on a division by a majority of two. In the minority were the Hon. A. Blyth, Messrs. Alann and Bright. Since then they had in theHouse a new member, Mr. Rees. He had no personal knowledge of how he intended to vote on this occasion, but he knew he succeeded a gentleman whoEe name was not recorded on that divi sion, and the hon. member, according to the sentiments which he had seen attributed to him, sympathized with the liberal side of the question, and inasmuch as since be had been in the House he had observed the promises made on the hustings, be had a fair right to suppose he should have his support that day. If so. that would reduce the hostile majority last year from two to one. Then another new member, Mr. Laurie, he believed, sympathized with some of these resolutions. He was a representative of a constituency which was very anxious to accomplish some liberal reforms in the present system, and had been in a mild way holding some meetings on the question. In the division last year neither representative for the South-Eastern District voted, and if be waB correct in supposing he had the sympathy of Mr. Laurie, that would be another distinct vote gained. This being the case, it ! showed that if the majority of the present Ministry hsd stuck to their colours, they could have secured a majority for matters iu which they were in a minority last year, which cut the ground from the Chief Secretary's feet, if he said he was not going to support the resolution because be was not sure of a majority. But men who attached themselves to the carrying out of a public policy were not content with one defeat. (Hear, hear.) They knew that in all great questions men must be probabiy met by defeat for years, and must be content to remain in the minority—a position he knew the Chief Secretary did not like—but men who were proud of the fact would begin in the minority, and go on educating public opinion up to that point which would secure for them the majority. The Chief Secretary would have a better right to look back upon his political position with pride if instead of shifting from one side to the other — (Mr. Townsend—"Hear, hear")—in seeking to gain office he had stuck, even at the expense of the sacrifice of office, to those principles which a year ago enabled him to be in a position to gain office (Hear, hear.) Some . hon. member might attempt to make a point against him that he had abandoned in these resolutions one question to which he had hitherto committed himself — absolute personal residence —but however much he might prefer his own opinion to other people's as some people seemed to think, it was no use for any politician in the world to set his own individual power againBt the majority of the people. He might contend against a present majority in that House, but he could not contend against the recognised and pronounced 1 opinion of the majority of the country, and that was now unmistakably against personal residence, many, he was afraid, from personal interest. (Hear, hear.) A great many persons would not b"i able to take, advantage of the liberal land law if personal residence were insisted on who were {dad to do so when it was abolished. He might say something with regard to the Attorney-General, but he confessed he did not attach the same im portance to the action the Attorney-General had taken on this question as that token by the Chief Secretary. The Chief Secretary had been the leader in this matter; but how ever much the Attorney-General might have been inconsistent, he did not think that that amount of loyalty had heen shown him by his colleague as could have entitled him to follow in all things. It was well known that in the forma tion of the present Ministry the grand object of the Chief Secretary was to join Mr. Clyde, and so loDg as he gained the co-operation of the hon. member for Yatala. he did not care who his other colleagues were. In point of fact the Attorney General had not been selected by the Chief Secretory, hut by another member, in whose hands his selection was purposely left, and who hadfthe assistance of the Commissioner of Pablic Works. (Laughter.) However much the Attorney-General might feel being indebted to the patronage of the Commissioner of Public Works, it was nevertheless quite true that he had selected him- No person talked of loyalty to colleagues more frequently than the Chief Secretary, hut he had not been very loyal to the Attorney-General when he was quite ready to except him or any other legal gentleman. 60 long as he had Mr. Glyde in the position of Treasurer. They knew that ne bad not only gone to Mr. Boucaut, but offered him the Chief Secretaryship if be would join him; and in fact he had abandoned his principles on land reform, choosing rather to have Mr. Glyde without them than maintain them and lose Mr. Glyde and his personal influence in that House. When he was abandoned by those he had followed in this matter in the past, he thought that there was nothing for him to do but take the course which be had taken, and he promised the House that he would not desist from endeavouringto bring about the reform he sought, even if he were defeated, as he expected to be to-day. (Hear, hear.) It was not pleasant to state his case in the position in which he was placed with the thought before he concluded his speech that he was virtually beaten; but as he was so peculiarly situated he would promise hon. members that he would refrain from going into particulars, contenting himself with putting before them the principles which he wished to be enforced. He would commence by saying that it was no benefit to the country to promote the alienation of its land except you promoted at the same time the increase of its population. (Hear, hear.) And population bad not been increased 5 per cent, as the result of the amendments of the old land system. Had they kept pace with the other colonies in their land system they might have materially increased the population by attracting to South Australia hun dreds and thousands who were settled elsewhere. They would be met by the Treasurer and his fol lowers, who would say that their system had been a failure; but that was in consequence of the influ ence and action of those who were opposed to liberal land laws. We would have to march along side Victoria in the matter of land legislation. Until lately the area of land that could be selected was only 320 acres, but that had been changed to 640 as here, and the price was quite different from that which was charged here. And the person who took up land at £1 per acre would have 30 y ears to pay for it. He, in the first place, paid 6d. an acre for the land, and then went wherever he liked to obtain it, not having to wait for the sur veyors who followed him. Twelve payments were to be made, one every six months, of 6d. per acre; and the remaining 14s. he could either pay then or take seven years to pay it in. Mr. STEVENSON asked, on a point of order, if Mr. Ward was in order in going into the whole question at this stage. The SPEAKER said the hon. member, so far as he bad gone, had been in order; but he did not think that he would he in order further in going into the question of the nature of his resolutions before the House went into Committee. Mr. WARD said it was impossible that he could shew his reasons for the House going into Com mittee if not allowed to address himself to the resolutions. He was taken by surprise at the con duct of the Chief Secretary in trying to burke dis cussion by moving the previous question. There were two ways of moving the previous question— one, "Shall this question be entertained;" and the other. "Shall this question be put;" and he thought the Chief Secretary intended to choose the latter. The SPEAKER said a second form had existed, but bad only been used once, and had then been Mr. WARD—Had he simply bowed to the Speaker, and moved in that way as a matter of form his motion that the House go into Com mittee. the Chief Secretary would at once have moved that the House divide. A division would have been called for, and the discussion would have been burked. Therefore he felt obliged to take the course he new took. He hoped therefore that he would be allowed to go on. If hon. mem bers could not show that in alienating the land they were increasing population and providing for the raising of a revenue when there was no more land to sell, it was just as well that they should admit that at once. But it was because he was assured that even with our other advantages we could not compete successfully with those other countries which were bidding so much higher for the surplus population of the old world unless the alterations he had to point out were made, he con sidered that they should set about the work without delay. Those who advocated delay to have a proof of the working of the present law were no friends to the proper working of land laws here. Mr. Stow on a political platform some time ago had said that he would not pledge himself to these resolutions, but that he would be glad to consider any defects pointed out in the land system with a view to their redress. And he had said that he would support any scheme for doing away with any evil which was proved to him to exist in the Act. He would ask if it was not an evil that required a remedy that persons could go, and, not having suc ceeded iu taking up all the land they required, pro ceed to limited auction and run a would be pur chaser up to a price far higher than they ever intended to pay, and bo leave the land, not going forward to complete the selection, and going upon it afterwards at the original upset price, and thus defrauding the State of the diffe rence, (Hear, hear.) This he considered was one defect, which being pointed out should induce the House to go into Committee. (Hear, hear.) VVouId the Chief Secretary not go into Committee when that defect had been shown to exist, and it was one that could not be provided for by regulation, for no regulations that the Government could make would override the 18th clause of the Land Act, which was aB follows:—" If a person Bhall apply for more than one section, and shall be declared the purchaser of less than the number for which he applied, he may, by giving notice in to the Commissioner within two days from the date of such declaration, decline to become the purchaser of aDy such sections." He knew that last session the provisions he had read had been passed with the best motives, to enable persons who could not get as many sections as would be sufficient for bona fide farming purposes to refuse to accept any. But that had been misused by those who were acute enough, and in consequence the State was defrauded, as he had pointed out. He thought he had proved that a remedy was required in that part of the land system, and he would ask Mr. Stow to give him his support. The period during which land should be reserved from sale had been debated several times in the House, aud periods from three months to five years had been agreed upon. At length a compromise had been arrived at, and two years had been decided upon. On that point he considered the motion of Mr. Carr the other day in the HouBe, wh:ch the Ministry had not dared to challenge-, was sufficient justification of the resolution he now brought forward. It should not be left to those who from residence in a particular part of the colony and general knowledge of land were in a position to know the value of certain areas to move in the way Mr. Carr had done, but if he had not come forward as he bad done in that instance the land would have been saleable at an upset price of £1 per acre. And it might perhaps have been sold for cash. The Survey Office should not survey land as it had done without that land was likely to be immediately taken up for agricultural purposes. Be knew that a large Quantity bad now been sur veyed that would not be taken up now in conae quenceof being at a longdistance from the seaboard. The land would therefore lie, and a year or two would soon slip by, and it would then be in the power of any Conservative Commissioner of Crown Lands to have it sold at auction. This would be done on agrand scale if somebody did not come forward and move as Mr. Carr had done. (Hear, hear.) Land had been surveyed by the Survey Department which was said to be fit for agricultural purposes which had been found to lie scrubby and quite unfit. If the Survey Department was ready to do such things it was time that the House took the matter up; and he thought that that was another reason why the House should not now refuse to go into Committee. He hoped that on consideration the Chief Secretary would abandon the position he had taken up, and not insist upon the previous question being moved. (Hear, hear.) It would be unworthy of _ him to do so, especially as he held the views which were contained in the resolutions. He might say that he never intended to do aught ; but good for the country by the introduction of i his resolutions. He did not wish to displace the ! squatter frdm the land till he could be replaced by tboee who would till it and malje a better use of it, , and as the Act removed the pastoral tenant and ! did not put the farmer in his place on the land something should at once be done to effect a remedy and make the law workable. It was all very well to talk of postponing action, but he did not consider that that should be done, for great loss i w he the result of a postponement for another ' year. There was no doubt that the law as it stood was beneficial to the Treasfffer and his party, but j not to the farmer who wanted to go upon the land, -the. Treasurer had always been a consistent politician upon the land question. He had said, ' Let things he as they are; but if you must change let the change he as much in my favour as pos sible." He hoped that the powerful alliance of the two junior members for Gumeracha and Yatala— (the Treasurer—"Hear, hear")—would not prevent a proper land reform being carried into effect. He would leave the matter in the hands of the House, and trusted that members would see the importance of the questions involved, and go into Committee to consider them. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. B[yth) said his hon. colleague had established, he supposed to his own comfort, certainly not to anybody else's, two particular bogies. He was one and theRegutcr newspaper was another. The hon. member lost no opportunity of attacking one or the other, aud doing anything he could that would be inconve nient. unpleasant, or disagreeable. (Mr. Ward— "No.") The object of these resolutions was evi dently to give theGovemment the greatest possible annoyance. (Mr. Ward—"No.") The hon.mem let ^new that during the whole o! last session and tr,e session before be fought as hard as be posBibly could to get a good land law in the direction be believed to be right. The purest of .English politi- ■ cians, Lord Selborae, when be entertained strong views upon the disestablishment of the Irish Church, rerused the proudest gift which could be offered to a man in the mother-country. But when the law was passed he did not feel that he was obliged to rakeup the question again because he had been so strenuously opposed to it. That was the position he took in this case. He fought as strongly as he could to pass a liberal land law, and that law having been passed be did not feel called upon now to disturb it. He had adopted what the hon. memberwas pleased to call an extraordinary course, upon the simple ground that there was a time for all things. There was a time for dis cussing the land question, and there was a time when it was not desirable to discuss it. Any reasonable person except his hon. colleague would say before he wished to disturb the present' land law that be wished to see its working. From all he could learn the Act was working satisfactorily at the present time. He had not heard one single expression of dissatisfaction with it. (Hear, hear.) Under such circumstances it was only common prudence to say they would wait and see its working. Mr. Ward himself had changed his views. He bad no respect for a man who said, "I have formed views and will never change, them." Such a man could not in hiB opinion be a thoroughly conscientious, honourable man. The very strongest point which his hon. colleague always urged was the condition of persona] residence. He had changed his views in that. (Mr. Ward—"No.") He had admitted that people who were wiser than him and the majority of the country were in favour of substi tuted residence, and he did not want to disturb tbat. And he (Mr. BIyth) did not want to disturb decisions on other matters that were arrived at by the country. The hon. member said, " What are they doing in Victoria?" What were they doing? The hon. member knew that what he told them was not the law. The Parliament was dis cussing now the question of extending the holdings to 640 acres; ana there was just about as much chance of its being carried as there was of an amendment of the land law here being carried during the present session. It was not very pleasant to sit exactly opposite his hon. colleague, and hear him fulminating all his wrathful feelings against himself; but there was another thing which was very much more unpleasant—that was the wilful running of his head against a stone wall where there was no necessity for it. He did not think he should do any good to himself, and certainly he should not to the wall by such an operation. (Laughter.) The hon. member knew that for two sessions of Parliament they had. been working hard and patiently to amend the land laws, and they had arrived at a conclusion. Whether that was a wise or unwise one experience would show, but no one had a right to disturb that settlement until there bad been a fair trial of it. He would ask hon. members generally if they had received any complaints from their constituents of the working of the Land Bill. (Mr. Cavenagh—"Yes.") How many would say "Yes." He thought very few. He had not received one single thing of the kind. The parti cular objection about the auction had been re moved. The hon. mover knew that it did not now exist; if he did not, let him go and make enquiry into the matter. A person on the other side of the House, apparently unaware of any responsibility attaching to his statements, made reflections upon the Survey Office, of which it was his duty to say the Government did not believe one word, he said the " survey officers were capable and willing to take every advantage of the intention of the Legislature."' To tbat he cave an emphatic denial. He did not believe the Survey Department ever was administered in such a way as that, and he hoped it never would be. Of course it was easy to see one only way in which the Crown Lands Department could be properly administered. It had not taken place yet, but that happy time might come. (A laugh.) It was very easy to make charges; but he appealed to every one who had watched the action of the Survey Office and seen the energy, ability and integrity which had characterized the officers, whether such statements ought to be made, without being positively and strongly contradicted by the Government. However extraordinary the course might be, it appeared to him to be a perfectly consistent one to move the previous question. He had not consulted any of them, but he believed a majority of the House would feel with him that this was not the time for rediscussing the land laws, and the proper course would therefore be to vote against going into Com mittee, because they knew that if the resolutions were carried the course would be to move an address to the Governor for a Bill, thereby making still more disagreeable the action of his hon. col league. In the course of his political career he might have made many mistakes, but he felt 4-U«4- 11,.r. 1,« perfectly satisfied that tlie course he was taking now was perfectly consistent with the statement he made to his constituents, and that a large majority of them would agree with him in saying this was not the time for rediscussing the land law. If he was doing wrong it was not for his hon. colleague to blame him, hut he would be blamed aud punished by a far higher, more respectable, more powerful body than even his hon. colleague. Be might take pleasure in saying all he pos sibly could to annoy him. He passed that over by the application of a very good lesson which he had been learning all his life—to endeavour, under every circumstance he was placed in, to keep his temper, and not to give back harsh and unjust words for harsh and unjust words which were used against him. (Hear, hear, and Divide.) Mr. STOW rose amidst cries of " Divide." He hoped hon. members would not prevent him say ing in a few words the course he intended to adopt. He failed to see that the hon- member for Gume racha had shown any reason why the present system should be altered as regarded the upset price or the appropriation of the first payment. He had said nothing except that the present system had not attracted population. He did not believe it would do that even with the alterations proposed. South Australia was too far from the source of population to render such a system the means of attracting population. He might say he had altogether changed his views upon the land question. The inclination of his opinion was against the alteration which had been effected, but he had been so conscious of the good effects which had resulted that he had chauged his views altogether, and he should be prepared to do anything he could to carry out the principles of the law as at present in force. But he was not prepared to open the question in this the very first session after the law had been passed- In reference to the reservation of lands for two years, he did not think that was necessary, inasmuch as the list of land to he submitted to auction had to be laid before Parliament, and it was pretty certain that if there was aDy land which ought to be kept open for farmers there would be somebody to call attention to it. The parts of the hon. member's speech which made the most impression on him were those in reference to the auction. His attention had been called by persons who suffered from the abuse to the means by which persons who had no intention of taking up land were enabled to put iu applications, and then by saying they did not get all they wanted to get their deposits reiurned, and so keep persons who wanted the land in town for mary days, and perhaps compel them after all to return home without having obtained the land which they ought to have had. (Hear, hear.) If the Government would give an assurance that they would introduce a short Bill to either repeal or alter the 18tu clause so as to remedy that evil, and promise that no land should be sold before a list bad been laid before Parliament, he should support them in declining to go into Committee. The hon. "" Ward " ' member Mr. Ward had over and over again attacked the Chief Secretary, and accused him of breaking bis pledges in reference to the land laws. He failed to see that the Chief Secretary had done so. During the whole of last session he fought for what he promised, and he thought it right, seeing the position of a member of the Government was a matter of some importance, that independent members hearing them so attacked, and believing they were not properly attacked, should express their opinion to that effect; and he therefore expressed his opinion that the Chief Secretary had entirely freed himself from the charge of haviug broken his pledges. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WEST-EBSKINE thought the Chief Secre tary had plainly acknowledged that he had broken his pledges. (No.) He said he thought any person who did not change his mind when such arguments were brought to bear as warranted him in doing so was a very foolish man. He altogether differed from the hon. member for Light in thinking this was brought forward by Mr. Ward on personal grounds. (Mr. Stow—"I did not say so.") He regretted that he had misunderstood the hon. member. He would remind the Chief Secretary of the proverb, " Fas est et ab hoste doceri." He did not think any one ought to be above receiving a lesson. He in tended to support the hon. member forGumeracha. Any one had only to attend an auction sale to see the necessity there was for alteration- Several of his constituents had spoken to him and asked him to bring about au alteration of the pernicious swindling system which had prevailed. With regard to postponing the sale of agricultural laud for two years, he voted for that before, and the know ledge he bad derived since had been such as to •trengthen his conviction that that was the proper course. Mr. RAMSAY should vote with the Govern ment for the reasons stated by the Chief Secretary. Be would remind the hon. member for Gumeracha that there were ethers besides himself who had not broken their pledges to their constituents. He did not believe it would be advantageous to put up all land at £1 an acre. It might be better if land was reserved from auction for two years, but there was such a demand that all arable land was taken up within three months of its being thrown into the market. It would be absurd to suppose that surveyors could survey a patch of good land here and another there, escaping fall that was inferior. Such hind would come in very usefully as grazing blocks to the fanner a few years hence. In respect to the third proposi tion, he admitted there was great necessity for alteration, but he did not think the plan before them would effect the object. It would be better if the Government would bring in a small Act doiDg away with the limited auction aud substi tuting choice by lot. The farmers had suffered considerably through that being altered. The fourth proposition he entirely dissented from. It would be one of the most preposterous things the country could do. The country was clamorous for railways and roads to get the produce to market, end a large sum was wanted for education; and that being so it was only reasonable to expect that those who got the land on credit should pay some thing like 31 per cent, interest. He hoped the House would agree not to open up the question at the present time if the Government would bring in a small Bill abolishing the limited auction and providing that simultaneous applications should be decided by lot. Mr. BOUCAUT was not going to debate the whole question, and as an independent member be was not going into the personal question between the two members for Gumeracha. If there were to I be a frtfe fight, he~ would-enjoy it as much as^any other member; bnt he did not think a free fight would be desirable just now. Mr. Ward met him under the gallery that day, and complained bitterly and plaintively of what the Chief Secretary was going to do. He did not sympathize with the hon. member, and told him he thought the Chief Secre tary was quite right. That was because he thought the hon. member, from the tone of his resolution, wanted the House to consider the land question from beginning to end; and he agreed with the Government that there was no necessity for bringing in a measure to deal with the whole ques tion. He was bound to admit, however, having heard the hon. member remarks, that he would not be doing his duty to the House and the couhtry if he refoBea the hon. member liberty to discuss the questions in Committee. As to the third resolu tion, the hon. member had made out a case which was unanswerable—(cheers)—and convinced him against his will, because he had intended to object to that resolution. He had made out such a case that they would be neglecting their duty to South Australia if they refused to allow him to consider the matter in Committee, unless the Government gave an absolute pledge that a measure would be brought in; and if the Government were going to do that, they would have to do it by a resolution in Committee. As to the second resolution, he had always opposed the hon. member on that question, and he did not think he had made out a stroDg case. On the fourth resolu tion he was altogether opposed to him, and he bad never agreed with him upon that question. He did not want to assist Mr. Waid in lashing the Government, but that would not prevent him from doing what he thought his duty. What the hon. member set forth in the third resolution must be done, and if it was burked that day he would use all constitutional means to help the hon. member, because it was a matter in which a wrong was being done from day to day and week to week. Che ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said that Mr. Ward's remarks as to the third sub division of the resolution would no donbt have great force if borne oat by facts. (Oh.) The hon. member had made ceitain statements about swindling. Seeing the resolution upon the Paper, and knowing that reports were rife as to the abuse of this clause, he reauested the Commissioner of Crown Lands to obtain a report from the Surveyor General as to how the clause was working. This report was that so far from anything of the sort that was alleged going on the clause was working perfectly well. He was bound to take that general report; but the Government would obtain a formal report from the Surveyor-General, and if the statement of hon. members were borne cut by that reporter facts, the Government would be prepared to introduce a Bill to repeal clause IS; but they would resist any attempt to engraft any amendment upon it. The Bill would he confined to repealing the 18th clause, and that alone. He would not attempt to follow the hon. member in his lengthy speech. He had heard most of it several times; but if he wished to retaliate, how' bitter a satire upon tbe hon. member's action in tbe House would be the fact that he had given up the principle of personal residence, for which he contended, and which was made the cardinal point inland legislation. The hon. member was pre pared to give up the cardinal and fundamental principle of land legislation which he had been agitating for years; and it lay ill with him to charge the Chief Secretary and himself with sacri ficing every principle they held upon land reform. Whether in office or not, he would have resisted any attempt to alter the land law this year. The present Act was working very satis factory—they heard of no complaints from outside, tbe people who wanted land for bona fide agricultural purposes had every facility to take it up, and it was being largely availed of. He could not help commenting upon what the hon. member said, that if he had asked people outside to agitate no doubt he could have had public meetings. Would the hon. member say he had not endeavoured to get up meetings to agitate the I question ? Would he say that he had not written to influential men in the North, asking them to agitate land reform and to call meetings, and Eromising to attend? He did not know whether e had done the same in the South-East—he knew he had some admirers in the South-East—but he knew that he bad written to gentlemen in the North. (Mr. Ward—"Only one.") He only said one. (Laughter.) The fact was that no meeting had been called, and they did not want land reform. He had enquired whenever he was in the country whether the farmers were satisfied, and as far as he could hear they were. Jbis strong objection to the motion was that this was not the time to make any amendments, even supposing they were able to carry them out. It was not desirable for the sake of mere theoretical perfection to continually alter the land laws, but they should give them a fair trial. Land reform had leen tbe hon. member's hobby ever since he 1.SCJJ Wt J1UU. UIUIUB ■ JJV/L/UJ C*>~ "V" ~ entered the House; but he thought the continual agitation upon this matter was about played out, and he did not think the hon. member would be able to ride his hobby to much advantage much longer. The hon. member had made a somewhat startling revelation as to the way in which the present Ministry was formed. He did not know who gave the hen. member the information, tie twitted the Chief Secretary with non-loyalty to his colleagues: but he wished to take this opportunity of saying that the Hon. Arthur Blyth had shown him personally the greatest possible loyalty that one man could show to another, and he only hoped he might always have such a loyal friend at his ^Mr PEARCE was quite unchanged in his opinions, and if it came to a vote he would be pre pared to vote as he had always done before on each of these questions. With reference to one or them he was somewhat of opinion that the state of things stated by the hon. member to exist did not exist. (Hear, hear.) No doubt it existed when the Bill was first passed, but he thought it was likely, as the Government said, that the practice complained of had ceased. If it was in operation the Government were called upon to remedy the evil and the simplest form would be in the way they suggested. They would not in that case go into the whole question, which would be a waste of the time of the House and the country. (Hear, hear) He would tell the hon. member without hesitation that he was going to vote against his going into Committee simply because of the style in which he had moved his resolutions. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was quite time the House put an end to these unseemly quarrels, and they should iusist upon these pet' sonal quarrels being adjusted outside instead of upon tire floor of the House. (Mr. TownseDd - " O Lcrd," and laughter.) Only the good humour of the Chief Secretaiy prevented the occurrence of such a scene as had taken place outside. It was not possible for any one to consider that the hon. member's action was the result of pure love of country and a desire to benefit it; but there must be some deep-rooted enmity, which crept up once or twice a day. (Mr. Ward—"No.") It was to gratify spleen, which would be better gratified out side than by bringing forward these resolutions as a stalkiDg-hoise to obtain that of which the country was altogether sick. It was well known that he held the same opinions. The hon. member had changed his views with regard to clause IS, as well as on the question of personal residence. When the question was being considered, he (Mr. Pearce) felt so strongly that both the systems of limited auction ana lot were a curse to the country that he moved for the adoption of the system of limited tender. Even the hon. member had been obliged to change his views on that subject, and did not that justify other people in changing their opinions ? (Mr. Ward— I have not changed." Mr, Stow—" Why did you say so then?" and laughter.) It was because of the hem. member1 slowpersonal abuse with which he applied to the Chief Secretary that he was led to make up his mind that whatever the issue he would vote against his going into Committee, because he could not consent to be led by a man who so imprudently and injudiciously sought to amend the land law. The hon. member went so far as to hint that those who agreed with his opinions would vote against him because they had either sold their principles or were lukewarm —— . fil r. WARD—I never said anything of the kind. The SPEAILEE said Mr, Ward was out of order in interrupting the hon. member. Mr. PEARCE distinctly understood the hon. member to say that although they were within two of carrying the proposals last year some ot the members were so lukewarm that they would be likelv to be lost. If a member of the Government made a statement of that sort it would be likely to have acontrary eSect to that lutended, and there was no other course open for independent men but to resist 6uch dictation. Whenever the hon. member brought forward a motion with which he agreed, hut surrounded and weighted it so that it would be impossible for the House to adopt it, he would vote against him, although he thought the reform desirable. He said this because he wished to keep the debates as far as possible free from personality, (Laughter.) He agreed with most of the resolu tions; but for the reasons advanced he would vo.e for the amendment. . . Mr. TOWNSEND had no sympathy with the lemaiks of the hon. member for Gumeracha in reference to the Chief Secretary, and mentioned that although he (61r. Townsend) when he was before his constituents, and when a member for Onkaparinga, opposed his colleague, Mr. Milne, on the question of land reform, they had been on terms of friendship. Blr. Pearce made a Sreat mistake in saying that although he agreed with what was proposed he would not vote for it because it was moved by Mr. Ward. The hoii. member Mr. Ward stood out better than Mr. Pearce did on the point. He had not to consider the mere language of the hon. member, but the notice upon the Paper, and he thought Government had made a mistake in the course they had adopted. There was an innate feeling in their natures—(laughter)-which caused them when there was an attempt to do an injustice to rise up against it. If this resolution had been tabled by any other member the Government would not have taken the course of refusing to allow him to go into Committee. While the hon. member was there lie only knew him as the lion, member far Gumeracu? —he did not desire to know liim in any other capacity—(laughter)—and when he found that a course was being pursued towards him which would not be adopted with any other member he would stand up for him. The Government had gained nothing by the course they had pursued; but he would say this much with regard to the observation about his policy upon the Land Bill, thtt he was willing to believe ttiat the Hon, Arthur Blyth issued a manifesto that he agreed with. It was not only the manifesto of the Hon. A. Blyth, but the manifesto of the whole of the Ministry of which he (Mr. Townsend) was a member. (Hear, hear.) There was too much stxeBB laid on the observation that they had no right to discuss this matter now. Until a politician had accomplished the carrying out of principles which he thought to be proper he had a right to advocate them on every possible occasion. (Hear, hear ) When the question of the ballot was first discussed in the Home Parliament it only found a I seconder; the next time it got 17 supporters, the next 70, and so on; and if the Chief Secretary was as strongly in favour of the views he held at the last election as he was then, now was the time for I him to car>y them oat. It was not because the public had not spoken out that he should hesitate to.do so, or because he did not know whether he would secure a majority. If that prin ciple was generally adopted nothing would ever get passed. (Mr. Ward—"Hear, hear.") How, however, that the Bill which the Chief Sec retary would have liked to see modified was passed," he turned round and said it was satis factory. It was not satisfactory when they re membered that this satisfaction came from people who would not have the Bill. The opening up of the agricultural areas had done more good to South Australia than all the sheep stations in it. (Mr. Laurie—"Ho.") He could prove that so far as population was concerned, Three agricultural areas attracted more population and paid more taxation than all the sneep runs put together, except the actual rents they paid. (Mr. Watts— "Ho") If hon. members liked to give him the time he could prove it, and certainly , they would not deny that men were now employed in cul tivating thousands of thousands of acres which they were formerly told would not grow a bushel of wheat. The Chief Secretary said he was satisfied. (The Chief Secretary—"Ho, I don't.") Were the principles contained in the speech which tbe Chief Secretary delivered at Gumeracha, and which he (Mr. Townsend) delivered in tbe District of Sturt, carried out? Ho. Then he could not un derstand how the Chief Secretary could be satisfied. The hon. member Mr. Stow had said that Mr. Ward's speech bad convinced him that an alteration in reference to the third resolution was necessary, which showed that already something had been gained by this discussion. He could name one of the most influential land agents in the District of Light who had told him how this clause could be ana had been worked. It was a fact that land agentB and others had gone to the auction-room, and run up the former who wished to occupy the land to such a price that he could not afford to pay, and then the fanner had got it at their own price afterwards. He believed the Act did need amend ment, not only in this particular, but the others proposed by the hoD. member, and therefore he would vote for going into Committee. Mr. LAURIE entirely agreed with almost the whole of the resolutions, but he must object to the manner in which they were brought forward. He did not think it right for the hon. member to in dulge in tbe language which he had indulged in towards the Ministry, more especially the Chief Secretary, and if anything could have put him against the motion it would have been that. If members of the House were selectors they would be very glad to carry these resolutions. With regard to the first resolution, he thought £1 per acre was quite sufficient for the upset price of laud, and for this reason—the very essence of agriculture was grubbing and clearing, which were most expensive, but for which nothing was allowed under the Act. With reference to the second resolution, he thought it was amply sufficient to reserve land for caBh sales for one year, because long before two years bad expired all the good land would be taken up. With regard to the third resolution, he thought after tbe explanation of tbe hon. member there was not the slightest doubt that the Act should be altered in that particular, because it was mani festly unfair that a man should go into the auction room, bid as high as he liked, and get his deposit returned without any reduction what ever; whilst at the same time he made the bona fide bidder lose the land. The Attorney General said be would ask for a report from the Surveyor-General; but if he had said that should these imperfections exist he would bring in a Bill to amend tbe Act (Hear, hear, and lthe Chief Secretary—"He did say so.'') He did not premise. (The Chief Secretary—" Yes, he did.") Then he had been misunderstood by more than one member. (Hear, hear.) The fourth resolu tion was that which he would lay the most stress on. Hon. members had said that no meetings had been held with regard to the repayment of tne 20 per cent, of the purchase-money; but the two newspapers at Mount Gambier had more than once reported meetings of the selectors in the drained lands and agricultural areas in the South east which had advocated that course, and he thought it only fair, because he knew from prac tical knowledge that a man could not profitably pay £3 per acre for land which was so far from a market. Men might get good crops, but when they had to pay sometimes as much as 13d., lid., and 15d. per bushel for carrying their produce to market it took away their profits. If this matter had not been brought forward by the hon. member he should have introduced it himself. He admitted that au enormous amount would have been foregone, perhaps £400,000 or £500,000; but he believed most or the selectors when Strangways' Act was passed had reason to believe that this 20 per cent, would go towards the purchase-money. (Mr. Cavenagh—"No.") In Victoria it had been allowed, and it would be a great concession to the farmers. He would vote for going into Committee. Mr. LINDSAY said the Attorney-General spoke of theoretical imperfections in the existing law; but he thought when a man who went into the auction-room prepared to buy land for £3 per acre, which was sufficient, and was run up to £6, that there were very practical imperfections. The present Act had not worked satisfactorily; but the farmers had been prosperous, and they thought it was of no use, asithad been so recently passed, to attempt to make any alteration in the Act. But instead of being an improrement on the old system it was worse. The only improvement was personal residence, and that was taken as an advan tage which covered a good many disadvantages. The limited auction he had always contended against, and its effect had been to make the farmers pay a higher price for their land, and that was altogether a disadvantage unless the amount was used for the benefit of the farmers afterwards, but it was more than was necessary. It had been stated by the Commissioner of Public Works that the proceeds of the sale of land in the Northern Areas amounted to £604,000. but the improvements to the harbours there and the railways to connect them with the interior would not cost anything like that sum. Mr. Bamsay, who had opposed going into Committee, had given good reasons why they should do so. It was said this was not the time to reopen the question, but he did not feel bound by the considerations which the Chief Secretary felt himself bound by. He opposed two Land Bills on their third reading, and that which was passed seemed to him worse than either, and therefore he should like to see it altered. He would support going into Committee. Mr. CAVKNAGH had no sympathy with the attacks made by the senior member for Gumeracha on the junior. He thought he had injured himself more than his hon. colleague, but he was afraid the Government might fall into the same error iu pre venting him going into Committee. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was desirable to amend the Waste Lands Act of 1S72, but he wanted the Government to do it, not a private member, though he might say it had been his intention himself to attempt to amend the 18th clause if this motion had not been tabled. It was so imperfect that it would be unsatisfactory, no matter how it was altered, and therefore he should have proposed to strike it out, and return to Strangways' Act, so that if 30,000 acres were put up to auc tion in one block a man could take up any 610 acres without people knowing for which he was bidding. Another amendment which he should like to see made was that of the clause which allowed a selector to bring his agree ment under one Act under another. At present a person was compelled to cultivate one-fifth of his land before he could take advantage of that clause; but under Strangways' Act he was not hound to cultivate, and it was hard to refuse him coming under the present Act because he had not done that which a former Act did not compel him to. He saw no reason why that should not be altered. The hon. member for Victoria was in error when be stated that persons who purchased land under Strangways' Act were under the impression that they would get their 20 per cent, deposit returned. He knew he was in the auction-room when the Act was first started, and he never heard anything of the sort. The hon. member was a selector, and might have hoped to get the 20 per cent, returned, but he did not think he ever thought it. He understood the Attorney-General to agree to briDg in an amendment of the Act in reference to the third resolution. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) understood the Attorney-General to say that he wculd first call fer a report from the Surveyor General, and if any fault in the regulations was found to exist with regard to clause IS, he would bring in a Bill to amend it, Mr. CAVENaGH in that case must vote with Mr. Ward, because he had been a person who had prevented frauds under that clause which he knew could be carried on, it tbe Government did not intend to amend it. The CHIEF SECEETABY (Hon. A. Blyth) was not in the House when the Attorney- General spoke, but what he had stated was what the Attorney-General was to have said. Mr. CARR considered that the attempt of the Government to put down discussion had been sin gularly unsuccessful, as nearly every member had speken, and nearly all who had had expressed the opinion that reform was needed in our land legis lation. The Ministry, of course, 6aid it was a wrong time to carry out the reform; but it was always a wrong time to hear unpleasant things. The Government had, however, promised to do something like what Mr. Ward proposed to do in the resolutions, and he thought it was unfair that they should try to keep his resolutions from being discussed, at the same time that they adopted part of them in clause 3. When a resolution must be brought in, he did not 6ee why the Government should no have accepted Mr. Ward's. He would not go so far as Mr. Townsend had done, and say that Mr. Ward was the only man whom the Ministry would have dared to treat as they had on this occasion; but he thought there were "other members in the House whom the Ministry certainly would not have treated as they had Mr. Ward—Mr. Stow, for instance. In his case it was like the American story of the 'coon in the tree. (Laughter.) They said—"Captain, is that you? If it is really you I will come down." When Mr. Stow had spoken the Government had suddenly made a discovery, and the Attorney General had stood up to annouce that the Govern ment bad found that the 18th clause of the last Act needed amendment. Nothing had been seen of tbe amendment till Mr. Stow Bpoke, and then tbe Government were quite prepared to adopt his amendment. It was not now clear, however, that the Government were going to act in the matter, as they wanted a report from the Surveyor General upon the point, and only promised to take action conditionally upon that disclosing particular facts. He was surprised at the hon. member Mr. Pearce, who, though he held the same views upon this question, had lectured him as be would have done a little boy, and owing to some expression which he complained of, but did not particularize, had said that he must vote against the House going into Committee. He was pleased at tbe remarks of Mr, Townsend, but he might say that his colleague Mr. Milne had not changed I his mind so mucn as some persons he knew of, but would not now particularize. He should sup port the hon. member for Gumeracha, as he thought if the land law could be beneficially altered that should at once be done. Mr. PICKERING, from the views which he held, would be found at a proper time to go in for the whole of the resolutions, and he felt bound to press upon the Government the necessity for their remedying the defects in the law proposed in clause 3 of the resolutions. The Government should accept reportsof horn members on that matter, as many had had theirattentioncalled to it. He had known four or five persons who had placed themselves in a position of opposition to a genuine landowner, and had kept him off the land that he wanted, while it was understood which of the persons should take up the land afterwards. He thought that the auction system should be done away with, ana that the system of tender; as advised by the hon. member for light, should be adopted in its place. He had just returned from a journey of 300 miles through the areas and found that the extent of the land there was far more than he expected to see. He had been talking about it to a shrewd Scotch gen tleman in the train, and when he said that there was enough good brown chocolate land in the North to satiny all the farmers both here and in Victoria, the gentleman added, "Aye, and in England also." It was true there were drawbacks, one of which w&b; the want of water; but that had to be fought against by men who wished to bring land imder cultivation. He did not know whether be would be right or not in asking the bon. member to withdraw his motion on the promise of the Government that the matter should be attended to. If he forced his motion to a division he would be compelled to vote for going into Com mittee.^ Mr. KBICHAUFF could not let an opportunity pasB where he had a chance of saying what his views were on the subject of land reform; and he did not think that the Government had acted fairly in attempting to burke discussion. He believed tbat many of the farmers who thought last year that the Land Act was a good one had considerably changed their views, and it was therefore well that the House should know, through hon. members, both their own and the opinions of their con stituencies upon this matter. That wonld be effected if the House would go into Committee, which he hoped would be done. The 18th clause of the Act was one that few could like, and he had unfortunately occasion only too often to see how badly it acted in the taking up of laud. Farmers who did not evade it had come to town time after time and failed to get the land they desired, while those who evaded it were successful. The present Act did not meet the wants of the country, and should be amended. He hoped to have an oppor tunity of speaking again in Committee, and would vote with Mr. Ward for going into Committee. Mr. SIMM'S would not have said anything upon this question hut for the turn affairs had taken. He thought it was admitted on all hands that the reforms in the old land system, which he had resisted as much as anybody else, had effected a vast amount of good for the country, and had en riched a large number of people. Some took exception, and said that the pastoral interest had suffered, but be denied that altogether, as it had not suffered to anything like the extent that it was expected to have suffered. There was no doubt that the squatter must give way to those who would till the land, and he believed that if the majority of squatters were asked to give a verdict they would give it in favour of the law in its altered state. A great deal of mischief had been effected by the 18th clause of the Act, and he con sidered tbat it should be altered; and he felt that if any person but Mr. Ward bad tabled this motion the Government would have allowed him to go into Committee at least. He was sorry that the Chief Secretary had taken the unusual course of moving the previous question, and he thought, though legally it might be right to do so, it was morally wrong, as all members should have the right to bring forward and have questions discussed which they considered to be for the benefit of the public. Mr. Ward, while speaking; had convinced a number of members of the necessity of land reform. The Chief Secretary had spoken of the reform, and had said that as the Act had so lately been passed it was well tbat it should have a triaL Tbat was all very well, but he must say that such glaring defects as those which had been pointed out i should be remedied without delay. He was not 1 opposed to hon. memberscbangingtheir minds, con sidering that it would not be a manly thing if they did not. (Laughter.) He hoped that personalities would not be introduced into the House in future, but that hon, members would confine themselves to discussing questions that might result in benefit to the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WARD thought hon. members had blamed him in the wrong, as he had not introduced the motion out of any ill-feeling, having tabled it long before any cause of dispute had arisen between him and Ministers. But when a member made pro fessions to his constituents and afterwards broke them, he thought another member who held strong views upon the point had a right to com ment upon the action; for he did not see why the truth should not come out there as well as anv other place. Personally he did not think there was a more estimable man than the Chief Secre tary. (Hear, hear and laughter.) But he had a right to his own views regarding him as a poli tician. He did not think, though he might have used strong terms, that there was anything in what he had said to justify hon. members in supposing that he meant to personally attack the Chief Secretary. The Chief Secretary had promised to have a revision of the law attempted if he could see a necessity for it. One had, ne thought, been proved to him by his own supporters; and even Mr. Cavenagb, who had had much personal expe rience of the working of the Act, had said that there was no doubt about the evil effect of the 18th clause. The Chief Secretary had not said that these amendments were bad in themselves, but he said there was a time for all things, and at the proper time he would be prepared to support these amendments. They all knew there was no time like the present. To say they would wait till the evils were increased could only be justified on the ground of expediency, not by any right whatever. The Chief Secretary and Attorney-General had both made it one of their points that he had changed his views on personal residence. He had not dene so in the slightest, and if he saw the slightest chance of carrying it out, he would pro pose it, believing it was the best means of ensuring true settlement. But to fight for something he knew the country would not carry would be waste of time. He distinctly drew the line between the country and the House. In the resolutions he had tabled the country was with him. and they would say so in the future. The Chief Secretary said he ought to know, in reference to the alterations proposed in Victoria, that there was not the ghost of a chance of their being carried. The telegrams received showed that j they had been carried by a large majority, ar.d that being the case he thought probably the 1 Council would see fit to give way, and defer to the stroDgly-expressed opinion of the Assembly. The Chief Secretary said that the objection to the action had been remedied, but after the assurance I of several hon. members he would be hound to admit that he was wrong in that respect. No regulation could override the ISth clause. Then the Chief Secretary took a great deal of exception to his remarks about! he Survey Office. In reply j he would state that there was a time when either he as Commissioner of Crown Lands or the Survey Office committed one of the greatest blunders ever made. On being reproached what was his excuse < He said he really did not know anything about it, but had taken the advice of his officers. He was I alluding to the Booyoolee lands, and that certainly justified the remarks he had made. If more were ! necessary to show that they had survey officers capable where they had the opportunity of thwart- i ing the intention of the Legislature, he asked any hon, member whether it was ever contemplated that lands should be surveyed into agricultural areas that were unfit for agricultural purposes; and then to lock at the return called for by Mr. Carr, in which the Surveyor-General described thousands of acres of laud as swamp, limestone ridges, stony j ranges, &c.; That was a mockery of legislation, and an attempt on the part of the Survey officers to put aside the deliberate intention of the Legis lature. The Chief Secretary most unjustly charged him with putting these resolutions on the Paper to annoy him. That was elevating himself into far loo great importance. He should think it very much beneath him to make use of his public position, and certainly of a great question of public interest, for no higher motive than to annoy anybody; and if the Chief Secretary thought he was of so much importance to him as that he was entirely mistaken. In reply to the boa. member Mr. Stow, he csuld say that if allorwed to go into Committee he should be able to bring many more arguments to hear on each of the several resolutions. Instead of the limited auction he would like to see the system of tender adopted amongst the applicants. He wished to spy a word or two with regard to Mr. Pearce. Why that hon. member had lectured him as he did he did not know; but he believed it was only for an excuse to vote against the resolu tions. The records would show that on the motion last session to recommit the clauses of the Bili to make the price £1 per acre, Mr. Pearce voted against that, and when it was moved to recommit to insert two years instead of one as the time for which land should be reserved, he voted against that. He was not aware there was any personal squabble, and he was sorry any such allusion had been made. He did not want to be personal, but.) when he found that members who took the re sponsibility of directing public affairs would not in cffice carry out the pledges they had given, and were, as he "thought, sacrificing their pledges in order to get office, he considered he would not be honest if he did not point out such inconsistency. So far from being desirous to refrain from pointing out such inconsistency, he wished in the words of Othello he had the power— "To put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the world.' The hon. member Mr. Townsend was good enough tu give him, as he often did, a little of iiis patronage, which he did not want. He did not know whether he intended to he ofieusive or jocular when he said he knew him there simply as the representative of Gumeracha, and did not care about knowing him in any other capacity. At any rate he could tell Mr. Townsend that he knew him very well in other capacities, and he knew many things of him in other capacities which he (Mr. Townsend) would never know of him. In these resolutions he was doing what he thought to he the honest thing, and be hoped to have the support of independent members in opposing the unusual course the Government had thought proper to adopt The previous question was then put in the form " shall this question be now put." The Ayes were declared to have it. The CHIEF SECRETART (Hon. A. Blyth) called for a division Ates, 10 —Messrs. Boucaut, Carr, Cottrell, Krichauffi Lindsay, Simms, Stow, Townsend, and Ward (teller). „ Noes, 13-The Treasurer, the Attomey-Weneral, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bootbby, Bray, Cavenagh. Duncan, Pearce, Smith, Solomon, Watts, .and Mortlock, the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 3 for the Noes. TELEGRAPH LINE FROM PORT AUGUSTA TO PORT LINCOLN. Mr. WATTS allowed his motion for £11,000 for the construction of this telegraph line to lapse. 