MELTON ELECTION. T'o the Editor of the Empress. Scr,-As there appears to be an idea preva lent in this neig hourhood that I was tIhe writer of the letter signed "tiatepayer," referring to tihe excessive nobblerislng and flitches of bacon used at tihe late election, you would oblige by inserting this, giving it my most emphatic denial, and disolniming any knowledge of its author to the present time, Your own knowledge of the writer will bear me out in my assertion.-I am, &o.;,, A. BLACKWOOD, [Ir., Blackwood had nothing to do with " Hatepayer's" letter, and it was written by a person not resident in or very near Melton. .ED.] I-IonsHAmr is assuming (says thie Pleasant Creek Ohronic2) 11 the asicts of a thrivingr central township, to a vast agriculturarl and stock-keeping community. Shops, new dweol lings, new public houses, and new buitings are rising up with extreme rapidity, andti we hear, as soon as the roads will permit, that there are a great many more to be proceeded with, amongst others a new church to cost £1,800, more than the half of which is already subscribed. Tiu. M.A. 31.il publishes a ,joke and calls it " The Very Latest fiom the Clickt World." -A cricketing corresipondent sendls us tIhe following :-Wardill, ' bowled out' (but not stumped)-7,000 up. This is the higheost score obtained by any Victorian cricketer in a single innings. Ie played a 'fast-loso' game, giving many chances to the field, one of which was played into thie hands of Richardson, but hie allowedl him to slip through his ' butter-fingers,' and, therefbro, was not 'caught,' nad after, a somowhat lengthened innings VWardill was ' chaired' to San Francisco !" Tiro price paid by Mr. Wilson for the Ercildourn estate was (accordirng to thie Aqe) £250,000, the stock and improvemnents boing' valured at £47,047. Our contomporary adds: -'1lThis prope'rty will form a valhrlle (additior to that already heold by Messrs. Wilson, who now shear annually about a million of' sliheoop, T'lhe total amount invested by this firin in scquatting' proplerty duritng' thi( past, eighteen months is, we bolievo, abont £450,000. T'i1, CIIunSE Gurostr FESTIVAL.-A Celestial corresponndent sands us (Araurat Advertlise) thie following interesting details: -" On the ~29th Adigust thIe Chinese w'ill be getting'ready for the anniversary of the 'Ghost Festival,' which iwill be on tino ist, and ie followed by anotheor ifeast ont 4th Septemuber, when they honour their dend frienis; at tihe same time tlhey burn all kinds of incoenseo paper. Some that can utflrd it buy clotlhes to barn, and those that cannot buy plapcr instead, so that the dead friends expect to have paper every year. On the 80th tihey give notice to their dead friends about tile feast by burning joss sticks, and gold and silver coloured apnor, 'Ihe Chinese have this festival in every district. In the Ararat district there is a population of about three or fioir' hundred Chinese, of that ntimber a hundred and fifty habitually sinoko opium, the rest of them smoke it sonmeotimes. It costs £85 a weeook to buy the opium, and they live on rice which costs them £30 a week. All over thIe colony, the Chiniese who smoke spenid about £70,000 in opium every year. IfT they were to do without smoking atnd gamnbling many could save money iand go home to China. 'The number of games they play'is about ten, fan-tan, lottery, dice, dlominoes, cards, and other kinds of games, all unlawvfl." K Trn Croswick Advertiser reports a drend ful series of deaths firom diphthleria, Our contemnporary writes:-" We regret to have to record the death of another child belonging to Mr. Quinlan, named Ellen, aged four years, who expired at the hospital on Sunday, fromn diphtherin, this making the ~sixth in that infortunate family within a woeek or iwo. Only three now remain out of a family of nine, all healthy a fewv weeks ago." ''Hr uPolice Gazotto contains the deserip. tion of Richard Wilson Wardill, elharrged, on warrant, with em bedzlemen t from the Victorian Sugar Company. 'IThe offender was wearing his beard, which is long and full and of a light colour. It is now alleged that he is wearing a moustache only, and that his hair and moustacho are dyed black; he was riding a well-bred horse, and dressed in long over coat, grey colour, black glazed leather gaiters, elastic-side boots, and a light-drab wide-awake lhat. He had a chamois-leather bag full of sovereigns with him. HeIhas been traced from Riddell's Creek, which place lie left on the morning of the 20th ilt., in the direction of Sandhurst, via Macedon, by the back roads. The Sugar Company ofifers a reward of £250 ibr his arrest, AoncouLTvrunA REoR?u ns.--'l'Tiat hard headed Warwickshire labourer, Joseph Arch, is laying a train for the upheaval and toppling over of the whole feudal system of England. This is saying a good deal, but if that work be not his purpose it is almost certain to be the result of his avowed intent, viz., to raise the agricultural labourers to a higher share in the wealth which comes out of the land in England. He is the Cobden of the new movement, which has fbr its object thie raising of the wages of the fiurm labourer and placing him in a position more like that of a freedman than he has ever yet held in England. Like Cobden, Joseph Arch has set before him n single object, to be won by constitutional imeans. ie is no riot-bre eder, no advocate of machinery-sunashling or stack- burning, but a counsellor of union, faith, and resolution in the sure and certain hople of a victory in the labourer's interest. From shire to shire in the old land hlie has gone lecturing, form ing bands of union-men, has made speeches in London assemblies, has aroused a public emotion already of some force, and hlie and his associates promise to give us over again a Cobden crusade with even mightier results. If Arch do not change his moral force tactics, and if he be not overwhehnlmned in the gathe ring hosts of conadjutors and a less sagacious 1ioly be thus adopted, the movement cannot hil. The work ray be tedious, like the free trade fight of Cobden and his associates, but it must, like it, esuceed, The monstrous inequalities which exist in the distribution of thie land-produced wealth of England must be redressed, the tenure of land altered, and thre owner, farmer, and worler be mnade to come nearer one another in tIhe sharing of the piroceeds. Manhood suffrage is not flr' off in Great Britain, and the growing intelli gence of the peasantry will ldemand and have a revision of tile whole scale of tenure, rental and wnge-paying of the land. There will not be annihilation of poverty nor prevention of cirlital acoumulations, for both will follow there as elsewhere the laws of nature in society, but there will be a revolution in tire iresent system of lord and serf. The lord must give up something of his state and realth and privilege, and thie serf will be no more, but will be changed into a man with political power, with a house fit to live in, and with a wage that will keep honest industry from senmi-starvation and all its accompanying personal and relative miseries. What is to be feanred, however, is, tlhat the moderate counsels of wise and strong Joseph Arch may be overborne by those of hotter anti less single-eyed menon, It is to be feared that a war of classes may be raised, and the war raised in such a manner as to retard the reform which Arch has risen to inaugurate. T'he tenant tfarmer is between two fires, so to speak, and the whole movement is ombar rassed by the multitudinous complications, social and political, which arise immediately such a movement is started in an old feudal country like England. Trades unions have always been difficult things to work properly, and this grand labour union which Arch is creating tIs erq nally dangerous if not more, by as nmuch as H-odge is less informed than the artisan. The enemies of' the peasirnt are raising dust about agitators, whom Sir M. Hicks-Beach dlescribes as "communists in politics and infidels in religion," but Arch is too. srgacious a man probably to let such a cry do him rnuch harm. Still, tie war of classes is rising, and there may be trouble. Ballarat Star. T'IHeapproach of harvest has revived the subject of employing prepared bands for sheaves; hitherto bands were prepared from rye straw, and sold at thre rate of 60 francs per 1,000; they haIrdly served beyond a single hIarvest, and suflbred from the attacks of rats and mice. ThIe plan at present coming into trvour is to uise bands made of tarred cord, with a light iron hooklt at one end, and a serioes of' knllots ait tile other to bite into it. ''lhose sell at thIe rate of 50 or 80 francs per 1,000, hold good ftbr ftour years, and after binding thIe sheaves, are used to bundle the straw when threshed. A binder executes three times more work by having' the bands prpred. 'I'Thle hook candl is kept under the left foot when the sheaf is to be tied; tihe binder, by means of a hand crook in lightl iron, draws thie knrotted lnd round thIe band itself, andt homeo to tIre hook. Ilespecting thire cltivation of wheat, thre French t'lineirs pursIe an excellent piractice, and which inhas told in tiheir ithvour this yeur, lnamely to sow sovoril kinds of wheat wheon the area of the land devoted to thre crop is oextensive.--Paris correspondent of Chines C 'uirdlian. ALa'riouom tile Post-oflico arranigements in this country may be open to improvemrnent in the rurai districts, yet they comp:are thnvourlably with those in somne parts oft the United States. The New York HLer'ld gives an account of a visit of inspection recently made by a special agent of the Post-office department to Iron Rod, Montana. Going' into the post-office he found the room divided into threeoo scctions-first a saloon, next the post-office, and aInst a aro bank. On the mail big being' bronghtl in a rough looking customer opened it, and emptied its contents on the floor, when tlhe entire crowd(l in the buihling' gIot down on their hands and knees, and comnionenced overhlauling theo letters. nmong which were several registered, andt selected such as they wanted. The letters wvhich remained after this scramble were shovelled into a candle box and placed on the bar. The special agent thinlking the olice needed a little regulating, asked the bar tender, who had received and distributed the mail, if he were the postmaster ? " No," was the relfly. "Are you the assistant post nmaster ?1 " No." " Where is tile post master " "Out mining." "Where is tile assistant postmaster?" "Gone to Hell's can yon, and by thunder, Bill Jones has g'ot to run this offitce next week i it's his turn." The Government oflicial then asked who lie was, and demandedl the keys of the office. The iar-tender coolly took the candle-box from thie bar, and put it bn the floor, and gave it a kick, sndding it out of the door, saying, A ': There's your post-offioe, and now git. ''he agent says, " Knowing the onestoms of the country, I lost no time in following this advice, and ' got.' " The otfice, it is statedl 'has since been discontinued.--Pall Mall Budget. Vnnar good butter, it is stated, is prepared now by a butter manufuotory at New York, according to the following process:-Agents are employed to visit slaughter-houses, and buy up all the beef suet. This is carted to the fotetory and cleansed. Then it is put into meat choppers and minced fine. It is afterwards placed in a boiler with as much water in bulk as itself. A steampipe is introduced among the particles of suet, and they are melted. The refuse of the membrarie goes to the bottom of the water, the oily substance floats, and is removed, This con sists of butteur matter and stearine. A tempera ture of eighty degrees melts the former, and leaves the stearine at the bottom. The butter matter, or cream, is drawn off; about 18 per cent, of fresh milk is added, and the neces snary salt, and the whole is churned for ten or fifteen minutes. The result is Orange county butter at about one-half the usumil cost. The sterine is sold at twelve cents a pound to the candle maker, and the refuse at seven cents a pound to the manufacturer of food for cattle. A company with a capital of 500,000 dollars has been organised for the manufhcture of butter by this method, and it is expected that the diviatends will amount to 100 per cent. In the meantime a chemist in Fr'ance is reported to have made milk from grass, but as the milk thus made is much more costly than old-fashioned milk, his discovery is not likely to be so profitable as that of the butter manufaoturers.-Pall Mall Gazetto. TiHE Hargreave collection of pictures sold by IMessrs, Christie affords examples of some of the highest prices ever given fobr the work of living artists. Thus Mr. Millias' "Awake," a little girl starting up in bed at thes song of a canary, was sold for 1,417 guineas ; Mr. Firth's "Pope making love to Lady Mary," for the same sum; Sir E, Land seer's little picture, "Pensioners," 1,680 guineas; and MIr, Webster's " Boy with many Friends," 2,100 guineas.-Pall Mall Gazette. THE Conservatives are, it is stated, making arrangements for publishing' a dnily paper, which is to be supplied to subscribers in any part of the country, no matter how remote, at a penny a week.' T'he.paper, it is stated, will be a neat and handy shlieet of four pages of two columns each, and will contain all the news up to the hour of publication, given in the most condensed form, and short, pithy articles.-Pall Mall Gazetto. A PERFECT reaping-machine has long been a desideratum with agriculturists, but litherto those that have been invented have all had something or other about them that it was not onl desirable, but necessary to remedy, ifpossible. Amongst the makers of these machines Mr. Hugh Lennon is known as the most successful, and his patent two wheel reaper has given much satisfaction. Still the maker saw that there was room for further improvement, in order to accomplish the more easy and certain adjustment of the height of out of the finger bar, without allowing it to depart from Its proper position, so as to allow the knife-bar to work without side fiiotion, To effect this, he has attached a lever to the upright of the finger-bar. The fulorum of the lever consists ofa pin supported by an upright standard fitted to the bracket, and for the guidance of which there are two perforated arms at the back of the machine between which the lever works. By a pin passing through the perforations, the lever is supported in any given position, to suit the height of out as required. The upright end or the finger bar passes through a deep socket girded with wrought iron collars for strength. The handle of this lever is in a convenient position fbr either driver or tipmen to use, and it can be lifted for height to reap or lowered to mow in a moment, A second patent has been taken out to secure this invention.-A.,e. LIVEs LOST BY WILD B?sTrs IN IlaDI, -On 19th May last, a paper was read at the rooms of the Social Science Society, London, by Captain Rogers, on the "Destruction of Human Libfe and Property in India by Noxious Wild Animals." The facts made public by the gallant captain are quite astounding. It appears that the inhabitants of the border lands between jungle and culti vation are killed and eaten by tigers in such numbers as to require the uimmediate and serious attention of' -Government, both in India and in England. We give a few out of many instances :-" A single tigress caused the destruction of thirteen villages, and 2560 squaro miles were tlhrown out of cultivation." " Wild bonasts firequently obstruct Govern ment survey parties. In 1869 one tigress ate 127 people, and stopped a public road for many weeks." In January, 1868, a panther brokeo into the town of Chlicola, and attacked without the slightest provocation tile owner ofa field. Four persons were dangerously wounded, and one died." " Man-cating tigers are causing gireat loss of life along the wholo range ot'Nallay Mullay Forest. There were fivo of them. Ono is said to have destroyed 100 people." " Writing fr'om Nuydun'n, 1806, a gentleman says one tigress, in 1867, 'S68, '69, killed respectively 27,441, 4 and 47~-total, 10S- people. This same tiger killed a father, mother', and three children; and the week before she was shot she killed seven people." In lower Bengal I alone, in a period of six years, wore killed by wild beasts 18,401. In Souith Canaree, in July, 1867, forty human beings were killed by wild beasts." Finally, Captain Rlogers concludes by telling us that the Chief Com minssioner of the Central Provinces in his report shows the following terrible returns of human beings killed by tigers :--In 186? 67, 372; 1867-O8, 280; 1808-60, 285; total, 0946. It appears that there are dtliflcul tie?s in the way of killing down these tigers. -First the superstition of the natives, who regard tihe "man eating" tiger as a kind of incarnate and spiteful divinity, whom it is dangerous to offend. Second, the failure of Government rewards. Third, the desire of certain classes in India actually to preserve tigers as game, to be shot with the rifle as a matter of sporlt Captain Rogers exhibited an ingenious self-neting gun for the destruc tion of tigers. An animated discussion followed, in which Lord Napier and Ettriek, K.T., the chairman of the meeting, and other gentlemen connected with India took part. Various remedies were proposed. Among them Mir. Frank B3uckland suggested an organised destruction of the tiger cubs in the breeding season, and the attraction of full growmn tigers to traps, pit-falls, and. other devices, by means of a f drag of valerien, ofe which tigers (which are only gigantic cats) are exceedingly fibond. He defended English sportsmen against the imputation of even connivinlg at the preservation of tigers for sport at the expense of the lives of men, women, and children in India. Finally, a committee of the society was appointed, with the view af calling the attention of the Duke of Argyll and the Government to the neces. sity of organising some means of killing tigersin India. Lady Mayo was present, and expressed to the oflicer of the society her approbation of the proposed anti- tiger movemtent.--.Englise paper. 