MlSgELLAfSEOUS. There is no greater obstacle in the way of ucceBS in life than trusting for something to turn up, instead of geing to work and turning up something. A Ilia. — When the world has once got hold of a lie, ' it is astonishing how hard it is to get it out of the world. You beat it about the head till it seems to have given up the ghost, aud io! the next day it is as healthy as ever. An elderly gentleman, while ccmfortabiy en joying the warmth of his own drawingroom fire, turned his toes out. No reason has as yet been assigned ftfT this barbarous cruelty. — "Punch." The poverty of the family of the limperor Napoleon and of their most distinguished ad it- rents contrasts strongly with the wealth pos sessed by other dispossessed sovereigns, who have evidently been well versed in the art of feather ing nests, it which the Emperor and his imme diate friends were singularly deficient. A patient and devoted administrator, M. Yavin, who un dertook the difficult task of winding up the affairs of the late sovereign's Civil List, is now approaching the end of his labours, and expects to secure for the Empress and her son, when everything is paid up and cleared off, a sum of £120,060, which will give them a safe and certain income, — sufficient, at all events, to keep them from pecuniary embarrassment. Headers of the London papers mast have often aotioed gifts of £1,000 each to different charities announced, and anonymous, save that they are usually ascribed to three letters. It is now be lieved that this munificent donor, whose gifts during one week amounted to £10,000, is one of the nephews and heirs of the late Mr. Bichard Thornton, who left about £4,000,000 sterling. It is strange that the London journals make | no mention of the coming Royal marriage. The best- inforuied foreign papers give very precise details. According to the " Memorial Diplo matique," however, it is not the Duke of Edin burgh, but Prince Arthur, who is to be the husband of the Grand Duchess Maria of Russia. That journal says that the Prince is to go to St. Petersburgh after the return thither of the Emperor of Russia, who is now in Italy. The " Memorial" declares that this union will be due in great measure to the Prince of Wales and his sister-in-law, the wife of the Czarewitch. One of the eminent oculists in London not long since was called in to Bee a curious case, or rather patients, for there were two of them. They were two grizzly bears at the Zoo. and he was asked as & favour to operate upon them for cataract. Chloroform was administered, and the operations were successful, but unluckily one of the patients recovered from the avjcsthesia too quickly, and considerably mauled his keeper. Some tiaic afterwards the same oculist was asked to operate ob one of the tigers, but be respectfully . dec insd the proposal, saying that he must draw the line somewhere, and he drew it at grizaly bears. Swallowing a Fork. — Cipriani, the Floren tine who some months ago swallowed a fork and atti acted the attention of all Europe to his inUrior, is still suffering from the consequences of his imprudent act, and though possibly flat tered at being the object of so much observation, feels that " le jeu ne vaut pas la fourcltette /' and would gladly get rid of the uncomfortable stranger from his inside. The medical profession evince the deepest interest in his case, and the Italian doctors and surgeons are a little hurt at Si gnor Cipriani leaving them to take up his abode in Paris. The Tuscan newspapers hint that if it bo not Dr. Nelaton, it i-, at any rate, one of the first medical men in Paris who has enticed bim thither with the promise of curing him or hand somely remunerating him. We, who are accus tomed to pay doctors, may feel a little surprised at their paying their patient ; but it is scarcely worth while to swallow a fork to ascertain if they would then pay us. — " Pall Mall Gazette," 26th February. hints on conversation. As the subject of the weather has been almost monopolised by conversation clubs, a friend sug gested a substitute to be used in conversation. I Why should not arithmetical observations be used in place of those of a meteorological nature, so as to render unnecessary such time-worn and utterly useless remarks as It is very hot this evening, miss." " Yes, sir. I think it is hotter than it was this morning." " I really believe it is j but it's not as hot as it was last night." " If it is as hot to- morrow, I don't know what I shall do." Hut I don't think it is poseible for it to be hotter than it was yesterday." We have here something both novel and in- | atruotiva to the xniud. For inBt&nce;, people of ordinary culture might thus converge t — '' Good morning, miss. Nine and eight make seventeen." " Yes, sir, they do ; and three from seventeen leave fourteen." And one more will make fifteen." " Yes, sir ; but seven into fifty-three is very difficult." The cat, though now known so familiarly in the East, was alike unknown to the nomadic Jews, and still more strange, was not even mentioned by the classical authors of Greece or Rome. Writing on this subject, the Rev. Canon I Tristram states : — ' Tue cat is not mentioned in either Old or New Testaments, but occurs in Barncb, where it is named among the animais that defile the idols of JBabylon : ' Upon their bodies end heads sit bats, swallows, and bird, and the' oats also.' We know, both from Herodotus and from the mummies in Egyptian tombs, that the ancient Egyptians tamei and employed cats. The ipecies was probably the same as our own (Felis domestica), and derived from the wild cat of Nubia and Abyssinia (Fells maniealata). The Jews, from their intimate connection with Egypt, must have been acquainted with the eat ; but we hare.no indication of their having employed it, and-in the passage in Baruch it seems probable that wild cats are intended. It is curious also that, excepting in connection with Egypt, we have BO allusion to the cat, now as worldwide in its JlatariHntinn &8 the dog, in any classical author either of Greece of Rome. The tame cat is now M Common in Palestine as elsewhere ; and there are also more than one species of wild cat, the most common of which is the booted cat (Felis chaus) , -fhich.is rather a lynx, with short, bushy tail, black fret, and tufts of hair at the extremity of the ears. It is nearly double the size of our cat. Another wild, long-tailed species, too Syrian oat (FeliB Syriaca), more nearly resembles the wild cat of Europe." . fna Laughing Plant. — Palgrave'a work on Oentral and Eastern Arabia furnishes something new fof botanists. A plant is described under h „ 3 'J : . A - / the same name of " laughing plant/' the seeds of which produce effects very much like laughing gas. It grows only in Arabia, attaining a height of only about 6io. at Easeem, while at Oman it rises 3ft. and 4ft., with wide- spreading branches, being woody and the leaves green. Its flowers, in tufts, are yellow. Two or three black eeeds, much like French beans in size and shape, are produced in a soft, woolly kind of a capsule. They have a sweetish taste, with a slight flavour of opium. The odour from them is rather offensive, producing a sickening sensation, eeseEi'l®l property of this extraordinary plant is in the seed, which, pulverised and administered cautiously, soon begins to operate in a way ts create astonish ment. The person begins to laugh boisterously, then be dances, Binge, and cuts fantastic capers of a ludicrous character. Such ex'ravhgancc of manner was never witnessed from any oilier co.»ing» It is uproariously funny i or about an hour. It is a cosnmon amusement to charge food with the powder for the harmless enjoyment of his capering antics. W hen the excitement suosides the exhausted exhibitor falls into a profound slumber. In another hour, ©n waking, he is lotady unconscious of what has occurred. It is a common expression that there is nothing new -under the sun. Surely to men of science this is something new, demand ing their careful investigation of such extraordi nary properties of a vegetable growth that exercise such potent influence over the brain. But it is morally certain that this recently-discovered vegetable growth, so extraordinary in its potent influence on the human brain, is something new to soience, demanding the attention of dispensa tory makers, as well as tb ose professors of Jhaleria Medica who are supposed to know all that is to ba known of plants, from the codirs of Lebanon to the hyssop that springeth out of the wall. 