NOTES FKOM OUll 11ANTAM.. To th. Editor of the Dolby Herald. Sin,— Tho Courier speaks i-Iaatin, Uo fronl ltio taulur of Monday. "Wo horo liavo boon roach edified by tho Fv Tvo how Supron.o Court lately. Of couwo It y . j could it bo othorwwo wlion nobody thora P I hovo boon .tiidying tho rando nothing of it. It oppoor. tomel.ko » onblra o .foblo witliont any npplicotion. lfrrp it u arnra tiacd. tho title Is oopyright, mind i it u »» "Thi election of aludgo-o tragic uw.ro »«»» interest" ActT. — An old gentloromi is tnlcon ili grent eo'notcrnntion in tho city, no boon made for any ono to ouccecd ''' ' ' of the business while ho was sick — (this as an »|ia . forethought on tho part of tlio outhoritioa .'".oA"'1 bio) — oreat congrc.. of oxpootanto, who rid onlo al rival claims, but piously nbjuro any porsonal "I"''" — pawnge at arm. bet.Jwo groat lawyers- roght separates tho co, abatants.Aotir.-Mormug: Kuu o« thnt one Shepherd is to succeed the oW S«"" groat indignation-tongues aroslinrpoiiod. and laggo very like pons in shape, are nervously —(this- by tho way you know, to seo how they would look whon dripping with gore)— grout meet ing, tho head lawyer presiding— arrival of a Govern mcnt despatch — it is opened 'nmidst silenco erul rcml Shepherd is to ascend tho tribune in Jlonmn attitude — ho swears by the Gods, nnd takes In. seab- Grilllth the senator protests, and with nwful throats tho ossomtily disporsos. Act IU.-NigHi Sliop- hord in his study— ho is reading Maoboth —at tlio words, ''Maoboth, sleep no more ho doses, anil finally foils into o doop slrop-tho clock stnkos tho midnight honr-tho lamp burns bluo, whon sneotro ontorb— »tnpproanh«« the sleoper, looks ghostly upon him, lifts his hand oratoricnUy and "Behold mo olad in Lilly white, bearing bmoath thi. arm IWs lcarnod books i noU rag Is said in them of this dread deod, winch in such haslo to-day has boorf accomplished —tho slocper movos unSly nud rauttora, "0 speak to ra. no more, those word, liko doggers ontor to niiuo oarei no moro ! no raorfti"— tho spcotre rcsumos i « tins visita- lion is but to domp thy almost blunted purpose of ndgningraror us-fioar'Jt thou, ray lordf of ro.gn.ng mirm. whioli wo don't understand. Bowaro l to morrow if thou dnrat attorapt it, thou throwest down tho gauntlet of deflano!, which here Ivow to tako- Behold I ray lord, the odds are against you i m tha lists I will appoar duly read up in all tho local lore. Behind me, clasping tight ray waist, npponn, Griffltli, his Tidiont squire. Tho herald Bioko will sound tho trunipot loud, and c'rel'"? round sins strong rosorvo. Hording and Dovitt wiU mnko thy ohooks torn pale. - And who hoot thou to book tlieo up, mv lord t Do not rely on Bran Stono -tlio sleoper here falls into o convnlsivo trembling in tho midst of which tho spectre vanishes, leaving behind him a strong odour of Talloy stagnant water. Act IV —Tho City ! Arrival of suitors expecting thoir cases to ho heard— breathless expectancy of a jolly row-tho funds foil 16 por cent in 20 minutes— tlio eonspirators moot, liquor up, fed tho odgo of thoir tongues, smilo ot oaoli olhor with a ghostly ox- prosslon, and talk in wl.ispora about blood flow)ng cro long — thoy march to tho hall, singing m solo end chorus " Britons novor will bo"— something or other —crowds of oitixons ovorywhoro | thoy cry, tlio hour is como, striko, -bo -firm i.Quoonslnnd oxpoots that every man this day"— tlio romoimng words oro lost in tho loud liuxznhs of tho .Bods— tlio court sits —tlio head lawyer, in fuU costumo, pnlo os Mhos, says, "Whcro is ray lord " hork, whot noiso is that P" — " mako way," tho oitixons cry— " a courier coraos demanding admission to tho court —ho ontors, doliyers a royal Boaled despotoh, and, overoome with his awful oxortions, falls to tho ground— gront sonsa- tion— ho IB rorooyod— tho despatch is oponetl— Bran Stono roods, " My lord says, don't you wish von may got it : I'm off"— groat scono— general nifileo, in tho midst of whioh tho wall behind tho Judleinl bonoh ouddonly opens,, cleft by mysterious hands— tho combatnnts instantly cooso, ond look with astonish ment upon tho ooono— it is a mountain conyulBod with vast internal . agonies, yet none, onn seo tho causo, whon lo ! a horrid creature oroeps with noise less steps from n crofieo in tho mount—" lol says the usher, "see,' hoholil a"mouao 1"— Ct"0,8 'o,-and- 'midat eonvulsivo fits of lmightor, thoy all go homo to lunch)— Latest news j Tho funds are up_ aqain- clio old gentleman is bettor, and Lilly says, if tlio bar wants any moro ghost work dono, somebody olse must do it— Vivnt Begins. N.B.— Tho drama onds at Iho wortl lunoli, ntul I rathor think that I vo un folded too much of tho text: never copyright ; but ono thing more i the fifth act is to bo written when ocean going ships cast anchor in the majo.'tio Broiticr. Liifc.r stills "Lilly is coughing dreadfully, but thcro in no danger at prcsont. —Note by tho author : Should this piece bo pub upon tho stage, tho dress should bo antiquo Roman. I don't see whr »U tho papers should bo poking fun at that illustrious conference which was held lately : it is too bad to say that old Sydney wanted to cot an advantogo, but supposo ho did, is ho not tho venerable parent of tho wholo lot ? But as . to thot Yicky, dont toll mo, I soy oho is getting quito n bold child, mid I don't woudor ot some of tlio rest raying, " if eho io to bo prosont ot noxt porty don t invito So." Sho requires" whipping, and-Sydnoy- ought to horo got her Samuel to do it. She, indeed, that yonng thing, not a quartor ofhor old fnthor's ago, to agreo to carry his lettora ororland in 36 hours, whon thoy are dolivored by sea in 72 hours. Whot a preposterous idoal Whot do wo wont with extra despatch? Suppose the mad to arrive in'Brisbano on Monday roiu-duy, is it to bo cxpebiod that moro than half of it should bo do- lircrcd in tho provinces beforo Wednesday? I should think not indeed. As a Civil servant said onco to a friond of mine, " Do you think wo work at railwny spood down horo ? Wo only rcoaived your lotter a fortnight ago." To bo sure not, it would bo dangerous to overstrain tbo vast excrtiona of our underpaid heads of depaftmonts . Merchants may bo silly onough to answer by return of post, but tho Civil service— bah 1 'twould bo next to suioido to expect it. Now, I rovoretico thot conforanoo, becauso it settled so much business, aud neither colony tried to got the slightest adrantso over the other. I lmve about this being duo to a curious motto whioh was hang over tho President's chair, "do unto othors as ye would havo &o.;, &c.;" I think the harmony was duo to the fucb that the delegates had tracts put into their hands, representing the excellent qualities of good tomplnrism. Tho President was very eloquont. The following part of his speech has. not yet been published : — " Hero is a lot of bones" said ho — or perhaps ho meant to soy it— "some of them have a good lot of meat on thom, but some are rathor dry ; suppose we drew lots for them." "You bo hanged," shouted Yicky, " I'm going to haco first choice," and she got it, though old Sydney protested .against her bold conduct, and our A.H.P. and tho gnllant Molbori slapped him on tho book, saving, "Well done, old man." Aitor all'Qusenelana got a noblo prizo. To her was allotted the right to establish a mail route anywhere, " oven to tho south nolo, said Yicky if she wishes to do so," if— what boundless generosity! — if sho pays for it herself I After that who will not sny that tho youngest daughter is not highly fuvonrod ? Our ministcreVought homo threo bone® wliieh had not boon well picked by somo of tho other colonies beforo thoy wore, taken to tho con ference. They havo been exnminod by the highest of theso bones is said to bo a puzzle, concealing a national question, about whioh our learned men are to write a bill. This bill is to bo submitted to Vioky, old 8ydney, and all tho rest. None of them are to keop it longer than flvo years, so that the world will probably hear something about it ot tho com mencement oftho next century. It Is tobo some thing suporior to the Real Proporly Aot in its ad ministration. Vide; " Merry against anybody," Tho second bono eontains a geometrical problem. Sydney says, Queensland ought not bo bothered with it, she jo too young. Tho problem is as follows " How to make tho most of your neighbours," Tlio solu tion of this problem will bo published, the work boing dedicated to tho banks nnd tho mihing.com- E anios. The third bono is a curious one ; tho Bris- ano Clmmbor of Cotnmorco is supposed to have mado. this thoir_ohiof. study.for.many, years, but .thoir orsolo has never spoken yet. This is tho secret; it has boon costly to proouro, but I don't mind reveal ing ittoyoui "How to conduct your own businoss ha a colony, so as not to.allow old Sydney nnd young Virky-to ride over you," whioh moans don't send two thirds'of your money olsowhoro, whioh by tho exorcise of common sense you may kcop in tlio country. W. Henry is likely to write an rariiy about this bono of contention, showing its" application lo railway plant, stations, stores, &o.;, Ao. I don't liko that plan of pirating, whioh somo news papers hnvo. A man writes a book about minerals —it is tho work of his own brain— ho publishes it oxpocting to realise something, Tomv atupid brain, it rectus as'saorod as a sheep in my neighbour s pad- dook. But, supposo I con buy a elieop for flro shil lings for which, if honorably obtained, I should havo to pay ton, what Ihon ? Somohow it looks rorr liko ponohing, but no doubt I'm a duffer and don't know hotter, ond may bo told that tho laws of honor and' copyright' don't apply in this outlandish oountry. All right, if meum ond fount are not recognised here, I mean to go over to tho noxt paddock ; tlioro is com/ there, and won't I carry away a lot, that's oil;'/ Sydney nnd Melbourne papers pay for thoir, tales, and - And thot it answers, thoir purposo. 