THE MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. (From the Baily Netos. February 20.) THE Married Women's Property Sill, which . occupied the attention of the House of Coni Í mons yesterday was not a measure to enact ! that married women ought or ought not to have any ownership of property. A chance visitor to ono of the galleries, who did not hear the whole of thc debate, might easily have fancied that some such fundamental question was at issue. But there was nothing of the kind. Tho principle that a married woman may have the ownership of property has already been recognised in a variety of ways. It was specially acknowledged by the Act which passed in 1870. That Act it was the endeavour of yesterday's measure to amend. For the Married Women's Property Bill of 1870 underwent a fate that can hardly he called uncommon in our legislation. It went in£at one end of our Parliamentary machine with symmetrical pro- portions, and it came out at tho other end distorted and mutilated. The Recorder of London had brought in the bill*fuv the simple pni-pose of enabling married women to become capable of holding and acquiring property, of suing , and being sued. 'The "bill passed the B ouse of Commons, and went up to the House of Lords. The Lords so " amended'' the bill as almost entirely to deprive vomenof tho com- mon law rights which it sought to confer. It was then, however, too late in tho session to think of any practical restoration of the original form, and the measure, even aa transfigured, had at all events the merit of acknowledging the principle which the promoters of the reform desired tosceestablished. It was tboughtthcre fore better to accept tho bill as it stood for tho hour, and trust to chance of amending it upon some future occasion. Tho bill, there- fore, which ,Mr. Hinde Palmer brought in yesterday, was in substance a measure to re- store tho original proportions of the scheme, and to give thus to married women that right in Common Law, for the establishment of which even the House of Lords were willing to concede to them increased facilities in equity. Such was the simple question which tho House had to discuss yesterday, and which became involved in many preposterous presumptions, and ' obscured by many bewildering ar- guments, Mr. Hindo Palmer carried the second reading of the bill by a con- ' sidei-ablc majority, after a struggle which resembled some of tho efforts of Dante to make his way in tho mystic and hopeless regions, with tho ghosts of old fallacies and the impish forms of bailling paradoxes obstructing his pro- gress at every step.' . JNo ono had much to say in favour of tho Act of 1870. That Aot found simplicity* it substituted complication. It found, clear' ness ; lt substituted confusion. It found a "measure specially deigned to aa J -1 sist the_ poor ; it substituted provi- sions which gave relief only to the rich. j ' The bill as thus altered did in principia all that tho extremest advocates of the old- ?' fashioned systems could objeot to ; for it con* "2 ceded the principle of a married woman's right' of property. But it t hecked and confined this right.within somauylimitations,madeitdepen dent on such capricious conditions, and inter- posed so many barriers between the right, even where acknowledged, and its enforcement, that in this short and busy life. a woman would be . more comfortable if absolutely deprived of all claim to her own .property, than thus perplexed by the solution ' of a bewildering riddle. The whole measure was like one of those ingenious schemes of political reform which we used to find abunduntly a few years ugo, the whole object whereof seemed to bo to devise some plan by which a popular franchise might" be at once offered and withheld, one clause conceding the franchise, and the next endeavouring to render the concession unavailable. As Mr. x Hinde Palmer, Mr. Osborne Morgan, and other speakers showed, tho Act of 1870 literally bristled with ' errors and anomalies. But whatever were tho defects of the Act, it had a certain purpose for its basis, and very few of those who took part in tho debate of yesterday seriously talked of over-ruling that purpose. There were, indeed, one or two speakers who boldly acknowledged that they. would gladly, if they could, repeal the Act of 1870 altogether, and revoke all that kind of. legislation of which, with whatever errors and blunders, it is an illustration. But there was no combined and practical movement that way, and therefore tho dispute ought to have been limited to a very simple issue. It was no fault of tho promoters of the measure if wc bad yesterday a farrago o£ conicctures us to what woujd. happen if a married woman owning a bouse chose io bring an action of ejectment against her husband ; if an unmanageable dame determined to open a shop in opposition to her husband ; if another nundy lady insisted on going into partnership in business with her malo cousin ; and so on. We are tolerably familiarized with all this sort of thing whore any debate on the position of married women has to bo intro- duced ; and people would, perhaps, have felt that there was somethiiur unusual yesterday if these agreeable diversons had been wanting. In fact, no question of principle was really involved. The only point fairly at issue was whether, having distinctly acknowledged the rights of a certain class, it is not wi°e to make the assertion of tho rights as straightforward and simple a process as possible. It is perfectly true, as Mr Lopes and other members urged, that all such measures tend to increase thc possibilities of litigation. Such ÍH, indeed, the melancholy tendency of all reforms which recognise the freedom, and the rights of any class of human beings. Absolute slavery alone, tho positivo absence of any right whicn any other class is bound to respect, can secure superior persons against thc possibility of being troubled by the legal assertion of the claims of weaker persons. But such argu- ments as this, however indiKputablo their basis of fact, came much too late yesterday. They ought to havo been pleaded (indeed, wo must admit that they were pleaded) against the bill of 1870, when it came down amended from the House of Lords. 