auffn.1 ':.ve.,faggaev»?«v.wtJigfS»Ji»BgaMMgawM— —— — — driputl fjorteg. CHRISTICRUX. a sermon in verse. By J. STIRLING MURE, Author of " First Fruits," &c.; No. VI. With serpent hiss is raised the crest of sin While springs of venom issue from within ; Man's hellish rage like billows leaps on high In madness, tlireat'ning Him who rules the sky. T'uo cross appears, from thence, .the branch is Hung By love's soft force those bitter floods among. Hear now ye deaf ; attend ye blind, and view God's double gift of love to all— to you. From fount Divine, see grace and mercy spring, And health and peace to humble spirits bring ; "Poor Joseph,"— thus these heavenly gifts received, When, cross-ward looking, all lie did — believed. Then love to God and men at once awoke, And glory's self on that poor darkling broke. Hear how. ye young, with morning freshness filled/ On you be dew from Orient sweets distilled, The joys by wisdom lield, in rich increase Be yours while walking in the paths of peace ; Nor you, ye deeper grooved in earth's low sphere Where toils for bread or fame expand the year, Refuse the still small voice that speaks within Of life florescing from forgiven sin ; Oh happiest life ! oh blest beyond compare, Are men redeemed, who its fruition share ; Remorse's withering fires at once go down, When love's cool floods their withering tortures drown, All cliarmful power ! the bitterest can trans mute, And ashes change to Canaan's pleasant fruit. 'This gracious power, ye Gospel heralds preach, In every land its blessed wonders teach ; In Britain's fanes, on wild Australia's plains, Like glorious sunshine, blent with soft'ning rains, Let God's best gift its balmy joy impart, And smile to heal the sinner's wounded heart. " The woman's Seed shall bruise the serpent's head," . In primal age to trembling man was said ; As when the Hebrew youth in times bygone, Slew great Goliath with a slirig and stone. So by the cross the powers of evil fell, And swept confusion o'er tlie hosts of hell. On every nation horror brooded long ; Vice, superstition, bloodshed, wrong, The world, God's house, by various crimes defiled, Sank alien to Him like a guilty child. But by the cross that kingdom shook to fall, Which satan by his arts imposed 011 all. Jn that dread day, when Jesus went to die, Exulting passed the herald angels by Th' awakening peal to sound, that now had come, The hour when heathen oracles struck dumb Should flee each priest from every falling shrine, For lo, earth's worship must, O Christ, be thine. Where high in vaulted outline, black as night, Death spreads his arms and wings — a hideous sight, In moral blackness, shrouding all beneath, Which years to other ages might bequeath ; Shot from the cross— behold a heavenly ray, that soon shall chase all heathen gloom away. -On China's hills, 011 India's teeming soil, Where Christian hearts at idol horrors boil ; O'er every isle the wide Pacific laves, Where man-fed monsters gloat in bone-heaped caves : 'The powers of darkness see, their force resign, And for their scattering subjects vainly pine ; On you too, Israel's seed, the Light shall pour, His soft'ning beams unfelt by you before. Then shall the prophet's words, long unfulfilled, Anew your hope of glorious progress build ; When neath the cross each melting heart shall mourn, And by His Son, to God in truth return. Repentance, fit attendant on our Lord, appear ! With grace reflected in thy glistening tear, Let meek compunction spread from thee around Till the rich fragrance savour sin's foul wound, Till nations drawn around the cross shall know Thy power to make celestial sorrow flow. Converted, born again, alive to God, From conscience lifted ofF guilt's awful load ; Red wrath extinct— heaven's brightness brought to view, Has this great change been wrought in me — in you? Rejoice ye saints, by God's good spirit led, The good of goods is yours — life from the' dead ; To life, from death restored, now, now let me From sin and all that's God-displeasing, flee ; Christ- saved, cross- bearing, let my deeds declare That in His death and life I have a share. No barren faith, good Lord, may I profess, Myself required — ne'er may I offer less ; As when the seed to earth committed dies, And from the root fair flower and fruit arise. So thro the death of flesh and sense, may I .Spread forth the verdure of good works on high Thro summer's prime to autumn's mellow stage, To work for Jesus let my life engage. (To be continued.) A correspondent of the Guardian points out that if Dr. Manning is not to be credited with the dictum about "dogma triumphing over history," at any rate he (or his friends for him) cannot disown the kindred sentiment now transcribed : — "The doctrines of the Church in all ages are primitive. It was the charge of the Reformers that the Catholic doctrines were not primitive, and their pretension was to revert to antiquity. But the appeal to antiquity is loth a treason and a heresy. It is a treason because it rejects the divine voice of the Church at this hour, and a heresy because it denies that voice to be divine. How can we , know what antiquity was, except through the Church? .... Historical evidence and biblical criticism are human, after all, and amount at most to no more .than opinion, probability, human judgment, human tradition. — Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost, pp. 226-7. 