The Storyteller. HUNTING A SHADOW. CHAPTER XIV. BY M. E. K. VICTORINE spent a delightful morning in the picture gallery with Lord Wilcox. The good-<*> natured nobleman—for such he was, despite his foppery—cheered up amazingly when he found that Arthur was to be left behind. He did the agreeable to the utmost of his ability, said a thousand flattering things, sauntered about with Yietorine on his arm, and was in a state of Elysium. Lord Wileox knew nothing of pictures; his ■mall world of whiskers and white kid gloves, and scent-bottles, and cambric handkerchief!, oould not admit so great a thing as Art. Art was a dead letter to him; but Love, who can creep through the smallest aperture, had crept into Lord Wilcox's heart, and just now was playing a desperate game with his sensibilities. He was head over ears in love. It was for the twentieth time, at least, for a pretty face bad always turned his brain; but still it was twenty times stronger than ever it had been before. He had made up his mind to marry Viotorine— that is to say, if she would have him, and he rattier thought she would. He thought she would because, in the first place, he had a title, and none of Yiotorine's relatives had ever yet boasted that honor. Then he had estates in Devonshire, and that was another fact in his favor. Then he was not bad looking—•—hem!—he had always cultivated his personal appearance. His hair was modish in the extreme; his eyes were decidedly bril liant j his whiskers—they were unexceptionable —not a word could be said against his whiskers. Decidedly he was the most eligible person she was ever likely to meet with; and therefore, like a sensible woman, Victorine was sure to accept But he was not intending to make her an effer ia public—he was not gobg to blurt out, "Will you marry me?" after the fashion of John and Joan—no such thing; he was intend f ing to proceed in the most delicate and refined manner. He would write down the offer on paper—not on a great sheet like a sail, but on pink note-paper, scented, embossed, cream-laid, superfine, and with a pen dipped in ottar of roses. It should be a dainty little offer, daintily presented. But what to say was the difficulty, after all; it must resolve itself, deipite his horror of John and Joan, into the plain matter of-fact, "Will you marry me ?" Pshaw! Why heed it, when the whole English language is open to him, and Lord Wileox looks upon him self as an excellent scholar, and forgets how, not very long ago, he was plucked at College? However that may be, behold him, one fine morning, sitting down to write his pink note. He locks himself in the study, the mo<t retired room in the house, and gives strict orders not to be disturbed. He begins to write. A hand organ in the street drives him nearly distracted. He fees the man handsomely, and gets rid of him. Then follow all the street cries in succes sion. What an insufferable nuisanoe! He gets enraged, and sighs for an Aot of Parliament. But his note does not progress an inch—how should it P He will run down into Devonshire. One cannot even write a love-letter in this great, noisy, riotous London! So the next day, down he drives into the country, taking the "Complete Letter- writer" with him. It does not fare much better with him here, though there are no noises to disturb him. He has other difficulties to contend with, and other knotty points to settle. How shall he begin? The "Complete Letter-writer" does not enlighten htm on this subject quite so much as might be expected. It cannot he plain " my dear "—that would be detestable. John would have addressed Joan as " my dear." Oh, no, Lord Wileox has a better idea in his head than that. But the idea, whatever it is, is very slow in coming. He scribbles little bite of paper all over with divers forms of address. "Beautiful" would be too hackneyed; anybody might be beautiful. "Divine" would be sEghtly profane. "Adorable" would be too frensied. How shall he begin P And he passes his hand through his hair, and spoils his pretty dandified curls, in utter bewilderment of mind. At length, like a sky-rocket, that shoots straight up to the clouds, and then falls down again as suddenly, poor Lord Wileox had to drop down on the veritable " my dear" he had been so much reviling. "My dear Viotorine." There was no help for it, and really it did not look amiss. Well, what shall he say next ? His brain will be prettily fagged before that pink sheet is creditably filled. It is desperately hard work. The pink note now became the serious occupa tion of hii life. He ran backwards and for wards to town, and then returned to plunge into his solitude, and the " Complete Letter writer." It gave quite a sett to the ordinary routine of his existence. He even forgot his whiskers and his soent-bottles. The pink note was progressing favorably the day of his taking Yictorine to the picture gallery ; and while its author harried back to give it a finishing touch, Yiotorine had reaohed home, and was startled by the news of the acci dent that had just happened in the park. The news was suddenly told to her by Grace, whose eyes were swelled by crying, and who seemed in a state of terrible alarm. 11 Oh, Yiotorine, he has seen her again!" " Whom has he seen ? What is the matter, Grace?" "The dead woman!— Arthur, I mean ; they were driving in the park," sobbed Oraoe, who at no time paid much respect to her nominatives. " Constance!" said Viotorine. "Yes, if that is her name," replied Grace. I hate her, I am sure, natty, horrid thing! And then Arthur mtut needs drive on after her like mad, and they all got upset together. He is in suoh a way, wone than ever." "But mamma, mamma!" cried Viotorine,im patiently. "Mrs. Ferrars has been thrown out and nearly frightened to death—nothing else," said Grace. "But do go to Arthur, he is like any one craxy, and will not hear a word I have to say." " I will go to mamma first, if you please," said Yictorine, coldly. "But Arthur!" said Grace. " Arthur must wait my convenience; he has done mischief enough for one day," said Yicto rine, in the same ioy toue. She then quitted the room without a word of sympathy or consolation. Arthur, meantime, was pacing up and down the library, impatient for Yictorine's return. Impatient to entreat her pardon, and to hear her consoling voice. That she would console him he had no doubt i that she would reason with him calmly and patiently as ever. It never occurred to Arthur that this tot act of wild neM and delirium might possibly stagger the faith even of Viotorine. He had accustomed himself to think of her as so entirely his own, of her loyalty to him as so paramount and stead fast a thing. The very foundations of the earth oould sooner giro way than that She was all he had to rely upon—she would surely come. He fancied he heard her footsteps, and opened the door. But it was only the servant in at tendance on Mrs. Ferrari. His anxiety about Mrs. Ferrari had subsided when he knew she was uninjured. The strange predicament in which he himself was placed absorbed every feeling. How he wished Yictorine would come 1 But Victorine did not come. She had returned from the picture gallery, but had gone imme diately to her mother. This was right and natural, and it would hare been unlike Yictorine not to have done so. Arthur restrained himself, and tried to think the moments less intolerable. Yictorine and her mother had much to forgive; he oould not break in upon them; he must wait their leisure. But it was a bad season for wait ing, with his brain on fire, and a thousand tumultuous emotions tossing and struggling within him; with the remembrance—vivid as life —of that glorious face and those golden tresses, and with his reason to tell him that all was a delusion, that nothing was real, except that she was dead; that the face and hair were as unreal as a dream; that it was no Constance—how oould it be P—but a monstrous phantasm that had gained the mastery over him, and was lead ing him he knew not where, he dared not even think. Still Yietorine did not come; she had left her mother, and was gone into her own room, ■o Grace told him, to read a note some one had brought. Arthur grew impatient. How oould she delay for a trifle like that?—some invi tation to an evening party, or some slight inter change of politeness. Surely it might have been passed over on an occasion like this. He is weary of this endless waiting; he will go to her. She is in her boudoir, and he has been admitted there before j and he goes, in a tumult of agitation, expecting her to calm it down, and restore him to some degree of com posure. She is sitting at the table writing, answering the note evidently, for it lies before her, a little scented frippery of a note, of no oonseqaenee at all. He could have taken it op and eruahed it in his hand, so angry he felt that such a trifle should intervene between them at such a moment, and turn off the tide of thought and consideration from himself and his pressing emergency. Yictorine was pale, but there was a brightness in her eye that startled him, an expression he had never seen before. And he had never seen before the smile with whioh she rose to meet him. It was extraordinary for Yictorine's face to wear such a smile as that. " Why did not you come to meP" he asked, half-reproachfully. H Because I was otherwise engaged," she re plied, and she pointed to the note. " But when I was so ill," said Arthur," and so utterly distracted, you might have spared me these moments of anxiety." " Mamma is ill, too," replied Yietorine, coldly; " and I was anxious to finish my note and return to her." "But will you not reason with me, Victo rine P" cried Arthur, alarmed at her coldness. "Do not turn away from me. I have never needed your sympathy so much as I do now." " My sympathy will do jou but little service," replied Viotorine, her face perfectly calm and unmoved j and we must seek another remedy than that of mere reasoning. Reasoning has not done muoh for you at present" " Yon are angry with me, Victorine, I see you are." " I shall be obliged by your leaving me at this moment j to-morrow we will disouss the point," she replied, folding up her note, and pausing as if wishing him to leave the room before she directed it. There was a quiet resolution in her manner that admitted of no opposition. Arthur left her, with a strange sinking of heart, a feeling as though all were lost, as though some precious link were broken that never oould be united again. He retired to his own room to pass the day as best he could. There was no Victorine to whisper hope and comfort, and to sing to him with that syren voice of hers. It was strange to have her fail him j u st now. But the morrow came at last. Arthur rose with a sensation of pain and unrest, as if he must that day meet some new and untried evil. He and Victorine were to discuss the point, and he should hear his fate from her own lips. He desired an early interview, for he longed to tell her what he was suffering, and Yictorine granted his request. Chafebb XV. Whbn Arthur entered the library, Yictorine was there, seated at her work as tranquilly as if nothing had happened. Arthur had been used to read to her while ahe worked, and the book lay upon the table. It only needed for him to sit down and find the place, and the old happy days would run on their course again. There was no apparent let or hindrance. Yictorine was not a hair the worse for yester day's alarm and agitation. Her face was clear and bright as ever, her eyes sparkling, her dress arranged with the same scrupulous nicety. And she had no reproach ; her cheerful "good morning " did not savour anything but friendli ness. She even gave him her hand, and it was firm and steady ; not a nerve unhinged. " Have you forgiven me, Viotorine ?" he aaked. " I have nothing to forgive. Misfortune is no crime," she replied, quietly. Arthur trembled. The words of separation were not yet spoken; but something whispers that they will be, and that speedily. "You have more than once adviaed me to consult a phyiioian," «aid he, trying te oommand hia voice, " and I have foolishly refused. I will do it now, as soon as you please." " That must be as you please," said Yiotorine, in a tone of indifference. " But you with it, do you not ?" he asked. " For your own sake I do," ahe replied. " Yiotorine!" he exclaimed," for heaven's sake do not speak so coldly!" She made no reply, but continued her work without moving a muaole of her face, or betray ing the least emotion. Arthur's heart, on the contrary, was like a stormy sea. Love, fear, grief, passionate regret, and wild vague longing, tortured him beyond the limit of endurance. "Do not forsake me, Yictorine, or you will drive me to despair!" said Arthur. " Bear with me a little longer, and this delusion will cease. You told me, yourself, it would." Yictorine shook her head. 11 It will, indeed," he continued. tt Only give me time. We shall get into serener skies presently," he added, trying to speck cheerfully, and repeating her own words. " Sertner ikies!" said Victorine. « Arthur, you are dreaming!" " Tee, dearest—dreaming of happy days to come," replied Arthur, drawing nearer, and try ing to take her hand. "Of home, and domestic joys, and a forgetfulness of this dreary past I shall have but one thought then, Victorine— how to make up to you for this ; how to make your life a glad and happy one. Will you not give me your hand ?" " No, Arthur," said she, laying down her work, and looking him steadily in the face. " You must remember I have a duty to perform to mjself as well as to you. To stake a lifetime on the mere hasard of your recovery is too wild a sacrifioe for you to require, or for me to make." "But would it be a sacrifice?" he asked. "Do you not love me P The whole treasure of my affection is yours. I shall live but for you. You may safely trust me, Yictorine. Only make the venture, and see if you will not be repaid. It is your womanly fear makes you hesitate." "I do not fear—it is a feeling unknown to me," said Yictorine, half contemptuously. " I can meet any ordinary evil without shrinking, but here is one so frightful that I confess I dare not" "Tell me! What is itP Ido not see it," said Arthur, smiling. "Did the thought never strike your 4* said Yictorine, looking enquiringly at him. "No, never," he replied; "I wish to hear it" Mltis an evil—a curse—the greatest that can happen to us," exclaimed Yietorine, in a tone of unusual vehemenoe; "it would break up our home, sever every link that binds us, unloose us from our haven, and drive us out upon a wilder sea than any we have yet encountered. It would entail on us and ours a remediless woe. I cannot—dare not do it" " But I do not understand you," cried Arthur. "What woeP What curse? Whose?" "The woe—the ourse of madness, Arthur — and it is yours," said Yietorine, with unwonted abruptness. "Mine!" he exclaimed «O heavens! lam not mad! No.no! Do not tell me lam mad!" "How can I think otherwise?" said Yieto rine. "Do sane men rave as you do P Do they follow after phantoms, to the hasard even of their lives ? Do faoss rise up before them, and bewitch them out of their very reason ? No, Arthur, it is madnesa, deliberate madness!" She spoke every word with terrible distinct ness } her keen, clear eye fixed upon him as if it searched him through. TLere was no pity in her look; it was cruel, remorseless. It wounded him to the soul; it broke his very heart " And having this madness upon you," she oontinued, in the same unfeeling tone," canyon ask me to link my fate with yours P Can you, as a man of honor, hind me to my engagement, and drag me from my home to toss and ship wreck on that stormy sea P" "You are deceived, Yietorine, indeed you are," said Arthur. " The adventure of yester day was a mere accident j a mistake, it may be, of identity. It may have been a mistake of identity aU along. Such things have been. My puke is as steady as your own. Look at me; hear me talk. Do I look or speak like one thai is mad?" M Not when the paroxysm is over," she replied, " but who knows how soon it may return P how •oon that spectral face may not appear to un settle your reason, and bring back all this misery? But yesterday, Arthur, and this face might have deprived me of a mother." Arthur turned away in silent anguish, and Yietorine went on, " You will not refuse me the means of escape from so pressing an evil, Arthur. You cannot insist on our marriage, now." " I do not insist," he replied | "I should be ungenerous and infamous to do so. I did but appeal to your affection, Yictorine ; it rested en tirely with that." " Then I may consider myself free," said Yie torine, with a touoh of exaltation in her manner. " With your consent, the tie between us is an nulled, and our engagement at an end* Is it not so P" " If you wish it—if—l cannot say the words. Ah, Yictorine, if you had been the afflicted one," said Arthur, in a tone of deep feeling, " should I have acted in so summary a manner ?" " I am prompt by nature; it is one of my characteristics," she replied, quickly ; " besides, what motive is there for deby, except to blight my prospects as well as your own P" Arthur was silent He was amaied at her coldness and insensibility. Oould this be Yicto rine ? What a metamorphosis had taken place stnoe yesterday! " Yes, you are free, Yietorine," said he, with dignity. " I would rather sacrifioe my happi ness a hundred times than oast a blight on yours. My infirmity shall no longer perplex and weary you. In the solitude of my own home I will bear it as best I can. Farewell, Victorine!" " Stay one moment, Arthur. I regret I can not return your letters; I have destroyed them ; but may I beg the favor of my own ? Our cor respondence has not been very large," she said, with a wintry smile. Arthur mechanically took from his pocket the few letters he had received from her. She almost snatched them from his hand, and threw them into the flames. " I am glad to hear you hint at leaving town," she said, stirring the fire lest a single scrap should escape; "your disease has made con siderable progress since you oame." " Viotorine!" cried Arthur, in astonishment, " where is your affection ? Have you no pity not a single thought for my unhappy fate ?" " I have never made feeling my guide," she replied. " She is too unsteady, and too little to be trusted. My judgment tells me what is the I best course to be adopted. This is the chain you gave me," she added, taking it from her neck, and laying it down before him. Arthur looked at her in wonder. She met his look without shrinking. There was not a trace of compassion—nothing to remind him that she bad ever loved him. That had been one of his delusions. He was always to be mocked by a phantom. " And this is how we part!" he cried, con fronting her with a glow of indignatioa on his cheek. " Yon might have severed the tie more tenderly. You might have expresaed some con cern for the dark history that lies before me. It may be I have tried your affection too ee verelj; and if so, you are amply revenged." Victorine made no reply, but returned to her work with the utmost composure. Arthur was nothing to her now. She had done with him. This chapter was ended, and she had begun a new one, with a better subject and more brilliant prospects. The time was gone by for her to mini«t*F to his wounded mind. She had done it well and skilfully while there was an object } but now her ministrations had oeased for ever. Let him go home and lose himself in hopeless pining! for the dead. She was oentent that. Constance should remain the mistress of the field, sines defeat was the best victory. It was time the interview should end, and Arthur turned to leave the room. But just at this moment Lord Wileox entered it, his face radiant with smiles. He, at all events, was well contented with his destiny. His pink note had found a response, and he was coming, in the plenitude of his joy, to pour out a flood of honied words and expressions of delight. Yio torine had aooepted him, and there was sunshine for him everywhere that morning. He cannot see the storm-cloud on Arthur's brow, and he bows, and speaks kindly to him, lunatic as he is, for he has not heard of yester day's disaster. Arthur's jealousy was roused in a moment. He felt enraged that this fop should thrust himself in just then. He hated Yietorine to smile upon him, and receive him so cordially. He detested the suspicious thought that all along this man might have been his rival. He forgot that Yietorine had been released from her engagement, and he determined wrathfully to stay it out, and not leave her to complete her conquest. Lord Wileox was in an awkward predicament, between his dread of the lunatic, and his eager ness to pour out his heart to Yktorine. He stood a few momenta, undecided what to do. Then the feelings of the lover predominated, and he went up to Yietorine, took her hand, and kissed it. No one but a lunatic, he thought, would have remained after such a hint as that, or after Lord Wileox, in utter contempt of Arthur's presenoe, and seeming to ignore it, seated himself by Yiotorine, and began to whisper words meant for her ear alone. And Yiotorine smiled, and blushed, and maintained her composure as if the event was by no means unexpected. But Arthur still sat on, as if some spell had bound him there. Was it possible • Did she love this man ? or did his eyes deceive him, and did some strange fatality make shadows assume the appearanoe of realities P He would stay to hear more, but this Yietorine did not intend. " Mr. Leslie," said she, with cool politeness* " may I request a favor of you *" " What is that, Miss Femurs P" he asked. How strangely these unwonted titles sounded, and how difficult it seemed to pronounce them! " That you will have the goodness to leave us," she replied. Leave aw/ Then, by her own confession, they were linked together, these two, in interest, in affection, soon it might be in name! Arthur's head seemed to reel, and sparks of fire to flash from his eyes. Leave «#/ That was more than he could bear} and to think that, all along, this mine had been working under his feet, and he had never known it 1 Yietorine would not have hatched up the story of his madness but for the sake of this lord, this thing of whiskers and perfume! Arthur's indignation got the better almost of his reason—certainly of his self oommand. " I congratulate you, my lord," said he, in • tone of bitter saroasm; " some half hour ago, Miss Ferrers was my affianced bride | now, it seems, she is yours. The facility with which the lady has transferred her affections is mar vellous. You would hardly think such a thing were possible." " Mr. Lintwood," said Lord Wileox, rising in great agitation, " Miss Ferrars shall not be in* suited in my presence." "Insulted! Ah, Yietorine, that the time should ever come when I am accused of insult ing jou!" cried Arthur changing his tone to one of deep sadness. " You know better than I can remind you what we have been to each other. Tell Lord Wileox how we have loved, and were to have been united, but for the acci dent of yesterday, and his stepping in between us." M Yietorine," cried Lord Wiloox, turning to her with a look of intense anxiety. Yietorine drew herself up cold and stately, her face as white as marble. " He is mad, my lord," said she, in a tow tone, "mad." "No, I am not mad!" cried Arthur, indig nantly i " it is you, Yietorine, who are unjust." M You had better leave us," said Lord Wileox, placing himself between Arthur and Yietorine. " I wish you well and kindly, but do not presume too much on my compassion." " Compassion! Your oompsardon! Yours!" exdaimed Arthur, haughtily. " Yes, mine, Mr. Lintwood," said he. "I have the deepest pity for you, but this lady is under my protection, and if you molest her I will not answer for the oonsequenees." "Yietorine! Yiotorine!" cried Arthur, in a tone of anguish. Yietorine made no reply. Her head drooped until it seemed to rest on Lord Wiloox's shoulder. " Leave us!" repeated Lord WQcox, in a oom manding tone, and pointing to the door. " Yietorine," said Arthur, utterly disregard ing him, " are vows and promises of so little moment ? Pause and think before you do me such a grievous wrong." There was no need for Yietorine to pause and think. She had considered every step of her way too welL This dilemma did not take her by surprise. The little word " mad," whispered in Lord Wiloox's ear, solved what would have seemed a mystery to him. It was a word of terrible import, but it ex plained the meaning of Arthur's declaration. He was mad, and madness can coin relationship at pleasure. He was greatly to be pitied. No affliction could be heavier than this infirmity of mind. But the current of affairs must go past him. He could not be permitted to trifle with the happiness of others, especially with the happiness of Yietorine. And Yiotorine's manner set Lord Wileox at rest with regard to het affection for himself. Nothing could be more delightful than to have h«r clinging to him in her womanly fear and embarrassment. To have the pressure of his hand returned and his glance met with suoh confiding tenderness. Yes, she loved him, and who was this madman that the should thrust himself between them. He must be removed. Stringent measures must be taken, and suoh a scene as this must never be permitted to recur again. But the madman is gone. He had waited for Yiotorine to speak, but she maintained that cruel, inflexible silence, and he had taken bis departure, and she and Lord Wiloox were left alone. Lord Wileox'i whole manner was ohanged. The circumstances of the day had called out his manly feelings. He was resolved to protect Yietorine from the slightest breath of wrong or insult, and his foppery was thrown aside. "Do not alarm yourself, Yiotorine," said he. It shall never happen any more. Only leave it tome." "But what shall you doP" mid Victorine, anxiously. She wm sitting on the tola, deadly pale, and with her hands tightly clasped together. M Tell me, tell me, what shall 70a dot 1* MWe had better dismiss the subject," said Lord Wileox • yon have suffered enough from the vagaries of this madman. It is time he came into my hands.** Vietorine shuddered. Lord Wileox, put upon his metal* was no foppish fool, as she and Arthur had imagined. Bhe had pasted into his hands, too, and he was not to be trifled with. "His father was my father's friend," said •he, almost beseechingly, for a touch of remorse stung her to the heart % "be tender with him* Francis." She had never called him by his name before, and his face lighted up with happiness. He sat down by her, and began to tell her how he loved, her and how—— Bat Yiotorine stopped him abruptly, with the air of a person whose mind is riveted on something else. " About Arthur P" she said. " What do you mean t You hint mysteriously." \- 1 mean," said Wileox, firmly, "that this madman shall not be a foil to us any more. Society demands that he be plaoed in ward, and he shall be, before another day goee over our heads." "Good heavens, my lord!" exclaimed Vie tonne. " Dearest Yietorine," said he, and he took her M Do not deprive him of his liberty," said Yie torine. "He is harmless. He is only deranged on one subject—that of Constanoe." " And of yourself. We have had proof of that," said Lord Wileox, hastily. Yietorine turned paler still. The walls seemed to dose round her. Lord Wileox thought she was going to faint, and supported her in his arms. "You shall have no trouble, dearest," said he. "You and your mother shall leave town for a few hours, and when you return-^—" " Arthur will be gone!" said Yietorine, in a strange suppressed voice. "Mr. Lintwood will be gone," repeated Lord Wileox, with emphasis; "itis no difficult task to prove him a lunatic, and deal with him ac cordingly. Yiotorine breathed short and quick. M From what I have seen myself," continued Lord Wileox, " and from what you have told me, the ease is dear enough. His seeing a phantom—hi* conduct this morning-—" " Yes, yes, we need say no more," cried Yie torine, hurriedly. " I leave him in your hands —only do not let me " "Be harrassed," said Lord Wileox. "No, that you shall not. You need not think a single thought further on the subject, nor will I say another word. I would rather speak on a more interesting topic than Mr. Lintwood." "Pardon me," said Yietorine, faintly. "I am overcome with the terror of this morning. My nerves are shaken. I would rather have a little time for rest and consideration." " You shall have every time, dearest," said Lord Wiloox, rising. "Do not look so pale," he continued. "This will soon be forgotten. I shall not leave the house until——" Yiotorine turned away, and Lord Wileox did not finish the sentenoe. He went out with a cheerful step, and full of the important business that lay before him. He little dreamed of the feelings that agitated Yietorine. She had not anticipated such, a cli max as this. The worst she had '"sgined was Arthur's return home, a disappointed and heart ■trioken man. But to take away his liberty—to stamp him with the brand of msdnoes T Alas for Arthur! Oimn XTI. " Gm> enough I thill be to leavethis horrid place!" said Grace to herself, m die knelt down before her trunk and pecked all her smart elothee into it. " One cannot get a rag washed decently! What a oolor my pookethanderehiefs are, to be snre! Bat about poor Arthur v the worst. That bad, abominable woman! I told him all along how it would be, only he ne?er would believe me. Bat it has come out now, just as it did about Martha stealing the pre serves, and Arthur was quite as obstinate about that. However, we are going home to-day, that is one comfort, and Mr. Lodge"—here Grace's face cleared up a little, and she rose, and began to try on a new bonnet that lay on the bed—" but it is of no use being smart, now,** she added, with a sigh, and taking it off again; " I must get Arthur well the first thing. It is a thousand pities he ever painted that dead woman} he his never been the same since. Heigho! I wonder how the servants have been going on! that good-for-nothing, lasy——" " Grace!" said a voice behind her. "Good gracious! is that you, YietoriaeP" and she let fall the lid of her trunk with a loud noise. " What do you want with me ?" This was said roughly enough, but Yictorine took no notice of Grace's manner, or of the flush of anger that overspread her face. She seated herself as quietly as ever, and began to say, " I wanted to speak to you, that is all." "Well, speak on then, and after that, I will say my say," said Graoe, looking her box, and sitting down on it with a bang t " now then ?" " You will have the goodness to oonduot yourself properly while you are in my home, Graoe," said Yietorine, sternly. " I shall not remain in your house long, that I oan tell you, nor Arthur either. It is a great pity for him that we ever came into it at all!" cried Grace, jerking herself violently. " It is a pity you ever did," said Yietorine. "Yes," said Grace t "who would have thought it? That you would have jilted him for the sake of that " " You will please hear what I have come to say, and spare me your own reflections,'* said Yictorine, in a tone of authority, and with a flash in her eye that had before oowed Graoe so completely. " This is, lam rejoiced to think, the last time that I shall be subjected to your rudeness and insolence." "Very complimentary, on my word!" said Grace, tossing her head; "however, we shall soon be gone. Arthur is as impatient as lam. I dare say he will not regret what has happened, bat marry a much better wife in the end." " Arthur will not return with you," said Yic torine, a flush rising to her cheek, and then leaving it deadly pale. " Will not, I say!" " How can you tell such a falsehood ?" ex claimed Graoe. " You know he wilL I have packed up his things, and we start this very afternoon. " "He has started!" said Yietorine, with a oonvnlsive clasp of her hands. "What! gone without me?" cried Grace, springing up. " I will follow him directly! I dare say he is driven distracted by your having played him false, and no one can tell what will happen to him." "Bitdown again, and hew what I have to •ay," said Yietona*, angrily. Grace Mi down, her boon* in bar band, and hurriedly wrapping her shawl around bar. "Arthur U ill, yoo know v nil v I do," continued Yietorine. "Did it never occur to you what waa the eaoae of hia illness P" " Seeing the dead woman, I suppose," said Graoe, rummaging in her pocket, and turning oat a heap of lettera and other matter* into her I*P. 41 Bat he did not really eat her," aaid Vioto rine. " That is quite absurd. You cannot sup poae it for a moment." " I nerer suppose anything," replied Grace. "He aaid he did, and there was an end of it I told him it wae very likely somebody dreated apt bat Arthur was always obstinate, and never believed what I said." H It was not somebody dressed up," said Vie tonne. "Howoouldit be* The spectre has appeared to him so often, and in plaoes where it would be impossible to play a trick of that kind. No, no! There is another reason for it." "It could not be a real ghost, that we are quite sore of," said Graoe, still rummaging over the contents of her pocket. " There is no snob, thing." "But it eonld be a phantom of bis brain," said Victorine. "Now do you understandP This might be at fault," and she touohed her forehead, " and it is, all the physicians agree in saying." Graoe stared at her like one bewildered, her oountenanee expressive of nothing but amaze ment. "They say he is mad," continued Viotorine, quietly, " and that the lives of rational people may be endangered by him. They say he irust be kept for a time under restraint, lest some mischief happen ; and that is where he is gone to." "Arthur, my brother Arthur mad!" cried Grace, staggering as if •track by a sudden blow. "Yes, mad," repeated Victorine i " you told 1 me yourself that insanity was in the family. I wish I had known that fact before; it would have been better for us both." " But he is not—cannot be!" exclaimed Graoe. " You are utterly mistaken. Arthur is as sane as I am." "On some points he is," said Victorinei " but there is a form of thai fatal disease when the mind is clear on all subjects save one, and this is the ease with Arthur. Talk to him of Constance; remember the adventure in the park; and see if he is not mad," she added, with a smile of triumph. " Ob, Victorine! Do not prove him mad!" cried Graoe, in an agony of distress i " for the sake of all that is dear to you in the world, do not. It is so terrible, so frightful a thing ! n " I have nothing to do with it," said Victo rine, disengaging her dross from Graoe's hold. "But I will not believe it I Will not, if you tett it me again and again," cried Grace ex citedly. " You may believe it or not, just as you like," said Viotorine, rising. " I thought it my duty to tell you he was gone. Bhall I send my maid to assist you P" "But where have they taken himP" asked Grace. " I will go to him this very minute." "You may not go to him, Graoe. Dr.Bowdler has taken him under his care, and positively forbids any one to have access to him. Absolute quiet is the only ohanee for his recovery." " And when was this thing done P Ob, you are a cruel set of people !" cried Graoe, weeping passionately. " But I will go to him for all the Dr. Bowdlers in the world." " This thing, as you politely express it, was brought about early this morning, while you were out choosing your new bonnet," said Victorine; " and the cruel set of people are the first physicians of the day, who met here to consult on Arthur's very extraordinary ease. They came to the conclusion I have just told you, and took steps accordingly." " And why did not you tell me before P" cried Graoe. " Why did you let me go out t" " Because you have so little command over yourself, Grace, and might have made matters so much worse," returned Viotorine, coolly. Hushed, undignified, and violent, Grace was but a poor match for Viotorine, who was almost regal in her self- possession. " And now," cried Graoe, rudely, " now you have shut up Arthur, you will marry Lord Wilocx. That is what it all means, I suppose." " I shall marry whomsoever I please," replied Viotorine, haughtily ? " my prospects in life are , not to be blighted because Arthur is mad." " Yes, you will marry him, I have no doubt!" cried Graoe, with a burst of indignation j " but you will meet with no blessing. You will be a miserable woman, Victorine, and some great ; judgment will fall upon you! Bee if it does I not. There is a just God above us." Some great judgment! When she reached her chamber Victorioe repeated the wordi. They bad met a response in her heart Grace had little thought of. But what were the occa sional stings of conscience against ambition, or against a training purely of the world P To do well for herself was Victorine's reli gion, and advancement her ideal heaven. So, ambition got the mastery, and oonscienoe was •ilenoed, and better impulses were crushed. Even now, as she paces up and down, she seems to trample them beneath her feet. Her eye dilates with pride, and her lip wears a tri umphant-smile. Bhe has decided—and she is no weak woman to falter or draw back. And when the struggle is over she drops a veil of calmness over her features, and goes forth with a tranquil bearing, as if at peace with herself and all the world. She is used to act out these dramas j half her life is spent upon the stage : •nd will be till the curtain drops, and the drama is at an end. When Viotorine was gone, Graoe stamped about the room, and went through a number of extraordinary demonstrations. Having thus re lieved her mind, as far as she was able, she finished packing, and dressed herself ready to start by the very next train. She had not waited many minutes before a servant came to say that a person was in the drawing-room, who wanted to speak to her. "A person! Who is itP" cried Grace, abruptly. "Why, miss, it's not a gentleman exactly. It's a oountrytnan like j very plain spoken, and homely to look at." " Oh, indeed!" said Graoe, her heart giving a flatter. "Very wellj toll him I am coming directly." " John Lodge, as sure as I'm alive!" thought Grace. "Dear me! what a pity that I have packed up my new bonnet, and pat on this shabby old dress! One may be too saving for one's own interest sometimes. However, this is not s> time for showing off when poor Arthur—" And tears began to roll down her cheeks. " I am sure Mr. Lodge will be very angry. 1* Violent abruptness was one of Graoe's cha racteristics. Accordingly, she burst into the drawing-room Mying, with breathless haste, 'Oh, Mr. Lodge! What do you think? They have shot Arthur op in a madhousel" Mr. Lodge, who was dressed in a new suit of clothes, and radiant with smiles and good humor, started back at this alarming intelli gence. Nothing oould exoeed the eonsternatio? expressed in hU countenance. " They have indeed!" continued Graoe |" or I should not say so. Victorine has done it, that she may jUt him and marry Lord Wiloox in stead. They took him away this morning while I was out, and I shall never see him any more." Mr. Lodge was at no time remarkable for hit quickness of comprehension, and these facts suddenly poured on his devoted head were more than he oould for the moment master. That Grace was in trouble was, however, quite plain to him, and called out his kindly feelings toward! her. "Do not ory, Miss Graoe," said John, afteo tionately j " sit down, and let me hear ail about it from beginning to end." This was an unusually long speech for John to make, and Graoe did sit down, and told him the whole story. When she had oonoluded, Mr. Lodge got up, put his hands in his pockets, and began to whistle and to walk about the room. At length he stopped just before her. " And what are you going to do, Kits Grace P" he asked. " To go home by the very next train," she re plied. " Now, I would go to Dr. Bowdler*s, if I wen you," said John, with an air of great wisdom. " Would you P But I—l—l am alone, and Dr. Bowdler might not admit me," said Grace, hesitatingly. " I beg your pardon, Miss Grace,'' said John, " but you are not alone, seeing I have oome up all the way from Wychford to keep you com pany." "It was very kind of you, I am sure, Mr. Lodge," said Grace, twisting the end of her shawl into every imaginable shape, " very. But I suppose you will go away again before long ?*• " No, I won't go away!" cried John, with wonderful energy. " Thank yoa, Mr. Lodge," said Graoe i M bat you see " " I won't!" repeated John, sturdily. M I will go with you to this Dr. What*s-his- name, and see Arthur righted, that I will!" And he began to make sundry passes in the air with his stick. " I do not believe he is mad! and no ou shall make me," sobbed Graoe. "Of course not! How can he be, when he is in his right mind?" said John, with great • simplicity. " I told Viotorine so," said Graoe i " and she went on at me like anything, and ail that aha might marry Lord Wiloox." "Lord Wiloox, indeed!" said Mr. Lodge. M Wby didn't he up and lick the scoundrel P I would, as soon as look at him! But oome, Mies Grace, we will set off before they find out where) we are gone to." " Yes, that we will," said Graoe } " but, Mr. Lodge, I do not know where Dr. Bowdler lives.' . " Never mind," said Mr. Lodge, " we will find it out. Perhaps there is a card or something that will tell us." And he began to ransack among the contents of Victorine's elegant card basket. " Here it is," he exelahned. « Dr. Bowdler, Manchester Square. That v capital I Now then." " You have not been at our house lately, h??? you, Mr. Lodge P" asked Grace, as she pinned her shawl on at the glass. "I ?" said he. " No, Mils Graoe." " I thought you might just happen to know how the servants were going on, that is aD," said Grace. " I dare say they are having a fine time of it! Heads out of window from mom* ing till night, I will be bound !" | " I did see a bead, now I remember, as I want by last night," said Mr. Lodge. "You did, did you?" cried Grace, turning quickly round. "That was Martha, I know! She is such a good-for-nothing——" " I think we had better start," said John, on willing to hear the point discussed. " But I must have my boxes," said Graoe. "I cannot go without my boxes. They we already psckod and corded. I did them myself. 1* "There was scarcely any need for that, I should think," aaid John, slightly annoyed. " Oh, yes, there was!" replied Grace. "The servants here sre worse than anywhere { they do nothing at all. If mistresses will—" " Shall I ring and enquire after your boxes ?" said John, who relished these domestio diiqui-. sitions as little as Arthur did. " Yes, if yon like," said Grace | " but here is Viotorine. Well, Victorine, you see I am going." " Good morning, Mr. Lodge, " I hope I see you quite well," said Victorine, politely. " Quite well, thank you, Miss Femurs," said John, stiffly. " You are oome to esoort Graoe home, I sup pose ? But will you not take some refreshment before you start P" said Viotorine, and she laid her hand upon the bell. "We are not going home yet," said Grace* with her usual want of tact; "we are going to Dr. Bowdler's first." " Indeed! And have you his address ?" re turned Victorine, with imperturbable coolness. " Ah, I see you have. But he usually resides oat of town, and it is there where you will find him," and she took a card and wiote an address upon it. "I am glad I spared you going on s fruitless errand." "Thank you, Miss Farrars," said John, rather fascinated, in spite of himself, by Vieto rine's easy politeness. " I am truly sorry to bear of what has happened, and as Mr. Leslie's friend, I thought it right just to see if—if—" " Quite right, Mr. Lodge. Only I regret to say you can do him no manner of good," said Victorine, kindly ; " still, if it is any satisfac tion to you to see Dr. Bowdler, I would cer tainly have you'do so. In the meantime I as sure you that everything is being done for Arthur that can be done, and the rest we must leave in the hands of Providence." " Can this woman be as heartless as Graoe represented ?" thought John. He looked into her clear brown eyes, and scanned her open fore head. It was a lovely mask with whioh to hide deception, if it were a mask, and while John looked he doubted. "The truth is, Miss Ferrari," said John, " from what I have heard just now, I was afraid Mr. Leslie had not had fair play. The thing was done so hurriedly, and in a corner." "If it had been done a month ago, Dr. Bowdler says he would never have had this last attack," returned Victorine. " Has Graoe told you about the disaster in the park ?" " No, she has not," replied John. " Ah! I will enlighten you on that point," said Victorine. "But pray be seated, and I must insist on your taking some refreshment." TO BB OOHTIMVED. Ths best way to tarn a " Sporting life " to good account is to be an abbettor in making a bettor a better man,, uul reining in hii reign with a bridal. 