The Empire. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1873. THE Colonial Secretary is to move to-day, ia the Legislative Assembly,-" That this House will, to-morrow, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to consider the ex- pediency ; of adopting the following resolu- tions :-1, : That the Government be autho- rised to make arrangements for the establish- ment of an efficient line of steam, mail packets between tho port of Sydney and the port of San Francisco, in connection with the mail services between the last named port and Great Britain. 2. That such service shall secure the- delivery of mails between this port and a port in Great Britain, in both directions, in forty five days, and shall not impose on.this colony a subsidy exceed- ing ,£30,000 per annum. 3. That the colony of New Zealand . be ? ? invited to join in the establishment of this service. 4. That the foregoing resolutions be transmitted by address to his Excellency the Governor." There will, of course, bo some difference of opinion in the House on this question ; but it can hardly be'doubted .that it will be passed by a considerable majority. And it is certainly a ' matter < of great importance to the interests of this colony, to secure regular steam postal communication I with. San Francisco. No one of the other I routes, actual or. proposed, can vie with this ¡in regard to the business likely to be pro- moted by it. There is no people whose ter I ritory is crossed or touched upon by any of j the other lines whoso enterprise can be com- pared for a moment with that of the people of the United States. There are none whose connection with us may be expected to render so much aid in the advancement of various undertakings in this country. Then there is no other port in Australia which is so conveniently ' situated for San Francisco as Sydney. And with the recollection of tho conduct of the representa- tives of the Government.of Victoria, in se-' curing a vote of tho majority: of delegates at the late Intercolonial Conference ;.lbr their own unreasonable proj>osition, to make Mel- bourne the terminus of the line by way of Suez and King George's Sound ; it is worth while to keep in view the natural and rea- sonable claims of the position of. Sydney, in relation to the line by way of San Francisco and the trans- continental railroad. . The 3rd resolution proposes to invite New Zealand to join in' the establishment of ,tho service j but sayB nothing - of the terms, on which that colony should enter into thepro . jeet. Now it is a mutter bf importance to us, that no delay should be incurred by the mail steamers making a detour to the south to toúok. at New Zealand on their way. The right system for meeting the requirements of the two colonies would bo to ha ve'.a., branch steamer .running between New Zealand and Fiji, or some other point in Polynesia,, not out of the direct line between . Sydney and Son Francisco. ' So far as the postal sor vices are concerned, such an arrangement as this could not be less convenient to New Zealand than the calling of the mail steamers. ,A.nd we are not called upon to consider other profits that New Zealand might acquire from the visits of the mail steamers, for the .con- venience of the postal service ought not to be made to give way to other considerations. It may be said that ¿£30,000 is a large sum to bo paid as a subsidy for this line j but it is considerably less than we hove been in the habit of paying for a lino which could never render us equal advantages, and even the commercial and pecuniary benefits to be secured to , Sydney by having this port , the terminus of tho line connecting Australia with the United States and Europe, would amply compensate, us for that outlay. -' In due time the project, often proposed for consideration, in the interests oí Now South Wales and Queensland, of establishing a line of steam postal communication by .way of Torres' Straits, will be taken in hand. The progress of tho northern colony, and tho opening, up of commercial relations between Port Jackson and the commercial ports of ¿'astern Asia, especially thoso of tho Dutch, Chinese, and Japanese, will, beforo very long render tho cstablisme'nt of such a line it muttor of _obvious expediency. And with! the support of New Zealand in tho mainten- ance of the San Francisco line, and of Queensland in tho maintenance of thé Torres Straits lino, this colony will be in a good position to meet "Victoria, in negotiations concerning the'King George's Sound and Suez line. The establishment of a 'pilot, station in Torres Straits, for the use of the mail steamers* -.would open that course for safe navigation' by trading vessels. , The Straits are darigorous only . to 4 those ' who are unacquainted with them.- Those who are familiar with the passage speak ' most favourably of .the prevailing weather and circumstances. -, And.- if the information already obtained by some -were made avail- able by charts and a pilot service, many. Yes seis would probably be sent by that'route instead of going round Cape. Horn. Then new channels of .trade"will be open to us. The Dutch will not always retain that pro ? tec'tive system which places obstacles in the way of foreign commerce. The - .'Japanese and "Chinese are begin- ning to enter into commercial relations with those iwho are willing to navigate their seas.. . And afc no distant future we may see Sydney the terminus of a large traffic with the' populous countries of the extreme' east.' I This added to the nearer results of intercourse with America by way of San Francisco, cannot fail to give a great impulse to the progress of New South "Wales. SUPPOSED CATTLE DISEASE :ÍN THE' GWXDIB DISTRICT. -A report baa been received by the Acting Chief Inspector of Stock from tho Inspector of Stock, "Warialda,.from which the following is an extract : - 'I hafe the honour to report that tho.Oat tia Disease in this district waa a false alarm. I enclose you three letters from 'gentlemen on tho spot, and, in the neighbourhood, from which you.will see that the cattle' ! were scarcely ever in better health. I believe a few cattle died from poisonous herbage, which was the cause of tho alarm." . In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Farnell stated, in answer to a question lrom Mr. Phelps, that it ls the Intention of the Government to introduce a bill next session to enable them to deal with roads generally, and the question nf proclaiming roads one mlle wide In and through pastoral districts for the use of travelling «took will bs con- sidered in the framing of any such bill. The funeral of the late Hon. Robert Towns, M.L.C., took place yesterday. The procession moved from his late residence, Cranbrook, at 9 a.m., for St. Mark's Church. After service had been performed there by the Bishop of Sydney, assisted by the Rev. Thomas Kemmis, and the Rev. E. Rogers, the cortege proceeded to the Balmain Cemetery, where the remains of this venerable colonist was interred. It is needless to add that there was a large attendance at the members of the legislature and leading citizens. Steps are being taken in South Australia to erect, by subscription, a monument to the memory of M'Kinlay, thoeexplorer., . Mr. G. B. Danbeney, of Brisbane, has fitted out a vessel (the Henry Albert), and despatched her to the South Sea Islands, as an experiment to open upa Pacifia trade for Queensland. Yesterday morning, while the case of Hickey v Stephen far libel was being heard' at the District Court, his Honor Judge Simpson waa taken Ul, and had to leave tba benoh. The further hearing of the case was postponed until to-morrow, when it ls hoped that his Honor will be able to I resume his duties. | e At the Courtof Quarter Sessions, yesterday, I his Honor Judge Bowling sentenced Ellen Enright, wno bad- been found guilty on Thursday last of unlawfully wound- ing her husband, u six months' Imprisonment In Darling burst gaol, with hara labour. We (Marybori/ugh Chronicle) regret to learn I that Mr John EdwarJs.Tate of Ban Ban. was one of the unfortu- nate persons drownedln the wreck of the Soyal Adelaide, which I vessel was lost on the western side of Cbesll llu.nk, In the nar- row Isthmus of Portlaad, on her war from London to Sydney. We hear that Mr. Edwards was returning to this country with a large capital, with the intention of again investing in station property. Ike Tenterfield Star, mentions that some few afternoons ago. Bookookoorara was visited by a'fofr whloh was unprecedented for density. It approached very suddenly I and covered the louallty with darkness, lt was Impossible to see across the road, or «van a yard or two distant. A female equestrian travelling along the road, who happened to become enveloped in lt, not being able to see the way, Rulded her hone into a deep bog. from whloh with some difficulty sba extricated herself and steed. From thia she succeeded in getting- an to a rock, where she considered it udrisable to remain for the night. After a lengthened debate in the Legislative Assembly, last night,' the following motion, moved by Ur, Forster, was carried-"That this House -shall, on Friday next, resolve itself into committee ot the whole to oanslder an addr-ss to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause prevision tobe made lu contemplation of any change in the electoral law, for payment of members of any future Karl'ameit, by way ot reimbursement for expenses of travelling ind attendance, and other Parliamen- tary service." ? The dltislon on the question was eqiul-IO tn 16-but it was decldedby the B peaker, wno gave his vote on th« sido nf the ayes. In order that an opportunity might be afforded for fur .her dlmusslon of the question. The Secretary of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Sortit)-of South Australia lias received a telegram from Mr. Jules Joubert, the secretary of the New I 8omb WalesAgrionltimiSoolety.totxeefl'ectthat the jndg meutof wines at the (ydney and Intercolonial Exhibition will be deferred until ¡he exhibits from this colony have arrived, and Invo hat time to settle. This arrangement i observe» the Advertiser,ls quite in keeping with other acts of eourtesy experienced D' South Australian exhibitors from the Sydney committee, anawhlch tend to promote a cordial and j kindly feeling between lie two colonies. 1 'At the Police Cbuvfc, Singleton, on Tuesday, April 8th, a oUtle-stealng case was heard which occasioned some excitement. Ohrltopher Walsh, a drover, was brought upon remand, oharged^vith cattle stealing. It appears from the evidence taken, th« prisoner was entrusted with a herd ! of nattle, consisting of ¡13 head, b«longing to Mr. Loder, to drtvefrom'Merrlab, oralleNamoiKlver, by the superinten- dent. Mr. B. B. OampplU Prisoner, who was assisted by a Chinaman In driving tb cattle, lt. ls aliened, sold one beast to a person! named Eveingham, at Denman, without any authority whatever. Te hide of the beaut alleged to have bten stolen was product] in court. After several witnesses wero examined prisouei was committed for trial at the next ' Circuit Court. ,1 " *' I , The . anticipatec arrival of the Kennedy family ta commence a eries of performances of their enter- tainment, entitled "Tw Hours at Hame," has become the snb)ea' of anxious speeutUon amongst the Scottish residents . ofSydney, and inansweitcvarlouoluqnlrles.ltmaybeas well to state that they are nowdlwr. south, and working their way . steadily towards Sydney. J Throughout their prsgress over- land from Melbourne the unity has been received with the utmost fervour, and by tbef admirable renderings of the ever beautiful melodies of the Maud of the mountain and flood," they have successfully raise! the ghosts of faded recollections tn tba minds of hundreds the antipodes has almost ancient minstrelsy. Mr, llf Scots, where long residence at kflaced the recollections of tho _ - . tennedy sings songs and retails 1 Scotch stories In a manneçhat revive the reminiscences of I Ifted family are each fully equal The-Hunter paper! M'Gowan, has lately met being drowned In Darling lt appears, wended his wal wife had heard nothing oft report that a very old and much respected reslbnt of Singleton, Mr.' James fth a sad and anttmely end by , 'arbour, Sydney. The deceased left there about a month ab is quest of employment, and. 1 Beening jveios, respecting tl _ . _ _ _ IR Darling Harbour, In sote respects answering the des ' ' L -.- immedletely despatched a tele usband had lost the thumb ot ... .. . a reply. The answer was as | follows:-"Body devoid ofjhumb of left hand," thus con' orlptlon of. her husband, sra ßrom to the effect that ber ls left hand, and requeste< firming her most dread sus a resident of the dlitrlot td, always bore thé reputation clous. Tbe deceased had been ?pwards. of forty years, and being an upright honest man. servlnes were rendered to tile] On Monday, the Kev. P. Baptist Ohurah, Lambton. Hheppard, B.A., preached at lng at Clarence Town ; whllsj nominations! interest wen sonni members'ot the InlnS cleated chairman of the Var towards the metropolis. His i Im from the time he left, and from a paragraph that apeared In the ooliimns of tba \- ""? - noding af the body of a man He leaves a.wifeand very lofe family to mourn their irre- parable loss. The half-yearly' nteting of the Baptist Union of New South Wall) was Held nt Hinton, on the Hunter Klver, od Good Frlby. During ithe week various aDtlst ohnrohes In tho district, berd preached In tbs Welsh ti Wednesday the Bev. George palana; and on Thursday even on tho same evening the Hev. Allan Wehb lectured at Nettutle on the Huguenots. On the morning ot Good IVldy tba Kev. Georgs Sheppard Sreached au able discourse ti Hinton before tho Unían, on oh« 10, 14. During the afirnoon varions matters of de- fended to. Tho resignations of the Wallsend and Lnm'itoi ofurobes were received. Messrs, R.' lugram and J. Buinmas fere cordially welcomed as per Tho Rev. i\ Hlbhcrd was nsutng, lu place of tho Kev. S. Sheppard, who found liUaeit unable to fulfll tho duties of the past. Diirlnn; tho eve; naj n publia meeting was held, pre- coded hy a tea-meeting. X this meeting tho chairman for the year, the Rev. Allan Woo. read ills half-yearly address on "the ductrlue ouncernlngjhrlst, and the lifo of Mle Spirit the joint means of revlvalu t ho Church." Addresses ware afterwards delivered by Res. P. Hlbberd, G. Sheppard. John Jones, J. Ingram, and Ml Brewer. A vote or thanks waa passed to the ohalrman fa his addresses, and tho meeting closed with prayer and sining. j 