WILL OF NAPOLEON IIl. (Fons I Ordre) IN the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling an aggravation of the symptoms of the disease which was. so soon to prove fatal, and indulging no il lusory hopes of the ultimane success of the operation which hisphysicianshad do Glared to be indispensable,wasanxious, be fore resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testa ment. The will of the Emperor Napoleon III is drawn in two very distinct parts. The statesman, the, sovereign, the dynas tic chief, speaks in the one ; in the other, the private gentleman, the father, the friend. Motives of propriety, which it is use less.to dwell upon, will not allow of our publishing-at least at present-the will of the private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with which the disposses sed Emperor has thought proper to re ward. certain devoted . friends, certain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest the public in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would scarcely he proper to gratify at the present mo ment. But the political will is a different thing altogether. This, from the houi of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the present generation, for whose in struction it was written. Itv will be noticed that this will is built up of a series of notes, thoughts, reflec tions, provisions, remembrances, written in meditative mood,. during the tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when the Em peror saw rising before him the probaibi lity of " an impending catastrophe. he rested satisfied with the' compilation of these notes, to w4hich he was hard ly aware that he was giving the last touch. This is the document we speak of, and which we print'without reflecting or corn menting on: " In the naiine of. the Very Holy Trin ity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. '!Made aware by unheaird of misfor tune of the uncertainty of worldly con cerns at an age when it may please Divine Providence, after so many cruel trials, to withdrew me from this life before I have been able personally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of accomplishing, ,I owe it the honour. of my name, to my re sponsi'bility before history, to the future of my race, to bequeath to my son, . with my paternal embrace and my ardent as pirations, such instructions as may guide his .conduct. jin. the hope that Heaven, soothed by the overwhelming castastrop hes which has :fallen on that beloved French nation; will abet him in his endeavours to reinvest his country with its past glory, prosperity, and grand eur, C Weighed down by the most unmeri ted and most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impar tin] and ever true, the care of my justi fication. " During the twenty years that I was called upon by the national will to man age the affairs of France I have reigned independently of any clue with regard to dynastic interests or personal satisfaction. I feel the legitimate pride of being able to declare that I 'have brought that coun try to the highest degree of prosperity, influence and eclat that it has ever been given to any monarchy of the past to en joy. While mainitaining order in the in terior, and opposing an iron hand tr' the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to bear on the moral, political, and social emancipation of the labourer. U nder no other regime has the workman been in a more prosperous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and. satisfactory way. "Notwithstanding the renowvn of mili tary glory which attached to the founder of my race, I had dreamed I had desired to exclusively devote my reign to those efforts democraticandsocial emancipation; and when, at the opening of my career as a sovereign I said at Bordeaux that the Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and to the world. " But next to the aspirations of my heart were the duties of the monarch, and when I was induced to draw the sword, it was never for any other motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honour of France. In Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochin China, in Asia- Minor, the triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of the country. " At the time of life when I am pen ning these lines in the expectation of soon appearing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the recommendation of ultimately mak ing such use of them as the honour of my name and his own may require, the complete series of documents which will show that, in respect to the Mexican ex pedition, interrupted by imperious mo tives of international right, and also to that last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view the honour and interests of the country, who for the third time in the space of twenty years had by a signal vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. " History will explain how a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevi table casualties, improvident advises, dis appointed provisions, improbable results, ended in the failure of the most gener ous effort ever attempted to affirm the prerogatives and predominance of France. "An unmentionable crime has compli cated the catastrophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised my personalsafety to secure that of my army, and to conclude a ne cessary peace, in Paris brainless demago gues were working the iuin of France by affording to the conquering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. " A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when France will know the truth on all the facts and many other topics which have been -distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and on that day France, after undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind the twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity whichsheowned to the reign of Napoleon. The instincts of the people are mon archical, and no monarchy can reinstate France in a safer position than the con= queror of Austerlitz. "If Providence deems my mission ac comnplished, and bequeaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of repara tion, under the guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the devoted friends who have faithful to me, I adviso' him to re vert to the principles which inspired my acts at the beginning of my reign, viz'., order within, peace abroad. " Europe has been too greatly agitated hy the recent wvars of the latter years, and France may regain her prestige and her grandeur wvithout appealing to'force. The reign of my son must not be one o6f reprisals, but one of reparation. 'Peace within and -without. And should 'the necessity of upholding the national hont our compel him the draw the sword,' let him rely without fear on the courage of the French Tarmy, too accustomed, to see victory crowvn its efforts under. the 'itn pernal eagle to remain bowed down" un-' the influence of a temporary disaster. " Let him, at home especially,' apply himself to developing the welfare of the working classes.. Let him beware of the enticement held ' out by certain. .pre tended liberal, doctrines, which, under hollow theories; conceal cruel dianppoint meats. " Let him see that respect ic shown to the legitimate prerogatives of religion., which constitute the basis of will social order. In awarding a necessary shiare iii the management of 'public affairs 'to: the' free debaters of the tribune and the press let him protect the country Iagairist the excesses of those diseussions wvhich prove' such fruitful sources of bar~reni and dan gerous agitation. True'liberty~ is 'order -order upheld in the interest of all and every one.' " The experiment of the lret events has shown that nations are seldom grate ful. 'France; who 'had everythilng foir the enfranchisement of othei- countries, found herself deserted at the time of' siupreme necessity. 'International' alliances should be founded on the interests, on the hopes and pot on rights'and memories of' the past. In a powerful, well-appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sover eign help to its action. 2Iy son's endea yours should all tend towards ensuring the soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy. firmly grounuded on a mighty army,France, without having recourse to arms, may re pair the disasters of war. The calami ties consequent on successive insurrec tions during the last two years have not been able to shake the foundations ot the financial prosperity laid by the empire. The empire will render that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore. But to attain this result, as the same time that it is necessary to proudly dis play before foreign nations the flag of France- ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters-it is incumbent on the nation to insist without weakness, without concession without compromise, that at home, the principle of authority which the -ntion will once more hasten to I consecrate, shall be respected." 