Local and General Acknowledgment.- We are in receipt of several tracts and pamphlets from the ** Land Tenure Reform League of Victoria,\ The League aims at making the land the source of revenue for the State, and advances sound reasons for their action. Appealing to the Leg- islature of Victoria, the League state; "An opportunity is now offered to you to take a high and noble position as advanced statesmen ; you have the glorious priviliege of composing the most brilliant chapter in our colonial history, nay, in the world's history, for all the charters, magna and minima, that were ever written do not compare with this question for asserting and establishing the true dignity and freedom of man, as will be shown by the fight the proud, the selfish, and the monopolist will make against this grand principle of ' applied Chris- tianity.' The legislative direction herewith in- dicated Í3 one that will with irresistible and indignant energy be demanded by an aroused democracy throughont the civilised world, as soon as they are enlightened to the cruel im- position which has been hitherto practised on them. Let us gracefully take the initiative, nor wait to be coerced into taking a step our better judgment should at once dictate. All our tentative efforts, such as Permissive, Edu- cation, and other little bills, are but palliative measures of expediency. Make the State the sole landlord, and you have a perennial source of revenue at command, wherewith co civilise the community in those directions in which they cannot help themselves, preserving for labor the widust field for its productive efforts, besides increasine its purchasing power, and elevating it to that noble position in the world that it ought to command. Then the enormous wealth now eajoyed by monopolists from the usurpation ot the natural rights of the people will be dispensed by the State for the benefit of all. Consider of it, take advice, and speak your mind." An Awkward Mistake.-An amusing story is going about of an adventure that occurred not a hundred miles Fremantle a few evenings ago, in which a person holding a somewhat high position was mistaken for a disreputable character. Two members of the police force were looking after some stolen property in a house of ill-fame, kept by a woman of very low antecedents, when a gentle rap came to the door, * Come in,' sang out the elder constable ; but instead of doing so, the sound of hastily retreating footsteps was the only reply to his invitation. Tkat some tioket-of-leave holder " out after hours" had been disturbed in his en- deavor to enter the house was the immediate con- clusion, and a glance from the elder policeman to his lellow constable summoned the latter to his legs. The fugitive by this time had got a good start, but the constable was a swift runner, and was gradually closing up with his man, when the latter took shelter in the shady en- trance ot a public house. In a moment the constable was at his heels, pounced upon the supposed offender, knocking him down in his eager haste, and then dragged him forward to the light of the lamp over the front entrance ot the tavern, when lo ! to his utter amazement, be recognised the features, pale with horror, of a most respectable member of society. Touching Tichborne.-According to our latest telegrams Dr. Kenealy concluded hi3 Tichborne oration on the 22nd August, having spoken a month by the almanac! Thirty and one days did the eloquent counsel keep possession of the muoh-tortured jurymen, thus throwing into the shade the achievements of Burke and Sheridan on the Warren Hastings impeachment. He is not able, it seems, to pro- duce Arthur Orton. Moro romantic a good deal tiian the appearance ot Sir Ko^er at Wagga Wagga is the disappearance of the jovial, rol- licking young Wapping butcher, who left the Gipps Land cattle station and was seen no more by living man-except the claimant. Only he, so far, is known to have been favoured with glimpses of Miss Loder's lover. The claimant, stood in the dock with Arthur at Castlemaine, though the police records do not show it, and Arthur visited him at Wagga Wagga ; but, like Banquo's ghost, the missing Orton has been invisible to others. The situation is undoubt- edly curious, and what the defence should still do is to advertise in all the papers a notice to the faithful lover that his Miss Loder still lives, and is single and true to him. From what we know of Arthur, he would respond to that ap- peal-unless the claimant has murdered him. A Sad Affair.-Our latest New Zealand files contain the following particulars of a melan- choly accident to a person who may possibly be known to some of our readers :-*' A very sad affair occurred in Dunedin harbor on the after- noon of August l8. Two men, named Thomas King and Robert Moore, were sailing the lighter Clutha iroia Dunedin to Port Chalmers, and it appears that when near the islands a quarrel took place. They were observed fighting by two quarrymen on shore, and in the struggle both tell overboard. The quarrymen at once put off in a dingy, but were two late to save Moore, who went down before they reaehed him. King fortunately caught hold of a boat astern of the lighter, but when rescued by the quarrymen was in a throughly exhausted condi- tion. They put him on board the lighter, which they brought into the Port. Sergt. .Neill then took King into custody, pending the re- sult of an enquiry into the circumstances of the melancholy occurrence. Moore was a single man, aged 30 years, and a native of Glasgow. He arrived at Dunedin in April, 1872, on board the brig Our Hope from Western Australia.'' Criminal CALBNDAR.-r-The calendar ¿or dis- posal next Wednesday at the sittings of the Supreme Court in its criminal jurisdiction is numerically heavy, but the cases are not of a very aggravating nature. They are as follows . \--Win. Wegener, c.p.; forgery, Perth r John Biekell, t.l., No. 1819, wounding with intent, &c;, Gingin; John Smith, ex., larceny, Fre- mantle; James T'-acy, ex., and Wm. Conway, free, sheep-stealing, Toodyay ; John Dogherty, ex., larceny, Guildford; James Richards, ex., robbery with violence, Perth; John Turnbull, ex., larceny, Murray; Ihomas Pitchford, ex., forgery, Fremantle ; Robert Brodie, ex., aggra- vated assult, Perth ; Edward Holmes, ex., do.. Fremantle; Mathew Doust, altering receipt lor money, Newcastle ; and three native cases. Episcopal.-By the last mail Dr. Griver, the Roman Catholic Bishop, received official noti pication of his translation from the see of Tloa to the bishopric of Perth. The intelligence has given unmixed gratification to the religious community to which he belongs, and all will cheerfully recognize the fitness of the appoint- ment. Bishop Griver, we believe, by his libe- rality and largeness ot heart, has formed Mend auips with men ot all religious communities amongst us, and pemaps no one has done so much to earn for the Roman Catholic Church the good will and the uffeciion of the sects with which she is at variance. Teeiotalish.-This healthy movement is progressing apace. The Good Templars' are about to open another lodge, this time at I ' Guildford, where a deputation will attend on H Tuesday next for that purpose. A cadet tent I y¡ of Juvenile Rechabites. tinder the auspices of the Hope Tent, has been opened in Perth, under special dispensation. All vices are difficult to to repress, but perhaps, of all, drunkenness is the hardest to deal with. Nearly every other evil habit leaves a man sufficient responsibility to clearly argue with himself what the end of his downward course must inevitably be; but habitual intemperance weaves its chains so silently about its victim, that he, of all others, is least aware of his bondage, and least able to disenthral himself. "Drunk and incapable," briefly but aptly describes the condition of the inebriate from first to last; and that which he cannot do for himself the promoters of these various temperance movements which are springing up in our midst are making an effort to do for him. We wish them God-speed. The Volunteers and the Town Hall. At a meeting of the City Council held on Friday evening last, attention was called to the dis- graceful state of the fine assembly room of the Town Hall, which has of late been utilised by the volunteers for the purposes of drill. Ths> city councillors, while unwilling to cast any obstacles in the way of our citizen soldiers attaining military proficiency and becoming efficient defenders of our hearths and homes, were yet of unanimous opinion that it was too much of a good thing to expect the caretaker of the Hall, who, we believe, receives a mere no- minal salary in that capacity, to keep the spacious room of which the citizens are so justly proud in anything like decent order when " tramp, tramp, tramp, the boys are marching" there, for several hours, during two or three nights a week. For this privilege either corps will henceforth have to pay ¿61 per month. Melancholy Fate of a Historic Building. -The Wagga Wagga Express, to hand by the last mail from the Eastern Colonies, re'erring to the Tichborne case says :-" During the past week Wagga. Wagga has lost one of the most interesting memorials of Tom Castro, The land in Gurwood-street upon which his old shop stood having been purchased by Mr. Shaw, who is about building some more sightly pre- mises thereon ; the hut to *vhich attaches those deeply interesting associations of the Claimant was laid violent hands on." In this shop, then, it was that Castro flourished knife and steel, and brandished cleaver in days gone by, but now slabs, rafters, and bark have disappeared, and nought but a collection of dust, brickbats, and broken bottles marks the spot. It muât be al- lowed that such is a melancholy fate for so historic a building-a building in which, per- haps, were breathed by the sprigh'ly Tom his first vows of affection into the gratified ear of the guileless Mary Anne, when she sought beefsteaks and found an ardent lover. 