... ' .WANTED 'A; CRY. wnen Tadpole and Taper met, father more than thirty years. ngo, to considor, about the management of tiie impending goneral- elec- tiohW tho joinV idifficulty 'tliey met was the fact that iPEEL,,iiad. rio', cry." i Theso worthies whose "rneci 'isnby . no- means oxtinet,- were nhahimously of opinion that "thoro was nothing which so' surely decided an election as a good cry.' ' 'They tlicn.ran over (ill tlio leading topics of thorday,. such gs.'Preo! Trade and Protection,' J?enco,j or \ War, Beforin or 'Con servatism, upon neither, .of which had Peel mado any sign, and ithey, finally .Oitiiie to the conclusion that of rill- possible " cries " that of the' :'';Church.in Danger was,. the ' safost and surest, at anyrato for tho Tories. They wcro quite -rig lit, . -for f a really; good " cry " must contain some element of- vagueness and sentimentality iii it to-be thoroughly cftee- tivo — that is, it must make a loud report, but need not neeessnvilv carrv a bullot ««« ue so far aennue ; as as to route the people, and so far indefinite hs not to tie the lumds of tho party leaders; and for all those reasons it must be short,' sentimental, and- vague. Now, there is plenty of vagueness and 'obscurity in Australian politics, but 'precious littlo senti mentality, and if,, like Taper and Tadpole, wo run them nil through' in our memories wo will find it utterly. impossible to unoarth a cry.atiall equal, to tbe,,timo:!;onorod one of tho; " Oliurclt in: Danger." , Wo havo.no churches hero'coniiected-with politics, aitd none of tho sects among us, except tho Catholics, havo ingenuity enough to extract even tho ghost of one, : out ! bt"; the" Education - question Yet t.hbre . hiivb.' been'1 very loud ' '.' cries' " in tho Austfalian colonies'., such:, as that raised by the Anti-Transportation : League, and Colonial Beform, which filled the -land in antediluvian and despotic! days when' wc werb'obseure dc- p.eii'deheies|ibut the' discovery' 'of :,gbld and- tho ; iiiflux' bf: :p!eb"ple"' solved their problems for thorn with. ... vengeance, .. ,aud they vanished .for,. ,,lack ..";.of ' oecupation. . As soon- ..as';; ,wo.' xbceune..- .our .: own mas ters we; invented it multitudo of "Cries," but all of these have beeu-- satisfied! long ago, oxcepkorib, which we think will 'for a genera tion or two' be perennial 'iif "every Australian colony, wo me.aii.-J;hat of, tliq. management and disposal of the laud. -This great " cry " has nlro.irlv workot! 'wondors- in thfl eolonins nf Vietdria:and NbW: South Wales, and its force is by'hu means 'spent in either of them. In t he first colouy it drove, the squ'attera bver tho Murray jiito. tho' Salt ' Bush, and ' .ebvered tho: surface of the , colony with farms. In New" South Wales it enabled Jack Robertson to strike at the very root of privilege by making Free Selection without survey tho law of the laud, and in Queensland the mere echo of it produced the Land Act of 1SG8. Tho oulv fault the " cry " had wim, that it was apt to become too strong, and to cr press itself in acts of Parliament \vhieh wore found at first unworkable, because they had outrun public opinion, and were consequently-unsanetioiicii by general socidty, so- that t-'hoy con-'U not efl'cct the anticipated ' and desist results. Thus, many squatters were "L'owed to linger for years mi the VictorGu .side of tho Murray because nobody » -inted their lauds, and in Now South Wales Free Selection without survey was' for many years confined to the centres of population, and even yet it is far lroiu general throughout the country, so that a<u uuuj vuu oijttat't't.'i o. iiay u cuusuiLKJ u-ead the sweeping clauses of tho Aet and tarry on their business in pence, though tlioy are likely'.to' get a Tougli wakening some fine dry. ; J n QupeuslariU, by reason of its re moteness aii'd tho bad times in which it camo mto force,- the.luw lindeven leRs oil'ect, though it was quitb'ns liberal, if not more so than nuy Victorian or Now 8011th Wales, but that did not mstter wlien 110. ono. had any money. Now, . however, that tho coun try has experienced a return of prosperity the lands will- be in request, and as judging from the precautious that our squatters took when passing; our.. Bill of .'18(15, such"; as stripping tho Executive of tho right of re sumption 'without the consent of tho two Houses: of Parliament, it is clear that they never meant to part with their lands either in the settled or the unsettled districts ; tho quostioiv will soon pass into tho regions of -'controversy and will- form tho makings ot ouo -of thoyloudest aud best erics to the cntor- . prising politicians who luivc tho luck to got it into their hands. As things go there is every j probability that the hall' stations of tho/ settled districts will bo resumed and pooplodtts before .1878; when tho now years 'eases runM .out, .-the question will at ouco arise as to tliel resumption "of tho other halves and the croatioiY nl' lho now settled "districts, but as our prosent purposo was to attempt to dis cover a good cry, wo shall take another occasion to describe what has been done .with such a woapoit as wo hu'vo indicated in othor ..colonics. 