00 RR~ESPON DDEN 0 E. I[We are not respoasible for the opkinions oxpreased bU our correspolndoats.] WYNDHAM SI-HIRE, To the Editor of tihe EWpress. SIn,-There are some people who are never happy unless they are blowing their own trumpet, and one of the ways in which they do thils is to be perpetually finding` fault with others. Your issue of thle 22nd February and the 1st March afford examples of this. Not content with his appearance as a" Rate payer" he must needs announce at Wyndham to doubters that he is " the individual" who composed those rambling, and I must say highly objectionable letters just alluded to. I had not taken the trouble to notice them were it not that their tendency is mischievous, for they are devoid of fact, and display that the party who wrote them knew very hlittle about the topics he tried to write about, but tried to infuse as much spite as, in a feeble way, he could. I have not troubled you before, but, for the future, with your kind permission, as occasions demand it-such as the present-I will, both for my own sake and that of the rate payers, ask for a portion of your space. The lelbourne road has been theo burden of two mournfl ditties by " Ratepayer." To show, Sir, that the "six counillors on the Plains" have been so very unjust to the very small portion of the ratepanyers who are in Wyndham on the Grant side of the South Riding, and use the Melbourne road, and what "they may expect under such oircum stances for the future," I simply turn to the annual balance sheets of the last eleven years, and there it is found that £15,185 1s. Ud. have been expended on it. Of this sum £4,479 6s. 8d. on bridges at Wyndham and Kororoit Creek, the balance on the main road; and yet, despite such overwhelmin facts, this maundering critic, either throuh culpable ignorance, or worse, has the harci hood to accuse the six councillors on the Plains-the representatives of the North and East Ridings-of acting unfairly towards the ratepayers of the South Riding. I am happy, Sir to say that the Councillors of the North nd East are individually above acnoting unfairly in the apportionment of the Shire funds, and the statements made by " Rate payer" are silly in the extreme, for they reflect on the Councillors of thie South Riding. The late Councillor Edgar, and the present Councillors Connop, Keolly, and Chirnside, fbrsooth,-they wvore too stupid to see what their constituents wanted, and so very timid as to be unable to say a word when injustice was done them. The marines and "Ratopayor" will believe this, but niobody else! But thIe truth, Si', is, " Ratepayer" firom an empty conceit, offered his valuablo services at the last Shire election as a Coun cillor, but, when MIr. Kelly entered tIhe field, he had not the ghost of a chance, and the miserable support that he received deterred even him from proceeding in his farcical candidature. As to the complaint that your correspondent has left p)art out of Council's report about proposed bridge at Skeleton Creek, why, tIhe flct is, on the Enginieer' bringiig uip his p1lan a desultory conversation ensued, and the matter was l)postponed fibr a fihleri mieOtiing of Council; and, on Saturday, this ,matter was fully ldonlt with, as will likely appear in your Wyndham Council report. Your reporter knows his business too well to need instruc tion from even "Ratolpayer," and I have no doubt will look upon his efi'usion with the contempt which it merits. "An indignation mooting is being agitated in reference to our Melbourne main road." Well, if it be as shining an affair as the last, and got up by "Ratopayer," too, truly Wyndham will have reason to blush; for, according to all accounts, " Ratepayer's" exhibition on that occasion was anything but brilliant. But, to sp al, to the point, and have dclone; I thIink that it is very undesi rable to insult Councils in the wholesale fashion that "Riatepayer," by his silly insinu ating, does. HIe, as well as other ratupayers, have the opportunity of bringing any of their wants and grievances befbre the Council, and, on all occasions, they are sure to have a patient hearing', and prompt redress. "Ratopayer ' complains that "there is not sufficient public spirit about Wyndham for anything. I endorse that, so far, when such a person is tolerated as an exponent of the ratepayers' views ; but, as I said at the outset, this self-constituted critio (since very bfew notice him) must needs blow his own. trumpet, or the world would be ignorant of his existence. I know the ratepayers about Wyndham tolerably well, and I feel satisfied that they have sufficient confidence in the South idling' Councillors that their interests will be attendCed to, and I have very grave doubts whether " Ratelpayer," if elected to be a Councillor, would be little better than an offioious'meddler; for, if he cannot as a " Ratepayer" act as a reasonable man, it oan hardly be hoped that he would improve when possessed of more power. In conclusion, I have only to say tfor myself, that I have tried to act strainghttorwardly in the past, and it will go hard with me if I do not do so for the future, and I hold the belief that my fellow Councillors are actuated by the same motives, If" Ratepayer" would try a little dose of a mixture of consistency, common sense, and moderation, I think it "would do him good. Lot him stick to narratives about skinless barley and almighty caterpillars when again he uses his powerful pen. ONE OF THE SiX COUNoILLOnS ON THE PLAINs. 