English Mail British and Foreign Bible Society. — At the annual meeting of this society the chair was taken by the president, the Earl of Shaftes bury, and on the platform were the Bishop of London, the Bishop of Norwich, Bishop Ryan, Bishop Claughton, and the Bishop of Nelson, besides numerous clergymen. The society claims a just precedence among the noble institutions which have been celebrating their anni versaries at the present season. Our readers will gladly gather that there is no falling off in the warm attachment of its friends, or in the great results realised through its operations. The chairman made a short but telling speech. He said : — ' I will call your attention only to one event. I will not comment upon the history of our operations in Russia — perhaps the greatest opening yet made for access to many millions of human souls — but I will call your attention to one event which is not mentioned in the report. I am certainly somewhat as tonished — knowing as I do the intense zeal and feeling of my worthy friends the secretaries of this society — that it should have slipped their memory. They told you of the grand operations of the society in the kingdom of Italy, and that the Bible is being circulated in Rome. Very true and very good, but they omitted this grand fact — that Rome has established for herself a native and a national Bible Society. It is to be the Bible Society of the kingdom of Italy — the Bible Society that is to flourish under the very eye of the Pope himself, and despite all his hostility andT all his menace. I rejoice that they will have a national society; And I trust that they mil assert their own independence — that Jthf^will not allow themselves to be in leading strings, that they \Vf *iot £e a society simply affiliated to us, but that they will f ha fa national Italian Bible Society of their own. This would call XJth.- an immense amount of energy on the part of the nation, and woul3 cau&e; a great develop ment of feeling and principle, and they would-^^1 naturally proud of the great effort they are making in defengpMJE the Word of God. Let the Italians themselves manage to get fid of the temporal power of the Pope — which they have nearly got rid of already — hut let them look at the remnant of that temporal power which yet remains in the feeble hands of that tottering but well-intended old man. With respect to the spiritual power, this country and this society will do (as we are doing) all that in us lies, by the circulation of the Scriptures and every aid the Christian cause can give, to enable them to demolish the last great stronghold of Satan — the spiritual power of the Pope of Rome.' Society for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews. — The report of this society thus concludes : — ' They would remind you, in conclusion, that now the Jews 'as concerning the gospel are enemies for your sakes ; but as touching the election they are beloved for the fathers' sakes' — an expression which applies to them alone. How is it true of the Jews ? It is one of the mysteries of the Chris tian faith that the Gentiles have been called into the fold of Christ through the falling away of the Jews. ' Ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief.' There are special promises of blessing to all who seek the good of Israel. How could these blessings be obtained two thousand years ago ? When the Jews alone had the light, the covenants, the pro phecies, how could poor Gentiles then bless those thus pre-eminently blessed of God 1 But ' blindness in part is happened to Israel,' and they have rejected their Messiah. Do we believe the promised blessing ? Let us win it by declaring to them that Jesus who has been sent to bless them in turning them away from their iniquities. ' These also now (have) not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.' The falling away of Israel is a necessary precursor of the times of restitution of all things, ' for God hath con cluded them all in unbelief, that He might have mercy upon all.' As concerning the gospel, therefore, they are enemies for your sakes, for their falling away is ' the riches of the Gentiles ,-' affords oppor tunities of doing them good and gaining a blessing ; and marvel lously, though mysteriously, prepares for the advent of that daj' when the kingdoms, which are the purchase, will become the possession of David's Son and David's Lord, and ' of His kingdom there shall be ? no end.' ' The Earl of Shaf tesbury in the course of his opening address gave a personal anecdote : — ' I can answer for their gratitude from communications which I have received from the Jews in Germany for the part which this country took in defending the Jews from per secution in Eoumania. Never did I feel more grateful than one clay, when I was walking in the park, a day or two after I had been speaking at a meeting in favour of the Jews, which was presided over by the Lord Mayor. A Jew, with an old clothes bag on his back, came up to me and said, 'My lprd, you have spoken in defence of me ; may the blessing of the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob descend on you and yours for ever.' I regarded him with the respect with, which I regard almost every Jew, and thought that possibly I might have been thus blessed by a descendant of the Prophet Isaiah.' The Ikish Chukch Synod. — The Irish Church has passed safely through the most critical part of the work she undertook when she ? entered upon the task of liturgical revision. Of all other questions: the doctrine of the Lord's Supper was the most likely to awaken hot ' debate, and to prove the dividing line of parties. In revising the rubrics of the communion service no difficulty was experienced in adopting the recommendations of the revision committee, and pro hibiting in language of the utmost precision and stringency all acts calculated to invest the ordinance with a sacrificial character, or expressive of adoration towards the consecrated elements. It was when the synod came to the declaration on kneeling appended to the communion service, known as the black rubric, that the real diffi culty arose. At this point the deliberations of the synod stood for more than a week. The conflict of opinion was hot, and the progress of the debate was watched throughout all Ireland with deep anxiety and with the most intense interest. Repeated divisions took place, and there appeared at one time to be considerable danger of a lame and impotent conclusion. We the more thankfully recognise the good hand of God in the result which was finally reached — a result which, even if it be not all that could be wished, yet affords, in our opinion, grounds for sincere satisfaction. They proposed an addition to the declaration to the effect that, as some persons had evaded its mean ing by teaching that there was, by virtue of consecration, a presence of Christ, or of His body and blood, in or under the consecrated elements, to which adoration may and ought to be done, such teaching was not permitted by the Church of Ireland. To understand the prolonged debate to which this proposal gave rise, it must be borne in mind that there are at least four distinct parties represented in the synod of the Irish Church which took different views of this matter. In the first place there is a very small minority of extreme high churchmen who hold more or less distinctly the doctrine of Mr. Bennett, and who, believing in the presence of the true body and blood of Christ in the bread and wine, were naturally anxious that the language of the declaration should not be made more stringent. In the next place a party, not weak in numbers, and considerable in Station and influence, were anxious that no additional stringency should be given to the declaration because they wished to keep the church as comprehensive as possible, and were afraid of secession. To this party the bishops generally belonged. A third party con sisted of moderate revisionists — men whose opinions generally corre spond with those of the evangelical section of the Church of England, resolute against Romish teaching, but anxious not to push changes ? further than circumstances rendered absolutely necessary. These men, for the most part, supported the proposal of the Revision Com mittee, although some of their number did not consider it to go far enough, or to be sufficiently definite. But a fourth party carried this feeling still further, and were resolute at all hazards to exclude once and for ever the slightest: shadow of Romish doctrine. This party contained many laymen ft?' great ability and influence, and greatly distinguished themselves by their debating power. They had the advantage of thoroughly knowing their own mind, which was more than some clerical -iSembers of the synod appeared to do. After a week of debate, the proposal of the Revision Committee was adopted by so decided a majority of both orders as to show beyond dispute the firm resolution of the Irish Church to maintain its Scriptural Protes tantism unimpaired. The following is the wording of the debated proposition : — ' That, immediately after the declaration, at the end of the communion service, beginning, ' Whereas it is ordained,' &c;, there be added the following declaration : ' Whereas questions have been raised as to the meaning and intention of the preceding declara tion, and it hath been taught by some that by virtue of consecration there is in or under the form of the elements a presence of Christ or of Christ's flesh and blood, unto which adoration may or ought to be done, it is hereby declared that such teaching is not permitted by the Church of Ireland.' ' Irish Church Synod. — Sir Joseph Napier thus reviews the late session of the General Synod of the Church of Ireland : — ' We have \- passed a very important bill on the new lectionary, which comes into operation on the 1st July; and. for the shortening.of the services, and making them, what had been long felt a difficulty in our way, from the stringency of the uniformity law, flexible and capable of being adapted to special occasions, so as to enable those services to be more useful according to the altered circumstances of the country, and so to meet the various requirements of the church, generally under the control of the ordinary. ; With regard to the other work, there had been a previous committee, and they passed a number of recommendations. Now, every one of these recommendations has been adopted in the Revision Committee, and as far as we have gone has been passed, with the exception of one. That is the one still left incomplete — namely, with regard to the Ordinal. The canons, of 1634 we carefully reviewed, and we have now a most complete set of canons, in which there are provisions dealing with those practices by means of which certain persons obtruded their opinions upon the worshippers. The minister of the church has no more right to obtrude a practice symbolical of a special doctrine in the formulary than he would use words to express that practice. We have excluded all practices at variance with the doctrines of the church. There should be no service in any church of which a conscientious church man in it could not conscientiously partake. I think so far we have been acting in a right direction. We have been completing the old foundations of doctrine. While we have preserved all the lawful liberty of the church with regard to opinion, we have repressed all unlawful practices. And see what we have done, then, in other respects. The two sacramental offices were those in which, perhaps, most difficulty was to be found by our laity. Well, now, with regard to one of these, we passed a rubric which does not alter it. So far as it goes, it explains — some people may think it is not altogether what they would like — and it puts in express words the liberty which we have. But my belief is, that the greater number of objections with regard to the formularies arise from the imperfect knowledge of their meaning. Persons first put their own meaning upon the church's words ; but the teaching for which the church is responsible should be held essentially distinct from the private opinion which her mem bers hold on their own responsibility. Now, with regard^ to the baptismal service, I would like it much more simplified and short. But, as I understand the church's words according to the church's meaning of the words, I cannot feel any difficulty or objection ; I know others do, and I am quite willing to consider the difficulties of others, and to meet them if we can ; but I do not think exactly that we can be called upon to disturb the church's words, which are to be taken in the meaning of the church, and in which the reformers put them there. But I think it a fair thing that something explanatory, when a difficulty arises, should be upon the face of the Prayer-book, that it may be referred to to show that the private meaning is not the meaning the church put upon them. We have dealt cautiously %yith the subject. With regard to Communion we have a clear, decisive, unambiguous expression of what the church's teaching is. We have a canon that prohibits all practice that contradicts that teaching, and we have added a simple rubric of explanation, what we lawyers call a declaratory rubric, at the end of the black rubric. Thus the doctrine of the church is made clear and firm. The practice of the church is established ; and the teaching, as a matter of private opinion, is now by means of the addition to the black rubric made so plain that if a man chooses to go against it, he acts against the clear luminous law of the church now set forth in sunshine to him ; and if he chooses to go against that, he must take the consequences. ? We have, therefore, provided as to both these sacramental offices. We have taken away that absolution from the Visitation of the Sick which, to say the least of it, had an ambiguous shape.' In the course of further remarks, Sir Joseph expressed concurrence in the decision negativing a change in the form of the Ordinal. The Division on Me. Miall's Motion.— The number of mem bers who took part in the division was 417. The majority by whom the resolution was opposed consisted of 288 English, 31 Scotch, and 37 Irish members ; and the minority who supported it of 47 English, ? 10 Scotch, and 4 Irish. The majority contained 235 Conservatives and 121 Liberals. A letter to the Times, signed ' M.P.,' brings out some telling points in the way of analysis : — ' By the represen tatives for Scotland, which is usually regarded as the most radical of the three kingdoms, Mr. Miall's motion was rejected by three to one ; by the representatives of England, confessedly the most cultivated and opulent portion of the united realm, it was rejected by six to one; and by the representatives of Ireland, where alone the experiment of disestablishment has been actually tried, its further application to Great Britain was deprecated by no less than 12 to 1. Several of those who in former years had been beguiled into supporting the abstract proposition that voluntaryism ought to be enforced by law, seem to have repented of their error, while hardly one new recruit followed Mr. Miall into the lobby. Of the Irish members'1' only three could be induced to do so ; while the Roman Catholics in a body abstained altogether from meddling in the controversy. What Mr. Miall probably did not anticipate was the finding himself beaten by nearly two to one of the Liberal party. Last session it was other wise, and he could fairly aver that, though unsuccessful, in the whole House his flag floated higher than that of moderate Liberalism, and he might not unreasonably have reckoned on its being made the party banner at the hustings next year. All such illusions, however, have been now dispelled. The preponderant weight, not only of Whig statesmanship but of Radical ability, has been decisively cast into the scale against him. With the exception of Mr. Bright and Mr. Fawcett, no man of political rank or influence was found among his supporters, while all the notabilities of the party either refrained from voting or went the other way.' In the course of an article on the recent debate, the Wesleyan paper, the Watchman, makes some valuable remarks : — ' It will be observed that recently a marked change has come over the English mind. ' Disestablishment,' when it meant, as in the case of the Irish Church, the disestablishment of a church alien in doctrine and sympathy with the belief of the majority of the Celtic people, was a great ' cry,' by which Mr. Miall profited; but when the scene is changed to England, what do we find ? The situation entirely different. The Church of England is not in any sense an alien institution, and the people at large are more thoroughly Protestant even than many of the clergy. Hence in rural districts at the present time there is often as much- attach ment to the church as in- olden times. For tbe English Church is to many the landmark of the Reformation, and its danger lies, rather from ritualistic sappers than from the people at large. It is here that Mr.. Miall makes his mistake. In some large, manufacturing towns he may hold enthusiastic meetings, and the fiat may go forth that the, Church is to be ' disestablished ;' but in ' Rural England' a very different verdict would be given. . . . While we agree with the Prime Minister that the disendowment of the English Church is not at the present time called for, and that Mr. Miall's propositions lack political sagacity, we arc compelled to ask how it is that a church so richly endowed should be reduced to such straits as to sanction a \- bogging crusade' for ' poor curates.' Surely there should be some thing to spare for curates who have to go through a university train ing, from the full revenues of a church which is doing so well. . . But' the broad fact remains, that the people of England are attached to the English Church, and Methodism, by act or deed, has never sought to weaken this attachment. It has been felt that the action of isolated ministers of the church, who have refused burial to the children of Methodists, is rather to be traced to individual bigotry than to any other source, and that the old haughty indifference of the clergyman towards the Wesleyan ministers is in most places fast fading away. Even where the time-honoured head of the parish church is confronted with the walls of a Wesleyan chapel, there need be no cause for discord. Like two streams which run parallel for some distance and then branch off, both helping to beautify the land scape, and touching with the fringe of their moisture flower and plant which would otherwise decay, so the Church and Methodism may both pursue their courses, helping forward the- common cause of humanity, and gathering into the great fold of the Eedeemer thousands of soiils needing the Water of Life.' ? Archdeacon Sinclair's Charge. — In the charge delivered at his annual visitation of the Archdeaconry of Middlesex, the Vene rable Archdeacon said that a spirit of innovation was now energetic ally at work throughout the church, and there was now less dread of change than in former times. Mcasnres, which in his younger days would have been denounced at once as revolutionary and ex travagant, were listened to without surprise, and seriously discussed. The proposed improvements in statements of doctrine, in rules of discipline, and in modes of worship, were so numerous and various as to be absolutely bewildering. The Legislature devotes (said the Archdeacon) to church questions an increasing portion of every session. It has disestablished the Church of Ireland, and has more than once debated on the disestablishment of the Church of England. The convocation of Canterbury, having within the last few years been roused from the long torpor of 130 years, is evincing all the activity of renewed animation, and has appointed nofewer than 36 committees, all of which have been of late busily engaged in investigating and reporting on an equal number of miscellaneous propositions. A Eoyal Commission also, after months of arduous inquiry and delibe ration, in the course of which it held no fewer than 108 sittings, has presented to Her Majesty four reports, suggesting 72 amendments in the rubrics of our Book of Common Prayer. An influential voluntary association, under the name of the Church Congress, held annual meetings at the most important provincial towns, with the view of stimulating the inhabitants to join in clearing away the dust and mildew which had accumulated in the course of years to impede the free action of church machinery. To all these various sources of agitation must be added diocesan conferences, achidiaconal meetings, ruri-decanal chapters, and parochial councils, not to mention tracts, pamphlets, reviews, as well as the daily and weekly press. Among the blessings and advantages already enjoyed, in dependently of all innovation, was the unquestioned and unquestion able rule of faith, the authorised canon of Holy Scripture. They had next a translation of the Holy Scripture into the vernacular tongue, which, in respect of accuracy, force, and beauty, was in estimably excellent, and which happily had been adopted (which no new version would be) not only by all the branches of our own church, but by the great body of Protestant Christians in every part of the earth where our language is spoken. After referring to the Book of Common Prayer and other means of grace, the Archdeacon proceeded to remark that the church in. England and Wales alone possessed the remarkable and daily-increasing aggregate of above 15,000 churches and chapels, many of them of surpassing beauty and grandeur, the precious relics of ancient piety and munificence. The rates on real property, by which in former times they were upheld, could not now be enforced by legal process, but let them not forget that church-rates were still the law of the land, and to a large extent were still actually levied. The church enjoyed, moreover, a large independent revenue for the support of many thousand parochial clergy, who, living to a great extent independently of voluntary con tribution, might devote their minds without distraction to the ministry of God's Word and sacraments. The church had provision also for a hierarchy, who, associating on equal terms with the higher gentry and nobility of the land, might leaven with a wholesome spiritual influence the whole mass of society. In no country through out Christendom did the clergy occupy the same elevated position as in England, and in no country were they enabled, by their birth, rank, habits, education, and. connections, to exert a religious influence so manifestly powerful for good. And if ever they were tempted to undervalue the providential bounty in this respect, let them consider what their position would be if their endowments were withdrawn, and no resources were left them but the voluntary offerings of the people. The pathetic appeals which constantly reach them from their unendowed or disendowed brethren in Ireland, Scotland, and the colonies, afforded them a salutary as well as formidable warning. These were some of the more prominent blessings which, through 'God's mercy, the church already enjoyed, independently of all the changes now under discussion. The Colonial Church Bill. — Lord Blachford, in moving the second reading of this Bill, explained that, in consequence of the doubts which had arisen respecting the validity of letters patent nominating colonial bishops in'colonies to which; the right of self government had been granted, bishops were no longer so nominated to those colonies. As long as the bishops were appointed by letters patent, property held by them in trust passed regularly to their suc cessors ; but doubts.had arisen respecting the transmission of property from bishops so appointed to bishops who Tiad been accepted as suc cessors to them by the clergy and laity of the dioceses.. To meet this difficulty, the first portion of the Bill provided that in the case of any such property application might be made to Her Majesty in Council for her approval of a scheme for its future transmission and disposal, and for ratifying any past disposal of the same. There was a clause to provide that the application should be in substantial conformity with the wishes of the clergy and laity of the diocese. The second part of the Bill would remove a disqualification under which clergy ordained by colonial bishops not appointed by letters patent now laboured, in consequence of the provisions of an Act of the 59 George III. The 9th section of the Bill would make it lawful for the Arch bishop of Canterbury, the Archbishop of York, or the Bishop of London, or any bishop specially authorised by any one of them, to admit into holy orders, without the title required by the canon of the Church of England, any person whom he should, upon examina tion, deem duly qualified for the cure of souls, or officiating in any spiritual capacity, elsewhere than in England. The 11th section pro vided that no person admitted into holy orders by foreign or colonial bishops, or by any archbishop or bishop under the authority of the 9th section, should be entitled to hold any benefice or other ecclesiastical preferment in England, other than a deanery or resi dentiary canonry, without the consent in writing of the bishop of the diocese, who would be entitled to refuse his consent without assign ing any reason. The Archbishop of Canterbury thought their Lord ships would agree with him in thinking that the Episcopal Bench had exercised a wise discretion in committing the intricate matters with which this Bill dealt to the only man in their Lordships' House or in England who really understood them. And he thought the bishops were fully warranted in imposing the task on the noble Lord, because he believed the noble Lord had had a hand in the establish ment of the system which had given rise to the difficulties which the Bill was intended to remove. In 1841, when the Colonial Bishoprics Fund was first instituted, there were only ten colonial bishops in existence ; but since then the number had increase! to fifty-five. The number of dioceses had rapidly increased, and with but little help from England, so that the grievances with which the Bill dealt were felt by a very large number of bishops and clergy. He did not think that the intricacies which had been the caiise of snch embarrassment could be attributed to ecclesiastical legislation. It could not have been foreseen that one court would declare the letters patent value less, and that another court would decide that the jurisdiction of the bishops appointed under them could be enforced. Ifc seemed to him that there was only one course to be adopted — that of making a olean sweep of the whole of the existing legislation on the subject. That was the course proposed in this Bill. The O'Keeffe Case. — A verdict was found in the action of Father O'Keeffe v. Cardinal Cullen. The Lord Chief Justice directed the jury that the plaintiff was at law entitled to a verdict, and that the only question for them to consider was the amount of damages. On this positive and repeated declaration of the Chief Justice, the jury awarded one farthing damages; and Chief Justice Whiteside thereupon certified that the plaintiff was entitled to receive his costs. The O'Keeffe scandal involves a direct struggle between the laws of the United Kingdom and the laws of Eome. Here is a priest, nearly sixty years of age, whose personal character and morality has not been assailed by his enemies during this fierce controversy. At May nooth he distinguished himself by the study of Hebrew and the canon law, which did not belong to the educational routine. When he attained his post as a manager, he made himself remarked by his energy, in planning new schools, collecting funds, selecting good masters, and by personally teaching. His first bishop, Dr. Walsh, was an old man of a choleric and overbearing temper, who, without regard to canon law, prosecuted one of his own clergy in a civil court. On one occasion he grossly libelled Father O'Keeffe, who, taking a leaf out of his own bishop's book, prosecuted him at common law, and compelled him to compromise the affair by paying £500 as compensation on account of building expenses for which the priest ' was responsible. But Bishop Walsh resolved to have his revenge, and licensed two priests to officiate as curates in Mr. O'Keeffe's parish without his concurrence, and give him all the annoyance in their power. A daily contemporary remarks : — ' There have been in the English establishment clerical scandals involving offences more grave ; but the vituperation, the coarse language, the profanity, the unseemliness of the acts and words that made a little heli of this Irish parish, have seldom been exceeded ; and the blame must mainly rest with the bishop, who evidently made _ the vituperative curates the instruments of his episcopal spite.' Father O'Keeffe retaliated in fierce language, defied the biehop, and denounced the intruding curates. He again prosecuted the bishop, but failed in consequence of the curates making oath that the words charged as slanderous were not spoken by desire of that worthy ecclesiastic. But as against' the most virulent of the curates he obtained a verdict. Then it was that Cardinal Cullen came into the field, and the solitary priest seemed at first overawed and disposed to submit. He apologised, and was ready to retire for a season. But the proud prelate pushed his advantage too far, and, not content with a temporary suspension, insisted on O'KcefEe's submission being both public and humiliating. He was unwilling to give such a triumph to his enemies, and after negotiations (which Bishop Walsh's death had made easier) the compromise broke down altogether. He was then suspended by a decree published in his parish, which probably seemed all the more terrible to the people because it was in Latin. This was the origin of the action for damages, which the jury, by way of compromise, assessed at one farthing. There were two libels alleged, the one contained in the Latin proclamation of suspension; the other in a proclamation laying an interdict on the chapel in which Father O'Keeffe said mass. The priest alleged, as part of the injuries done him, Ms 'dismissal from the office of chaplain of tb_e Union Workhouse at Callan. The cardinal pleaded the rescript from Eome as his authority to investigate the case and condemn Mr. O'Keeffe. The priest denied the cardinal's rightto proceed under the rescript, and he further denied that the recourse to the Queen's Courts by one ecclesiastic against another was recognised as an offence by his church in Ireland. The question of law, whether a defence of privilege founded on a papal rescript could be sustained, was argued on demurrer last term, and decided in favour of the plea, the majority of the court, however, holding that the rescript was illegal in itself, though the court admitted its validity to sustain a plea of privilege. The question is not yet finally decided by the verdict of one farthing damages, for neither party is inclined to a compromise. There may yet be a new trial. Meanwhile, the dispute between the school board and the priest is not affected by the legal decision. Special Missiok in the Meteopolis. — The following circular has been addressed to the metropolitan clergy in the dioceses of Lon don, Winchester, and Eochester : — ' Eev. and dear Brethren— After much communication with many of the parochi.il clergy we have resolved to recommend that a special simultaneous mission be held in the metropolis before Lent, 1874, to begin on Sunday, the 8th of February, ten days before Ash Wednesday. The main object of the mission is to bring the ungodly and unconverted into tlae fold of Christ, but we are convinced that nothing is better fitted to quicken the spiritual life of all members of the church than that they should give their hearty co-operation to such a work. We do not think it necessary that the direct work of the mission should be carried on in every parish. It must be left to the discretion of the parochial clergy to determine whether or no it shall be brought into their own spiritual cure. But parishes into which it is not judged expedient to introduce its active working may yet take their part in it, and do much to secure its success by joining earnestly and continuously in prayers for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit of God, without which all its labours will be in vain. We very earnestly entreat you to join in these prayers. We ask you thus early from our deep conviction that one essential preparation for the successful working of the actual mission is fervent, long-continued prayer. We beg you affectionately to lead your flocks to give that mighty aid to our efforts ; to pray that God for Christ's sake would, by the operation of the Holy Ghost, prepare the hearts of those whom we would save to receive the message of His great love. Entreat Him also, we beseech you, to fit the messengers who bear the tidings of His love to speak from souls full of His grace to the very souls of their brethren ; from hearts warm with the love of Christ, of Christ crucified for sinners. We do not think it necessary to lay down special rules for the conduct of the mission. There must be much elasticity in such an attempt to make it suit the different characters and needs of various parishes, and we do not desire to restrain this necessary liberty, only reminding you that the services conducted in churches and licensed chapels are confined by law, except as to hymns and anthems, to the words of Holy Scripture and the Book of Common Prayer. With the assurance of our earnest prayers for God's blessing on your efforts, we are your faithful friends and brethren in Christ, J. London, S. Winton, T. L. KOCHESTEK.' 