SERMON PreaoJied by tJie Lord Bishop of Melbourne, at the Town Hall, Mel bourne, on Hospital Sunday, 28th September, 1873. 'Ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though He was rich, yet, for your sakes, He became poor, that ye, through His poverty, might be rich.' — 2 Cor. viii. 9. When our blessed Lord was asked, 'Which is the great commandment in the law?' He answered, ' Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great command ment.' And, He added, ' the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyselr. ' On these two com mandments hang all the law and the prophets,' i.e., in these two commandments is comprehended the whole moral law. They are also inseparably connected with each other. The man who truly loves God cannot but love his neighbour also; and no man can love his neighbour unless he love God. But man does not naturally love either God or his neigh bour. Unaided by revelation, man is wholly ignorant of God. The history of the world proves this. All nations, both ancient and modern, which have been left to exercise their own unassisted reason, have substituted as objects of worship, in the place of the one living and true God, who created the heavens and the earth, either creatures of his hand, such as the sun and moon, or a multitude of imaginary beings, such as Baal and Ashtoreth of the Zidonians, and Bel and Nebo of the Babylonians, or such as the fabulous gods and goddesses of the Greeks and Romans. Of these it is impos sible to conceive that any should be loved by their worshippers. The qualities with which they were supposed to be endowed were all calculated to impress with terror, not to inspire with affection, those who believed in them. Nor does man, when he has acquired by revelation a more correct idea of God, naturally love Him. For man cannot love God unless he be assured of God's love to him. And how can he who is conscious, as every man however he may endeavour to hide it from himself must be conscious, of his own unholiness and unrighteousness, his pride, and covetous ness, and selfishness, believe that God, in whom co-exist in their perfection all moral excellencies, who is absolutely holy and inflexibly just, can love one so unlike Himself 1 How, again, can he who knows God to be entitled to, and to claim, his undivided homage and unreserved obedience, and who has, nevertheless, all his life withheld that homage and obedience, believe himself to be loved of God 1 That man does not naturally love God, we have a proof in the fallacious reasoning, by which many among us endeavour to persuade themselves that the records of holy Scripture are only a collection of fabulous tales ; and either that there is no such being as God, or that, if such a being exist, He takes no part in the government of the world, and does not at all con cern Himself about the character and conduct of men. We have also proof in the fact that so many, while they profess to believe in God, put away the thought of Him as much as possible out of their minds, thus making it manifest that they have no love for Him. For any one whom we love we delight to think of, and to hold intercourse with, we desire to please in all we do, and therefore to keep always in our remembrance Nor are the would-be infidels, and such as live in habitual forgetfulness of God, the only witnesses to the fact that, even when the light of revelation is shining around him, and upon him, man does not naturally love God. For, besides these two classes of the irreligious, there is a large class of religious men and women, i.e., men and women who are attentive to what are called religious duties, who daily read their Bibles, and say their prayers, who attend public worship on Sundays, and moreover do many good works, but who in all that they do are actuated by another motive than the love of God. Those to whom I am now referring conscientiously endeavour to discharge what they regard as their duty towards God ; but their service is rendered in the spirit of hirelings labouring for their promised wages, not of children striving to obtain their father's approving smile. Like the Jews of old, they are endeavouring to establish a righteousness of their own, wherein, ? although they may persuade themselves that they satisfy the requirements of God, they never can feel any real love towards Him. The fact is, that man from his earliest infancy gives abun dant proofs of his having been born in sin, and his sinful nature makes him to regard God as his enemy, not his friend ; as a righteous Judge who will punish him for his iniquity, not an affectionate Father who yearns over him to do him good. He cannot, therefore, naturally love God. And as man does not naturally love God, so neither does he naturally love his neighbour. A man naturally loves his father and mother, his wife and children, and other near rela tives. He naturally loves his personal friends and those who have shown him kindness. But he does not naturally love his neighbour, in the comprehensive sense in which our Lord has taught us, by the parable of the good Samaritan, to understand the term. He does not love, does not manifest a compassionate regard for every one, known or unknown, who is in distress, and needs his assistance. Whatever may be said, and much may with truth be said, of the good qualities of human nature, of the sympathy and kindness which are to be met with in the world, there is inherent in every man from his birth a natural sel fishness. Hateful as the word sounds in our ears, eagerly as we would vindicate ourselves from the charge of being under its dominion, this is the ruling principle, the invariable characteristic of mankind. Different as are the forms which it assumes in different men, it is in them all essentially the same. The extravagant and the penurious, the liberal and the covetous; those who are ever striving to raise themselves in the world, and those who do not care to rise; the tender-hearted husband and father, and the man who appears destitute of any affection for others — all these alike naturally 'seek their own,' their own enrichment or aggrandisement, or the gratification of their own feelings or tastes, according to their several innate dis positions and inclinations. Thus we might conceive even a phi lanthropist like Howard, in the exercise of his benevolence, to be actuated by the desire of self-gratification. Such a case indeed has probably never occurred; for pity, which is a natural feeling, although it will frequently prompt a man to relieve a fellow-creature in distress, will very seldom induce one to take any trouble, or put himself to any inconvenience, or forego any gratification, in order that he may supply the wants, or miti gate the pain, or soothe the sorrow of an unknown sufferer. The occasion on which we are now assembled suggests an illustration of this. Within the various public institutions for which your contributions are this day solicited are hundreds if men and women suffering from bodily disease or infirmity, ivhile outside of them are many hundreds more diversely ifflicted in mind, body, or estate ; and yet what are those who lave abundance of money for the gratification of their own lesires and tastes, and those who have health and leisure for visiting their acquaintance, doing towards the relief and con iolation of these, their neighbours 1 How few, comparatively, :ontribute toward the supply of their necessities ; how few ndicate any sympathy with them in their pains and sorrows. Are we, therefore, to conclude that no man can love God, -r love his neighbour ? Certainly not. The Apostle John, in lis first epistle, takes for granted that all to whom he was vriting did love God ; and I doubt not that many in Victoria, '. trust that many in this hall, can now appeal to God and say, ' Lord, Thou knowest all things ; Thou knowest that I love ?.'?' , /, ??: . ,'? ???? V V ? ? ':???? 'C:':^0k'- ?' : y ? ??'?? *?:? :...? . ;.:-;; ?-:.,? ??' ?.'??: ?.??'?? ^' ^^ili^ . Thee.' And they who can say with truth that they love God, can say also that they love their neighbours ; if not as them selves, yet so as to desire and endeavour to the utmost of their power to do him good. How, then,, is this change in the natural feeling of man to God, and to his fellow-men, produced 1 The simple answer is — By faith in Jesus Christ. Hereby man is enabled to love God. ' We love God,' writes the apostle, ' because He first loved us ;' and because (for this is essential) ' we have known and believed the love that (He) hath to us ;' not merely, be it observed, the love that He has shown to us in our creation : for manifold as are the proofs of divine wisdom and care for our well-being in the structure of our bodies and the faculties of our minds, sin has so marred them both that we could none of us love God merely because He had made us what we are by our creation. Nor, again, is it the love which He shows to us in the bounties of his pro vidence; for, while we cannot but recognise God's goodness in supplying our wants, and furnishing so many materials for our happiness in this life, yet, when we contem plate the misery which abounds on every side of us, and when we ourselves experience the 'pain and anguish,' which at some time or other ' dim the brow' of every man, we could not, unless we had some surer ground of confidence than his providence, believe in the love of God toward us. The love, by the knowledge and belief of which we are enabled to love God, is the love which He has manifested, not in the creation or providential government, but in the redemption of the world. ' In this,' writes the apostle, ' was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only-begotten Son into the world, that we might live through Him;' and again, ' Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us, and sent his Son to be a propitiation for our sins.' I stop not' now — it does not belong to my present purpose— to answer the arguments, which men who disbelieve the gospel allege against the reasonableness of an atonement for the sins of the world, such as the Bible tells us was offered by the Son of God in our nature upon the cross at Calvary. What I wish you to observe is simply the fact, which I su]3pose none will venture to dispute, that those who believe in that atonement, and who believe that because of it God has forgiven them all their sins, and given unto them the spirit of adoption, enabling them to call Him 'Abba, Father,' do actually love God as none others beside them love Him. They may be scoffed at for their credulity, they may be smiled upon as amiable enthusiasts, but the fact remains — they love God because they believe Him to have so loved them as to give His only begotten Son that they might not perish, but have everlasting life. And this love which they have to God is such that no out ward circumstances can in any degree weaken it. For, while they receive every earthly blessing as the gift of their Heavenly Father, they receive also every affliction as the chastening, the wise and loving correction, of the same Father. Far from being at all diminished by suffering, the love of a believer in . Christ to God never shows itself more conspicuously than in the seasons of sorrow and sickness, and at the approach of ? death. Then, when the flesh and the heart fail, the experi ence which he has of God being the strength of his heart and his portion for ever often makes the soul of the Christian to burn with the most ardent love to his divine benefactor. Moreover, it is a fact which none can dispute that those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ love God in a manner that none besides them love Him, so also it is a fact which the world practically acknowledges that they also, as none others, love their neighbour likewise. For to whom does a person in distress usually apply for relief? Is it not to those whom he regards as true Christians, and whom, because they are true Christians, he expects to sympathise with him in his suffering. It is from them that the hungry expect to receive food and the thirsty drink, the naked clothes and the stranger a lodg ing, the sick and in prison a visit of sympathy and consolation. On whom does a collector for any benevolent, institution rely . with the greatest confidence for subscriptions? Is it not upon those who manifest their faith in Jesus Christ by their con tributions to the building of churches, and the maintenance of clergymen, and by their exertions in all other ways to promote the knowledge of the gospel among their fellow-men 1 Men of the world, while unable to appreciate the self-denying labours of earnest Christians for the spiritual, cannot but recog nise their efforts for the physical and moral benefit of others. For to whom do we in Yictoria owe our orphan asylums, our model lodging-houses, our ragged schools, our Ladies' Bene volent Society, as well as our Eefuge, and our City Mission, but to those whom the love of God as their Father in Christ ' constrains, as they have opportunity, to do good unto all men. So now, when additional funds are required for the Hospitals, the Benevolent Asylums, and other kindred institutions, the appeal is specially made to that portion of our people who by their attendance at public worship on the Lord's Day profess at least their faith in Christ. This ' Hospital Sunday' testifies to the fact that the world acknowledges the love of our neighbour to be distinctive of the true Christian. The love of their neighbour, as well as the love of God, is confes sedly the characteristic of such as truly believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. Seeing then, my brethren, that we none of us naturally love God or our neighbour, but that all real love to either is the effect of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and that by such love the true Christian is distinguished from other men, it behoves us, first of all, to examine ourselves by this test whether or not we are true Christians. If we have this evidence of the reality of our faith in Christ, then we may rejoice in the assur ance that we have been born again of the Holy Ghost, and are children of God, and heirs of everlasting life. On the other hand, if this evidence of our faith be lacking, nothing else will suffice to supply its want. 'Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels,' wrote the Apostle Paul, 'and have not charity (i.e., the love to our neighbour, which is the necessary accompaniment of the love of God), I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mys teries, and all knowledge ; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.' It must be confessed, however, that even in the true Christian this love is always defective. It never attains unto the perfect standard, which is set before us in the Word of God. Through that influence which the flesh, our. corrupt nature, continues to exercise even upon those who have been born again of the Spirit, we can none of us love God as we are commanded, with all our heart, and with all our soul, and with all our mind, neither can we love our neighbour as ourselves. It behoves us, therefore, in the next place, if ive be true Christians, to endeavour that we may root out more entirely from our hearts the selfishness which still inheres in them, and may feel within ourselves, and manifest in our lives, more fervent self-denying love both towards God and toward man. The occasion of our assembling here this afternoon especially suggests for our con sideration the question — ' How shall we most effectually stir , up in our souls that love to our neighbour which will show itself in ministering to the relief of those who are in distress?' and to this, the apostle, in my text, has furnished the answer. When he would persuade the disciples at Corinth to abound in the grace of Christian liberality, he reminded them of what they themselves had received from Christ, and at what a cost to Himself Christ had procured it for them. 'Ye know,' he wrote, ' the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though He was rich, yet for your sakes He become poor, that ye, through his poverty, might be rich.' My brethren, do you know this grace of Christ ? Do you believe that ' though He was rich,' the Son of God, partaker of the same nature with the Father, invested with the same ? . divine glory, and exercising a supreme power over the universe, ' yet He became poor,' made Himself of no reputation (liter ally emptied Himself, i.e., of his own proper majesty), and took upon Him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of man ; and being found in fashion as a man humbled Himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross? And do you believe that He thus ' became poor' for your sakes; 'that ye' — ye who were formerly poor, having nothing good in yourselves, nothing for your souls to feed upon, no righteousness wherewith to clothe yourselves,, no spiritual endowments, nothing to hope for in the life to come ; ' ye, through his poverty' — this emptying and hunib ling of Himself — might be rich, might be endowed with the precious gifts of the Spirit, and made heirs of eternal blessed ness and glory? If you believe this, oh! reflect upon the inconceivable depth of Christ's humiliation, and the equally inconceivable height of your exaltation through that humilia tion. Reflect upon the love of God the Father in giving his well-beloved Son, and upon the love of God the Son in giving Himself thus to live, and suffer, and die, as a man, the repre sentative of the whole sinful family of mankind, that you, and all who believe in Him, might be pardoned of God, begotten again by the Holy Ghost, renewed after the divine image, and hereafter raised from the dead, our present sin polluted bodies being made like unto his glorious body, and live with Him for ever. In appealing to you to-day, as an assembly of professing Christians, for your contributions towards the several benevo lent institutions of this city, I might endeavour to move your natural pity by a graphic picture of the miserable condition, 3n which the present inmates of those institutions would have 'been if they had not existed, and in which those who, from their limited accommodation, have been hitherto unable to obtain admission into them actually are ; and if I were an ?eloquent preacher, I might, perhaps, so far succeed as to -obtain from you a large collection. But I have not the gift of eloquence, and if I were to try thus to work upon your feelings, I should certainly fail ; nor, if I thought I could succeed, would I make the attempt. I prefer to follow the ?example of the apostle. Concerning the institutions for which your aid is solicited I would only mention two circumstances, which it is important for you to recollect. The one is that they afford a means of curing the diseases, mitigating the sufferings, ministering to the infirmities, and supplying the bodily and (to some extent at least) the spiritual wants of many true disciples of the Lord Jesus, who, as He has told us, in this respect represent Him upon earth, so that any kindness shown to one of them He accounts to have been rendered unto Himself. The other -circumstance is that they secure a contributor to them from any risk of his bounty being misapplied. . When asked to give an alms privately, a Christian man is often deterred by the fear that he maybe imposed upon, and that what he gave for .the relief of want might be used for the gratification of lust. From this fear the subscriber to our charitable institu tions is free ; for, although doubtless many a one who is enjoy ing the advantages afforded by them has brought his suffering upon himself by his former profligacy and extravagance, yet nothing contributed for his relief can now be perverted to his hurt ; and although he may at present have no claim for our sympathy as a brother in Christ, yet he has a claim for our compassion as a fellow-man and a- fellow sinner, as one of those for whom Christ died, and as still capable through repentance and faith of being saved by Christ. The consideration of these two circumstances will suffice to satisfy you that those for whom your alms are now asked, are if not all properly speaking your brethren, yet all according to our Lord's interpretation of the term your neigh bours; and, therefore, if you really know his grace in becom ing poor for you, that ye through his poverty might be rich, you will be constrained to manifest to the world to-day your sense of his so great love to you, by your love to them. Approve yourselves then to be Christians, not in name only, but in deed and in truth, by exhibiting the . ' mind,' the compassionate disposition, the kindly sympathy, the self denying benevolence, which was in your divine Master. If you hope to be transformed into his image hereafter, see that you resemble Him here. A selfish Christian, a niggardly ?Christian, a hard-hearted, unfeeling Christian — do not these phrases, as I utter them, by the very strangeness of their sound, tell their own absurdity1? A Christian may, and will, lament the remaining selfishness, and .niggardliness, and hard-heartedness, and want of feeling, of which he is still conscious in himself; but he will not allow these characteristics of the natural unregenerate man to appear in his conduct before the world. Compared with men of the world, he will be distinguished by his self-denial, generosity, ?sympathy ; and in his own inner consciousness he will be able to appeal to God as witness that his desire, his prayer, his constant endeavour are that he may perfect himself more and more in these Christian graces. O my brethren, let this be the testimony of the conscience of each one of you. Remember that the love of God and the love of his neighbour are the peculiar characteristics of the true Christian. Remember that the latter is inseparably connected with the former, and that an apostle has written, ' Whoso hath this world's goods, and aeeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him 1' Show forth, therefore, your love to God by the manifestation of your love to your fellow-men ; accustom yourselves to see 'Christ in every Christian brother or sister who needs your help ; and in. every ungodly man and woman see yourselves as you would have been but for the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, in that ' though He was rich, yet for your sakes He became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.' 