""PRESENTATION CONVENT RECEPtion" of a Novice. The ceremony of " Reception," or taking the White Veil, in connection ivith the Presentation Convent took place on Wednesday, at the Church of the Apostles. This being the first ceremony of the kind at Launceston, a good deal of interest was taken in the event, and a large congregation assembled on the occasion. Tickets of admission to the nave were paid for at a shilling each, and to other parts of the church at sixpence, the receipts to be appropriated to the convent building fund. The front seat was reserved for the community of the convent, and the relations of the young lady about to take the religious habit. Shortly before the ceremony commenced, the father and sister of the postulant, Mr Boylston and Miss Boylston, of Bathurst, New Soutli Wales, were escorted to their seats. The required arrangements had been made by the sacristan for the convenience of the postuiant, the Superioress, and assistant, at the chancel. Mr A. Roper conducted the choir, Miss Dowling presiding at the organ. Several processions took place during the proceedings, which, in addition to the usual prayers and ceremonies, comprised a sermon by the Most Rev Bishop Murphy, who also officiated as celebrant. At half-past ten the first procession moved from the sacristy. A number of young ladies in bridal attire took part, and these alone excited considerable admiration; there were Misses Ellen and Cecily Murphy (little daughters of his Worship the Mayor of Launceston), Theresa Kennedy, Elizabeth Roper, Florence and Gertrude Doolan, and Theresa Hadfield. The Misses Florence Doolan and E. Roper officiated as acolytes, and the processional cross •was borne by M.iss Hadfield. They were followed by the altar boys, and then came the clergy—the Revs. J. Hogan (Westbury), M. O'Callaghan (Longford), the Bishop, bearing his pastoral crozier ; Revs. E. F. Walsh (Deloraine), and M. J. Beechinor (Campbell Town), who officiated as deacon and sub-deacon ; with the Very Rev. Dean Butler and Rev. J. Feehan. After a brief interval the " bridal angels," young ladies before named, appeared, followed by the novice-elect (Miss Mary Boylston, a young lady, who was superbly attired in a white silk dress, trimmed with Limerick lace, and a handsome white veil, with appropriate ornaments), the Revs. Superioress and Mother Assistant (sister and niece of Bishop Murphy), with the nuns and noviciates of the convent, each bearing a wax candle. The procession traversed the aisles, passing the choir, to the chancel, and then took their position, the Bishop and clergy at the altar, and the novice and attendant nuns in front of the rails, the choir meanwhile singing " 0 Ghriosa Virginum." The Bishop proceeded with the prayers, and having blessed the candle, incensed and sprinkled it, presented it to the postulant, saying, " Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light, as an emblem ef the inward light, to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error : that, being illuminated with the light of Divine wisdom, with the fervor of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigneth with God the Father, in the unity of God the Holy Ghost, world without end." The Postulant and Convent Community having then taken their seats, the Bishop entered the pulpit for THE SEEMON. His Lordship took for his text Psalm xv., verse 5 (Douay version.) " The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup : It is thou that wilt restore my inheritance to me." He said, a religious vccation was a special gift of God, and was conferred only on a few, compared with the rest of mankind, who designed to cariy out the views of divine providence with respect to this world. In this world it was difficult to save one soul, but from that difficulty a chosen few were exempt and being freed from the cares of terrestrial thing* , and no longer charmed with the pleasures of the world, they were enabled to devote themselves to the service of God, and consecrate their days to the salvation of their own souls, as well as those of others. A religious vocation conferred two great advantages, a contempt of the world and the means of advancing religion. St. John described the worldly spirit as " concupiscence of the flesh, and of the eye, and the pride of life ;" the world had become the theatre of vanity, the school of vice, and the dominion of thepussions; hence our divine Lord, in His address to His followers, declared that the world was the greatest enemy He had, and the greatest obstacle in the way of man's salvation. Hence, too, it was that so many persona of all ages and classes, and of both sexes, had renounced the world, and retired to caves and monasteries as a security to themselves, and for the ^ood of men. The novice-elect had followed their example, and, guided by the Spirit of God, she liad retired into the sacred asylum of the convent, in which she would he protected against the deluge of corruption which daily swept so many thousands of souls into ruin and misery; there, her innocence and virtue would be protected by the safeguards of discipline ; and there she would breathe the calm air of holiness with the air of solitude, and pass her days in promoting the salvation of her soul, and in the instruction of the little ones committed to her care, those who were the choicest objects of the Redeemer's love. Like Abraham and Jacob, she had obeyed the voice of God in renouncing the world, and had severed those ties which had bound her to earth, separated from parents who had carefully brought her up in the principles of religion; and relatives and friends, though they Tegretted bitterly the separation, could not but admire her purity of intention, and her heroism of heart. Like the patriarchs, she would be conducted in.safety to her heavenly inheritance, for the Redeemer had said every one who left house and brethren, and father and mother for His sake should receive a hundredfold in this world, and in the world to come, life everlasting. But whilst enjoying the inestimable benefits conferred on her by the vocation of a religious life, and while thanking God sincerely for them, she would reflect on the means necessary to persevere in that vocation. Those means were principally prayer, humility, and obedience. Prayer, as commended by St. Augustine and others, would inspire her courage to advance in the course she had chosen, and cheerfulness in the performance of lier duties, a certain sign hat she bore well the yoke of Jesus Christ. Her humility would be associated with poverty: she would be poor, and as a religteuse she would possess nothing she could call her own; not even those ornaments she wore, and which she had put on to show with what alacrity she could put them off for the love of Jesus Christ. She would be poor not only externally, but also poor in spirit ; for that was the poverty that was most conducive to salvation, and she would put on the livery of Jesus Christ, which would liken her to the Divine Spouse, and render her a worthy object of His love ; for she •would be able to say "I will rejoice, for it is Thou that wilt restore my inheritance to me." Then, obedience, which the world called slavery, was the true liberty of the children of God, living faithful to God and His laws, and serving Him alone; uniting our will to His, and abandoning the care of ourselves into his hands. Obedience was the first and Jonly command given to our first parents, that law by which the union between God aud man can alone be sustained. That was the life of the Conventual state, and in obeying her Superioress the novice would obey God himself who appointed her. In the various duties allotted to _ the novice occasions would arise, especially in connection with the instruction of the children to try her patience and courage; but, guided by the experience of the Superioress, who would treat her with consideration and with all the affection of a loving mother, and encouraged by the example of loving sisters, it would be a consolation that in assisting in educating the children she would he co-operating with the great work in which the Church is engaged; an idea which was now being entirely eliminated from our public schools, which was proved by the spirit of indifferentisjn and irreligion that prevailed. Jesus Christ had promised to crown with glory those who taught others, and brought _ them to righteousness. In conclusion the Bishop exhorted the novice, and prayed God to grant her grace to enter mto the holy state to which she had devoted herself, that it might be productive of all the fruits they desired. He counselled her to be constant in prayer, knowing that whatsoever she asked the Father in the name of Jesus Christ should be granted. She would not ask amiss, but ask with perseverance and her requests should be granted. _ Let her keep before her, Jesus Christ and His blessed Mother, and learn the lessons of obedience and humility of heart; and, that the blessing of Almighty God might rest upon lier, was his Lordship's concluding desire. At the close of the sermon his lordship proceeded with the ceremony. The rev. Superioress having raised the postulant from her seat, she and the mother-assistant conducted her to the rails, where the bishop proposed the questions : My Child, what do you demand ? The mercy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of the Order, and the society of the mother and sisters. Is it with your free will and consent you demand the habit of religion 1 Yes, my lord. The Bishop (to the rev. Superioress)—Rev. Mother have you inquired into the other points necessary to be known for those who enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied ? Yes, my Lord. The Bishop—My dear child? have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and. do you think you have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ, for the love and fear of God alone ? The Novice.—Relying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, 1 hope to be able to do so. The Bishop—What God has commenced in you may he himself perfect. May the Lord banish from you the Did man with his works. The postulant having responded to these prayers retired, passing along the aisles, accompanied by the rev. superioress and the Mother Assistant aud others, and afterwards to the place appointed to change her secular dress for the religious habit; the choir singing In exitu Israel de JEgypto, and the Laudate puere. During this time the celebrant and other clergy remained seated. The bishop then blessed and sprinkled the outer dress of the postulant, which had been previously placed by the sacristan, who took them to the postulant. His lordship also blessed and sprinkled the veil. On the return of the novice-elect wearing her religious habit, the choir sang the Qi KB est ista—"Who is she that cometh up from the desert, flowing with delights, leaning upon her beloved ? Thou art all fair, my beloved milch and beautiful. Come my spouse, from Libanus: come from Libanus ; come, thou slialt be crowned." The postulant, after the customary prayers, was presented by the rev. Superioress with the cincture (or girdle) and remaining part of the dress, the celebrant saying " When thou wast younger, thou did'st gird thyself and did'st walk where thou would'st; but when thou shall be old, another shall gird thee. In the name of the Father, &c.;" The Bishop afterwards conferred the name in religion of the novice, Sister Mary Agnes, when the choir chanted Regnwm nvundi; and the novice having been raised by the mother assistant retired a few paces from the rails and sung Erictavit cor meum, verbum bonum,; dico ego opera,, mca regi; the choir responding Quern vid quem amavi, in quern credidi, quern dikri, <fcc. The Bishop intoned Veni Creator Spiritus, and after further prayers sprinkled the novice with holy water, and the ceremony of embracing the novice followed, commencing with the Rev. Mother, and including the rest of the nuns one after another; the choir chanting Ecce quam Bonum, followed by the Deiis Misereatur, and other psalms. The Episcopal benediction was then pronounced, the concluding procession was formed, and the ceremony terminated. A dejenntr was provided at the convent for the Bishop and clergy, and refreshments were also provided for the choir, &c.; The sum of £19 10s was taken at the doors. 