DlNNEE TO MB. W. FOESTEE, ML. A. I i0i0:0' OR Wednesday evening, July 9, a com flimentoTf dtnnor to the Hon. William 'orster took place at Mather's Inverell Hotel. Mr. C. A. Fr#Ber, J. P., occupied the chair. The Parliament of New S utii Walea, coupled with the name of Mr. Willjju Font r. beingtpropo»ed, Mr. Fonter replied, touchini upon varioui topics, a» \ RtSPOKBIBL* GOVEBHMEHT. They need look back bo farther than tbe French revolution to see that the noblesse stood their ground until the ground fell from wider them It was the same io America, where a large number of culti vated men had the manes to govern, in their mode of dealing with the interests of the country. In this country there was a similar disposition evinced, which was rather a discouraging admission to make. Admitting what nad been said about the Parliament of the country, he was afraid the aspirations of .Responsible Government had not been fulfilled. Responsible Government was inaugurated witb very enthusiasts hopes—had they been fulfilled? A Government might either be a machine for politieal purposes, or used to educate the nation to a higher mode of thinking. Regarded in either of these aspects, there are certain practical facts which serve to form a judgment. He would allude to two topics in proof of this. In regard to the practical effect of Responsible Government, let them see if such things were accomplished by it or not. MUNICIPAL GOVERNKtKT. With regard to the Municipalities, the House had passed two complicated laws which no one could understand. No im portant measure of that kind received fair discussion. Now, what are the re suits of tbe Municipalities P Do they supply the requirements of the country ? In regard to roads 8od bridges—don't let Inverell people think they are martyrs in this respect, as it is the same all over the country—'(laughter)—how is it that the roads are in the state they are ? The true answer is, the municipalities improve little bits of country, leaving all tbe other neglected. I know there are enough men of property in Inverell not utterly selfish, and why is it we find property antagonis tic to municipalities ? Why, because the holders find itis sot properiy dealt witb. He was not going to maintain thst proper* ty should not pay the support of munici palities. But they found property in some cases drawn in and uufairy taxed. This would not have been, had tbe princi ple he tried to inculcate been carried out, which was tJiis—to divide the colony by Legislative enactment into districts, com mensurate with its natural boundaries, which each should be compelled to watch over, or else receive no assistance from the country. Every man of property in such a case would feel himself compelled either to take a part in the management or else would have to suffer for not doing so. He intended to have established munici palities upon this principle instead of tbe present, which had proved an utter fail ure. (Cheers.) The proposal he made might perhaps appear by some to be cru e, nut the effect whould have been j this—that they would have had every police district, and half police districts, formod into municipalities. THE ASSEMBLY. ! He did not think the Legislative As sembly compared favorably with what it was before. Compare the men with those returned before. There were Parkes and Robertson, and many others, and where were men like them returned in the pre sent House? The young men in the House were the worst of all. It appeared to him all the young men and also the public men were worse. THE AS1QNISTBATIOIT. He should of coarse be charged with speaking against the present Government, and he would candidly admit that be did think they were better than their pre decessors. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps some one might ask why he did sot allow tbe public the benefit of his servioes by joining the present Government. It may be be couM find reason* of a private character f * outdoing so. It seemed to him tkst I be eonll not consistently taks service in I an administration composed of Sir Jains* Martin and the Colonial Secretary. He wib advised very strongly to join them by a Bishop, who aaid there was -no doubt they had expressed very strong opinions of one another, but that they had joined believing that it would be advantageous for the country. But he was shocked The Colonial Secretary had endeavoured to show him that they agreed in opinions; but he oould not ear how. The fact wan, from experience of him iu political mat [ ten he could never believe in bin. He j found how inconsistent he was in free trade—how inconsistent on the Munici pal question—and ho could not agree with him'on the Kiama ghost question. (Laughter.) 4 Colonial Secretary who oould make such statements as ho did on that occasion, without producing one tittle of evidence to rapport them, was not worthy of confidence, TBE LIMB QUESTION. Some one asked for his views on the land question. Was there ever heard such a proceeding as a Governor being obliged to tell a lie in promising to intro duce a Land Bill and never doing so ? Was it not highly desirable that tbe in definite'question of free selection should be dealt with in a Banner for its final settlement ?*He did not think pre-emptive leases should" be left as they were. He had never been opposed to tbe principle of free aeleotion. (Cheers.) Indeed his opinion was that free selection should be extended to a much greater length, (Hear, hear,) - Hedid not approve of the con dition of residence, and he was of opinion that the residence clause ahould be abolished. It was notorious that there was an immense amount of perjury com mitted under that- clause. On what ground could it be maintained that the residence of a squatted, or manager of a bank, was more beneficial than that of a labouring man 1 It' either of these, or any one, was to put a working man on the ground to in sure residence, the probability is the working man wonld do more good than other for, after ail, "what was the object of residence but the improvcme.it of tbe ground. _____ 