PROCESSION. Tiie procession started from Spring street at a quarter-past eleven, under the direction of Mr. S. Y. Winter, as grand marshal, and Messrs. M. Hood and E. L. Nolan, as assistant marshals. In the following order it then proceeded down Bourke street, along Elizabeth street, up Collins street, down Spring street, and along Richmond road to-the Friendly Societies' Gardens. A magnificent Harp tastefully ornamented, and the St. Patrick's Society's Banner, supported by four Members of the Society, in a handsomely decorated carriage, drawn by four splendid Grey Horses. Stonehnm's Military Band in uniform. The Members of St. Patrick's Society in their handsome Green Regalia.. The gorgeous Banner of the Melbourne District of tbe Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, supported by Members in a carriage drawn by four Grey Horses. St. Francis' Band in their uniform of Green and Gold. The several Branches of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society in the following order:— St. Francis' Branch, Melbourne.- St. Mary'B Branch, WillinmBtown. SS. Peter and Paul's Branch, Emerald Hill. St. Ann's Branch, Broadmeadows. Hern's Civilian Band. The New Banner of the Hotham Branch (painted by Mr.- Stewart for the occasion). St; Mary's Branch, Hotham. St. Ignatius Branch, Richmond. St, Joseph's Branch, Collingwood. St. George's Branch, Carlton. \- St. Monica's Branch, Essendon. St. Kilda Civilian Band. St. Mary's Branch, St. Kilda. St. Patrick's Branch, Brighton. St. Alipius Branch, Oakleigh. St. Joseph's Branch, Hawthorne. St. John's Branch, Heidelberg. St. Brendan's Branch, Lilydale, St. Peter's Branch, Eppingv The rear of the procession was brought up by a long line of cabs conveying passengers (principally members of the fair sex) to the grounds. Several thousand persons accompanied the proceBBion on the footpaths. The procession as it passed down Bourke street presented aa imposing sight, nearly every window was raised to view it as it-passed. A large concourse of people congregated on the steps of the Post Office, so that no business could be carried on until tbe procession had passed. Tbe same scene presented itself in all the streets, through which the procession moved. Seen from Elizabeth street as it pisBed the Burke and Wills monument the sight was truly a grand one. The members in the procession; must have felt a thrill of pleasure in. passing the first public pionument erected in this country to the memory of an Irishman, Richard O'Hara Burke. As the procession turned the corner of the Treasury it was fully half » wile long, and, considering that the members walked three abreast, it was the largest ever seen in the streets of Melbourne. • THE GARDENS. Oh arrival at the Gardens the members of the procession took off their regalia aud the sports of the day commenced., The. ground was thronged in every part by a respectable and well-dresBed crowd, apparently bent on thoroughly enjoying themselves. Tfe leading Irish citizens were present. The centre of attraction, was of course tbe ring where the sports were to take place. Nevertheless, there were other amusements, such as merrygo-rounds,: dancing on the gTeen, and the platforms where the sons and daughters of Hibernia featly tripped it tp the inspiriting airs of their native Green Isle, discoursed by the lively violin. Some little difficulty was at first experienced, in': clearing i the course, but a; little mild persuasion ILby:!thp police, aided % the blandlchtq^nts of^he officers ,of the Societies, soon had the deiirelfl effect. The St. FrapSis^-aM'StenchVmV-baBafl enlivened the proceedings witb wselections of music suitable to,;the. occasion, and. added in no inconsiderable degree tp the day>s €njoy ipeat. The Sports committee, Messrs. O'Meara, . Joyce, Stone,andX>arkio, deserve great praise . for the.manner m.wbjph^tbey discharged their duties. The following were; the ; wipners of the principal event®,:— . : : • . • Maiden Race, 200 yards.—T.Eoright, 1; A.Edes, 2. Cab Horse Race, four times ronwL—-Q. Bow's Micky Free, i (protested);' her's .Tommy, 2 f W. Allen!* £it Handicap Flat Race.—H«f.jy JULJSIahoney,2. • ... a.,..'. Bspe, 150 yfw^^iQ.'iiattjriV, J. Bentjj/i,., ,,.. - ' indicap Hurdle Rape (330 yards).—W. J T, Pentecost, 1; T. £aright, 2, Wlisffn. Walking Match (two miles),—F. W. Woodtiouse, 1 ; J. C. il'dann; 2. "' . , ' Prize Reel and ^ig.—Sullivan, 1; O'Brien, 2 ; Tobin; 3. V 7 "iAB BAti AND StePPBBi •• 'J The ball and snpper took place in the evening, in,- we may. Bay,. the new St. .Patrick's Hall, and was quite as i successful as on pifeviotis occasions. ' Th'e necessity for "the recent alterations Which have been made ?n the building, if these were only to: meet the exigencies, of occasions like the celebration of the National Anniversary, must have been apparent to all who -were present on Monday evening 'last, 'and had taken part in the festivities of . previous years. Two really fine "rooms were at the disposal of the company and afforded ample space. The ball took , place in the upper, room, and the supper in. the lower one. Both were brilliantly lighted and tastefally decorated with festoons of green boughs, and flags. The music was excellent and inspiriting. About 300 ladies and gentlemen attended. At 10 o'clock the company adjourned to the lower room for supper. Mr. Martin Hood, President of the St. Patrick's Society, occupied the chair, and had on his right Sir C. Gavan Duffy, M.L.A., Mr. G. D. Macartney, LL.D., Mr. j. Curtain, M.L.A., and Mr. J. Whiteman, M.L.A., and on his left the Hon. M. O'Grady, M.L.A., Mr. P. O'Brien, J.P., Mr. T. O'Brienj solicitor, and Cr. Carroll, J.P., Ilotham. Sir C. G. Duffy on entering the room was received with loud andlong-continued cheers. During supper an Irish piper discoursed the music of his instrument on the platform where the principal table was laid. After the cloth had been removed, the President gave the toast of " Her Majesty the Queen," which was enthusiastically drunk. The next toastwastbat of " His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family," which was given by the President, and also cordially drunk. The President then proposed the toast of " His Excellency the Acting-Governor," whom he characterised as a warm-hearted Irishman. His Excellency had done honour to the position of Attorney-Generial before the new consitntion was inaugurated in the colony ; he had done honour to the Bench and no doubt he would do honour to the position which he now filled (cheers). The toast was enthusiastically drunk, the accompanying tune being "The fine old Irish The President next proposed the toast of " The Parliament of Victoria." He said it was an institution to which we owed much— many good and wise laws. The aim and object of the Parliament had ^always been to enact laws suitable -to the people of the colony, and calculated to deVelope the resources of the country. If Success had not always attended their efforts,-he felt convinced that it was not for want of good intention (cheers). The toast was cordially drunk. Air— "They are jolly good fellows." Mr. Curtain, M.L.A., responded. He said he felt honoured in being called upon to acknowledge the cordial and kindly manner in which the toast of the Parliament of the colony had been received by that assembly, and he only regretted that the task had not been allotted- to some one eminent in political circles. He was afraid that it was impossible for him to do justice to the sub iect. He would venture to say that if any Parliament deserved the expression'.of approbation to which they had just given utterance, it was the present Parliament. The members of the present Legislative Assem bly had exhibited a greater desire to please their constituencies, and more determination to respect their wishes than had -existed oh tbe part of members of previous Parliaments, There had been none of that disgraceful "lobbyism " which had been identified with other, Parliaments (applause). The people, in their turn, had behaved very generously towards tbe present Parliament, in having consented that members should not lose auy thing, by their efforts for the welfare of the colony,' but shouts be remunerated for their; services. If a man did not do good service for his "adopted ; country under, such encouraging circumstances he. was no man at, all (cheers). , The present Parliament wpuld have deserved the veneration of future ages had it not made one fatal mistake—namely, that of discarding Sir Charles Gavan Duffy (great cheers)., Parliament would "never again secure, the services of a man equal in ability 'and integrity to Sir Charles Duffy (bear, hear). Sir Charles' was a man capable of eteering the destinies nOtOnly of a colony, but of a nation, and in losing his services the colony of,'Victoria had suffered, a misfortune (applause). He ; Had" rescued the colony from a speciep of'government which would have degenerated into' a Bort pf parish vestry ism if allbwedto continue (applause). The'Bresident then :gaye the toast of "Oar Native Land," coupling with it ."The Day we peletirate^r He Bald that if Ireland had only givett a- restihg-plttoe 1 -to -the bohfes of our ancestors, it' would • have a strong claim upon ure.^Bufc, it jbftd -givjim, birth to men ire-eminent in every walk ..of life—in literv f ure, fiSence,' and politics^—some of whom hadtjeenthrovm npon' bur own shores. Oiie of them waa 'A gentleman > present, to whom be -boped .Providence wpuld. accord a long «rt?6fi;" life' for,the exercise r'-j:;, of jfurtlief: * y valuable . - e^ ' The- Hon. M 1 . Q'GrAty wno'replied to the toast, ; ; ojpbn j risingV : gretltea ! with- long continned applause. The ton. gentleman spoke etteinfiorapepusly and o^jaid^rabjp length, and the truly (patriotic • sentunenta by whidb' ma address, was adoriipd were Jlr .OlGxady of Ills allusions was highly witty 2ai porous,.and, as Artemus Ward would Zt theb waea " vane of sarkasm" indeilZ* feme of' his observations that was notvl upon his bearers—in -their hearts thev W this key to the .speaker's allnsions, and tW relished .them ao much that their ackn3 ledgments were'somewhat louder and prolonged. than could havfe been pleaaW M any one • liable to * flplfttibg headachesevere (provocation., ltj-was an address all respects , suited to the occasion • and> was _ certainly one that will be remember?! to the hon. gentleman's credit by all h- countrymen who heard him. As the reml? of an accident, very annoying to us, we unable £o give a report of Mr. O'Grad^ Sir , Gavan-' ,, , Duffy, ... in - - answer to re. peated calls, also rose to reply, and was ceived with loud cheers. He said: Ladiei and gentlemen—I have travelled a loan journey to day under a very ungenial skv and I asked to be excused from anfalml' bnt I confess when I heard the pleasant Irish voices I could not resist your call It is forbidden to talk politics here bnt I venture to say that it is a pleasant memory to me that once a year at this end x>f Bourke street, whatever 'mistakes they may make at the great House at the other end—(applause)—here I am quite certain of meeting friends who are not changed by any political circumstances; whosekindness " is still the same, whether we win or lose the game." (Hear, Hear.) When I last metyou here, twelve months ago, I was returning from a tour in which the chief districts in this country had given such ea thusiastic support to the Administration with which I was connected as seemed to promise it a long life. (Hear, hear.) I meet you now, not merely fallen from power, but I am assured by certain well informed journals that I am actually poli. tically dead and buried. (Laughter and cheers.) I can only say that if I be so, yon have given my ghost such a very pleasant re. ception—(laughter)—that I have determined once a year, on the 17th March, near the dread hour of midnight, to " appear " in St, Patrick's Hall like Banquo in the middle of the festival. I recently read a very strange story in one of the same weMin« formed journals, announcing that, in point of fact, I was shortly going home to be Minister for Ireland. I may say, by theway, that that is a strange mission to give a dead man. (Laughter.) I am veiy sorry to inform you that I have not at present received any official intimation of the fact. (Renewed laughter.) But I may say this, that if it be intended that the Irish Minister shall be responsible to an Irish Parliament, I will undertake the duty with great satisfaction. (Applause.) The latest news is that, like a young lady who has become a bride, I have been changing my name; and as this news, unlike the rest, is not a fiction, I owe it to friends whom I see here to tell them something of that metamorphosis. I ceased to be the Chief Secretary in June last, and in October I received a letter from Lord Canterbury, informing me that the Secretary of State for the Colonies had instructed him to ascertain whether a companionship of the Order of St.. Michael and George would be acceptable tome? Let me say with respect to Lord Canterbury, that in all our political pr Bocial intercourse he treated me with a constant courtesy, frankness, and consideration, for which I mast always remain his debtor. But he had refused to dissolve Parliament when I considered I had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as this distinction was offered me as soon as the papers connected with that transaction could have been laid before the Secretary of State, I concluded that it was possible, and even probable, that Lord Kimberley meant to intimate that he did not think I had received the support I was entitled to from the reprc< sentative of the Crown on that occasion. (Hear, hear.) Nevertheless, though that conviction was very gratifying to me, I respectfully declined the proffered honour. (A voice: "Quite right.") Shortly afterwards Lord Canterbury did me the favour to address another letter to me,' asking whether I would accept a knighthood? Upon that question there was the very strongest feeling among two sections of my friends. My own country* men^ereof opinion that, having been fonr times a. Cabinet Minister, and having been among 'the first men of my race and creed who' had won that distinction in any British community since the Revolution, I was_ bound to accept this permanent testimony that I had performed the duties I undertook with.'integrity and discretion. And some English and Scotch friends fe> whom I owed constant and steadfast support in publip life urged that if I declined it the very persons who were bursting with spits and disappointment that the honour had beep proffered to me would -misrepresent my ie» fu8al, .and use it to provoke, tand if possible to alienate, my, English and Scottish friend?. 1 accepted, and I have received, letters of congratulation from every section of this com* munity; and I-am hot sure'whether I felt more .satisfaction at tbe. congratulations of repfe8en}&tive; men among t^e Protestant demoorac; ' ' port wjiet griatulatio .,„„ nounoed and repudiated me if t had accept any distinction on the tettgft pf forgetting mj "jll^iance (to my .i'aitlve 'cowpfay^ (Hear, heat) I may Remind ypn ! thai when the Wdnt^Mr. Justice Fellows lfevfilled a vote of wantofi r ,tol£him:tb$t I yronfy n$Mesertthe fortunW (Of my native country for anything that Parliament or soyerei£n could giye or take aw's^V Applause.) And how there lias been enough ofpersonal themes. . I. will only add; that r . T _ mir Tiaaltil far awav ed to qu vigour, lne amid not resist the .Wishes of the committee of the St. Patrick's'Society, that I should ome here to night., They insisted that the exertion would do/m?no injury ; and they were right, for the Wfeath of the ecean itself s not so refreshing to irie as the dear familiar jnnsio of an Irish welcome. (Loud applause.) The next toast . was " Our adopted country" Mr.'S. V. Winter' was called upon to respond to' the toast, and said :—Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen,—I have been called upon to thank you for the very enthusiastic manner in which you have received the toafet so ably proposed by the president. In doing so I feel regret that the eloquent gentleman to whom the task was allotted has been unable to attend this evening as the laborious day's work which I have ioue in connection with the festivities quite unfits me for collecting my thoughts to meak on any subject Since I had the honour of responding to this toast this night twelve months a great political change been brought about by means so discreditable as to cause one to ask if the pane- Lrics lavished upon our boasted liberality Snd absence from sectarian bigotry were not nere figures of speech, having no real foun- dation in f afct. We have seen a capable and •OTipetentman, of undoubted ability and unquestioned integrity,driven from office simply End -<olely because of his creed and country Leers). Still, though in that period of treat political excitement the latent prejudices which we can scarcely hope will be Entirely eradicated this generation were balled into active existence, the generous End wide-spread support which that gentleban received proves-to my mind most conklu c ively that intolerance and bigotry are [either widely spread nor deeply rooted amongst us (cheers). On the whole, then, I Link we have reason to be proud of this louutry—of its just and liberal laws and the V and impartial manner in which they are dministered—of the fact that here it cannot j slid that Law grinds thn poor mnn, And tile rich man rules the law. iut that we have secured to us that birth- Bcht of every man, a voice in the formation K the laws under which he is governed—a Bsht for which you have so long, so nobly, |ut ao far. unsuccessfully, struggled in your jwn island home (checrs). Irishmen have Lson to be pleased with the part which their fonnirymen have taken in bringing about is desirable state of things, and of e liiph and important positions which they I with credit to themselves and adfcntage to the community (applause), then in future years we come to examine lemnn who have "left their foot-prints in le Blinds of time" amongst us, we will find iat the Green Isle of the West is fully repre- Inted. (Cheers.) There is no country in $e world which offers to industry and persetrance ampler or surer reward than the Elony of Victoria, where there is more genuine liberty—(hear, hear)—where the [gliest offices in the State are more accessible 1 the men who have the ability and energy J attain them—which, in short, more nearly Inroaches the ideal land of the poet, Where a man is a man it he's willing total , And the humblest may gather the fruit of the soil. Ae consequence iB, Sir, that we are a pros- Srous and intelligent community, that men I all creeds aud all nationalities look upon lie country as the home of their children, Id their children'schildren, and are actively Voperatingin placing on a sure and per- Uent basis that prosperity in which they just, their descendants will participate lear, hear). In this great work our Irish Blow-citizens are actively engaged, show- Is however, on occasions like to-day, the leu and undying love they cherish for their Itive land, thus giving the surest guarantee Iat they are faithful and true citizens of leir adopted country (cheers). Having leraselves felt the baneful effects of m- Eerance, it should be their duty on every icasion to inculcate both in theory and lac'.ice that fundamental principle of all limine freedom, "that true liberty consists | the privilege of enjoying our own rights, |d not in the infringement of the rights ot Theraa. (cheers). When 1 rose I intended to jy a few Words on the subject of the PresB, It at this late time of the night, and in Mce to the gentlemen who have to speak Iter me, and in mercy to the ladies who Ire to sit ont the speeches—(laughter)— leol it incumbent on me not to do so, but I bring my remarks to a speedy conclusion. Idging of the future of the colony by its resent and past—and I know of no other lj of gauging it—I am persuaded that it is fitined to occupy a high position among the Viona of the earth, and that there is a fat and glorious future in store for it Jwers). As a native of the colony, I |1 proud of it—pleased with the energy, the Ihlic spirit, the capacity, indomitable lick and national pride of its citizens— Tguine that it will ever remain the home [ honest industry, that it will never defcttate into J A land of tyiants and a den ot slaves, It that the Genius of Liberty will guide its T'inies, and abide with it for ever. I singly trust the rising generation of yonng Jirtralians will prove themselves^-worthy Ions of the grand race from which they Ting, that ttiey will walk etedfastlyin the Itatepg of their forefathers, and op eves pt to make any sacrifice,, even of 1 lifepit, to maintain untarnished the honour^ •to secure the prosperity of their country ; U It they will • *Vl inherit, :l that J-1 deep ,1AM love jund Anil ition for it MwjU^thefrish people ud so preodly '.pre-eminent—-(cheers)— and that they will nevfer cease in their efforts to make this, their native landj "great, glorious, and free " (loud applause). Dr. Macartney proposed the toast 6f " St. Patrick's Society." . Mr. John Rowan responded. He counselled union amongst Irishmen of every creed, which was one of the objects Of St. Patrick's Society. , The President next gave the toast ot Kindred Sorieties." Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A., responded, and . said that he had been connected • with friendly societies since 1844, and had had full opportunity of seeing the value of them; He would recommend young ladies to make it a sine qua non ih accepting a husband, that he should be a member of some friendly S °Mr5l)eyle proposed " The Ladies," and the toast was enthusiastically drunk. The President then gave the toast of. " The Press." to which Mr. Gunson responded. Before the company returned to the ball room, the President presented a gold medal to Mr. Cody, on behalf of the Society, in recognition of his services. It may be added that Mr. Smart's band furnished the music during the evening. Mr. Smart, jiin., acted as master of ceremonies, and Mr. Hoelsken provided the supper. 