WARRNAMBOOL. 12th January, 1873. (FBOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I am afraid my report this time will be rather meagre; everything is very dull just now on account of the unseasonable state of the weather : we have hot experienced one day of genuine Australian summer this : season. I wonder what the drapers are to do with their light goods; I am still wearing my heavy winter clothes, and cannot get even the ghost of a chance of putting them off. I fear we will not have such a good harvest as anticipated. The wheat and oat crops look well, but the yield will be short; the potato will be anything but productive; they will be small in size, and the late sowing will be much iniured by the constant easterly winds blowing; they are selling from 35s. to 40s. per ton. The Kennedy family are to appear here on next Wednesday in their famous character of " Twa hours at hame;" and as the Caledonian element largely prevails down here, they may expect crowded houses. A branch of the Old Colonists' Association was inaugurated here some time ago, and they celebrated their first anniversary last Friday by a banquet; about a dozen guests partook of the good things : supplied by host Lane. The inevitable! Druids are about establishing a branch of their Order here; it will be something out of the common to see them marching- in their night-gowns and long horsehair beards. Our worthy County Court bailiff was brought up before our local beaks for insulting language to one of Her Majesty's Custom House officers, and as the Custom House was not a public place and Her Majesty's servant a public man, the case was dismissed, the grounds for dismissal being as aforesaid, as well as the language not being pointedly to the officer, but to the department. So we can abuse the Government and its institutions without suffering any censure, according to the ruling of our wise lawyers. Our townfolks have sent a monster pe- tition to the Deputy-Postmaster-General to alter the arrival and departure of the mails. A great event is about coming off, on Thursday, 23rd January, in tlie .Friendly Societies Park, between Mahoney and Atrill, for £25 a side. Other events are to come off, in which Collie, Lyell, Woodhouse, Pentecost, Watson, Ashton, and Madden are to take part. We will have some fine running, but the public think .they won't run on their merits ; I hope they will, for the sake of their own char racter. The races are open to all comers. Wednesday night last was the settling-up night of the Friendly Sooieties' sports. About £85 were paid away to the respective winners. Mathieson took the Cup, and holds it for twelve months. Priestley and Kavanagh have been arrested after all, and remanded on heavy bail, two sxireties in £250 each, and themselves. in £500. I have heard since that .Kavanagh has been committed for trial at the. next Circuit Court. Mr. George Osborne has purchased the Belfast Gazette, and is about resuming his old place. SHAUN. 