LOCAL INSOLVENCY COURTS. We have more than once in these columns advocated the establishment of Local Courts of Insolvency. Oases which have transpired quite recently confirm us in our opinion that such a change in the administration of the insolvency laws would be very beneficial. Insolvents may be classed generally under one of two heads—those who become insol vent through causes which they could not control, and those who become insolvent for the purpose of cheating their creditors and clearing themselves from all liability, so that they may begin afresh with the property which they have managed to hide from their creditors. The latter class of insolvencies especially require Local Courts. The assets which can be discovered are probably very small, and creditors are naturally loth to lose their time and spend their moin-y in a journey to Adelaide to oppose the insolvent. Vet every case of diahuueot insolvency which is allowed to pass unpunished does a serious injury to the morality and stability of the commercial community. It is so little to the interest of a creditor to punish a debtor from motives of mere malice, that we may safely assume that a Local Court would not, by the greater facilities which it afforded, encourage malicious prosecutions. The creditors of South Australia, retail as well as wholesale, are proverbially patient and forbearing, always ready to help rather than to punish an unfortunate insolvent. But the interests of commercial morality require that they should have the means, with as little loss and inconvenience to themselves as possible, to punish the swindler. It appears to us that the machinery of our Local Courts could easily be made available for the purposes of the Insolvency Acts. Most, if not all, of the Stipendiary Magis trates are painstaking conscientious judges; and we are persuaded that their decisions in insolvency cases would be worthy of as much respect as those of Mr. Commissioner Downer. We can anticipate one objection that may be made, viz.—that in many insolvencies the largest creditors are Adelaide merchants, and that it would be unfair to drag them to distant parts of the colony to watch their interests. So far this may have some weight. But the large majority of insolvencies are those of persons whose transactions are of a purely local character. It is manifestly unfair that these should be compelled to go to Adelaide to declare them selves insolvent. At a Local Gourt the case would be more fully gone into ; and if there were fraud such as to justify a criminal prosecution, the evidence could be more cer tainly obtained than if the case were carried to Adelaide. And even supposing that at the Local Courts the cases came before Commissioners ef inferior legal knowledge, we think this evil would be more than coun terbalanced by the clearer statement of affairs that would be obtained. The plague spot of a commercial community is the swindling farmer or tradesman or storekeeper. For such, hardly any punishment is too severe. Every facility should be given by the Government for their punishment We see no sufficient reason why Local Courts of Insolvency should not be instituted say in the chief polling-place in each dis trict, provided a Local Court is already held there, and indeed at every place where Local Courts are now held. The present officers of the Court would be amply sufficient. Nor is there in any case, so far as we are aware, such a pressure of business in the Local Courts as to make it an unwise thing to add to the duties of the magistrate and clerk. Where the insolvency is the result of mere misfortune, it would still be an ad vantage to have the case heard before a Local Court; and such an arrangement would certainly be more satisfactory to the creditors. We have often thought that it would be a good thing for storekeepers and tradesmen to unite and form a society for the punish ment of fraudulent debtors, a small annual payment entitling each member to the benefit of the advice and help of the legal adviser of the society. In almost every case that might arise, very probably more than one member of the society would be interested ; and the prosecution being backed up by a society would partake less of the character of vindictive malice. Kapttnda Yam Cbeek Gold Muting- Com pany.—We are informed that some time after this Company had been throw open to the public it was discovered that the promoters had included in the claims made over by them to the Company one claim belonging* to Mr. James White. This rather complicated matters, the more so that the relations between Mr. White and the promoters were not of the most harmonious character. The matter has now, however, been amicably settled, Mr. White having accepted 448 promoter's paid up shares as compensation for the loss of his claim. This might hare proved a very trouble some affair if Mr. White had been inclined to be awkward, and we congratulate the promoters on having so easily got out of the predicament in ! which they had placed themselves. We suppose that under the present altered aspect of affairs we shall hear no more of Mr. White's threatened action in re promoter's shares. It will of course be understood that the shares allotted Mr. White are not an addition to the free shares, but are simply transferred to him from the original promoters. The Company is also to be congratulated on the settlement, as it would have been very annoying to have had operations hindered by the raising of questions of title. Reminiscences of the Hobthebn Tebbi toby.—We would remind our Kapunda readers of the address to be given at Crase's Boom this evening by Mr. A. Gore, J .P., on the above sub ject. As Kapunda has a peculiar interest in the Northern Territory, we have 110 doubt those who attend will find it a useful and pleasant method of spending an hour or two. The Wheajo Nixschee Mine.—Shareholders in this Mine will remember that the special meeting to provide for the raising of fresh capital by the issue of new shares is to be held at the Prince of Wales Hotel this evening. Northern Territory and Kapunda Pbos pecting- Venture.—Shareholders in this Com pany are reminded that the meeting to adopt j articles of association and deed of settlement, as also to elect officers, is to be held at Crase's Hotel st four o'clock this afternoon. Ecdhnda Races.—By a notice in another eolumn it will be seen that these races are to take place in Mr. Pfitzner's paddock, about half a mile north of Mr. Watson's, on Tuesday next. The programme is a fair one. Thunderstorm.—The neighbourhood of St. Kitts, Bagot's Head Station, &c.;, was visited by a pretty heavy thunderstorm on Tuesday last. The supply of water was very acceptable, as many of the waterlioles had become dry. Barley for G-been Foddeb.—We hear that several farmers are now sowing small patches of barley for green feed; but are doing so under some apprehensions lest the locusts, which ai'e now again becoming numerous, should do as they did last year—devour it as soon as it appears above ground. It is, however, noticeable that these insects prefer rye to barley in it6 green state. A Wokthy Examtle.—As journalists, it is not often we are called upon to chronicle the fact of an. insolvent upon -whom fortune may have again smiled, coining forward and clearing off his old scores. Snch a case has, however just been mentioned to us. Some time back a farmer living a few miles to the westward of Kapunda had unfortunately to seek safe shelter under the protecting wing of the Official Assignee. Having duly undergone the white- washing pro cess, he buckled to again ; and Dame Fortune being propitious, he—unlike the great majority of Mr. Downer's visitors—did not forget his old creditors, as within the last week or two, we understand, he has paid in full all his old debts. Such a praiseworthy act deserves to be written in letters of gold. Our informant feelingly breathes the fervent wish that many others would go and do likewise; to which, no doubt, not a few of our readers will add a hearty " Amen." Baptist Bazaab, Saddeewobth.—Our cor respondent writes to say that in the last Saddle worth letter the proceeds of the Baptist Bazaar in that town was misstated at £15 10/6, whereas it should have been £75 10/6—a very substantial difference. We are happy to congratulate our Saddleworth friends on having been so successful. The Obtwabd Maii.—The postal authorities have announced the postponement of the depar ture of the branch mail steamer with the English mails until Saturday. Me. Conner, m.P., a?td Mb. Dempsei".—We would draw attention to an apology appearing in another column from Mr. Conner, M.P., in reference to the remarks made by him as to Mr. Dempsey at a late meeting at Kapunda. We are informed that though this apology is hardly j regarded as satisfactory it has been accepted, and I proceedings have consequently been withdrawn. Without entering into this particular matter, we may express our conviction that public men Bbould be very careful as to the remarks made by them in that capacity as to the character of private individuals. Correction,—We are glad to learn that our informant somewhat exaggerated the injury sus tained by Master Bennett in his late fall from a tree, as the leg though badly hurt was not broken. We are pleased to hear that the little fellow is now progressing favourably under the medical care of Dr. Blood. THtmDEBSTOEJf.—We see by the Intercolonial telegrams from Victoria and New South Wales that very severe thunderstorms have visited those places, causing considerable damage. Legislative Coottcel Election's.—The writs for the periodical election of members for the Legislative Council have at length been issued— the 26th day of March being fixed for the day of nomination and the 3rd of April for the election, in case of contest. Sir Henry Ayers and Messrs. Mildred, Hay, Duffield, and Sandover are in the field. Pass: Lauds,—We hope the Corporation -will once again take np the question of providing recreation grounds for Sapunda. It is intol erant that in a country like onr own, where a proposition for giving away two hundred million acres of land in exchange for a railway can seriously be entertained, that large centres of population should be allowed to be destitute of any provision for the healthful recreation of their denizens. The Government, in our opinion, ought to make it a condition that no private township should be laid out without the reserve of some portion of land for public pur poses ; whilst in Government townships the pro vision should always err on the side of liberality rather than niggardliness. In our own town the evils of the absence of some such rule is strikingly felt; and we would urge that the ratepayers would do well to hold a special meeting (if this is deemed necessary) to authorize the Municipal Council to make a moderate expenditure for the purchase of a suitable block of land for recreation purposes—if none of its wealthier citizens avail themselves of the opportunity of benefiting the town, and securing the gratitude of their fellow townsmen, by presenting the Council with a suitable block. Supreme Cottbt.—On Tuesday the case of Michael Manning, eheepfarmer, of near Saddle worth, who was charged with stealing fourteen sheep and three lambs, the property of Mr. C. R. Groode, excited considerable interest. The hearing of the same lasted six hours. Mr. Boucaut conducted the prosecution, and the prisoner was defended by Messrs. Stow and Way. The Jury were about half an hour con sidering their verdict, which was that the prisoner was guilty; but they recommended him to mercy on account of his family. On Wed nesday a number of witnesses were called to speak to prisoner's previous good character; but His Honor the presiding Judge said that, looking at the circumstances of the case, he felt it to be his duty to sentence him to imprisonment with hard labour for two years. Pbesentatiojt.—Mr. L. L. Elliott, now of [ Eapunda, whilst resident in Adelaide held for I some considerable time the post of Superintendent i of SW John's Church Sunday-school. As an evi dence of the esteem in which he was held by those connected with the school a beautifully engrossed address has been forwarded him,-which reads as follows "To Mr. Lionel L. Elliott.— Dear Sir—We, the Superintendent and teachers ! of St. John's Sunday-schoo], in the City and 1 Diocese of Adelaide, heartily thank you for the lively interest manifested by you in discharging the very responsible and arduous duties which, in the ordinary course of things, devolved?? upon you as Superintendent of our school. 3?i thus taking our official farewell of you, we pray to the God of all mercies that He may fill your heart with a fervent desire to devote the remainder of your days, whether they be many or few, with still greater zeal to the service of His Church on earth, that when He who is the Good Shepherd and Judge of His geople shall call you to render an account of your stewardship, you may be ready to meet Him with great joy, and being admitted by Him within the portals of the Church above, you may receive from Him the great prize awarded to all His faithful servants—a crown of glory that never fadeth j and may that crown be en riched with many jewels and coloured with many a gem. May the sweet communion of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost abide with you and yours now and ever.—Chas. Webb, Superintendent; Albert A. H. Pinksfone, Frank H. Carter, A- G. Marshall, Elizabeth Tizzard, S. E. Hince, A. M. Bussell, T. Jasper Smyth, M.A., Incumbent of St. John's, Thos. G. Wright, Sarah Howard Birt, Emily Pritehard, Win. Adamson." ISTATIOHAIilZATlOS Q¥ LaSI>.—" John TomkW in ilia lettev appfciiviug in this issue, evidently misunderstands [the argument in our last de duced from the facts in connection with peasant proprietorship in Switzerland, We used these .facts not in support of the leasing system as opposed to the alienation of the fee-simple, but as showing the advantages which would flow from a limitation of area, and from a direct interest in the land being held by the great majority of the inhabitants rather than by a small percentage only. This purpose, we maintain, it MIy and fairly answered j and we would inform "John Tomkins" that though unfortunately not very much has latelybeen done by the League in the way of propagating its views on land tenure, yet limitation of area is one article of its creed, and one which was agreed on at the very outset. It was a perfectly fair line to take to show, first of all, that one of the objects of the League was to prevent a monopoly of the land, believing such a course to be injurious to the best interests of the country; and further, to flhow from the facts in connection with peasant firming it is not true, as has often been urged, that when the land is split np iafco small holdings its productiveness is greatly impaired. Puxpit Advertising-.—We quite agree with a correspondent who writes on this subject, that the sooner a stop is put to the very discordant practice of making what are really business announcements from the pulpits of our various places of worship, the better it will be for all. >In most of these places, however, the announce ments are made before, and not after, the ser mon j but their effect at that stage is just as incongrous. The following apropos anecdote appears in the Register:—« A well-known Rev. Doctor in Edinburgh, after reading several announcements referring to Christian work in connection with his own church, said that he had received a great many other notices with requests that he would intimate them to his con gregation, but as he was not a Sunday edition of the North, SritisTi' Advertiser be declined." The moral of this is that the notices had far better be published through the ordinary Becular adver tising medium. Thb Railway Wheat Traffic.—A visitor to Port Adelaide on Tuesday was surprised at seeing what he considered a lack of activity in shipping the golden grain, and upon meeting one of our leading merchant he remarked to liim upon the state of affairs, but the latter there upon related the following piece of experience ■' —The previous day he received from the Bail way Department a notice that twenty loaded trucks were due at the Port for the firm, who were desired to be ready to take delivery early in the morning. The merchant secured fifteen men, and besides had ready the services of a ship's crew and a donkey-engine; but up to 1 p.m. after the expectant consignee had gone all over the wharfs and Railway Station, he could only find that three truckloads had arrived, providing just sufficient work for half an hour of the great force ready to unload quickly the quantity of grain advised.—JLegister. « The Latr Railway Embezziehent.—Mr. J. S. Bellhouee was brought up for sentence on Wednesday, and, when asked if he had anything to say why sentence should not be passed, read the following statement:—" May it please your Honor — I crave leave to make the following observations in the hope that you will be pleased to take them into your merciful consideration in passing sentence upon me. No one act of the crime for which I am convicted, I humbly assure your Honor, was at any time committed with the shadowof an idea that I was offending against morality or law. I first took a small sum to meet pressing demands, intending to repay it at once out of moneys coming from a source I was reasonably justified in expecting would not foil me, but, alas! did so. Then came the inability to repay amount. JTurther pressing demands and disappointments, X might say, forced me to use moneys not my own, but which I thought I had every probability of being able to replace. Your Honor will doubtless have seen that these assu rances are home out by the depositions and facts and I humbly submit to your Honor that a deliberate commission of crime with a criminal intention is generally allied with as deliberate an act of concealment; but none such was attempted in my "case, as it was discovered almost imme diately it wa9 committed, and simply by the usual weekly inspection of the books. I now look back with anguish and sorrow at my reckless folly and infatuated notion that I could ever rectify my evil deeds, or that they would bear any pal liation. Yet such was my madness that I never dreamt of the destruction to whichXwashastenuig. Your Honor—I feel profoundly the degradation I have brought on myself, my innocent wife and children, and their name, and no sentence your Honor may pass, now that detection 'has brought me to my right mind, will make me more deeply regret, or more mournfully grieve over the crime I have committed, and the wrong I have done to the Government I should have faithfully served. In passing sentence upon me, I humbly beseech your Honor to take into consideration the cir cumstances which I have detailed, and also the fact that moneys to the amount of from £90,000 to £120,000 passed through my hands annually. I do not plead them as showing in the faintest degree any merit in myself, but I humbly ask your Honor to give them such weight as you may think they 'deserve. A criminal I am, hut oh, believe me, not a hardened one ; and I beseech your Honor to believe me when I say that the deepest pang in my overwhelming misery is that my innocent wife and children—of whom there are seven, all under twelve, and the youngest at the breast—are penniless, and for any provision X have made them must be, until the completion of my sentence, totally dependent on the kind ness of strangers, for neither my wife nor myself have any blood relatives in this country. least myself on your Honor's mercy, and pray for your compassionate consideration of my sad case.'' His Honor said it was unnecessary to call evi dence of previous character. He expressed his sorrow at seeing a person of prisoner's previous good character placed in such a position, but fejt it his duty to meet the crime by severe punishment as au example to others, and thereupon sen tenced him to imprisonment with hard labour for four years. Peogeess on the Pentnsuia.—The Moonta Advertiser of Tuesday last has an article on the progress of Moonta, which speaks well of the enterprise of its business men, and of the present condition of trade in that township. The article mentions that there are seventy-six places of business in Moonta exclusive of hotels, and more in course of erection; and that " under the genial influence of a rise in the price of copper, and great activity in prospecting and mining ventures, there has been a continued influx of population, and with it this large development of i the trading instinct." Of these places of business the majority are general stores. It appears that; there is talk of a farther continuous and large J influx of population; and whilst admitting that if the present prosperity should prove permanent it would be no cause of apprehension if the num ber of those making their way to the Peninsula was thousands instead of hundreds, it very pro perly and prudently points, out that (as the prosperity of the Peninsula rests solely on one particular interest) should the copper market again become depressed, or any contingency arise affecting the yield of the Peninsula mines, sudden and fatal collapsemust follow the present highly prized prosperity. The same remarks, it observes, apply to Kadina; and the moral of the article is, that whilst not wishing to write as alarmists, or to act selfishly, it is deemed prudent to warn those " who are casting their eyes hitherward with a view to future business operations to take the whole facts of the case into consideration," and thus to guard against disappointment and failure. Spibitistism: and GtiiavoYisCE.—The Mel bourne correspondent of the Samilton Spectator, speaking on this subject, says :—" Last week I had something to say about the spiritists, with a slight touch of clairvoyance. This week I have a little to add as to the latter. You may have observed in the business columns of the Argus for some months past, various advertisements, from lady astrologers, necromancers, clairvoyantes, &c.;, &e.;, who profess to be acquainted with all the incidents of your past life, and to be capable of advising you, for an adequate consideration, all you wish to know in the future. As to these advertisements, they so palpably point to shams that, knowing how veiy particular the Argus is as to what it admits to its colmnns, paid or un paid, we can only say, as the poet did as to the flies in the amber, " wonder how the they got there." These ladies, however, drive a very nice trade among the credulous. They generally style themselves Madame So-and-So, and are therefore foreigners—usually French- women— from Cork! One of them I had described to me the other day. Petite in size, about twenty (really thirty), with long fair ringlets, and of persuasive manners, she is very successful in ex tracting five pounds from the credulous, old or young. She sees visitors at home, but she also sees them abroad. Her usual mode is to work herself into a trance by means of a harmless powder or two, and then—not in a chair like my fair friend of last week, but lying in the bed of the female she is working the future for, and, if possible, with the gull by her side, she will give you all the information you wish, as to any person at home or abroad, if you will only place in her palm something belonging to him or her—a letter a carte, or a ring—anything. She was intro duced to a friend of mine the other day in one of the suburban boroughs. She persuaded my friend to be told her fortune—for the usual fee, of course. She went into a trance, but my friend did not. In that state she had certain letters put into her hand, but whether her interpretation of what will come of them is correct or not, time alone will tell. The astrologer's safety lies in the uncertainty of the future. It is not quite so safe to deal with the past. For example, this lady of the fair ringlets, had otber letters put into her haud. She described the writer of them as being alive and well. Unfortunately, my friend is a widow, and as the letters were those of her deceased husband, this revelation rather shook her faith in the tales of the medium. The latter, however, is something more than a clairvoyante. She is a special favourite of young married ladies who happen to be childless. She is greatly curative in this respect. For a five pound note she will put any lady so situated in one of those happy trances in which she herself indulges. How it comes about I am too inexperienced in elairvoyantic or spiritualistic affairs to form any opinion, but I am assured that the result of the trance is assuredly * a perfect cure/ But I have a little story to tell of this medium. I tear my hair when I think I have lived years enough in this Melbourne almost to be reckoned * an old chum,' and never before knew how it was done. How much money I may have lost—how much money I might have made—had I only known it To think about it is enough to vex a saint! This lady has a friend in the sharebroking business "Under the Verandah," and on rather a large too. I am confidently told this gentleman consults his oracle overnight, and if there is any particular stock in which he wishes to deal either by way of buying or selling, the medium soon knows it. Some customers probably pop in next day. The conversation usually gets round easily enough to speculation as to what stocks should be dealt with or avoided. It suddenly suggests itself to the broker that there is a lady in town who knows the stars, and can fortell even such sublunary matters as the prospects of mines, or the rise and fall of stocks. The fee is mentioned, and paid by joint sub scription. The cottage is visited, the lady is consulted, and of course the stocks my clever friend is anxious to deal in are recommended either for purchase or sale, as the medium had been advised. How the pair will afterwards gloat over their victims! I have always had a kind of apprehensive admiration of the genius of the Verandah men. I know of a speculator who used to bring samples of soil from long distances to consult a medium who lived in Prahran, as to whether gold lay nnder it. I know a gentlemau who confidently expects to find a great coal-field within an easy distance of Melbourne, by the help of the spirits. But I was not "fly" until an hour or two ago, to the relation of share broking and clairvoyance." 