colonial political tactics. The clona that appeared on the political horizon of the Victorian Government for a week or two within the last month has, so far, disappeared, and again it may-be said there is in some measure peace for a short time at least;- within the borders of onr Colonial Legislature. The drones in the political hive would,- no donbt, care very little as to the action taken by either side of the House, so long as the magic letters M.P. are attached to their signatures, and tbe clerk of' the Honse regularly makes out their mnch-valned cheques. " Happy-go-lncky " is. their", motto, and so they sweat oat the weary bour3 of do-nothingness on the soft-cushioned seats - of tbe; Assembly, heedlessly careless how the cat jnmps so long as their pay is secure. Rut in contrast to these sleepy Legislators, there are men of tbe genuine stamp in the House : go ahead, hard working senators who mean business, and whose whole attention is gived to the conjoined interests of the country, and the constituencies which they repre sent; men bflarg; mental calibre, who worthily do their doty, and who fear lessly assirt in legislating for the public good. Men who conscientiously yo'c. caring naught who ihey plc-ase,? if they' are 'satisEM within themsrive-s J that the course they tmrsne is the nrtR one. TLs said plots and cosnter pk>'-s are the order of the dsy, and that tne recently retained Sir Exdght has sail his-ev-e— apee his old position 2= leader of the- Hotue. The news has likewise spread abroad that the once Commis sioner of Railways will arrive in Ylctoiia in time to contest with his old enemy, the RaBarat electorate ; or if not" caring to risk ihe trying ordeal there, be will the field in another direction, £20 woo , tfc- favors of another cossii- iuenej. Bni these are but rumors, and may or may not be relied I ufoa- Almost as absurd and ridisaloas is the talked-of election gossip in the Norto-Eastern District, where names of persons are daily mentioned as 'ikely cenaiaefes, who are as uc5t for the oosition of members of Parliament as it i- possible for uneducated exmnixj bumkins to be, ana yet there are to he found in these districts intelligent, shrewd business men, who will flatter and urge these aspirants for legislative honors to eoine forward, and contest tbe elec torates, knowing Sill well that they have net the ghost of a chaEce of being returned; "When the time comes there will be no leek of good men and true, ready to come to the front and do bsttle for the votes of the electors, but cnlD the wooing-day arrives these gentlemen, like wise diplomatists, are bi-Jing their time and have no intention of being too hasty in their preliminary arrangements. Our old members w21 no doubt have their say in the nexi nolttica! struggle, and fee able to give a good account of their stewardship in the past, and their intentions for ihe fotore. One thing is sure ; ihe action they take within tbe next few. days with regard to the important measures that will be brought before the House will have nch to do with gaining the favor or otherwise of their constituents at the polling booths. A legal gentlemen of Wan garatta is said to be ready for the fray, and more than one ex- member for the district is likely to try conclusions with all comers, so that with our present members and a host of outsider?, we are likely to have a lively time Gf it during the coming electioneering cam paign. 