THE " PECKHAM GH03T" CAPTURED. FOB soné wcekB post the inhabitants of Peckham and neighbourhood hare been annoyed, and many persons alarmed, by the pranks played by an individual who hos earned the namo of the " Peckham Ohest ". In the lonely streets numbers of persons have been startled by the appearance of a figaro clothed in whito suddenly confronting thom iiTsomo lonely spot, and children and wemen particularly have been greatly alarmed. For weeks the police hare been endeavouring to catch this " Ghost," but without effect, nntil November 29, when the prisoner was captured. When brought before the magistrate, inspector Gedge deposed that several com- plaints had bcon lodged at the station of persons being alarmed by the '* Ghost." After tho prisoner was captured it was ascertained that a person carrying a half-gallon of beer in a stonebottlo was passing along, when a rann suddenly confronted him, and throning' np his arms and ottering ' some dismal cries, so alarmed him that I ho dropped tho vessel containing tho beer, and ran off in tho utmost dismay. Several" other persons had been frightened by the proceedings of the " ghost," and women and children in ninny instances wera afraid tc comtrout after darley Matilda Ayres, a girl about thir- teen years of age, said she was in the Sumner-road, when she saw a mon,-whom Bhe afterwards identified rn tho prisoner. Ho suddenly confronted ber,throw up his arms, uttered some strange sounds, and greatly alarmed her. Sba ran home, nnd shortly afterwards heard that tho "Ghost" was captured She bad before see him, and he then alarmed her. After the alarm was given that tko " Peckham Ghost" was in the neighbourhood of Sumncr-road, ».largo number of persons turned out for the pnrposo of capturing (bim, and ultimately bc was -followed-and run down to a houso whero ho bad taken rofnge. Upon bira was found a quantity of peas, which he was enid to use in throwing at the windows of bousas, and greatly alarming the inmates late at night. Tho prisoner, denied tba charge, and said, " I am as innocent as n, new-born baby." Tho pr ¡sou tr, T. JO said ho bad " no home,'' was remanded. 