EI-XT^A-OTS. English, American, and Foreign A zoological item of interest comes from Vicks burg, whioh bas an eooentrio tom-cat that per- sists in sitting on hen's eggs evidently for the purpose of supplying himself with food. At last accounts, three of the chiokens had broken shell, and were kindly cared for by their strange protector, who immediately oast the empty shells out of the nest, and went on with his inoubation. That a oat should imagine himself to be a hen is one of the most wonderful instances of mono- mania on record. A gentlcsian on the West Coast had some friends to dinner lately. A blessing was asked, and tbe guests having a keen appetite, had to wait the repetition of rather a lengthy grace, given in a drawling fashion, whioh did not take well on the ocoasion. After the meal had been disposed of, the guests were looking for another long prayer,when their entertainer,inasolemn,sombre sound, called out, '* Let ns return thanks." AU hung their heads, when thanks were returned in the following brief-"Thank God."-High lander. A Paris correspondent writes :-" A hatter of the town of Limoges has just died at the immense age of 105. His name was Alain quêtas, and he waa bom on tbe 2nd of July, 1769, or more than a fortnight before the First Napoleon. Louis XV. was on the throne, and the parliament, as now, was sitting at Versailles. One can hardly imagine a person who attained his majority before the Reign of Terror living in our time, having esoaped all the wara of the Empire and subsequent convulsions. Yet it ii only a few months ago I had the pleasure of break- fasting with a descendant of the great Colbert who remembered Robespierre. She informed me in a half whisper that he was suspected of being a réactionnaire, and looked round, as if afraid the ghost of the ' sea-green incorruptible* might riüe up and protest." The American medical journals report that Dr. R C. S. Foster, a practitioner in Missouri, left Maoon at nightfall with a friend, having a flask of whisky in one pocket, and a bottle of Cal vert's liquid carbolic acid, No. 5, in the other. After riding two miles, and being cold, he pro- posed to take a drink of the whisky, and took out of his pocket the carbolic acid, withdrew the stopper with his knife, and after offering some to his friend, who refused, took about half an ounce before discovering his mistake. He died in 10 or 15 minutes after entering the oabin of a negro. Mustard and lobelia were given him, but produced no emisis. The poison seemed to produce sudden and fatal sedation of the nerve centres; he must have died without muoh suffering. Tbe British Consul at Hiogo, Japan, reports an export of bronze to foreign countries in 1872 to the value of 450,000 dollars, and notices that a large portion of it was famished by the Budd- hist temples. The discouragement shown to that sect by the Government, anxious to favour and foster Shintoism, the anoient national re- ligion, and the appropriation to Imperial pur- poses of the revenues of many of the temples, have indaoed the priests to realize as muoh of their moveable property as possible ; and the massive bells, which formed a striking feature of these temples, have, with other bronze articles of use or ornament, found their way into tha bands of foreign merohants. The high price of copper in England made it profitable to ship the bronze thither, and then extraot from it the copper it contains. "Monsieur qui suit les dames" underwent a startling experience the other day at Vienna, if - a pieoe of gossip whioh comes from that capital is founded on fact. The lady to whom he owes bis well- deserved discomfiture is the venerable actress Frau Haizinger, who for many years has been the favourite of Austrian play-goers She was lately making her way home from the Volks garten just as the shades of night were gather« ing around. The darkness increased every moment, but was not deep enough, to prevent a young man who was sauntering along the street from noticing the fine figure and graceful oar« riage of the lady. He turned and followed her step by step. The. actress walked on more rapidly, but so did her admirer till, finding nothing else would do, she stepped into a shop, leaving the young man outside flattening his nose against the window-pane-" Be so good, sir," said she to the shopman, loud enough to be heard by the presuming youth, " to turn on the gas, that this gentleman may see his way home." The shopman complied, but the first ray of light had scarcely illuminated the scene when the stranger hastily disappeared. The object of his Budden attachment owns to the age of li.-Echo. A good story is being told at Gosport. An old gentleman bad crossed from Portsmouth, and was asked by cabby if he would like a oab for a driva that fine morning. The rejoinder waB that he should, if Jehu oould drive him where he woulfl like to go To this cabby replied that there wai no doubt about that, as he, knew eyery inch of the ground for 50 miles round. The old gentle- man's next query was, " Oould you take me where I should like to go safely ?" to whioh an. assuring reply was given. " Then," said the old gentle- man, " aViue me round the ' Victory.' " " All right sir," replied the flyman, "jump in." The fare jumped in, and Jarvey took him to Fareham, thence auder Portsdown Hill to Cosham, &p.;, and finally landed him at the starting-point, after crossing in the floating bridge from Portsmouth -a round of sixteen or seventeen mileB. The fare was evidently pleased with the ready wit of the driver, and though the charge was rather stiff, be walked off anoomplamingly. Tennyson's heroines wear very rich robes. At a fanoy ball Enid's dress would be a very long and sweeping one, of a noh gold embroidered material; the bodice out square, very long and pointed, bordered with fur and gold, whioh is carried round the neok and down the centre of the front, in the form of a stomacher ; the sleeves are long and hanging from the elbow ; on the head is a jewelled coif or fillet, the bair hanging at the back in long plaits. Elaine has long gold hair flowing loosely, having a band of gold vjilh pointed stars round the head ; ber rioh robes aro I muob jewelled in front; the bodice, which reaches to the hips, being very tight to the figure, and bordered with a jewelled band. The bodio« comes almost to the throat, where it l8 put square. I At the top of the sleeves there is a kind of jewelled epaulette. Vivien's dreis is a long plain robe, one end of which is thrown oarelessly over one shoulder ; her loose bair is also oonfined by a band of gold ; the material of the dress should be rich and figured on a gray ground with no gold thread on it. Guinevere's is the moat oogtly dress of all. Jewelled bands are introduced round the square-out bodioe, and the gold oap is also jowelled ; the sleeves are tight at the lower part of the arm, but the upper part is slashed, and jewels introduced round the slashings, the sleeve« - being of a different colour from the bodice. Ia all these costumes the skirts are long and flowing, almost like a habit. Mr. Ar oh, the secretary of the Agricultural Labourers' Union, has arrived at Quebeo, and has had an interview with Lord Dufferio, to whom he explained the objeot of his mission. In the evening Mr Arch dined with his Lord« ship, and on the following day be was to start for the " bush." The Government of Canada is, it is stated, maturing an emigration sohema which embodies most of the viewBof Mr. Arch, The Cheltenham people are raising a subsorip. tion to pay the fine imposed on the proprietor of the Cheltenham Chronicle, for his article on the Tiohborne trial. Tbe other day a Dublin tutor who bad repeat« edly to reprimand a youth for inability to find au article if it was the least out of its usual posi- tion, came out in a passion with the follow- ing :-" I suppose if you found yonr head not on iti usual place some day, you wouldn't know where to go and look for it." The death is announced of Ferdinand Munoz, Duke of Rianzares, the husband of Queen Chris* tina of Spain, at Havre He was a simple soldier in the royal bodyguard when the queen, then Regent during the minority of Isabella II, took him into favour and afterwards married him. Through that union he was created duke and grandee of Spain. He had several daughter!, one of whom is married to a Prince Czartoryski, Thomas Brassey, M.P. for Hastings, has just passed the examination of the Local Marino Board of the Port of London, and obtained bia certificate of profioienoy as a master in the mer« oantile marine. Mr. BraBsey is the first ama- teur sailor who bas obtained snch a certificate. It Is only granted upon the candidate exhibiting a thorough knowledge of praotioal stvigaftoÇ| The papers laid before the House of Commons' seleot committee of last session on the Civil Servioe expenditure show that witbin living memory the official income of the chief legal functionary of this kingdom was muoh higher than it is at present. A communication from Lord Hatherley staten that in Lord Eldon's time the salary of the Lord Chancellor, including bankruptcy fees, exceeded £20,000 a year. At a muoh more recent date it was as high as £14,000. Lord Hatherley says :-" The last reduotion wai made by Lord Truro, and I had the pleasure, as Solicitor-General, of introducing the bill whioh reduoed the salary from £14,000 to its present amount of £10,000-namely £6000 as Lord Chancellor, and £4000 as Speaker of the House of Lorda " Mutton in tallow was a risky shipment not very long ago, and debitnotes were not unknown in oonneotion therewith. A change seems to be impending, if, indeed, it has not already come. Three shipments of mutton-hams thus packed and forwarded from. Lyttelton, New Zealand, ex War- wick, ex Brechin Castle, and the other ex Beau- tiful Star, have come to hand in very fair con- dition. The three shipments numbered 20,000 hams and weighed about sixty tons. The whole were sold in a single line at a price said to be satisfactory to the shippers, and the whole lot is being rapidly passed into the bands of retailers, whose customers speak very highly of them. It is stated at St. Petersburg that the early évacuation originally intended of Khiva had, at the last accounts from the Khanate, been sud- denly stopped. The Orenburg troops whioh were on their way back bad baited at Ugendsch, and it was reported would probably winter there. So also with the Turkestan column, detachments of which were occupying part of the right bank of the Upper Amu, with" every appearance of taking up their quarters there permanently un- less special orders to the contrary should arrive from St. Petersburg. The St. Petersburg papers publish newa which show a very troublous state of matters in Khiva. Turkoman insurgents had seized the capital of Khokhan, and taken away the Khan's treasure, carrying it off to the moun- tains. The Khan bad beheaded forty of the insurgent delegates who came with offers of peace. This had caused a fresh outbreak. The rooms and vaults at Somerset House recently vacated by the Admiralty are going to be handed over by Her Majesty's Commissioners of Works to the authorities of Doctor's CommonB. The spacious vaults beneath the terrace facing the river are being converted into strong rooms, for wbioh purpose the earth and defective lead have been removed from the crowns of the arches, to admit of a foundation of oonorete, on which will be placed a layer of asphalte to insure the vaults being made thoroughly waterproof. A woman was murdered at Darlington on Sept. 13, the oause alleged being jealousy. Charles Dawson, an ironworker, who lived with a young woman named Margaret Addisou, attacked her in the house with a coal-rake, and struck ber on the head and body. The ruffian then, as his victim screamed, pressed her neck down to the floor with one of his heavy boots, while with the other he kicked her. He jumped on her, and finally seized a large earthen pan and dashed it upon her head, killing her upon the spot. The attaok wu witnessed by a man, who was deterred from interfering by a loaded revolver which Daw- son held. Tbe murderer theo decamped, but strong bodies of police guarded the various roads from the town and searohed several of his haunts. A dog whioh wu reooguised to be Dawson's was followed by the police, who broke open a door where the animal was scratching to obtain ad- mission, and captured tbe ruffian, who offered no resistance. At the inauguration of the Column of Victory on Sept. 2, the Emperor William rode his famous oharger Sadowa-so ohristened after the battle of the same name-whioh still oontinues his favourite horse. The horse is now twenty-four yean old, and was bred at the royal stud of Trakehuen. The Emperor, though ho makes a splendid figure on horsebaok, is by no means a good horseman, and has certain peculiarities in the handling of his bearer which make it difficult to break in a horse of mettle altogether to suit him. On mounting, for instance, be drags his right Bpur aorosB his borse'a back. His attach- ment to well- brok.n-in horses ia necessarily great. Sadowa was originally called Veranda. On the day of Sadowa it bore its master for seventeen hours at a stretch, to wtrcb feat it owes its present popularity. On account of its age it ia at present used only on state occasions, when it still makes a fine appearance. An International Judicial Conference has been sitting at Ghent. Signor Mancini, member of the Italian Parliament, was elected president. The object of the conference was to " examine the question of bringing scientific action to bear I upon the administration of international law." The conference has constituted a permanent International Law Institute, agreed upon its sta- tutes, and laid down the three following subjects for consideration-viz , international arbitra- tion ; the three rules laid down in the Treaty of i Washington ; and the conclusion of treaties for the modification of tbe fundamental rules of international law with respect to private pro- perty. . The members before separating voted a manifesto and an address to the KiDg of the Bel- gians, thanking His Majesty for the hospitable reception afforded them. On Sunday, 8ept. 7, tho broad waters of the . Atlant io brought to Kilkee a shoal of maokerel, the largest, perhaps, that bas visited the place during the past three years. The day being Sunday, tbe fishermen were not out in their boats, but they anticipated that, as it sometimes bap pens, large quantities of the fish, not taking advantage of the receding tide to swim out to tbe ocean and to safety, would rest among the rocks inside the Dungannon reef and tbuB becomean easy prey. Their expectations were fully tea'ised, for when the tide receded fish were seen everywhere among the rocks and were caught in numbers with the hand; but there is one large hole about 20 feet wide, and perhaps in length two or three times its breadth, and in whioh, through the transparent water, the fish oould be seen in thousands. Five large nets were brought immediately into requisiton, and into these the fish were chased by a number of boys who are accomplished swimmers. During the space of a couple of hours nets full of fish were hauled up, and the objeotof every man, woman, boy, and girl appeared to be to catch the last maokerel, and not to leave till it was no longer safe to dare the foaming billows, whioh were breaking over the rooks in all directions. It is ?aid that one maa caught £6 worth of fish, while the haul made by many others was nearly u large: The fishermen here say that the appearance of a shoal of fish usually betokens fine weather. 