DOOM'S HI CAMP. THE EXTRA CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF ALL THE YEAR ROUID. DOOM'S DAY CAMP. * " Wal, sir, and so you have concluded to fix yourself in our city ! I guess you couldn't do better! This is the place for a live man, ♦hie Chicago, just beginning to feel its feet. not half played out like your old Manchester and Yorkshire on the other side. No, sir, and not like St. Louis, a one-horse place, which we could put into one of our grain elevators, but which is never tired of blowin' and crackin' itself up. Yes, sir, Chicago is the Queen of the West, you bet." "Then you think I have done right in making up my mind to settle here ?" "Yes, sir, that is so ! I am acquainted with this continent. I was down to Bosting when I was a lad, and was located in New York at the Grand Central Hotel for two weeks when James T. Heflfernan run for mayor. Likewise Philadelphia and Wash ington, but they don't amount to much. Don't you believe what the real estate brokers tell you about them cities ; it won't wash, it's quite too thin; but plank down your pile in Chicago, and you'll have no heed to more stakes never age 11." The speaker was a man standing two or three inches over six feet in height, lean ribbed and wiry in frame, and giving one the idea of great strength. His clear grey eyes, looking even lighter than nature had originally intended them, in the deep bronzed complexion in which they were set, bad a Irank, earnest, ana witnai somewnat humorous expression; his nose was large and aquiline; his lips thin and compressed : and his square chin was covered with a long hay-coloured beard. A slight stain at the corner of his mouth, an occasional abstrac tion of manner under the influence of extra enjoyment, and an unremitting attention to the china jar which, placed on the floor of the car, served for a spittoon, showed that Rufus P. Croffut followed the practice still common among his western countrymen, and regularly invested a certain portion of his dollar in Bagley's Mayflower, which he held to be the best chewing tobacco made in the Sates. His companion was a good specimen of the average middle-class Englishman, young, good-looking, and intelligent, and the place where the conversation just recorded was carried on was a drawingroom car—a large saloon on wheels, elegantly fitted with easy-chairs, tables, mirrors, &c.;, running over the Pennsylvania Central Kailroad, and now neariug Chicago, the time being about eleven on the night of Sunday, the 8th of October, 1871. "Blows, don't it?" said Rufus P. Croffut, pulling his coat tightly round him; "wind seems to snake in at every crack, and that nigger"—looking at the negro who was trim ming one of the suspended lamps—" tliat nigger is powerful weak at keeping the door shut Say, Peter, pretty tall wind outside, ain't there?" "Reg'lar storm, colonel," replied the negro; " 'nuff to blow de smokestack out of de locomotive." "Fall weather is all gone, I guess, and in ^ winter right away. Well, an?!1 ton. since you're decided to squat in Chicago, I can recommend you to a board iorated^ w^ere F°u will lie comfortably 8?ch a stranger in Chicago as you n? ^ s^d Harry Middleton, with timTu i , ve heen there once before, friend y or a ^ew days, and I have some 2.^1; one friend especially, who-in e ftdded, with cheeks flush "f«m e! ^ companion's searching gaze, "ayngto Chicago to be married." lirnnH o.: cried Croffut, with a wonV £m; Yf^y, then, in course you awavtoiK! ni° hoarding, but will go right gal of^ou^r P y' mister' who 48 t^"8 ttaauMH™ 8l®'t?e-d at the abruptness of that hk i*™ ! Jmmediately recollecting Dffend 5,°. intention to yndee QHa nT1j H Ml88 0tw> daughter of interrupted the Western, i om! r«,«0V0,wn wnce she was ! i the jedge when oronr rt!y a ^ew appropriation krigKft Sm^OongnMr She's Youre in lack's that!" 'vAlyen Joy 1 Ha, what's was .caused by a tremen Pv«rthe onen w¥lch °a®e sweeping «■* I toffw ol» said lt„°f theyflSdcw ^ them, and looking ^rwildSt,"' 88my 80ul' it's » >d CmffuSj.^C'e than wind, Peter," ,Ur eyes hig look. "Keep tern. I've dnmT *aftn see straight over " aX?5i-lS B» lighten the ^ brtel" * SPSS'1wSfiffU***. Chicago. I Mr. Croffut?" he added, shading his eyes with his hand : " dey do everything in Chi cago better than anywhere else—even to fires." " Tell you what it is," said Croffut, still looking straight before him, " this ain't going to be just one of your match-box blazes, this ain't. It means going, this does, and everything is in its favour. There has been no rain all summer, and the sun has scorched all the sap out of the trees, and haked the airth and the houses till they're as dry as tinder, and as ready to fire. And there's this here drivin' gale of wind, surg ing up from the south-west. Look at the lake under it. It's whipping the waters until Old Nick is growing reg'lar mad." He pointed as he spoke to the lake, along side of which the train was running, and on whose troubled surface the waves were rising high and white-crested, like the breakers on an ocean beach. " Guess de fire department will be pretty tired with last night s work, and won't care about turning out again in a hurry," said Peter. " Flames seem to walk along strong, don't they, Mr. Croffut ?" "They du, that same," said Croffut; " the way it Hares is a caution!" " Have you any idea," asked Harry Mid dleton, who, while eagerly scanning the distant horizon, had listened to this conver sation with blanched cheeks, " have you any idea whereabouts the fire is ?" "Looks somewhar round by the de-pot, I should say," said Peter, straining his eyes under the shade of his hand. " Don't you think so, Mr. Croffut?" "More than that, I guess," said Croffut. " It would take all 10 or 12 blocks to make that light. It's making tracks through them wooden buildings and shanties in the West Division, that's what's the matter. What makes you take such an interest in it, young man?" he asked, turning to Middleton. " I—I was anxious for Myra." "Lord, I forgot about the gal," said Croffut. '' Whar is she stayin' ?" " At the Sherman - house, or at the Pacific—I don't know which," said Harry. " Don't you be skeared, my lad. I guess the jedge ain't easily taken by a deadfall. You can't come any gum-games over him; and if he saw the fire creeping up to his diggings, and thought he was going to be crowded out, he'd move stakes at once. He ain't one to bark up the wrong tree, ain't the jedge." As he spoke the engine, uttering its deep intermittent groans, and with the huge bell suspended midway over its boiler loudly clanging, was already running through the outskirts of the town, and nearing the scene of devastation. Already the narxow streets and alleys, right through the centre of which the railroad ran, were beginning to overflow, and to be chocked with people driven from their houses, whose terror-stricken faces were silent witnesses of the anguish through which they had passed; women, frantic ! with terror, and only half dressed, who had been roused from their threatened homes, and dragged into the streets ; children, only half awake, and dazed and deafened by the roar and tumult; men, laden with such hasty waifs and strays of their deserted hearths as they had been enabled to snatch up in the moment of flight—all drifting about, in hope less uncertainty, in search of any place of refuge. Already the train was forcing its way through an atmosphere alive with showers of sparks and swirling Hakes of fire, which went hurtling through the air, borne upon the wings of the tornado then raging, an atmosphere so rarefied by the intense heat as to cause the cooler air from beyond to rush in with eddying whirlwinds. Already the engine, with its iron-tongued bell boom ing out the knell of doom, was coming to a standstill far in advance of its usual halting place, and the affrighted passengers, leaping forth, saw before them a deep, dull, red glow fringed by two lively tongues of brilliant flame, which leaped forth, and lit up and swallowed all with which they came in con tact Harry Middleton was one of the first to alight, and hurried on for a few steps, but he soon found anything like swift progress impossible, and stood, more than half dazed, gazing on the scene around him. Far into the broad channel of the main road, fed on either side by innumerable intersect ing streets and courts and alleys, each con tributing its quota of terror-stricken people to the general mass, came pouring a shriek ing, yelling, gesticulating crowd, only to be numoered by thousands, and making its way it scarcely knew whither, in a mad, frenzied stampede. Away from the fire they were rushing—away from the burnt-up beggars' homes and the scenes of horror which they had just witnessed; men, women, and chil dren, all for the most part laden with some articles of value, which they had hastily se cured, each trying to outstrip the other in the frantic flight. Crashing down into the midst of this mass were vehicles of every description, which had been hired at fabu lous prices, and which were stacked with furniture and goods, amongst which not un frequently lay crying women and cowering children, the drivers yelling at their fright ened beasts, and fighting their way through the human mass, which was too weak to re pulse them, and yet too dense and serried to escape. But this escaping crowd, numerous and powerful as it was, aid not have it all its own way- F°r directly opposed to it, and hurrying from the veiy direction to wards which it bent its steps, came another seething, straggling mass of humanity, com posed of merchants and proprietors who, living far out in the extreme suburbs, had only just learned the disaster of the night, and were now hurrying into the city in not haste, eager to learn what amount of ruin had fallen upon them. Where these opposing bodies met, the scene was most frightful: men seized upon each other and endeavoured to dear the way _and pursue their progress by sheer brute force; the old and feeble were knocked down and trampled upon; children were torn from their parents, and the heavy lurid air, echoing from time to time with a dull roar as the gunpowder did its useless work, was pieroea with childish shrieks and female lamentations. "Say," said a voice in Harry Middleton's ear, as he stood gazing at these frightful sights, " I've seen more fires than you could shake a stick at, but nothing like this: this livens up, this does, out of pure cussedness. Now, see here, I'm my own boss, and haven't got woman nor child to look after. You're too young to count for much in a skear like this, and I'll stand by your side and see you through it. Now come along with me, we'll make our trade to the Sherman-house and see after Myra and the jedge." It was Croffut's deep-toned voice that spoke: it was Croffut's hand that gripped Harry Middleton's arm, and pulled him for ward. The young man made no attempt to resist, but pulled himself together with an effort, and followed his conductor down a broad street branching off from the main thoroughfare. Here the crowd was much less dense, though, even as it was. the. street was terribly thronged, while the soenes enacted in it were of an equally painful and extraordinary character. For while, at the outbreak of the fire, the professional thieves had taken advantage of the public excite ment to carry on a certain amount of petty pilfering, as the night wore on and the terrific extent of the impending disaster became apparent, they dropped all pretence of concealment, and aided by thousands of poverty-stricken loafers, who only needed the opportunity to drop from idleness into crime, began to pillage indiscriminately, Such stores and warehouses as were closed were speedily broken open and gutted of their contents, while in others, where the owners and their servants were busying themselves in packing up the property ready for transportation, the influx of a band of deperadoes would be the signal for a hand to-hand fight, at the conclusion of which, the legitimate occupants, outnumbered and over powered, would be cast, maimed and bleed ing, into the streets, while the robbers would give themselves up to their work of plunder and destruction. It was obvious, however, from the nature of the booty which, in many cases, became theirs, that all their boldness and success would have been thrown away had they been unable to_ obtain the means of transport. In league with the robbers, however, were a large number of rascally "expressmen" (who are the recognised agents for the conveyance of goods and luggage in America), correspond ing to the Picktords and other great radway carriers in England, who, in consideration of a share of the proceeds, placed their waggons and horses at the disposal of the thieves, and waited as composedly at the doors of houses which were being ransacked as though they were there upon a legiti mate errand. Nor was the robbery confined to the sacking of shops and private dwellings. Raids made on the liquor stores, and the effects of the drink were beginning to be painfully prominent. While maudlin wretches, male and female, lay stretched upon the streets hiccuping forth their drun ken songs and ribald blasphemy, others, who had not drunk so deeply, stood at the corners of the streets banded together in groups of three or four, and stopping all the women and children, and the weaker men that passed by, bearing money, jewellery, or any small article of value, compelled them to yield it up. Not unprepared, apparently, for scenes of this kind, and certainly totally undaunted by them, was Rufus P. Croffut. Scarcely had they started on their walk when he stopped short, and putting his hands behind him and pulling a Derringer from each of those two hind-pockets which are so universal in American, so uncommon in European trousers, handed one to his companion as he said : " I reckon I git the drift of this pretty cl'ar. They're keerless of human life about here, these derned rowdies, and will draw a bead on you at onct if you hevn't the savvey to draw on them first. But there's a few of them know me, and I guess they'll dry up when they see me, so keep your shooting-iron handy, and come along." Whether it was that Croffut was known to these desperadoes as the hero of certain adventures in the early days, in which very rough though even-handed justice had been dealt forth, or whether, as is far more prob able, his gaunt wiry frame and resolute face, aided by the appearance of the Derringer in his right hand, had that effect, it is certain that he and his young companion pushed through the crowd unmolested, and made their way to the Sherman-house. On their arrival there they found the man sion in a blaze! Nevertheless, it was the only place where a certain amount of discipline seemed to be preserved. The people who were gathered together in front of the burning pile were gazing idly 011 because they had nothing better to do; having been utterly ruined some hours previously, they could with equani mity contemplate the sufferings of their neighbours, but the residents in the hotel, having had due notice, had all longsince been removed to places of shelter. All? "All, sir,"said the clear-headed, energetic hotel clerk, whosince the establishment was first threatened had been actively engaged in providing for the safety of those confided to his care, and to whom the question was addressed by Croffut; " all, sir, including a number of ladies as hadn't any male escort, and down to five ladies who were sick, and whom we just carried out of their rooms, and have placed in these hacks," pointing to some cabs just by the pavement and just about to start off: "Five! There's only four women there," said Croffut; " but they look sick enough for fifty." "There are five, sir," repeated the clerk, passing along, and looking into the cabs. " Why, my God !" he exclaimed, turning rapidly round to two or three of the porters who, scorched and blackened by the smoke, were standing by, silently watching the progress of the flames and momentarily expecting the building to fall in, "didn't any one go for the lady in Number Thirty-two, Judge Otis's room T' "What's that?"cried Harry Middleton, pushing past his friend ; " what name did you say ?" "Nonsense, stay; no matter now," said Croffut, laying his heavy hand on the young man's chest, "the whole place is full of flames." " Bet me go," cried Harry, sliaking him off, and seizing an axe from a fireman. "It's Myra's life that's in danger." " Wal," said the hotel clerk, quietly, picking up a large overcoat that lay on the ground, and enveloping his head and arms m it, " if you go, I'm going too, jest to show you the way." "So am I," said Croffut, taking similar precautions. "If the poor girl is there, jroull^vant some one pretty strong to help So, with a loud cry from the crowd, which was half a shout of encouragement, half an expression of horror at the boldness, the three ^men dashed forward into the now trembling structure. Through great flaring bursts of flame, that leapt and glowed au round them, through thick columns of smoke, they made their way, now halting for an instant before the hot breath of the fire, now pressing on with renewed energy, until the hotel clerk touched Croffut, who was leading, on the shoulder, and silently pointed to a door. At a blow and a kick from the western man's foot and hand, in it crashed, leaving an aperture through which Harry Middleton was the first to spring. It was her room! Harry recognised the heavy blue serge dress hanging in the open wardrobe as one which he had himself or dered from England, for Myra—but the room was empty—she was not there! He ran hither and thither shrieking her name in tones of anguish, then, overpowered by the smoke and flame, but worst of all by the deadly sinking of his heart, he succumbed and fell senseless on the floor. When Horry Middleton came to himself, the first thing he felt was an acute pain in his right arm, and looking at it- he found that the sleeve of his coot had been cut away, and that the limb was enveloped in strips of wetted rag. Where wob he ? How came he to be lying there stretched out on his back, propped up against a mound of turf, and, as far as he could make out through the gloom, with trees not yet entirely ripped of their autumnal foliage waving stripped __ above him ? What was this strong smell of charred wood ? What was the meaning of that red lurid light in the sky above, ana all around? Ah, he remembered now, the burning city, the crumbling walls of the hotel, the—the search for his lost love! And this beneath him 011 which lie was lying, this substance half singed, half soaked, was her serge dress, the last thing on which he had looked before his senses left him! What had happened to him that he had aban doned the search, and lay idle there? He must get up at once and learn what had occurred ! He strove to raise himself, - but there was a dead numbness through all his limbs, and he fell back helpless. At that moment Rufus P. Croffut's honest face was interposed between him and the sky. "Say," cried the kindly western giant, "why you ain't crazy no longer, but have corned right away to yerself! Lay right still and listen while I talk to yer! I know what ye're going to ask—about Miss Myra, ain't it? She's safe, you bet!" " Safe!" cried Harry, with a groan. " Wal, she wasn't folded up in the fire at the Sherman-house, anyhow. This is all about that. When you caved in 011 the floor, I thought you was clean rubbed out. Me and the hotel clerk, who is cl'ar grit all through—me and the hotel clerk throwed a pitcher of water over this here gownd, and fixed you up in it, and snaked you out as best we could. It wern't such cruel easy work, but we got through with it, and while 1 was wondering whether you'd passed in your checks or was still good for a hand, one of the haekmen came up and told me he see'd Jedge Otis and his gal pass out of the hotel more than an hour before. I told him he lied, but he fixed it up right enough, for he says, ' I'm from New Hampshire, and I've knowed the jedge ever since he was a long- legged galoot at East Concord—the gal she's sick, ain't she? Wal, the jedge he comes out, and he makes a trade with James M'Nulty, one of the haekmen, to take him and a lady out of the reach of the fire : anywhere, he says, out of the reach. Sixty dollars M'Nulty asked, and the jedge never dickered, but agreed to give it, and went back into the house to fetch the lady. While he was gone, Natey Dodge, of the jewellery store in the next block, came round saying he'd been trying everywhere for an express waggon and couldn't get one, and he give the hackman a five hundred dollar bill to let hiin pack the coach full of his goods as many times as he could between then and the time the fire got to his store. " That's good enough for me," said the driver, and though the jedge just then arrove at the door with the sick gal in his arms, the hackman was driving off, when three men in the crowd standing by had a word together. Then two of them went for the driver, knocked him into the road and held him there, while the third helped to hand the jedge and the lady into the carriage, jumped on to the box, seized the reins, and struck a bee-line for a place ofsafety." "Thank God," said Harry Middleton, faintly. " But has nothing more been heard of her?" "Wal, 110," said Croffut, after a short pause. " It ain't no use lying, and so far I am cornered. I brought you out here, mostwise on my back, to this here Lincoln park, where all the poor skeared homeless critturs has fled to, and where, if you could only look round—so, gently, let me give you a heft under the shoulder, now, down again —you would see yourself s'rounded by the curiousist lot of humans— Germans, French, and all sorts. Doom's Day Camp some of 'em calls it, and I ain't surprised that many of 'em think the very last day's come for 'em, poor wretches. I spoke to two or three of them, for though they had misery enough of their own, I know'd they'd look after you, and they did so, while I went and looked all round the park. Sech heaps of trouble I never see j.men, women, and children all down in it, but the jedge weren't among them, nor Myra neither." " What shall I do—oh, what shall I do?" "Don't go back on your luck, sonny," said Croffut, cheerily; "nothing can't be done till daybreak, and there's hours till then, when I'll set about a further search. See, here's two of your nurses coming to speak to yer," he added, as a man and a woman drew near. " Gott sey dank, the young herr is better," said the woman, a fresn, wholesome-looking German, with rather sad grey eyes, hurrying to Harry's side. And before Harry could thank her several of the other sufferers came up, haggard, and worn, and smoke-blackened, but all, even in their own misery, sufficiently human-hearted to find a kind word for the suffering lad, of the loss of whose love, and of whose bravery in the search for her, they had heard. They grouped themselves around, and after discussing for the thousandth time the incidents of the fire, as personally affecting themselves, drifted into indifferent topics. At last one of the men lying on the outside edge of the circle struck a key-note by say ing: " This here park jines on to the cemetery, I guess. 1 hope no catawampous vampires will be out grazing there to-night." " Ach Himmel, don't talk of such dreadful things as vampires," cried a fair-haired ; German girl, burying her head in her mother's lap. "And yet they are not so dreadful as those who think they have to deal with them," . said a grave French gentleman from his place close by Harry. " I know a story " "A story! cried Croffut. " Hyer, hand it round." Instantly there was a chorus of exclama tion in various languages, all clamouring for the story. *! " Well," said the French gentleman, re laxing into a grave smile. " I will tell you the story. It may serve to send some to sleep, or for a time to distract the thoughts of others from matters of which, Heaven knows, they will have enough." And so, without further preface, he com menced— THE FATEOF MADAME CABAJTEL. Progress had not invaded, science had not enlightened, the little hamlet of Pieuvrot, in Brittany. They were a simple, ignorant, super stitious set who lived there, and the luxuries of civilisation were known to them as little as its learning. They toiled hard all the week; they went regularly to mass in the little chapel; believed implicitly all that monsieur le curd said to them, and many things he did not say ; and they took all the unknown, not as magnificent, but as diabolical The sole link between them and the out side world was Monsieur Jules Cabanel, the proprietor par excellence of the. plaoe; maire, juge de p&ix;, and all the public xuhc tionaries rolled into one. And he sometimes went to Paris, whence he returned with a cargo of novelties that excited envy, admira tion, or fear, according to the degree of intel ligence in those who beheld them. Monsieur Jules Cabanel was not the most charming: man of his class in appearance, but lie was generally held to be a good fellow at bottom, A short, thick-set, low-browed man, with blue-black hair cropped close like a mat, as was his blue-black beard, inclined to obesity, and fond of good living, he had need have some virtues behind the bush to compensate for his want of personal charmB. He was not bad, however; he was only common and un lovely. , Up to 50 years of age he had rerfiamed un married. Perhaps his handsome housekeeper, Adele, had something to dowith his persistent, celibacy. They said she had, under their breath, as it were, down in the village; but no one dared to so much as hint the like to herself. She was a proud, reserved kind of woman, and had strong notions of her own dignity, which no one cared to disturb. So, whatever the underhand gossip of the place might be, neither she nor her master got wind of it. Presently, and quite suddenly, Jules Caba nel, who had been for a longer time than usual in Paris, came home with a wife. Adfele had twenty-four hours' notice only to prepare, and the task seemed heavy. But she got through it; arranged the rooms as she knew her master would wiBb them to be arranged, and even placed a voluntary bunch of flowers on the salon table. "Strange flowers for a bride," said to her self little Jeannette, the goose- girl, who was sometimes brought into the house to work, as she noticed heliotrope—called in France la fieur des veuves—scarlet poppies, with a bunch of belladonna, and another of aconite —scarcely flowers of bridal welcome or bridal significance. Nevertheless, they stood where Adele had placed them; and if Monsieur Cabanel meant anything by the passionate expression of disgust with which he ordered them out of his sight, madame seemed to understand nothing, as she smiled with the look of a person who is assisting at a scene of which the true bearing is not under stood. Madame Cabanel was an Englishwoman; young, pretty, and fair as an angeL " La heaute du dlable," said the Pieuvro tines, with something between a sneer and a shudder; for the words meant with them more than they mean in ordinary use. Swarthy, ill-nourished, low of stature, and meagre in frame as they were themselves, they could not understand the plump form, tall figure, and fresh complexion of the Englishwoman. Unlike their own experience, it was therefore more likely to be evil than good. The feeling which had sprung up against her at first sight deepened when it was observed that, although she went to mass with praiseworthy punctuality, she did not know her missal, and signed herself d travers. La beauts du diable, in faith ! " Povff' said Martin Briolic, the old grave digger of the little cemetery; " with those rea lips of hers, her rose cheeks, and her plump shoulders, she looks like a vampire, and as if she lived on blood." He said this one evening down at La Veuve Prieur's, and he said it with an air of convic tion that had its weight. For Martin Briolic was reputed the wisest man of the district, not even excepting monsieur le cure, who i was wise in his own way, which was not Mar tin's, nor Monsieur Cabanel, who was wise in liis, which was neither Martin's nor the cure's^ He knew all about the weather and the stars, the wild herbs that grew on the plains, and the wild shy beasts that ate them; he had the power of divination, and could find where the hidden springs of water lay far down in the earth. He knew, too, where treasures could he had on Christmas Eve if only you were quick and brave enough to enter the cleft in the rock at the right moment, and come out again before too late ; and he had seen with his own eyes the White Ladies danc ing in the moonlight, and the little imps, the lutius, playing by the pit at the edge of the wood. And he had a shrewd suspicion as to who, among those black-hearted men of La. Creche-en-bois, the rival hamlet, was a laup garou if ever there was one on the face of the earth—and no one doubted that 1 He had other powers of a yet more mystic kind; so I that Martin Briolic's bad word went for some thing. Fanny Campbell, or, as she was now, Madame Cabanel, would have excited no special attention anywhere but at such a dead-alive, ignorant, and gossiping place as Pieuvrot. What history she had was com monplace enough. She was simply an orphan and a governess; very young, and very poor; whose employers had quarrelled with her, and left her stranded in Paris, alone and almost moneyless, sand who had married Monsieur Jules Cabanel as the best thing she could do. Loving no one else, she was not difficult to be won by the first man who showed her kindness in her trouble and destitution; and she accepted her middle aged suitor, who was fitter to be her father than her husband, with a determination to do her duty cheerfully and faithfully. She did not know, however, of the handsome housekeeper Adele, nor of the housekeeper's little nephew, to whom her master was so kind that he allowed him to live at the MaiBon Cabanel, and had him well taught by the cure Perhaps if she had, she would have thought twice before Bhe put herself under the same roof with a woman who for a bridal bouquet offered her poppies, helio trope, and poison flowers. II one had to name the predominant characteristic of Madame Cabanel, it would be easiness of temper. You saw it in the round, soft lines of her face and figure, in her mild blue eyes, and placid, unvarying smile ; which, however, sometimes irritated the more petulant French temperament, and especially disgusted Adfele. It seemed almost impossible to make madame angry, or even, to make her understand when she was in sulted, the housekeeper used to say with disdain. But madame acoepted all Adfele's haughty, reticent, and defiant continuance of mistresshood with unwearied sweetness; indeed she expressed herself gratified that st> much trouble was taken off her hands, and that Adfele so kindly took her duties on The consequence of this placid lazy life, where all her faculties were, in a manner, asleep, and where she was enjoying the re action from her late years of privation and anxiety, was, as might be expected, an in crease in physical beauty that made her freshness and good condition still more re markable. Her lips were redder, her cheeks rosier, her shoulders plumper than ever; but as she waxed, the health of the little hamlet waned;and not the oldest inhabitant re membered so sickly a season, or so many deaths. The master, too, suffered dignity, and the little Adolphe desperately. ,. „ This failure of general health inundmned hamlets is not uncommon in Franoe or in England ; but Adtie treated it as. something outof the line of normal expenenoe; ana, breaking through her habits of reticence, spSke to every one quite fiercely of the strange sickness that had fallen on Pieuvrot andthe Maison Cabanel;mad how she be lieved it was something more thou common j while as to her little nephew, slie could neither give a name nor find a remedy for the mysterious disease that had attacked him There were strange things among them, she used to say; and PieuvTot had never done well since the old times were changed. Jeanentte used to notice how she would sit gazing at the English lady, with such a deadly look on her handsome face, when she tnmed from her fresh complexion and grand physique to the pale face of the stunted, meagre, fading child. It was a look, she said afterwards, that used to make her flesh get like ice and creep like worms. One night Adele, as if she could bear it no longer, dashed down to where old Martin Briolic lived, to ask him to tell her of Ins knowledge how it had all come about ana the remedy. „ .,,r .. i,« ■ " Hold Ma'ame Adele, said Martin, as lie shuffled his greasy cards, and laid them out m triplets 011 the table ; " there is m th s than one sees. One sees onlj a ]K>or little cliild become suddenly sick ; that maj lie, is it not so? and no harm done bvman . Heaven sends sickness to us all. But the little Adolphe has not lieen touched by the Bon Dieu. I see the will ot a wicked woman in this. Hein!" Here lie shuffled the cards, and laid them out with a kind of eager distraction of manner, his withered hands trembling, and his mouth muttering words Adele could not catch. "Saint Joseph mid all the saints protect us he cried, the foreigner—the Englishwoman I Ah, misery . " Speak, Father Martin ! AVliat do you meancried Adele, grasping his arm. 1 ler black eves were wild, her arched nostnls dilated," her lips, thin, sinuous, flexible, were pressed tight over her small squat e teeth. "Tell me in plain words what you would say. " Brourolaqne, vampire said .Martin, in , alow voice. ... „ T ' "It is what I believed . cried Adele. It . is what I knew. Ah. my Adolphe : woe on ; the day when the master brought that tan skinned devil home !' "Those red hps don t come by nothing, Ma'ame Adele," said Martin, nodding his head " Look at them—they glisten with blood 1 I said so from the beginning; and the cards, they said so too. I drew blood and a ' bad fair woman' 011 the evening the master brought her home, and I said to my- , self ' 11a, lia, Martinyou are 011 the trai k, | mv boyand, Ma'ame Adele, I have never left it I Jii'oucolaqut ■' that's what the caius say, Ma'ame Adele. M atch and see : watch and see: and you'll find that the cards have And when we have found, Martin?' said Adele, in a hoarse whisper. The old man shuffled his cards again. "M'hen we have found, Ma'ame Adele: be said slowly. "You know the old pit out there by the forest? the old pit where the lutins run in and out, and where the j White Ladies wring the necks of those who | come upon them in the moonlight: Perhaps , the White Ladies will do as much for the English wife of Monsieur Cabanel ; who knows?" , 1 "They may, said Adele, gloomily. "Couiage, brave woman ; they shall, said ^The'onlv real pretty place alrout Pieuvrot was the cemetery. To lie sure there was the dark gloomy forest, which was grand 111 us own mysterious way; and there was the broad wide plain, where you might wander for a long summer's day; but these were scarcely places where a young woman would care to go by herself ; and for the rest, the little patches of cultivated ground, which th peasants had snatched from the surrounding waste, and where they raised their poor crops, were not verv lovely. So Madame Cabanel, who for all" the soft indolence tliat liad invaded her, had the Englishwoman's love for walking and fresh air, haunted the pretty little graveyard a good deal. She had »o sentiment connected with it. Of all the dead who laid there in their narrow coflins, she knew none and cared for none ; hut she liked to see the flower-lieds, and the wreaths of immortelles, and the like. L he distance, too, from her own home was just enough for her : and the view over the plain to the dark belt of forest and the mountains beyond was fine. The Pieuvrotines, however, did not un derstand this. It was inexplicable to theiu that any one, not out of her mind, should go continually to the cemetery; not on the day of the dead, and not to adorn the grave of one she loved : only to sit there and wander among the tombs, looking out on to the j,lain and the mountains beyond when she was tired. " It was just like The speaker, one Lesouef, had got as far as this, when he stopped for a word. . It was down at La Veuve Pneur s, where the liamlet collected nightly to discuss the day's small doin#, and where the mam theme, ever since she had come among them, had been Madame Cabanel. " Wander about among the tombs just like what, Jean Lesouef?" said Martin Briolic. Then rising, he added, in a low but distinct voice,' every word falling clear and clean, "I will tell you like what, Lesouef— like a vampire! La Femme Cabanel has red lips and red cheeks, and Ma'ame Adele's little nephew is perishing before your eyes. La Femme Cabanel has red lips and ted cheeks, and she sits for lioura among the tombs. Can you read the riddle, my friends ? For me it is as clear as the blessed SI1"'Ha, Father Martin, you have found the word^like a vampire !" said Lesouef with a shudder. " Like a vampire!" they all echoed with a ^^And I said vampire from the first," said Martin Briolic. "Call it to mind ; I said it from the firat." " Faith, and you did," they answered; and ^°Stfnow the seed which Martin and Adele had dropped so sedulously had at last taken root; and the Pieuvrotines would have been ready to accuse of atheism and immorality any one who had doubted their decision, and hsiid declared that pretty Madame Caba nel was >only a young woman with nothing special'"!© do, a naturally fair complexion, superb health, and no vampire at all. The little Adolphe grew paler and paler, thinner and thipnerthe fierce summer suri told ointhe half starved dwellers within those foul mad huts surrounded by undrained marshes ; and Monsieur Jules Cabanel s formerholid health followed the law of the rust. The ^doctor, who lived at Creche-en hois, shook his head at the look of things, and said it aw grave. When Adfcle pressed him to'tell her what was the matter with the child land with monsieur, he evaded the question; or gave her a yord she neither and tb them Fann kus mot ; rrw As for Monsieur Cabanel, he was a man without imagination and without suspicion ; a man to take life easily, and not distress himself too much for the fear of wounding others; a seltish man, but not a cruel one ; a man whose own pleasure was his supreme law, and who could not imagine, still less brook, opposition, or the -want of love and respect for himself. Still he loved his wife as he had never loved woman before. Coarsely-moulded, common-natured as he was, he loved her with what strength and passion of jioetry nature had given him. But the quality of his love was sorely tried when, now Adele, now the doctor, hinted mysteriously, the one at diabolical influences, the other at underhand proceedings of which it behoved him to Ire careful—espe cially careful what he ate and drank, and how it was prepared, and by whom ; Adele adding hints about the pertidiousness of Englishwomen. and the share the devil bad in fair hair and brilliant complexions. Love his young wife as he might, this constant dropping of iiuison was not without some effect. One evening, when Adele, in an agony, was kneeling at his feet—uiadame had gone out for her usual walk—crying. "Whydid you leave me for such as she is?—I. who loved you, who was faithful to you. and she, who walks among the graves, who sucks your Mood .and our child's—she who has only the devil's Tieauty for her jwrtion, and who hu es you not ?"—something seemed suddenly to touch him with electric force. "Miserable fool that I was I" he said, resting his head on Adele's shoulder, weep ing. Her heart leapt with ioy. Was her reign to l»e renewed? Was her rival to be dispossessed ? And might she dare ? From that evening Monsieur Cabanel's manner changed to his young wife, but slie too easy-tenqiered and unsuspicious to notice anything : or if she did, there was too little depth in her own love for him—it was so much a matter of untroubled friendliness only—that she did not fret, but accepted the coldness and bntsqueness that had crept into his manner as good-naturedly as she accented all things. It would have lieen wiser if she had cried, and made a scene, and come to an understanding with Monsieur Cabanel. They would have understood each other better : and most Frenchmen like the excitement of a quarrel and a reconciliation. Naturally kind-hearted, Madame Cabanel went much alsiut the village, offering help to the sick. But 110 one among them all re ceived her civilly, or accepted her aid. If she attempted to touch one of the children, the mother, shuddering, withdrew it hastily to her own arms ; if she sjioke to the adult sick, the wan eyes would look at her with a strange horror, anil the feeble voice would mutter words iiiayxitoi'.- she could not under stand. But always came the same won!, " Broucolaque /" It was the same at home. If she wanted to do any little act of kindness to the child. Adele passionately refused Iter. Once she snatched him rudely from her anus, saying as she did so, " Infamous broucolaque ' before my very eyes!" And once when Fanny was troubled aliout her husband, and projiosed to make liiin a cup of beef-tea a fAn>//abse, the doctor looked at her as if he would have looked her through, and Adele upset the saucepan, saying insolently—but yet hot tears were in her eyes—" Is it not i'ast enough for you, uiadame? Not faster, unless you kill me first !" To all of which Fanny replied nothing; thinking only that the doctor was very rude to stare so fixedly at her, and that Adele was horribly cross; and what an ill-teinpered creature she was, and how unlike an English housekeei>er. But Monsieur Cabanel, when he was told of the little scene, called Fanny to him, and said in a more caressing voice than he had used to her of late : "Thou wouldst not hurt me, little wife ? It was love and kindness, not wrong, that thou wouldst do?" "Wrong? What wrong could I do?'' answered Fanny, opening her blue eyes wide. "What but love should I give to my best and only friend ?" " And I am tby friend then, to thy mind? Thou lovest me. dear ?" said Monsieur Ca banel. "Dear Jules, who is so dear? who so near?" she said, kissing him ; while he said fervently— " God bless thee The next day Monsieur Cabanel, who was a little better, was called away on urgent business; he might lie absent for two days, he said, but he would try to lessen the time; and the young wife was left alone in the midst of her enemies, without even such slight guard as his presence might prove. Adele was out. It was a dark, hot sum mer's night, and the little Adolphe had been more feverish and restless tlian usual all the day. Towards evening he grew worse; and though Jeannette had strict commands not to allow madame to touch him, she grew frightened at the condition of the boy; and when madame came into the small parlour which Adele called her own, to offer her as sistance, Jeannette gladly abandoned a charge that was too heavy for her, and let the lady take him from her arms. Sitting there with the child in her lap, cooing to him a low, soft, nursery song iu English, the paroxysm of his pain seemed to her to piss; and it was as if he slept. But in that paroxysm he had bitten both his lip and tongue, and the blood was now oozing from his mouth. He was a pretty boy, ana his mortal sickness made him at this moment pathetically lovely. Fanny bent her head and kissea the pale still face, and the blood that was on his lips was transferred to heis. While Bhe still bent over him, her woman's heart touched with a mysterious force and prevision of motherhood, Adele, followed by old Martin and some others of the village, ruBhed into the room. " Behold her!" she cried, seizing Fanny by her arm, and forcing her face upward by the chin—"behold her in the act! Friends, look at my child—dead, (lead in her arms, and she with his blood on her lips! Do you want more proofs ? Vampire that she is, can you deny the evidence of your own senses?' "No! no!" roared the crowd hoarsely, "she is a vampire—a creature cursed by Goa, and the enemy of man; away with her to the pit! She must die as she has made others to die!" "What is the meaning of all this?" said Madame Cabanel, rising and facing the crowd with the true courage of an English woman. "What harm have I donetQany of you that you should come about me, jn the absence of my husband, with these angry looks and insolent words?" ■ " What harm hast thou done!" cried old Martin. " Sorceress as thou art, thou hast bewitched our good master, mid, vampire as thou nri, thou .nouiishest thyself on our ,* Have we not proof of that at this blood. , very moment ? Iiook at thy mouth—cursed fyroucolaque; and -here lies thy victim, who accuses thee in his death!" , Fanny Jaughed Scornfully. " I cannot: condescenfl to answer sucb folly," she. said, lifting her head. " Are you men or chil dren ?' "We are men, madame,"said Legros, the miller; "and being men we must protect our weak ones. We have all had our doubts— and who more cause than I, with three little ones taken to heaven before their time 1— and now we are convinced." "Because I have nursed a dying child, and done my ln?st to soothe him !' said Madame Cabanel, with unconscious pathos. " No more words !"' cried Adele. dragging her by the arm she had never let go. "To the pit with her, my friends, if you would not see all your children die as mine has died, as our good Legros's have died !" A kind of shudder shook the crowd, and a groan that sounded in itself a curse burst from them. "To the pit!" " Let the demons take then own !" Quick as thought Adele pinioned the strong white arms : and before the j>oor girl could utter more than one cry Legros had placed his brawny hand over her mouth. Though this destruction of a monster was hot the munler of a human being in his mind, or in the mind of any there, still they did not care to have their nerves disturbed by cries that sounded so human as MadamOahand's. Silent, then, and gloomy, that dreadful rnvf< its way to the forest, earn ing its living load, gagged and helpless as if it had l>een a corpse, among them. Save with Adele and old Martin, it was not so much jiersnnal ani mosity as the instinctive self-defence of fear that animated them. They were execu tioners, not enemies; and the executioners of a more righteous law than that allowed by the national code. But one by one they dropped off, till their numbers were i-educed to six: of whom Legros was one, and Lesoucf, who had lost his only sister, another. The pit was not more than an English mile from the liaison Cabanel. It was a dark and lonesome spot, where not the bravest man of all that assembly would have dared to -go alone after nightfall : but a multitude gives courage, said old Martin Briolic ; and half a dozen stalwart men, led by such a woman as Adele, were not afraid of even lutins or the White Ladies. As suiftlv as they could for the burden they bore, and all in utter silence, the r them carrying rude torches; for the night was black, and the way was not without its natural dangers. Nearer and hearer they came to the fatal lwurn, and heavier grew the weight of their victim. She had long ceased to struggle, and now lay as if dead in the hands of her liearers. But no one spoke of this or of aught else. Not a word was exchanged between them. The way got darker, the distance between tliem and the place of execution shorter; and at last they reached the border of the pit where this fearful monster, this vampire— l»oor innocent Fanny Cabanel—was to be thrown. As they lowered her, the light of their torches fell on her face. "Grand Dieu!" cried Legros, taking off his cap; "she is dead !" " A vampire cannot die," said Adi.de. " It is only an appearance. Ask Father Mar tin." " A vampire cannot die unless the evil spirits take her, or she is buried with a stake thrust through her body," said Martin Briolic sententious]}'. " I don't like the look of it," 6aid Legros; and so said some others. They had taken the bandage from the mouth* of the ]>oor girl, and as she lay in the flickering light, her blue eyes half-open, and her pale face white with the whiteness of death, a little return of human feelingamong them shook them as if the wind had passed over them. Suddenly they heard the sound of horses' hoofs thundering across the plain. They counted two, four, six ; and they were now only four unarmed men, with Martin and Adele to make up the number. Between the vengeance of man, and the power and malice of the wood-demons, their courage faded, and their presence of mind deserted them. Legros rushed frantically into the darkness of the forest, and Lesouef follow-ed him ; the two others lied over the plain, while the horsemen came nearer and nearer. Only Adele and Martin Briolic stood their ground; Adele holding the torch high above her head, to show herself in her swarthy passion and revenge, and the dead lx>dy of her victim, more clearly. She wanted no concealment: she had done her work, and she gloried in it. Then the horse men came plunging to them ; Jules Cabanel the first, followed by the doctor, and four gardes-champetres. "Wretches ! murderers !" was all he said, as he flung himself from his horse, and raised the pale face to his lips. "Master," said Adele, "she deserved to die. She is a vampire, and she has killed our child." "Fool!" cried Jules Cabanel, flinging off her hand. " Oh, my loved wife, thou who did no harm to man or Ireasl, to be murdered now by men who are worse than beasts!" " She was killing thee," said Adele. " Ask monsieur le docteur. What ailed the master, monsieur?" " Do not bring me into this infamy," said the doctor, looking up from the dead. "Whatever ailed monsieur, she ought not to be here! You have made yourself her judge and executioner, Adele, and you must answer for it to the law." " You say this too, master f' said Adele. " I say so too," returned Monsieur Caba nel. "To the law you must answer for the innocent life you have so cruelly taken—you and all tLe fools and murderers you have joined to you." "And there is to lie no vengeance for our child ?' "Would you revenge yourself on God, woman?' said Monsieur Cabanel, sternly. " And our past years of love, master V "Are memories of hate, Adele," said Monsieur Cabanel, as he turned again to the pale face of his dead wife. " Then my place is vacant," said Adele, with a bitter cry. " Ah, my little Adolphe, it is well thou went before!' " Hold, Ma'ame Adfele!" cried Martin. But before a hand could be stretched out, with one bound, one shriek, she had flung herself into the pit wheye she bad hoped to bury Madame Cabanel; and they heard her body strike the water at the bottom with a dull splash, as of something falling from a great distance. . "They can prove nothing against me, Jean," said old Martin to the garde who held him, ' " I neither bandaged her mouth nor canied her on my shoulders. I am the grave-digger of Pieuvrot, and, ma foi, you would aJTdo badly, you poor creatures, when yon die, without me! I shall have the honour of digging madame's grave, never doubt it; and Jean," he whispered, " they may talk as they like, those rich aristos. who■ know;nothing; she is a vampire, and she shall have a stake through her body yet Who knows "better tbanf? If we don't tie her down like this, she'will come out of her grave find suck our blood." "Silence there)" said the g^rde com maiiding the Jit tie escort. " To prison with the assassins, and keep their tongues froin wagging." " To prison with the martyrs and the public benefactors!" retorted old Martin. "80 the wo lid rewards its best." And in this faitli lie li ved and died as a forcat at Toulon : maintaining to the last "that lie had done the world good service by ridding it of a monster. Hut Legros, and also Lesouef, his companions, doubted gravely of the righteousness of that act of theirs 011 that dark summer's night in the forest ; and though they always maintained they should not have i>een punished liecause of their good motives, yet they grew in time to dis believe old Martin Briolic and liis wisdom, and to wash that they had let the law take its own course unhelped hy them—reserving their strength for grinding the hamlet's tlour and mending the hamlet's .sabot*, and leading a good life, according to the teaching of monsieur le cure and the exhortations of their wives. As the French gentleman had proceeded with his story the listeners had increased in manlier, and now, when lie ceased speaking, and looked around him with a little gesture to intimate that he had come to the end of Madame Oahand's sail history, there was, as Mr. llufus 1'. Croffut. remarked, "quite a crowd." "And what's more," said that gentlemen, who seemed to take the foremost place in the company, as if it were a mere matter of course, "that's not only a denied good story of yours, mister, hut it was a denied good idea of yours to stall telling of it. Here we are, dead tixed in this all-tired Doom's Day Camp of ourn, and can't do nothing till day break nohow, and as for sleep, I guess there ain't many of 11s ready for that to-night. S'pose somelKidy follers on, and tells us another story? 1 ain't good at literatoor and that myself, hut J'm death 011 listening, and like a story just as a child likes candy ; so do a lot more here, I dessay. As for talkers, why they ain't in general hard to find, and there must he plenty of good stories knockin' round here somewhere. What d'ye say ?" The suggestion was received with every mark of favour, and it was unanimously resolved that an attempt should he made to wlu'le away the tedium of the night in the manner suggested. But a little difficulty threatened to uiar the project at the very outset. Xobodv seemed inclined to begin. Evcryliody seemed to Ire in Mr. Orotfut's case, ana to lie ready for any amount of listening, but for nothing else. There was an awkward pause, and a dead silence. "What's the matter now?" said Mr. Croffut, with his deep laugh. "All afraid? Wal, I s'jrose I shall have to act president of this meeting, and order somebody to make a start. What do yon say, colonel ?" he added, to the man whom he had introduced to Harry as one of his nurses; "you look as if you'il travelled a hit, and seen a thing a two." "That's true," said the man, a big, broad shouldered Englishman ; " that'strue, though 1 don't think I'm as good at story-telling as I am at sheep-fanning and that. However, if you like, I'll try my liest, and tell you what happened to a neighbour of mine in Aus tralia, when he chanced to meet a famous bushranging rascal they called— JINGLING GEORDIE. " I wonder when John will be back ? Oh, 1 wonder when?" thought Lizzie Armstrong, a pretty, trim, north-country lass, asshestood by the open window of the Australian farm house, round which clustered a large-leaved creeper with great yellow flowers ; " he is so hold and daring, that I know if the blacks or bushrangers tried to carry off any of father's sheep, John would fight for them, though there were a hundred against him. But there, how foolish I am, there's 110 danger about here." Lizzie was busy ironing, and as she thought of her lover's danger she put down her iron 011 its stand, sat down with one hand 011 the pile of snowy-white linen, and thought over John's last words liefore he started for the sheep- run, thirty miles off. Not a syllable, not a tone of the voice liad escaped lier, for were not the words and music of them printed 011 her heart: " Lizzie, darling, I have served your father well and faithfully these seven years now, and when I return I mean to ask him for you. I think he likes me, and though he is a hard, stern man, and des pises my education, and my 'high- faluting Oxford talk,' as lie calls it, I do not think lie will refuse, for lie knows I love you dearlv, and he knows you love me." There had been a kiss between several of these words, and those kisses, too, Lizzie had not for gotten. Presently she rose, looked out at the great sun sinking fast in a fiery ocean of cloud, leant her cheek 011 her hand, and still thought of John. All at once the face of a brown-bearded man pushed through the leaves, and its lips Hew to hers. Yes, it was John himself: She gave a little startled scream, then the two lovers stood face to face at the window, and he held her hands. There were many inarticulate words expressive of joy anil delight. "Why, John, this is the very spot where we parted." Do you think I forget it, Lizzie ?" " Nine weeks ago ; oh, such long weeks, John, they have lieen. But what lias brought you back, dear, so soon? Nothing laid I hoiie." The young bailiff's face fell. "Yes, bad, Lizzie — very bad. Bob Wilson is losing sheep 011 his run every other day, and we can find no tracks of them. There are 110 blackfellows near there, and a bushranger hasn't, as you know, been seen in tills part of the colony for three years. We have had no floods. It baffles me, and I've come hack, at Bob's request, to try and smooth matters for him, and to ask whether we shall not change our runs, andsee if that betters it. One more kiss, Lizzie, then I'll go and put up my horse and come in and lay the whole affair before your father." The one kiss grew into several. /' I thought I heard talking in the parlour Lizzie, as I came round ; who is with your father V Ir",.Why ifc'8 t,mt horrid Mr. Travers from Melbourne. He came yesterday after some wool. Churton's face darkened. " He has come after you, Lizzie. I hate that fellow. Let him look out. Good-bye, deareBt, I shall feed the horse and be in directly." The moment after he left, a little bright eyed $irl of twelve ran in and caught hold of 8 apron. It was Lizzie's youuger sister, Kitty, . " , Lizzie, saidshe, "father and Mr. Travers have been talking about you. Mr. Tmvera wants to marry you, and he says he's vetv • re drinking the champagne he brouglff; like anything. Oh, he's such a beautiful singer, Lieze, and he's brought you such a beautiful blue silk gown." . ' I don't want his gown," said Lizzie, iron ing vfaously, wishing it was over Mr. Traversa face. Lizzie, my lass," shouted north-country voice, from the uev't arsc» bung us in my silver tankard a,,,im°m. and sec the beautiful gown Mr 'P. ,, ' ?ne brought thee." ' ,U(iig kag "If lie dares to leave it I'll . pieces, said Lizzie, her eyes kindlier H> went to a cupboard and brought tankard, a prize long ago at an . "'e show at Carlisle. When slie entered^1 parlour she found her father and tl,» a\tlle able sleek, vulgar, false-lookim- Mr T?etest seated at a rough table, on which RV„ '^Ve''s. empty champagne bott es. Bo h Hushed, and Mr. Travere had onV Wt?,°ke(1 carelessly over the arm of the clnii-.... i?11 he sat. He at once unhooked hinJeif rose with vulgar politeness to haiul .ic"? for Lizzie, an act of politeness which i!rJ father greeted with a saturnine smile r " Only hear the news, Lizzie 1-iro \r . Travel's has brought. The Melbourne 4*1 r says that Jingling Ueordie, the fanmus busf ranger, has threatened to cross over tn part because our police had said °Ur shouldn't put up so easy with his wavsn® Is ew South M ales police have done iu 'le a hsh yen (supple one), hut he'll no' hiw8' our side ong. We're not the lads to be Si up like those soft cakes over t'other w™ ^ bet ye he'll repent before lie's ridden, maii miles, and just hike hack." many " Pray take my chair, my dear Miss w strong, sard Travere, with a nuunipi r' considered of the first elegance. But the invitation appeared to have u« charms for Lizzie. c no> "Mappen lass, thou'dsv like to seetha present Mr. 1 ravers has brought the!/' ti teiposed her father, with as insinuating a tone as lie could assume. b d " I must first see>to the pigs, father, , feed the chickens," said Lizzie, with a 2 of her head that did not augur w»|i f! Mr. Travel's hopes, and off sJieran °r "Ah they're kittle cattle, the'lasses" said old Armstrong, as the door slammed behind her. "You must get quietly near them or they're off like aliurt jreuiwe-; they're shy birds, and there's no rule fw. tiatmiw em. U miimg a woman is for all the wo,'],) like catching a colt; you shake the oats and just as you think you've got. the bridle all hut on away she goes, with a kick of her heels, and you've got to begin again, lint whos that (There was a knock at the door.) Come in, man, come in. Whv it'« John. Hoo is't, John ?" John entered with a glower at Travels ami a warm greeting to the old farmer we'er"d h0° Ure thC Ship (shec',) ? .HL going " Not so well as I could wish, Mr. w strong. Robert Wilson has lost twenty in a fortnight, and how they're gone we can't either of us even guess." The fanner's face seemed to contract and his mouth quivered. "Mebbe," he 'said with his teeth closed, "you and he have lieen kangaroo hunting, when vou, ought to have been minding them. You mind what the Sen,iter says about the hireling that loved not his ship because he was.a hireling* That's the way all my profits go* You've left them and been idling and hunting, or some mischief or the other; but HI stoy.it out of your wages, man, never fear." 11 John's brows knit, and his lipseompressed \ou know no one hut you, i£r. Armstrong i dare call me an idler. We liave not been, hunting at all• we have kept as close to our work as if we had been slaves." ' I^Hbe, then," said the oldi man, scorn fully, some blackfellars have taken them from under your noses, and vou. hadn't the mettle to try and save them. When I first came out and began to serve. 1 had to fight for my master's ship. Look here." Armstrong tore open his waistcoat, and showed two broad scars where black men's sjiears had pierced his chest. '' But you lads are nowt, now. Ye're all for lying about smoking, and making a fortune sooner than, in my time we could earn enough to buy a damper: but why do you come back now ? lou've come here, I 'spect, only to get a w.°. with my darter, wlio, I can tell you plainly, is for a richer man than you." Travere lolled back in his cliair, and sipped b's champagne with infinite complacency. Already he felt liimself the soil-in Jaw of the rich colonist. John did not condescend to notice this man's impertinence, but lie turned oil Arm strong. "Mr. Armstrong," he said, " I have served you faithfully for seven years, and during that time, except by Hood.and mur rain, you know you haven't lost ten sheep. I have not fought for you, because there has been no one to fight; hut when the time came, I daresay I should show lietter pluck than this pen-driver here." "1 won't have you sneaking away from work," said Armstrong, " and trying to wheedle away my darter. She is only fit for a rich man, who can make a lady of her, and you're wasting your time to think of her: and mark ye this, and mark it weel, Mr. John Ohurton, I'll not stand much more of your stuck-up ways and gentlefolks' airs. I'm a plain man, niysel', a Coomberland farmer's son, and 1 want men who'll work, and keep my ship together, and earn their wages. Ifyou don't tliink- my pay enough, and the bush is too warm for your delicate skin, you can go when, you like. I our quarter's up next week, audi you have your remedy. IU staud none of your fine i gentleman's aire. They may do in Lunnuu, I though they don't stand much for you there;. hut they won't do at Giilsbuid." , j " Very well, sir," said John, whose hand was ahead on the door-handle. " You have I said it, and so it shall be; but remember; l that 1 came back here only from a sense of duty. If I had been perishing in the bush, | and the sheep had been in danger^ I wouldn L have come back here, even to put my dying: hand in Lizzie's." I "I was once foolish enough to say some thing about you and Lizzie when the wool had sold well a year ago ; but now I unsay it. Here is her future husband. You can go. John kept a firm look on tlie old man,, though his face was pale, too. ., "I come for my wages to-morrow," sard Churton, " and start for Melbourne by trie drays in the morning. There's the revolver your have lent me; your rifle is in the kitchen." "Go, and be hanged. I'll have no mom fine gentlemen here." ... "God bless you—ta ta,"said Travers, with his champagne to his lips. As Churton'opened the door Lizzie Arm strong rushed into his arms, and hid her tear ful face upon his shoulder. : - "Oh, that's it, is it?" said fG'instrongi bursting into rase. Let go my daughter, you sir, and don't darken my doors more tnai ■ once more, when you come for the wages you haven't earned." - ^ f w. One' passionate kiss, and CJnirtori re leased Lizzie, and slammed the door hewn him. ,'G "And weel shut o' him," said the ow ■ farmer. "Go to your room, Lizzie..*• ■ have no blubbering here for a atook-wpjP gentlefaan. And now then, , dnnk to my toast—* Bonny aula; berland, its lads tyud lasseB/ and if t&tir; fii„s John Peel, let's have it for it stirs my blood as weel as one of the auld Border S°Au^iiorir later, and just before the place «is bolted up for the night, there came -i tremendous blow, at the front door, us if with the butt- end of a heavy whip or that sneaking fellow John come to beg my pardon, I suppose," said old Arm strong. " I thought he had more spirit." It was getting dark, and snatching up a great tiaring tallow candle, he threw open the It' was not John. It was a short, thick set bearded man, mounted on a strong black horse, spotted with foam, its eyes blood-shot, and its mouth in a thick lather. The rider wore a deep-brimmed wide-awake, and a digger's stained red shirt, over which streamed four or five heavy cables of gold -chain. He had a short double-barrelled riHe slung at his back, and a six-shooter stuck on Neither side of the digger's belt. His long boots were splashed with mud. He was a tard, ill-favoured man, with a thick, matted, black beard, small, quick eyes, thin, pale lips, and prominent, cruel-looking cheek bones. He swung himself lightly from his borne, and stood with one hand on his horse's tangled uiane. " You've maybe heard of Jingling Geordic, the bushranger," said the man, in a hoarse, harsh voice; "has he been here lately ?" "I've not seen owt of the rascal," said Armstrong. "You're one of the police, mebbe, and are after him ? You'll doubtless ■want a night's rest ? Walk in." "And take some fizz with us, like a jolly good fellow," Jiiccupied Travels. " So you've never seen Geordie ?" asked the man again, with a dry laugh, as he tied up his horse. " What is he like ?" "Why, to tell the truth, he's the very image of me," said the man, pulling out a revolver as quick as lightning, and cocking it., " for I am him, and he's me, and we're partners for life. Now I mean to stick you MP; so iip with you." The old IE an suddenly, Travers pale and trembling, instantly threw up their arms in the approved Australian manner, and backed into the parlour as the bushranger pushed them before him into the room, first lot-king ■the front door, and turning the key after him. "Now, gentlemen, ne saia mrowing min •self insolently iuto a chair, and tossing oft' Travel's' full glass, " I don't want money, for I've stuck up three parties to-day, and I've as much as I can carry ; but what I do want is some grub and lush, a night's shakedown, .and a certain good mare I've heard of. Call the whole crew " " If you've got a pistol on you, fire at him, -whiskered the old man to Travels, as they .stood with their arms up. "Come, no whispering," said Geordie, "or I shall have to put a bullet through one of you, and I've blood enough on my hands alieady. Do as I tell you, old man ; quick, and pipe all bands—I want to give them a short sermon. Never mind my horse, he's good formotlttiig; he can go to the devil his own away." Armstrong did as he was bid, and called Lizzie. Kitty had already heard the alarm, .and hidden herself in a wood cuplioard in the kitchen: Lizzie came down stairs pale and crying; she just gave one scream when :she saw the lough man, whom she guessed at once to be after no. good; then, like a brave girl, collected herself for the worst. " So this is the whole lot, all told. So far so good. You needn't he afraid; my pretty lass. I won't hurt you," said the bushranger. "Come, old man, what shooting-irons have you about you ? It is always as well in these -cases to he careful." As he said this the man began to rummage Armstrong's pockets with all the practised care of a custom-house searcher. " I tell you I don't carry any." " But don't you wish you did ?" said the fellow, with an odious sardonic grin. " Yes, I see that 'by the red in your eyes, and the white of yotr lips. You keep your temper, •old man. I won't touch your shiners. I've got enough of my own. And don't you be frightened, miss; I'm not going to hurt the old father, though he does look mischief. As for that counter-jumper, I won't search him, for I can see he hasn't the pluck to use a pistol, e-ven if he had one." Lizzie shuddered as she saw the wretch's rough haud6 laid upon her father, a man of such rough temper and such uncontrollable passionB, and every moment she expected to see a blow struck, and to hear the return shot that would stretch her father dead at her feet. ""Oh, that John were here," she thought, and the next moment she trembled to tlnnk what might have happened had her lover flown at the ruffian, as he would surely have done. 'Come, now," said Geordie, "one of you, t a " g0 round. and bolt all the doors, l oou t want any of the neighbours to know » wnos here; and we'll have it all snug to ■ourselves. Come, I say, one of you, d'ye near, and 110 nonsense, for I'm rough and ready, as you'll pretty soon find, if my blood powde?'" ^ere are 'he guns and Wf'1 ' suf,P°se we must e'en make the ot a "aa, bargain," said Armstrong. 1an4 we'N shot the doors first. vim u' i '"JGentleman will want some supper; wp J?? * ? ')a°k door, and see to it, while bpvf 3>s and collect the guns. He is »,u', if ?*e at 'ds mercy, and we must just hml lnBB M f,leasa»t as we can. He Si eUenouga -1 would kick if I could, to ovtri,'o3^u 60j16 118 upstairs, and help and a,i y°u Lizzie, cook some steaks Set some toast ready." wo», a very pale face, said he i 'evident where he was. He was <leoK,®veWe with fear. All at once ' -drew s imm °old keen eyes upon hiin, "(W'?LVer' ifc tows head. t'Ee5en BttLktoinnd^Md kitchei^^^ l»ft aUmein the door. andcalhid^Sfi'Jf? wood cupboard Sue had: CRt' on the aSh?en) ^ere ver® ie cWkf i£ud ohws® Im 7:Wv8BQ. CnA mhhnp "I was only talking to the cat," said Lizzie, stooping down and stroking a cat that sat gravely and sleepily on a kangaroo skin that served as hearth-rug. The bushranger stepped to the window, and looked out, but there was no one to be seen. "You look alive, my girl, with the supper, and don't turn sulky, it ain't 110 use," he said, roughly. " I have been riding since daybreak. Lots of buttered cakes, mind. You are good a t those things, you north-country folks, and I'll liave some tea. Look alive, now, and after tea you shall give us a tune on the pianner, and we'll make a snug little party— and you leave all the doors open, so as I can hear everything." " Get the supper soon, Lizzie," said her father. "We must just make the best of things, lass." The moment the steak was cooked, and while Jingling Geordie was intent 011 rave nously devouringit, his revolver by his side on the table and the fire- arms of the houBe stacked safely in a corner behind the sofa on which he sat. Lizzie ran back to the kitchen, opened the cupboard door, and called in a low voice to Kitty. " Kitty," she said, "you must drop out of the window here, and go in search of John. If he is not at Jerry Lot's he'll be at the wood-shed out beyond the last clearing by the Gelt Creek. You'll know your way when the moon rises. Tell him we're in danger here, but he must not come near the place to-night, or the wretch will murder us all. It is Jingling Geordie, the bushranger, for whom Government has offered two hundred pounds, dead or alive. John must watch this window, and if there is awful need for him I will hang out a white handkerchief; mind, if I do not do that he must not come near us. Will you remember all tliis, Kitty?" "Yes, Lizzie, I am ready. Whatever happens I'll do whatever you tell me." Softly, 011 tip-toe, the two sisters crept to the'window, first softly closing the door; the little girl was then quickly lowered by Lizzie. She had scarcely descended before Geordie entered, pistol in hand. " Why do you shut that door," he said, " when I told you not ? You take care, young woman, or I shall get rough. I don't half like your looks. Come into the parlour, d'ye hear; 110 nonsense with me." Again he looked out of the window, hut Kitty had cowered down under shelter; he shut it, and closed and bolted the shutters. " If I thought you was carrying on any tricks, I'd shoot you like a dog. Come, lass," he said, as he threw himself on the sofa, and mixed a glass of brandy-and-water, "you play us a tunc—you look like one of the musical sort. Play ' Let Me Kiss Him for His Mother,'or the'Mocking Bird.' I used to sing them, when I was a lad, to my young woman. Ah, she little thought I should ever l>e a lag out here, 110 more oared for than a dead dog 011 a dung-liill." "Take some more brandy, messmate," said old Armstrong with an almost imper ceptible glance at Travel's, who was smoking with the most rueful face possible, and cast ing constant and frightened glances at the pistol. Geordie leaped up, snatched the lwttle from Armstrong's hand, and dashed it on the fioor. " You try' that 011 again," he said; " you get your fingers once more as close as that to my six-shooter, and I'll fire a barrel straight into both of you. Don't fancy, old buffer, you'll catch a weasel like me asleep. I want no more of your drink. If I'd often drunk, I should have been at the wrong end of a rope long ago. Come, to business. Have you got any good liorses, old man ?" " Not one ; only rough horses for hauling timber." "That's a lie," said Geordie, beating his fist on the table. " Keep on playing, lass— something sentimental, mind. That's a big lie; you've forgotten Fan, the fastest chest nut mare this side of Melbourne. Well, hear me now. I want her early to-morrow, and her I'll have whatever 1 do for it," and he gripped his pistols. " I see you've heard of my mare," 6aid Arm strong, with a sigh, " hut she's too slight for your work—she's almost a nicer, and nearly thoroughbred." " I always ride racers when I can get them. Play on, lass ; play us ' I am Leaving Thee in Sorrow, Annie'—that's a good song, that is. My sister Nelly used to sing that. Your girl plays well, old man. Mind, the first thing to- morrow you drive the horses into the yard, and I'll see if there's anything better than the mare." " You must take what you like ; we are at your mercy," said Armstrong. " And as for you," said Geordie to Travers, who was too frightened to sneak, " you haven't a word to throw to a dog. Come, drink a tumbler of that brandy, or, by the Lord, I'll force it down your throat. I dare say you'd have been a lag yourself before now, if you'd only had the courage." Every now and then Lizzie took a fright ened hut steady look at the man, to see if fatigue was overcoming him, determining, upon the instant he fell asleep, to hang out the signal in the moonshine. The deserted hut to which John would have gone was a mile off along the road. Kitty would have reached there by this time. A quarter of an hour more, and John would be M atching the window. But nothing could disarm the mau's suspicious, though from time to time he grew jovial, and struck in with a rough chorus to the popular tunes Lizzie played with affected readiness. " Whenever you like to go to your room, mister, it is ready," said Armstrong. "Thank you, can'en," he said, stretching hiB dirty boots on the neat Bofa; " you may go when you like, this'll do for me. I always sleep, mind, with one eve open, and aU my friends ready round me.' As he said this lie put a six- shooter by him, on the table, with tialf a dozen cartridges, and placed a second under the sofa cushion. "Thanks, my darling, for your music, on't be afraid of rue. We old hands don't Don't often get a treat in the bush like that. Take my advice; don't you go and marry that dandy counter-jumper there; he hasn't thp pluck of a mouse. Leave all your doors open, and we shall all do very well. Be off with ye. Breakfast at 5, please, and if you don't wake Til start yer. " If John had been here, and I hadn't been so harsh towards him," said Armstrong to hikdaughter, as they parted for the night, "thmgs ;might have gone different. As for AhgtieuoW Travers, he's the greatest skunk iftjbt ever*crawled, and he shouldn't have you jjnow if he was the only man left in the world. Ah; if we could only , have drugged that ^soal's»t!" #fe!'Nd more talking up there," shouted a <lel«8ivmpe from the parlour. "Go to bed. You'vfyfept to turn out early." \VbatA night of agony Lizzie spent, lying awake ift the moonlight that streamed over her bedj and listening to every sound I Once, when all was still, she almost resolved steal down, bare-footed, to the kitchen, and Jistenjat the window if she could hear John. Then a dreadful thought seized her that he might have ridden far away, and never met Kitty at ail. She might never see him again. He was proud and high-spirited, and would never brook air insult. Then, as sire sat up and listened, she heard some night bird call, and the man below rose, strode to the i kitchen, opened the window, and looked out! Suppose he saw John, and fired at him ! It seemed endless, that night of miserable, anxious watching. But she was not forsaken! All that night John, whom Kitty had found lighting a fire in the desolate hut preparatory to starting early in the morning, was watch ing the house from a clump of trees some two hundred yards off. Sometimes he re solved, unarmed—for he had no revolver— to go up boldly, knock at the door," and, when the man came, to at once grapple with him. Then the certainty of this scheme being fruitless made him roll in anguish on the grass. All at once a sudden thought seized him. He remembered that Wilson, when they both started for the bush, had hidden away an old duck-gun in the roof of the hut they used to occupy. He scarcely knew what use the gun could be against a man like Jingling Geordie, triply armed, and ready for murder; but in the dim light, for the moon was now setting, he went back and searched and searched in vain. Then he lay down and slept, and at the first streak of light he rose, and, with feverish eager ness, searched again in every nook of the roof. All at once, at the gable end, his hand touched a long packet. It was a gun wrapped in oil-cloth. He had powder left, but no bullets. If even flames broke out of the roof, or Lizzie's signal appeared waving at the first light, he was powerless still.to strike a blow in her defence. Again he went out, threw himself down just inside a cjump of stringy-bark trees, and watched as intently as a deer-stalker who knows the moment that a shot is near. As lie watched a figure came through the dim light slowly towards him. It was ail old stableman of Armstrong's, riding along with a melancholy air. As he passed the wood John called out to him. "Where are you going to ?" " What, is that you, Mr. John ? I heard you was back. Why, going on a bad errand. Going to get the horses for that rascal to choose from—a bushranger that got in last night. Mr. Armstrong was round forme with him before daybreak. He is going to take our chesnut mare." "Have you got any bullets, Ned?" said John, in a quick dry voice. " I may want one or two." " I don't think I have one," said the man, searching both his pockets in vain. " Yes, I have," lie cried out, with a sudden burst of delight; "yes, I have got three here, and a pinch of powder, but, Lor' a mussy, don't venture your luck against a born devil like that, who's murdered a dozen men. A bullet is 110 use for an old rusty fowling-piece like that; and if he even sees you lurking about near the horses he'll kill you before you can throw up your hands." " We shall see," was Churton's answer, and the words hissed through his clenched teeth. " This isn't true that I hear about your going, Mr. Churton? What, leave Miss Lizzie, and you so fond of each other." "It is 110 time to talk of that, Ned then he grasped the man's shoulder so that he winced. " How did Mr. Arm strong seem when he came to you this morn ing ?" " He seemed sulky about Jingling Geordie. But he knew very well that if lie kicked at anything, there was a bullet ready forhim." " He is not a man to have borne much. And the man himself—Geordie ?" " He was devil-may-care enough—like a fellow who liad got the game in his own hands. I heard him telling Muster Armstrong that he had been living on his sheep at Bun yong Creek." "Bunyong Creek? Then it was he," said Churton, hammering down savagely a bullet which he had been biting into shape. " Oh, I'll speak to him ! When will they be here ?" " In about ten minuteB; but for God's sake don't provoke Jingling Geordie, or threaten him. I heard liiui boast of the murders he has committed, more than he could count on his ten fingers; he has two six-shooters in his belt, and he'll kill you with 110 more heed than if you were a rat. Take my advice, and let him alone." " The God who sent David with a slingand a stone against the giant will help me. -It is 110 use talking to me." "A wilful man must have his way," said the old man; "but mind, I warned you. I shall never see you alive again, Mr. Chur ton; you might just as well put your hand in a lion's mouth as threaten that man." " It is Lizzie's favourite mare," said Chun ton; "and he shan't have her till he has walked over my body." With hands uplifted in mute protestation, the man rode off to drive ill the horses, and left Churton there, still driving' at the refrac tory bullet, which had stuck in the gun, and would not go down close upon the powder. If the bullet could not be forced down, lie would have to meet the man, he was de termined to confront, helpless. Besides, was it not cowardly to lurk there, even for a murderer? Again, if he stepped forward and met Geordie, perhaps, suspecting treachery, the rascal's first act would be to shoot down Lizzie's father. Tom to pieces by these con flicting feelings, John's mind finally settled down to a determination to join the old stableman, leave his gun behind, take his place in driving in the horses, and once in the paddock, to get as near as possible to the bushranger, and act as circumstances re quired. But Churton wavered too long. At that very moment, as he lay down behind a huge trunk of a gum tree, not 60 yards from the paddock into wliicli the horses just then raced, hurried by the stableman's shouts, Jingling Geordie and Mr. Armstrong came down a field-path from the house. They walked side by side; Geordie was talkative and triumphant, Mr. Armstrong silent and gloomy, like a prisoner in custody. " I hear this mare of yours is a clipper ; but I shall see what metal she has in her before half an hour's over." " I tell you the truth, man, Itts hard to !>art with her. My girl, Lizzie, is fond of ler, and she is fond of Lizzie, and I allow I'd sooner you'd take all the paddockful than her." . ^ " Come, I think you have got off pretty tidy," said the black-bearded fellow, witn malice in his small, lialf-closed eyes, as he swung his six-shooter nearer to his hand and surveyed the path before him with a caution and suspicion evidently habitual. " I've takeu none of your shiners. I've not hurt anything, and now you grudge me tbis mare. That's hardly grateful of you, old man. At some houses I've lodged at I can tell you I've come away with rather fuller pockets. Suppose, now, I'd carried off your daughter ?" The old north-countryman's brow dark ened. "And do you think I'd have let her go without a struggle ?" "Struggle, Look at these aiguments of mine," and Geordie laughed a wicked laugh, and tapped the two six-shooters in his belt. "Much good your struggling would have been. I know where your brains would have been by this time. Now, look here, do you know what this ugly head of mine is worth t" and Geordie took off his wide-awake, and shook his coarse fell of black matted hair with a certain vulgar pride. Armstrong said, " I know there is a re ward offered for you." "Two hundred pounds; more than's been offered for any one since my old comrade Morgan. It is worth having. Try and earn it. Here, I'll give you a revolver. Have a crack at me ; but mind I shall tire first, old pal." At that momont Armstrong caught a glimpse of a gun-barrel pointed dead at Geordie, and seeing it he drew back, to let the man, whoever it might be in ambuscade, get a clear shot. Geordie did not see the barrel glitter, but he observed Armstrong fall back a step, and quick as lightning he put his hand to his belt and drew his revolver. A second, and the old man would have been killed ; but before Geordie could cock the six shooter, there was a crack, a thin gush of fire, ana, as he turned, a heavy bullet struck him full in the lower part of the chest. He threw up his arms, uttered half a curse, and fell dead upon his face. Almost before the body could touch the ground, Churton had risen from behind the tree, and with clubbed gun, ran like a deer to where the coipse lay. He knelt, tore open Geordie's shirt; and felt his heart—it had ceased to beat. He snatched the revolver from the ruffian's stiffening hand, and rose and stood before Armstrong. "He is dead," he said. "I was loth to kill him that way, but when I saw the villain put his had to his belt, I knew he meant murder, and the odds were too much against you for me to spare him." "You've saved my life, John Churton," said Armstrong, " and I thank you. I dare say you only value me for Lizzie's sake, and I don't know that I deserve more of you, for 1 was rough and ungrateful last night, and I forgot what I owed you for good service." " I never felt such a terrible moment," said Churton, "as that was when I took aim at the wretch that lies here ; for I knew if I missed it was sudden death for you, and I didn't know how this old shot-gun would carry a bullet; but it went straight, and the men this wretch murdered are at last avenged. Still, somehow, I wish it had been a fair up-and-down tight, when lie was stealing your sheep." "Tut, man, there is nothing to regret," said the old fanner, grasping Churton's hand warmly; " the two hundred pounds reward will help to buy some sheep to start you and Lizzie." "I'll not touch a penny of the blood money. I killed him to save Lizzie's father." "Well, you were always a queer lad. Let who will have it, Lizzie is yours." John Churton pressed his hand. Then he said: "It was a lucky shot, but I'd rather have struck him down in fair fight, bad as he was ; and after all, but for brave little Kitty, I might have been in the hut by the old clearing, and never have known till I was fifty miles away that you had been all murdered." " John Churton, you're a brave fellow, and you deserve my daughter," said Arm strong, "and you shall have this old place when my time comes." Need I describe the meeting of Lizzie and John ? Never was happiness so sudden, so complete, so deserved. A brave man and a brave girl had long since exchanged hearts, and if ever there was aii hour of perfect hap piness in this nicked world it was that first hour of their re-meeting. As for Travers, he sat silent, cowed, and despised. The next morning Armstrong, going out very early to the shed where the body lay awaiting the inquest and the gathering of the jury from far-off stations, found a man with. his hack towards liim, kneeling over the body, and busy in removing the beard t for a trophy to show at Melbourne. Armstrong indignantly pushed the man over the body. It was Travers. ! "I see what you want," said the old farmer, "to go off with that and tell lies about it at the bar-rooms at Melbourne. A cur like you, too! Get up, saddle your horse, and be oft"; my daughter is only fit for a brave maq^ I'll send out your break fnct", fn vnii w1ipiiv aii linrcoliool' Wo fast to you when you're on horseback. Be off, quick—d'ye hear. You can tell lies enough without wanting a proof." So Travers slunk away. " Thank you, sir-r-r," said the president. " Any way, that story just settles one p'int, and proves what a good thing it is never to stir without . your sliootiii'-irons. If your friend had followed our fashion this side, and always carried his six-shooter around with him, he'd have held a stronger suit than an old played-out duck-gun. Who's next? A lady this time. What do you say, ma'am ?" lie continued, to the quiet German woman with the strange sad yearning look in her large eyes, who sat on Harry Middleton's other side, gently arranging the bandages on his wounded aim. "Sorry I don't know your name, so as to speak driller, but p'raps you've got a story you can tell us ?" "They call me Sister Johanna," she said, in a composed voice, which had a touch of melancholy and something of weariness in its tone. "My sfory, such as it is, is but a sad one ; hut it hill be a relief to me to put into words what is for ever passing through my brain, and if you wish it, I will gladly speak." Then, after bringing her kindly duties to her patient to an end, she began to speak, at first with some hesitation, but presently with a curious earnestness, very different to the ordinary composure of her manner. And this was— SISTER JOHANNA'S STORY. If you have ever heard of the Grodner Thai, then you will also have heard of the village of St. Ulrich, of which I, Johanna Karieier, am a native, and in which I lived all my life until I crossed the ocean. And if, as is more likely, you have never heard of either, then still, though without knowing it, many of you have, even from your earliest childhood, been familiar with the work bv which, for many generations; we have Uvea and prospered. Your rocking-horse, your Noams ark, your firstj doll, came from St. Ulrich—for the Grodner Thai is the children's paradise,' and suppUes the Uttle ones of all Europe with toys. In every house through out the village—I might almost say in every house throughout the vaUey—you wiU find wood-carving, painting, or gilding perpetually going on; except only in the haymaking and harvest time, when all the world goes up to the hills to mow and reap, and breathe the mountain air. Nor do our carvers carve only grotesque toys. All the crucifixes that you see by the wayBide, aU the carved stalls and tabernacleB, aU the painted and gilded saints decorating screens and hide altars in our,Tyrolean churches, are the Work of their hands. After what I have said, you wiU no doubt have guessed that ours was a family of wood carvers. My father, who died when my sister and I were quite little children, was a wood carver. My mother was also a wood-carver, as were her mother and grandmother before her; and Katrine and I were of course brought up by her to the same calling. But, as it was necessary that one should look after the home duties, and as Katrine was always more delicate than myself, I gradually catne to work less and less at the business, till at last, what with cooking, washing, mending, making, spinning, gardening, and so forth, I almost left it off altogether. Nor did Katrine work very hard at it, either; for, being so delicate, and so pretty, and so much younger than m3*self, she came, of course, to be a good deal spoiled, and to have her own way in everything. Besides, she grew tired, naturally, of cutting nothing but cocks, hens, dogs, cats, cowb, and goats; which were all our mother had been taught to make, and, consequently, all she could teach to her children. "If I could carve saints and angels, like Ulrich, next door," Katrine used sometimes to say ; " or if I might invent new beasts out of my own head, or if I might cut caricature nutcrackers of the Herr Purger and Don Wian, I shouldn't care if I worked hard all day; but I hate the cocks and hens, and I hate the dogs and cats, and I hate all the birds and beasts that ever went into the ark —and I only wish they had all been drowned in the Deluge, and not one left for a pat tern !" And then she would fling her tools away, and dance about the room like a wild crea ture, and mimic the Herr Purger, who was the great wholesale buyer of all our St. Ulrich ware, till even our mother, grave and sober woman as she was, could not help laughing till the tears ran down her cheeks. Now the Ulrich next door, of whom our little Katrine used to speak, was the elder of two brothers named Finazzer, and he lived in the house adjoining our own; for at St. Ulrich, as 111 some of the neighbouring villages, one frequently sees two houses built together under one roof, with gardens and orchards surrounded by a common fence. Such a house was the Finazzers' and ours; or I should rather say both houses were theirs, for they were our landlords, and we rented our cottage from them by the year. Ulrich, named after the patron saint of our village, was a tall, brown, stalwart man, very grave, very reserved, very religious, ami the finest wood- sculptor in all the Grodner Thai. No madonnas, 110 angels could com pare with liis for heavenly grace and tenderness: and for his Christs, a great foreign critic, who came to St. Uhich some ten or twelve years ago, said that no other modem artist with whose works he was ac quainted could treat that subject with any thing like the same dignity and pathos. But then, perhaps, no other modem artist went to his work in the same spirit, or threw into it not only the whole force of a very noble and upright character, but all the loftiest aspirations of a profoundly religious nature. Hjs younger brother, Alois, was a painter -fair-haired. light-hearted, pleasure-loving: as unlike Ulrich, both in appearance and disposition, as it is possible to conceive. At the time of which I am telling you, he wasW student in Venice, and had already bee'n\ three years away from home. I usedio 1 dream dreams, and weave foolish romai&es; about Alois and my little Katrine, pictunmig to myself how he would some day come Iionte, in the flush, perhaps, of his first success, ahd finding her so beautiful and a woman grown, fall in love with her at first sight, and she with him; and the thought of this possibility became at last such a happy certainty in my mind, that when things began to work round in quite the other way, I could not bring myself .to believe it. Yet so it was, and, much as I loved my darling, and quick sighted as I had always been in everything that could possibly concern liet there was not a gossip in St. Ulrich who did not see what was coming before I even suspected it. When, therefore, my little Katrine came to me one evening in the orchard, and told me, half laughing, half crying, that Ulrich Finazzer had that day asked her to be his wife, I was utterly taken by surprise. " I never dreamed that he would think of me, deai," she said, with her head upon my bosom. " He is 60 much too good and too clever for such a foolish birdie as poor little Katrine." " But—but my birdie loves him ?" I said, kissing her bright hair. She half lifted her head, half laughed through her tears, and said with some hesi tation : "Oh, yes, I love him. I—I think I love him—and then I am quite sure he loves me, and that is more than enough." " But, Katrine " She kissed me, to stop the words upon my lips. " But you know* quite well, dear, that I never could love any lover half as much as I love you; and he knows, it, too, for I told him so just now, and now pleasfe don't look grave, for I want to be very happy to-night, and I can't bear it." And I also wanted her to be very happy, so I said all the loving things I could think of, and when we went in to supper we found Ulrich Finazzer waiting for us. "Dear Johanna," he said, taking me by both hands, " you are are to be my sister now." And then he kissed me on the forehead. The words were few; but he had never spoken to me or looked at me so kindly before, and somehow my heart seemed to come into my throat, and I could not answer a w*ord. It was now* the early summer time, and they were to be married in the autumn. Ulncli, meanwhile, had his hands full of work, as usual, and there was, besides, one important task w*hich he wanted to com plete before his w*edding. This task was a Christ, larger than life, which he designed as a gut to our parish church, then under going complete restoration. The committee of management had invited him, in the first instance, to undertake the work as an order, hut Ulrich would not accept a price for it. He preferred to give it as a free-will offering, and he meant it to be the best piece of wood-sculpture that had ever yet left liis hand. He had made innumerable designs for it, both in clay and on paper, and separate studies from life for the limbs, hands, and feet. In short, it was to he no ordinaiy piece of mere conventional Grodner Thai work, but a work of art in the true sense of the word. In the meanwhile, he allowed no one to see the figure in progress —not even Katrine; but worked anon it with closed doors, and kept it covered with a linen cloth whenever nis workshop was open. So the summer time wore on, and the roses bloomed abundantly in our little garden, the com yellowed slowly on the hill sides, arid .the wild white strawberry blos soms turned to tiny strawberries, ruby red, on every mossy bank anions the nr forests of the Seisser Alp. And still Ulrich laboured on at his great work, and scuJf tared many a gracious saint besides; av still the one object of all his earthly worship was our little laughing Katrine. Whether it was that, being so grave himself and she so gay, he loved her the better for the contrast, I cannot tell; but liis aifection for her seemed to deepen daily. I watched it as one might Match the grou'th of some rare flower, and I M-ondered sometimes if she prized it as she ought. Yet I scarcely know hoMr, child that she was, she'should ever have risen to the heights or sounded the depths of such a nature as his. That she could not appreciate him, however, would have mat tered little, if she had loved him more. There M-as the pity of it. She had accepted him, as many a very young girl accepts her first lover, simply because he Mras her first. She was proua of his genius—proud of his preference, proud of the house, and the lands, and the worldly goods that Mrere soon to be here ; but for that far greater wealth of love, she held it all too lightly. Seeing this, day after day, M-ith the knoM'ledge that nothing I could say Mould make things better, I fell, without being conscious of it, into a sad and silent wav, that arose solely out of my deep love for them both, and had no root of sel fishness in it, as my omu heart told me then, and tells me to this day. In the midst of this time, so full of happiness for Ulricli, so full of anxiety for me, Alois Finazzer came home suddenly We had been expecting him in a vague May ever since the spring, but the surprise, when he ualked in unannounced, M-as as great as if M-e had not expected him at all. He kissed us all on both cheeks, and sat down as if he had not been au-ay for a day. " What a rich fellow I am," he said, joy ously. "I left only a grave elder brother behind when I went "to Venice, and I come back finding two dear little sisters to welcome me home again." And then he told us that he had just taken the gold medal at the Academy, that he had sold his prize picture for two hundred Horins, and that he had a pocketful of presents for us all—a necklace for Katrine, a spectacle case for our mother, and a house wife for myself. When he put the neck lace round my darling's neck he kissed her again, and praised her eyes, and said he should some day put his pretty little sister into one of his pictures. He was greatly changed. He went away a curly-headed lad of eighteen, he came back a man, bearded, self-confident. Three years, at •certain turning-points 011 the road of life, work with us more powerfully, whether for better or worse, than would ten years at any •other period. I thought I liked Alois Finazzer better when he was those three years younger. Not so Katrine, however — not so our mother—not so the St. Ulrich folk, all of whom were loud in his praise. Handsome, successful, gay, generous, he treated the men, laughed with the girls, and carried all before bim. As for Ulrich, he put his work aside, and cleared his brow, and made holiday for two whole days, going round with his brother from house to house, and telling every ] ■one how Alois had taken the great gold medal in Venice. Proud and happy as he •was, however, he was prouder ana happier 1 still when, some three or four days later, at a meeting of the church committee of management, the commune formally invited Alois to paint an altar-piece for the altar of Sant' Marco at the price of three hundred florins. That evening Ulrich invited us to supper, and we drank Alois's health in a bottle of good Barbera M-ine. He n*as to stay at home now, instead of going hack to Venice, and he M-as to have the large room at the back of Ulrich's u-orkshop for a studio. " I'll bring your patron saint into ray picture if you will sit for her portrait, Katrine," said Alois, laughingly. And Katrine blushed, and said, " Yes and Ulrich was delighted, and Alois pulled out his pocket-book, and began sketching her head on the spot. "Only you must try to think of serious things, and not laugh when you are sitting for a saint, my little miidcken," said Ulrich, tenderly; whereupon Katrine blushed still more deeply, and Alois, without looking up from his drawing, promised that they would both be as grave as judges whenever the sittings M'ere going on. And now there began for me a period of such misery that even at this distance of time I can scarcely bear to write or think of it. There, day after day, was Alois painting in his new studio, and Katrine sitting to him for Catarina, while Ulrich, unselfish, faithful, trustful, Morked on in the next room, ab sorbed in his art, and not only unconscious of treachery, but incapable of conceiving it as a possibility. How I tried to Match over her, and would fain have Matched over her still more closely if I could, is known to myself alone. My object Mas to be uith her throughout all those fatal sittings; Alois's object Mas to make the appointments for hours when my household duties compelled me to remain at home. He soon found out that my eyes were opened. From that moment it Mas a silent unacknowledged fight between us, and we MTere always fighting it. And now, as his work drew nearer to com pletion, Ulrich seemed every day to live less for the people and things about him, and more for his art. Always somewhat over silent and reserved, he now seemed scarcely conscious at times even of the presence of others. He spoke and moved as in a dream; went to early mass every morning at 4; fasted three days out of seven; and, having wrought himself up to a certain pitch of re ligious and artistic excitement, lived in a world of his own creation, from which even Katrine was for the time excluded. Things being thus, what could I do but hold my peace ? To speak to Ulrich would have been impossible at any time ; to speak to my dar ling (she being, perhaps, wholly unconscious) might be to create the very peril I dreaded ; to appeal to Alois, I felt beforehand, would be worse than useless. So I kept my trouble to myself, and prayed that the weeks might pass quickly, and bring their wed ding-day. Now, just about this time of which I am telling(tbat is towards the middle of August) came round the great annual fete, or Sagro, as we call it, at Botzen; and to this fete Katrine and I had for some years been in the habit of going, walking to Atzwary the first day try way of Castelruth, sleeping near Atz wary m the house of our aunt, Maria Bern hard, ' whose husband kept the gasthaus called the Schwarzen Adler, taking the rail way next morning from Atzwary to Botzen, ana there spending the day of the Sagro, and returning m the same order as we came. This year, however, having the dread of Alois before my eyes, and knowing that tJliich would not leave his work, I set my face again the Botzen expedition, and begged my little sister, since she could not have the protection of her betrothed husband, to give ft.flp, so 1 think she would have done Mfltpt; but that Alois was resolute to have hsSp. ond at last even Ulrich urged it upon tua,- Saying he would not have his little mfidchen baulked of her fes to simply because he was too busy to take her there himself. Would not Johanna be there to take care of her, Alois to take care of them both. So my protest was silenced, and we went. It is a long day's walk from St. Ulrich to Atzwary, and we did not reach our aunt's house till nearly supper-time, so that it was quite late before we went up to our room. And now my darling, after being in wild spirits all day, became suddenly silent, and instead of going to bed, stayed by the window, looking at the moon. "What is my birdie thinking of?" I said, putting my arm about her waist. "I am thinking," she said softly, "how the moon is shining now at St. Ulrich, on our mother's bedroom window, and on our father's grave." And with this she laid her head down upon my shoulder, and cried as if her heart would break. I have reproached myself since for letting that moment pass as I did. I believe I might have had her confidence if I had tried, and then what a world of sorrow might have been averted from us all! We reached Botzen next morning in time for the 6 o'clock mass, and went to high mass again at 9, and strolled among the booths between the services. Here Alois, as usual, was very free with his money, buying ribbons and trinkets for Katrine, and behaving in every way as if he, and not Ulrich, were her acknowledged lover. At 11, having met some of our St. Ulrich neighbours, we made a party, and dined all together; and after dinner the young men proposed to take us to see an exhibition of rope-dancers and tumblers. Now I knew that Ulrich would not approve of this, and I entreated my darling for his sake, if not for mine, to stay away. But she would not listen to me. " Ulrich, Ulrich !" she repeated, pettishly. "Don't tease me about Ulrich; I am tired of his very name !" The next moment she had taken Alois's arm, and we were in the midst of the crowd. Finding she would go, I, of course, went also, though sorely against my inclination : and one of our St. Ulrich friends gave me his arm, and got me through. The crowd, how ever, was so great that I lost sight somehow of Alois and Katrine, and found myself landed presently inside the booth, and sitting on a front seat next to the orchestra, alone with the St. Ulrich people. We kept seats for them as long as we could, and. stood upon the bench to. look for them, till at last the curtain rose, and we had to sit down with out them. I saw nothing of the performance. To this day I have no idea how long it lasted, or what it consisted of. I remember nothing but the anxiety with which I kept looking towards the door, and the deadly sinking of my heart as the minutes dragged by. To go in* search of them was impossible, for the entrance was choked, and there was no standing-room in any part of the booth, so that even when the curtain fell we were fully another ten minutes getting out. You have guessed it, perhaps, before I tell you. They were not in the market place ; they were not at the gasthaus ; they were not in the cathedral. "The tall young man in a grey and green coat, and the pretty girl with a white rose j in her hair?" said a bystander. "Tush, my dear, don't be uneasy. They are gone j home ; I saw them running towards the station more than half an hour ago." So we flew to the station, and there one of the porters, who was an Atzwary man, and knew us both, confirmed the dreadful truth. They were gone indeed, but they were not gone home. Just in time to catch the express, they had taken their tickets through to Venice, and were at this moment speeding southwards. How I got home—not stopping at all at Atzwary, but going straight away on foot in the broiling afternoon sun—never resting till I reached Castelruth, a little after dusk —lying down outside my bed. and sobbing all the night, getting up at the first glimmer of grey dawn, and going on again before the sun was up—how I did all this, faint for want of food, yet unable to eat; weary for want of rest, yet unable to sleep— I know not. Yet I did it, and was home again at St. Ulricli, kneeling beside our mother's chair, and comforting her as best I could, by 7. " How is Ulrich to be told ?" It was her first question. It was the question Iliad been asking myself all the way home. I knew well, however, that I must be the one to break it to him. It was a terrible task, and I put it from me as long as possible. When, at last, I did go, it was past mid-day. The workshop door was open —the Christ, just showing a vague outline through the folds, was covered with a sheet, and standing up against the wall—and Ulrich was working on the drapery of a St Francis, the splinters from which were flying off rapidly in every direction. Seeing me on the threshold, he looked up, andisfnjded. "So soon back, liebe Jonafma?" he said. " We did not expect you tilfccve'uing." Then, finding I made no answer, he uausM in his work, and said, quickly: 1 "What is the matter? Is she ill?" { I shook my head. "No," I Said,; "she is not ill." ^ " Where is she, then ?" "She is not ill," I said, aga^jt, "but—she is not here.' And then I told him.' He heard me out in dead silence, never moving so much as a " iter ui finger, only growing whiter as I wept on. Then, when I had done, he went orer to the window, and remained standing with his back towards me for some minutes. " And you ?" he said, presently* still with out turning his head. "And you—through all these weeks—you never saw or suspected anything?" " I feared—I was not sure " i He turned upon me with a terrible pale anger in his face. " You feared—you were not sure!" he said, slowly. "That is to say, you Saw it going on, and let it go on, and would not put out your hand to save us all! False 1 false! false !— all false together—false love, false brothel, false friend 1" " You are not just to me, Ulrich," I said; for to be called false by him was more than I could bear. "Am I not just? Then I pray that God will be more just to you, and to them, than I can ever be ; and that His justice may be the justice of vengeance—swift, and terrible, and without mercy." And saying this he laid his hand on. the veiled Christ, and cursed us all three with a terrible, passionate curse, like curse of a prophet of old. V For one moment my heart stood still, and I felt as if there were nothing left for me but to die; but it was only for that one moment; for I knew, even before he had done speaking, that no words of his could harm either my poor little erring Katrine or myself. And then, having said so as gently as I could, I formally foigavehim in her name and mine,' I and went away.. That night Ulrich Finazzer shut up Iris house and disappeared, no one knew whither' When I questioned the old woman who lived with him as servant, she said that he had paid and dismissed her a little before dusk ; that she then thought he was looking very ill, and that Blie had observed how, instead of being, as usual, hard at work all day in the workshop, he had fetched his gun out of the kitchen about 2 o'clock, and carried it up to his bedroom, where, she believed, lie had spent nearly all the afternoon cleaning it. This was all she had to tell; but it was more than enough to add to the burden of my terrors. . , , „ , Oh, the weary, weary tune that followed —the long, sad, solitary days—the days that became weeks—the weeks that became months—the autumn that chilled and paled, as it wore 011 towards winter—the chang ing woods—the withering leaves—the snow that whitened daily on the great peaks round about! Thus September and October passed away, and the last of the harvest was gathered in, and November came with bitter winds and rain ; and, save a few hurried lines from Katrine, posted in Perugia, I knew nothing of the fate of all whom I had loved and lost. "We were married," she wrote," in Venice, and Alois talks of spending the winter in Rome. I should be perfectly happy if I knew that you and Ulrich had forgiven us." This was all. She gave me 110 address ; but I wrote to her at the Poste Restante, Perugia, and again to the Poste liestante, Rome; both of which letters, I presume, lay unclaimed till destroyed by the authorities, for she never replied to either. And now the winter came on in earnest, as winter always comes in our high valleys, and Christmas-time drew round again ; and, 011 the eve of St. Thomas, Ulrich Finazzer re turned to his house as suddenly and silently as he had left it. Next-door neighbours as we were, we should not have known of his return but for the trampled snow upon the path, and the smoke uoing up from the workshop cliini nev. No other sign of life or occupation was to be seen. The shutters remained un opened. The doors, both front and back, remained fast locked. If any neighbour knocked, he was left to knock unanswered. Even the old woman, who used to be his servant, was turned away by a stern voice from within, bidding her begone and leave him at peace. That he was at work was certain-. for we could hear him in the workshop by night as well as by day. llut he could work thei»e as in a tomb, for the room was iighted by a window in the roof. Thus St. Thomas's Day, and the next day, which was the fourth Sunday in Advent, went by, and still be, who had ever been so constant at mass, showed 110 sign of coming out amongst us. On Monday our good cure walked down, all through the fresh snow (for there bad been a heavy fall in the night), 011 purpose to ask if we were sure that Ulrich was really in his house; if we had yet seen liim ; and if we knew what he did for food, being shut in there quite alone ; but to these questions we could give 110 satis factory reply. That day, when we had dined, I put some bread and meat, in a basket, and left it at his door; but it lay there untouched all through the day and night, and in the morning I fetched it back again, with the food still in it. This was the fourth day since bis return. It was very dreadful—I cannot tell you how dreadful'—to know that lie was so near, yet never even to see his shadow on a blind. As the day wore on my suspense became intoler able. * To- niglit, I told myself, would be Christmas Eve, to-morrow, Christmas Day. Was it possible that he would let both anni versaries go by thus? Was it possible that his heart would not soften if he remembered our happy Christmas of only last year, when he and Katrine were not yet betrothed ; bow he supped with us, and how we all roasted nuts upon the hearth, and sang part-songs after supper ? Then, again, it seemed incred ible that he should not go to church on Christmas Day. Thus the day went by, and the evening dusk came on, and the village choir came round singing carols from house to house, and still lie made no sign. Now, what with the suspense of knowing him to be so near, and the thought of my little Katrine far away in Rome, and the re membrance of how he—he whom I had honoured and admired above all the world my whole life long—had called down curves on us both the very last time 'tipHLiie>and I stood face to face—what with im uiis, I say, and what with the season and its associations, I had such a great restless ness and anguish upon me that I sat up trying to read my Bible long after mother bad gone to bed. liut my thoughts wandered continually from the text, and at last the restlessness so gained upon me that I could sit still 110 longer, and so got up and walked about the. room. And mjik sudd|tj,ly« while I was pacing to and fro,*ljBfaarcL-afe1 fancied I heard, a voice in the to me by, name. I [—I trembly • My very stopped—I lis! heart stood still! Then, hearing no more, I ""opened the window and outer shutters, and instantly there rusliej^ in a torrent of icy cold air and a flood of brilliant moonlight,ana there, on the shining snow below, stood Ulrich Finazzer. ■ Himself, and yet so changed! Worn, haggard, grey. 1 saw hini, I tell you, as plainly as I see my own hand at this moment. He was standing dose, quite close, under the window, with the moonlight full unpn him. "Ulrich!" I said, ana my own voice sounded strange to me, somehow, in the dead waste and silence of the night—" Ulrich, are you come to tell me we are friends 9" But instead of answering me he pointed to a mark on his forehead—a small dark mark, that looked at this distance and by this light like a bruise—cried aloud with a strange wild cry, less like a human voice than a far-off echo, "The brand of Cain ! The brand of Cain!" and so flung up his arms with a despairing gesture, and lied away into the night. ■ The rest of my story may be told in a few words—the fewer the better. Insane with the desire of vengeance, Ulrich Finazzer had tracked the fugitives from place to place, and slain his brother at mid-day in the streets of Borne. He escaped unmolested, and was well nigh over the Austrian border before the authorities even began to inquire into the particulars of the murder. He then, as was proved by a comparison of dates, must have come straight home by way of Mantua, Verona, ana Botzen, with no other object, apparently, than to finish the statue that he had designed for an offering to the church. He Avorked upon it, accordingly, as I have said, for four days and nighte incessantly, completed it to the last degree of finish, and then, being in who can tell how terrible a condition of remorse, and horror, and des pair, sought to expiate his crime with his blodd. They found him' shot through the head by his own hand, lying quite dead at the feet of the statue upon which he had been working, probably, up to the last moment, his tools lying dose by, the pistol still fast in his clenched hand, and the divine | pitying face of the Redeemer, whose law he had outraged, bending over him as if in sorrow and forgiveness. Did I indeed see Ulrich Finazzer that night of his self-murder? If I did so with my bodily eyes, and it was no illusion of the senses, then most surely I saw him not in life, for that dark mark which looked to me , in the moonlight like a bruise was the bullet- j hole in his brow. j But did I see him ? It is a question I ask ' myself again and again, and have asked my- j self for years. Ah ? who can answer it ? j The buzz of comment which followed j Sister Johanna's story had scarcely subsided, J and Mr. Croffut had not had time to thank j lier in the name of the company, when a j queer-looking man, with a wandering eye, and a strangely restless manner, started for ward and addressed the president abruptly : "Sir," he said, "I should like to tell you and this honourable company about Nettle fold." "Nobody wants to stop you, stranger," returned Mr. Croffut. "You can begin as soon as you like, and go right on till you've got through with it." " About Nettlefold," continued the stran ger, taking no notice of Mr. Croffut, "Nettle- j fold and that clock. I am English, as you i will doubtless perceive. It occurred in Kng- j land. This was how it happened." And, without further preface, he plunged into the following strange story of— j THE QUEER CLOCK. There are some people who seem to thrust their friendship peremptorily upon one, much ; as a conjuror, in furtherance of his impos tures, forces the receipt of a particular card. There is 110 escape ; persistence triumphs, unless one adopts a course of opposition of an unusually obstinate kind. Thus Augustus Nettlefold called himself my friend, and assumed an intimate air in relation to me | quite in spite of myself. I had little liking i for him ; 1 had no respect for him ; we had few sympathies in common ; no real bond of union existed between us ; still, there he was—my friend. He claimed to have known me for very many years; and this was true enough ; our acquaintance dated, in fact, from a remote period, when I had been his school- J fellow. But what of that ? I had forgotten all about Augustus Nettlefold. I had com- ! pletely lost sight of him for a very long while ; and I could never call to mind that, even at school, I had cared particularly about him. No doubt I bad at that time certain special cronies and comrades. But I don't think that intimate relations of this nature had ever subsisted between Nettlefold and myself. I had some dim memory of a lean, fredded, liglit-haired boy, usually wearing a frill round bis neck, and in temperately fond of jam-puffs. Could that have been Nettlefold? or had I confounded him with some other boy ? I couldn't be sure. And perhaps it didn't much matter. But we have really need of a Statute of Limitations in regard to friendship. Claims of that kind, if not fully sustained by proof of periodical recognition and mutual agreement, should be barred by lapse of time. The intimacies of schoolboy life cannot be supposed to last for ever. When a florid, middle-aged man—bald, except as to a few weak locks of hair scantily streaking his cranium, with oily auburn whiskers and a protuberant white waistcoat—inquired of me one day whether I had not been, in my youth, a pupil at Doctor llodwell's academy, at Turnham green, and forthwith proclaimed himself my old schoolfellow, Augustus Nettlefold, I own that I did not feel very cordially moved towards him, or greatly interested in the recollections he laboured to revive. I frankly stated, indeed, that I did not recog nise him. " I should have known you any where," he said; "you're not in the least altered. You're thm, you see," he went on, " and thin men don't alter much. No, you're just the same as you always were. For me, I know I'm changed. I've grown stout and rather bald : and, of course, that makes a difference. I'm uncommonly glad to see you again, old fellow; it brings back the past so pleasantly to me. Alt ! there are no friends like the friends of one's boy hood ! Happy boyhood ! Why can't we have it all over again ?" I did not feel equal to answering this question. For my own part I sympathised but indifferently with Xettlefold's senti ments, and experienced no particular desire for the recurrence of my days of imma turity. To my thinking, the happiness of boyhood has been 011 all sides very consider ably over-estimated. I take it that there are unhappy boys just as there are unhappy men. I know that great part of my own youth was a state of extreme exertion and misery to me. My health was weakly, I was unable to find pleasure in the rougher practices of the play ground. I was subjected to rather oppres sive treatment at the hands of my more robust schoolmates; and I was, I think, undervalued and inconsiderately viewed by my preceptors. I could not contemplate, therefore, with any especial enjoyment the period of my existence that had been passed at Dr. Rodwell's academyrin company with Augustus Nettlefold, as lie alleged. I did not think it worth while, however, to apprise him of my opinions in this regard. Of myself I desire to say little further. I possessed a modest fortune, and, up to the period of my being resuscitated, as it were, by Nettlefold, I had led a life of quiet and seclusion. I was unmarried, and saw little of society. I inliabited a small but comfort able bouse—it happened to be my oct free bold—in an unfashionable suburb of London. I was devoted to a particular branch of literary study. I hasten to add that tins was in no sense of a popular kind, or one that would, however sedulously I might prosecute my labours, entitle me to any kind of general fame or public recognition. Some credit I might earn from a select and very limited class of students, sympathising with the nature of my inquiries, out not mbre than that. I Bhould state, perhaps, that my toilB had not attained any very definite issue, or acquired much distinctness of form. I had really done little more than test and digest the results of previous dealings with -the same subject, and amass materials for proceeding with it further and conclusively when the proper time should arrive for so dff"*^ Meanwhile, I had collected a large aiuiL able library of books. v* Nettlefold was a City man; but, that! I have no clear information as to the pre nature of his occupation. He rented art near the Bank of England, and ■ emplq clerk or twd; was versed in the myster the money-market, skilled in the sla 'Change, and appeared to be muclTinteJ in financial operations, and especially those of a speculative character. He had nothing about him, as I perceived, of the old-fdsh ioned, plodding, city merchant He dressed gaily, seemed to have abundant leisure, conducted his calling, whatever it may ftfcve been, after a curiously light-hearted, now to say frivolous fashion, aua comported hhhself altogether muc \ more as a man of pleasure than a man of business. He appeared to me greatly to prefer the gratifications of the table to the toils of the desk. He was . great consumer of glasses of sheiry^t^o hours, devoted much time and thouehi * his meals, and generally laid stress upon tk° attractions of good cheer. He had th appearance of rather an over-fed person tfj appetite lionrf.v. mill bin ' Ulg to be in in these My own health was infirm, and^any^' parturc from a strict regimen was b J partii rc from a strict regimen was to me a serious matter. My acquaintance with Nettlefold had been resumed in this wise. Weliad both attended 111 the character of diners at a public banquet given in honour of a certain dig. tinguished man, with whose career I bad sufficiently sympathised to nuit for the occasion my secluded method of life. Nettle, fold was present simply, as I believe, because Iia trv rlntA nnn fcA nrlvArhoa - lie liked to dine and to advertise himself m a prominent sort of way. I chanced to sit next to him. We fell into conversation in the course of which occurred that reference to Doctor Kodwell's establishment for youne gentlemen which I have already set fonv and we exchanged cards. m' After this Nettlefold called upon me ■ and called again and again. I am not a'rude man, and have, perhaps, little real decision or energy of character. My life has been one of contemplation rather than of action r could not dismiss my visitor, or decline to see him ; so gradually relations, Buch as I entirely disapproved, were established—or a« he preferred to say, re- established—between Nettlefold and myself. His motive in thug thrusting himself upon me I have a diffi. culty in comprehending. I remember thathe sometimes bantered me—rather coarsely, as his manner was—011 the nature of the invest meiit of my small fortune. I had old" fashioned and, perhaps, timid preferences for Government stock over other forms of securities. He ridiculed Consols, describing them as "an old woman's stocking," ana hinted that he could show me liow to turn my means to better account. He often re curred to this subject, hut never pressed it unduly. Of himself lie spoke little. I gathered, however, that he had been abroad (luring some years of his life, and that his fortunes had fluctuated somewhat. But altogether he gave me the idea of his being now thoroughly prosperous, and his ex pendituie and his mode of living certainly seemed to he on a very liberal scale. The new kind of existence into which E was forced by Nettlefold inconvenienced me gravely. I was taken from the society of my beloved hooks; my cherished studies were interrupted. I feel that I ought to have re sisted the blandishments of my " newly, found old friend," as he described himself. What to me were his perpetual "sherries," his profuse turtle-soup luncheons, hig elaliorate " little dinners?" They only made me ill. Even his choice cigars that he forced me to smoke—my recourse to tobacco having hitherto been of a very limited and occasional kind—did but disturb my nervous system. It was plain that his method of life was very ill-suited to me; and I found 110 real pleasure in the man's company. After all he was nothing to me, except that he persistently asserted himself to he "my friend." How could I pos sibly interest myself in his commercial pursuits and City talk? In one point only was 1 successful in opposing this importu nate man. " Call me Ous," he would some times say ; "you always used to at old Rod well's." But call him Gus I could not, and would not ; it was as much as I could do to address him plainly as Nettlefold. On his part 110 such scruples existed. He called me by my Christian name. He even abbreviated this to "Alf." lie said that I had always been "Alf" to him at Kodwell's. I felt that this wasn't true. But I had not courage enough to say so. To the best of uiy recol lection. 110 human l»eiiig had ever before ad dressed me as "Alf011 that subject I was prepared to make oath ; still, I let Nettle fold have his way. One day I found myself pledged to dine with Nettlefold "down the river." I had vainly sought to escape from this engagement. I was ill, nervous, shaken altogether. The, weather had been exceedingly sultry; I was suﬀering from previous dinners with Nettlefold —to him simply every‐day matters probably, but to me shameful dissipations. And my discomforts were mental, as well as of the body. I was vexed at my own feebleness of will and instability of character; I wasthe victim of severe self-reproach. Still, Nettle fold would take 110 denial. "You must positively come, Alf, he said ; "a very quiet little party, in a swig private room. The dinner shali lie of the simplest—you shall choose every dish your self, if you like. No; I really can't spare you. This is an important occasion; m fact, a crisis in my fate lias arrived—1 10 going to be married ! The guests are to be n» intended bride, her father and mother, ana an intimate friend of her family, tliats aji. With you and myself we shall be six w number. Now, you know, you can t reia me—you can't, at such a time, desert friend of your boyhood. Say you II com Indeed, I won't listen to a refusal. » must come." Again I let Nettlefold liave his way. "& else could 1 do. . .. „r It was, as I have said, roost sultry weat • The " snug private room" he had spoken . proved to be a confined chamber that been scorched all day long by the sun., was swaiming with flies. They were buz■ > and clustering everywhere. The chaiul was clondy with them, and they had so gregated about the looking-glass frame . give it quite a nkbald look. They M 3 settled, too.jflMa. a French bronze ^ that stood oTPpfjF mantelpiece. « »»». quaintly-fashioned fclock, ^th of limb—I took it at firsifer3reP'l'®,^' ^jnt. but it was clearly meant forTimc-w-asP" ? a grisly forefinger at the dial, nig a grisly torennger at sardonically the while. That clock caugh^ eye directly I entered the r00" 'ayagain «iy attention in, and again. hJt window opened on to a iwttow 'ro{ ,te paint shrivelled atfl « rei ,,r exposure to the sun. The n«[ £?La..e,are °( "ght. It was low water, expanse of smooth, shining noisome on® la the shore. Thedwtant bon»» ie veiled in steam. The sun w* ift mlaty bed of angiy, thunder^' Jws. There was not a breath Big. The'heat was, indeed, We; even rfeelining motionless1 > wr, placed between open door w. low, one grew fevered, panting felt as though some heavy vwi 'fcAlfffh as *nuu&u; j-- t R cv»w agmyheftft.^thou^H rjy bound . roun/^?fooodp all my veiitf *» » r. - « 1. Utlf my ypicemua fpc^i W hands were Sttaneeiy p! I bat} iierer before *«« 80 I shaken and upset. There was a floating narti-coloured nnst before my eyes; my mind \- ml to be at fault. _ I experienced a difficulty i» nnfl perceptions. Jtveii now, difficulty and perceptions. fi, ven now, ling >uy »ieI111'!£ u„on it, that little dinner lnig »o k u„on it, time utuc u.um;. 5L,, the river has to me the vague, weird down «•— ... air of a fantastic vision. I was introduced to Nettlefold's friends, r roused myself with an effort to take some measure of interest in his intended bride. She was richly dressed; a tall, thin, faded woman, with lustreless eyes, thin lips, and rather prominent teeth. She spoke with a drawl, and her manner struck me at once as arrogant and affected. "Alicia, my dear," said Nettlefold to her, "this is my old friend, Alf of whom you've head me speak. Alf, old' hoy, Miss Carberry." She slightly inclined her head as she surveyed me through her gold-rimmed eye- glasses. Her expression I judged to he hard, insolent, and cruel; yet I was prepared to learn, as I presently did from Nettlefold, that she was generally es teemed to lie a lady of great personal attrac tions. She drew oft'her light kid gloves, and revealed her thin, sallow, rather sinewy and claw-like hands, with many valuable rings circling her long bony lingers. Mr. Carberry — "great contractor, engaged in onnrmous undertakings," whispered Nettle .enormous unaeriaiviiiKo, .. ^ - f0l(j_was a stout, mottle-faced, elderly man, with blank glassy eyes and a gingerbread coloured wig. His wife, the mother of .. lnvrrp tiorcfi-hiowed woman. Ajjeia, was a large, fierce-browed woman, i o did little but fan herself violently, set *j, g all her many bracelets clinking and vutlinir till it almost seemed as though she mil"'b 1,,. antrlf* nni«V KVStf.cm of jjpre being fanned by some noisy system of S.inery The friend of.the Carberry fimilv—he was Alicia's cousin, I believe— iamilj nr-nvmt.f. o Mint inrlnrl Iras called Major Meggott, a gaunt, jaded looking man, with an erect military figure, towed "cavalry" legs, and a dyed and much waxed moustache. He was dressed m tiehtlv-fitting dark clothes, and moved stifflv as though buckled and trussed up in excess even of War-office regulatioiis. He made no complaint of the heat; it was understood that he had frequently sojourned in tropical climes. His face wore a hard, artificial smile, as though to make revelation of bis white, even teeth, of which he was, perhaps, proud. They also were artificial. We sat at a circular table. Nettlefold had his future wife and mother-in-law on either side of him. I was placed between Mrs. Carberry and her husband. The major sat next his cousin, and frequently inter changed talk with her, I noticed, in a sub dued tone; otherwise we were but a silent party. A curious air of restraint and em barrassment seemed to oppress us. The dinner was of the most profuse and luxurious description; the courses seemed interminable, and the supply of wine of all kinds was excessive. Glasses were filled and emptied incessantly ; yet no elation came to the party, but rather more and more of stupefaction and depression. We were desperately dull; a kind of lethargy succeeded to our superabundant meal. We were gorged, in fact, with Nettle fold's little dinner. Some few attempts he made to animate us, by forced clamorousncss of speech and laughter; but these proved futile. We sat for the most part mute and sleepy, twiddling our wineglasses, or trifling with a superb dessert. My sufferings, I know, were acute. The heat was still intense ; the day had de parted, but the night was close, sultry, and storm-laden. Not to add to the almost stifling temperature of the room, the lights of the chandelier were kept as low as pos sible. Now and then the murky sky without was quivering and aflame with lightning, which seemed to flash a white glare upon the faces round the table, and reduce the gas lights above us to a dull, yellow hue. And now the thunder, that had long been rum bling and muttering fiercely in the distance, drew nearer to us. Presently it was rolling, and roaring, and crackling with the utmost violence close at hand. " Shut the windows, for God's sake!" cried some one. All looked pale, I thought; but it might have been only the white flashing of the lightning in our faces. Nettlefold ordered some more wine. " We must have something to cheer us," he said, with a hollow laugh. Wine was with him a panacea for all maladies; a remedy to be re sorted to 011 every occasion. "It's really the devil of a storm, you know," remarked the major. He added, however, that he had experienced many worse in the tropics. " Don't be frightened," be saw to Alicia; but she was frightened. Old Mr. Carberry helped himself to pine apple ; Mrs. Carberry fanned herself vio lently, but less regularly than before. It jvas as though the machinery which kept her fan m motion wanted oiling, or had got some how out of gear. ,A waiter, pursuant to Nettlefold's bid mug, filled us up glasses of sparling red burgundy. The dark-hued wine, with its creaming head of light purple, had a clogged, dragged, redundantly rich flavour, it was very potent liquor. We seemed to be anninng foaming laudanum. The man was brh^^y ca u^ ^our glasses to the This was not the waiter who had previously attended upon us. I was struck by a certain strangeness in this new man's aspect. He was tall and painfully thin, with long, grim, attenuated features, nis pale face wearing an acrirl — f Q/»h5/4 j um jidic xav*; wcaiiug uil bald' exI>ressipii. l£e was very . save that on his brow there grew a solitary lock of dark, twisted hair, the sliape of an inverted comma. I felt sure that he and I had met before. Suddenly it occurred to me that he bore a startling resemblance to the grisly Mephistophelean figure of Time, DOlnHnnr *1- - J* * " '• lurinli.r. - - UKUIC U1 1 line, French .i!°i *'ie. 8reen bronze ml clock on the mantelpiece. Thr* • ii. 5. c '"anueipiece. Amur ihl • j now. "sen, and an angry gust The lightning \-- I to play about the room, and especi ally to be attracted to the bronze clock. It was lit up again and again, as though it had been smeared with phosphorus; there was, moreover. a prevalent odour of sulphur in the atmosphere that overcame all the fumes of •the diunnv * , mas overcame all the fumes of toe dinner and the wine. The air was dense mid heavy, as though loaded with the vapours .PPhte narcotic drug. Ihen camo a deafening peal of thunder, ■the house Beemed to be Bhaken to its foun dations. This was followed by an evrtal auence; even Mre. Carberry's fan was still. were all, iu truth, too scared to speak, the wind had gone down for the moment; »o sound waB audible, save only the ticking « the Fieuch (dock. During the hum of •dinnerthis could not have been heard rnow tt wa& distinctly, almost noisily. Suddenly hd v-as still • the clock, after a kind of gasp lut^e "l tts-throat, The strange waiter re-entered very quietiy, mtd proceeded to set the' clock going again. Me.wormd it un verv- « ^ »«®S°^0nlefl9and n d°he to th^ ,th® What had faster they whirled round, until they were I now almost imperceptible. A faint blurr could be discerned upon the white face of the clock, but nothing more. Time was Hying, indeed, at express speed! Hours, days, months, years, were hurrying away at a frightful pace ! Still we sat silent; no one moved. I glanced round the room. Immediately I perceived that an extraordinary change was coming over my fellow guests. Time was telling upon them most strangely and rapidly; so rapidly that his work could no longer be described as gradual. If for a minute I chanced to avert my eyes from one of them, during that brief interval the work of years had been wrought. Even as I looked at them, I could plainly note the process of change surely going on. I could see them grow old—old—very old indeed ! I could watch and note each step of natural decay; I was only disturbed by the rapidity of the operation. Colour tied, hair was stripped off, light wrinkles deepened into furrows, faces fell in, forms withered and bent, eyes dimmed and faded, and expired like burnt out candles: dotage and senility, and de crepitude did not creep, but fell suddenly, as it were, upon all. It was horrible, it was appalling, this extraordinary spectacle of certain and swift decay! I was trembling all over; my brain seemed on fire. Still, though my trepidation was extreme, and scarcely to be borne, in the midst of this frightful scene I felt that I preserved con sciousness. I was perfectly sane; my recol lection of that strange scene, even to minute points, is still vivid. I turned to look at Nettlefold ; he was a wizen, bent week of a man, with only a mere nicker of intelligence left upon his face. Presently it was clear to me that he was hopelessly insane. The change that had occurred in him during the long period that had elapsed between my quitting him at school and meeting him again a middle-aged man, was nothing to this, though it had been effected in some few minutes only. Still the hands of the clock were whirling round and round, and time went flying 011. The grim bronze figure was pointing to the dial, as though boasting of his handiwork, and grinning defiance at our discomfiture and decline. The storm raged on without, the lightning flashed furiously, and the wind was roaring and dashing hail and rain into the room. Nettlefold, I fancy, said or tried to say something, I know not what; I saw his jaws work spasmodically, but he mumbled from loss of teeth, or my sense of hearing was lost to me. For I grew old with the rest; I felt my head droop until my chin rested on my chest; my limbs were shrunk and en feebled, and ached with age, and I could see that my hands were as the hands of a very old man—thin, tremulous, nerveless, and swollen at the joints. As to the other guests—but indeed I cannot continue. It was horrible ! I was in a strange bed, in a strange room; the windows were barred, and I could discern snow upon the housetops without. A strap bound me to my couch. Ice was lieing applied to my forehead; my hair had been cut quite close ; shaved off, indeed. " What has happened ? Where am I?" I was told afterwards that these were the first intelligible words I had spoken for many months. " You're all safe—in St. Thomas's Hos pital." " What's been the matter?" "Well, we'll call it brain fever. But you'll do now." I was forbidden to ask any more questions. It was some time before 1 could find any who would reply to me, or give me information I much desired upon certain points. "Nettlefold?" I was able to inquire at length of one who consented to supply me with intelligence of a concise kind, provided that I promised not to excite myself. " Nettlefold ?" "In Newgate, charged under the Fraudu lent Trustee Act." "Garberry?" " Bankrupt—absconded." " Alicia?" " Eloped with her cousin. You've nothing more to ask ?" I had not. My mind was in an incoherent and shattered state. "A drink of water, please." "Here it is; now try and go to sleep, and don't bother yourself with thinking, there's a good fellow, and you'll soon get well; that is, as weU as you've ever been." I don't know sometimes whether I have ever got well or not. Uttering these last words in a dazed manner, and with a nervous hand playing idly about his chin, the si>eaker turned quickly round and disappeared in the dark ness, leaving his hearers convinced that they at least had very clear notions as to his chances of ultimate recovery, whatever his own doubts on the subject might be. Indeed, Mr. Croffut seemed to express the general sentiment when he gave it as his opinion that two, or at the most three, more drinks of Bourbon whiskey would be more than enough to bring on a recurrence of the singular symptoms experienced by the stranger at Nettlefold's dinner. "And," continued the president, "as we shall want somethin' pleasant after that, I shall ask another lady to volunteer for next turn." " I heard a pretty little story in a strange old Flemish inn where I stayed last year," said the lady to whom he turned as he spoke. This was a self- possessed young American, who, with her mother, had just returned from Europe in time to lose everything in the great fire, and who seemed to think there was nothing very remarkable or out of the way in her present strange surroundings, and who began, with as much calmness as if she hod been still sitting in the Sherman house drawingroom, the following story A WILL 0' THE WISP. "Ring, ding! tinkle, tinkle, ting!" rang the chimes in the cathedral tower, beginning to jflav their airy tunc in the clouds, as a bewitched old lady came into the town of Dindans one evening, following a will o' the wasp. Dindans is a dreamy old Flemish town, with cannlB full of yellow-green water, and brown boats -with little scarlet flags; with strange old beetle-browed houses oversliadow ing the streets; with a market-place and fountain, a multitude of pointed gables, a cathedral covered with saints and angels, little children in .muslin caps, and bells that • make delicate music aloft in the air, A real traveller stopping in Dindans is a rare ap parition, and people came out of their houses that evening to gaze at the little old English woman who trotted behind the truck which jolted her luggage along the pavement. 'When the tired little woman stopped before the wide entrance of the queer old inn, La Grue, there was no one about, and she walked into the sanded hall and glanced through the opening at the other end down the long, ancient court- yard, with its vines, and gallery, and rows of little windows, and on to where apple trees and scarlet geraniums were blushing through the sunlight from the garden. A curious stone staircase wound out of tlxe hall, and there were doors on each side of her. She hesitated, and glanced all round the unpeopled interior, until the sound of a voice came out of the nearest door. "With her hands on her knees, and the knitting lying in her lap," said the shrewish voice of a woman in clumsy Flemish French, "though I told her yesterday that the stock ing must be done immediately." " Thou hearest," said a man's voice, " thou must be more industrious." "And with a look on her face that would sour the wine," continued the woman, "enough to make people think one was unkind to her." " Thou must be more cheerful," grumbled the man. "And see! There are travellers at our door, and here she is gossiping, so that we do not even perceive them !' A door, which had been ajar, was quickly opened, and a young girl came out with a pale pale, and eyes heavily encircled with the redness of suppressed tears. The young figure looked so much more refined than anything one could have expected in the place, that the traveller forgot her own business in the surprise. At the same moment a waiter came running to take the luggage, a little man, with a keen and perturbed face, and some thing like a hump on his shoulders. This was the oldest inn in Dindans, explained the girl. There were not many chambers ready, for travellers did not often stop to pass a night in the town. There was a suite of small rooms running round the court-yard, but they were at present used as fruit-lofts or lumber-closets. Over the archway into the garden was a little apartment like a glass case, which was occupied by a gentleman who had been long established here, and must not be moved. But madame should have the best chamber, occupied by mon sieur and his wife when nobody came. It should be made ready for the Dame Anglaise at a moment's notice. The stranger had had an intention of trying to escape, but something in the girl's manner mysteriously vanquished her. She took possession of an ancient- looking room, with heavy, dark wainscots and one window, in which the only things noticeable were two well-painted portraits on the walls. They were Monsieur and Madame Van Melcke lieke, exclaimed Jacques, the waiter, painted by Monsieur Lawrence, the English artist, who lived in the little glass chamber, and studied all his evenings in the painting room of the Cercle des Beaux Arts, up above in the tower; a very respectable club, which reflected credit on the house. Their meeting room for social purposes was behind the saUe-a-manger. Madame the stranger got rid of her dust, and made herself at home in her chair by the window, feeling herself to be a disap pointed old woman, who had been flitting about the world for years, seeking an object which it now seemed folly to think, of find ing. In the pleasant court-yard the evening sun light was gilding the peaks of the little windows, and the grapes that hung from the vines, but leaving a cool well of shadow about the old archway, through which flamed softly the illuminated garden, brilliant with scarlet and green, and bristling with gold tipped apple trees. As madame looked, a man's head was thrust from one of the queer little windows in the glass chamber, an English head, brown-liaired and thoughtfully intelligent. It leaned out of the golden background, glanced at a deserted ironing-table, which stood under the vines below, withdrew itself quickly, and disap peared. This was Monsieur Lawrence, no doubt. Our little old woman had returned to her own perplexities, when the maiden who had received her again appeared at her door, a ray from the window touching the girl as she announced that madame was served. Her face shone upon the traveller out of the shadows under the doorway — a pale, delicate-featured face, with a distiuct beauty of its own, which was partly owing to its subdued intensity of expression. The eyes had still that look of suffering from unshed tears ; the mouth had a look of heroic patience. She hovered on the threshold, while madame fixed a sudden stare upon lier, and made a sharp ejaculation in English. " Madame's dinner!" said the girl; thinking that she had not been understood in French. But the stare was not removed from her face till she fell back abashed across the threshold, and closed the door. "What is it?" cried the little English woman to*herseIf, with piteous energy. " A likeness ? No, not a likeness ! Yes—no— yes. Certainly not! With brooding over this matter I am becoming silly!" Madame reflected, and made up her miud that she was too hungry and tired to think to any purpose. She dined, and Jacques brought her some coffee in her chamber. Madame could not refrain from question ing Jacques. For many long years it had been the business of her life to question. Stine was the girl's name. She was the niece of monsieur, and her fate was sad. " Why do they treat her badly ?" " It seems to come by nature," said Jacques. "At present she is in great dis grace because sue refuses to marry me ; al though I have declaied to monsieur that I will not have her." "But is she not good and nice?" cried madame. "Gependant," persisted Jacques, "I will not have her. She likes me as it is; she would hate me if I pressed her to marry me. Mon Dieu ! Heaven must do something better for her than that." Our traveller was on her way to England, and had broken her journey to rest but a night; yet she had already become curiously interested in the inhabitants of La Grue. She decided that she would make an in definite stay at Dindans. That night she wrote some letters, and looked over papers, in her chamber. She was very much ex cited, and did not settle to rest until it was another day. She was only in her first sleep when Stine got up to begin her daily work. No one in the house was awake but herself as she went into the garden, fetched vegetables, and pre pared them for use, placed saucepans on the stove, and then went into the court-yard to ,make ready her laundry table for an hour's ironing. As she trotted about the dewy garden araP the cool, grey court-yard, she held up her head and moved lightly, de lighting in the taste of fresh air, space, and peace. Her crisp, white bodice rustled with freshness, and smelt of lavender; her little apron fluttered as if enjoying itself. She went to her ironing under the runes, but had hardly plaited a frill when she remembered that she had not put the tilings straight in the painting-room of the club. In a minute she was busy folding up the tangled drapery that had been used in costuming a model the night before. The next moment some one came into the room, and Stine seemed all at once iu a great hurry as she said: " Good day, Monsieur Lawrence; you are up earlyturning away as she spoke, and making haste with her work. " Stine, will you not put that away for a moment, and speak to me t" " I have spoken, monsieur: I have said good day." The young man looked half sad and half angry as she opened the door, courtesied, and disappeared. The painter sat down, and began to work at his picture. "This place is not good for me," he re flected ; I shall leave it as soon as possible. Elsewhere I shall have greater advantages, and be rid of heart-ache. Ah! why do I love her, when she dees not care for me ? Yet what a life I see before her in this place! Worked to death, or wedded to Jacques, or to the owner of the nearest estaminet. I have not much to offer her, but in time I shall succeed; we could be frugal. She need not work for two of us as they work her here." ' Lawrence was alone in the world. His art was his delight, and he had left England for the purpose of studying in one of the best continental schools. Passing through Din dans he had been attracted, first by the quaintness of the old inn, and afterwards by Stine's sad face ; and here he had been content to follow his art-studies, without pushing on further to the higher point of his ambition. He had been able on occasions to save the girl from harsh treatment, and he recalled now her amazement at being so shielded, her gratitude so simply shown, and the frank, warm friendship that had sprung up between them. He had watched her at her daily work in the kitchen, in the court yard, everywhere, and had made sketches of lier by stealth under every aspect. Later there had come upon him dreams in which he fancied her flitting about in a home which should be her own, and also his ; and one day, when she had been in trouble, he had spoken to her, and then he had found his mistake. His love had appeared to vex her, and their friendship was at an end. She was now as sad and reserved as when he had first set eyes on her. "It must'lie that I am quite unlovable," thought Lawrence, "since she will rather endure unkinduess than share my lot." Meanwhile, Stine was working with nimble fingers at her ironing-table; linens were folded, and muslins crimped, while now and again a few team flashed out of her eyes like sparks of fire, and burnt her cheeks. She remembered one day when a kind face had come into the inn and somebody had saved her from a beating; she being'then con sidered young enough to be so punished. She remembered how light had become her tasks after that wonderful day, how the con sciousness of being protected had grown habitual to her, while the wonder swelled within her at finding herself a person to be so deeply respected. She began to think that even a life like hers might come to have a beautiful side to it, till that first dreadful night, when she had told herself it would be •better if she should never see Monsieur Lawrence again. The next day had brought the trouble of her disobedience about Jacques, as well as that strange, supreme moment when Lawrence, having heard of it, had asked her to be his wife, and had been re fused. Yes, and she would refuse him to-morrow again, if put to it! Flash ! came a tear on the frill she was ironing, so that she was obliged to crimp one inch of it over again; and Madame Van Melckelieke came scolding into the court-yard. The little Dame Anglaise dined at the table d'hote that day. Monsieur sat at the top of his board, and his wife and step daughter, a giggling girl with shaip features, sat beside him. After dinner monsieur, his wife, and daughter went out to take coffee in the garden, sitting under an apple tree, with a tiny table between them ; mon sieur in his white linen coat and scarlet skull-cap, the girl in a gay muslin with flam ing bows, madame in brilliant gown and enormous gold earrings. The ladies chatter, monsieur smokes and drinks his coffee, and Jacques comesinto the garden and announces that the Dame Anglaise wishes to join their circle. She comes, she is agreeable, she gossips familiarly over their concerns, and tells them a great deal about her travels. So agreeable did she make herself, that next afternoon the stranger was invited once more to join the circle in the garden. Never had been known so pleasant an Englishwoman. " Monsieur and madame," said the stran ger, by and bye, " I am going to tell you a story. Yesterday I spoke of my travels, and you were good enough to be amused ; to-day I will try to relate to you some of the most important events of my life. I have lived under the shadow of a great trouble for many yearn. For 16 years I have been following a will o' the wisp." "A will o' the wisp!" cried all the lis teners. " It has led me from country to country, and from town to town. I arrived here the other night utterly disheartened, when, lo ! it sprang up again ; here—under this roof— as soon as I entered." "Here !'* cried the Van Melckeliekes. Madame shifted her chair so that she sat facing monsieur, who had taken his cigar from his mouth, and sat gazing at her in amazement, with his scarlet skufl-cap a little on one side, and a slight look of apprehen sion on his stolid countenance. "Letmadame proceed!" The strange old lady paused before she began her tale, and a tragic look swept across 'her dim blue eyes. "My friends," 6he said, with a quiver in her voice, "16 years ago there were living in a pleasant part of England an English gentleman ana his wife, who had very great wealth and a beautiful home, and up to the time of the beginning of my story they had scarcely known what it is to grieve. They had one child, a little girl of three years old, the idol of both parents. They were fond of travelling abroad, and it happened once that they were in Paris on their way home, with them the child and three servants, including the nurse, a strange and wild-tempered woman. The lady was half afraid of this nurse, yet shrank from sending her away. The nurse was savagely fond of the child, and jealous of its mother. One day there was, a quarrel springing from this jealousy, and that evening the woman walked out of- the hotel carrying the child in her arms, as if to give it an airing. She did not return, and the father and mother never heard of their child again." Monsieur had turned on his seat and looked askance at the stranger, Madame, his wife, sat with open mouth gazinjj at her husband. "Think of it good people," went on the little old trembling lady. "I was the friend of that young mother, and I came to her in Paris in her affliction. We spent months traversing Paris, and we advertised, ofleriug large rewards; but no tidings of woman or child were to be had. We gave up the search in Paris, attd went moving from place to place, lingering so sadly, and making such frantic inquiries, that people began to point to my friend as the.'poor erased mother who was looking for her child.' Ah, my friends, if you had seen her as I did—her eyes dim, her cheeks wasted, weeping herself to death over a toy, a tiny garment, a little shoe 1 Search was useless, and by the time we could prevail on her to give it up the poor thing was so broken in heart and body that we only brought her home to die. She died in my arms, and I promised to keep up the search so long as I lived. She had a firm belief that her child was not dead, and the horror of its growing up among bad people haunted her perpetually. Her husband lived ten years after her death, and though he never kept up such a constant search as I did, yet he could not forget that there was a chance of his lost daughter's being alive somewhere. 1 think his heart was broken too—more by the loss of his wife, perhaps, than by that of his child. Both parents had been rich, and when the father died he willed all their possessions to their child, who might yet be discovered living in ignorance of her parentage. After a cer tain time, if nothing has been heard of the girl or her descendants, the property will be broken up and divided in chanty. Since the father's death I have never for one moment relaxed my efforts to discover some trace of the child of my friends. I now begin to grow old, and I fear I shall not be able to keep it up much longer. I have cheered my heart many a time, telling ■ myself that the girl would be a daughter to me in my advancing age, and would repay me with her love for all the labour I have had for her. She would now he nineteen years of age. When a child, her hair was dark; it would now be darker stilL Her eyes, I think, would lie grey, the colour of her mother's. I have often fancied I saw a face like what I had pictured her to myself, and spent feverish days in finding out my mistake. Now you know what I meant by k will o' the wisp. Thefacesof the innkeeper and his wife had changed so that they did not seem to be the same persons who had sat there half an hour ago. They now nodded their heads, while neither spoke. " But why say that the will o' the wisp had appeared under our roof?" asked Rosalie, sharply. The old lady trembled wildly, and looked round on the three faces. At this moment Stine appeared coming down the court-yard with a fresh supply of coffee. " My friends ! my friends !" cried the little old lady, stretching out her hands to them, "I believe that there"—pointing to Stine— " comes the child I have been seeking for these many years!" Monseiur Van Melckelieke sprang to his feet, while his wife pushed back her chair, and stared furiously at the stranger. " Madame has lost her mind!" cried monsieur, eyeing the lady with terror. "Ah no, monsieur! Tell me that I am right, or help me to the proof of it. My child has in some strange way been thrown upon your charity. Some feeling of honour makes you wish to keep a secret." " Madame is all wrong," said the man, a little mollified. "The girl is my niece. I will bring you face to face with her mother, she lives at some distance, but she shall be brought here to satisfy you." " Bring her at once," said the old lady. Next morning a coarse, loud-voiced woman came into the inn, and madame the Stranger was summoned to meet her in the garden under the apple tree. All the family were present at the interview—Monsieur, Madame, Rosalie, Stine, and Jacques. "She is my daughter," said the coarse woman; " but I gave her up to my brother for the good of the family. Speak out, Stine, and say if I am not your mother." "I have always known you as my mother," said Stine, shrinking from her. " Dear ma dame,"to the Englishwoman, "give up this fancy. I am grieved to be such a trouble to you." "Help me, good Jacques, to get back to my chamber," said the poor old lady, faintly. That night, very late, when Stine was wearily toiling up her tower staircase, a door opened, and the English madame came out, wrapped in her shawL "My dear," she said, " take me up to your tower room to see the view from your •win dow. It must be fine this starry night. Be sides, I want to talk to you." Stine's little room seemed situated in a star, so high was it above the peaks of the Flemish houses away down in the town below. The cathedral tower looked over at her in ghostly magnificence. Her small lat tice lay open, and the music of the chimes came floating dreamily in as they played their melody through in honour of the midnight hour. The room was cool, dark, and quiet. Madame sat down on Stine's little bed, and the cathedral clock struck 12. "My dear," she said to Stine, "I am not going to afflict you with my trouble. I am used to disappointment, yet there is some thing in this case which is different from ail my. former experiences. I cannot shake off the interest I feel in you. Granted that I am a crazed old woman, still I would like to leave my mark, a good mark, upon your fate. Do not be afraid to speak freely to me, my child. They are harsh to you in this house ?" " They are not very kind." " You would wish to get out of their power, and yec not marry Jacques." " 1 will not many Jacques—Heaven bless him !" " Yet a husband could protect you." " They are not going to kill me; and I am able to bear my life." The little old English madame was silent, reflected a minute, and then began again. " I went out this evening to calm my heart in the cathedral. I found it almost de serted, and full of a solemn peace. I prayed, and became resigned. Having finished, I was resting myself, when I found the painter, Monsieur Lawrence, standing beside me. He addressed me as your friend, and we had some whispered conversation. He talked about you. He loves you. You have repulsed him. Is it possible that you are so bard!" " Madame, I am not hard," gasped Stine after a pause. " I can believe it." " Madame, before I knew Monsieur Law rence I had never loved anything; now it seems as if I could love the whole world for his sake. He is to me all that one lives for, lives by. He is absolutely as my life. I speak extravagantly, madame ; but re member, at least, that 1 did not wish to speak at all." " Go on," urged the little lady. "There was a time," said Stine, leaning on the sill, and gazing over clasped _ hands into the starry outer dimness, "a time when I never thought of checking my love, seeing nothing in it that was not beautiful and good. But I was forced to change my mind. Madame, I will tell you about it. I was sitting one evening in the court-yard at my knitting, and the students were supping in their club-room; the blind was down, the window open. I heard the men's voices talking, but I was not minding what they said. I was thinking of Monsieur Lawrence, of some words that be had said tome, and of the beautiful look that always came into liis eyes when lie saw me. He ■ was away that day, and I always -allowed myself to think of him most when he was at- a distance : it seemed less liold, . somehow, than when he was near. Suddenly I heard his name mentioned in the club 100m, and he became the subject of conver . sation among the students. They spoke of his noble character, and of his genius, and , some one said, ' If he only keeps out of harm's way he has a fine career before him.' ' Then there was confusion of voices, and by . aud bye I learned that the chief thing he had to fear was marriage with a woman as poor . -as himself. Then niv own name was brought into conversation, and there was more con fusion, till a voice said severely, "That indeed, would lie his total ruin.' Madame, the words came out through the window to me, and buzzed aliout my head like fieiy' gnats, and then made their way inward, and settled and burned their way down to mv heart. When I came up here that night I sat down here, and thought about it. At first I said to myself, ' It is un true ; I should help, and not hinder him ; I should work so hard and privation would lie nothing to me.' But soon my mind came round to see the truth. The poorest bread costs money, and a, woman is often in the way. A man of genius must not lie fettered. If he grudges to boil the jlot how shall he soar to his just ambition ? After that I used to go about saying to mv self, to keep up my courage,' I will not lie his ruin. I will not spoil his life.' And then, when one day he found me in trouble, and . asked me to" marry liim, I had strength to refuse him. This is the whole of my secret, niadame. I love him, and will protect him from the harm that I could do him." "My dear," said the Englishwoman, "I believe you are indeed the stufi to make a good wife ; and I warn you not to let your honourable scruples carry you out of reach of . a well-earned happiness that may lie yours. You and Monsieur Lawrence are young, and can wait. Meantime, you need not give the lie to your hearts. Take the word of an old ■ - woman: there is nothing so precious in this world as love, when it is wise ; and especially if it has been made holy by passing through -a little pain." Next evening Stine went to the convent, a mile out of the town, to fetch eggs and melons for the inn housekeeping. Coining back again, along the canal under the poplars, she sat down to rest a minute, with her basket by her side. The sun had set. the brown sails in the canal had . still a red tinge on their folds, and the spires and ]>eaks of the town loomed faint and far through an atmosphere as of gold- dust. Stine's heart liounded with a painful delight as she saw Monsieur Lawrence coming to wards her, under the shadow of the i>oplars. She would have liked to run away, but that was not to be thought of. She rose, however, to her feet, and he came lieside her, and they stood looking at \- each other. "I did not mean to frighten you." he said ; " and I am not going to annoy you. I have come to bid you good-bye, as I leave the town to-morrow. After all that has come and gone. Stine, you will not deny me a kind word at parting ?" " It is 1 letter for you to go, Monsieur Law rence. I hope you will succeed, wherever you are." " I shall do pretty well, I suppose. I .- should have done better, 1 think, if your love had blessed my life. But I will not vex vou about that any more. One thing I ask, that you will let that good old English lady have a care over you." " Do not be uneasy about me. Good-bye, Monsieur Lawrence. I suppose you are now going further up the road ? I am already late; I must get home." "Hard to the last!" said Lawrence, bitterly. . The reproach was too much for Stine ; it broke the ice about her heart, and the waters of desolation poured in upon her. She turned her face, white and quivering, on . Monsieur Lawrence. "Iam not hard " she began, pitifully. "Stine!" he cried, reading her face aright .-at last, and stretching out his anus to her. " Oh, Monsieur Lawrence!" she cried, and fell upon his breast, weeping. " I have been hard," she said, defending herself; " only because I dare not be otherwise. I liave hurt myself more than you. Even now I am wrong. Do not let me ruin you." " You have been very near ruining me," he \- answered ; " but that is past." When Stine came into the inn with the eggs and melons, she was scolded for lieing late; hut Madame Van Melckelieke's abusive words fell aliout her ears like so many rose leaves. , ^ That night, when Stine and the Dame Anglaise were conversing up in the tower, . a tap came at the door, and Monsieur Law rence joined the conference. The three -sat whispering together, barely able to .see one another, by the light of the stars. Here it was arranged that Lawrence should go to Paris and seek his fortune, while ■ Stine, as his betrothed, should remain at her work in the inn. They were to love and trust each other till Lawrence should find himself ready to come and take his wife. 'The chimes rang, the stare blinked, the old lady sat between the lovers, like the good godmother in the fairy tale. Madame was to watch over Stine till Lawrence should come for her, while no one else in the inn was to know the secret but Jacques. Early one morning, while the inn was -asleep, Stine came into the cathedral when the doors were just open, and even the -earliest worshippers were not arrived. She laid a bunch of white flowers upon the step -of the altar, and then Lawrence came beside her, and they vowed their vow of betrothal, .and said good-bye. After this the days went on as usual at La <Jrue. The painters painted in their studio, .and supped in their club-room, and regretted the absent Lawrence, but yet commended him for running away from danger. The Eng lish lady had taken up her residence regu larly at the inn. The landlord was hardly pleased to have her. He always eyed her ^suspiciously, having a fear that that -craze about Stine had not been alto gether banished from her mind. In -this, however, he was wrong. The poor Sittle, wearied-out, lonely lady had gtven m -to fate at last, telling herself that her faith ful search had been in vain, that the child sshe had sought must be long since dead, •thai she needed repose, and might venture ■to indulge her fancy for employing herself ili a Jdnaly care of Stine.. She mme and Jrant ; about the inn, sitting in her little 4 iEftv Chamber looking over at the chimes, civilities in the garden with iSMd madame,. wandering about 4l^nnA.itit old town, poking among ancient ttoguaantpinwwiwafctle Flemi8h did not dare show much Stine, lest the powers that l iiui johould take it in their heads Intern). She had to ltoten -to many a t^er scolding, and wit Sas mMiy an unkind action, and dared ^^T interfere. lett worse might come of H? oSl? at mght, when Stine came to the room of her little friend, did they venture on any intercourse. Then Lawrence's latest news was discussed, and his prospects talked over; and .Stine went to bed as happy as though there were not a scolding tongue in the world. Harshness did not hurt her now as it used to do. She had lost her fragile and woe-begone air; she grew plump and rosy, and her eyes began to shine. She sang over her work, and often smiled to herself with happiness, when no one was by. The elders perceived this change, and pointed it out to .Jacques. "Thou seest," said monsieur, "she is get ting quite pretty. Thou canst not be so stupid as still to refuse to many her." " Pretty ?" cried Jacques; " I do not see it. To my thinking, the Dame Anglaise is pret tier." " At least, she would make a thrifty wife." " Cependant," said Jacques, " she is better as a fellow-servant." "Thou ait too hard to please," said mon sieur angrily, surveying the crooked figure of the little man. "Every man has a right to choose his wife," said Jacques, "and I mean to do better than to marry thatStine." The innkeeper was bathed. "Our affairs stand still," he grumbled to his wife. "The law will not allow you to marry a man against his will. I do not see what we can do." "Wait a bit," said madame: "it is not possible that Jacques dislikes her." "And thou—dost thou also like her?" sneered monsieur. "But that is a different thing," declared madame; "I cannot like a creature who keeps me in fear, and stands in my way." "It is true," groaned monsieur, "she is a bright-eyed mannot, but she keeps us in deadly fear." Whatever the fear was, it preyed upon the master of La Gme. From being merely a bratislily sulky man, he became irritable and violent: even madame, his wife, liegan to moderate her temper, lest, being both in a tiame together, they should burn their establishment to death. He began to vow often to his wife that he would not have that Anglaise in the house a week longer: that he would have Jacques popi>ed into the canal, and Stine shipped off to the antipodes. He would wait 011 his guests himself for the future: his wife should do the cooking, and let Rosalie work at the ironing, and keep the books. His wife soothed him as well as she i was aide, but monsieur was hard to soothe, i and when quiet he was timorous and moody, j He left off eating much, and his flesh began to fall away. i " I feel that I shall have a fever." he com plained, "and when I am raving I shall be sure to tell the story." "Nobody shall come near you but me," said his wife : and, when his fears came to Ire verified, and she put him to bed in a state of delirium, she suff ered no one to help her in the task of nursing him. The little Anglaise came once on tip-toe to the cham ber door to ask how monsieur fared, but madame greeted her with a face so dark that she never cared to venture on this mission again. The crisis of the fever passed, and monsieur was restored to his senses, without having betrayed in his ratings any secret that might Ire rankling in his mind. The inn became more lively, and madame the landlady was persuaded by her daughter to take a drive out of the town for change of air. Monsieur was not able to speak much, I and Jacques was allowed to sit by him till j his wife returned. I "Jacques," said the sick man, faintly, j "They think I am getting letter, but I know I am going to die." | " No, monsieur, no," said Jacques. "I have not long to live, my friend, and you must go for the cure and the maire. : Bring them to me quickly, before my wife comes back." j " But, monsieur " ! " Go, or I shall die on the instant, and my j death will Ire on your head." I Stine had quiet times just now, and she | was in the garden leading against a tree, ; with her knitting-needles clinking in her ' fingers. The Anglaise sat opposite to her, ' and they were talking of Monsieur Law- | reuce. While thus engaged, they saw Jacques, the cure, and the maire coming ! down the court-yard. Monsieur desired to i make liis will and prepare for death, "they j said to one another; and both were shocked. I Some time afterwards Jacques came runningthrough the archway into tliegarden, his face and manner so excited that that the women stood amazed. "Come, madame," he said to the Anglaise, " you are wanted immediately in monsieur's chamber." The Englishwoman followed him wondering, and Stine went back to her kitchen to prepare for supper. Half an hour passed. Stine was standing at the window straining the soup, when she saw the little Anglaise coming hurrying down the court-yard, white faced, her head hanging as if with weakness, missing a step now and then, striking her foot against the stones of the pavement, and feeling, as if blindly, for the door, as she entered the kitchen. She snatched the ladle out of Stine's hand and flung it on the floor, seized the girl by the shoulders, laughed in her face, gave a sob, and fell back swooning into the arms of Jacques ; all of which meant that the will o' the wisp liad turned out a veritable hearth-light at last. "Ah, monsieur le maire, monsieur le cure!" she cried, recovering; "let them come here and tell the story, for my head is still astray, and I want to hear it again. Come out of this place, girl! thou art not Stine, thou art Bertha, daughter of Sir Sydney Ellington, and Milliceut his wife, both of broken- hearted memory, in Devonshire, in England. It is all written down. Jacques, we saw it written down. Will the gentlemen come and read it to us, or will they not ?" The cure and maire came in with solemn faces. Madame sat on a bench, aiid drank from a glass of water, while Jacques stood on guard by her side. Stine retreated, and leaned with her back against the wall look ing doubtfully at these people who had come to change her life. There was no mistake at all about the innkeeper's dying state ment. The nurse who had stolen the child had been* his first wife, from whom he had separated for a time tliat they might earn some money. When she came home to ■liim with the child he, being afraid of her, had helped her to conceal it. He was then a waiter in Paris, and they took up house together, and prospered. She assured him that her motive for stealing the child had been revenge, and that one day, after the parents bad suffered enough, a large reward should be obtained for restoring her to them. With this he had been obliged to be satisfied. His wife set up business its a clear-starcher, and made money enough for the child's support and her own. JJUe used to smudge the child's face with broSTvend dress it in boy's clothing; but she suddenly when it was five years of age.- Then had mon sieur thought of ridding himself of thp burden, but bad been frightened out of his senses by some one whom he had consulted on the subject. He became afraid for his very life at the thought of any one discovering the identity of the girl. Heaviest punish ment, thought he, must be the reward of his daring to restore her to her sorrowing friends. When he came to Dindans as owner of the inn, lie brought with him Stine as his niece, and a strange woman came to live in a cottage outside the town who pre tended to "be his sister-in-law, and the mother of the girl. He had trained Stine to be useful, and, by marrying her to Jacques, had thought to turn her to still further account in his service. No one but his second wife and the pretended mother had ever shared the secret which had sat for years onthis cowardly soul. Now that he was going to die he would shuffle it on. He had always, he declared, meant to tell the truth liefore he died. If the Dame Anglaise had not arrived then, he would have left the story and its proofs with the cure of the town. . , "Gentlemen," said Stine, coming out ot her comer, " let us not disturb the house of death. Madame Van Melckelieke returns, and these things things will not please her. The landlady's voice was here heard, and the maire and the cure disappeared very willingly, while Stine brought the Anglaise away "to her chamber. The poor little^ lady was beside herself, and kept caressing Stine, and telling what tine things were waiting for her. "My child, my little queen !" she said, " my lady of the manor! Ah, wait, my love, till you see your English home!" Stine was quite confounded by the news ; sat silently leaning her face011 her hand, and gazing at her friend. . " 1 do not understand it," she said. She was not willingtofollowtlieideaof any change so complete. It seemed to break up her ex pectation of that striving and hopeful life with Lawrence in Paris. She did not as yet perceive how good it would be for him. Suddenlv the Anglaise gave a shriek. " Jfon Dim > child, you are plighted to a humble artist, Ah ! how fate has been cheat ing us! Why was I such a fool as to counsel such a step"? But it is not yet too late. Monsieur Lawrence must give you up. You shall many in your own rank " Madame '." cried Stine, springing to her feet: " 1 know not anything of your England, and I will have nothing to do with it. If my husband is not fit to be a nobleman there, why, we will lie noble after our own fasliion in our i/rotier in Paris." Then, suddenly perceiving the prosi>erity which her transfor mation would bestow upon Lawrence, she buist into a passion of delight, and knelt, laughing and sobbing, by the side of the bed. " Forgive me, my dear," said the old lady, half terrified ; "my senses are coming back to me, and I love you for that speech. Lawrence is now in London ; let us set out at once, and take him by surprise." Lawrence had finished his business in London, and was 011 the eve of starting for Paris when, returning one night to his lodg ings, he found a note, in a lady's handwriting, waiting for him 011 the table. The writing was not Stine's, and it was not a foreign letter. It announced that Miss Errington liegged him to visit her at her manor-house in Devonshire. Now, who was Miss Erring ton ? for Lawrence had no acquaintance with Erringtons, nor yet with manor-houses. He considered the matter gravely, and finally wrote to Stine, at Dindans, telling her of the occurrence ; also that he had accepted the invitation, hoping to find that- some wealthy connoisseur had taken a fancy to his pic tures. Between bis paragraphs was inserted a comical sketch of this possible patron ; a lady of venerable aspect, with nut-cracker features, and leaning 011 a long staff. It was evening when he arrived at the manor-house, just so light that he could see the rich country through which he was travelling—could* discern, with liis artist eyes, the beautiful wooded lands, which he was told had belonged to the Erringtons for numberless generations. He dressed for dinner in a handsome, old-fasliioned cliaui lier, and was conducted to the drawingroom. The door closed behind him, and he was 111 a room softly lighted, in which everything was rich, antique, tasteful, beautiful. A lady sat by the fire alone—a young and graceful figure, clothed in soft white draperies. She rose as he approached, but kept her face averted. He saw the lovely and familiar outline of a cheek, a head with a crown of braided hair, yet for one moment more he did not know' that upon tliis home-hearth humed for him, now and evermore, that life-light which had once been called a will o' the wisp. The lady turned her face, and Lawrence, bowing, advanced a step. Then, suddenly, there arose a sort of cry from two voices, rent by passionate surprise, and joy took eternal possession of the lives of these happy lovers. Looking round the circle as the lady's story ended amidst a general burst of approbation, Mr. Rufus P. Croffut detected one exception to the general rule. This was a fat, heavy-looking German, who stood hard by, shaking his head with vast solemnity, and who, on being questioned, declared that love stories were only fit for boys and girls, and that, for his part, he preferred something stronger. The president saw his opportunity at once. "Then, I guess," he said, "you can tell us something better yourself?" A grim smile for a moment lighted up the German's features. "Ja wohl," he nodded. "You shall see. I shall make the ladies' flesh creep. So." And, removing the great pipe which had hitherto adorned his lips, he continued somewhat to this effect URSULA'S HATE. It was just a week after the wedding of the rich farmer, Michael Straus, aud Ursula Htinwitz, the belle of the small old town of Meitzlierg, when the first adventure, in the story I am going to relate, occurred. A peaceable man of 40, short and very fat, who loved his neighbour and loved good liquor, and a pipe at least as well, was trudging home to this town of Meitzberg, at about 10 oclock at night. His name was Peter Schraiedler, and he was on this particular occasion sober, for he bad been supping with a rich old aunt, who lived at the other side of the pine wood, and who, although in other reBpects an excellent old woman, was a rigid stickler for ternper aUFrom this repast he had taken his depar ture, as I mentioned, sober; and specially regretted being in that state of disadvantage while on his solitary night march, through a mile aud more of thick' forest, which was reputed to be haunted by all sorts of malig nant sprites; and then, for a good half mile more, by the margin of a lake, infested by no less formidable Nixies or water-demons. Clouds were slowly drifting across the sky, and spreading a curtain, broken only at intervals, over the moon. The darkness was profound as the path entered the forest, and the light wind, before which the clouds were driving, made a melancholy moaning in the tops of the trees, , Peter Schmiedler's courage melted quite away, as he stole along the haunted path, which at times, when the clouds became denser, grew so dark that he could scarcely, as they say, see his hand before him. Holding his breath ; sometimes listening; often stopping short, or even recoiling a step, as if some sudden noise among the branches, or the screech of the owl from its "lonely bower" in the forest nooks scared him ; thus he had got on, till he had reached about the midway point in his march. . As the wind subsided a little, to his inex pressible terror, be became distinctly aware of the sound of a footstep accompanying him, within a few feet of his side. . i . When the wind lulled again, the stride of his unseen companion was more plainly audible upon the dry peat, or crunching the withered sticks that Jay strewn over the pathway. When he first perceived the step, that accompanied him, Peter once or twice stopjied short, as I said, to ascertain whether the sounds might not be but the echo of his own steps. But too surely they were nothing of the kind, for they were on each occasion continued for some few paces after he had come to a stand-still; and then his silent companion also stopped. Whatever this being might be that walked by bis side in the dark, Peter could endure the suspense no longer. He stopjied again, and made an effort to speak, but his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth ; and it was not until he had repeated his eff ort twice or thrice that he found voice to adjure his companion to declare who lie was. Hereupon this unseen companion spoke suddenly, in a harsh and vehement voice : " I'm a deserter," replied he. There was nothing very human in the tone ; and even assuming the speaker to be a creature of tlesli and blood, a deserter was likely to lie a desperate character, and by 110 means a pleasant companion for a fat little fellow with some silver in his jiurse to light on in such a lonely jiath. Peter and his unseen companion walked 011 for nearly live minutes more, side by side, before Peter sjioke again. Every moment he fancied that the stranger would spring at his throat and strangle him. Having got his hand against the stem of a tree, he halted suddenly, stejiped behind it, and thus protected, addressed his unseen companion once more. "A deserter?" he blurted out, "a deserter from where ? a deserter from what ?" "A deserter from hell!" answered the same fierce, coarse voice.and something smote the ground—a furious stumj) or a blow of a club—that made the hollow peat tremble with its emphasis. Peter's heart jumjied ; he had vague : thoughts of backing softly away among the trees and losing himself in the forest, till morning. But he had heard, or had fancied, such unearthly sounds among the lira, such boomings and hootings from the distant glades that night, and was still so uncertain as to the powers and puipose of the unknown, that he preferred his chance 011 the path lie knew to embarking in new and, possibly, more terrible adventures among the solitary recesses of the forest. It now occurred to him, that he might possibly steal a march 011 his persecutor, lie listened ; there was no step now ; the wretch was waiting for him. Very softly, he made one short step 011 the light mossy ground, and another perfectly noiseless stej>, and a third as cautious, ana so 011, till he had made made some forty or fifty yards. But as, with throbbing heart, lie was half congratulating himself 011 his sup posed escape, and was tiji-toeing along at a swifter pace, close beside liini the same startling voice said: "You shall see me presently." If a cannon had gone off within a yard of Peter's elbow, the sound could not have astounded him more. He staggered side ways, with a gasp; and when he recovered himself a little, he made up his mind to walk steadily along the path, the line of which lie could only trace by looking upward, and watching the irregular parting of the trees overhead. Guided by this faint line, he stumped on, with knees bending with fear; and, at last, just as the moon broke through the driving clouds, and shone clear over plain and lake, and 011 the quaint little town of Meitzberg, not a quarter of a mile away, he emerged from the forest, with his companion by his side. That companion was a tall, broad-shoul dered grenadier of Vauderhausen's regiment of musketeers, dressed in the old-world uniform. His blue coat, with red facings, and garniture of yellow worsted lace, was obscured by the dust of his journey, as were his long gaiters; his small three cornered hat was jiowdered with the same ; his ruffles were soiled and disordered, and his white vest nothing the better for his long, forced march. In his hand he carried an enormously long musket. His face looked grim and savage beyond description, and there was a straight red scar along his cheek, from his nose to his ear. A fine smell of brandy accompanied this warrior; and the very smell infused courage into the heart of Peter Schmiedler. He was satisfied that the grenadier was a mortal; but a liaug-dog, dangerous- looking mortal as ever he liad set eyes on. The soldier took Peter in the grip of his right hand, a little above the elbow, and held lum, while he questioned him, staring all the time savagely in liis eyes. " Look ye, comrade, you had best speak truth, and shortly, for I don't care the spark of a flint for man or devil, and I'd shoot you through the head as soon as wink." lie struck the butt of the long musket furiously on the ground, and Peter recog nised the sound that, in the forest, he had mistaken for the stroke of a club. "As I hope for mercy, I'll answer you traly, ask what you will," whispered he; " but pray, sir, don't hurt me so; you're pinching my aim like a thousand devils." " Is it true(" said the grenadier, squeez ing his arm tighter as he went on, " that Lreula Hiimvitz lias married Michael Straus ? Yes, or no—quick!" ."Yes. yes; it is true!" screamed Peter. They are married—a week ago. I saw it • I was at it; I supped there and drank their healths. "Ay, I guessed it would so turn out" said the man, in a tone 110 longer of auger but of deep dejection. "The news came that it was fixed. It came in a letter to Eicholas Spielman, the halberdier." The soldier still held Peter fast by the arm, hut no longer with a grip that hurt him so much. " I left my quarters," resumed the soldier, the night I heard it; I knew I should not be missed till beat of drum in the morning. 1 have travelled, -011 foot, every day, twelve leagues since, Thirty-six leagues, a long march, and, for a reason, 1 carried this with me. He knocked the butt of his musket, this time lightly, on the ground.' "Come down here, Peter Schmiedler, with me; I must show you a thing or two, and give you a message." * - His hand tightened as he said this, and he marched leter about two-score yards, down to the margin of the lake. Ho ! said Peter, to himself, in wonder, " he knows my name, and to mviZ?5 I never Bet eyes on him before " "It is four years and a half." <, soldier, "since I shouldered thin^l4ltl< and parted with Ursula Hiinwitz very spot. She was eighteen: I Li1.^ rniirtiiiff her for two vp/iro • ^ Itoh lie true, each to other, till the/ 'W° You know me, now, who suddenly pausing. 1k>& Yes, it is; I m nans « ouve'rheim » " By my soul, Hans, I didh't know. How awful ugly you ve grown' r 1 I.. . A.. 1 I ^ t ' * ill manly; you're a foot taller, almost—n,lti ,r devil of a scar! The mooiHiad^ now got^ out of the banks into blue sky ; and her light was 0uT and brilliant, 5 HaS8Nf "I'm Hans Wouverheim, that Mf ... A «<AAlnlit f/\,l «• n«,rl a L_ie * toil spot, a recruit, four and a half venr*. Look at the butt of this musket; here tor5® I show you. With her bodkin I bc^mS the first letters of her name. Look' Look here! Here's her liair." ' He pulled out from his breast a little don. bag, true blue, like Ins coat, and inside \ was another, of silk, and within that i iL lock of golden hair. lon! "There it is," he cried, "I kept it since; it has been with me in battle . „ bivouac. Curse it!" He thrust it back quickly. " 1 told her," lie continued, "I'd *i,a mil . oi,o>j i way up the hill; that she'd hear of Hani Wouverheim wherever thunder and laureh were going. I have seven musket wounds and this thinghe drew his finger alonmb scar. "I have led the life of a dog jv slept in the mud for weeks, I've been hall starved, I've been a month at a time without bread or biscuit—with nothing but rooms and onions—sometimes acorns and apples. 1 bore all—I feared nothing— what , caved I for bullets? I'm a corporal, you see and I'm first on the list for sergeant, and i I have 286dol. prize-money, and—I did all for her sake ! What do you think I deserted for and marched nigh 40 leagues in three davs* 1 came to see Ursula, and to shoot her through ie heart. But I'll not shoot her; I'll for, her the heart. But 111 not shoot her; I'll for, her : live, and think on what she has done. She'll ' have her punishment time enough." The wild manner in which this musketeer ! was talking made Peter Schmiedler veryun. comfortable indeed. It was plain the man was either mad or desperate; and there he was, breathing death and slaughter, with his firelock in his hand, his bandolier on, with his jiowder charges dangling from it in a row, and the bourse of bullets apparently well tilled. "There's a round dozen of lives there!" thought l'eter, with a qualm, "and I'd wager a pot of wine liis matchlock is charged. And, then, his rapier! A power ful fellow like that, driving right and left with a sword, why he could take Meitzberg and all that's in it, if it only came into his head to try!" IjOok : inena reter, saia tue soldier, "you live in the High-street of Meitzlierg. here, opposite the sign of tlie Cheese and Flagon, and you think, before ten minutes, you'll be sitting there telling your story. Now, mark me, you'll never sit there arain for I'll club my musket and knock your brains out here, unless you swear to give my message and do as I tell you. What do you say?" he shouted, in his wild, startling tones. "Himmel! why need you be excited, Hans? I swear with pleasure," said Peter. "Well, when I part with this firelock, which will be in a few minutes, you take it, and show the letters U. H., and tell all the rest I told you, and all you are going to hear and see, faithfully to Ursula Hiinwitz Straus, Ursula Straus ! curse them both and tell her she has been the ruin of me, body and soul, and that Hans Wouverheim. when he was leaving you, said that he would take her hair with him where he's going, and will never forget her oath. She swore her j heart was mine, and sooner or later her own j false heart will work out its own punishment. There's my message to her. Do you under j stand it ?" "Perfectly,"8aid Peter. " And now another shorter message," re sumed the grenadier. " I have been an honourable soldier, up to this, and it shan't he said I wronged my sovereign. Take my ! firelock, when you have 6een Ursula, to fire 1 magistrate, to keep for the military com • missioner ; place in his hands, moreover, , this sum"—he put an old leathern purse in I the hands of Peter Schmiedler as he spoke I —" which is the official price of my uniform | and my sword ; tell him I owe no man any j thing, having paid that price to my sovereign ' and paid my life to Death, to whom alone I j owe it. And remember, if you fail to fulfil i your promise to me, so sure as ever man re turned to the living, I will come and plague you for it," With these words he dropped his musket to the ground, drew his sword, and catching it in both hands by the blade, drove the point with a fierce stab into his breast, Btaggered back a step or two, and fell over the bank headlong into the lake, which was there very deep, with a loud splash. Peter, throwing up both his hands, utterea a howl of terror as he witnessed the cata strophe. Half a dozen steps brought him. fjj the water, and he saw the circles that suu chased one another outwards from the centre of disturbance, glimmering in the moonlight! hut 110 sign of the uuhappy musketeer « visible. . He watched for a few seconds; a liwe longer; for a minute—for two or three min utes; the chill horror that was enentiy stealing over liim culminated at length, ana with a shudder and sometliing like a pray® he recoiled. He picked up the musk®'1, which, if it had not been for the threat 0 tlie soldier, he assuredly would not na» touched, and ran homeward as fast as fellow with short legs and a consweiau paunch, carrying a heavy musket wsi > could well be expected to do. . ., At the town, late as it was, he soon 110° large and eager audieuce about him-. . . He was so anxious to actyuit lumseu HanB Wouverheim's commission,, wj® horribly afraid of a visit that very mghttw, his vengeful ghost, that, musket ui has > and accompanied without delay by a®" dozen townsmen, he knocked at ncn ia«" Straus's door. „.r The farmer and his wife were at suppe^ but, on a veiy urgent message, tue ** , Pastor and Peter Schmiedler were miffed- . ,, w oilk. Tlie bride was dressed m a rioh shots . such as you sometimes see in oM. v pictures. She bad lace and go!Idien 01 mentson, for it was the pride of tue fellow, her husband, that Ins wealth ah ^ declare itself in the dress and decoratio his beautiful bride. .,. ,„„f , The farmer, a short sauarefeUow W "® four-nnd-fifty, with big hands, an iron#e( bullet-head, beard and moustache, an. solemn face frith small suspicious ejea, from his seat, with his beard drippm® frtiyj, ana a till glass of Ithenish wine ^Both wife and husband looked surprised, and their eyes turned from Peter to the Iferr . Pastor and back again, for it was not easy to divine what had brought thein together, . peter being by no means a meet companion J for holy men. , ' The tanner invited his visitors to supper, , i,ut theHerr Pastor had already had his: i an<j Peter, after the sights he had seen, had 1 Jio appetite left. Straus pointed towards Peter's hands. •' What's that for ?" said the farmer who Jiad been eyeing the musket jealously. Upon this invitation Peter started, and when he had shown the initials scratched upon the stock of the gun, and reported all that Hans Wouverheim had narrated: " What a wicked pack of lies !" exclaimed t..1 nf |lor )lpnJj the lady, with a scui.nu. ^ .— " What a queer story ! said her husband. "Hans Wouverheiiu, indeed !" she ex <'1"Done with a bodkin !" said the farmer. "Why 1VIV ' vnn tnfl' to say you bel The farmer ...» »»»» "Well," said he, perhaps he has done the most sensible thing lie could." "If lie has killed himself he must have been out of his mind ; and being so, his story isn't worth a pin ; and why should you or 1, dearest, let it vex us ?" said the lady. " It don't vex me, said the farmer; "but I think his friends should fish up the body, ami have it buried, decently, in the church vard. I only want to be sure he did kill himself; a rascally deserter is so full of tricks ; they'd stop at nothing." "There, there," said t Peter, uneasily, "don't—pray, don't. He's at the Irottom of the lake, as dead as that stone jar. In the name of all that's good let us speak with jespect of the dead." "And as to laying him 111 the cliurcli-yard," 6aid the Herr Pastor, "I fear that would hardly consist with our laws, seeing that the unhappy man has committed, as Peter Sehmiedler assures us, deliberate self murder." .... "I don t see why, with all reverence, even so, he should not have a grave in a corner of the churchyard, where 110 one else wants : to lie," said Peter, who felt that Hans might : hold him accountable for his exclusion from | holy ground. " And as you were so good as | to offer ine a glass of that kirschwasser, I'll | change my mind and take it, with your good leave," he added, addressing himself to the fanner. I'eter had never drunk so many drams before in so short a time as he had since his last look at the ill-starred musketeer, yet lie was not tipsy, and he could not expel the unearthly terror that lay cold and heavy as death at his heart. Never did he wish so fervently to be drunk, and never had he experienced the same difficulty in approaching that generally facile goal. The beautitul Frau ursuianurauswas never bo ray and animated. The good minister was Blocked at it, and it even increased Peter's nervous horrors. Every possible thing was liejnjT said and done to exasperate the offended spirit of Hans Wouverheim, and Peter was sure that, however innocent he might he, to him the dead soldier's tirst visit would be paid. Shrewder people would, perliaps, have sus pected that the pretty and heartless bride was concealing her own anxieties and endeavour to mislead her husband's awakened jea mg u lousy by this demonstration of more than usual hilarity. It was growing late, and the Herr Pastor took his leave, accompanied by Peter Sehmiedler, grown on a sudden from one of the most insignificant to be one of the most important of the inhabitants of Meitzberg. In the kitchen of the Cheese and Tankard thirsty souls made an excuse of the amazing occurrence which Peter had witnessed to sit up later than usual over their cans and pipes. The rest of the town slept as usual, and poor Hans Wouverheim more soundly, let us hope, tlian he had done since the fatal news of the marriage of Ursula Hiinwitz had reached him. That beautiful young lady and her hus band, it was said, had some uncomfort able and rather sharp talk that night over Peter Schmiedler's odd revelations ; and early next morning, before daybreak, the itich man went off in a huff to one of his farms about eight leagues distant from Meitz berg. The Frau Ursula sent to beg the minister to pay her a visit, and when lie came he found the lady in team. „ "Only think, good Herr Pastor," cried slie, my husband has been upbraiding me ever ®uce that drunken rogue Peter Sehmiedler came in here last night, under your protec tion, to tell that cock-and-a-huil story, not word in 50 of which has even a colour of truth. All he alleges Hans to liave said of rod those scratches on the firelock— nnich I am certain Peter made with his <wn penknife—is, from beginning to end, an aroint he, as you will see in a moment if you renect Hans Wouverheim, you know, never nad a crown piece to bless himself with. Why e listened to him ? I hope it was Jf supposed tliat I wns reduced to look at cn as he; and now here's my fool of a hus fa,M°ue off from his comfortable home, fnii^Jf J j01?,1 know what, with his head thio ■ ~all for what? Just RinnS'ou.came here to gain admis him , notorious sot, and countenance bonest families."6 t0 8°"' dUseu8ion iu of pptc,rUcafau?'l.sajd t,ie roinister, "part nndoubLi Iuiedlers "active has proved •muoubtedly true, for H.a *i.i — heteer *or ^ tbe mus i,:. the sword Btill stuck through 11 1) rilio 1. , H"",u on 11 ULUCK. uirougn half an hi,.88 n 8®t out of the lake only % Kielwh»ri£®0' a 'ias keen identified Plaate wW,« e *W*er. and by old Martha S a™ .uiu WUIM W lUUK' «iey tound the two little bags, one of silk Mid one of cloth, one inside tlie other, the lock of iiajr as described by It is no lock of mine," said the lady, iJJJ 1 $?n t; care a "isb whether it is the 5W of Hans or of any other trumpery sol dier; there is not so much truth as would fit 7,a Pmt's eye in the ridiculous story that v ^eter chooses to put into lus I0?"1' It could have had no effect if you Z IM® c,°»e with that rascal under your i'n«' jyou ^ave done mischief, Herr Sr' aila,ave sowing quarrels in your ^ ;. And, with all respect I say, you had light "UleW 10 ^ere, you aid, lost ^ Madam Ursula showed the lent Gentleman the door with an excel vittue injured innocence and offended ent°t^yi^^» 8?naewhat inconsistently, she u1^. h ^'Wit from .Peter Sclimiiedler. «u cried ber tears and recovered her olnao= ; , rcara ana recovered ner id received him in a dignified * jected. , i er pld lover had thmkshdltadft hankering. It had occurred to her that he might probably have entrusted these very rix- ! dollars, by way of a legacy for her, to the care of Peter, who was not unlikely to have appro priated them. A private purse would have been rather a convenient resource while her husband continued contumacious ; but there was no witness but Peter himself, and that hope proved barren ; and Peter made his bow. relighted his pipe in the hall, and returned to his pot of beer in the Cheese and Flagon. llans Wouverheim having been fully iden tified, was shrouded and coffined at the expense of the town. He was the last scion of a family, once important, whose name figures not obscurely in the old records of Meitzberg. Being a suicide, he was buried with all those somewhat revolting precau tions necessary to prevent his reappearance among the townfolk as a vampire ; for in those days the superstition to which the gentleman who told the first story has al ready alluded still lingered in Meitzberg, as in other places here and there throughout Germany. I don't know that Ursula was quite so hard hearted as she affected to be. People said she was fond of Hans, although she played him the unlucky matrimonial trick that cost him his life. Her husband being a jealous fellow, however, she was obliged to stifle her regrets, and pretend to be gay and careless. But the servants said she was sometimes found cry ing alone ; and she undoubtedly grew more and more sour and sharp with Michael Straus, who used to fight his battles, at first, stoutly enough; but in the long run was worn out, and became, it was believed, henpecked and unhappy. Thus four years passed, and Ursula had lost nothing of her beauty—nothing of her high spirits and giddv vanity -nothing of the cruelty and pride which people ascribed to her ; and she had gained a good deal, it was thought, in two qualities that don't always go together—cunning and audacity. The town of Meitzberg, I must tell you, has its fete day. It is known as the eve of Saint Berthilda, who in Catholic times was the patroness of the pretty little town, and is still held in respect as an excellent excuse for a holiday, and a feast and a dance in the evening 011 the grass, between the old wall and the margin of the lake. On the day before this gala, which occurs toward the end of September, the town was in consternation ; for a hurricane, unexam pled in that region for suddenness and vio lence, had visited Meitzberg, stripping roofs, dislodging weathercocks, smashing windows, and whirling wooden pigeon-houses, gar den palings, tubs, and all sorts of incongru ous articles high into the air, and strewing fields, for half a mile eastward, with their fragments. But the storm had not stopped at these freaks ; it consummated in a few moments of fury what the short surge of the lake, under the influence of the west wind, had been pottering over for years. The bank of the churchyard overhanging the lake had long been partially undermined by the water. The civic authorities had inspected, cogitated, planned, and done everything, in fact, but repair tlie old wall, which had for centuries resisted the wear and tear of that ceaseless ripple. The gale had cut the matter short. A great piece of the bank had tumbled into the lake, carrying with it the grave, headstone, and coffin of the unfortunate Hans Wouverheim, who had been buried in that out-of-the-way corner of the ancient cemetery, and the out cast lay now many fathoms under the level of the water, in his rotten coffin, never to be brought to light again. There was a good deal of disgust and indig nation. There were also many gloomy inqui ries of a superstitious kind; and some people, learned in that sort of lore, declared that although Hans, so long as he lay in the churchyard, could not return to plague his survivors, yet that now, released from stake and cross, and immersed in another element, he might emerge among the demons who sometimes appeared 011 the margin of the lake, to affright or hurt the solitary pas senger. These spectral conjectures, however, were interrupted by the bustle of preparation, and the anticipation of a general merrymaking, and the sunshine of a glorious day filled men and girls with other thoughts, and chased away the lingering vapours of super stition. The young Baron Von llamer, handsome, courteous, and immensely rich, had arrived at the chateau at the other side of the lake, and a whisper had reached the town that he was not unlikely, in strict incognito, and as if quite accidentally, to drop in in the course of the evening, to take part in the innoceut gaieties of this rural festival. The chateau of the rich young baron, of whose splendour and generosity they had heard so much, was al .out two and a half miles distant across the water: and as the tents were being erected, and other preparations were pressed forward, in the course of the afternoon, many tele scopes were directed toward that particular point, and it was reported that a boat was being manned at the steps of the terrace, under the walls of the baronial castle. This interesting inspection was, however, interrupted, for a thin mist that had been rising at the other side of the lake grew rapidly denser, and just at the most interest ing moment, when people had appeared at the top of the steps, and had begun to de scend, it ceased to ue transparent, and half a dozen curious glasses that fiad been directed to that point were, one after another, reluc tantly lowered, and only wistful looks were turned, now and then, in that direction. The curtain had fallen. The fog spread and thickened, and now it lay upon the water like a white barrier of clouds between Meitz berg and the distant shore. The sky above was beautifully clear, and a full moon that night would lend all its peculiar splendour to the fete. It was to be hoped that this fog, which seemed steadily advancing, would not spoil all by invading the grassy platform on which the tents anu lumps were placed, and envelope the town itself. Farmer Straws was away at the great fair of Loenthal, buying and selling stock; but that did not prevent his gay and beautiful young wife from coming down, attended by her maid, to enjoy the feBtive scene. It would certainly have been no harm if that pretty young matron had been a little more circumspect. Dancing, on these occasions, usually began about sunBet, and was continued by torch and lamplight, or under the beams of the moon, as the case might be, till about 10 o'clock ; and now tlie evening was closing in of the mist; and as this glorious light flooded the scene, a distant blast of trumpets and other wind instruments came sweetly over the waters, ft was probably a mile away, musicians were still hid and the boat and the ] in the mist Ursula was secretly delighted; she had set her heart on winning the admi ration of the young baron whose visit they had been led to hope for, All was going well; the fog had ceased to advance, and was now thinning. The dancing had began ; people were absorbed in the stirring scene. and had all forgotten the baron—all excipt Ursula. ! And now the sun was down, torches blazed redly under the edge of the forest, and coloured lamps gleamed from the tents; while over all the glorious moon shed her silvery lustre. The quick ear of Ursula caught the sound of music on the lake again, much nearer, but also fainter. She saw a boat pulled by four men in livery, and containing a number of musicians in a fantastic uniform, and one handsomely- dressed gentleman in velvet and gold lace. He disembarked, followed by two servants, one carrying a violin, the other a fife. The rest remained in the boat. Ursula's heart beat quick as she saw this cavalier approach. He drew near the linden tree, round which was the principal gather ing, and introduced himself in a manner so courtly, shaking hands with everybody in the friendliest way, that all hearts were won in a moment; and at length he came to Ursula, smiled, offered her his ann, and walked with her, back and forward in the moonlight, along the edge of the bank. His two ser vants followed, and his boat, some little way out, rowed also slowly back and forward, now and then sending forth a plaintive swell of music. Ursula and the young stranger seemed soon to become deeply interested, and talked with their heads close together. More eyes were watching than she suspected, and they saw the courtly stranger and Ursula exchange rings. This was, certainly, an odd proceeding, and we can't wonder that a little buzz of surprise, and even consternation, from the decorous townspeople of Meitzberg greeted this piece of by-play. Presently, the stranger led his beautiful partner towards the linden tree, and signed to his two servants, who instantly struck up a merry tune; and he and she, hand in hand, began to dance to the music with such exqui site grace, lightness, and spirit, that the ad miration of the assembly drew them nearer and nearer. The dancers, meanwhile, were moving in the direction of the lake ; they were now footing it on the very bank. More fantastic and wonderful grew the dance the nearer they drew to the edge, over which, suddenly, with a bound, both dancers dis appeared ; the fife and viol each emitted a wild, mocking scream, that chilled the lis teners with horror. From the boat, a strange thunder of music swelled, and the hollow laughter of many shrilly voices. As the crowd rushed forward, the mist came rolling in like the dense smoke of cannon. Everything was veiled from view by the white fog, that had broken its bounds and was already surging half way up to the town. The fog became so thick that one could not see the biaze of a torch more than two yards away; and then only like a red halo. The frolic was over; no search was possible ; and knocking their noses against walls and trees, the crowd in consternation groped its way 6lowly back to Meitzberg. Next morning the lake was dragged, and later in the day two bodies were found—one was that of Ursula, it is alleged, with a dreadful rent in her breast, at the left side, through which her heart had been torn ; her wedding- ring was gone, and in its stead a ring of iron, such as was fixed, in old times, to the pummel of a soldier's sword. The other was the black and swollen coipse of a tall man, on whose finger, im possible to be removed without cutting it off, was found the wedding-ring of Ursula Straus. Fanner Straus was, he declared, inconsol able ; and certainly he never married again. He declined reclaiming the bridal ring, so horribly profaned; and the iron one is still to be seen in the armoury of the old town-house of Meitzberg. The executioner of Spieldaam, crossing the lake just then, said tliat the corpse which had been taken out of the lake with Ursula's was that of a man whom he had himself hanged a week before, and which had been stolen off tlife gallows at night. The prevailing opinion, however, in his native town was, that the mysterious stranger was no other than that of Hans Wouverheim. As the German replaced his pipe between his lips, with a grim chuckle, a man in a slouched hat and a heavy overcoat approached the outer edge of the circle, and shading his eyes with Iris hand, peered eagerly forward, as though in search of some one. An instant afterwards Croffut quietly rose, and joining the stranger, entered into eager talk with him, and they walked away together. This action had not passed unnoticed by Harry Middleton, who associating it, he scarcely knew how, with the idea of news of Myra Otis, felt his heart sink within him, and did not dare to think of the errand on which his friend had been summoned. The narration of the stories had had on Harry ju6t the effect which the first speaker, the French gentleman, had intended. Listening to them, he had temporarily forgotten the pain he suffered and the anxiety under which lie was labouring, but now his mind had re verted to the old theme, and was nursuius it with painful activity. Was it possible that there could be any foundation for the story which the hackman had told to Croffut; was it not more likely that the whole thing had been invented by his ready-witted new-found friend for the purpose of quieting him, and preventing him, in his burnt and jaded state, from attempting to prosecute his search? The hotel clerk could, not have been wrong, and Harry had distinctly heard him say that a lady had been left in the rooms occupied by Judge Otis, In that case, Myra must have perished. The thought was too much for Harry Mid dleton, and he made up his mind, come what might, to go among the people whose dim, shadowy forms he saw stretched out all round him, and ascertain for himself whether or not Myra was there. He could slip away un observed now, for the eyes of all were fixed on the storyteller who had succeeded the German, so he rose quietly, and though with infinite pain, managed to drag himself along for about 50 yards. Then he stumbled and fell, and there he lay helpless. He had not strength enough to rise again; a drowsy numbness was stealing over him, and he felt as though his senses were leaving him. Once again he dashed through the raging flame, scaled the sinking staircase, and gained the room. But this time Myra was there-<-there in the far corner of the room, between which and the spot on which he stood yawned an abyss of fire. She screamed aloud; she stretched her hands imploring towards him, and then And then—he felt two soft arms placed round his neck, two warm lips pressed upon his oWn. " My darling!" were the wbrds to which1 he awoke/and saw Myra kneeling by his side. , L*,v . "The hackman warn't lying drat all," said Rufua P. Croffut, who, witfc Judge Otis, was standing by. "But you see the than drove the jedge and the gal to the lake side, where there was thousands of others a-refugin'—he arn't listening to me one bit, and it arn't like he should! But that's a pooty sight, jedge," he added, point ing to the lovers. " I like to see young Bull in the arms of his American beauty ! That's what's the matter! Take about Allybarmers and sech-like gas! He had direct claims on the gal, and went through fire and water for her!" "And got consequential damages," said the judge, with a smile, pointing to Harry's wounded arm. 