AN ODE TO THE QUEEN. O toTAx to tbe royal in thyself, And loyal to thy' land, as this to thee— Bear witness, that reincmberable day When, pale as yet, and fever-worn, the Prinoe, Who scarce baa pluck'd his flickering life again From halfway down the shadow of the grave, Past with thee thro' thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, .uifi Inn? leagues of man And welcome ! witness, too, the silent cry, The prayer of many a race and creed, and clime — Thundei-less lightnings striking under sea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us ' Ivoep you to yourselves ; So loyal is too costly ! Friends — your love Is but a burthen : looso the bond aud go.' Is this the tone of empire F here tho faith That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voioe And meaning, whom the roar of Hougoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven? What shock has fool'a her 6ince, that she should speak So feeble 'i wealthier — wealthier — hour by hour ! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half lost among her seas ? There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy prince ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean-empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle. That knows not her own greatness : if she knows And dreads it we are fall'n. — But thou, my Queen, Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Rather than Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from mountain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one Touch'd by tbe adulterous linger of a time That hover'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements : take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours : for some are scared who mark Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy truck lings to the transient hour, And ficrce or careless looseners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn of simple life, Or Cowardice_, the child of lust for gold, Or Labour, with a groan and' not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'n from Franco, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm : the goal of this great world Lies beyond sight: yet— if our slowly-grown And crown'd Republic's crowning common-sense, That saved her many times, not fail — their fears Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. Tennvson. 