The Week. The Department of Lands offer for tender for the term of ten years oyster beds at the Clyde and its tribu taries, at the Shoalhaven and Crookhaven Eivere and their tributaries, at Wallis Lake and its ijjibutaries (Cape Hawke), and at Broken Bay and its tributaries. The annual meeting for the York-street branch of the Australasian Missionary Society was held on the evening of Monday last, in the Centenary Church. After devotional exercises, the chair was taken by the Rev, W« Curnow, whose introductory address was followed by the reading of extracts from the report of the society by the Rev. W. Fidler. Last year's income of the society amounted to £13,917 — for which they were . largely indebted to the large-hearted liberality of the mission churches in ihe South Seas, who sent up the sum of £6577 in cash, and oil the proceeds of which brought £1004. The contributions of this circuit amounted to *iui bs. dq. xne expenditure reacnea £13,250— thus leaving £666 to the credit of the Homa Committee. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. H. H. Gaud, J. B. Portrey, B. J. Meek, and George Martin. A doxblogy and the benediction brought tho meeting to a close, which, considering the unfayourabla state of the weather, was well attended. Rather a warm discussion took place on Toes day at the Sydney Municipal Council meeting, upon the consideration of tenders for leasing the Corporation Baths, WooUoomooloo - Bay. The principal tenders were those of Messrs. M'Qujgg (the present lessee) and Von Hammer, the latter offering the highest price, namely, £260 annually for five years. He also undertook to make certain improvements in the baths. There appeared to be considerable difference of opinion as to the relative merits of the two tenders, but the matter was eventually decided in Von Hammer's favour by the casting vote of the Mayor. Mr. Chapman threatened to give notice for rescinding the motion, but the majority of the Council seemed to be averse to stultifying themselves. Tbe Sydney United Omnibus Company have sent in an application to the Corporation for permission to construct a tramway in George-street and other thorough fares, upon the plan adopted iu London, Glasgow, and other cities of the United Kingdom. They undertake to maintain that portion of the roadway between the rails, and to use the omnibuses to feed the tramway lines. It will be remembered that a short time back Mr. Larsen laid a similar proposition before the Council, but no decision has yet been arrived at in regard to the queetien. The death of Mr. Thomas Charles, M.C.S., is reported by the mail per China. He was for twenty years a medical practitioner in Sydney, Kiama, Maitland, and finally in Sydney again. The de ceased was a kind and public spirited man, well known as a temperance advocate, and for some years a deacon in the Congregational Church, in Pitt- street. In 1853, he came out with the Rev. Mr. Becher, now minister of St. James' Episcopal Church, Melbourne, as a deputation from - the British and Foreign Bible Society. His grandfather was the Rev. Mr. Charles, of Bala, who originated that important institution. Mr. Charles' life was insured intha Australian Mutual Provident Society for £500. On Saturday Admiral Roussin, accompanied by his staff, the French Consul M. Courtin, and the captains of the several French merchantmen in harbour, accepted an invitation from the Freneh residents in Sydney. A number of 'drags' started from the Circular Quay at 1 p.m. to convey the party to Botany, the object of this excursion being to convey officially to Captain Thomas Watson the thanks of the French community for the great amount of trouble and care he has taken in obtaining from Govern ment the means of repairing and preservingthe monument which was erected on the North Head of Botany in 1820, to mark the spot where the celebrated navigator La Percuss landed prior to sailing on his ill-fated voyage to ' Vamkaro,' where he met his death. Although suffering from a severe1 cold, Captain Watson accompanied the party ; and, after a slight collation, provided by Compagnoni, Admiral Roussin conveyed to Cap'ain Watson the thanks which he considered him so justly entitled to. Health and long life to Captain 'Watson was proposed, and drunk. In acknowledging the compli ment, he called the attention of the gentlemen present to the singular faet of the Heads of Botany being rendered famous, on the one side (north) by a monument to Captain Cook, find on the other by one to the memory of La Ferouse, showing that, although 16,000 miles from the 'old country,' France and England were here, as well as in the other hemisphere, keeping close to one another. He called upon the gentlemen present to join him in ' Health * to her Majesty the Queen, and everlasting, peace between the two nations;' after which the party retraced their steps to Sydney. On Tuesday morning Mr. A. AttwelL son of Mr. Attwell, storekeeper, Burwood, was roused from his sleep by the barking of dogs, and immediately went out through a side door to the front of the house. On his way he armed himself with an iron bucket, which was the first thing that came to his hand. When in front he found a man busily engaged in cutting a hole through the shop door. In answer to a demand as to what he was doing there, the stranger merely tamed his head towards his questioner, who at once threw the bucket at him, striking; him in the face, whereupon he took to his heels. At daylight it was found that a square hole large enough to admit a Email hand, had been cut in the door just above the lock. The work was very inartistically done, apparently with a pocket-knife, and was evidently the achievement of a novice. The tracks of the fugitive, which were visible for about two hundred yards from the house, disclosed the fact that the individual had come to his labour without boots. There are circum stances about the case, however, which strongly point to a certain person as being the miscreant, and we understand a warrant has been, or wfll shortly be, issued for his appre hension. Unfortunately the five-chamber revolver rifle which was upon the premises, was not loaded, or running away might not have been so easy a task. -There are no policemen at Burwood, and the above is about the fourth, or fifth case of burglary, or attempted burglary, which has occurred within the List few weeks. On Tuesday an industrial exhibition, in aid o£ the Bathurst- street Church and School Building Fund, was opened at the Temperance Hall. The hall was very tastefully decorated for the occasion with wreaths of zamis leaves, and flags hung in graceful festoons across the centre and along nearly the whole length of the building. The exhibition was the result of the labours of a com mittee of ladies, with whom have co-operated the elder scholars of the Bathurst-street Baptist Sunday school, and the object sought to be attained is the creation of a fund for the erection of a new church and school rooms, tha present buildings being inadequate.' The Carcoar Chronicle of Saturday, 18th in stant, reportB en inquest held near Blayney. touching the death of a child named Bridget Flood, aged 11 years. Whflst raying with a brother two years younger than her self, he struck her with his hand in the pit of the stomach, and Bhe died in about an hour afterwards. K The whole Australian Naval Squadron,' says a Wellington telegrampablished in the Otago Daily Times, 'will rendezvous at Wellington, N.Z., in September oc October, to meet the new commodore, who comes out in bis flagship via the Cape to Wellington direct, Commotaa JjflHmg goes hoB» iu the CBo,' At the invitation of M. Eugene Simon, the Consul for France, some of the most considerable persons in this community dined on Friday, the 18th instant, with; Admiral Baron Roussin, M. de Frey cinet (Capilaine de Vaisseau), M. Pontillon (Lieu tenant de Vaisseau), .and M. Bouquette (Lieutenant de Vaisseau), of the French ship Atalante, now lying in -his harbour. Amongst the company were the Hon. tha Premier Mr. Henry Parkes, his Honor Sir Alfred Stephen, C B. and C. J., Monsieur Charbonnet (the Chief Justice of New Caledonia), the Hon. Sir W. M. Manning, Q.C., M.L.C. ; the Hon. Sir James Martin, Q.C., M.L.A. ; the Hon. John Hay (the President of the Legislative Council), the Hon. Goorge Allen, M.L.C; the Hon. G. A. Lloyd (Colonial Treasurer), the Hon. W. B. Dalley, M.L.C; Captain Moresby, RN. ; Mr. G. H. de Roebeck, Mr. G. Kuiff (Consnl for Italy), Mr. John Alger, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. G. W. Allen, M.L.A. ; Mr. H. Dangar, Mr. J. L. Montefiore, Mr. D. M. Joubert, and Mr. R. Lloyd. There ?were no toasts, the dinner being strictly private. On Tuesday Messrs. Lamb and Good, and another gentleman from the Borough of Sherwood, had an inter view with the Hon. John 'Sutherland respecting the re moval of a tollbar- on the Westers Road to the outside boundary of the municipal borough of Sherwood, near Parramatta. At present the tollbar was placed within the borough, eo that two-thirds of the borough paid tolls — which were said to be equal to the amounts paid by them in rates — while Hie remainder did not. The Minister offered to transfer to the charge of the Borough Council all that portion of the Great Western Road which lies wi'hin their boundaries, but that on behalf of the Council was de clined. He promised to obtain the report of the Commis sioner of Roads on the subject, as he was afraid that the removal of the tollbar to the place suggested would not only exempt the traffic of the borough from, the payment of toll, but a great deal of the through traffic also, by reason of the large area of unfenced land in the locality. : A deputation from Sheilharbour was intro duced' by Mr. J. Stewart, M.L.A., to the Honorable the Minister for Works', on Wednesday, 23rd inst. They re quested that the bar at the entrance might be widened, so as to accommodate the traffic on the river, which was now considerable, and which fully justified the small expendi ture (£200 or £300) necessary. They represented that the borough. Council were willing to undertake the work, so as to economise the Government funds, by doing away with any necessity for an officer of the Government being sta tioned on the spot, or being frequently sent to report. Mr. Sutherland said that he would obtain a report from an officer of his department as to the nature and extent of the ?work required to be done, and would bring the matter before his colleagues without delay. Should Government and Parliament sanction the work, there was an officer of the Harbours and Rivers Deportment stationed at Kiama -whose services would be available for the purposes of in spection. A fire occurred on the morning of the 18th instant, at Messrs. Warburton and Sons' coal wharf, Tyrmont, which resulted in the destruction of a hay ehed and a large quantity of wood, coal, &c.; Shortly after 1 o'clock, a German, in the employment of the firm ?who slept over the stables at the rear of the hay-store, and connected with it, felt a choking sensation in the room he occupied, and, on rising, discovered that it was full of 'smoke. He then observed that the two-story building ?constructed of brick, wood, and galvanized iron, in which Ihe hay was stored was on fire. He at one gave the alarm ' to his employers, who live in a large house directly to the eouth of the hayshedj from which it is separated by a garden. This house is not far distant from the Pyrmont Road. As soon as they received intimation that their premises were on fire, the Messrs. Warburton .dispatched a mounted messenger to the station of the In surance Fire Brigade to give intelligence of the occurrence. Of course some time elapsed before the arrival of engines and firemen on the spot ; and in the meantime the flames liad made great headway ; the hay etoref the wooden build ings used as stables, and machine premises in which corn was cracked, chaff and timber cut by steam, and two little offices in the wood yard being on tire. A fence dividing Warburton and Sons' premises from Russell's shipbuilding yard, was taken down by the energetic efforts of some of those present, in which a posse of police, under acting sub-inspector Waters, played a prominent part; and a copious supply of water was obtained from Darling Harbour, the waters of which were then at high tide. A copious stream of water was thrown %y a detachment of the firemen on to some piles of wood cut in billets which had caught fire, and of which some cart ^loads had already been consumed ; and heaps of coal, one of 6 Swhich was also burning. The wood and coal burnt so /^Tfi^roely as to render it at one time doubtful whether any / could be saved of the immense quantity of fuel which was -then stored on the wharf . The burning heaps were, how . ^b^rj , -extinguished before much timber or coal had been f j^trogftl. The fire was next cut off from spreading to the , ,.i .d^elling-houBe of the Messrs.'^Warburton, and the ship L tJ^|ntilding yard adjoining. While the fire was at its height \- r'fhe platers of Darling Harbour were lit up with a ruddy ? light, as were also the whole of the objects for some dis tance,. In the stable when the fire was observed were some ejg'hteen or twenty valuable horses, which were fortu \- ^-3iJg$elY, though with great difficulty, taken out and removed -__^4o-B*!|3ace of sftfety. None of them appear to have been injured. A great number of poultry (over 200) were roosting when the fire broke out in the hay store and etable, nearly all ot which were recovered alive. In the iay store, which was, as has been mentioned above, two stories in height, were seven tons of oaten hay and. about 120 bales of lucerne, but little of which is likely to be of -any use whatever. Only a portion of the mill remains, the machinery has sustained some injuries. In the loft of ihe mill were sixty bags of maize^a considerable proportion ?of it, however, has been saved. How the fire originated is sot known. The insurance on the buildings burnt down -and their contents amount to about £270 — in the Pacinc Office — a sum which, it is said, will not cover one-third of ihe loss. A rather curious point of law was, on the 18th instant, decided in Chambers by Mr. Justice Hargrave. A person named Vaughan had been tried at the Petty Sessions, Yeung, before the local police .magistrate, Mr. G. O'Malley Clarke, upon a summons under the first section of the Police Act (19 Vic, No. 24) ±or having stolen Jiroperty, namely, portion of a beast, in bis possession. The meat was founa in Vaughan's house 'by the apprehending constable, who entered the premises for the purpose of searching. The defendant, who stated that he had bought the beast, was convicted by the -Bench and sentenced to one month's imprisonment. A prohibition to set aside the conviction 'was now sought, upon the ground that for the purposes of the section the 'possession' of the stolen property, must be actual and not constructive. Upon the ?other hand, it was contended that such possession need not 4be manual, but such as would be sufficient in an action of trover or an indictment for stealing. Here there had been -ample evidence for either of those purposes. The defen dant had been summoned to account lor having meat in his .possession which he was suspected of having stolen. The property was in his house, and he asserted that it was bis own. There had been ample testimony to warrant the conviction, if the Beach ?chose to believe it. His Honor granted the prohibition. The first and third sections of the Act clearly applied only 'to persons taken with stolen goods in their, manual possession. The words of the first section were 'Every Person who shall be brought before any Justice of the \- Peace charged with having hi his possession or conveying in any manner anything which may be reasonably suspected of being stolen,' &c.; The words ' having in his possession .or conveying any thing ' could only be used in the sense ?of manual possession. In the thud section the same words were used. Further than this, however, the preamble recited that the object of the statute was to make further regulations for preserving order and good ?conduct within the city, port, and hamlets of Sydney and «ther towns,' &c.; This consideration, therefore, must be bome in mind in construing the sections of the statute. For these reasons, he was of opinion that the conviction had. , -Been 'wrong. The conviction was rescinded aooordingly. It was stated, however, that the term of imprisonment had Jtearly-expired : and therefore, as there appeared to be no Jaoral doubt ox the defendant's guilt, the ends of justice were not defeated through the technical informality. Mr. ?Moiaons appeared in support of the prohibition ; Mr. J. .Williams, tie Grown. Solicitor, showed cause. We observe that Mr. Grundy,-iE.-T*rho 'has been employed by the residents of Yeas to report upon the practicability of taking the Southern line into North Yats, was about to bring up a final report — one which it was expected would be of a most favourable character. The linie allowed by the Minister for completing the necessary private surveys expires to-day ; but we under stand that tho Minister has recommended that the time should be extended fourteen days longer, so as to allow the people of Yass to complete their investigations in a manner satisfactory to themselves. According to the recommenda tions of tho Engineer-in-chief, the station would be placed two and a half miles from Yass, for the reason that a very large additional' expenditure would have to be incurred if the line were taken into the township. A considerable sum would, it was represented, be required for the purchase of private' property through which the line would have to 'pass, and several streets would have to be closed. The engineering difficulties were represented to be such as would necessitate a heavy addi tional expenditure, and the line, when constructed, would, be objectionable on account of the steepness of the gradients on which it would have to be hud; The people of Yass, on the other hand, contend that it is perfectly possible to take the line into North Yass without unduly impairing its efficiency or increasing its cost The con tract which has been in the meantime accepted contains a provision which will enable toe Government to make a deviation into Yass, . if they should hereafter determine upon it, on condition that the contractor shall be paid for any extra work which he may thereby have to perform. We understand that Mr. Whitton's directions were based upon trial surveys, and that he has been directed to mark out what he considers to be the best route into Yass in the event of a deviation being determined upon. He has also been instructed to prepare working sections, so that, upon the receipt of Mr. Grundy's report and recommendations, the Government may be u a position to decide the question in dispute without any unnecessary delay. — Yass Courier. The emu is beginning to assert a right to his 'native heath' with an amount of force that proves how much he has been benefited by civilization. An instance of the energetic resistance which the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon itedomain occurred (says the Wagga Express) on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last, when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him one portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu, — a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which bis forefathers hod trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the black fellow. Mr. Bobbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at inter vals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Bobbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards' distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appella tion of 'The Fool;' from the back of the trap. 'The Fool' considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master met him, Mr. Bobbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; ' nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. The Maitland Mercury says : — On Saturday in formation reached senior-sergeant Kerrigan from Mr. F. Green, J.P., that a man was in his custody at Mount Huntley, near Lochinvar, for attempted murder, and re questing that two policemen should be sent out to have the man safely confined in the lock-up. Immediately upon receipt of this information, sergeant Kerrigan and mounted trooper Gamble started for Mount Huntley, and on arrival there ascertained the nature of the assault committed. The name of the man in custody is Julius A. Menetery, and the victim of the outrage is Mr. Walter Green, son of Mr. Peter Green. The particulars of the outrage, so far as we have been able to ascertain, are as follows : — Menetery, who is a foreigner, was employed by Mr. Green in doing some work, by contract, in connection with his wine-pressing establishment. On Saturday last, 'after he had been at work some time, Menetery initiated a dis pute by demurring to certain work he had to perform, alleging that it was not in his agreement; and although Mr. Green offered to meet any objection the man might have by paying for any work not in the agreement, Mene tery was dissatisfied, and in the course of the dispute called Mr. Green a liar, Mr. Walter Green, who was standing close by, upon hearing his father thus addressed, interposed on his behalf, whereupon the man attacked him, and threw him down a cemented underground well or tank, upon the edge of which he was standing. This tank is eleven feet deep, about twelve feet across, and had between eight and nine feet of water in it at the time. As Mr. Green was falling into the tank, Menetery caught hold of him, and jumped in the water, with him. A life and death struggle followed in the water. Menetery, who was the stronger of the two, kept Mr. Green under the water, and, as alleged, by catching hold of him by the throat and beard, endeavoured to drown him. Neither were able to get out of the well, or tank, and Menetery appeared to devote his whole energies to assaulting his victim and keeping him under the water. Mr. Peter Green, unfortunately, was quite unable to render his son any assistance, owing to his leg being broken and having to walk on crutches. He offered his crutch to his son, but the unfortunate young man could not avail himself of it, being under the water, and prevented from taking hold of it by Meheterv. The situation of affairs was becoming painfully perilous. Mr. Green was looking at his sen being murdered, almost within reach of his arm, and was utterly powerless to render help. He could have killed the ruffian with a single blow of his crutch, but this would probably have involved the sacrifice of his son's life. He could only cry for help, and his cries brought some of his workmen to the scene. Once on rising to the surface again, however, Mr. W. Green managed to lay hold of the crutch held out by his father, and by the assistance of the workmen the ruffian and bis intended victim were separated in the water, just in time to save Mr. Green's life, and brought to the bank. Mr. Walter Green was quite exhausted on being taken out of the water, and was almost insensible. Mr, Peter Green had received some severe wounds on the chest (which was against the raised brick work at* the edge of the tank) through Menetery, who had his feet against the wall of the tank, tugging violently at Mr. Walter Green while he had hold of his father's crutch. Menetery was at once secured, and Mr. Green dispatched a messenger to senior-sergeant Kerrigan, who arrived shortly before dusk, and took Menetery into custody. He was then escorted into Maitland, and securely lodged in the lockup at EaBt Maitland, brought up at the temporary Court-house, West Maitland, and charged with having committed an assault, with intent to murder. As Mr. Green was unable to attend, and senior-sergeant Kerrigan was engaged at the coroner's inquest on the poor girl Mary Ann Campbell, prisoner was remanded, on the application of senior constable Maguire, till Thursday next. We heard on Mon day that Mr. Feter Green was suffering severely from the wound he had received. ? Those 'who have occasion to use the British Australian Company's cable for business purposes complain of the very inferior quality of the paper on which the forms are printed. We have been shown one of them, which certainly appears to be printed on paper of a most unsuitable texture, being spongy, and more like that known as 'blotting.' Mercantile men usually keep press copies of taeir telegrams, and a clear press oopf froin. each paper stems almost an impossibility. The Pilot is informed that a difficulty has arisen among the wheelers employed at the various Newcastle col lieries, which is likely to lead to unpleasant results. This class of miners* assistants are agitating for an increase of wages, and will strike if this is not granted ; in fact, they have already sent in their fourteen days' notioe. We can only hope, in the interest of the coal trade, that the matter may be settled without resort to this unpleasant alternative. The movement has originated in the A. A. Co.'s colliery. The Executive Committee of the Clarance Rail way League (says the Clarence Examiner) mot on Friday evening last, at the School of Arts. The Mayor (Mr. T. FisherrJ.P.) occupied the chair. There was a full attend ance, and a large amount of interest taken in the proceed ings throughout, the committee appearing thoroughly alive to the necessity of working vigorously in the accomplish; ment of the grand object in view, viz., the construction of a line of railway from tho Clarence to New England.* A considerable amount of discussion took place as to the most eligible route for the proposed rail way, and it appeared to be the unanimous opinion of the committee that the railway should tap the tableland somewhere in the neighbourhood of JGlen lanes, having branch terminal lines at Armidale, Invereli, and Tenterfield, such a line being best suited to serve the in terests of the whole colony at large, and promote the settle ment of a large agricultural population. A sub-committee, consisting of the Mayor, Messrs. J. Brownhill, E. C. Madff wick, and the secretaries (Messrs. T. Page and F. G. Crouch), vas appointed to draft another petition to be sub mitted to the League prior to its adoption at a public meet ing to be called for the purpose. Mr. James Williams, of the Upper Shoal havrn, about a fortnight ago hit his hand against a piece of wood, causing a slight abrasion of the skin, of which he thought nothing until his arm began to get in flomed as far as the shoulder, and his breathing interfered with, he being a stout man. In order to procure medical assistance he was removed on Monday night. from his home, which is upwards of thirty miles fnm here, to Mr. Michael Gallagher's house at Long Flat, where Dr. Llewellyn saw him on Tuesday morning and made an in cision in his arm, from which came a great quantity of matter. This caused him immediate relief ; but on Thura ' day, bad symptoms beginning to show themselves, the doctor was again sent for, and he arrived at Long Flat about half an hour before his pationt oxpired. The cause of death was py&mia;, which is a mixture of matter with blood in the circulation, and is usually known by the name of ' blood-poisoning.' — Braidwood JDispatch. The fall in the Peak Downs Copper Company's shares in Sydney (says the Telegram), is no criterion that the mine is becoming worked out. We have been assured that the prospects of the new shaft are appearing brighter every day. Persons residing on the spot have a much better idea of how things are going than those living so far distant, who, although so well posted up in matters relating to the mine, are apt to jump rather too quickly at conclusions. Mr. S. W. Jacobsohn informs us that in one of the drives in Jones' shaft, Western Peak Downs Mine, a very rich lode of ore has been struck, which Mr. Jacobsohn is of opinion will yield 70 to 80 per cent, of copper. On Friday (reports the Newcastle Chronicle) an accident happened at the Gas Works, by which a boy named Ralph Henry Brinkley, ten years of age, and son of Mr. John Brinkley, of Railway-street, lost his life. It appears the lad was engaged driving a horse at the pud dling machine working up clay. Th's machine is erected so near the retort-house that the end of the shaft con nected with it, projecting about a foot from the horse, comes close to the wall ; and here, it appears, the un fortunate lad stood (the only dangerous spot at the place), totally unconscious of danger, and was jammed between the wall and the shaft. The poor lad did not live five minutes after the accident occurred. The Melbourne Arqus says a largely-attended meetingof stevedores' labourers was held at the Sandridge Town Hall on Wednesday evening. Mr. D. Thomas, M.L A., occupied the chair. Mr. Kenyon moved,— 'That in the opinion of this meeting the present system of em ploying Uie crews of ships to discharge and load cargo is not only injurious to the interests of the working stevedore, but also to that of the port, and that the Government be requested to introduce a clause in the new Marine Bill 'embodying the by-jaws now in existence in the Victorian and Hobson's Bay Railway piers.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Grimshaw. Mr. Gresham, in supporting the motion, dwelt at some length on his pet crotchet, the disproportion of the profits derived by labour and capital. Mr. Byan, chairman of the Seamen's Union, thought that if the working classes would only use their legitimate in fluence, they would soon procure the redress of all their grievances. Capital had its legislative chambers and its chambers of commerce, and innumerable other agencies for promoting and conserving its interests. A proper know ledge of the power of co-operation and a proper use of the ballot at the general elections would enable the working classes to prevent any encroachments on their rights, and procure further instalments of the profits and emoluments of labour which were justly theirs. During the course of Mr. Ryan's remarks, a disturbance was created by a fisherman named '' Jemmie Craig,' but a dozen strong arms were immediately laid upon him, and he was summarily ejected. The motion was agreed to unani mously. Mr. Dean moved, — '* That the above resolution of this meeting be handed to the chairman for the purpose of being signed and forwarded to the Government for their consideration.' Mr. Williams, in seconding the motion, said that in one respect the interests of the stevedores were the interests of public. It would be allowed by all that stevedores, from the nature of their avocations, cauld stow a cargo far more skilfully than any chance ship's crew could. Many of the most disastrous shipwrecks could be traced to unskilful stowage, and the parsimony of masters and owners had cost the nation many a valuable life. The resolution was carried. The Hawaiian Gazette thus adverts to a gentle and kindly act of King William Charles Lunalilo, spontaneously manifested by him to the poor lepers who have been deported to the lonely island of Molokai. ' It was very thoughtful in the King to write a letter to the lepers at Kalaupapa, as he did, expressing to them with his own hand his sympathy for them in their affliction. But this kind act would never have been known to our readers, -had not the lepers themselves sent the royal missal to Honolulu for publication, to show to all his subjects that he possesses a heart overflowing with pity for those in affliction. We may add here that Marshal Parke, who visited the settlement last week, found all the patients supplied with every necessary, and with no complaint to make. Houses were being erected to accommodate the new comers, and no efforts are spared to furnish everything required for health and comfort. Fifty-one head of fat bullocks were landed there by the Kilauea on her last trip down, and this with full supplies of poi and other food will show what is being done for them. Kalaupapa is a beautiful plain, four or five miles long and one mile wide, bounded on one side by the sea, and on the rear by a steep mountain precipice 1000 feet high, making it a natural enclosure. This plain is watered by fa stream which flows from the moun tain, and supplies the numerous taro patches, which in old times were cultivated more than now. It can be made a perfect elysium, and it is not to be wondered at that these who go there very soon become reconciled to what appears to us to be a hard lot. What they need now are a faithful minister of the Gospel and a physician who are willing to sacrifice themselves for the good of this unfor tunate community. But to return to the King's letter: ' * Honolulu, April 20, 1873. To my Friends at Kalaupapa. By the hands of two members of the Board of Health, I send you these words. You all know that, on account of the prevalence of this disease of leprosy in the nation, a division of land has been set apart for the isolation of those affected. This measure is for the geod of the nation, and, being a lav, it must be executed. But it is indeed a sad thing to be thus separated from friends and loved ones; how else, however, are the laws to be executed? I eon only say to you that you shall receive all the benefits that the Government can possibly bestow, and I trust that, in consultation with my advisers, everything will be done for you, consistent with a regard for the good of the whole people. May the Almighty Father watch over, protect, and bless you, is the prayer of him whom the nabon has chosen as its earthly head. God preserve Hawaji nei. Love to you, aU,— IiVNAMto.' ' Another story of life lost at sea is told by Captaia Clemeafe, of &e; ship British Army, which arrived in port on Wednesday night from Li verpooL When the abip was : in lat 44 dfg. 8., and long. 4 deg. E., she was etruok by a. tremendous eea, which almost buried the ship, and by its resistiees force swept every thing before it. The boatswain,. William Rogers, a native of Picton, was washed overboard and never seen again. In. fact he was not missed until some 16 or 20 minutes after the catastrophe. Another of tha crew had both his legs badly fractured-oa the same occasion. — Argus. A wonderful escape from instant death which ?was experienced by John Bartlett, in a mine at Maltnes bury, is related by the Mount Alexander Mail: Bartlett wa* at work on the night shift, and while engaged on the brace, about 3 o'clock a.m., the cage became jammed some 70 feet or 80 feet from the bottom of the shaft. Bartlett at onoe proposed to go down by the rope, to remove the obstruction, and having slung a crowbar over his shoulder and Beck, and donned his mackintosh, he at onoe caught hold of Hie rope and slipped down. He had not gone far, however, before he come to a part where it had been greased, ana being no longer able to retain his grasp, his descent was accelerated beyond bis power of control, notwithstanding his strongest efforts to Bqueeze the rope by his arras. In this manner he fell the full distance of 250 feet, and then came with great force in contact with the top of the cage. Tho alarm being given, his mates quickly rendered assistance, when he was found alive, but terribly injured. He was brought to the surface, and as soon as possible he was removed to the district hospital, where it was found that he had.sustained a compound fracture of the. right leg below the knee. He is now making fair progress towards recovery. During the whole of his rapid descent Bartlett retained his self-possession and presence of mind, and attributes bit escape to the large cloak he wore, acting like a parachute to lessen the velocity of the falL' 