THE MAIL NEWS. THE most important, but not. the only important, item in the budget of news by the mail is the letter from His Holiness the Pope to Emperor William of Germany, and the reply of His Imperial Majesty. These letters are both given in our news columns, and our readers will see that they are ex tremely courteous and dignified in their tone. But it is also to be observed that the Holy Father, in acquitting himself of a solemn duty as the Head of the Church and the defender of the Faith, has censured with great frankness and boldness the authors of the religious persecution in Germany. In the most uncompromising spirit, he claims for himself the right to interpose wherever the Christian conscience is oppressed and religion or morality is outraged, and exercising that right, be calls upon the German Emperor to stay the persecutions V^'ch are disgracing himself aud lis government, and which are seriously endangering the integrity of his empire. The Holy Father claims to b,e the arbiter oq earth when questions of faith, and morals are concerned, to have the right to couusel and reprove in the case of every man on whose head have fallen the regenerating waters of. baptism*, and that great privilege he has exercised with fihnness and tenderness in his letter to the German Emperor. His Majesty's le)tter is stately; and courteoas, but it is weak and unsatisfactory. As it was not to be expefcted ' that he woula acknowledge the authority of . the Holy 1 S T it is cot surprising that hrtC disowns it; but as Catholics had a right to expect that His Majesty would justify the severe measures by which he is oppressing the Church' in Germany, they have good reason to complain that he has not maoe the attempt. He merely says that the laws of the country must be enforced and obeyed, and the Protestant Press considers this answer as a complete vindication of the Imperial policy in regard to the Church. The fact is altogether overlooked that the laws which the Catholic Bishops and clergy are expected to obey were passed with the object of destroying their independence, and that without a sacrifice of it they could not obey. They strike at the independence of the Church, and if not resisted, would reduce it to the condition of a State department They aim at the overthrow of all spiritual jurisdiction, and at establishing the supremacy of the State in the sanctuary. They would, if they could be carried out, place the Church in bondage. But by this mail we have further assurances of the constancy of the Bishops. The Archbishop of Poseu has been visited with another fine for making ecclesiastical appointments; the stipend he received from the State has been withdrawn ; he is to be deprived of his bishopric—so far as the order of Government can effect that object;—the priests he nominated are to be expelled from their churches, and if all this should fail to make him bow before the idol, he will be imprisoned. And much the same state of things prevails in Switzerland. There also the " Old Catholics " are petted. They are in all things pliable to the civil power ; they bow before the idol, and are prepared, if asked, to prostrate themselves in its presence. They are willing to take from those who have set it up both their reliigion and their salaries. They are most convenient tools in the bands of most unworthy masters. Without going into a long review of the accumulated trials the Church has had to endure since the date of our previous advices, we may say that its prospects in a worldly sense have not improved. Its efflictions still weigh heavily on it and on the head of its Supreme Pastor, and there is yet no bright spot to be seen on the horizon. The Carlists have bad some successes, but none of such material importance as to be regarded as decisive in their result. The prospect of a monarchical restoration in France is not even so encouraging as it was. The Count of Chambord positively, and, as we believe, finally, refused to make any concessions on the question of the flag, and the party of order are much discouraged by his obstinacy. Under these circumstances, it was above all things necessary to secure permanence for the present state of things, and this appears to have been the reason why McMahon applied for a prolongation of his powers, and why the re- was granted against the -quest opposition to the Republican party. Any suspicions that may have been entertained, imputing to him a selfish and unworthy ambition, must now vanish. This great chieftain appears to be actuated solely by a desire to serve France and the Church. Under such a bitter prolongation of the afflictions that weigh upoo the Church, it would be only natural that the health of his Holiness suffered, though his confidence in her triumph remained unabated. But the Holy Father is strangely—we might almost venture to say, miraculously—supported in. his trials. Recently addressing the peopleof Civita Vecchia, who approached him with an assurance of their unalterable fidelity, he bade them be of good cheer and assured them that the triumph of the Church was certain, though it might be delayed. The Holy Father could not, he said, tell them when it would occur, though it might the morrow Or the day after, for the providence Of God wafc'inr. scrutable, and His powep omnipotent: Apostolic Faith such, as this every Catholic should imitate, aijd inot ; be faint hearted under disappointments. , The ii}telligeii<$ from Ireland is in the hfaigKeit-dpgwe i g h e s t ^ ^ e important, m p o r The ^ ^ atholic prelates havetaken a*tep great interest to the country, both in a religious and national sense. They have risen to a sublime height of patriotism in resolving to confer degrees in the Catholic University of Ireland. Their boldness almost startles those who knew them best. This is one of the highest acts of a national priesthood. It is an exercise of national authority and power that could only be exceeded by convening an Irish Parliament. It is against the statute made" and provided in such cases, and we shall now see if the Bishops of Ireland will be prosecuted. Now the ghost of Ultramontanism in Ireland will loom larger and more frightful to English bigots than ever it did before. Now the opportunity has arrived for Whalley, Newdegate, and Co. to distinguish themselves. The persecution of the Church in Ireland has not alarmed the Irish Bishops—not in the least. It has not alarmed any bishop, priest, or good Catholic anywhere. There is not one of them who would on that account make the least concession in violation of principle. The hoof pf the persecutor is shod with iron, but he could no more stamp out the vitality of the Church than he could dim the brightness of the sun by cursing it. Ireland, above all other places, has taught him that lesson, and it is not at all likely that he will repeat an experiment which has been so unsuccessful there. The University of Ireland will confer the degrees and the Irish Parliament will legalise and acknowledge them hereafter. In the meantime, the universal Church will recognise them, because the Holy Father has sanctioned them, and they will be respected throughout Europe. It might have been better for Mr. Gladstone that he bad consented to grant a charter to the Catholic University, but seeing how things have turned out, we rejoice at his refusal. 