Valuable Resipease by Josh Billings. — How to pick out a wife. — Find a girl that iz 19 years old last May, about the right hight, 'with a blue eye, and dark-brown hair and white teeth. Let the girl be good to look at, not too phond of musick, a firm disbeliever in ghosts, and one ov six children in the same family. Look well tew the karakter ov her father ; see that he is not the member ov enny khib, don't bet on elekshuns, and gits shaved at least 3 times a week. Find out all about her mother, see if she haz got aheap ov good common sense, studdy well her likes and dislikes, eat some ov her hum-made bread and apple dumplins, notiss whether she abuzes all ov her nabors, ask her servants how long they have lived thare, and don't fail tew observe whether her dresses ar last year's ones fixt over. If you are satisfied that the mother would make the right kind ov mother-in-law, yu kan safely kon klude that the dauter would make ; the right kind of a wife. After theze preliminarys are all settled, and yu have done a reazonable amount of sparking, ask the yung lady for her heart and hand, and if she refuses, yu kan konsider yourself euchered. If, on the contrary, she should say yes, get married at once, without any fuss and feathers, and proceed to take the chances. I say take the chances for thare ain't no recipee for a perfekt wife, enny more than thare iz for a perfekt husband, Thare iz just az menny good wifes az there is good husbands, and I never knew two people, married or wuu wcte ut/teiiiiiueu. vow make themselfs agreeable to each other, but what they suckceeded. Name yure oldest boy sum good stout name, not after sum hero, but should the first boy be a girl, I ask it az a favor to me that yu kaul her Rebekker. I do want sum ov them good, old-fashioned, tuff girl names revived and extended. Two intimate friends in this city, says a Baltimore paper, had an ani mated dialogue with red-hot pokers, and one of them has since got only ' one eye on things in general. A. Highlander, under the influ ence of whiskey, once, on a very hot day, went to be married by the Rev Mr Grant, of Abernethy The service having commenced, the bridegroom was asked, Are you willing to take this woman to be your wife ? Yes, he replied, wip ? insr large drops of perspiration from his facc, yes, if I get a drink-! 