THE OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. The second session of the Be venth Parliament - under the Constitution Act is to be opened to •morrow. According to the programme of proceedings the ceremonies and business arranged to be gone through are of a purelyformal character. The members of the two Houses are first of all to meet in their respective chambers at 2 o'clock. In the Legislative Council the Clerk will read the proclamation convening Parliament, and the Commissioners—the.Chief. Justice and Mr. Justice, Gwynne—having, been introduced by the Seigeant-at- Arms, the members • of the House of Assembly will be summoned to jattend behind the bar. After their arrival the Clerk will read the Commission authorizing . the opening of Parliament and the Chief Justice mil inform the members of ' both Houses 'that His Excellency the Governor will in person declare his reasons for calling Parliament together so soon as certain formalities have been attended to. The gentlemen of the Lower House ha ring withdrawn, the Commissioners will administer the bath to the seven recentlyelected members of the Chamber. The Commissioners then retire, and the Council proceed to elect their President. It has already been arranged that this office shall be conferred upon the Hon. W. Milne, and we presume that arrangement will be adhered to. The President-elect has to be conducted to the chair by his pro* poser and seconder, and after tendering bis - acknowledgments he receives the. congratulations of members. An : adjournment then takes place to allow the gentle* men of the Upper Chamber to proceed to Government House and present their President to His Excellency tne Governor. On their return the President will no doubt have to report that the Governor has approved the choice made, and concedes to the Council all the usual rights and privileges enjoyed by legislative bodies. Having determined by lot the order in which the names of the newly-elected members shall be placed on the roll, the Council will adjourn until such time as His Excellency may have appointed—probably 3 o'clock—lor reading the opening speech. In the. House of Assembly the forms to be gone through preparatory to the opening are very brief. At 2 o'clock the Clerk will read the proclamation convening Parliament; after which, in compliance with the Commissioners' summons, the members, accompanied by the Speaker, will proceed to the Legislative Council to hear.the Commission read. On their return the House will suspend its sitting until a little before 3, iuid on reassembling members-will repair to the Legislative Council to hear "the opening speech. Upon returning to their own Chamber the Speaker will draw the attention of the House tovarions proclamations notifying that Her Majesty's assent has been given to the following Acts reserved by the Governor:—The Parliamentary Privilege Act, Writs of .Election Act, and .the Electoral Districts Act. He will thai report that during the recess vacancies oocurred in the representation of the. House, through the death : of the Bon. J. Hart,' and'tne retirement of Messrs. Riddoich and Derrington, and that Messrs. R. ReeS, J. P. D. Lanrie, and T, W. Boothby have been duly elected for the vacant seats. This, it may be-remarked, -will be quite a novel announcement, inasmuch as provision has only recently been made for supplying vacancies -without the express order of the House. The three gentlemen named will then, if present, take the necessary oaths and their places as members of the House. The subsequent proceedings will be of the usual kind, unless the Chief Secretary 6honld see fit to enter into explanations concerning the occupancy by himself aud his colleagues of the Treasury benches. Should he do so he will no doubt supplement the statement by intimating whether au adjournment, to enable the Government to prepare their measures, is to be asked for. The Chief Secretary is then- to , introduce £he ordinary motion that the House at its rising ' adjourn till 2.o'clock the following Tuesday. After the presentation of petitions and tabling of notices of motion, the appointment of Libraiy, Standing Orders, and House or Refreshment Committees will take place. The Speaker will then read a copy of the Governor's opening speech, and the Chief Secretary will move the appointment of a Committee to prepare the address in reply, the report to be brought up on Tuesday next. After papers have been laid on the table by various members of the Government the proceedings will terminate by the adjournment of the House. Of course this programme presupposes a friendly disposition in the Parliament towards the Ministry. THE OPERA. -The most crowded house of the season assembled to witness the repetition, of " II Profeta" on Wednesday night. We can. add little to what we have already said in reference to the style in which the opera has been produced. The interpretation of its extraordinary music by the principal artistes adds fresh laurels to their reputation, and showB the' effect of careful etudy, accompanied by natural gift* of no common order. At the conclusion of the cathedral scene Signora Zenoni received quite an ' ovation, and - she and Signor Rosnati and Signora Coy were several .times called before the audience to receive their rapturous applause. The duet between the soprani in the fourth and their trio with the Prophet in the fifth rict were splendid exhibitions of vocalizations. Irrespective of anything else, the operais noteworthy as a fine spectacle, and the special preparations made in this direction were warmly appreciated. The novelty of the skating-scene . and the dexterity of some of the performera in it caused it to meet with an imperative encore,. and the capital finale was the theme of ^dseru admiration. It may be mentioned, too, that- Signor Rosnati in his coronation robes_ presentsa figure which for magnificence' and imposing appearance has never been equalled on the Adelaide stage. 'To-night "II Trovatore" will, beepeated. . ' -• TEEiOTAIJBM.—The Adelaide Excelsior "Tfend of Hope, having withdrawn from the Norwood Excel^or Temperance Society, gave their first- 'entertainment,. consisting of readings, ^recitations, singing, and instrumental music, to a full audience oh Tuesday evening," July , 2^ at- Pulteney-street Schoolroom. Several eneores were sought, but could not be complied with' on account of the length of the programme.' Mr. B. Brown,: tho President,: stated that,, at the request of the members he occup^d hispdlitioQ: until a more able person w-aa^found^to nlliihafcoffice. He had purchased from the^l&tetftttee; of the Nohrood Society drums, banners, &c.;, to the value at cost price -of £8 40s., and given to that Society "the balance of £11 18b. owing to him by fthe Committee. < : E|e intended to teach a number, of lads music frge of jchargg, to form a band for the Adelaide Excelsior Btuid of Hope. He hoped they were of having a Temperance Hall built in South Adelaide by the different Teetotal Associations am'algeinating for that purpose, «and «4aJdng shares in the enterprise. Their Society nnm8«ed 360 members.. It was increasing weekly,~and - now was the strongest in Adelaide. The proceedings closed with.the farce of the "Ghost in the Pawnshop." - - "MR ERNEST GILES'S EXPEDITION;—MR.'AKRIchauff, M.P., has received by Wednesda»'s®aai a letter from Mr.. Ernest Giles, dated Peake Station, July 6. We subjoin an erfracfc:— " With regard to my own affairs I have now got everything ini'excellent order. I have a party of four whites; 25 horses, provisions for a jear f and all the' ^other details of -equipment Jiret £ate. I hare had -a good many delays, bbt I am off at : la^t to-morrow morning." 