tf LYING FuLLl J.-; S. Shot by Culmus. It is pleasant to find that Mr. Forster and Mr. Parkes can sometimes agree, or rather, to speak more accurately, it is pleasant to find that Mr. Forster can sometimes express his agreement with Mr. Parkes. He may, of course, be sometimes obliged to do so, as for instance upon the clause in the Uoner House Bill which provided for self registration of voters. But that he should, when Mr. Parkes informed the House that Thomas Carlyle was probably the greatest thinker in the world, presently say, quite voluntarily that he also thought so, was really almost wonderful in its unexpected amiability. It is true that the House was at the time in a particularly good humour, and that Mr. Garrett alone of the Opposition pre served a partial recollection of his proper fretful-porcupine duty ; and this, with the fact that the point in question was literary and not political, may explain the singularity of Mr. Forster's behaviour. But what can explain his inconsistency ? How can he reconcile a belief in Carlyle with a hostility to Parkes ? If Carlyle preached any thing he preached Hero-Wor3hip. But who were his heroes, and what, in his view, consti tuted heroism ? Hero-worship is a very good thing, if the heroes be well chosen. The Catho lic Church is a great hero- worshipper, as a peru sal of a list of the saints whom she venerates will show. But her heroism is heroic sanctity. The man who, be he rich or poor, great or hum ble, learned or ignorant, devotes his life, facul ties, and entire self to the service of his God and the benefit of his neighbour, is the man whom she calls great. But is this Mr. Carlyle's standard ? Oh dear no ! These were the Dark Ages, and you will admit that we have made some progress since then. The man with a con spicuous faculty of leadership; the man who can leave a distinct mark upon humanity ; the man who knows his own mind, and has power of will to impose it upon other men ; such a man is Carlyle's hero. Whether the influence is for good or evil is a minor matter. Mahomet, to whom the world owes the moral destitution and intellectual and social stagnation of the millions who have fallen under his blighting in fluence, is placed in Hie same class as our Lord Jesus Christ, the author (leaving the next world out of the question) of whatever is noblest in modern civilization. Dr. Francia, the stern handed South American, who prepared the way for tlio atrocious Lopez, is as worthy of admira tion as Dr. Johubon, the large-hearted and noble minded lexicographer. Let' a man have a dis tinct purpose, let him have strength enough to bend the world to cooperate toward.!* that pur pose, let him have a great impatience of all obr stacles to its fulfilment, and especially for the obstacles which arise from a fondness for forms, for decaying institutions, and from sentimeut and red-tapery generally, and Mr. Carlyle will exalt him to the rank of a deini-god. The great ness which is born of strength is that which has fasciuated h'iin ; the greatness born of goodness seems tame by comparison. The anax andron is his hero. This being ao, and Mr. Forster having a high opinion of such a school of thought, how comes he to be against Mr. Parkes ? Which of the two men has the greater faculty of leadership ? — a question not to be asked. Which of them has been the more successful 1 Which of them has overcome the greater obstacles.? In which of them does talk hold the larger proportion to work ? Surely to all these questions the answer must go against Mr. Forster. But the qualities of leadership, success, power to overcome obstacles, and to do instead of only to tall, are qualities which have great stress laid upon them by Carlyle. And therefore it seems pretty clear that Mr. Forster's practice is inconsistent with Ins theory, when he makes himself such a per sistent thorn in Mr. Parkes' side, — such a ' hedgehog which Lies tumbling in his barefoot way, and mounts Its pricks at his footfall. ' He should either throw off allegiance to Mr. Carlyle, or assume allegiance to Mr. Parkes. How complete was the scatter of our last Ministry. Mr . John Bowie Wilson has appeared once on a public platform, in company with Mr. John Davies. Mx\ Byrnes has written a letter to the Herald to say something about the Wol longong harbour. Mr. Lord is said to be about to go to Englaud. Sir James Martin seems to care nothing for politics when he is out of office. Mr. Docker is very bitter, but very harmless, in the Upper House. In the Lower, the veteran Mr. John Robertson, deserted by his former colleagues, yet bears a gallant front. 'Aulus of the seventy fields alone upholds the day.' And now, lately, Mr Wiadeyeir ha3 beea speaking a mild speech, thrjugh the Hcruld's coi-responding coliuuua, to the careless ears of his fellow-citizens. One ought not to speak ill of the dead. And Mr. Windeyer died to .politics some time ago, and was decently interred, and this that we hear now must be the thin voice of his ghost. It is an amiable ghost, and takes an interest in In dustrial Schools and Reformatories, and speaks in a polite and inoffensive manner. Yet, if it wished to speak otherwise, and to be a disagree able, though perchance useful spectre, I could give it a subject. It might ask how much a year the Biloela Reformatory (not the Industrial School) for girls costs the country, and whether it is true that there are only two or at most three girls there now, and also whether it is true that the number of inmates has never exceeded four, and if the average number since its establishment has been anything over two and a-half. These questions, if put dispas sionately by a voice from the tomb, might elicit information which should either lead to the remedy of an abuse, or set the public mind at rest. I think it is only fair, when such a worthy member as Captain Onslow shows that he possesses the quality of being ironical, that the fact should have every publicity given to it. He told us, on Tuesday night, when he moved for the production of a copy of Mr. Huffer's re port on the Grenfell school, that Sir James Martin regarded everything in the colony ex cept himself with utter indifference. But this was not irony. That came next, when he said that ' Mr. Fairfax, the proprietor of the great leading journal, (subtle irony in that word great) by the very peculiar position in which he was placed, from undue sensitiveness or unnecessary mo desty, did not think it would become him to re* fer to the matter.' The 'matter' is the Grenfell school case and the vote of censure passed by the House on the last Council of Education. And when the editorials of the Herald about that time, and what they were like, and how they advocated the amendment of the Act to make it completely secular, are remembered, it will perhaps be agreed that the use by Captain Onslow of the words I have italicised above, gives him a claim to be regarded as as keen a wit as any of his fellow members. 