THE STORY-TELLER LIFE SKETCH OF THE LATE FANNY FERN. (From the Australian Journal.) FANNY Fern, whose fame as a writer is world wide, and who is just deceased, was born in Portland, in the year 1811. Her maiden, name was Sara Payson Willis. Her father was Nathaniel Willis, the founder of the "Puritan Recorder," of Boston, to which city he removed while his subsequently famous daughter was yet a little girl. Her mother was a lady of superior intellect and great warmth of affection, and was much beloved by her children. Fanny Pern was a sister of 1ST. P. Wil liB, the poet. Her early life was not marked by any extraordinary vicissitudes, but flowed on in the usually equable chan nels which characterised the girlhood of the daughters of pious New England fa milies, in the generation which is now fast passing away. She grew to woman hood in Boston. In her twenty-third year she married Charles Eldredge, the cashier of the Merchants' Bank in that city. Mr. Eldredge was a gentleman of culture and taste. He lived close up to his income, and when, in 1846, he died, after a short illness, he left his widow, with two children, in exceedingly strait ened circumstances. Then came bitter days, such as she has depicted in " Ruth Hall." Poverty and disappointment enveloped the widow and her little ones, as in a mantle of despair. Mrs. Eldredge tried to earn a support for herBelf and her children with her needle; in fact, and in brief, she tried nearly all the means to which poor mothers are driven to earn honest bread for their hun gry offspring, and was equally unsuccess ful in all her efforts. At last, in her for tieth year, she tried writing for the papers, adopting the signature of Fanny Fern. Her success was immediate as to popu larity, but slow as to pecuniary reward. It was not the fashion, in those days, to -pay much for literary work of any kind, j For a long column of her sparkling little articles she got only the meagre pittance of eight shillings. As it sometimes took five of her articles to make a column, that was little over eighteen-pence apiece for them ! But she wrote on and on, with constantly increasing reputation and popu larity. Her success was assured, because she had something to say, and knew how to say it. She was, in fact, an embodi ment^ womanhood giving the world a -^piSceof its mind, and the world was glad i to get it. The country press hailed her advent with delight, and copied her pieces with enthusiastic compliments. Who is Fanny Fern'( began to be the question of the day. The secret of her identity was so well guarded that the most inquisitive could not get track of her, and the myriad suppositions, guesses, an nouncements, ' denials and discussions which were published on the subject, greatly enhanced the public interest in the inexplicable literary phenomenon that was winning the hearts and capti vating the admiration of all classes from one end of the land to the other. Such prodigious talent as Fanny Fern exhibited in every piece she wrote could not, of course, go unrewarded for ever. Publishers began to compete for her pen; Bhe had offers to bring out her fugitive ijeces in a volume ; she found friendly ciouB -advisers; and the general that by the close of the year "ad accumulated the sum of id pounds, and was receiving ; ie remuneration for her news- j [cles. I Fern was utterly devoid of snob atentiousness, and JLoved to be m i~kA~t>-.poor and humble. fe, and honest and aeart's core; and it [these personal quali jgh her genius, which live flavour to her jer intellect and en added to these of purpose, and she would not jrary career of , one natu gecret of its It thing to | i'b success kcommon |of heart, I purpose, frous and (r and wit ; display, j that de lubjects in |f the peo ler dying Row soon, indeed, ^ 'all of us? Jer live to the age of the ;; only one person in a hundred, "it is said, attains the age at which Fanny Fern died; and yet how youthful she seemed! It will be over soon. But when it is over, it will be well if it can be truthfully said of lis, that we were always as thought ful of those by whom we were surrounded as Fanny Fern was of her little grand daughter, when, the evening of her death, she said to her husband, " Put her to bed early, and if I die in the night, don't wake her, to tell her, before morning." [The following possesses peculiar inte rest, being from the pen of Fanny Fern, and the first article she ever wrote for the 'Ledger,' to which paper she never afterwards ceased to contribute one article at least weekly, every week for sixteen years, until that preceding her death, j OUR FIEST NUBSE. Now sit down, and I will tell you all about it. Charely and I were engaged. Touth comes but once, you know, and if we waited to be married until we could furnish in fashionable style-. Well, you see, we knew too much for that j we got married, and left other couples to grow greyj if they liked, on the distant prospect of ^n.TTiMlr curtains, gold salt-cellars, and trains of innumerable servants. Charley did not know the meaning of a " club-house," and the shopkeepers flashed their diamonds and satins in vain in my face ; I never gave them a thought. We had some nice books and some choice en gravings, presented to Charley by an old antiquary who had taken a fancy to him. -You might have gone into many a parlour on which thousands had been lavished, and like ours all the better when you came back. Still it wanted something that we both agreed; for no house can be said to be properly furnished without a . baby. Santa Claus, good soul, under stood that, and Christmas day he brought us one, weighing the usual eight pounds, and as lively as a cricket. Such lungs as it had I Charley said it was intended for a minister. Well, now it was all right, or would have been, if the baby had not involved a nurse. We had, to be sure, a vague idea that we must have one, and as vague an idea of what a nurse was. We thought her a good kind of creature who under stood baby-dom, and never interfered with any little family arrangements. Not a bit of it I The very first thing she did was to make preparations to sleep in my room, and Bend Charley off into a desolate spare chamber. Charley ! my Charley ! whose shaving operations I had watched with the intensest interest, mixing up little foam seas of " lather" for him, handing him little square bits of paper to wipe his razor upon, and applying nice bits of court-plaster when he accidentally cut his chin, while we were laughing. Charley ! whose cravats I had tied to suit my fancy every blessed morning, whose hair I had brushed up in elegant confusion, whose whiskers I had coaxed and trimmed, and- Well, any one, unless a bachelor or old maid, who reads this, can see that it was perfectly ridiculous. Charley looked at me, and I looked at him, and then we both looked at the brand new baby-and there's where she had us. You might have seen it with half an eye, as she folded her hands compla cently over her apron stringB, and sat down in my little rockingchaxr opposite the bed. I felt as though I was sold to the Evil One, as she fixed her basilisk eyes on me when Charley left the room. Poor Char ley ! He did not not want to go. He neither smoked, nor drank, nor played billiards ; he loved home and-me; so he wandered up stairs and down, sat with hiB hands in his pockets staring at the parlour fire till he could bear it no longer, and then came up stairs to get comforted. If you'll believe it, that woman came fuss ing round the bed after him, just as if he were infringing some of her rights and im munities. r "What if he did bring me a Bly piece of cake in his pocket i Who likes to live on gruel for ever ? What if he did open the blinds and let a little blessed sunlight in, when she tried to humbug us into the be lief that " it would hurt the baby's eyes," because 'she was too lazy to wipe the dust from the furniture ? What if he did steal one of her knitting needles, when she sat there, evening after evening, knitting round, and round, and round that inter minable old grey stocking, my eyes fol lowing her with a horrid sort of fascina tion, till my nerves were wound up to the screaming point ? What if I did tell him that she always set her rocking-chair on that loose board in the floor, which sent forth that little crucifying squeak, and that she always said " Bless me !" and was always sure to get on to it again the very next time she sat down 9 What if I did tell him that when she had eaten too much dinner, and wanted to take a sly nap, she would muffle the baby up in so many blankets it couldn't cry if it wanted to, and then would draw the curtains closely round my bed, and tell me that " it was high time I took a nap V'-I, who neither by stratagem nor persua sion could ever be induced to sleep in the day time !-I, who felt as if legions of little ants were crawling all over me ! What if I did tell him that she got up a skirmish with me every night, because I would not wear a nuisance called a night-cap ? What if I did tell him that she insisted upon putting a sticky pitch plaster upon my neck, for a little ghost of a cough-occasioned by her stirring the ashes in the grate too furiously-and that when I out-generalled her, and clapped it round the bed- post instead, she muttered spitefully that "a handsome neck wouldn't keep me out of my coffin ?" What if I did tell him that she tried on my nice lit tle lace collars, when she thought I was asleep at night, and insisted on my drink ing detestable porter, that its second-hand influence might " make the baby sleep ?" What if I did; was he not my husband ? Did I not tell him everything 1 laugh with him ? cry with him ? eat out of his plate ? drink out of his cup of tea, because, be ing his, I fancied they tasted better than mine ? And didn't he like it too ? Of course he did ! What if I did tell him all this T Poor Charley! he was forlorn, too; his cravats were tied like a fright all the time I was sick, his hair looked like any other man's, the buttons were off his pretty velvet vest, and he had not even the heart to get hi" boots blacked. Poor Charley ! Well, that nurse had the impudence to tell us one evening, that "we acted like two children." "Children!" We? Us? the parents of that eight-pound baby ? That was the last drop in our cup. Char ley paid her, and I was so glad when she went, that I laughed till I cried. Then we both drew a long breath and sat down and looked at the new baby our baby; and Charley asked me about its little sleeping habits, and I told him, with a shake of the head, that I could not speak definitely on that point; and then we discussed, in a whisper, the respective merits of cribs and cradles, and the pro priety of teaching it, at an early period, that impressive line of Mrs. Hemans: "Night is the time for sleep." And Charley got up and exchanged his musical boots for a noiseless pair of slip pers, and changed the position of the shovel, tongs, and poker, and oiled the creaking hinge of the closet door, and laid a chair over the squeaking board in the floor, that he might not tread on it, and, with one eye on the baby, gently shaded the night lamp ; and then he looked at me, and gave a little sort of congratulatory nod; and then he drew off his vest and hung it over a chair, and then-out rattled a perfect tempest of half-dollars, quarters, shillings, and six pences on the hearth. Of course the baby woke- frightened out of a year's iflVwth-and screamed until it was black the face. In vain its poor inexperi raced papa kissed it, scratching its little velvet face with his rough whiskers the while ! In vain we both walked the floor with it. The fire went out, the lamp went out; and just at daybreak it came to us like a revelation, the sarcastic tone of that hateful old nurse, as she said, " Good bye ; I hope you'll get along comfortably with the dear baby !" And so we did. Do you suppose one night's watching was going to quench our love, either for the baby or each other ? No-nor a thousand like it! For, as Dr. Watts, or Saxe, hath it, " It was one of the kind that was nnf Tinrn tn ilia " TTATmrv UVr.tij 