Ghost Witness-ship. In the.year 1749, the remote Highland di« triot of Braemar, in.Aberdeenshire, was the scene of a murder, which was subsequently alleged to hare been discovered through the instrumentality of the ghost of the murdered person — to which effect evidence was given on the trial of two men before the High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh. Fiotn the details of the trial, which have been printed in a separate volume by the Bannatyne Club, Sir Walter Scott framed a brief narrative, which may serve on the present occasion, with the help of a few additional particulars. Upon the 10th of June, 1754, Duncan Terig, alias Clark, and Alexander Bain Macdouald, two Highlanders, were tried before the Court of Justiciary, Edinburgh, for the murder of Arthur Davis, sergesiut in Guise's Regiment, on tbe 2Sth of September, 1749. The incident happened not long after the civil war of 1745, the embers of which were still reeking, so there existed too many reasons on account of which un English soldier, straggling far from assistance, might be privately cut oil by the inhabitants of these wilds. Davis had it fowling-piece, and money and rings upon his person, uud some oi him vaiuaoms weru aicei warus seen in possession of the accused. Robbery seeuis to have been the sole object of hi* murderers. It appears that Sergeant Davis was missing many years without any certainty as to his fate. At length an account of the murder, ap peared from the evidence of one Alexander Maephcrsuu, or Macgillius, a Highlander, a farm servant at Inverey, and about twenty-six years of ag«, speaking no language b'ut Gaelic, and sworn through up. interpreter, who gave the following extraordinary account of his cause of kuowluilgc: — ;IIu was, he -:tid, in bed iu his cottage, when an apparition cauiu to his bedside anil -.com maiichd him to rise and follow him out of doors.1. Believing his visitor to.be one Furquharson, u neighbour and friend, the witness did as he was bid ; aud when they were without the cottage the nppcai'uncti told the witness he was the, ghost of Sergeant Davis, aud recpicsted him to go aud Imty his mortal reiuuius, which lay concealed in a place which he pointed out, iu a moovluud tract called the Hill of Christie. lie desired him to take Donald Farcjuharson as an^assistant. Next day the witness w*ent to the place specified, and there found the bones of a human body, tuucli decayed. The witness did not, at the time, bury the bones so found, iu consequence of which the ser geant's ghost again appeared to him, upbraid ing him with his breach of promise. On this occasion, the witness asked the ghost who wero the murderers, and received for ansvrer that he had been slain by the prisoners at the bar. The witness, after this second visitation, called the assistance of Furquharson and buried the body. Farquharson was bronghtin evidence to prove that the preceding witness, Macphi't son, had called him to the burial of the bones, and told him the same story which he repeated iu court. Isabella Machardie, a poison who slypt in one of the beds which run along the wall in ua ordinary Highland hur, declared that, upon the night when Macpherson said he saw the ghost, she saw n naked man enter the house ond go towards Macphernon's bed. More in detail, her evidence was this: She saw something naked' come in at the door,, which frighteued her so much- that she drew the clothes over her head ; that, when it ap peared, it came in u bowing posture ; that she cannot tell what it was ; that, next morn ing, she asked Macpherson what it was that had troubled them the night before, and that he answered she might be easy, for it would not trouble her any more. Yet, though the supernatural incident was thus fortified, and although there were very many other strong presumptions against the prisoners, the story of the apparition threw an air of .ridicule on the whole evidence for the prosecution. It was followed up by the coun sel for the prisoners asking in the crossexami nation for MTherson, ' What language did the ghost' speak in r The witness, who was himself ignorant of the English language, re plied, 'As good Gaelic as I ever heard in Lochaberi' ' Prel ty well for: the ghost of an English sergeant,' answered the : counsel. The inference was rather aoiart and plausible than sound, for the apparition of the ghost being admitted, we know too little of the other world to judge whether all languages may not be alike familiar to those who belong to it. It imposed, however, on the jury, who found the accused not guilty/although their counsel and solicitor, and most of the court, were satisfied of their having cpmmitted the murder. Scott's hypothesis for the explana tion of the alleged apparition is that giving information is unpopular in the' Highlands, and Mucpherson got up the ghost story, know ing well that his superstitious couutrymen would pardon his communicating the com mission entrusted to him by a being of the other world. The ease of Sergeant DuvisJ who was hanged for the murder of a sergeant in Guise's Regiment, on the 28th September, 1749, and whoso crime was discovered, it was Baid, through the instrumentality of the ghost of the murdered man, remarkable as it is, does not stand quite singular, A similar one wliich^occurred m the county of Durham, in the year 1031, has been related in many books, and is the ^subject of a critical historical in quiry in Surtees's 'History of 'Durham.' The circumstances can be made out with toler able clearness as follows : — One Walker, a yeoman of good estate, and a widower, living at Chsster-le-Street, had in his service a young feniale relative named Anne Walker. The results of an amour which took place betweep them caused Walker to send away the poor guilder the can of one Mark Sharp, a col . . -.v /r\\. ??;.., ? . - ?-. v-. ? Her, pvofessedlyMBIt .she might be taken caie of as befitted h,'?'«rndition, b'r, in fdali' that she might no rn llW;'---1 troubles j to herMflver in this world. .0]Brj'1itlg was heard of her till one night in t jl 'Bluing winter, an honest* fuller named Jflerw' Graham, who lived about six miles frornh ifckcr's house, coining down from the uppe'an»khe lower door of his mill, found a woina ''10BaKlinfi[ there, with her hair hanging aboui ntcMjMiead, in which were five bloody woun[C(j» According to the man's evidenee, aft^c, m-*A given, ..und in Richard son's ' Tabl^'n Mt'k,' ?. it is stated . that Graham's orijall B Reposition is in the Bodleian Library! OxffnTBG asks her.who she was, and what she wiuited^Lwhen she gave an account of her sad fate, lBving l.een killed by Sharp on the moor in their journey, and thrown into a coal pit hard by, while the instrument of her death, a pick, had) been hid under a bank, along with his clithes, which were stained with her blood. She demanded of Graham that he should undertake the business of ex posing her murder, and having her murderers, punished — a task he did not enter upon till she had twice reappeared to him, tbe last time,, with a threatening aspect. The body, the pick, and the bloody clothes being found as Graham described, little doubt remained' that ! Walker and Sharp were the' guilty men.'' They were tried at Durham, before Judge . .., Davenport, in August, 1G31. The mode of discovery could not fail in that age to make a great impression, and produce much excite-: ment at tho trial ; hence it is not very sur prising that one of the jury, named Fairbair, alleged that he saw a child sitting on Walker's shoulder. The men were found guilty, con demned, and executed. 