The "Peckham Ghost" Captured. ; FOR some wooka past the inhabitants of Peckham ahcî ' neighbourhood havo benn annoyed, and many person's; alarmed, hy the pranks played by au individual who has ' earned the name of thu "Peckham Ghost.";i In' tho; I0110I3' streets numbers of persons havo been startled'by; the appearance of a figure clothed 'in white suddenly' confronting them in some lonely Spot; ¿nd children and women particularly have been' greatly alarmed.' For ' weeks the police have been endeavouring to catch - this ' " Ghost," but without effect, until November 29,' when; . jthe prisoner was captured. , When brought before - the : magistrate, inspector Gedge deposed that' several' com-¡ 'plaints had been' lodged at tho station of persons bein/; ' ïnlarmed by tho " Ghost." After the prisoner :was ? ^captured it was ascertained that a "'person carrying 'a Iialf-gullon of beer in a stonebottlo was passing along, when a man suddenly , confronted him, and throwing up his arms and : uttering . some dismal cries, so alarmed him that |he dropped, tho vessel containing thc beer, and ran'off' in tho ? ntmost dismay. Several other persons" had 1 been frightened by . tho proceedings of tho " ghost," and ' ; women and children in many instances were afraid to ' ¡como out after dark._ Matilda Ayres, a' girl about thir-" teen years of ago, said she was in tho Stunner-road; when' jsho saw a mau, whom she afterwards idcntiiied:nft the ¡'prisoner. He suddenly confronted her,threw"up-his: arms, uttered somo strange sounds, and greatly alnrmed 'her. She rnn home, nud shortly afterwards heard that ' tho " Ghost" was captured. Sha had before see him, and ho thou alarmed her After the alarm- was given that the " Peckham Ghost" was in the neighbourhood-of Sumner-road, a largo number of persons turned out for the purposo of capturing him, nnd ultimately'ho was followed and run down to ii house whero ho had taken refuge TJpou him waa found a quautity of peas, which -' ho was Baid to use in throwing at the windows of houses," and greatly alarming tho inmates late at, night.' Tho prisoner denied the charge, and said, " I am as innocent as a new- born baby." Tbn prisoner, who'said ho had " no home," was remanded. ' A telegram front Adélaïde to Melbourne reports tlint tile repair ol' ttl« .Tani telegraph Hue was delayed through tigersliuvlne attacked tho workmen, ;.... Wo ure £>'lud to bear, says the Melbourne Hamid, that Mr. Marcus Clarke hus reuelved a' letter via ; America to the ellVct. that u distant relation luis loft him I'lO.OOu or .CIÜ.ÜOÜ, and havu no doubt that toveral other persons will feel so ii No. The Inverell Courier has been informed that oin1 of the three rams exhibited ut tho lulo »how by Mr. E. Whit«, of Mount Pleasant, on being subsequently wushed und eli tiped, yielded no less limn fourteen pounds eil' wool. Tho ewe«, ulso, which Mr. White oxliibited, yielded an iiveraco weicht of seven mid a half pounds of cleanly wushed wool.. All the above- mentioned sheep ure merinos. The court appointed to inquire into thc con duct of Captain Ch I bee with regard to the woman AnnlO' llrilton, who wore his sword and cap in llourke-street on tho. night of tho 2üth Jan miry, rosumed its wntlt OH tho 2(ith ultimo, ut the bu micks, nnd concluded tho, hearing of nvl denen Hevcrul now witnesses, snyn tho Melbourne Daily Tclu graph, were brought to controvort tho statement mudo by Captain t;ilbee. Thu man ICerr stoutly denied all about thtsi nllogad permission to puss through ono of Annie Britten's, houses lo the roar, two other witnesses stated thut they had seen him in nud about tho pluce, and Annie Britten herself said that so fur from ber having tuleen the cap and sword, ns.' nUrged, they wer» pluceil on ber by Captain Gilbeo, who minie II wilber ol' L5 that i-ho would not walk down Kourke ut'i i t with tlii'i.M mid «Irin!» in tw" hotels. Bin- also accused him ni li IVIUK Niii|>lit to tamper with Jj<-r evidence, and tinily contradicted ulmus:, every word hu said. Captain Gilbeo iñudo a short und very excited Matciin-iu, dm inj; willoh ho si ruck the table violently, utt ielted thu characters «<f tho dif ferent witnostes brniiirbt, nguinst him, and described theil* statements ns belli« wholly falso, Tho president said tho court would report to thu Government, und tho result will soon bo known. Messrs. Lyster and Cayli have inBued tho prospectus ot thu forthcoming operu season ut Melbourne, to last, for forty- eight night«. According to thin statement tho opera season of 187.'t will be given under pceiiliarly favourable olruiiiTiHUliioes A. beautiful new opera holme, with everj appliance for tho proper production of grand opera, titted up with tho Kröntest clegiinae-tho uotuistle effect oareluU.V studied, and perlent ventlliition Bcoured-will give the dlruetois an nppnrtunify ol pinning tho works of the great muster» bfini'j the poulie, nf Mulbnurno In a. maimer fur cfi-edhig »ny ol' their lormer ellurts. The following ginini opera/' -viii Lo nnnlnred in mid lion to Ihnti! ulrcndy in tho injieiifirv :-I'Vu-dlnl'ii MOID III Emilio, JJalovy's fjii Jiilvo, Ap'illoui'M l/IJbi'tn, Mni'ehuUi'n tiny l'l.iij, Meyerbeer's Profeta, mid T'oid/.uttl'n I'oliuto. lu order Unit nothing may ba warn inj? in the n'Ufumbh the directors huvo «¡rent pluutmro in nuiiei.i:-;liig tho engagement ol Bi/ctior AiigiiHto Bimini, In addition tn nd thom* ftivourifu artistes who have hud tho honour of iippeiuim; lust season. The very bust. Instrtimeiital i"tM linvfi been engngeil for tho i.rohestiM, whieli will bo tho """.'. perfect mw organised In this country, »nd tho chorar, wit; bc larjjy «ml clllcleut, Tho r>ttcuure Ute iwiuo as lu ibruior i saunons. 