' v'.^'-a; short- a'oquain^ance.' .'?' ; :-'' : ,? :? ! (From the N. Y. Tribune.) . ; .. ': : ?'TllE!|Btato;'ofJsooiety' iri which homioide'hns bedoraereither a licensed diyersion'.'or1 an ao-' know'ledged , Dece9iity , . in .which . the , friendly intercourse pf^men ia frequently interrupted by ?what Mr.; Phoenix calls- f! the soft note! of the pistol,'; may well be regarded us somewhat more stimulative i than 6uliitary. Then and .there it in t.ltitf. f.iini'i.fiiii- vivnrn .ntihlinll' ATn1nnntni.«r 'cards',' .in! the newspapers', blandly 'showing how utterly-impbsiible'it was for them1 to 're frain from drawing the trigger, and from sud-. denly sending u man and a brother to his no- ? count with, a '? largo assortment of imperfections upon his, head and two or three leaden' pellets in hisbody.' 1 !Readors-.of newspapers may. have' : forgotten1 that in September, 1871,' in one' of the highways. of Krioxville, .TenneseB.'AGerieral' Olantop |wa3 shot by Colonel Nelson. For. this .'alight '''.liberty tnken i.with ; a fellow citizon; tp whom he had been, introduced .only, fifteen, minutes before, Colonel NelBon was tried, undi.was acquitted. :? Preliminary to all . furthers statement of'Uho'uffair, : it must be .noted that both tliedo military characters were in a high' condition of IBucchus. : Colonel Nelson has just . published adjudication of his conduct, in whioh. ho.'Bajs j — ' It may bo fairly iuforred, that I was under the influence of liquor at tho time of . this unfortunatB oueurrouoe.' When two men w,ho have known '.each, other for only fifteen mimitos 'become,. in. that short space of time, mortal oneinu's, alcohol as a controlling agent ' muj\be fairly inferred.'' Colonel Nelson says ' thai-. General Olantori without 'any provocation ohullonged him to mortal combat, from .which! ,we may conjecture that the General, weary of the piping times of .peace, was: spoiling for. a ' fight. ''He cursed Tne,'? , sdys,; Jfelspn, !'.and ; s^opd .over me ..with ,his hand under his coat'— oj jhittst,,'. 8u,spicibus'\po8ture, ': espe-' cially,: when' thWe 'are signs, of a' navy ' .f.t'r'11151,''10' UU,, ' www. UUBl-LUliB. , . HUIBUU MUQ, at thiji oritiburmbmpntj'nb weap'on.' ':£te fualied' into; a,'8a1o'o'n'; a'to usked iii' viiinfor the loan ofa pistol.', !' At tl^lT suggestion, of a .friend,'., he then'riiB iedjiritp''a' 'counting-room' and^oiied^ Without asking' leayej '.'a shot gun'; Now,' just' here,', it joe's riot seem to have occurrod toNelso'n ,; .'^'ii'being well away from his antagonist and' ' frohi;the navy revolver hold perdu under the(. ^Clnntdnjcoat-tail, it was liii business' arid' dbty! ' to keep awuy. Instead of so doing, he sought, once more the pavement, 'dtid'.oonfrorit'od ;the ' furiou* iG-lantdh'.: Quite' accidentaily, . as .he''- wishes jthd pharitably dispoBed to believe; lone barrel, of his shot .gun was 'discharged. The ^bijld^ G-lanton' naturally returned the fire rw^th';: hi8';'.'riavy revolver aforesaid. The shot gun in the handb of the innooont and neiico-loving Nelson wob not dilatory in.1 rospbndirigi.by thep irionth, of its 'second f'b'urrel, mid speedily the whiskified spirit of the Gonbr'ullfl(id' tfci the^future slate. How many friends und'.'irelativos wept for .him we uro not informed, buti nobody eeems so sincerely to have regretted his loss oa 'tho man by whoio hand he foil, and, who at tbo momorit . of his death had only been acquainted with bint' for. 15 minutes. Never was there a more magnanimous murderer — never did a manslaughters handle' his de funct more lovingly. 'I had no malice against him while living, says the Colonel, 'and have cherished none Binca liis death.' Thus it is that Col. Nolson shakes hands with tho ghost, makos friends with the shado, becomes reconciled to the departed spirit,, glorifies his Victim, and .praises tho memory of a man with whom ho never had anything to do except indeed to shoot him. Of his own porfeet and complete inriocenco Colonel Nelson has no manner of doubt. The quest of a shot-gun, tho return from a placo of comparative safety to tho Btreot, and the instan taneous discharge of the weapon, Nelson consi ders entirely cempatable with his theory of self-defence. He was muddled whon he did the deed — perhaps he wud a little muddled whon he wroto its history. The great truth to bo . deduced from this transaction is that persons addicted to whisky^and the use of firearms should be cautious how they suffer themselves to be in troduced to new acquaintances, since a quarter of an hour after the ceremonious hand shaking the fresh friends may be hungering and thirsting for each other's lives. Of the new views of tbe law of self defenco which this transaction opens, we have only to say, that their general adoption would lead to a fusilade at once destructive and deplorable, and perhaps to an abolition of the cherished Amerioan custom of introducing every body to everybody, ?? . ? 