MEMORIAL-STONE LAYING AT MALLALA. A novel ceremony in connection witli the laying of the memorial-stone of a sacred edifice was performed on Tuesday, November 18, at Mallala. At 3 o'clock traps might be seen approaching from the whole of the eight roads which join together in the centre of the town ship with numerous occupants of both sexes dressed in holiday attire. The land on which the chapel is to be erected is a very nice level site fronting two of the main roads. The building is to face the road leading through Dublin Area to Port Wakefield. The site has a frontage of 259 links to this road and 220 links to the one leading to Port Dublin or Dublin Bay. It was" presented by Mr. J. Jeffries. A little delay being caused by having to prepare the four corners of the building, it was nearly 4 o'clock when the Rev. J. S. Wayland ! announced that all was ready, and that the j trustees had followed a practice very prevalent j in the mother-country of inviting four persons ; to lay memorial stones—one at each corner. It i was the first time it had been carried out in this colony, but doubtless if it answered well it . would not be the last. He then gave out the <K9th hymn, the Rev. A. W. Wellington read a portion cf Scripture, and Rev. S. Gray engaged . in prayer. The first stone was tlaen laid by Miss Jeffries, daughter of the donor of the land, the other stone being laid by the Misses Moody, Secomb," and Ternby. The Rev. J. S. Wayland briefly explained the doctrines held by Primitive Methodists, and which would be faithfully ex pounded within the chapel about to be erected. • Subscriptions were received amounting to £17 4s. 6d. The Rev. J. S. Wayland, on behalf of : the trustees, presented each of the young ladies with a handsomely-bound Bible and Hymn- . book. Bottles were placed in cavities under the j stones containing the Register and Advertiser of j that day's issue, the last publication of the j Primitive Metlioditt News, a few other papers, and a document, of which the following is a copy:— "To whomsoever it may interest. The memorial stones in connection with the erection of this Slace of worship were laid by Misses Jeffries, foody, Secomb, and Tecnby on the ISth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy- three, being the thirty-sixth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., being the Governor-in Chief in and over this province of South Australiaanditsdependencies: James Stuart Way- land and Arthur Welleslley Wellington being the ministers of this, the Two Wells Circuit, Henry Secomb, sen., beiner the Circuit Steward, and Messrs. Thomas Bartlett, John Jeffries, Edward McHugh, John Forbes, John Attray Jeffries, Matthew Adams, and Christopher Temby, sen., the trustees of the said Mallala Primitive Methodist Chapeh In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, this under taking is this day publicly commenced/' The tea was laid in Mr. H. Warren's large wheat store, kindly lent for the occasion, and. was tastefully decorated. About 200 persons sat down. The public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr. S. Moody, J.P, The meeting opened by singing the hymn commencing "Zion stands with hills sur rounded," the Rev. J. S. Wayland engaging in prayer. Excellent addresses were delivered by the Chairman, Messrs. W. Daniels, Revs. Wayland, Wellington, and Gray, interspersed by the choir singing " The field is the w jrld," ' ■ The portals of mercy," and " Poland," Mrs. Pithouse, of Salisbury, very efficieL tly presiding at the harmonium. Collections were made, and iho usual votes of thanks passed. The proceeds of the day's collection amounted to £34. 