THE GHOSTS OF GLENLUSSA. In one of the most romantic parts of tho picturesque peninsula of Cantire, South Argyll-' shire, where the hills rise to the height of eight hundred feet, and command on either side panoramio views of the Atlantic-waBhed southern Hebrides, and of the ragged peaks of Arran rising np from beyond Kilbrannan Sound, are a series of glens, the haunt not only of wild loveliness, bat of wilder traditions. Oneof theso glens js named in Gaelic " Alt- na-dubhneaeh," or "the Glen of tho Black One " — i.e., the Devil. Tho before - named Dovil's Clou, which possessed a ghost of its own, was con nected with Stradnigli Glon, otherwise called Gleanu Strath Dutbnich, or " tho Country Glon," whore dwelt aoortain charmor — of tho male sex — who exercised power over fiends, fairies, witches, and warlocks, and whoso story I narrated in "Tho White Wife." Whore this Couutry Glon ninkes a 'sudden bond eastward to tho sea, it takes tho nnmo of Glenlussa, and is watorod by a salmon- stroain that flows into Kilbrannau Sound at Ardnacross. Iu tho last century, when it was not- necessary to " recruit with tho colley dog,1' and when men, as well as sheep, wero plenti ful iu tboso glens, Glenlussa furnished its full quota to tho volunteer company who fought for " King George upon his throne." It also supplied two local poets, Donald Kelly and Donald M'Lean ; and it possessed for an in habitant that ingenious old lady, who, when her sailor son brought her a pound of ton, in default of knowing what elso to do with it, soaked it, pounded it with tho potato " beetle," mixod it up with milk, butter, and meal, and, when sho had caton it, pronounced it to be " nana sao gudo as kale." And there was also another inhabitant of Glenlussa, its laird, Mr. Hector Macallister, who had married the sister of the Marquis of Argyll. Aud the story is told of him, that when ho refused to help Argyll against his neighbours tho M'Donald's, he had to fly from Argyll's threat of vengenco, hut was captured with hi9 throe sons near to Campbelltown. Whereupon his wifo rodo in great speed to beseech her brother to spare her husband and lads ; but Argyll spied her coining, aud ordered his men to hang Macallister and his sons on the Whinny Hill. " Which of them shall wu put up first ? " asked the men. " The whelps : and after words the old fox," replied Argyll. Aud when his sister reached tho spot she found the four | bodies swinging dead from tho gallows, to haunt her from thenceforth as ghosts of Glenlussa. Some popular stories are still told by tho peoplo of Gleulusssa in connection with their groat festival of HaWowo'en (All Hollow's Eve, October 31) ; aud ns that festival is tho very time for spells aud invocations of spirits, tho supernatural, as a matter of courso, plays an important part in such stories. I bore give two specimens of thorn, which include tho leading customs and superstitious of that Western-Highland district. Tho ducking for apples, which is so common a custom on Hallowe'en night in Ireland and tho north of England — and which forms a leading themo iu Mediae's- picture — is not mentioned here, nor is it alluded to by Burns in his poem on the subject. Ho mentions, however, tho nut- cracking, as doos Gay in his " Spoil ; " and iu the north of England this pastime has given to tho fostival the name of "Nut-cracking Night." I may also observe that on Hallowe'en tho streets of Campbelltown are paraded by boys flourishing kailstocks. And now to my story. It was Hallowo'en, and tho young peoplo in Glenlussa had mot to amuse themselves. They had boon at tho kail-pulling, aud worked it in this fashion : when the lads and lassies had boon blindfolded, tliuv woro mado to talco each other by tho hand and go into tho kail yard and pull out a stock of kail. If the stock was straight or crooked, or sour or swoot in its cunioc (heart), so would bo tho shapo aud temper of tho future husband and wifo ; and if tho stock was light or honvy with earth, so would bo the money in tho purse of tho partner. They had played, too, at cracking and burning nuts, to see which pair of lovers would bido together or start asunder ; and tho 1 girls had got the oatstocks to pull for their families, not untitling if there wore a dozou grains, but taking care to lceop the top one on the stalk, lest anyone should say thoy had tripped. And they had winnowed their three u tec/Us of nothing ; and eaten the applo boforo tho looking-glass ; and held the blue clow- lino ; and tried in ovory way to discover their futuro partnot'B. Whon they had tried those and soveral other games, and had used charms and words in order that they might droam or soo somothiiig .by which thoy might know their fortune, they got to Ogg-dropping. Then ouo of tho girls filled her mouth with tho water iu which tho eggs had boon dropped, and went out quickly to run round tho house. As sho did so, sliu j suddenly mot a stranger who was drossod in a j soldier's uniform, who said to her " Anij'acitdii . Um lain I — did yon see John r" The girl was tcrrifiod, for sho woll know that thero was no soldier at tho timo in Glenlussa ; and sho darted back into tho house, aud told what sho had seem. Then thoy all ran out to see tho strangor, but no soldier was there ; and although they searched everywhere, they woro unable to find tho pnrson who had spoken to tho girl. They then knew it to liavo been a ghost; and it filled them with such fear that nothing elso was talked of iu Glenlussa for soino weeks to como. But tho winter passed away, and they had othor tilings to think of, and oven tho young girl lmd aimost f'orgottou tho soldier's ghost, whon ono day that -sho lmd been to town (Campbelltown) to market, she saw some soldiers landing from a ship. They had ccmo all tho way from the East Indies, whero thoy hud served for some years ; and, as they marched up tho Main-street from tho quny, who should bo at their head but the very soldier whoso ghost had appeared to her on Hallowe'en. He proved to bo a cousin of a friend of hers, aud so sho soon got to know him ; and when sho found that his narao was Jolm, sho knew that it was not for nothing that the apparition had appeared to her. He made his proposals to her, and, as he had saved some money, they did not long keep company, but wero married and had settled in Glenlussa before tbe next Hallowe'en. So ends that story. Here follows a very short one, which also makes the ghosts of Glenlussa to appear on Hallowe'en with matri monial intentions. There were two brothers in Glenlussa, and on Hallowe'en they dipped their shirts in a dead-and-living ford (that is, the ford of a stream that had been crossed by a funeral) ; and, when they went to bed, they left their shirts to dry before a large fire, and kept watch to see who would come. And after they had watched for some time they saw the figures of two girls coming in and going up to the fire, and apparently turning their shirts, and then vanishing. And before next Hal lowe'en the two brothers married those two girls whose apparitions they had seen turning their shirts. Burns refers to this charm in his song of "Tam Glen," bat limits the turning to the sleeve of tho shirt, and tho wotting ot it doos not appear to huvo boon done iu any spocial water. Iu the appendix to Pennant's Tour tho charm is mentioned A3 boing confined to the sleeve' of tho loft arm, and tho dipping of tho shirt is ordered to bo done in " a burn whore threo lairds' lands meet'' at a "south- running spring or rivulet." Tho people in Glonlussa would scorn to have suffered from a chronic attack of the super natural. ' Tho throo following brief ghost- stories — iu which, however, thero is littlo or no point — are still popular in that locality. Upwards of seventy yuars ago thoro lived in Glenlussa a worthy couple nainod MaoKollar. The wife was exceedingly thrifty, and wrought early and late at her spinning. whoel. All the clothes at that time wore made at home ; and everything that was on hor own and her hus band's back was made by her own industry. Long after her husband had gone to bed sho would sit at her .spinning ; and as ho could not prevail upon her to lie down, ho hated tho hum of her whoel. One night that sho had continued at her work longer than usual, and had been spinning into the early morning, she observed a strange man. dressed in tho High land garb, standing on tho floor. Sho said to him, "Co:: as a l/taine thn-i — whore did yon come from Ho ropliod, " Thainaj mho a Thiivacmlan — I camo from the town of | Tireaeadan." And looking earnestly at hor ho vanished, although the door wu3 shut and I fastonod. Then she knew liira to bo n ghost, so tho thrifty wifo flow into bod boliind hor husband i.e., next the wall) aud uover moro troubled him by sitting up lato and disturbing him with tho hum of her whoel. This ghost was evidently of much servico to Mr. MacKellar, although its conversation was brief and far from terrible. The noxt ghost of Glenlussa is that of a girl. Thero was a certain young man who lived in Glenlussa ; and ono night after ho had gouo to bod, he saw a neighbouring girl, who was well known to him, come to tho window aud place her face against the glass, lie at once got up nnd ran out to her ; but not boing able to find hor, went back to bod again. No sooner was he in bed thau her face again ap peared at tho glass. Ho rnu out directly ; but could not see her. Again he wont to bed, and her fuco appeared at the glass for tho third time. Onco moro ho ran out ; hut no girl could ho seen. The next morning lie mot the girl, and asked her for what sho was so lato out of bed tho last night ? Wlierotipon sho allirmod that she had gone early to her bed ; and hor parents gavo liim proof that sho had done so. Everyor.o in Glenlussa believed that tho young man lmd seen tho girl's spirit. This story ought to huvo ended with tho marriage or death of tho girl, or something equally conclusive ; but it is surpassed in poiutlessuoss and lack of dramatic action by the following brief story, which is as popular in Glenlussa as "Jack and Gill " is elsewhere. Thero is a well in Glenlussa, and two lads went thero at nightfall to draw water. Thoy had finished drawing, and wero about to roturn home, when of a sudden, something black and awful rose up out of tho well, splashing the wafer and spreading it to a great distance. Tho two lads ran homo greatly alarmed, nnd gave information to tho people in tho glon, who at onco come and searched tho woll, but found nothing peculiar about it. It was thoro. foro concluded that tho lads had soon some thing supernatural. Tho last ghost of Glenlussa is of the common bogoy species. I Imvo yet only one moro story to tell of this locality, in which, howovor, tho supernatural portion deals with a dream iu- stead of a ghost. Between two and throe miles north of Ivil- conslau, ou tho eastern coast of Canliro, is a pot called Pinnivers or Pouinvor, whero stood a large block of stono, which was conjecturod to havo been erected many centuries ago, either in memory of somo hero who had boon slain in battle or elso for tho purposes of Druidieal worship. Now there was an Irish man who lived in tho northern part of Ireland, and ho dreamed a dreain in which was reveal ed to hiin this very stone or cairn ; and it was shown to him iu a vision that thero was a great treasure buried underneath tho stono. So ho left Ireland, and came across tho Channel to Southend and mado his way' £o Campbelltown, and on fo Peninver, until he had found the plnco of his dreain. It was almost dark whon he reached tho spot ; hut he im mediately recognised the stone, and found tho precise part of it underneath which the treasure was hidden. But us ho had no implements j with him wherewith ho could ruiso tho stono, ho betook himself to a smith who lived at tho | foot of Cnocscalopil, whero it slides down into Glenlussa. Thoro ho begged for a night's I lodging ; and tho smith, seeing that-ho was a ! stranger, furnished him with suppor and a bed, ! and also with a glass or two of moonlight j (smuggled) whisky. Thoy got very com fort- | able together over tho whisky, and tnlked | now of this thing, now of that. Tho smith was very desirous to know what had brought | tho irishman to Cuntire ; and although tho I othor hud intended to havo kopt his owu counsel, yet tho whisky and tho eauny Scots man wero too many for him, and he told tho smith tho wholo socret from first to last. " O," says tho smith, as though ho made nothing of tho news, " and is that all ? only a dream ! Why, I havo often and ofton dreamed about many a fine thing, and I always found them nothing moro than a delusion and a snaro. I do wonder that a sonsiblo man like you should havo como so lar ou such an errand." " I was tliiukiug as I camo along that I was a bit of a fool," says tho Irishman; "bnt having come so far, and finding the stono just as it was iu my dream, I should not liko to go back without digging for the treasure." "Certainly not, if it will ease your mind," says tho smith. " But you may depend upon it, it will not put any siller in yonr pouch. I have dreamed of buried treasures a score of times ; but with all my digging and dreaming,- I never turned up anything bnt hard stones. Bnt as you are bent upon it, I will take my tools in the morning and help you in your search." But no sooner was the Irishman in bed and fast asleep than the smith got up, and rousing bis son they qnietiy stole off to the cairn, whero they dug in the -spot the Irishman had told him of ; and there, sore enough, was the hidden treasnro. They secured it safely, and filled up the hole that they had made so that everything looked undisturbed. Then they got back to their beds, without the Irishman being any the wiser for their proceeding. In the morning he challenged the smith to go with him to look for the treasure ; and they went ; the smith joking him as he went aloDg, and telling him that he would find nothing bat stones and dirt. And, of course, the Irish- man found that tho smith's words wero trno ; for although thoy dug and dug, yot not tho ghost of nny treasnro could ho find ; nnd tho disappointed man returned to Ireland poorer than when ho left his homo. But aftor ho was gono, it was noticed iu Glenlussa that Iho smith nnd his family, who wero very poor, now began to be prosperous, and woro woll fed aud clad ; and whon every one was wondering what could bo tho reason of the change, tho smith took all his family away to America ; nnd nothing more has over boon heard of thorn. But how tho Gleulussa poople came to know of tho dream aud tho hidden trensure was in this way ; the smith told tho secret to his wifo, and the wifo, just boforo sailing, told it to a friend, who told it to all in Glonlussn ; so that their saying is a true one, " Tell it to a woman, toll it to tho town." 