EXPrUoseO OP DsJ?IrTr.-On Monday morning,: the l8th Janiary?' an aoidont attended by fatal coniseqleonceo'bourred iat the Moonta:mines, South Australia, by an explosion of dynamite. James Williams, workman, and James Purling, a lad,'had beon employed at an:early liour in hauling water from Bisohan's whip-shaft, and along side of the mouth of the shaft there wao a small paling Ihut: to- which at throee o'ilook theyretired for.what :minoers call " orib," or refreshment. In the hut was a ohest or looker. which contained, .besides .'airious articles of isndorground'clothing, nabout ra pound weight of the now explosive comipound known as dynamite, and two0oaneseach hold ing sir or seven pounds of ordinary blasting powder. Williams, it seems, fromn what he subiosequently stated, placed. on. the looker; a lighted candle, at the bottboltn end of which was probably attached a lamp:of moist olay, the usual substitute with underground workers for a candlestick : After:their meal, the'man and boy: both fell asleep, leaving the oab?lo burning. .iradudllyaB it burnt away the flame roached the cheat, which beinog composed of deal, dry as match-wood, quickly ignited. Soon..the dynamite ex ploded with terrific violeoce,,:blowing the :hut clear away, and hurling 'Williame and theo,youth: a distance ofsnveral yarde..: Thi~s happened at about four p.m. Two or throie men from Ryau's engine-hotuse, which is near, rushed to the scene of. the disaster, and found the man and boy rolling in agony on a heap of atones. . The sufferers, who were: lacerated all over, and whose clothes wore:tornato ribbons, were conveyed with all possible speed to their respective honimes, and promptly attended by Drs. Herbort and John Goss. Thelad, although severelyhurt in eovoral places, is expected to recover; but for Williams there was not the slightoat hope of restoration from the first. Ina addi tion to being out and bruised from head to foot, a portion of his chest largo enough to admit the inseaortion of a man's hand was torn away in such a manner as to expose his stomach. The sufferer wan agedO about twenty- five years, and had intended to mnarry shortly. It is a singular circumstance that no explosion of thle powder took place. The cans, battered and broken, and with comrn of their contents scattered over the ground, woro blown to a considerable distance; but the combustible oescapod ignition. Frag mente of the looker all ablazo woro foundl in various directions afteor the explosion, afflord ing abundant proof that the wood muot have boon not on fire by the candle. An incquct was subsequently hold on the body of Wil liams, when the following verdict was re turned :--" That the deceased Jame Hoaery Willianui died from injuries received by an explosion of dynamito and primer, a candle alight at the time having eat fire to the box in which it was contitned." MIss O'NItL.---Thi n6wSe of the death' of Miss O'Noill arrived by the last mail. The Athbmooouri 'gives the eubjoined short buht pithy biography of the great Juliot:-In '1818'there was a dolioite young girl pain Ifully sttolling, tinder the management f a , (1 :. 'L m ; . rollicking father, from one Irish town to another. Drogheda has the reputation of having seen in her the bright promise which she afterwards realised. Meanwhile, she played princesses by night, and occasionally spent part of her days without shoes or stookinge. The company her father ruled was destitute of nearly everything a player requires; but for all difficulties he had one remedy. Whether Juliet wanted a skirt or the ghost of Hamlet's father a suit of armour, the manager invariably' remarked, "sure, there's no difficoulty at all. Pat on a great coat, and you'll do very well." Father and daughter were doing very ill in Dublin, half-starving, while: they waited for luck, when it came to the latter all of a sudden. Miss Waldstoeio, the theatrical heroine of the hour, refused to act unless at an advanced salary. The manager was in despair when he heard of the priceless pearl that was to be had for nothing. Miss O'Neill was forth 'with attriched to the Duiblin Theatre, where she excited such sensitions of delight that the Irish capital was beside itself. Forth with, Covent Garden obtained her services. In October, 1814, Miss O'Neill made her debut as Juliet, and London acknowledged a new charm. Her grace, sweetness, delicacy, refinement, were things that London play goers had long been strangers to. In her first season she ran through a line of characters which filled the town with admi ratioi and poor Mrs. Siddons with disgust. The career of the new actress was as brief as it was brilliant. :It olosed:in July, 1819, with her performance of Mrs. Haller, and with the announcement that she would not play again till Christmas; But marriage intervened, and Miss O'Neill never appeared again. She may be said to have united the old stage with the now. She played, as the great Mrs. Barry did, Belvidera, Isabella, M[onimin, and Calista. She was also the Bhiiinca of Milman's Fazio, and the original heroine of Shiel's stilted and now-forgotten playse, but plays which included in their cast Young, Charles Kemble, Macoready, and Miss O'Neill. Her last season was the last in which Mrs. Siddons acted, that lady re turning to the stage for a night, to play Lady Randolph for her brother Charles's benefit. Miss O'Neill is said, after her mar riage, to have been rather ashained of her old calling, and to have never referred to it, ignoring even the passages in plays, in which she had'been most effective. This is probably exaggerated, for bho was present whenw Miss Kate Terry played Juliet, and sent to her a message of congratulation "from a Juliet of earlier days." In uLady Teazle and Lady Townly, naid in comedy generally, Miss O'Neill' was not great; but the gentle and suffering heroines of tragedy never had a more intellectual representative. She was always mistress of herself, and her judgment was:supreme over her impulses. In Decemniber,, 1819, Miss O'Neill married Mr. Beecher,,afte'rwards Sir William Wrixon Beecher, Bart., of Ballygiblin, couty Oork, who died in 1850. Three sons and two daughters mourn the loss of a mother who at the time of her death was eighty-one years of age.'. A New ULAaIrNT .-In the court of ses sion, Edinburgh, an action has been raised by William Stephen John Fulton, at 'pre sent residing in Edinburgh, against Archi bald William'Montgomerire, Earl of Eglin ton, "to haved himself deolired heir, to the Eglinton destates. The pursuer was for merly in the 8th FHusesars, and served in the Orimnea.; Oh Friday he presented apetition to the court'to be admitted to the benefit of the podr-roll. It was remitted to the sheriff. to inquiro into the ciroumetatices of the ease, and to take the Uisual preliminary stops. RErhAiurnALE PnsENtosNoi. - An extra ordinary celestial phenomenon in thus de scribed by the Lexington F'ree Press, an Ameridcan journal:-Shortly after the sun had.passed the meridian a dim hazy halo gathered about the sun. This is a natural phenomenon of frequent occurrence, and attracted but little attention. Soon however the mist or halo increased in density and assumed a yellowish glare. The outer edge of the mist separated from the main body and formoed a well-defined circle, in which the tints of the rainbow wore visiblo. A second, and a third, and a fourth ring of variegated colours formed in quick succes sion. By this time the heavens were the centre of attraction. All eyes were turned 'upward, and all over the city orowds of people colleoted in the streets and strained their:necks and eyes to got a good view of the wondrous scene. Olose obsorvore s coon diescovered.a more wonderful phenomenon than tho;parti-coloured circles. From the inner oircles small spheres of a brilliant whiteocolour were being shot forth in count less numbers. Some of them struggled slowly to the surface of the mist, and then sailed: slowly and gracefully to the earth in a 'direct line. Others woro propelled in dif ferent directions with groetor force and rapidity. As they sailed earthward the glittering globules grow lse brilliant, and at the (apparently) height of half a mile they disappeared ontirely from view. This wondrous display of celestial pyrotohnics continued for sovorrl hours, and wao wit nossod by nearly overy man, woman, and child in thi city. The omotions oexcited Iby the magnificcnt spoctaclo, more grand lthan any oarthly pa:goLant, were various. Among the ignorant and unporntitiolus the v'ildlot alarm was created; the day of judgment had surely arrived, and many woro the heorty atteompito to atone for a lifetimeo of nmi dleeoods by an hour'o repontance. Various theorios wore offered in oexplanration of the otrange spectaclo; but lnone of them woro satisfactory. I?,c-'l:ei. PIE::I'ION?:IS I: T'er: CJOLON'S:,. The 'UnJiteid orvice Gazotto, in reference to the payment of porsions to the penuionors in the colonies, obs?orves :-" Judging from a letter we halvo received from Adeolnido, it noomo to be desirable that a little inquiry should be rnado by the homeo authorities intoi the manner in which the payment of tlhe ponsionu of discharged ooldiors in carriedl on. There are, it appears, about (200 of' theorn in Adslaido, and osince the wvitlihrawal of the control oflicer" fro thalt intrion thu paymelont of the pensioners has devolved on a loial treasurer. Our correspondent informs ue that f'requent delays occur in payinlg t;he mon, auti thant they tometimce iiibior uullch inconvenene in consoequence. A imaitter of a far more serlous charactir, us involving au important prlnciple, is also nmonltioned, viz., that one of the local ofhicors took upon hism self to stop the pensloni of Sorgoeut-MIljor Jame' Qilan (late depot, 55th rogiment), on acotunt of somern complaint, allegation of ml?oonduot,'or of tyrannical treatment, made by:tho 'eigeant-?tjor against the pensioner's le~¢ta ?;[ t ? a* ? ' r ? d clerk, and that the home authorities subse quently confirmed their representative's eat, and declared the sergeant-major's pension forfeited for eighteen months. Now, with out entering into the question whether the statements made by the original complainant are correct or not, or as to whether reports have been kept back, and their place sup plied by incorrect or ono-sided accounts (all of which is alleged), it must be acknow ledged taking a man's pension away who has been convicted neither of any felonious act or gross fraud is a measure which is scarcely in accordance with the pension war rant, and one that may affect other pensioners besides the one directly concerned. It is true that gross misconduct proved to the satisfaction of theo commissioners of Chelsea hospital does, according to the warrant, in volve forfeiture; but we doubt if that phrase was intended to refer to such a case as this. Pensions that are in all cases so hardly won ought not to; be lightly withdrawn; and if acts like these are permitted, no pensioner will feel himself secure." SSTRERiES.--SPEEc' Ov TOE RIaH oT. ON. RoesnT LowE, M.P., aT. GQAaoow.-First, I would say a* word on a subject which is' really of a painful and absorbing interest at' the present time-thiat is, tie subject of strikes; I do not propose to go into that large and difficoult subject at this time-it is impossible to do so i but I wish to siubmit to you one observation on a 'particular kind of strike 'that I think has not yet been made.. It is ai very prevalent belief,I find, at this time at least, amoing the people that I con vterse with, that strikes can permanently raise the price of manufactured commodities; and;, further, that strikes so permanently raising them can be beneoficialto the working classes. I wish to say two or three words on this subject, because'I believe that neither of these propositions is capablo of being maintained: in argument. ' (Cheers.) You must remember that when there is a demand for any particular article or commodity, that demand is not for the article in the abstract, it is not an absolute demand for that article it is a demand for that article at a particular price, and if it cannot be obtained at that price a very slight rise will very often materially check and destroy the demand for the article. (Cheers.) Now, thetie athing whicb;, it appears to me, is lost sight of in these epeculationo about strikes. "If persons, by etriking, only take away a certain portion of the profite of the manufacturer, and the article is not inbreased in price-I do not enter in the leaet into the questionas to what effect that has--but supposing a strike to increase the price of the article, it is quite evident that just in the'proportion as it in creases that price it must diminish the demand for that article.' (Hear hear.) Foreign competition' is brought in; substi tutoes for the article so increased iin price are discovered-or if nothing of that kind can be done, people can' no longer afford it, and they learn to do without it, and therefore there is considerable diminution in the de mand for that article. How is that to be :set? Clearly, less of the article' must be manufactured, unlessthe business is to be come a ruinous one. But if loss of it is manufactured, a considerable portion of the labour employed in that manufacture must be taken out of employ; so that the first step in such a strike is to turn adrift a number of labourers who before were earn ing their subsistoence by that specioes of manufacture; and the second step is to give very exaggerated wages for the moment to those who still continue to work in that manufacture. Thus the effect is to eanorifice one part of the trade to the othor. But the thing will never stop there. You will thouen have this state of things: You have an article whos?e price is artificially enhanced, and the demand for which is therefore di minished, and you have a number of persons recoiving wages artificially forced up beyond the level of other wageos. What must be the noecesary offect of that ? Why, oevery in genuity will bo oexerted, oeverything that machinery carn do, overything that bringing persons front a diotance, or bringing goods from foreoiga countrioe can do, will be at tempted to boat down that price. Not only eo, but the high wageos that have boon ex tracted will be an irro?ietiblo temptation to other peronUo to flock to that trade; and in that way ovorything for which no much has boon e?crificed and eo much done, the high rate of wagoe received by those persons who otill continuo omployed will infallibly be boaton down at looat to the level at which it stood boforo tho strike began, and very pro bably muchl below it. (Ohoor.) What1 will then have boon gained by this transac tion? WVhat is gained is, that you have given to a foe porcons for a short time an exaggerated rate of wagos, while on the other hand you ha.vo turned a number of innocont porsons out of employmont; altogether you dioorganisoed a great branch of industry, and forced capital from one channel into anothor; and the lone is that after all thiie has boon done, and all this sacrifice mado for an ob ject so totally inadequato, that that compo tition which it is impossible fobr you to excludo will boat down the prioe again to the original lovol from which it wan raised. (Ohoors.) Lom'me'st.-Whon Mr. Disraoli, in tlhe loisuro of his later yearsr, bethought himnolf of writing a novel (uaye the :Daily N'owo), hi longt oxporieonce of Itheo tasto nd prodi leotions of .English eooioty euggotod to him that lee could do no lbettor than fill his canvnse with Duchoosec. WVithlout an array of )Dukoe and Ducheossone, rominlding one of a tulip-gardon or a ehow of ldablian, the ad vontures of a dull-brainoedl lout witl? £300,000 a yoear could ocarcoly havo proveod attractive to an English autdionoo. TIs ROItorANClo OF TIE t IMNES-M 0m twelve or fiftcon years omineoo, a party of man, in their senaroh for gold amoengat the King Parrot Crookl ranoge, within about a dozoen miles of Seymour, came norosr? a vein of what they believed ait tihe time a slaty substance, at a depoth of about fifty feot, ani throwv away thlsetll' nou10eo, antil saububunontly naacn denod thetir eoarih for goll in the locality. The ehaft, whlichl is on a portion of the Ker. rinoddle ii, teaeh?d utnil the other day, ni'obablyS, without a thought being cast upon it, when a veory trillineg incidont hIa ledl to its boing about to receive nOlme attention. On0 of thi pe'0roni neho liaid been engaged iu worltieg it formerly hlappened to be at the Kilmiore station, aid lwhilst waiiting for the up train to nrrive, he saw 000e otntf in blgo there which at once reminded him' of the stoff which h h hadl foundl years boefore. Il[e made iiquiriee as to what use that lpeculiar-looking stuff was, and upon being informcd that it was antituouy, he at once roeolved to pay a visit to the abandoned ground. He did co, and entered the shaft by means ot the old ladder, which still remained, arid brought to the surface a few emall lumps of really sups. rior antimony ore, which we subsequently hbad the pleasure of inspecting. The lumps were taken from a vein which must be at least one foot in thickness; and we believe a local co0i pany at Kilmore is at none being floated to commence active operations'upon what appears to be a preooious find.-SAymour Ecpress. FATAL SYNcOO?E ARISING ?FtOt \VW~NT or SLrauLtrlvrs.-A very painful case of seddsa death, occurring in Serjoants' Ind, Fleet street, was inquired into. by the coroner on November 11. The deceased, Mr. Thonias Price Davios, was the younger eon of a highly respectable Welsh familyresident at Bangor. Articled about two years einc ?to Mr. Williams of 3, Serjeahte' Inn, he had retained a sleeping apartment in that hoiise, making only occasional use of it. 'liert re turned from a two monthS' holiday 'tour in Sbotlaud on November 9, he was admitted by the porter of the innshortly befor mnid. night, and appears to have retired to rest in perfect health. Not appearing at his 'usal hour next morning, Mr. Williame directed a police officer to force the apartmeeit (the door of which was bolted on thi' imaide), when the deceased was discovered qtnite'dead and cold. His watch and some gold and silver money had been 'placed upon his dr?esing- table. The bedldtlhes 'i were scarcely disturbed, and the? only evidonce exhibited of any natural effort was the flct of the deceased's head reclining over the 'side of the bed. A post-mortem examination disolosed the remarkable faoot that the brain and most of the other organs were in a per feotly healthy conpdition, but that the stomach was entirely devoid of alimentary s usten. ance of any kind.. Dr. Thompson of Ser jeants'.Ino, who superintended the examinea. tion, gave it as his decided opinion that the heart of the deceased was of imperfeoot power, and that the absence of any stimulating elements in the stomach must have indu'ced a state of syncope from which he never rallied. The jury, whilst expreesingdesp sympathy with the father of the decease, who was present, upon this represontatioen immediately returned a verdict of "natural death." A mas IN BrAzIL.-A corri~epondenit of tle Boston ,Globe, writing from Brazil,',; ay there is a sp'oies'of ant ia thatf'oodniitry whose visite are very muoh 'to be drdaded, for they come in countless 'numbers,,' fre quently taking pdsession and.overruning a dwelling, when in their traok, driifig, the inmatoes therefrom'and destroying'eatables on the premiseeS. 'When seen appproacbhing, they.can only be etopped or the'.head of the column turned by fire; they will.asuicceed in passing every other barrier. ' On ascending the Oeroovardo we discovered.a 'colony of them crossing the roadway high up on the mountains. ' They were coming from above, crossing the road, and descending' on,the other side. They came in a column three or four inches wide, as thick as they could 'be packed and' rushing along with great rapidity. How long they had been passing before we saw them is of course unknown; but four hours later the stream was un abated and seemingly inexhaustible.. We found it impossible to break the line without its being immediately reformed. .They seeoomed to know by instinct the direction taken by those passed, and never deviate it the elightest from the proper route. The attempt was also attended with some,inoon vonionce if great care was not taken, for the stream never stoppod; it kept pouring down, anid in a very short time you found yourself eurrounded, and in some danger of being overrun, if not captured, yourself. It is said they will remove the flesh from the carcase of an ox or horse in a fow hourse, leaving the bones perfeootly polished. CELERCY As A NELVXINE.-A corrospondont of the Practical Farmer says:-"rI have known many men, and women too, who, from various causos, had becomo so much afoected with nervousness that when they strotshod out their hands they shook like asoponloeaves on windy days; and by a daily moderate use of the blanched footetnlke of the celory loaves as a salad they beooome as strong and steady in limbs as other people. I haveo known otheors so very nervous that the least annoyance put them in a state of agitation, and they wero in almost constanot perplexity and feaour, who wore effectually oured by a daily moderato uso of blanched olery as a salad at meal-tiumes. I have known others oured by neusing celory for pal. pitation of the heart. Tune ARooa.Ts or EVERYs HOUSEROLD.-* The pitcher and tumbler. 