LIBEL. Ebenezer Ward, of Kapunda, journalist, was charged, on the information of Rowland Rees, of Adelaide, architect, that he did on March 1st unlawfully, wickedly, and maliciously write and publish, and cause and procure to be written and published of and concerning the plaintiff a false, scandalous, malicious, and defamatory libel. The libel, which was then set out, was exactly the same as that contained in the information heard on the previous Monday. Mr. P. 0. Bruce said he appeared with Mr. Boucaut in this case, but as the whole facts had been stated on Monday last when the Bench was similarly constituted he should not make any remarks upon the. evidence, but would pro ceed to prove his case. Thomas Wilson Flemming and Samuel Frearson were again called, and produced copies of the Guardian containing the alleged libel. Samuel Frearson, farther examined, said he had read the alleged libel, contained in the Guardian of the 1st March. He knew Rowland Rees referred to. Mr. Rees was the informant in the present case. Cross-examined by Mr. Ward—Had known Mr. Rees since his arrival in the oolony as a respectable, honest person, and so far as his experience went would call the article referred to untrue. If he heard witnesses swear that Mr. Rees was guilty of gambling and drinking would not believe the charges without ocular demonstration. Mr. Ward, before Mr. Rowland Rees was called, wished to ask that his examination should be literally transcribed and every word taken down. The Police Magistrate—You are not entitled to that. Mr. Ward—My object is that 1 intend to com mence proceedings for perjury against the in formant if he states what is not true. The Police Magistrate (after consulting the Act}—As far as possible, the language shall be given in full, but to take down question and answer would occupy too much time. Rowland Rees, the informant, then said—I know the defendant in this case. I have read an article referring to Mr. Rees and the Burra election in the Guardian, March 1. I am _a candidate for the Burra election. The article is headed, " The Election for the Burra." I un derstand the Mr. Rees referred to to mean me. I am the only Rowland Rees in the colony. Mr. Bruce—It says in this article, " It is one of the duties which, as a journalist,. we owe to the public to expose shams, which are sought to be imposed upon public credulity. We say that Mr. Rees is such a sham. He comes before the electors with professions of piety and tempe rance." Now, are you a sham f (A laugh.) Witness—I am not a sham. I come before the electors on temperance principles and practice. I understand the inuendoes in the article. I am not in the habit of drinking, gambling, or blaspheming. With reference to the implied charge of. immorality, I most posi tively swear that I have never had either con nection with or knowledge of any woman of ill fame, and I don't know one when I see one. (Sensation.) Referring again to the article,.I may say I am not a blatant hypocrite, and I never blaspheme. I have known Mr. Ward personally for about two years. Mr. Bruce—Is he a friend of yours? Witness—Certainly not. Mr. Bruce—Did you ever number him among your friends ? Witness—Certainly not; I have never had any conversation with Mr. Ward about my candidature. There was some talking at him one day at the Globe. Mr. Ward made some general statements referring to the three candi dates. There were several gentlemen sitting there when Mr. Ward walked in humming, and one gentleman said—"Well, Ward, how about the Burra election?" Mr. Ward replied—" Do you think I take any interest in the crew that's up there. What is the country coming to?" The gentleman said—" Ward, there is a striking re semblance between you and Rees in the cartoon - of the Portonian. I think they .must have had the upper portion of your face in stead of his when they cud it." "So I have been told," said Ward, "and I don't feel at all complimented." Upon which I said, feeling myself personally insulted, " I am quite willing to poll this room and the country as to who is the more respectable person, Mr. Rowland Rees or Mr. Ebenezer Ward." Mr. Bruce—Mr. Ward did not care to go to the country on that question, I suppose? Witness—He did not. I look upon Mr. Ward as a low political bug, who stinks where he daren't sting. " Gentlemen," said the gentleman who first spoke, " I thought you were friends, but Ward threw the first stone; hut you will be able to fight it out on the floor of the House." Mr. Ward immediately retorted—"He is not there yet, and I'll bet a new hat he does not get there." After a little pleasant chaff about the value of bats, Mr. Ward went away. I have not spoken to Mr. Ward since. I never spoke to him about the election before this. I had been told what he said, but did not hear him say any thing personally. I have read this article. I cook the temperance pledge 10th June, 1872. I have observed it since. I consider the article most decidedly calculated to do me an injury. Cross-examined by Mr. Ward—I understand the nature of an oath. I am quite sure I am the only Rowland Rees in the colony. Mr. Ward—How is it possible you can be sure ot that ? Witness—By reference to the census list I think it is almost impossible there can be. Mr. Ward—You said you took the pledge last June. If I prove that you have been druhk since then will you say you are not a sham ? Mr. Boucaut said that was a matter of opinion, and Mr. Ward had only to elicit evidence. Witness, replying to Mr. Ward—Then I shall consider you are much cleverer than I took you to be. Mr. Ward repeated his question. Witness—I wish to state most distinctly on my oath that I have never had any intoxicating liquor since I have been a member of the Temperance League. I swear it most positively. Mr. Ward—You have sworn it already; but if I prove that you have had intoxicating drink since you took the pledge, will you not then admit that you are a sham ? Witness—Then I shall believe that I am not the only Rowland Rees in the colony. (Great laughter.) Mr. Ward—You now admit a doubt about what you swore positively. Witness—I have suggested there might be a ghost certainly. But I have not the slightest doubt about the matter. Mr. Ward—Are you positive ? Witness—If you want to badger distinctions, I'll allow you to go on as far as you like ; but it is hardly, necessary. I have already said I am positive. Mr. Ward—Will you now repeat these words of your evidence " I am not in the habit of betting, drinking, or gambling?" Witness—Yes; I will. Mr. Ward—Do you know the Criterion Hotel? Witness—Your Worship, I think that this enquiry, according to the article in the news paper, points particularly to my temperance principles. Upon those grounds I am ready to go into every single item of my life since I was born, if you wish it—(laughter)—but there should be some limit. I do not think that this question is necessary, as I am only called upon to prove that I do not do certain things now. Mr. Ward—The question is a very proper one. I can give no evidence myself, but wish in the cross-examination of the witness to bring out the facte. If His Worship does not allow me to go on I don't see how I can do so. The Police Magistrate—I do not think I can put such a limit upon you as Mr. Rees asks for. Mr. Ward—Have you ever been in the Criterion Hotel under the influence of liquor ? Witness continued — I have been in the Criterion Hotel twice under the influence of liquor. I have been there twice. I mi^ht have been slightly under the influence of liquor at the Pier Hotel, but I should like you to give the dates. Mr. Ward—Unfortunately I am prohibited from doing so. Witness continued—I do not remember ever haviBg been in the Buck's Head. Mr. Ward —In what other public-houses besides the two you have mentioned have you been under the influence of liquor ? Witness—I think I may say at the Crown and Sceptre on one occasion, once at the York, and once at the Globe. My great anxiety, your Worship, is to give Mr. Ward the benefit of any possible chance, and therefore I mention cases where I was only slightly gone. (A laugh.) I nevei was drunk in the colony. Mr. Ward—I would not have introduced it, but I must ask you what you mean by very drunk. Mr. Rees—I mean when he is incompetent to take care of himself and making a fool of him self in company. (A laugh.) Not one of the cases Mr. Ward has brought under the notice of the Court happened during my connection with the Temperance League. 1 have never been in that degree of intoxication which has attracted public notice. I am not in the habit of gambling. Mr. Ward—Do you recollect this cheque. Witness—Perfectly. (The cheque was on the National Bank, Kapunda, for £2 12s., and was signed by Eb. Ward.) I don't recol lect who I sold it to. I sold it be cause I thought it would not be paid, and told you so. Your cheques were so often dis honoured. I was aware judgment summonses were hanging over his head, and I sold it in Mr. Ward's presence. I received, I think, a pound for it. If they had offered me less I think I should have taken it. (Laughter.) We were having a game at hazard. You and IflfteB Mr. Mann had left. , Mr. Ward objected to names being brought; forward of persons who were not present. __ Witness—I mentioned it to mow I-"was ift respectable company—M.P.'s and such persons*. You were there, and drunk, too, .at the tilne. (Laughter.) I don't consider chicken-hazard, jambling. I consider so long as yon don't g® Beyond your means you are not gambling.1 I may state that occasionally living at a distances from town I am compelled to stay at the Globe for the night, and i have in a few evening® played there in a sociable way. Since Ihave beeir in the Colony I have played only seven times in. four years. I have never played for any iarga sums. The stakes in this case were very small. I think the highest we staked was from 5s. to half-a-crown. That is within my means, and therefore I ddn't consider it gambling. I can't; recollect who . was present when you gave ma the cheque. The room was full. There was a, betting man from Melbourne there, but I was not aware of -it till afterwards. I sold tha cheque to b'™- Mr. Trew -next morning, told me who the man was. I certainly should hofc •have played with hiin-had I'knownite a professed gambler, and can take care of yqur self drunk or sober. ■ . Mr. Ward asked to have these words taken, down. - ■ i Witness continued-r-If I have played 88E h®v®. -r stated, still I say I am not si gambler. J. was. playing onthe night the cheque was given foB five or six- hours; I did net go to bed at all* and did not intend to as the house was full. £ think- we .ceased playing at half-past 3. -Between that and the time I went out I took 40 winks. I was playing hazard about three and a half oe feur hours. I don't think I understand it new.! (A laugh.) Could not state the average number of ma-inn thrown in an hour. Should think nothing like 20. Did not lay 5s. to half-a- orowa on each main. Might sometimes when I lost have taken threepence to sixpence, or sixpence to a shilling. I have played, at some .of'.tkes® games in a public room with my. articled clerk* Three times I think I can swear is the limit .bat; I am not his guardian after he' leavestbeoflice.' He has been at the Globe and playing, whether E have been there or net. -1 played chicfcen-hasiard with him. I have gambled once at the Hamburg Hotel. We played Yankee -grab first, and utter-, wards chicken-hazard. This was on Octoberi23 J 1870\. The stakes at Yankee grab commenced at about a shilling and. -finished- rather high. I think at £1. I had never. " played before in my life and did not, understand it, and was Maying at Yankee grab' about three hours. Do not consider that gambling to my idea. I lost £8. I paid it by cheque, and it was honoured. 1 disputed-the payment in the first instance. I said T thought I Was cheated. A gentleman resented it, and made a furious attack at my nose. (Laughter.) Mr. Teen:: interfered, and the matter was amicably settied* On the following morning I asked for am«x planation of what occurred the previous evening. The arbitrators gave their-award, and I atouca settled. I cannot fix the dates of tta tima - when 1 played with my articled apprentice, but; it was about 10 mouths ago. £ played at the Buck's Head. It was before last May. I played cribbage - with a gentle* Twn.n living, in private - apartments, it .was - in an upstairs room. The game oommenoed for half a crown, then we went on to 10s., and afteC" that to £1 pergame. I wonJE2. . I do not con sider that gambling for a man-in.my position.1 - I. was' not under the influence of liquor, jWa had onlytwo bottles of porter. " . Mr. Ward—How, what' do you say toyour - statement as to betting and gambling?1 * Witness—I adhere to what I have alreadjr . Mr. Ward, referring to witness's staterifeufi about his knowledgeof womeu of ill-fame, asjfeed him to point out in the information or tha article of the 1st March any .reference: ta immorality. ■ •• Witness—I heard last night that, you wera going to attempt to prove it, and I thought E would anticipate you; I think the .words "mask of piety" Would include immorality. Then, aS to Mr. Ward's knowledge of Mr. Rees, it as limited to two occasions,, dhat referred to in connection with the cheque and once at the Hamburg Hotel, When you made an appointment with the bar maid of the Hamburg Hotel to take her oat in a cab after dark, she refused to go with- you because you were a married man, and when you. came in the evening a lot of gentlemen who pad assembled laughed at you in derision. Tha matter was the talk of the dinner tablenext -day at the Hamburg Hotel, where I dined. I knew that yon were a married man because something was said about a friend of yours going to amuse Mrs. Ward in the evening while you took the barmaid out. Mr. Ward—Do you say you never spoke to as excepting on these two occasions? Did you not meet me on any former occasion? ' Witness—I do not recollect meeting- you; but if you recall some incident perhaps I may. Mr. Ward—Did you not speak to me on one occasion about your relatives f Witness—I recollect your claiming to be a relative of mine, and I repudiated it. Mr. Ward—I think I can prove, from your own words, that you claimed to be a" relation o£ mine, and I did not seem to see it. What .you say has nothing to do with the case, and it is absolutely false. Mr. Boucaut took" objection to the-statement _ made by Mr. Ward, and thought it must be withdrawn. The Police Magistrate — Mr. Ward should withdraw the statement, and he could swear am information against the witness if he liked. .. The witness—As Mr. Ward makes this state ment regarding perjury I would like to swear it. The Police Magistrate—You are already on. your oath. . . , Mr. Ward—I am afraid that he thinks not.; (Laughter.) „ . Mr. Ward—I shall not take up-the time of the Court in going on with this point, but shall lay an information for perj'ury against the witness. Witness—1 think this portion of the article about Mr. Rees talking morality by the yard* &c.;, calls in question my molality. I am not an immoral man, but a moral one, Ij object to the whole of the article; but that is all which imputes immorality in my opinion, When I said you were a political bug, &c.;, at the Globes Mr. Parkin and you heard it. I am perfectly certain it was before March 1. Mr. Mann met me, and said, " How you have been walking into Ward. It has hurt his feelings frightfully. The conversation took place before the article ap peared in the Guardian. Mr. Ward—I think that it might. The Police Magistrate—Not as to piety and blasphemy. Mr. Ward—Mr. Rees has not challenged either. If he does, perhaps he will read the part referring to it. Witness read part of the article ending " We care nothing about what a public man may da except in his public capacity. If he drinks, bets, gambles, end blasphemes," that means me. Mr. Ward—Are you the only public man in colony? Does it necessarily mean you? Witness—I honestly believe that it means me.' and was intended to mean me. I object to the whole of the article. Mr. Ward—It states " he professes to be a martyr to Bank tyranny," and represents him self as one whom it is intended to crush. Have you represented yourself as a martyr to Bank tyranny? Witness—No. I accused the Manager of Using his influence for the benefit of his friend, Mr. Lindsay. Mr, Ward—It states, "if he were genuine in this we should not complain." You do not complain of this? Witness—No; it is fair criticism from your point of view, but that is not in the informa tion. Mr. Ward read—" Mr. Rees induced those who heard him at Aberdeen to believe that the Manager of the Bank of Adelaide determined to crush him by demanding payment of his overdraft, because he was a candidate for the - Burra." Did you wish to make them believe' that ? Witness—No, not because I was a candidate for the Burra, but because I was contesting it with bis friend Mr. Lindsay. Mr. Ward wished to question witness as ta the letter which he read from Mr. Souttar, but; Mr. Boucaut objected, and the Police Magis trate upheld the objection, saying there 'was nothing on the subject in the information. Witness—It is within my knowledge that you have expressed a hostile opiuion towards all the candidates for the Burra. I know you told abominable lies about rue. You opposed Mr. Bean till you printed his address, and after that you thought he was the man for the Burra. Re-examined by Mr. Boucaut—Every occasion, on which I was under the influence of drink was before I joined the Temperance League. There were five or six times altogether. Once at the York a gentleman gave a dinner in my honour,' and some of the most respectable persons in the colony were present. A parson was there, who sang a song which he would not sing in, the pulpit. He was a kind of lay parson. That was the occasion when I was "tightest" of all. That was when somebody, a very highly respectable gentleman, sat on a door step, but it was not me. I only played for money about seven times since I came into tha colony. I do not know that there is another Ebenezer Ward in the colony. One is enough. (Laughter.) To the Bench—Yankee grab is a game of chance I think. I do not know who supplied the dice with which I played, I am a member of a Church, hut t do not profess to be pious. . 1 "la™ to be a temperate man, but not a pious man. The Police Magistrate—You are temperate, \- but not pious. (Laughter.) By Mr* Ward—There may be professing ttemters of Churches who are net pious. There may also be a professing politician. You are an example of that class yourself. If talk could do wonders you would be a wonder. (Laughter.) . This was the case for the prosecution. Mr. Boucaut said he had very few remarks to make in this case. The defendant had ap peared and defended himself here, and so far both Mr. Rees and he (Mr. Boucaut) had been placed at a disadvantage, insomuch that a certain licence was allowed to persons unskilful in the law which was not given to other people. In the conversation that Mr. Ward bad referred to-he had done him (Mr. Boucaut) the honour to say that he mentioned to him that pro ceedings were being taken agauM* him» and \- advised him retain a professional, man. And he thought it would , perhaps have boon well if be had done so, and what he had advised showed that he had in no way wished to take adv&nt;≥ of b'm in this juatter. With regard, to the action t»k«n upon this matter the other day. he might soy for himself .that he had taken iha full responsibility of the conduct of the case. He had ihoaght it best, in view of the election |er the Burro, that it would be fairer for all parses that Mr. Rees should not be put into the box. He had been instructed hy> Mr. Rees, that if it was necessary. Hie prosecutor should be placed before the Oeurt for the most thorough moss-examination, and that being so, he tendered him; , but with all due respect to the Police Magistrate he might say that had he not had special instruc tions he should not have tendered him^ and . considered, not only that he did not require to tender him, but thought that he could prove to . , Bis Worship that there was no reason that the prosecutor should be tendered. _ With regard to the article in question, he considered the re marks .made by. His Worship the Police Magis trate upon it showed the impression ithad created upon his mind, and he did not therefore require to shoW by any furthur remarks that the article was libellous. It was such an article that he thought Mr. Rowland Rees was entitled to have the earn sent before the only tribunal that had impceed upon it the duty of investigating Buch charges^ namely, a Jury of his country, parti cularly as Mr. Ward had set up a justi fication of his accusations. He did not wish to say a word that was cal culated to influence the election for the Buna, and should not eulogise Mr. Rowland Rees for the manner in which he had given his .evidence. But he wished to say respectfully, and without any unkindly feeling against Mr. Ward, that articles of this kind, dragging private life before the public, should not be . encouraged, and he felt sure that His Worship would do nothing himself that would encourage them. He thought if all men had their private life thus dealt with very few men. would come through the ordeal much better better than Mr. Rees had done. Eds Wor \- ship knew that the present tribunal was not one . to' decide a case of this kind solemnly as would a jury; but if His Worship considered that it .'was a proper one to try the case, he should not object. So far as that was concerned, he should leave Mr. Rees in His Worship's hands. Ward, said he intended to examine wit nesses he had there that day, and he could girbdiicea. great many more to meet the matters which Mr. Rees had pet up that day. He was not aware that he was going to state that he had called him (Mr. Ward) "a low political bug," [ bebause he never caUed him anything of the kind ; ' and he could produce" the gentleman to whom he stated,he had made the remark—Mr. Parkin— who wise ready to swear that' Mr. Rees never called "him anything of the kind. He ad mitted if. Mr. Rees had done so' before he wrote the article, prvmA fade evidence, of malice on his (Mr. Ward's) part might be made but; but that could not be set up when he had never called him anything of the kind. He submitted that if he were to be committed for trial on the evidence of a man who made such reckless assertions as Mr. Rees had done in the box that day, any man might be committed on the same grounds.- Their Worships had_to determine whether circumstances existed which \- made what bad been written a libel or not. Supposing a man whom he knew to have been a convicted felon put up as a candidate for the JBnrro, and he stated that fact in an article, -surely he would not be committed for trial when the answer, to the charge of libel would be in the records of that Court, and the state ment was - made in the interests of the Sublic, so that they shonld not be made the upes of an unprincipled person. He contended that in this case every word he had written about Mr. Rees was the literal truth. He had • 3®oti written so much as he might have done. . ;■ ilHe oould justify every word, and show that the , gXpou that Mr. Rees was attempting to cheat -^he-eleetors of the Burra was necessary in the \- jnfieeests of the public. In Starkey on Libel j i titers were, plenty of authorities to show that tiMiprivate character of a public man or a man >;adiaicame before the public in the capacity Mr. Rees had, as it tended to reflect upon his per • BO&al; honour or integrity, might fairly be made : the. subject of comment in a newspaper; and he thought that if he could show that all he .. had written was written in the public interests, their Worships would not commit him. Moreover, he believed it was not the practice of the Court to commit on a charge unless there was some reasonable expectation of a conviction being obtained in the Supreme Court; and taking Mr. Rees's own admission of drunkenness and gambling at various times, and that he had three times played hazard in a public room during the last -few months with his own articled appren tice*- was there the slightest probability that any Jury in the world would convict him for ' having stated these facts in (he interests of the public ? A good deal might be judged of the value of a man's evidence from the way in which he gave it and the statements he < made. Now in one or two particulars Mr. Rees had made serious charges against him which did not in any way affect the merits of this case, for. example, he stated that on a particular occasion he (Mr. Ward) made an engagement to take a barmaid at the Hamburg out, and that he was disappointed in doing so, and his friends assembled to chaff him about the matter. Mr. Rees could have no possible knowledge of any thing of the kind because it was never oarried eut or even contemplated. It was a little bit of chaff concocted by some of his friends for a bit of fun. Mr. Rees seemed to have heard it, and then with the recklessness which had run through his evidence came and swore that the thing. occurred. - On another occasion he was prepared to prove, too, that the version Mr. Rowland Rees had given of a conversation as to some supposed claim of relationship between them was utterly untrue. He would call Mr. EL E. Bright, M.P., who would say ] that it was Mr. Rees who introduced the con versation, and claimed relationship with him. (Laughter.) He. went into the York one day and found there Mr. Rees, who was informing a number of people that he was going to be married next day, and he turned round to him and said, "Do you know Essex?" He replied "Yes." Mr. Rees said, "Do you know Clapton ?* " Yes." " Do you know the Pulteney* at Clapton." He (Mr. Ward) re plied. "I ought to, for an uncle of mine married a. daughter of the family." Mr. Rees said, "Indeed; an uncle of mine married another daughter." (Laughter.) He (Mr. Ward) 'said, "In that _ case your uncle must be Richard Blackie, of Liverpool." He never heard the name of Mr. Rowland Rees from Mr. Blackie in England, and how could he imagine he was bin uncle until Mr. Rees told him so, and be very much doubted it sow. (Laughter.) Mr. Rees's peculiar idea of gambling, that playing at Yankee grab for £1 was not gambling, explained the apparent discrepancy between his evidence and the truth. He had told them that he was a member of a Church, although not a pious man. That was the very thing. Only a hypocrite could be a^member of a Church and not be a pious man. (Laughter.) What he (Mr. Ward) had charged him with was being a humbug and a hypocrite, and he proved it out of his own mouth. Mr. Ward then complained that he had been submitted to a good deal of unfair ness in his being brought to town on Monday morning to answer the charge, and not being served with a summons till the Saturday morning previous at Kapunda; Mr. Boucaut having subpoenaed certain -witnesses, whom, however, he did not call on the Wednesday. He (Mr. Ward) came on Monday prepared to put Mr. Rees in the box if Mr. Boucaut did not do it, | and he had not tendered a single thing in justi fication of having brought Mm there a second time to answer the same charge. He did not think that a fair thing. His Worship—If I thought it wrong that you should be brought up again I should not have allowed it. Mr. Ward said Mr. Boucaut had done nothing more that day than he might have done on Monday, and that he complained of. He chal lenged him then to produce Mr. Rees, and he refused to do so. The points he was going to tender were these—first, that the comments which be had made upon Mr. Rees's character came within the scope of fair comment upon the action of public men. The only assertions he had made against Mr. Rees were that he was not pious or temperate, and that he was a hypocrite and a humbug. He hod not said that ne was immoral, that he blasphemed or got drunk, although his counsel had attempted to place that construction upon the article. He said, " It is one of the duties which, as a journalist, we owe to the public to * expose shams which are sought to be imposed upon public credulity-;" and it came to whether he COUld justify the following statement: — " That Mr. Rees is such a sham." Mr. Rees had admitted that he was a member of a Church, though not a pious man; and if by professing piety and temperance he had induced such a venerablegentleman as Captain Bagot andMe&rs.; Pickering and Cole, both good and - consistent men, to publicly advocate his cause, believing that he was what he professed, he was a sham. And even supposing Mr. Rees might state in defence that although he was not a pious and temperate man at the times to which he (Mr. Ward) referred, but that he was a different now, he might have made a profession that day of having become a converted man, or at any rate might have done so on some previous occasion. Not having done so, he had no reason to believe that he had changed his practice. The article said, " We care nothing about what a T»wn may do, except in his public capacity. If he drinks, bets, gambles, or blasphemes, so long as he does not do so publicly, or professes to be other than be is, the public have nothing to do with it." this it was attempted to be set up imputed blasphemy and immorality to Mr. Rees. He had not said Mr. Rees blasphemed, and had never heard him do so, and oven Mr. Rees admitted that that sentence did not necessarily apply to him, and therefore, so far as that went, the chaige fell to the ground. He had never im puted immorality to Mr. Rees, and did not know what his relations in that respect were; and yet Mr. Rees set out by saying that he com plained of. the whole of the article. Even in that respect he had attempted to make the Eublic believe what he knew was not true. If e went to Aberdeen and stated to a large meeting that he had been persecuted by a Bank Manager because he was a candidate for the Burra, and yet it oould be shown that the first letter which was sent him, requesting pay ment of his overdraft, was sent before Mr. Souttar knew he was a candidate for the Burra, would not that show that Mr. Rees was a hypo crite, and tend to justify h"p in showing that he had attempted to palm himself off on the elec tors of the Burra as other than he was? If he could show, too, that there was not the slightest evidence of malice on his part he did not think their Worships would commit him. In the case Ward v. Taylor, for libel, Mr. Justice Wearing would not allow the case to go to the Jury because there was no evidence of malice proved. If this case was sent on it must necessarily be tried by Mr. Justice Wearing, and inasmuch as he would not allow the other case to go to the Jury he would not allow this. Starkey said, " Malice in the common acceptation of the term means ill-will against a person;" but he never entertained any ill- will towards Mr. Rees, and never had anyoccasion to do so, and but for a sense of public duty should never have made any reference to him whatever. Malice in its legal sense meant "a wrongful act done with intent without any legal justification or excuse." He submitted that he bad abundantly shown that be had no intention of doing anything in a wrong ful manner without legal justification or excuse. He absolutely believed every word he wrote to be true, and he considered in the exercise of his profession as a journalist it was his duty in the interests of the public to make them known. Those who were placed in the position of public writers had a heavy responsibility thrown upon them, and they ought equally to be protected against false and malicious prosecutions; and he trusted their Worships would not seek to im pose such a severe -disability upon the Press of the cclony as they would do, if for writing without malice what he believed to be true they com mitted him- as a criminal to the Supreme Cpurt. - Mr. Boucaut on Monday made a great flourish of trumpets about having to cpme to the bowie-knife of America, the stiletto of Spain, and the duello of Italy if this were allowed; but the evil would be far greater if the Press was not allowed a greater measure of freedom. If there was one thing more than another which entitled England to the proud position she held it was the absolutefreedom allowed to the Press, and he maintained t hii newspaper _ editor who wrote u a man what he believed to be tine, and what he could show to be true, in the discharge of his duty towards the public interests, was entitled to protection rather than a malicious and false prosecution. In justice to Mr. he wished _ to state that when he alluded to his having publicly expressed an opinion that he should have been committed for trial, he did not mean to impute the possibility of any injustice on his part, but he thought under the circumstances he had better object to his sitting on the Bench. Mr. Buik said what he stated was simply that he did not think it was a fit subject for a public journal to take up a man's private character. He was not aware that he had said Mr. Ward should have been committed for trial, though ho might have done so, but it certainly would not have influenced him in any possible way. _Mr. Ward then called Hermann Albers, billiard saloon proprietor, who said—I have frequently seen Mr. Rees gambling in the Globe Hotel billiard-room. Have seen the gentleman referred to as an articled clerk gambling with Mr. Rees. The game was that called "hazard." (Here the witness explained the nature of the game.) I have seen plaintiff playing three or four different times, but cannot fix the date. It might be six or eight months ago. •Some times Mr. Rees played as late as between I and If I nm told that the statement "he is neither pious nor temperate" referred to Mr. Rees I should say it was true. By Mr. Boucaut—-The articled apprentice referred to is often in at my place without Mr. Rees and oftener. I have seen Mr. Rees play ing in my saloon. I don't know the exact mean ing of the word " temperate." The Police Magistrate—Do you know the meaning of "pious." Witness—No, I do not. (Laughter.) By MR Boucaut—I have seen plaintiff playing hazard with the young man at a higher stake than 13s. I will not swear that it was within 10 months. Solomon Aarons, clerk at the Globe Hotel, said—I have seen Mr. Rees gambling on two occa sions, and once played hazard with him myself. A person can lose 4s. or £40 on one main. When Mr. Rees, on the occasion spoken of, took the bank at hazard he bet with the two other players. At the game we were playing a person could not lose less than 10s. I have gambled with Mr. Rees since the time be says he has taken the pledge. I have seen Mr. Rees drink, but not beyond a glass of sherry. By Mr. Boucaut—I have been in the employ of Mr. Trew of the Globe Hotel since Sep tember 30. At_ the time I commenced playing with Mr. Rees it was 1 in the morning, and he was staying in the . house. Coleman and Flamming were not present. I know Coleman, but cannot say whether he is a betting man. Saw him on the night of the Hunt dub meeting. I believe he was not in the room when I was gambling with Mr. Rees. It was in October that I played with plaintiff. Mr. Rees left at 0 a.m., and I have not played with him since. 1\. have had no conversation with Mr. Ward about this case nor with his friends. I dont know that he has any. (Laughter.) 1 saw Mr. Rees drinking a glass of soda and shetTy yesterday at the Globe. I took it in myself from the bar. Mr. Trew was there. Mie bell rang and the order was given for soda and sherry, and a glass of ale, I believe. I think Mr. Rees drank it. He took it in his hand. I should think he would not throw it away. (Laughter.) I think Mr. Trew had the beer. R sherry in a big glass and poured the f°da mto it. Never saw Mr. Rees drink sherry . before. Have seen him take soda or lemonade. At the game of hazard mentioned there were I present Mr. Albers and Mr. George Aldridge (from whom Mr. Rees borrowed money to play with). (Laughter.) Cannot remember who the others were. Charles Jonah Lawrence, Keeper of H.M. Gaol, deposed—I saw Mr. Rees at the Buck's Head Hotel playing cards, I think for £6, for some number of games. (Mr. Boucaut—" Hor rible in the extreme !") The game was cribbage. Mr. Rees was excited a little, but I can'tsay that it was from drink. It is nearly twelve months ago. I was asked, but declined to be stakeholder. The game was played in a public room downstairs. Mr. Trew, landlord of the Globe Hotel, called by Mr. Boucaut, said—I asked Mr. Rees to have a drink. He had something with soda water. I don't know what it was. I think it was raspberry or peppermint. I think Mr. Aarons handed me Mr. Rees's drink, and I changed them. By Mr. Ward — I am quite certain that Mr. Rees did not have anything intoxi cating. It might have been sherry, but I did not see it drawn. I have seen plaintiff gambling. Saw him very close to having his nose pulled iii a public- house over a gambling affair. Rowland Rees, plaintiff, said on the occasion referred to he ordered soda first, and then said "You can put a little raspberry in it." Mr! Trew had sherry, I did not drink any sherry on that occasion. What Mr. Aarons said was not true. The occasion when I played with him was just after the race meeting. Mr. Boucaut said he must ask for a com mittal. He must say that it was not right under any circumstances for a public writer to call up matters connected with private life of any man as Mr. Ward had done. Mr. Ward—I will first say something— The Police Magistrate—You can say what you i like, but it will be taken down and used against you at your trial. I Mr. Ward—I have written that which is true, and t have proved it to be true here to-day. I knew all that I have said to be true. Mr. Rees has admitted it all, and I have proved the gambling at least by other witnesses. I acted without any malice and under a sense of public duty. Mr. Rees never made any statement at all to me on the occasion when he says he said I waB a "political bug." 1 will reserve any further remarks for the Jury. Mr. Beddome—You are committed to take your trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court on the 13th of May next. The Police Magistrate having waited a short time, the Court rose, and Mr. Ward remained in custody. Several gentlemen present urged Mr. Ward to apply for bail, and he having intimated his wish to do so, which was announced to Mr. Beddome, The Police Magistrate again took his seat on the bench. Mr. Ward—My friends have advised me to apply for bail, but I don't care much about it. 1 thought bail was compulsory in such a case. The Police Magistrate—You have never ap plied for it. Mr. Ward—What bail will you take, Sir ? The Police Magistrate—Yourself in £20, and two sureties in £10 each. Mr. Ward—Oh 1 then I have much pleasure in tendering it. Mr. Ward was then admitted to bail, and the Court rose. 