CONGrBEGrATIONAL SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION. In connection with the Special TTnited Services this week a new feature was introduced. The half-yearly meeting of the Northern Association of Congregational ministers was held in Ka" panda on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, and it was therefore resolved to combine these meetings with the special services. On Tuesday evening a large congregation assembled at the Congregational Church. The meeting was pre sided over by the Key. M. Williams, who, after prayer had been offered by the Eev. C. H. Goldsmith, made a few remarks explanatory of the special character of the meeting. The Hev J. H. Fergusson, of Salisbury, gave a very clear and telling address upon " Holiness in the Church." Soilness in the Church meant holi ness in the individual members, the Church as a corporate body being just what the individual members were. Soilness was not a mere senti ment, but the constant prevailing influence of its power over the heart and life at all times. He rejoiced that such a life was possible, and that while special and rare gifts were needed for the wort of the ministry and for other spheres of work, holiness was an attainment within the | reach of every christian. The power of the Church for good depended most, next the in fluence of the Holy Spirit, upon the personal ' holiness and consistency of its members. After a few verses had been sung, the Bev. J. Gibson, of Angaston, followed with a very earnest address upon early decision for Christ. He re ferred to many of the reasons why this was desirable, and proceeded to expose some of the objections against it which are often raised. The rev. gentleman illustrated the different parts of his address in a -very telling way ; and closed by urging upon his audience not to delay yielding themselves to the Saviour. The Sev. P. Barr, of Truro, next gave an address upon "Wailing on the Lord." This, he said, was a duty too frequently neglected, but was in fact the link which bound us to God's most gracious promises. For all blessings in this life and in the life to come, the promises were associated with waiting upon God. A short prayer-meeting was afterwards held, in which the Bev. J. M. Day, and Messrs. Nock, Lewis and others took part. These special services were continued on Wed nesday evening, when other members of the Congregational Association delivered addresses. The opening portion of the service was conducted by the Bev. Mr. Williams, who expressed the view held by himself and his ministerial brethren in the town, that the visit of these gentlemen was not to be regarded aB a mere accident, but rather aB a special dispensation of Providence; and that it became all the denominations to sink their minor differences that they might unite in seeking to enforce those great and important truths, in which they were all agreed. Mere creeds were comparatively unimportant things ; the one essential point was that they should believe in Christ, and accept the salvation offered by him. The Bev. Mr. McMichael, of Gawler, was then called, who remarked that movements such as that now going on in Eapunda appeared to be springing up in the various places, and at Gawler last week each of the churches were crowded at the services held therein, which services ter minated on Sunday by a united prayer meeting, held in the Gawler Wesleyaa Church, and which, large though it was, was not too large for the assembly which met there on that occasion. He believed good was already resulting from these movements. The subject on which he had briefly to address them was " The duty of all who heard it to receive the Gospel." This was a duty which should commend itself to the hearts and judgments of all present, but if there were any who had not yet practised it he hoped some word spoken that night might induce them to do so. The rev. gentleman first dwelt on what was understood by the reception of the Gospel, viz., the belief in a personal Saviour, and in the efficacy of his sacrifice. There were Bome essential truths in religion, and one was that they could come to God only through Christ, and this they could not do if they did not receive Christ as a personal Saviour ; and they were to receive him into their hearts for the purpose which brought him into the world, which was not merely to be a teacher and an example, but chiefly to seek and save those who were lost. They ought to receive the Gospel because it was a duty they owed to God their Father, who so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son to die for it, that those who believed in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. If they did not so receive it, they not only trampled on God's law, but what was still worse, on his love. They ought also to receive the Gospel as a duty they owed Christ, who gave himself to redeem them, by satisfying the obligation of the law, and to remove the moral difficulty which hindered man from coming to God. To receive the Gospel was a duty, too, which they owed to the Holy Ghost, whose presence was, as the Saviour told them a greater blessing to humanity than even the personal presence of Christ. They owed it as a duty to themselves—to their higher nature and aspirations to receive that gospel, through which alone they could have the hope of a happy and glorious eternity. Man was God's work, and they had no right to do that which would injure God's work, or to neglect to do that by which its power would best be de veloped- They were still furher bound to re- I ceive the Gospel, because on them was laid the responsibility of communicating its glad tidings j to others, to those immediately around them who had hitherto spurned its teachings, as well also as to those who as yet had never heard its joyful sound. In concluding a very earnest appeal, Mr. McMichael besought all his hearers who had not already done so at once to receive the gospel, for " J&Tojc; is the appointed time there were no to morrows in the Bible promises or injunctions. The Rev. Mr. Dick, of Alma, followed in an admirable address on "The Influence of the Holy Spirit/' Since creation, but more especially since the ascension of Christ, this Third Person in the Trinity had been operating with increased force, taking of the things of God and showing them to the^ children of men. They could not explain or understand all His modes of action. Some were taught to see God in the "wonders of creation, and others in the dispensations of His providence. But the Spirit chiefly taught them by enforcing on their hearts the truths contained in God's Holy Word—showed them the differ ence between this Word and the uninspired writings of men. How few there were who cared to study that Word in the light of the Holy Spirit's teaching. They turned aside from its rebukes and precepts, preferring rather to die of mortification than to endure the pain of the Burgeon's knife—to perish in the snow wreath rather than endure the agony of a forcible de liverance. The truths of bistoiy, science, and art, however important, were all subordinate to the truths of religion, and served but as the pedestal on which to exalt this greater truth— that Jesus came to be the Saviour of all man kind. To derive good from the study of God's Word they needed to read it in an earnest prayer ful manner, not listlessly and carelessly. If they had not the Spirit in their hearts they would neither see the beauties of that Word nor feel its power. Many deferred the period of coming to God, waiting for some special revelation of God to to themselves—some peculiar dispensation by which they should be drawn upwards; but this was a mistake. All the revelation they needed of God was contained in the Word of God, which was so cheap that all could obtain it. The gist and tenor of the Spirit's teaching was that "The Spirit and the Bride say, come; let him that heareth say, come; and let him that iB athirst come; and whosover will, let him take the water of life freely." To the young in life in particular he felt he could speak most earnestly beseeching them by the Spirit's aid to take the Bible to be their guide for life and their surety for eternity. The Bev. Mr. Coward, of Truro, followed in a brief but earnest address on the uncertainty of time and the necessity of preparing for eternity. As years advanced, and the journey of life was nearly accomplished, the years appeared to roll round with increased rapidity, rendering the remnant of their lives still more precious. When younger, a year appeared to be long period; but now weeks, months and years rolled by as it were at express pace. Time, though often lightly estimated and prodigally wasted, was really one of God's greatest gifts—more valuable than the gold of all the Auatralias. Man did not cease to be when he ceased to live; and as man was a an intelligent and responsible creature, as well aB possessed of an immortal soul, his chief concern should be to prepare for eternity. It was not absolutely necessary that man should be rich, or honoured of his fellow-men, but it was necessary that he should be saved. The preciousness of time was manifested by the way in which it was dealt out to them—not from year to year, or from month to month—but from moment to moment—each beat of their pulse might be the last. Both Providence and the Spirit taught them to make the best use of the time accorded them—to seek earnestly and importunately to secure the salvation of their souls whilst it was called to-day, for lost time could never be recalled or redeemed. In conclusion, the rev. speaker spoke of the absolute nothingness of wealth, and worldly honours and pleasures, when com pared with the salvation of the soul, and besought all present to use aright the time which God had given them, and not to rest contented until they j had acquired a personal interest in the Saviour's finished work. A short prayer-meeting, in which the Bev. Messrs. Goldsmith, Baymond and Fergusson took part, brought the proceedings to a close. 