with vnicrf is urcoaroviTiD run i.AvifansroN tim es If OKB1T, JrJSE 23, 1873. Tan debate upon tlie address was con dueled trith anusnal pood temper, although confined entirety to officiaitnlngormti. The ' outs' and 'ins' put forth their loaders and not a single 'outsider' liad the oonrnirf to interfere The attack was led by Mr Chapmin, who, irilb diaracterialie modeElj-, assaUid thoso men who had ?uncrsedeil him, on tbi rery grounds ],c had binwolf toen tried upon and condamnod b/tue counlrp, TI10 mectin/jof Parlia montwas ' too long delayed,' and the oourcnicncc of hou. jneubgrt not Buffi oionlly consulted ai to fie period of the your selected to brine; them together. Some defaults wore attributed in the ad ministering of the details of railway rmnapfcrncnt, and various other sntill de fects (elected for eictondinp; the vreary im peachment, uttered by tko liirico con demned tni«-manngcr of (he public finances. Upm one point l[r Chapman was unusually demonstratire, and «x hibi&ccl; a rctinenco of memsrr creatcr then s7l- could hare credited htm for. He guTp verbatim the whole of three leading article, or the Mrrrui-j on the imputed robbery of llfo road dislrictt, and vrcrc \t not that lie expressed Mmtelf in less gratnniaUcil language, than his moutli«picre, »» should liare been in cliucd to think he must bare yaikJ 0 large portion of hit unoasupSei) time in committing to memory the moil abuse of Ui favored organ. After all, there is no intention on the part of Ministers to re pudiate Ilia obltKata'ons of 1I10 country to the Bond Trails. The Ministry irhisli dist.hieed Ktr Cltapaian found ihanjielrM endoired vith a lianltrupt Treasury, and compeHei at the tame lime tn uphold tiie public credit. TTpon tho pnblic credit the tcttMtfyntfiifquiBtitf dfjwpdi, wd although it may be an inconrenieaoe to many localities lo hare the aid to roadi not pafd at tits usual time, there waa no choice l«ft(o Itinilter* bctvaea caring for die public oredit and postponing the payment of local obligations. There wai, of course, another Foy of aroidisg the diffioulty, aid that wai by imitating Mr Chapman's practise when Treasurer or borrowing wilhoulhaviugany souud means of providing for repayment. Mr Innes might ,iave raised the * 10,000 or £12,000 upon the credit of the laud fund, and like bis predecessor ' aquoeced' it out of the unfortunato purchaiors of Crosrn lands. Ho might at tho oxpansc of hundreds of families, and to the loss of the revenue in other vnys, havo made sacrifioe of the bone and sinew of tho colony, and helped its bunpoeary w&aU; Jjy Che infliction of permanent injury. Like a vise man ho has not done £0, and vre commend htm for it He lias preferred to rely upon the - assertion of Parliament to do justice lo tlie road district*, and to keep faith with the public of Tasmania. If faith be not kept it will bo the fault of our represontativca, not that of Ministers, onco they do thoir duty by submitting the case in all its details to Parliament. We hope we shall noto0V-nd IV. Butler by pointing out one very palpable mistake in his address to the House. He blamed Ministers for shaping their policy not according to thoir own views, but to thotemperandtonoof the majorityoftliorepresentatinttofthe people. Ifow w» mould respectfully ailc the learned gentleman to point out to us any instance of a successful statesman who lias aoled upon any other principle, or been guided by any other political ttarF ] What is it tliat.couititutea .a statesman F The perfection of the rery ability Mr Chapman himself condemns. A much greater authority than Dr. Butler has given ub an idea of n statesman. We hope we shall not be considered as wantonly offensive when we declare our preference for Burke lo Dr. Butler. The former lays it down ' that a statesman differs from a professor in a university j the latter has only the gcueral view of society j the former, the statesman, has a number of circumstances to combine with those general ideas and to tako into his consideration. Circumstances arc in finite, are infinitely combined, are variable and Lransiont; ho who ioos not take them into consideration is not erroneous but stark mad.' And again—' Tito temper of the people amongst whom lie presides ought therefore to be the first atudy of a statesman.' We shall not presume to add any remarks to the dietum of so eminent an authority, and we feel as sured Dr. Butler will admit that his pronouncement on the occasion re ferred to 18 fairly open to criticism. The debute was in reality resultless, ex cept (hat it afforded an opportunity to Ministers to dispose of some of tho silly impeachments of adversaries. Mr Gib tin, as usual, was wordy, and when with out a case, purposeless. Mr Chapman maintained liia reputation for effrontery and recklessness of accusation ; but his speech bid no apparent effect. He is evidently not a man of the time, but a representative of that hybrid system of Govern mentwhichpartakesin almoatequal shares of tho penal and representative. Ho seems utterly ignorant of the practi cal knowledge with which it is essential all governing men should be familiarised, and no man now before the public ig more unfit to manage the financial affairs of the oolony than this much lauded idol of ifemirg worship, Pntil the financial statement is delivered, the business of Parliament may be considered as not yet commenced. Tne astonishing progress made by the contractors in the conslraslion ol tlie Main Line Railway, as detailed by our special reporter in last issue, should be a matter of congratulation for the people ef Tasmania. Already a fourth of (he dis tance which intervenes between the northern and southern capitals of the island U ready for the laying down the sleepers and rails. The works are being rapidly carried on by some 1,500 men. Auxiliaries are lauding on ourshores to supplement their efforts. Materials, rails, aud locomotives are in course of importation, and before many month, this great civilising element will bring both ends of the island wiltiin a few hours' dis tance of each other. True there are those who say that we arc not ripe for the intro duction of railways, but it is equally true that the duty of conitruoUng rail ways is only a question of time, and if we are a few years in advance of that period, we opine that no scrums conse quences will ariso and we must not lose sight of the circumstance that the ex perience of all countries during the pre sent generation, has cxeraplflloA tho fact Uutt speedy and cheap transit by rail roads and other means not only increases the existing traffic, but actually creates traffic where none existed before. With such results before us, it cannot bo other wise supposed than that the additional facilities for interchange which will be afforded by the Main Line of Bailway, will sot fail, to develop many of the latent resources of the country, to give an impetUB to new industries, a stimulus to our agricultural interests, a vitality to our trade, and a corresnonding importance to our exports. It is a fact, however, that every improve ment in the arts of civilisation is sure to meet with hostile criticism. The intro duction of reaping machines into Ireland was regarded by the working men as an innovation that would throw the popula tion out of employment, and bring on famine and itsextenninstingconsequences. In j/JFC manner a (cw sapient personages may be found who stand aghast, and rave against the introduction of the jron-hone into Tasmania, assume, the role of sooth taycrs and pronounce the ruination of the country. To these, and their disciple', we say look to KnclantJ and Amorica— ponder upon the wonderful achievements and the astounding strides mtdo in those countries since the adreot of tlie locomo tive. We say to these croakers that Tasmania possesses in a great degree all tho elements which at onco have made these nations great and prosperous, and vre conclude that that which lias been found as good wuoe for the Tankee ROoie, will undoubtedly giv» a piq nanny to the Tosmanian gander. Iictui(hcro(bro pro fit by tha examples and lollow the foot steps ef other nations, if we cannot keep 1 ana sritli them, and show the world that we are not tlie Itggsrit ir« fry re nutcd la be. Already tha canntrr il wearing a cheerful expression. The in habitants of the towns in the interior of the island tell vi that matters in bnsi ness are brighter with them, and for « ponder the farroeri are not grumbling »J ' the prices nor abandonee of their crops. Let us tlion tike heart of grace, put our shoulders to the wUtel, pull away impedi ments, shunt croakers off the track, and we may yet expect that brighter and happier days will once more dawn upon the people of this 'light little island,' and like our brethren of other countries wo will be Singing through tho forests, llnUUag orer ridges, Suooliiifr under arches, Humbling over bridges; Whizzing through the mountains, Hulling o'er tlie vale, Bleaa me I 'twill be plauaut. Hiding on the rail. It Is-ovident thoro arc somo districts tho iuhibitauts of which h&vo; 0 slronfi belief in tho advantages of railways, and we find Oatlandfi and Melton Mowbray up in arms because the Main Line ! ? not de signed to past through thpso centres, of population. We find also that political sharpers in the south— those especially who ciuttor round the 'outs' — are seelc ing to make great capital out of this fact, and charge tho Government of tho da\ willi having failed iu thoir duly in not compelling the Main Line Railway Com pany to carry the railway through the loca lities named. It is a well-known fact that from the moment the grand railtray ' schonio' of tho late Government was announced to tho House by. Mr Dobsou, who was then AttorneyiGonoral, ' we strongly opposed it on the ground that it was aimply a shirking of national obliga tions.. ..We held that the Main Line Bailway should hare been made by tho Government of the country or not at all, believing that it was the most suioidal policy to part with the control U- private individuals of the main artery of commu nication. We battled hard upon this ground so long as battlins; could avail, but: all to no purpose. Subsequently, when the measure received parliamentary ap proval and a contract was talked of, we urged Parliament not to sanction ita ratification until it had been laid on tho tablo for a certain period. This simplo and reasonable precautionary suggesljon was also ridiculed. ' All must be left to tho Government of the day,' said Mr Chapman, and an obediout Par liament left all to tho Government of the day accordingly. The result was a con tract which— as we pointed out when it wst first printed— i« Itardly worth tiie paper it is written upon as far as any security to the country is concerned. We hare not the document by ui at the moment, but we believe it provides that the railway shall go 'as near as practi cable to existing centres of population.' This is n vague and indefinite stipulation which simply means nothing at all. Should its interpretation orer come be fore tho Snpreme Court, we venture to saythe conflict of profcssionaljevidence will be to great as to render a decision impos sible, yet it ia made the peg on which to hang an impeachment against the present Government— on impeachment as absurd aa it is mendacious. If blame attaches to anyone in this matter it is to Mr Chap man and his late oolleagucs who advised the Governor to attach hit name to a con tract for the construction of a railway without any definite plan. There was no excuse for this. Money had been voted and expended for a Parliamentary and en gineering survey long beforo the survey was in ciiitenoe, and if deviations were necessary they ought to have been pro perly deljned and the route definitely specified in the contract. We long since pointed out that the contract bound the company to nothing whaUsvar, and that it failed to secure or protect tho interests of the colony. A more ridiculous document never received the signature of a representative of the Queen, and this the people of Tasmania will discover before many more months pass over thoir heads. As to the Govern ment insisting upon the route of the rail way, they have no power to do bo. If Parliament thinks they hare, let it order tho stoppage of interest for a season and sec how toon the company will recover it in tho Supreme Court. It is unneces sary to enter into tho question as to whether the present course of the railway is tho best that could be selected, having due regard to the several impedi menta, inequalities, prominences, smd other engineering . difficulties which aro to be 'confronted on the territory lying hclwcoa Lapnceiton and Hobart Town, became wo believe, tho country is entirely at the mercy of the company whieh contracted for the construction of. the line. Their bond goes on to say that the' Ilne shall touch, ' as near as practicable,' all centres of population, and we have very little hesitation in saying that those interested will be prepared to demonstrate that the present intended route is in accordance with the true spirit and inten tional meaning of tho contract, having in View safety and regularity, as well aa the dangers from sharp curves and a compli cation of bridges. Doubtless intliepatirso of time future Governments will yield to the pnblic demands and make concessions by the construction of branch lines on a scale commensurate with the requirements of the various localities not likely to par ticipate in the benefits of the Main Line. Indeed neither the present nor future Ministries, can interfere, unless with the sanction of the company or their con tractors. The merits or demerits of the Main Lino cannot bo traced to their doors, and any pqVilic disadvantages in the conditions are the inheritance of, and must be saddled upon the previous: ad ministration . Wi have received the annual statistic! of the colony of Tasmania for the year 1872 with Mr Niwell's report thereon, which reveal a condition of affairs by no means so encouraging as we had anticipated. The several division! of (be statistics must be left for future comment, bnt we may briefly glanoe jftbemoj a whole. According to the report of the slatistipiin the total incrcaio in the population of tho colony during tho year was 1140 or 1.12 percent., but tli«4staili of this increase' arc deoided|y unsatisfactory, in fjet »how a positive decrease in the bone and sinew of the colony. The' increase bt births and deaths was 1002, to that there wait positive Ions of adult population eqnal to 162, and this notwithstanding that there Were iatroduced into the colony 199 persons, of whom 182 were from Germany, \Q from England, and 7 from Ireland. The Ifoln Jytne ljajijway navvies imported tre not included in this return Jhcy hay ing arrived daring the present year, but erenfaa| they ieen included we fear it would havo inads liflle difference ai nearly all hare again left Ihe oqjony notwithstanding their engagements, and the railway works are now being carried on ohicBy by colonial labor er,, So ytMMutoy has the £. lult of the importation of narrios proved, that we understand the Main Line con tractors do not 4nhmd ealiing upon the; men just -«rr!ml %y Hie JJaranjali to sign any now tenements, but purpose giving them die opportunity of going at cent should they desire to do so. If ibis report bo 'true, then tho colony need not look to find any great immediate increase of population by reason of Ihe Main Line Bailway works. The imports in 1872 are. slated to have amounted to £807,182, being 'au increnis of £'20,095 upou ihe preceding year. Tho rale per bead of the population is sot down at £7 10* 10]d. Tfio principal increase seems to have hot' u in clothing and drapery goods. There was o decrease or CC.OS t in suiar ; CC.DM in tea ; £343 in tobacco, 'nigars, and muff; mm in live and dead «4oekf «nd £2,780 in liquors. The returns ot (.1(0 export trade are more satisfactory showing an increase of £170,025 over the year 1871; Ihe oiports represented ah average of £8 10a 11 Jd per head. Tho prinoipil articles represented in theubove increaBO were bark, fruit,- gold, hides, skius, leather, bops, live stock, oil, and wool. The more prominent items of decrease were tho follow ing : — )ir|U and pollard, flour, grain, limber, and vegetables. The abippingtradoof tho colony! uringtbo year showed a considerable decrease, tho chief being in our trade with the United King dom and foreign pownuioui. The whaling trade has not been so extensive, nor' Die vessels so successful as in 1871. The coal mines also show signs of languishing, the quantity raised during the year being loss by ,,386 tons than in 1871. The banking business of tbo year bears rery satisfactory comparison, with the. year preceding. There has been n considerable diminution (n tho debts due to the banks, and a large increase in tho deposits, while in the Savings Hauls the deposits hare been much larger than dur ing several years past. Then is one jteni which, as usual, shows a large increase, viz., our public debt, which has been au/rmonted during the year to the tune of £101,600. The total debtor the colony is set down at £1,155,800, audit has been incurred us follow! :~Por public works aud immigration £1,138,620 ; commutation of grant for religious pur uoson, £100,000 ; debt lo Imperial Go-, rcrameut, £30,500 : and to make good revenue deficiencies, £180,871. The mining industry of tlie colony is very briefly touched upon in Mr NowoU'a re port, indeed he canfincB himself to the publication of the returns furnished by tho commissioners of gold-fields, and to extracts from llio reports of the geologi cal surveyor in regard to our iron fields. He takes but iittio notice of iho enter prise exhibited in both directions in the expenditure of capita) iu the erection of machinery and plant, nor docs he draw soy conclusions at to tho pro bable bearing of mining enterprise upon the future of the colony. The returns of tho various establishments of Government are briefly dealt with, but call for no particular comment. The ex penditure on public works by Government and under Ihe lload Trusts is a matter to which we mutt agaiu recur— il is loo im portant to be disposed of in a (ew sen tences. On one point the statist some what puzzles us. According to his report tho anuual value of property in the colony as shown by tho valuation rolls is £003,170, but on referring to the statistics we find the annual value set doirn at only £670,470' There is here a discrepancy of £30,000 which is not explained. The sales of Crown lands bare been more encouraging than during 1871. There was an increase in tho number oflots sold of 69, and in the amount realised of £4,107 0- 10d. In the average prices thoro was also an in crease, in county lots of 5s 8M per aero, and in town lots or £1 Is 4d per acre. The quantity of land leased also showed a great increase- The efforts of capitalists to utilise our coal, slate, tin, ic, are all noticed in tho report. The report on the agricultural and live stock statistics is interesting. Crime, inquests, litigation, dealings with land, public schools, friendly societies, meteorology, and other im portont matters are all noticed by the statist, vhocaaoludcs his report « fol low* :— ' On the whole, we hive found an improvement, as compared with die previous year, in the imports and exports ; in prices of home produco in the nnmber of trades and indus tries ; in the amount of money dc* posited in 'lie banks | in the number of Utters and packets which passei through the Post Office, and in tho number and amount of money orders j in the business of the Telograph Office | and in the sales and rental of Crown lands. On tlie other hand, there was a docreaso in the revenue. But a change has already taken placo in this respect, and the receipts since tho close of 1872 have risen considerably. Tho revenue of 1873' may therefore be cr pected to contrast favorably with that of tho previous year. There was also a decrease in shipping. The improvement seems to bo due principally to Die increase in both quantity and price of wool, to the increase in hops, and to a good harvest and better prices for produce. Harrcats are unoerUin, since they depend upon the seasons ; and it is therefore very desirable that we should have some less precarious sources of income, such as mines and manufacture!. I hellers that there are many ways in which capital could be pro fitably employed, hut past erpcflenrf seems to shop that our only hope lies iq attracting it from abroad.' If rrosos wn n«jrwooi-'s Moktiilv Book 0ivcui.au— We luivu received .\|cs«»: lYuq son aud Hopwood's monthly ' Look circular for June. It is In reality a price catalogue of nqw popular works or of new editions of thu worics of popular authors. Inquest. — An inquest was held at the Police Court on the 20th instant, before Mr. T Mason, Esq., coroner, and a respctable Jury of seven, of which Mr A. Rankin was fore man, to enquire into the cause of death ot Michael Connors who was killed through a fall from the Cataract shoots on the 18th inst, The first witness examined was Wil liam Miller who deposed that he and Con nors were sent by Mr Toan to take a bag of manure each along the shoots for the pur pose of stopping the leaks. The bags con tained about 31/2 bushells , and the' dung being wet would weigh about 140lbs each. Deceased was walking some five or six yards in front of him when his foot slipped into the shoots and the weight of the bag over balancing him he fell over the side. Witness could not say if a batten slipped or whether deceased tripped, he did not examine the place afterwards to see If any of the battens were loose. He saw the deceased in the water and ran back to the mill and Informed Mr Toan, and they then went to the spot In a boat but could see nothing of the body. Mr Toan deposed to the finding of the body, on Thursday, after a long search and Dr. Maddox gave evidence as to the cause of death.He had examined the de ceased and found a woundd nearly on the top of the head 2 inches long and cut down to the bone, also several abrasions. The wound was not the immediate cause of death;but would In all probability cause d such an amount of insensibility as would have pre. vented the deceased from struggling while In the water to save himself- The Jury re turned a verdict of ''accidental death.' Pedesibiast Hokple Ba.ce,— On Satur- 1 day hfternoon the George Town Itoad was very lively »1th pedestrians anij vehicles, all wending their way to rte jwecaurac at Moo-bray for the purpose ot witnessing the hurdle race between two genftemen anuv- -. tcure, both residents of Launocston. The - spot selected as the convincing ground *Ma situate a little lo the right of the grand Btund. The course was 135 yards long, over 6 flights of hurdles 3 feet 6 Indies in height, , and placed 16 yards apart vfljh tbe fime distanou at each end. The lime Used for the event lo «)ini! off was between half-past 3 and half-pint -I o'clock, and ere tho Utter hour arrival the course had boon measured, preliminaries settled, and Messrs Fredrick laymen ana l'nillt Goodull toed tlie mark. Tliev were to go at Iho report of a plutol, Mr .V 11. Melvyn oBciatliiR as starter, while Mr J. A- JVrjmson »clcd ns referee for Mr lrayrios and Mr Uentley Wriion performed the same duty for MrQimliiil. MrF. Moore wna appointed umpire,' more us a niatterof form ilinu nnyllihig ol»o, m it wa- never for a moment expected be would lie called upon -o «-?(, (lio wlioto of the jiruoooilillg»*lilug marked with a display of friendship aud good feeling, both before and after' tho race. The attendance, which included many of the leading lUcrcanMIc (jcutlonn.-n of 1/iun ceslon, was about USD, and from thcVosiUoo i nf the visitors ft is needfess to say the fft'af cel order und Uiuorum prevailed,' uomefllllig no different to what is usually witnessed at pedestrian matches whether by amateurs or lirofrsslnnals. There was a Rood amount of Hncculalion, each gentleman licine nttended by a large rvliuue or his frlcnas, but if any thlmr-Mr Gimlall, altlloiiKh thin- was Ms maiden race in Tasmania, sras a slight favo rite. After throe false starts, o«in(r U- the |il»tol not Rolnit off, they l»th got nwny well loffclher Uuudjill clearing tbo fret hurdle a few inches in front of Ilnyines ; the next three were taken together} between the 5th and Jib hurdles Goodall hod a slight advan tage, lief ore risbigl or the 8th and last hurdle Uaytiies was on even ternrsirlth Goodall ana succeeded In Using lo it slightly in advance, the pair nicing the last It vanls at their utmost Bpced, Ilaymcs just managing to breast the taiie about a foot in advance of Goodall. The time taken by two watches iravo It as 25 and 27 seconds respectively. The course, however, owing to the late rains, wns very heavy and made at least « ?coonds dlScrcncelnthetimc. As an exhibition of pedestrian hurdle racing it has never been equalled in Tasmania. . During the whole of tbe distance less llian a yard of doth would lutvc covered the two. Funeral of the first deceased Good Templar.— The first deceased member of the Dawn of Hope lodge of Good Templars was interred yesterday. This was Michael Connors, the unfortunate man who met his death so suddenly by falling from the Cata ract Mill shoots, on Wednesday last. The officers and members of the Dawn of Hope lodge mustered to the number of 110 and marched in procession In front of the hearse from the residence of the deceased, in Bris bane street west to the place of Interment in the Roman Catholic cemetery. A large number of other residents followed the hearse. We are Informed that in conse quence of the deceased being a member of a secret society, the rites of the church and the ceremony of reading the burial service at the grave were omitted. Mn Willis late CoMXcron of Ci'stowe. — On Friday a number of merchants and leading men in business assembled ia the coinmlttec-room of the Mcclianics' Institute, for tue purpose of prcsculiujr Die compli mentary address referred to in our issue of Wcduesday. to It. H Willis, Esq., late Col lector of Customs, st Uil» port. His Wor ship the Mayor, .1. Murphy, Esq., presided, explained the object of the mc-cllut', and requested Mr J. 11. Smith to read Hie ad dress. This was signed by the following re sidents i-Simuol Tullocli, W. II. Saundcrs ; Dalgcty, Mmre, and Co. i liudson mid Walklns, T.S.N. Co. ; T.O. .lust, pcr.I.H.S.i Kichurd Green and Co., John Murphy, George Fisher, A. T. Woods, U. B. Kiekolls, Caleb Williamson, A. Webster, I.. Fair thornc and Son, John Drysdilo, .1. S. Hod fleld i P. O. Fysh and Co., per U.S.; Thos. Klginton, It. D. Hichards, Irvine and M'Ktchern, Koberl Balu, James Walden, Walch Bros, and Birckali, Hobcrt Dc MUlc, Fiirrdly and Co , l'eppcr and Perrin, r.alrta and 1'ortcr, Hudson and J [on wood, II. Button, .lames Beiincll and Suns, MTbail and Weympulh, Frost and Orp wooJ, A. Simpson, KdVard I.iwrence, W. Aikcnhcad, J. W. Brand, Gco. K. Boon, M. C.nuul, C. J. Wccdoti and Co., William 1'otar, J. 11. Sherlock, lama Darin, John Fawns, Douald M'Quecn, Augustus N. Spong, (iconic Castlcy, II. J. Mitchell and Co., Anthony Hart, J. Paybody, It. I'. l)ix. J. M'lxiunhliii, Ditcham, Button, and Co , Geo. Hubbard, James Fish, Hopkins and Murphy, Dowic and Woodifulc, H'm. Abbott, Thomas Gould, .Inui'-s Scolt, M. Dunning, Alfred llarrap, T. W. Thomas, J. Alkun hcad, William Johnstonc, YV. W- While, S. Bidlcv, U. Ncwey, Jol|U Tevclvin, Itichorda and S'on, Win. Dobson, John Kills, Itatton and Laws, A. M. Million, Thomas Corbctt, Hobcrt Torrancc. W. H. Davey. 1). ltoom, W. J. Norwood, l'eler Barrett, John Lagor, Hudson and Shcrwin, John C. Ferguson, W. Tyson, Oarduor and M'Kouilc, Harris and Hon, Osbonic Walhen, Bell and WcsUirook, D. Murray, Thomas Sharp, Thos. Hogarth, J. 11. Kemp, Tetcr Mills, J. H Smith, W. Flcxmn.il. ilsvid Kilcllic. Robert 7. 1'oole. Wilmot and Taylor, J. II. Wcstbroofc, Henry Dowling. Henry ICdgcll, Thomas lloyd, VS'm. Whltsfccr, Trios. Wndhitm, Uobert Harris, W. II. Knighl, W. Turner, John Stephens™, B. Thompson. In his reply Mr Willis said ' Daring the long period .of .my public sorvloc — oxuuidiug U- Iweuly-Hvo yoap)— It wns rnv oonstaiit and oarnost andenvor ooiiBoicntlousfy and strictly lo discharge my duties both to the Government and the public, and It Is and; ever will be a source of real gratification to efforts have secured 'the public approval. 1 also value gratefully the kindly estimate you have formou of my personal and private character, and assure you that, although pre cluded by rny ofljcia! jiosltfou from taking a prominent part Iu the (roncnil unmirs of the community, ] have ever fell the deenost in terest In cvcr3*thing which concerned the public welfare.' The address and reply We since been bandog to Mr J. Steer for uiapurnosuor qa,vmg incut engrossce, on liarolimont.JllutnlnuMMJruadc upiq the' form of an Album to be ratalno4 by Mr Willis and QtstSuutlr as no holrloom. The VTuiiiunui Innnnnn.'- W't have received the June number of the WrpnJ«(, which deals with the corres pondence lKlxeen Dr. Valentine and Bishop Broihby ; the device of managing public institutions by rqcans qf hoards ; the late news from Prnnoc, Italy, Spain, and IJng laud,]aeafiiosvs,Jt-!l ' ' 7 ltrsTUiixoiSiiEKrisTAsuau,— Tl|i»Uano of the most InlerosUnii returns yet laid before l'arluunont. It Is a return by rhoClilof In suoctor of Sheep of the munbor lu the various districts up to ihe lsl February lait, giving tlie names of the owners and date when clean certificate was granted. The return shows 9112,760 Bhcep under clean certificate ; 90 iicr cent, of 151,094 Bheep, for which clean cer D'Hcatea have been applied, for, 13.4,9gt I to nor oonL of ]«M-^ sUwp. tor which no apnlicnuon has boon niade for alaan oortlfl. oalt in oooordaucf tvlia the Aft, 74,esi. Total number dean on 1st February last, I,m.H65. It was cstlrAated that by the Is of May, 150,000 more would be added, making 1,30^,305 clean, that probably the number actually infected thei) wquld be tinduT 10q,U-Ki, lesrmx same or the luost «x tauislvs alieip districts oligiblii (or being de clared w dean districts:' PiiKoFOBTE ToxlM.-Mr .T. J. pollard untifjes that he will be »t Ev»ii4s,lo this week tuning the orpin nt St. Andrew's CliurcU, and residents there requiring piano fortes properly tuned aro requested to leave their orders at the livandalo VojI-oUh), Lr.oiuni: o-t tiik MASrr4cti:iiE or KAnuKifWAUs.— The lecture which the Rev. w. i«w was prepared ia deliver last Tuesday evening on 'The Manufacture of Earthcuwarc,' postponed in consequence of the wet weather, will be delivered In tlie h.a.11 qf tho Mechanics' Institute to-mono* wan ing. ' ? ' ? . FnooMoaE NunBEnv, meab ;Oeki.pxo.— Wo have rooelvcd a cony ot Mr Charles » yalt's annual general descriptive catalogue of zrult troos, ornamontal ana forast Uxmb, planu. bulbs, &c.;, fur sate atProgmore Ifur scry, Fransfbrd, Oeelohg. Tho oatalogao U a Urge ong of U pages oouvo, Mn, At.iUinr Albxaiidkr's Coxckht — This evening Mr Alexander gives, wiUi the old of Bevernl lady and gentleman mnatenrs, his concert at the Mechanics' IrutituU!. The pieces on the progntniino am ot « high onus, ?tnq, namnB some Irnowlodga of tho vooni aUUUqsot UiQ anuteun who an to assist Mr Alexander, the audience on this occasion may depend upon a, genuine musical treat On the programme *» find throe (rrand Instrumental duetn-r-tffo on oahhiot oraan and piahofoHe: and one on two pE ? ffl pianoforte solos and six vocal pieces— ' Nma,' * The Btlrrnp Oiin',' « n Mauallnl ' fOhfihule/'-The tfolWngjr.' and « l2~ «mg hen, lie »oros oyferPreucriekBooeni 'I'**'*' *ee,» ui the music by Mr PBoFEsson Kasb.— Mr George C. Kash, the clectro-blologlst, arrived here from Mel bourne recently, and on Tuesday evening gave a let-lure in the Council Chamber, Kvandale, on mesmerism and electro-biology. On-Thurstuur evening ho gave a lecture vat cEvclaud, wh«* the «am Lino Baflwav navvies attendtjlin great force, and the pro fessor was very -auwcessfal in obtaining «ub jeots. To some *-f jheso he snppllca row ncfclo as a substitute for apple dumpUng, inTlhcy seemed to -enjoy it. Water was made excellent substitutes for colfee, spirits, and Epsom suits. One subject was made so rigid that his head was placed upon one chair with his iuicUon another, and the pro testor then stood won the rigid bidy whieh dUlnot jliriuk in the Itawt. The professor has gone on to Hobart Town to lot lii» abili ties on some of the most loquacious members of Parliament, and on his return will deliver a series of lectures in Launceslon. Mkktinu at Klwadrtii Town.— A nieeU itic uf Um JandliolJer. of ttw Midliurst cuud. dislriul will lie Iii-W at Mr John Spid-r's, Saildlcr'K Anns, at 1 p.m. on thu 7lh July next to .lake into consideration jtlic udi-isa-. bllity of petitioning the Govcnior to proi claim a new toad from the Memuy and l)o loralno rood neat KlUahcth Towa through lands uf Mcssra,l)vunlrr, Field, and Grltllii to the Helorainc and Mersey Tntmn-ay. Heraan Liia Oerviin Tasluxmt.— We have received copies of the folluwing reports :-On Munlelpal l'olicc t Territorial Police s l'ort Arthur | fhlef lnsnector of Hhocp : Tasmsoian I'ubllo Library i of the Itoyal Socictyi' of lluar.1 of liuniljra tionj General Hospital, jfobtrt Town f Queen's Asylum tor destilnui : children i Cascades Establishment 1 Bagged bchools, Holwrt Toivn ( Benevolent Society, Hobart Town i Statistics of '1'iuimanbti Taamanlan Council of Education | and Accounts of Marine Hoards. Bills llKvant Pauluvbht.— We lu-vo received copies ol.tbo .following bills Intro dac*l in the House ot Assambly :-A bill to make ucw protlslons for the : appointment of the Sheriff of ' Tasmania) A bill to regulate the salary of officers aaminlsterlng the Government ot Tasmania and for other nurpotcs) A bill to consolidate and amend various enactments relating to the niminls trationuf the criminal law i and a bill to provide' for ihe truatrnobt ana* etire* of in ebriates. Fur.Ncu Without A' Mabtf.u.— We have received from MrM. A.CIcary.agcatforthc publislicrs, a iitet&men; copy of iwrtions nf the three part* of Monsieur G. lie Roy's new book 'An ca»J' ,MiHh«I \a I*srn French Without a Master.' published by Messrs. KvansBrothcrs,of Melbourne. The object of the work is to teach the French language to students who cannot afford the loss of time, trouble, and expense entailed by the ordinary methods pf instruction. For the French 'text it was considered advisable to select the description of language used in good society and the celebrated Spanish novel, Gil Blas,has been resorted to as the best snecfracriof the kind ever written In French. Ill tbe Unit part each line of text is accompa nied by three olbcr explicative lines, one for pronunciation, one for goo4 translation, end one for verbatim translation. This part is to contain 300 psRoj. In the scoond part there arc only two expUativir lines, pronun cUllon and good translation, and In the third only one explicative line— good translation. The second and third parts arc to contain about I on pages each— 560 pages In all. The Instructions for tlie guidance of students arc remarkably clear and it is supposed that any intelligent person going carefully through the volume and thoroughly mastering Its contents will have acquired a sound, practi cal knowledge of lilt' language, and be able to read and understand cosily any other French work. This specimen of the three pnrU conveys a clear idea ot the process of self tuition thus placed within -he reach of all studeuts who can read aud understand Uie English language. AnorijEK Shm.l Bobe JUnx Match.— Another match between five 'Uuneeston v. live liobart Town crack shots was fixed for Saturday. The IjunoesUin men fired on Saturday afternoon and made tbo following excellent score :—. 400 500 COO yds. yds. yds. Tl. Martini ? 25 26 S3 74 Coulter ? 86 SO 111 OS Hudson ? 25 SG 25 70 Mills ? S7 Sfl S« 71 Jones ? 83 »2 W CM 354 Average, 70 4-flfiliB. Weather, doll but edm. TUB lNTFJICOLONIAL ClIAVU'IOK PLOI.'OII ino Mji-cn— This event is lo come off on Ihe Ueelong Town Common on Tliursdav, the !4lh July. If northern Tasmania Is to be reprcscutcd at this great match, prompt action will Iw requisite on the nart of those who have in thoir bauds tho privilege of selecting the requisite competitors uhd the duty of providing them with funds to cover the ncocssary expenses. At the request of Mr J, Campbell, secretary to the Gcetonir and Wostou District Agricultural Society, we publish in our ndvertisuu? columns Ihe programme of events for the Champion day and also the rules for tho guidaaao of com petitors. M/ Campbell writes thus, in reply to a letter from Mr Hogarth i— ' Tho com mittee have advertised for a meeting to be hcM on Haturvlnv next for (be purpose of ascertaining If horses can be obtained for parties from Tasmania, and, if so, on what a-rnn; this on the distinct understanding that the society docs not take the respon sibility.' ItuMonao AmtExiTia* or New/ Oddjia. —The foundation for the telegram announc itiKthat Coinmandcr Moresby of the Basilisk, had taken formal possession of New Guinea on behalf of tils IlritisllGoveruiueutBppcon to Iw a more uaaattiatttlatlci minor. Com mndora Stirling has received no official iiiM nuuioii on the subject from the Admiralty nor Commander Moresby. OnTbursday even ing Mr Grant In the Legislative Assembly asked the Clilef SecreUry of Victoria wlifl reliance could be placed an Iho Information, and whether it hod been orBctsllv eommnnl oated to the qovemmont. Mr Francis n\S he faul heard nothing » ftr, bat Ire promised to communicate with Mr Parfcos, and ascer tain wliat reliance could ho nloood upon It. Later In the evening the Chief Secretary tclenrapbod to %dncy««xirdifl£ly, and Mr Parkes replied, to the effect that he was. not In poMosilon at anr oQcIaI it|faniiat|an of die proceedings of the Basilisk, but ho had asked the Governor to communicate with Commodore SUrllug, and that when he was in possession of particulars hti would for. ward them. It will be seen by oar Saturday night's telegram that as Commodore Stirling has received no Information or Instructions with refercauo ia the annexation of {fair Guinea, the rumor must be looked upon as a auiqnl. New Guinea would, howevor, bo a desirable acquisition M It should fori part of the Australian colonies, ft |a (h, largest Island In the vicinity of tho Australian con tinent, and contains 278,000 square miles It must become of great importance to theso colonies shortly tn consequence of the de velopment of trade In that direction by (lie TorreB Straits' new postal route. The Visit of the Cr,»nKV,iTon akd Czabima.-Tsic vigil «{ tho C|iarowitoh and CiAfitiB, iq lVonilon is one of the roost iu teresUng events of Iheago. It Is the pro. cursor to'an alliance certain to prove of vast tmportanoe for -(food1 or in In tho taturc. The youpg daughter of theCtsrof all the Butrlas hi to be th» bride ot Ihe British sailor Prince, and become tho Duchou cf F-dinburgli. rjbtk ia told to bo araUWe and plcMliWl tfith an, Intelligent and agreeable counienance, and fine ejros and I|alr, hot not « a beauty (' alic li her ftthpr'a special favorite, 'the very anpleof hiscyc,'saji my(!8. U. OTireshonaenO Informant who knows the whole family personal I r and well. The Brapressof ltusstn and her party seem to bo enjoj-Jn/r is tfce utmost Owlr stay lu the enchanting; regions nbout the Bay ot Nanlcs. They have boon ' dalnir' ranH thn Blue Grotto, and all tho oilier lions of that lovely region, whloh tho Empress has written to her husband ' Is surely the most lovely portion of the earth.' Tho Czar Is to join the Carina next month, and. tho Dul^ of Edluhurrfhwos cxpeetea'to job)'^« purly. BqmunEMfn Of FfntaATioa' —The ^«« JforafMffiriilrf despairs ot at) early federation of fte Avstrsllai,aad wmarks(~ « Wp observe that tBver«l Kngllsh JoomaJs, In cqirmutnttruT on the diBnntou developed at. the lau fn»croolon.lal Conference lasn to thy nope mat we aisafrenDie plipnomcnon only of a temporary nature, and that w. tlie reaction »utn tho slUmate rcsulLro bo to promote fodoralion. It li as atblv dispel useless Illusions, and wo nuuuV trf state that the result of tlie rcofinl-rjpost- the Victorian Oavernraont wllktr of a pone federation for at least a j*o Btnld oenturv.' We differ t'a fota ysllo opinion an tills point itauaani Irflo not move upon treat national questsTaj the Herald ao huwuldly In the AnoKnot brood upon smhhnaM Thn nAr.nijKDafaiB f\S m***~ll tbe small dotegiofy* at Sva^rUemfci.trk, enoe,orthedlsa™A Hfhonihaiiaxt Aus- towohaBBxten^Sarlaea, arom whatever tr«li»u lnvaslo-ncan cause, federation will Europflano»«w*Ui« rapidity which will' bebKUjl^knervuotsuohhtehlv dfc p^oaM, ? . . f'»J 'Bin ron the Coo.'— Tho passengers by tbe early morning train to Melbourne on Monday (says tbe Ballamt OninVr), when between Bunluyong and Lai Ui, were BLu- Uod by three suocesslvo jerks, indtoiUng tjnttuaeiipinohiidrun over something on tiuUnC TUo train wsi stopped, and tfio re mains of three cows! wore discovered on tha track. The animals, which bclongeijjo a nian named Griffiths, hod Jouoil ihelir wny through the fence, and ao come to grief. The guard anS driver got the lino clear for the goods train, which was to follow, and then resumed their journey. Tim PosTAt Qiimiox. _ Wo have re ceived from Sydney a pamphlet entitled ' Tho Diplomacy of Victoria on the Postal Question, and the true Policy of New South Wales.' Tho pamphlet lakes, of course, the Nctr South Welsh view of Iho postal question, and is very serero upon ' the di plomacy of Victoria as bIiowii in the pro etodjiuu whjcj) h#vo tlirawn the ocean moll service into confusion and uncertainty.11 ' In rcuommcndimi the; Turret UlralU .mail lino we arc told Uml « As a liossengor and mall foSleTUits' uew lino offoVs raanjratrikv ing ndvantagoo. The. MausnrcAjf value of the line tuny lie safely affirmed to be uu oqiiailed. ' We preserve unlmnalrad ' our steam cotmnaulcaUon with Europe.and vastly' Improve that part of It which voltes us with thc]-4st. In addition to this, we open up to Australian enterprise one of the richest and least developed regions ol the globe, and arc established inthc'inottihthnsteHuatlons with countries Illthocto almost pnlsidc the pale of ' civilisation and cumniSS, which may become great cwtjoea ,of trade* and wealth. May we not -asnlrn to emubto amooi the. islands of the Uaatem .*ndU- - pclago tlmt adventurous policy' wlileh' In' earlier -times' .laid 4he ?fi^a.ti!1l.- of thg auprci&iwy; mi grandeur of, the npther country? Some of tlit.e-woridSrol1.land.. such ai.ffles;' Guinea, Bonioq, -Janu.and Sumatra jre the largest In thV worldiif we ' ' except AMtnlht/ ; They.'possess a hcalaJr:' climate i resources of unsurpassed vmrleij j . and Uicy are watered by targe and ravWgabiff' rivers.,-In th&^ajtjdq^thercjiljwat cxhausSblc sumly, of valuable timber. In the vegetable idngjtom, they nroduoa aago, camphor, nutmegs, dye-woods, -cbmamon, * citrons, bcU;l, pepper, ghlger, rice, grain, yams, cotton, sugar, coffee, indigo, tea, and tobacco. In mincrala, oool (salB to bo superior lo Kngiish), antimony, iron, fia, ilne, ooppor. 'ulphur, saltpclm, «|um, .naptt ? tha, lead, silver, gold, aud diamonds.' . , . Tin . I)ANaA[/-Bi.— The n.MS.B. Ban: tmlorc sailed from Melbourne on Wednesday with tho Australian and Zcw Zealand malls for England and tbe East. In addition to her general cargo, the Bangalore took SO.SU ounces of gold, that Is to say i tons 4 crrt. 3 qrs. i.lhs., oaloulaUng by avoirdupois weight, and .also ,£101.481 loi |u specie. Amongst her paascngcrs ircre Mr BaJ|i Sitnucl, postmaster-general of New South t Wales i Mr II. II. Ball, who goes to Bngs land to procure steamers for tbe mall acrvico na San Francisco ; aud Mr Mamular, who, reptcsentcd the P. and 0. Company la iho recent contract concluded Iw Iho Victorian Government for the Sues route. Mr Ball la confident of the success of his scheme, anil mentioned that the steamships (or tlie trans. Puci8c station would come out from Eno land via thn Cape ot Goo* Hope with ItnraU grants for New South Wales. Ghosts at the AvTimnES.— All digni fied ghosts in the other hemisphere, have, with due self respect selected .suitable time and place for making their appearances lo mortals Btill in the flesh, but as usual wo find matters even iu this respect reversed at the antiuodes. According to the 'truo narrative' of Ihe head of a well known Melbourne firm, Victorian ghosts arc in the practice of josUInn; people in.orowdo.1 stroeU Instead of confining their rambles to the cloisters of old ruonastcrjes, tlio riro iiarta, lulls,- or aecret jatmgm of ancient coalloa, cothodrals, diurches or mansions. It, is true we have no such antiquities hi tycto colonies for the convenience of ghosto, and perhaps it may be necessary they sheuM occasionally turn out to take tbo ajr, and there may be special nutsans for one snaking an occasional appearance opposite the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne. The narra tive we refer to appears in tho Dailu Ttttgrofh of Wednesday lost and la vouched for as ?? strictly ? true' 'Very extraordinary things have, from time Ui lime, been said and written an the subject of ghosts. I myself have read and heard of thousands of inslanoeato all appearance* well authenticated , hut novor have I had the fortune, good or bad, to be brought face to face with one. However, footsore stubborn things -, and I offer the fallowing bets for the acccntanoo of your readers :— On Saturday afternoon, the Uth Inst., I vfua on my way home from business, in oHanany will] a aonOcman ; tbo time was. »» nearly as iiosslblc six to ten nituiitos. |iast Q. ' \Yq were nassing along Springsatroet, on the op. posito side to Iho Prtaoois'ii Theatre, and about opposito to that bullduur, whou I suddenly Imaginod 1 was on the patat of running against some ohjoci, which wa» orassinit the footpath bxm tiic fence to the road, and I put oul my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary np]«arance pass across my path, and, as it were, completely In the way of my friend, who ms walking on my left hand. He fiislantly stopped, and also nloood hh hands out In or** to Tnre- vent a collision. In pure astonishment we Watched Uic appearance for about four seconds, when it completely vanished. J jnny odd that tho noarest person In front was some Itttlo. distance on, and there was no nonson for some distance behind. The ap pearance was of a very peculiar grey train, parent nature. I could not tor the life of meiaytkt: {arm H took. Tlie (ttddenacss of iu appcaringitind disappearing, coupled with the unusual start trhlch tho afmir gavo to both of us, would aooount for the want of a closer examination. . A -cw words in con clusion. On&vidaj;, I5U|, »ho following day, 1 was rnw'flg Uie apat, only this time on th.q ton ot an omnibus, when I pointed to tho placo and mentioned tho fact to the driver, who told me that another mmtlemau, about a month or six weeks Inokjliad sUttod tliat he cany; bolt up w-ains( 6QincbQdy or something at that viry spot, and that he 8hcmtodoutto.it. 'Now, llicn, mtod where youVbbnndng,' »(hon he also wa« Bomc wbat stanlod to see the appoaxance sud Qouly disappear.' 