THB BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT « MEETING. ? The innual District' Meeting .of the Bibla Christians began in Young-street Chapel, Ade laide, ca Wednesday, February 26.. The devb- ? tional services were conducted bv the Chairman, i the R^r. J. Ashton. The ministers' and, repre; j. sentatves from the various stations congratu-.j lated each other as labourers .together in the - vineyird of Christ.' On taking nis, seat the j CBaiiman delivered a short but suitable address, j The.'iev. W. Bichards was unanimously elected i ' Secretary, the Revs. T. Piper and C. Trasise j Assistant Secretaries, and the Rev. J. Foster reporter to the Press. Two young men— Walter Long and John A. Brrns— recommended by their' respective quar teiJy meetings, offered themselves for the work of the ministry; and after answering the usual -? qtestions on their conversion, Christian experi- | eice, and call, also being otherwise examined, j taey were cordially received as probationers. j The presence of. the Rev. Richard Kelley— recently from England — was recognised with, a large amount of satisfaction and pleasure, and a resolution welcoming him to this new field of . labour was heartily and unanimously passed. . The fact that God, in His providence, had taken by death the Rev. Mr. Bandt, a young man of considerable promise, waa recorded. It was felt that be had left the Church Militant and gone to the Church Triumphant. He has ' finished his work on earth, and .is gone to his j reward in heaven. And while his departure j was deeply felt, all were disposed to say, ' The ; will of the Lord be done.' j In the evening the Chairman preached tb.9 District Sermon, selecting for bis text Romans j xv. 3, 'For even Christ pleased not Himself.' The discourse was replete with weighty and j important truths well adapted for the occasion. | The character , and work of the world's | Redeemer, both in His divine and human i nature, were dilated on with considerable I ability, and the willingness, cheerfulness'! and resignation with which He accomplished His mediatorial work forcibly described. Then the Saviour was presented as the Great Exemplar of the ministers aad members of His Church, and all present were earnestly and affectionately urged to assimilate themsalvc3 to His character, to cultivate Eh spirit, to tread in His steps, and to follow Him to Heaven. The Lord's Supper was administered at the close of the public service, when a deep solemn feeling ! pervaded the assembly. : Second Day— Thursday. ; , Prayer was offered by the Rev. J. Rack. A j resolution expressive of the loss sustained in the j removal by death of so valuable a minister as Mr. R. 0. Bandt was passed. The spiritual state of each station in fcao' district vas reported upon, and after a lengthy i discussion on mission labour, and the trials and I triumphs of Christian workers, the following .- resolution was passed — ' That, in reviewing the ? iaboursof the past year, we sea much for thankful- ! ness to God. Our prosperity has not been great, j but it Las been sufficient to inspire us with j hopefulness. We need a richer baptism of the | Holy Ghost on ourselves and on our Churches, j and we pray for greater prosperity in tha future.' The list of stations, as prepared by the Com mittee, was read for the first time. ! An interchange of deputations in the colonies : was considered desirable, as preparing the way for & closer union, and ultimately for an ex change of 'ministers at the annual District Meetings. In the evening a sermon was preached by the Rev. C. Tresise, subject-^' Self-consecration to God.' Text— Romans xiL 1. After remarking that there are several stages or degrees in Christian experieBce, from the beginning of spiritual Kfe to the elevated position of perfect love, he dwelt at length on the nature and. necessity of self-consecration to Christ and His cause. Tune, talents, health, strength, wealth, and influence, in short all the powers of the body, mind, and soul, he said, should be given to Gcd, for the promotion of His glory and the benefit of humanity. This should be dons, because belonging to God He has a perfect and indispu table right to do with man as He pleases. Paul pave himself as a sacrifice to God, and Christians now should do the same as ministers and mem bers of Christ's Church. This self-consecration might be difficult, but it must be done without hesitation and without reserve. The sacrifice must be a Hying OEe in contradistinction to the Jewish sacrifices under the Mosaic dispensation which had to be killed before being offered. It must also be: holy and acceptable, presented with motives pure aud disin te^este,d, He then spoke on the mercies of God as 'an argument to induce men. to personal j dedication, referring to the various manifesta- I tions of God's love, especially in the siiblima ?' work of redemption, as a sufficient reason why the hearers should surrender their all tmJ. reservedly to. God. It was stated to be roason able' to do so, because it was God's will, in Christ f Jesus, concerning man, and because it would promote present and eternal happiness. The service was concluded with singing and prayer. , Third Day: Friday, February 28. . ! A prayer meeting was held in Young-street Chapel preparatory to the commencement of business. The Stations were read a second and third time, and finally settled as follows:— Adelaide, O. Lake and J. Way ; Kooringa, T. Hillman; Gawler, J. Rock and J. Ashton (Chair man of the District); Kapunda, W. Richards and Wv Long ; Auburn, T. Piper and C. Tresise; Clarendon, J. Stoyel ; Mount Torrens, H. Mason; Yanfealilla, J. Foster; Port Elliot, W. W. Finch; Mount Lofty, J. Ridclift ; Bowden, T. Allen; Riverton, Ji Thorrie ; Kadina, J. Hancock and R. Kelley; Port Augusta, T. McNeil; Robe aad Mount Gambier, J. Dingle and J. A. Burns; Wellington, to be supplied; Port Wakefield, R. Lang;1 Northern Areas, to be supplied. Tb,e' correspondence from the English Con ference was read by the Secretary. Amongthe intelligence it was reported that the Rev. Joha Thci^ue, son of the late Rev. James Thorne, wa$ pn his way from England as an additional mini|ter to this colony. ? Injthe evening a very interesting meeting was convened, at which the ministers and represen tatives related their Christian experience. A most! gracious influence pervaded the assembly. All the speakers expressed themselves as being fuUy'resolved to live to Christ, and to labour .withrenewed zeal and diligence in His service, ;, i .Fodbth Day: .Saturday. , '.Thje Rev. T. Pipeb offered prayer. . ,,Se|eral items of business pertaining to finance were;disposed of. The following resolution was introduced and passed unanimously : — ' That we gratefully record our thanks to S. J. Way, Esq.,lQ.C., and Dr. Campbell for their liberal ^donations towards meeting the expenses of bringing additional ministers from England to thisdolohy, and for their generous activity in soliciting help from other persons. And we iyould not less gratefully record our thankful , ness | to those ladies and gentlemen whose response to. that appeal raised so handsome a sum.'? ! ' ? '? ,? ????? ?' :- ' :'-J t ' - ?. In answer to a telegram sent to the Victorian District Meeting, how assembled j on the subject of interchange of ministers in the colonies, an answer reciprocating the sentiments embodied has been received, and with further information comings by post^there is reason to believe that such interchange will soon take place. -The sittings adjourned at half-past 1 p.m. till Monday morning, 10 a.m. 