THE INCOME TAX. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sirs-I supposed is but to very little purpose that anything can be said against the imposition of an income tax, since the Hobart Town people seem to be receiving the tidings so meekly, whilst the great land owners and wool kings are chuckling with delight at the thought, knowing well that with it they will have precious little to pay, unless the assessments worked on a very different principle to what it is in England. But, Sir, the whole thing appears to me to be such an anomaly. I have seen the English taxpayer groaning under the burden, and cursing the tax more than all the other taxes to which he is subjected. I now hear of his doing his utmost to throw it off, and bringing such pressure to bear on the Government that with its immense navy, high fortification?, and vast army to support, the Attorney-General allows that they are thinking strongly of its abolition when he says that Mr. Gladstone had not seen his way clear to abolish it, thus indicating that Mr. Gladstone is racking his brain for some method whereby he can attain that object. And yet, forsooth, this shall be used as an argument for its imposition in Tasmania, where not even the ghost of a soldier or sailor is over seen to defend her shores. We are told that in England it is not now a war tax, whilst the speaker knows full well that for more is spent over the paraphernalia of war than the tax brings in. But why should Tasmania, of all the colonies, be obliged to submit to this tax ? To talk so loudly of progress, and the imposition of an income tax in the same breath, as the Colonial Treasurer did, is simply absurd. He knows that the progress of the colony will in great part depend upon the number of people coming to it, and he further knows that the tax is so detested in England and among English people that nothing could not more powerfully in deterring them from coming. But suppose the tax to be imposed, how is it to be assessed and collected. The Attorney-General says that " very much will rely upon the justice of persons Uisessing their incomes," thus allowing that it is impossible for any Government to check any amount of lying and swindling. For instance, who I can tell thermionic of the Attorney-General himself? But suppose his income to be £1,100 per annum, if so he would doubtless assess himself at that amount, and pay £25 per annum tax ; his neighbour may get the same amount per annum and only assess himself at £000, thus paying £10 tax. Hundreds of people will do this, as is now done in England, and the following year the tax must be increased perhaps to a shilling in the pound to make up the deficiency ; thus the honest man has to pay dearly for his honesty. Moreover, the Attorney-General says that the " man with a weekly wage " will not be taxed, although he may. be getting much more than many who are paid quarterly. Fuith, here is a loophole through which plenty of us can escape ; only get our wages weekly, and we are stile. And, notwithstanding all that has been said about its abolition in England, the Attorney-General thinks that this will become the " permanent tax of the country." Tasmanians beware ! statesmen know that this is a more easy method of helping themselves to your cash than any other that has ever been invented. It is a screw, and they hold the lever which works returning iron at their pleasure; 6d. in the pound This year may become a shilling next, and so on, possibly giving you time to repent of what is now being done in haste. If you submit to what I see published this morning, you deserve anything. No statesman could pass such acts in England now, Hobart Town, October 6th, 187. And remain, Yours, No, AN ENGLISHMAN. 3. 