THE RIFLEMAN TRAGEDY. (ABRIDGES FROM THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD, MAY 12. At half-post 10 o'clock on Saturday fore- noon the city coroner (Mr. Henry Shiel!) em- panelled at the Observer Tavern, George street north, a jury to inquire into the cir- cumstances connected with the death of Cap- tain James Longmuir, of the British' ship Rifleman, who it was alleged had been mur- dered on the 10th of March last, by aGerman steward on board, named Krauss. The man now in custody on the charge of murder on the high seas is spare, and about middle height. His age is about 33 years. When brought before the court on Saturday he was very untidy, but this may have been the result of his long confinement on board ship. If his then personal appearance was that which he presented when discharging his duties in the captain's cabin, it is not surprising that he laid himself open to re- proof. The name which he at present bears is Julius Prouizlaus Wilhelm Krauss, although ho is said to havo gone by that of Julius Proutz. He has evidently been the recipient of a fair education, and is something of a linguist, if the statment made by Mr. Morgan, that he found in Krauss's pantry papers and letters in different languages, is taken into consideration. He is said to have been a schoolmaster in his own country ; and a letter, which will be found in our sub- joined report of the inquest, will show, al- though there are a few trifling errors in spelling, that he must have had a very fair knowledge of the English language. Though his appearance cannot be said to be a pre- possessing one, yet his countenance is not a bad one, or one that might be looked for in the alleged perpetrator of a fearful tragedy. On Saturday when he did speak, he did so without hesitation and very distinctly. The question about an explosion which he said had injured his head, and his statements about his having several times been out of his mind, and had his head laid open, show that he was keenly alive to the awful realities of the position in which he stood. The letter which has been found in his pantry (which has not as yet been sworn-according to the requirements of the laws of evidence-to be in Krauss's handwriting) supplies a motive for the commission of the commission of the offence with which Krauss has been charged. He complains of ill-treatment-" the first during a long sea- faring life"-received from the captain, and concludes by asking whether, if a steward is struck with impunity by a captain, he ," may not avenge himself according to his own best way." ; The inquest, though the jury had been em- panelled an hour before, did not commence till half-psst 11 o'clock. The delay was caused through the time occupied in removing tho remains of Captain Longmuir from the cask in which he had been brought to Sydney, and placing the body in the .dead house, so that it might be viewed by the jury. The Observer Tavern was surrounded by a crowd, who satisfied their curiosity by watching the man Krauss as he was taken into the Coroner's Court. Before it, for a long time his outward appearance would have led one to, suppose that he took no interest whatever in the proceedings, He kept his head averted from jurymen, wit- nesses, and spectators, and almost appeared to be asleep, he was supplied with a chair after he had been in court some time. It will be seen below that he complained on Saturday of a severe headache and rheumatic pains. . ... George Morgan deposed,-I am chief officer of the British ship Rifleman, which arrived in this port yesterday., I sailed from London ou the 28th December last for Sydney, the master of the ship being James Longmuir, whose dead body has just been viewed by me at the dead-house, Circular Quay, in the presence of the coroner and jury. Krauss was cuddy steward on board the Rifleman. About 5 o'clock on the morning of Sunday, the 16th of March last, Krauss came on deck and told me that the captain wanted me. It was my watch on deck at the time. I went down, opened the door of the captain's room, and said, "Do you want me, sir"__ The steward (Krauss) made answer, "I think it's about the grog he wants you." At the,same time I felt a heavy blow on the left temple. The steward had accompanied me to the cap- tain's cabin, and stood at my back. I did not know that he was down below till I was struck from behind. . Coroner.-At what part of the ship was the cabin ?-The front of the poop, on the star- board side. ' Witness.-I knew that the stoward had accompanied mo when' I heard his voice behind me. After the blow on the left temple I felt a second. I then turned round, and grasped him in time to ward off a third. As it was dark I did not see who it was,' but I grasped my assailant, and threw him against the front of the captain's bunk. He strug- gled hard to get his arms free. There was no light in the cabin at the time. Seeing that he could not get his arms free, he dropped the bolt he had attacked me with. (The bolt referred to was here produced in Court by Water Police Constable Martin. It was about two feet in length, and must have weighed several pounds. It struck me that my as- sailant must have a pistol, and I therefore slipped my hands down, and laid hold of his wrists,, and called out for a light, and the watch. About two minutes afterwards, John Nicholl, the boatswain, came in, I still having hold of my assailant. I did not know so far who was my assailant. As soon as John Nicholl came in I released his hands. Did Nicholl bring a light with him into the cabin ?-No ; I released my assailant's right hand, and gave it to Nicholl, and told him to hold on to him. Nicholl let go his arm and grasped him by the collar. Imme- diately afterwards I heard a pistol shot go off'. All this occurred in the captain's cabin ? Yes all this occurred there. By this time there was getting to be a little daylight. I could see something flash towards my bead. I struck up the barrel of a pistol, and a , second shot went off. I held on to the barrel till the second mate and some of the hands came with a light. As soon as a light was brought into the cabin, Krauss dropped down at my feet, and pretended that he was drunk. When the' light was brought in, I saw that my assailant was William Krauss, tho ' steward. I saw that he still held a pistol in his hand, I having hold of the barrel, I then had his feet and hands made fast with a piece of rope. We then turned our attention to the captain. . Whilo all these occurrences were taking place in tho cabin, did you hear any sounds as if coming from the captain?-No. Did you see whether he was in his bunk or not ?-I could see that there was somebody in the bunk. We did not see the captain in the bunk till we lifted the rug which covered the body in the bunk, There were present, when the covering was lifted, the second mate, the aailmaker. a passenger, and several of the men. When we lifted the rug off we saw that the captain's body was covered with blood. He was lying on his right side, with his left side up, and there was a large wound over his light temple. We could see the wound as we looked at him. There was a piece of "log" line right round his neck. The bedclothes were saturated with blood. The piece of log line had been passed round , the neck tightly, and then knotted. The captain's face was purple. We cut the line immediately, and tried to restore life, al- though he appeared to be dead, but our efforts to restore animation were unsuccess- ful. The body was quite warm. Did you find any trace as to the perpetrator of the offence ?-We found several pistols on the steward, and I found seven more pieces of tho same sort of stuff as was found round the neck of the captain. I found one re- volver besides the one I had taken out of his hand, five barrels of which were loadod. Two of the six barrels in the other revolver I had taken from him were discharged, and four were loaded. Wo also found on him a single-barrelled breech-loader, which was loaded. The breech-loader and one of the six-shooters were in his trousers pocket. Coronor.- Did you find any ammunition on tho steward besides the revolver?-Yes : there were 27 cartridges in his pockets, of different sizes, to suit the revolvers. There were none to suit the single-barrelled pistol. As I have mentioned, I found seven short pieces of log-line in the steward's pantry. Were there any marks, or anything what- ever in the cabin indicative of a struggle ? The cabin did not bear the appearance of any struggle or disorder : nothing had been knocked about.I should judge the captain had been killed while asleep, and that he must have been drugged, as he was not a sound sleeper. Coroner.-You think that the captain had < , . ii,1 1/11 L' " . . ) i, i.i.i.l nu _ ' ' ,. ,i , ; a . 'i '.'./ ? . .t't been assaulted whilo in a deep sleep?-From the appearance of the body I should judge that at the time the assault was made upon him ho was in a deep sleep ; ho waa un- dressed, and his clothes were off. \- Did you find any instrument in the cap- tain's j cabin which would account for the wound in the temido ?-Nothing but the bolt lie had attacked mo with, which is a " chan -.el-plate" bolt, When the steward came on deck and told you the captain wanted to see you, had ho the bolt with him ?-No. I presume that, after the occurrence, when the necessary excitement had subsided, you made an examination to see whether there were any marks of a struggle ?-Yes, and I saw a mark on a beam, as if the head of the bolt had struck it, and left an indentation. Did the stoward draw blood when he struck you ?-Yes, a great deal. I fitted the head or the bolt into the indentation in the beam. I did not hear any sound as if the bolt had struck the beam when I- was assaulted. Did you observe any blood on the steward's clothes ?-There seemed to be blood on them, but I am not very sure, as his clothes were very dark and dirty. There was no blood on the cabin floor ; it was confined to the captain, bunk. I noticed that the , steward's clothes wero wet, as if from the marks of blood. i i On your securing the steward you charged him with having murdered the captain? Yes.. Now teUus what you said to him so far as your memory serves you, or you can recollect, as that matter becomes one of great import- ance ?-Shortly after I had the steward put i in irons ho asked for writing materials, say- ing that he wanted to make a statement, as he would die in a few hours. Had you charged him then ?-No. I re- fused to take the irons off him, telling him I would write down any statement he had to make. He was then handcuffed'. Then he said he had been drinking very hard since he had been on board the ship, and that what had happened that morning he knew nothing at all about it. This is all I could get out of him. ' ' ' . You have said that you charged him, and that he made areply ?-No ; I did not do that exactly; I only road the official'log out to bim after he had made 'a statement to me. I afterwards made ap1 official entry of the; occunonco in^my logbook. >' ' -i How long after the discovery of the cap- tain's body ?-Immediately after ; about 12 hours aftor discovering the body. Did you do so in the presence of anyone ? -No. Did you call anyone to certify to the truth of theBe entries in youl logbook ?-I had it signed by the second mate, the sailmaker, boatswain, and two passengers. I read my account of the occurrence in the logbook over to them, and they signed it. Thrco or four days afterwards I read it to the prisoner. Witness, at the request of the Coroner, pro- duced the official logbook of the Rifleman, and lead the entries having reference to the subjects of tho inquest over to the jury, These entries are, with a few exceptions, but a recapitulation, in perhaps a more graphic form, of the occurrences of the eventful 10th of Maich. It may bo worth wliilo to nanato one or two of the references in the logbook, although they cannot all be said to have any strict bearing on the pioceedings of the inquest. Soon after going on deck at 4 o'clock to take charge of the watch, Mr. Morgan states that he noticed alight in the captain's cabin, but took no particular notice of it, as Captain Longmuir liad been complaining of having his face burnt with the sun, and had had yvct bandages on it, and he concluded that he had the light in his cabin to enable him to chango tho bandages. About 20 minutes to 5 o'clock the light had disappeared in the cabin, and" about 5 o'clock the steyvard, as was usual when he was on watch, brought him a cup of coffee. The mate then walked aft, when the man nt the wheel said to him (the chief mate) that theie must have been something the matter with the grog the ciow had got on the pievious night, as all the hands had been bad and vomiting during the night. Five minutes afterwards tho steward carne to him and told him that the captain wantod him. ÎThen follows the account of the assault on ihn by Krauss, and of the struggle until with assistance he was secured and removed.] On lemoving the covering from the captain's bunk, Mr. Morgan Btatcs tliat his face was quite purple, and that theie was a cut over the right temple Gin. in length and very deep, which, it seemed to him, must have caused death. During the same day they had the body of the captain washed and placed in a cask of spirits.' The boatswain, during the scuffle in the cabin, was shot in the neck, but it was found that the wound was not a dangerous one.On searching the steward's pantry after the oc- currence, the chief officer found a box of cartridges which woro his (Mr. Morgan's) pro- perty, and seveial papers and letters in dif- ' forent languages, as well as a letter in Eng- lish enclosed in an envelope, in which Tcfoicnco is made to ill-treatment received from tho captain, and in which the writer says that ho supposed he might avengo himself in the best way he could. On inquir- ing in the morning, ho found that some of the men had been sick and vomiting during the night, and caused some of the grog (about which the complaints bad been made)' to be put away. Entries following referred to complaints or some of the cuddy passengers as to perceiving a strange tasto in some drinks supplied to thom, and to tho stowaid having picsscd a passenger to drink in one instance. ' The examination of witness being resumed, ho said, in reference to the statement made by the steward while undor arrest, that he had been drinking hard. Ho had never seen him drunk during the whole of the time that ho had been on board ship. Erom the time they sailed up to the time of tho occurrence he bad never seen Krauss drunk. Coroner. - Do you know the steward's handwriting ?-No. Is theie anyono on board who is acquainted with it ? I do not know, but I can get a copy of his handwriting. Ho made tho entries m the store book. Wheio is the book he is supposed to have kept?-It is on board ship. It contains weekly records of the stores disbursed, which it was the duty of the steward to show to the captain overy Saturday evening. His writing can also be seen on reference to the ship's articles, which ho signed. Tho Coroner expressed his intention of having the entries in the store-book said to have been Icept by the steward, and the handwriting of tho English letter found in tho pantry, compared by an expert. Tho following is a copy of tho lottor found in the pantry : "Sunday, February 21,1873, 7 o'clocka.m. " This date I shifted myself entirely, both underclothing as well as top ; put on a clean pair of stockings at 1 o'clock p.m. The cap- tain told me I was not shifted'; - ho would not havo any beggar to serve up at his cabin table. I told him that I was entirely shifted, and went in to my pantry, whero I Baid to myself that if Captain Longmuir was not pleased with my appearance (obscure), to put someone elso there to servo up, as I wassuro ho was only trying to tread and tramp on me. The captain heieupon ran into my pantry and struck MY a violent blow on the left sido of my face, telling me at the same time thal he'd throw me overboard, if I as a foreign-would give him any cheek. Ho thereupon pulled mo out of my pantry by the 'scrof of my collar, tolling mo to go and Shift myself. I then went and put on a pair of pants which wero dirtier than tho ones I put off, and served tho tablo with them. 1 was loft in the (holcshed ?) for the remainder of tho day. "Quorry.-Is a captain entitled to strike a steward as he pleases with impunity ? If so, then I suposo that a stewaid may avongo himself according to his own best way. "N.B.-This is, since 15 years of my sea- faring life, tho first timo that I was struck by any captain or any other rufián lowering and degrading himself so far as that." lloro follow tho name of tho stoward and the words "probatum mores Domina omni .potcntias hommuin." Tho envelope has the following inscribed on it:-"Ship Rifleman-Treatment received (on) the hands of Captain J. G. Longmuir. -l/e»Hora>¡cf<i personal. " The Coroner (Mr. M'Kay, tho coroner's clork, pi occeding to read over the ovidonco of tho chief officer of the Rifleman) said to tho stewaid that ho had better pay attontiou to the evidenco as it was read over. Krauss.-I havo a vert bad headacho, and am suffering from rheumatics ; but I will pay Buch attention i:s I can. Prior to tho evidenco being road, witness (by coroner) said,-On my reading the entrios in the official log-book to Krauss, ho said that ho had no reply whatever to inako to it. By Jurymen.-I do not know whether the captain had found fault with the steward flbout the grog. Wero there any complaints about tho grog provious to tho murder?-, Nono that I heard of. The ovidonco having been read over, The Coroner (aftor tho usual foim) asked Krauss whether he wished to ask Mr. Morgan any question.? > Krauss.-There is one question I would like to ask. I was " hurted" on my > head by an explosion, which was not entered in the official log-book. Mr. Morgan.-I cannot say whether it was entered in the log-book or not. I had nothing to do with it at that time. By Coroner.-Did you know of the ex- plosion ?-I heard of it, but I did not see it. Krauss.-I laid out money out of my own pocket to buy things for the pantry, as no one paid attention to the things which were wanted for it. I have been out of my mind several times, and I have also had my head laid open on several occasions. The inquest was then adjourned until the following day. Evidence was then given confirmatory of tho testimony of the mate, and the prisoner waa committed for trial on tho charge of murder. Referring to one portion of the proceedings, the Herald says : Krauss, while reference was being made to letters having been found in bia pantry, in several languages, said that he could speak and read and write seven with ease. One paper was shown which contained memo- randa in some half- dozen languages-among which were entries in Latin, Italian, Ger- man, French, Dutch, and English. Tho memos, in Latin referred to the treatment of a black seaman for a tuberculous disease : the English are notes of disbursements of storeB. One of the French momos, is to the following effect:-'On the morning of ,tho 19th February we passed the Cape de Verde Islands, all goes well.' The memos, in German are the folloiviug de- tached sentences :-' The longest day has an end-0, Lord, into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail at times headache comes fiom much growl ing-Those who fall into the wolves' den must hold with them.' The memo, in Italian, which in its bearing on the case seems to be the most important of all, is without date, and to the following effect : ' There has been a very great rovv {baruffa grandissima) with the captain (described as Signar il Capitnno) (Humiliation- Bassa mentol) who struck me a blow on tho head The whole tiling arose out of nothing at al on my part deserving of such treatment. This rextract will show that at the time it WOB written Krauss was brooding over a blow received from .the captain. AU the memos, in .the several languages have been , written in a remarkably neat hand. They seem to have been written at different times." ' , 