HOME & FOREIGN ITEMS (Selected from Eurouean Journals.) Escape from Slaughter. — "Mgr. Bataillon, Bishop of Noumea," says the Gaulois, "left Paris on 26th April, on his way to New Cale- donia, in company with Father Sosthene Duval, formerly preacher at the Convent of Picpus, and six missionaries. That prelate, in 1871, was arrested by the Communists, and marked out as a hostage. He was at La Roquetta at the timo (sic) of the massacre of his colleagues, and only escaped death by a miracle. He is now going to try and convert those who formerly wished to murder him." A TELEGRAM from Rome, dated the 24th of April, says that the Holy Father is now in his usual health, and the rheumatism is pro- nounced cured. Nothing else was the matter with him. He was in excellent spirits, but pulled down in appearance by deprivation of his usual open-air exercises. The Universe of April 26th, referring to this, says — "The Holy Father is completely recovered from his very severe indisposition. We have to hold up to the execration of all noble-minded men the detestable malice displayed during the illness of the Sovereign Pontiff by the journals of the revolution. Their fiendish joy when the news was that Pins IX. was worse is only equalled by their disgraceful expressions of regret now that he has once more disappointed tliem. He will do more than that yet. But when we read in the Ca- pitale that Dr. Constantini (who has been dead two years) has held a consultation upon the state of the Pontiff's health, and that Mgr. Stella (deceased three years ago !) op- posed the efforts of those who wished almost to compel the Pope to leave his bed, we begin to understand something of the depth of the degradation to which the Victor Emmanuel party have at length sunk. And for Roman news the English people receive chiefly this sort of thing translated for them by the Times special correspondent! There has been no great religious display this Easter in the Eternal City. ICrupp, the Prussian, the inventor of the too celebrated cannon of the Franco-German war, is iu Rome, guest ef (sic) the Minister of War. The Empress of Russia has written to Pius IX. to express not only her sympathy with his late suffering, but openly to disavow all approval of the falsifi- cations to which the government of Piedmont has lately had recourse in reference to his condition. This same lady is distributing charity on all sides, and with both hands as they say, to the unfortunate people whom Victor Emmanuel has left to starve. No wonder that the cry is all day, "Long live the Empress!" while at Sorrentum and Naples the reception of Humbert and Mar- guerite was nothing less than frozen. Death of the Earl De La Warr.— Rumors of the most painful nature circulated in Cam- bridge on Tuesday relative to the disappear ance of Earl De La Warr. His lordship, it appears, arrived at the Bull Hotel there, at a late hour on Monday evening, aud, after par- taking of supper, retired to rest. On Tuesday morning he rose early, and left the hotel without partaking of breakfast, and did not return. His body was found in the river Cam on Thursday morning at Sheep's Green, a well-known bathing place, about half a mile from the Bull Hotel. A letter addressed to the steward of his estates at Bourn, near Cambridge, was found on the table of the sitting-room he had occupied. This, on being forwarded and opened, was found to contain a statement that his lordship had left the hotel with the intention of com- mitting suicide by drowning, and that his body would be discovered in the water nearest to the Bull. This led to the river being dragged. Lord De La Warr was fifty-eight years old, having been born in 1815. He suc- ceeded his father in the earldom in 1869. He was educated at Harrow, and served with dis- tinction in the 43rd Foot and 21st Fusiliers. He was present at Moodkee, Ferozeshah, and Sobraon, and for some time acted as military secretary. He served through the Crimean war, was at Alma and Balaclava, and com- manded the detached wing of the 21st Fu siliers at Inkermann. His lordship was a major-general in the army and one of the Army Purchase Commissioners. He is succeeded by bis brother Lord Buckhurst. MORE SUPPRESSIONS IN GERMANY. — A Berlin telegram to the Hour says that the German Government has resolved on the suppression of the Religious Orders of Redemptorists, Lazarists, Sisters of the Holy Ghost, and the Association of the Heart of Jesus. Italy and Switzerland,— Cavour's project of "a free Church in a free State," is curi- ously realized beyond the Alps and the Pyrenees. Both in Italy and Spain the days of pagan persecution are revived, and the most sacred rights are outraged in the name of liberty and modern progress. The "Liberal" statesmen of our day could have given a lesson to such bungling artists as Tiberius or Julian the Apostate. They not only drag bishops and priests from their houses, but forbid their flocks even to pray. Certain Catholics in Italy having announced their intention to make a pilgrimage to Assisi, in order to offer supplications to heaven in this hour of dark- ness, Lanza has ordered the Prefect of the district to close the sanctuary. Is he afraid lest the prayer of the pilgrims should be heard ? Mr. PRIMSOLL'S (sic) counsel have successfully moved in the Court of Queen's Bench, to enlarge until next session the rule granted on behalf of Mr. Norwood, M.P., to show why a criminal information should not be filed against Mr. Plimsoll, for libel. It was intimated that a large amount of evidence is being collected for tlie defence. THE LATE GENERAL FOX. — The death of General Fox will attract notice outside of England. His was a name known over the East, and at Smyrna, the metropolis of numismatics, the loss of the great buyer will not pass without comment. However, he had purchased but little of late years, for on his last visit to Smyrna his collection was so complete that he could not add even to his duplicates, and only acquired half-a-dozen coins. I11 collecting Greek coins, General Fox was not a mere purchaser. He possessed the knowledge of a scholar, as his few memoirs showed. Since the Collection of the Duke de Luynes became the property of a Government, the Cabinet of General Fox was supposed to be the finest private collec- of Greek coins in the world, and its fate will be awaited with interest.— Athenœum. THE LATE MR. HENRY WILBERFORCE. — Our readers will hear with more than ordi- nary regret of tlie death of Mr. Henry Wil- berforce, known to many English Catholics, not only by his contributions to religious literature, but by the dignity of his life, and the charms of his personal character. The youngest of the four sons of William Wilber- force, he had an ample share of the intellec- tual activity which was common to the whole family, and it was his glory to employ it always in the defence of the faith, for which he made many sacrifices, and endured much tribulation. He will be followed by the love and the prayers of all who knew him, and will receive, we doubt not, the recompense promised to those who "suffer for justice sake." R.I.P. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH had an audience of the Pope on Sunday in the Holy Father's chamber. THE HOLY FATHER AND THE GRAND DUKE VLADIMIR.—The Naples correspondent of the Times says that the Empress of Russia seems to have been much touched by the way in which His Holines received her son, the Grand Duke Vladimir. The Pope being ill in bed, His Imperial Highness was admitted to his room, and His Holiness observing that the Grand Duke carried his head rather awry, asked him if he suffered. "I have a boil on my neck," was the reply ; on which the Pope exclaimed, " Oh, that will soon pass and, stretching out both his hands, touched the boil, which, the Prince wrote, disappeared at once. EXPECTED ROYAL VISITORS.—The Daily Telegraph says that the Czarewitch, accom- panied by his consort the Princess Maria Dagmar and their family, will visit London this season as the guests of the Prince and Princess of Wales at Marlborough House, and will be present at Ascot Races. An intimation has been given by their Imperial Highnesses that they will arrive in England about the second or third week in May ; but it is uncertain whether this date refers to the English or Russian calender. The same paper has information that the arrival of the Shah of Persia in London will probably be delayed until the third week in June. KHIVA. — The Khan of Khiva has given up twenty-one Russian prisoners — or twenty- seven — accounts vary — but they have missed General Kauffmann, having been sent by a different route, aud no answer has therefore been received from the invaders. The Nord questions whether the submission of the Khan is an unconditional one, and whether it will put a stop to the expedition. At the same time, there is a rumour of difficulties with Bokhara, which may not improbably extend the area of Russian operations. The eldest daughter of the Emperor of Austria, Archduchess Gisela, was married last week to Prince Leopold, second son of Prince Luitpold, the heir presumptive of the crown of Bavaria. The Archbishop of Vienna, Cardinal von Rauscher, officiated at the ceremony. The loyalty and attachment of the Austrian people to the Imperial dynasty, one of the oldest iu Europe, showed itself on this occasion just in the same way as it had become manifest at the time of the marriage of Francis Joseph and the then Princess Elizabeth, nineteen years ago. To the Catholics more especially, to whom the throne of the Hapsburgs has ever been syno- nymous with the gallant and efficint pro- tection of their Church, this wedding appeared more like a family festival, in which they all joined, than anything else. Altogether, nationalist dissensions and party differences were laid aside for the nonce, and universal peace and harmony prevailed throughout the monarchy. This armistioe is not to end with the marriage festivities, but to be extended over the whole period of the forthcoming International Exhibition of Vienna ; the utmost concord and good feeling is to be shown among all parties and all nationalities. Yet these are mere halcyon days ; once the great show over, the party strife is to break out again worse than ever, or, as the Gennanla tells us, it will be some thing like "hell let loose" in the Austrian monarchy. One thing is quite certain, and this is, that the present state of things cannot last for ever, With the Catholic Church either injured or threatened in its most material interests, and with all nation- alities, saye the Germans and Ruthenians, discontented with the existing regime, it is evident that any change that is made must be for the better, 