I LATEST MINING. Messrs. M'Donnell, Brothers have received the fol. lowing report from the mining manager of the Golden Point Gold Mining Company, Lucknow:-"I hog to inform you that good payable gold bas been obtained in Ko. 3 leader to-day (24th February). Tho vein ia abont 1 fcot thick, and is looking very well." Tho following certificate supplied by Professor Watt to Mr. C. Loni», one of the directors of the Faith' Hope, nnd Charity ten-acre lease, Big Oakey Creek' AVattlo Flat, says the sample of iron pyrites from vein struck at 40 feet, has yielded by assay, at the rate of loz lOdwt 5gr of gold per ton. A meeting of tho shareholders of the Trafalgar Gold» mining Company, was held at the Temperance Hall, on Tuesday evening, when a progress report wai read, and adopted. Great hindrances had been caused by tho absence of a Government surveyor and commissioner. Ho wovor, difficulties wero overcome, and tho nen minino; manager has been in possession, and at work moro than a month. It was resolved, that this meeting, have every confidence ia tho Trafalgar Gold- mining Company, and requests that tho directors proceed with the work energetically. Tho following telegram has been received from tho mining manager of the Queen of-tho linnets G.M. Co. : -"Knocked down quartz yesterday showing good gold." . Tho mining manager of Brown's Creek, frcohold, G. M. Co. reports the first trial crushing of CO tons from the claim as follows :-" Twenty tons surfacing, 4 jdwt fine gold per ton ; 40 tons from 35 feet lovel, SJdwt free gold per ton. The lodo is 30 feat wide, and on trench- ing through tho slate casing two other gold bearing reefs, 2 feet wide each, wero cut into. Shafts have also been sunk on other various gold bearing lodes or dykes, extending through the whole 111 acres. When tho company have machinery erected tho total cost of rais- ing, carting, and crushing is expected to bo under 5s per ton. The Cargo coi-respondent of the Western Examiner writes on February 21 :-The uews from this gold field ls most encouraging. Three loads of dirt from Oura Flat, at a depth ot' 120 feet, with three feet of wash, hos elven 13dwts to the load. This ts the second bottom. Other shafts are down 230 feet, and still nit bottomed. There is no doubt existing in my mind of there huvlug been an immense lake or river itt this place, that is to say, judging by analogy. The reefs aro also looking up. I saw a prospect crushed roughly from 31bs of stone, and the result was ldwt Mgrs of fine gold. This was taken from No. 4 Ironclad South, sta depth nf 100/ feet, 'rho Itlse and Shina Co.'nre now about 28 feet In with their drive towards tho reef, and from all indications would expect them to be on gold shortly. The Btone they are going through ls full of gold-bearing pyrites. Tho surveyor has been here, and many claims far a long time held In abeyance will now be at work. Mr. Campbell, shareholder and mana- ger of the Ironclad Prospecting claim, has been appointed manager pro. tem. of the New Chum lilli Company, and Uley ai e making active preparations to resume work. The Bombala Times says :-Tho Messrs. Marriott's procured 25oz and Bdwts of retorted gold from 67cwt of quartz, but this must not be taken as the actual yield for the tailings are bound to again go through the Solly. It ls probahlo that the stone will moro than realise the expectations of those who set It downas lOoz tuck whilst Iaylngatgrass. Although Messrs. Marriott de«erve all credit for their per- severance, and the independent spirit displayed by them in refusing any outside assistance, yet it is a pity to seo such srone manipulated upon by snell a primitivo grinder. The United Miners adjoining being satisfied with the lateral ex- tension of their Inlang have given instructions to their miners to sink a shaft, on the lode, and provo Its extension vertically. The reef still continues abont 6ft Oin in thlokneBS, and Im- proves In quality as lt goes down. This company apparently mean business, having already secured a wuter right, a race, a tunneling site, and a machino situ of 2 acres. About three months ago a/person lost in tho scrub found a payable allu- vial prospect. Ho has not since re-visited lt, and doubts his ability to Und the precise locality. Some exporlcuced bush- men aro going to start shortly, and try to And out the place. The Sideling Gold-mining Company (says tho Braidwood Despatch), ot the Deua Uiver nra making great progresa with their work«, and evidently Intend to carry out their arrangements In every possible way to ensure success. The mining manager reports:-The water whrel about to le erected at the mine will bethe most powerful ever built in the district, and judging from the supply of water and tho size of water race now bringing on, will bo quito capable of driving from fifteen to twenty-five head ol stampers. A tunnel about 100 yards In length is being driven through a hill for this race, which has been taken by contract by a Darty of men who have set to work ina very systematic manner. A tramway has bef»n laid at both ends, and tho stona ts run out in trucks. Th» tunnel ls about midway between head of race and machina site, and work is going on at either end to have the whole completed by the time thc tunnel is through. The upper tunnel at the mine has been rctlmbcred. and preparations made for working the free gold stone which can bo got in any quantity, S" that with such a I ody ot stone, and inexpensive method of working, this mino bids fair to pay handsomely upon a very small yield of gold. In the lower tunnel men ar« also employed raising three tons of the mineral lode for shipment to Sunland tötest Its real value and discover tho bent mode of treating tho rame. This Isa stephi tho right direction, and should the home returns only equal the various tests made in Sydney of this mineral, and the true method of testing the same upon nu «xtenslvo scale bo (Uncovered, this mine will provo ona of the richest In tho southern district. "We {Border Post) ave prepared to admit that a ermin amount of reaction has set In in this district lately In reference to mining, 'ult that lt is to the extent represented we altogether deny. There ls a co lsldcruble amount of pros- pecting «till going on in tho Immediate neighbourhood ; and wo have nodoubt that, ina very short time, lt will ho demon- strated to bo of some value to tho district. At the Black Bange, the Ethiopian lease ls still being worked by the com- pany ; tho tunnel is in some 160 feet, hut they lim e not yet Btruck tue reef, though It ls supposed that 20 feet will bring them into tho vicinity of, if not on ti, tho rich Ieadeis aban- doned by tho blackfellows. In the creek an old abandoned shaft has ngaln been tackled by a company : when this shaft was being worked some time ago, the wuter was found to be too strong, and lt was given np. The present company have christened the claim the "Try Again," and wo hate every reason to believe that this timo they will auocecd ; tho depth of the shaft is 91 feet. At May Day reel (Conroy's) work is still be'ng prosecuted, and a largo quantity cf stone ls now at grass. The original shaft is down some 80 feet with a fine bold reef three feet thick, the fine gold being very visible through the stone ; there is up- wards ol lÔOtonsof stone to grass: a half share was sold in this claim last week for L60O cash. Lease No. 1 west has some CO tons of stone on the surface. A tunnel is now being putin between tho prospectors and No. 1, from which It is intended to work tile two claims, mid also Ho. 1 east ; the tunnel ls In 108 feet, and in 21 more feet tiley will cut the reef at a depth ot 90 feet from tho surface ; the machinery about to be erectc<i will be placed as near as convenient to the tunnel. No. 3 west (Galvin's) is down «5 feet! tho reef ls 3 feet through, tho stone showing good gold. After a great amount of labour and perseverance, the party holding No. 2 lease east (Man gan's) havo obtained the reef, and aro now sinking. The shaft at One-Tree Hill (Smithers and party) are «tili prose- cuting a search for tho reef: they sunk tho shaft 70 feot and ara now driving north; tho drive 1» in some 100 feet, and during their progress, they cut through several gold-bearing leaders. The opinion is ttiat the reef hera is at a considerable depth, the party therefore Intend to commence to sink tho shaft to a depth of 150 feet if necessary; this party certainly deserve great credit for the way in which they havo persevered, and wo trust they may soon be rewarded lor their labour. Work has beon at a standstill for some weeks past at the Hawks view reef, but operations were again resumed on Thursday . las*. Mr. Martin, who has erected a machino of 18 stampers for the purpose of crushing from this reef, expects to corni menee work about this day fortnight. At Happy Valley Beef the party are still driving, and expect to cut the reef in about ten days or a fortnight. The Aili End Times'ot Saturday last says : Neither Beyersaud Holtet mann's, nor Jirohmann's, are likely to finish in time to admit of our giving the result in this issue. ¡ Krohmann's will probably turn out the quantity mentioned , in our last (between 14,000 nnd 15,000oz), but nothing definite can bo said until the crucial test of the «eales ls applied. WeTspoke atsome length In our issue or Wednes- day last on tho gambling now going on In Sydney with respect to tho anticipated dividend from this claim. Thopast few days luve .witnessed these operations in greater force than ever. We have been told on good authority that speen-, la tors havo bought and sold- the dividend a* hlR.li as 25s per, script ' Men must be downright lunatics to Indulge in transactions of this kind. To pay such a dlvldsnd, lt would require the crusning to yield something like 30,000oz of gold: Good ai the olulm Intrinsically : is, this stupid gambling Is calculated to Injure it. These who have bought. the divi- dend at an extravagant prlco will find themselves seriously on the wrong side of tim ledger ; and ns the burnt child dreads tho fire, so will this and other genuine enterprises bo deprived of tho support of many of these Individuals, who havo only their own stupidity to blame» for tho loss's they will Inevitably Butler. Beyers and Holter . manns also oxpect'to finish crushing to-morrow, BO that the gold from these two claims will go by the same escort; und will probably bo near 20,000 ounces-not a bad three months.' work. We may now begin to look forward to samo of the many outside claims being proved. Most of, these leases were floated about tho,samo time; and the majority,will probably be proved, for good or evil, nearly together ; and while we are perfectly well aware that many claims have been floated which, so far as practical men can tell, hare not trlie " ghost of a show ;" lt li also an undoubted fact that there aro many, genuine < enterprises, only requiring time and patience to lead to a satisfactory development. Great interest ls felt in the progress of mining in the Boot Hog, Turon, and Macquarlo districts. A few good ci uihlngs from those claims would bo of wonderful. assistance in res- toring public confidence. Many of tho claims bara very lal g* quantities of good stono at grtt-s, but the extremely rugged nature of tho country renders cruthing almost an impos- sibility at present, as tho carringa of large quantities of stone to the maohines now. I" work would, in many Instances, make a large bolo in tho returns., It ls a great pity that some, of these claims, such as the Welcome, with hundreds of. tons . of stono ready for crushing, cannot at once getlt put through, at a remunerative figure ; but from tho cause we have nien t toned, this cannot bo done ; lind the managers arc accord- ingly accumulating their quartz In heaps, walting until crushing power ls near and available. Tho Bed Hill Com- pany, Tambaroora, oro now in full swing with their crush- ing machino. The plant is u very fine one, and thu manner tn which lt has beau erected reflect! great crediton those engaged In the construction. Wa undoritar.d tho company Intend to crush for the public and as the'r chargesare to bo very reasonable, they will no doubt reçoit e a fair sunroof support. Accounts from Tambaroora continuo to be of an encouraging nature; and there seems' ovary reason to believe that ere long " old .Tambaroora" will again come to the ' front as a gold-producing locality. Things seem pretty quiet at Green Valley at present. Tho last crushing of the Poep-o Day Company, though It did not turn out as well as waa generally eipectcd, was payable; and as depth is attained th» stono seems to improve, so that the plucky shareholders In this company have every chanco af reaping a reward indue time for their large and spirited outlay. The trial [crushing from the Gigantic Struggle ls another proof that the gold of tho district ls by no means confined to Hawkins' Hill ¡ and although wo cannot expect to find such another very rich spot In tile neighbourhood, there are plenty of openings fur tho em- ployment of capital, with tho prospect of o far higher return than can be obtained in any other direction of enterprise. 