NATIONAL EDUCATION. WHÏ should education be made compul- sory ?- is a question sometimes asked by people who are firm believers in the wisdom of their ancestors, and who are content to " stand upon the ancient, ways," and to exclaim with Christopher Sly, " Let the world slide." An interrogation of this kind may be most effectually dealt with by propounding another, which is obviously germane to aud correlated with it. It is this,-Why make vaccination obligatory ? Why impose quarantine regulations upon all ships entering our harbors ? Why pass Building Acts for large towns ? Why adopt municipal by-laws for sanitary and other purposes ? All these are so many infringements of personal liberty, and might bo resented as such with much greater reason than people exhibit when they declare themselves opposed to compul- sory education. " What," says John Jones, " do you mean to tell mo that I ara to ho forbidden to rear up a family of pigs in my backyard, in the centre of a populous town? The'odour of the sty does not offend my nose, nor the noses of my family ; and if we don't mind it, why should wo consider the olfactory organs or tho health of our neighbors ? Do you call this a freo country ? " To which, of course, the ob- vious reply is,-"That John Jones' freedom does not extend beyond the point at which its exercise becomes detrimental to the free- dom of other people." Another complaint utters itself from the mouth of William Brown. " Here am I called upon to pay rates for Municipal purposes or for my water supply, and if I don't meet the demand I am threatened with distraint. What do I care about forming streets, or of what use to me is a good supply of water laid on in pipes. Have I not my own tank, aud as for that I only ask for a billy full in the morning, and another at tea time. I don't care about washing myself; it's a loss of time and a waste of soap." Then comes Mr, Henry Robinson ; he has made a little money and wishes to invest it in real estate. Accordingly he has made up his mimi to " run up" a row of houses, which shall cost little and afford lura a handsome return on tho outlay. Tînt ho finds, or he ought to find, if he builds within certain proclaimed boundaries, that tho City Surveyor, or some such functionary, has a voice in the matter; and diet the party-walls must be of a specified thick- ness, as a matter of precaution for the safety of the inmates and also to lessen the risks of conflagration. " Do you nieau to say," he exclaims, " that I cannot do what I like with my own ? I should like to know why the Parliament has thought fit to curtail my freedom in this way?" But in all these cases the venerable maxim, ¡alus popali, lex suprema, has been wisely acted upon, and every plea which is capable of being advanced in justification of legislation based upon this principle, is capable of being urged with tenfold force on behalf of compulsory education. To prevent the introduction and to check the spread of au epidemic, are admitted to he duties which the Government-as tho re- presentative and executive of the commu- nity- is bound to discharge with vigor and promptitude. But ignorance is a malady to be dreaded far more than the deadliest of epidemics. The latter merely poison and destroy the body; but the former starves, brutalises, and may kill the mind. The offspring of parents who have died of yellow fever, cholera, small- pox, or diph- theria, may grow up sound, healthy, and robust; but can we say the same of the children of the uncultivated ? Is it not a fact that they degenerate -that they be come more coarse, brutal, and depraved even than their progenitors were ? We strive, though not very successfully, to keep the physical atmosphere of our populous towns sweot and wholesomo ; and shall we not also endeavor to improve and purify their moral atmosphere ? But can we do so as long as there is any por- tion of our population running about the by-ways, or scattered through * the bush, with nothing to distinguish them from the quadrupeds but their iudocility, thoir pre- cocious tendencies to vice and crime, and tho misused gift of speech ? We may do our utmost to protect the community against the ravages of fire ; but thero is somethiug more baneful than the torch of the incendiary, moro perilous thau tho existence of human habitations constructed like match-boxes ; and that is popular ignorance. " What is a monp "-exclaims Hamlet, " If his ohiof good nndmorkot of bia timo Bo but to sleep and feed ? A boast : no moro." And such "beasts" aro growing up in all civilized countries in which compulsory education has not been adopted. As a mere matter of sordid self-interest, society is bound to insist upon every child within its limits being instructed up to a certain point ; and as far beyond it as its means will allow. For the ignorant must and will become one of its greatest dangers. The neglected and the untaught are the recruits who are most easily enlisted into what Carlyle calls " the Devil's regiment." They prey upon the industry of the country, or they dissipate their earnings-when they labor for a living-in drunkenness and folly. For them, mainly, we build our prisons, hospitals, and lunatic asylums, organise our police and establish our judi- ciary. For every pound the State saved by declining to educate them in their youth, it is called upon to spend three when it comes to deal with them as loafers, as confirmed drunkards, as the maimed victims of carelessness, recklessness, and fool-bardibood,-as lunatics, or as prema- turely decrepid old men. I Most persons will probably recollect that passage in the " Christmas Carol," in which the Ghost of Christmas Present shows Scrooge the figures of a boy and girl, "yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolf- ish ; but prostrate, too, in their humility. Where graceful youth should have filled their features out, and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, like that of age, bad pinched and twisted them and pulled them into shreds. Where angels might have sat enthroned, devils lurked, and glared out menacing. No change, no degradation, no perversity of humanity in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread." The miser asked whose children they were. " They are Man's," said tho Spirit, " and they cling to me, appealing from their fathers. This boy is Ignorance. This girl is Want. Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased." We will not lessen tho force of the brilliant novelist's impressive warning by the addition of a word of comment ; unless it be to remind our readers that the force of the passage " lies," as Captain Bunsby was accustomed to observe, " in the appli- cation of it." 