ta'nkebanI. ?'*?'?' \- .'?.',?* ? ? : ? ' __^_ 1 , ' . - ? ,' } . . Wooii- gathering— Fights between n«grpes. , ' Febreq'u'obrpncuiatis is one of tbo names 1 given by the New York papers to tbo horse disease. y: : Sowing machines are ruH by water-power in California. ? . ? ? , ?, A Chic 100 poet begins an apostrophe' to tho ooo'in with ' Prodigious dampness ! ' Clinton, la., has ' ghost partios.' Thirty or forty couples go out visiting at night, envelopod in sheets. Ik Cincinnati there is said to livo a man so bow-legged tbat he bae his tromora out with; a - circular saw. .. ? For gushing young maidens of twenty-fivo or . forty a cunning fringe of hair on, the forehead, in poodle-dog style, is the proper thing. .;;?;;?? A IiIttle girl wanting a fan,. but not being ablo to remember the word, eaid she ';wanted a thing to brush the, warmth Oifwitli.' i'i A lady wrote of her lover, who had become insane, that ' he had gono.out of-,his mind, but had never ..gone out of hers.' ,. .? ; ,:. ; ??, : The gaoler of St. Louis has issued .an order excluding from the gaol young ladies with tract?. Ho says that some of Iho; prisoners havo been receiving love letters as well as' tracts. A comibspondent (unmarried) suggests that Solomon's wisdom was duo to the. fuct that, he had seven hundred .wives whom ho consulted on all occasions. ... ? ; SoMKBODYinquiringut. tho Springfield, Illinois, post office for a letter for Mike Howe, received tho gruff answer that - there was .no letter for anybody's cow. . ; „'. -.. ,? .,'?:?' Tj''i'' '? ? '* They've got Froudp. down to a protty fine } point in New York, says a -Philadelphia paper. , A statistical student says that; in tho first 25 minutes of a recent locturo he put his hand in his pookots 21 times, and lifted his coat tail 35 times, by actual count. Ii- thero is 0110 thing wo liko moro than another, it is a simplo direct, intelligible stato ment of something wo are interested in. How, then can wo bo sufficiently gratoful to Professor Agassiz for informing us that ',' trilobit.es are not any moro closely related to the phyllopods than to any other entomostracro, ,or .to ??? the, iSOpod ?' ??,..' .. .':,)???.:???? . 1 ;., A . dim. in Indianapolis, who has 200,000, dollars, advortises for sealod proposals for marriage. The postmaster has decided to charge her double price for her box, as it keeps ono clerk half liis time filling it up with pink tinted envelopes, and the whole office is saented with musk and bergamot liko- a perfumer's BllOp. ?.'.,' :?' ' '? ' . -: ? ; The young Afrioan brought- to this country by Mr. Stanley is said to have an excellent'ear for music. Ho spends much of his time singing ? a tendor song which calls up recolloctions of his homo. Tlio refrain isr— Strillikivayu uiubnbodoyou Matntutnl nMiilCRont llHbnlu Tralli-lttlli lnillgutlou mootoo. '' A Massachusetts paper recently announced that a dog with two tails had been scon in the neighborhood of Taunlon, in that State. An opposition local paper treated Iho assertion with scorn und ridicule. The other paper in its noxt issuo reaffirms tho truth of its allegation, but explained that one of the tails belonged to nn ox,. and was curried in the mouth of tho cauinc. ; . Oou young friends will thank us for directiug attention to some Sanscrit books which wo find announced. If the works are as oharining as their titles, they have a rich treat in store. Here tiro a few of them : ' Swapanchakshirimaha niAntrastotra, ' ' Trigunutmiknkalikrstotra, ' ' Upungalalitavrotodyapatana,' und 'Annnta- cliaturdasivratakatha.' They will relieve the tedium of a journey, especially if tho train jolts a littlo, and thoy can bo recommended for birth day presonts. A DuTCit farmer in Canada overheard un unusual loud hallooing oh the part of his neigh bour, another farmer. He walked slowly 10 the gap whenco the voice proceeded, and the follow- -. ing brief conversation ensued: — 'Shon, vot isb , to matter?' 'Ven den,' says John, ' I was trying to climb on to to top of dish high stone wall, and I fell off and broke my leg and ribs.' ' Ish that all ? Vy, you hollowing pig fellow, I lot you got toof- ache.' ; Lovk Poistky. — A poem on Lovo Unrequited, by Elize de Blank, appears in a Culiforniun paper. Tho first stanza is as follows : — ' Ah, do not so! Ilovotlieo! How inuisli I itaro not - tell ; l'or I must keep tlio secret, Though I lovo tlice, oh, so woll I Ah, Unset1 by me, darling, . ?' With thy warm hand cliispcJ In mine ; Though my eyolids strive to shadow. Love's telegraphic sign.' This seems to bo a rather pretty way of expres sing it. Lize evidently means that she is woak enough to wink at him. ?-.?-.- 