AGRICULTURAL. Harvest is now well over, and steps are being taken to ascertain approximately the yield of wheat. The returns have been variable, in some instances beint? even better than was antici pated, wnust in oinera luey nave iaueu snore or appearances. No damage has been done by red rust, and nothing worth speaking of by any of the other diseases dreaded by farmers, but storms and locusts have between them reduced the average materially in many localities. The scarcity of labour for the ingathering has been marked, and it has been no uncommon thing to see women and small children engaged in hand reaping or in cleaning out the grain. Tho weather, fortunately, has been most propitious, and the hazardous experiment of leaving hundreds of thousands of bushels exposed in the fields after thrashing has not been attended with any serious ill consequences. The quality of the wheat this year is excellent, and is sure to com mand the highest market price at home. Great efforts are being made to send off a fleet of ships for Lendon early in the year, and the action taken to procure vessels has caused freights to run up to an enormous height. It is not known as yet what tho aggregate yield will be, but tho exportable surplus will range between 150,000 and 200,000 tons. The railway stations are positively blocked up with wheat, the autho rities not having the means at their disposal to corvey the produce to the Port, or anything like bo fast as it is delivered to them. The scene at Port Adelaide is a very busy one, the wharf being lined with ships of all sizes, all taking in cargo. In accordance with the recommendation of th« Lord Bishop of Adelaide the Church of England has commenced to hold thanksgiving services. On Thursday, January 23, the first of the series took place at St. Mary's, South-road, and the second was on Sunday at Christchurch, North Adelaide. Next Sunday there will be a special service at St. Paul's, Adelaide, for which the building will be decorated. The collect and prayer appointed by the Bishop ara as follows : — 'O Almighty God, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up, the harvest of the field to perish, and the husbandmen to be ashamed ; and now in mercy hast given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season, give us graee also to use the same to Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach us also to remember that 'Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of Ged.' Thou hast sent Thin* own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever, who now Uveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost one God, world without end. Amen.' ' O Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy sun to nse on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness ; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast be stowed upon us, filling our hearts with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious name, beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gifts, the bright light ef the Sun of Righteous ness, and the dew of Thy heavenly blessing ; and so plant us here in the house of the Lord that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our God ; through Jesus Christ our Lori, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen.' At Stow Congregational Church on the evening of Sunday, January 26, the service had special reference to the bounti ful harvest, the pastor, the Rev. C. B. Symes, preaching an eloquent and impressive discourse from Ieaiah 9th and3rd, ' They joy before Thee according to the joy of harvest.' The yield of flax for the past year has not yet been reckoned up; but in the Encounter Bay District, the average over about 100 acres is said to be H tons. On January 5, about 1 p.m., a fife broke out on the premises of the Willunga Flax Mill, and the steam whistle screamed incessantly to the utmost Dower until it alarmed the whole neighbour hood effectually. The results of a concourse of persons assembling was a speedy extinction of the flames. Several bales of tow had been stowed in a stone stable contigous to the mill, and these by some as yet unknown means ignited. It is thought that some damp material under the tew must have generated heat and smouldered until by spontaneous combustion it burst into flame. Beyoad a bale of tow that was destroyed and a large hole made in the roof of the building, no injury was done. An inqueat was held on the aiternoon of January 16, and resulted in a verdict of spontaneous combustion. Dr. Jay. J. P., acted as Coroner. 