8H0ALHAVEN VOLUNTEER OQRPa IT WOUU ^ppear 4 from the absence of wy allueion to/the formation of a Volunteer Ootps in Shoalhaven, during the consideration of the item ojE £350 on the Supplementary Estimates jijst pissdd, for the purchase qf clothing for a cotpp tp. be.established at Orange, that the^ Got^rrtmcnt have no intention whatever of acceding to the desire of the large number -of residents «£ tbis distriet who bave from time to time offered their services in the defence of their Queen and oouAtry. The application of the Orange people Bpjveare to have met \rith : sueoess, although their application, has been only reiccntity eeiit ta Goycrpment, 'while that from 8h,oalhaven. has been .repeated annually for the past five or six years, and to the bead of the several Administrations. From all previous Premlora, tke applicants hiaye, been vouchsafed wfth t^e rcasoos of t^e "yrby ^ud the whercfore." Mr. OOWPEB end Sm JAKES MABWN were each opposed to the VofcnlCcV Force, and at ouoc gave the petitioners. a reply. Thcnwitter one "which re^ quired vety little consideration with those gen-, tlemen. ' The enrollment of. Additional corps was opposed to their poKqy, and they had the candour to let the applicants know this. But Mr, HENEV PABMS PNIFDSSES to bo in favour of Voliuitoers. In hie remarks, made during the consideration of the item above alluded to, he said "the Government wap In favor of JQw^ cetabUsl]im,eBt Yohmteers in all looalitiea easy acces^blc to tbe coast or railways." fie purposely took care to 6ay nothing about establishing ooipe really on the coast where there would.be. no cjxpeuse of transmission of the force, should Hitch an emergency arise. In reply to questions put to the Colonial Secretary in November last by Mr. WARDEN, the member for Shoalhaven, Mr, PAHKEB, V ith his ready END cvasiyc answers, for which he is so characteristic, stated that ( the subject was under the < consideration of the Government," a very vague and handy reply to inquisitive members. Were tho question to. bo repeated, the answer would be as brief—?" still under the consideration of the Government." For years the question has been under the consideration of one Govern* ment or another, but still remains the same. We were once informed from a reliable source that the reason why the Government would not sanction a Volunteer Corps being established, in Shoalkaven, was, because they had received a communication (of course in Mr. PAUSES' upual style, "secret and confidential), from ft resident here, stating that "it would be dangerous to place arms in the hands of the people of Shoalhaven, for the reason of their being mostly Fenians!" If such a communication had really been made, it was not only untrue, but it was unfornate for Shoalhaven, particularly at the time when Mr. PABREPhad discovered a "new crime" in tlin country, which necessitated the passing into law through all its stages in one night the famous Treason Felony Bill. The improssion formed by the Government of that day on the receipt of such a communication would perhaps jnstify them in withholding all communion with the district. But it has not been proved (though attempted) that there existed a single Fenian—" cabbage-garden" or otherwise—in Shoalhaven, as for " the ghost of the murdered man at Kiama," Mr. PARSES knew, as well aB we did, that his statements at that time were what he himself terms " political fabrications," lies to gull the mosses, so that he might, through, them, elevate himself to his present position t Surely Mr. Partes does net still wish to impose upon as by declaring that the Government is impressed with the belief that Fenianism really exists in Shoalhaven, or in the country. If so, he certainly has not undergone any change, einee his elevation to office, from the political impostor and adventurer he has always appealed in the eyes of those who have known him intimately for the last quarter of a centuiy. We, however, believe that we know the mil motive of Mr. PABKES in not acceding to the desire of the would-be volunteers ; and if we are correct in our surmises, we can only eay that Mr. PABKES' attempt at revenge upon a political opponent foils veiy harmless; but it may, at no distant period, give tbe country and the British Government cause to regret the refusal of the services of the people of Shoalhaven. THE Estimates for the services of the present year have, after a series of scenes disgraceful alike to both tbe Parliament and the country,. been finally disposed o^ and the appropriation of the various amounts received the sanction of her Majesty's Representative. The Estimates just passed exceed those of last year by £250,000, including £70,000 for interest on the one million railway loan of 1867. *Tlio balance tif this large increase is to be devoted to make good the salaries of the. Civil servants, which had been cut down by tbe late Government and Parliament. We are at a loss to understand upon what principle the salaries of the officers of the various departments have been augmented. We cettunly cannot, for the life of us, see any just reason. It cannot l>e owing to any rise in the price of tho necessaries of life, as was the case on the advent of the gold discoveries some twenty years ago. Provisions, clothing, bouse rents, and other requirements of . human nature, are at the present time as low ae they have been for yean past-; therefore, the increase of salaries have not been brought about pn that eoore,—although we ate satisfied as to the increase to that huge body of men—the police force—for. their salaries bad no right to be reduced in the first instance. We cannot see the justice of reverting to the old State of things by lavishing,the public fonds iupon jtHis higher officers of' the The watch^i' " Retrenchment" has been for years sounded l)y many of the members of the present Parliament^' aid Jrasweveberated, from'"Onegpd ofthe,, land to jhc"^>ti|cr, but it is a* sm^ar'fact tlit during the consideration of the Estimates just passed, the word " Retrenchment" has not been once used, and with the exception of the rejec-- tion of the £200 for tlic'Queen's f Plate; linos' not even . been' acted upon. The Oppositionpa certainly not to blame for this, for Mr. ,PARKBB finding himself backed up by a large majority of partizans, who arc looking ahead for the price of thcii^^elitjrj^ only too glad tojgnbrace the oppditurtily of stvengtlmnin^biB position .b^y securing the,future 6upport and votes of die rpembers of flip Civil Ser^<».- pie increase of sa|ar|bs appear to us to he theltidp upon which the futurc popularity of Mr. PASEES is to depend. We onoe remember hearingf'the hpn, the Colonial Secretary assert that he.^uld reduce the expenditure of the Civil Service to the amount of £100,000, without affecting its efficiency! But Mr. PARKEB wasnotthenhe "leadorof the HOUBO," or ^Colonial Secretary and IVowler," or " a member of the Exooath^," as he now, with so much egotism, daily aa/d almost hourly Informs the Opposition I 