THE ceremony of "Reception" or-taking the Whlto Veil, In connection with the Presentation Convent, took place on "Wedneiday, at the Ohuroh of tho Apostles. ThU being tho first ceremony of the kind at Launceston, & good deal of Interest was taken in the event, and a large congregation assembled on the oc- casion. Tickets of admiiaion'to the nara were paid for at ls eaoh, and to other parta of the ohuroh at 6 J, the receipts to bo appropriated to the oonvent building fand. The front seat waa reserved for the community of the oonvent, and the relations of tho young ladt about to take tho religions habit. Shortly before the ceremony commenced, the father and stater of the pos- tulant, Air. Boylson and 'Mils Boylson, of Bathurst Now South Wales, were escorted to their aeata. The required arrangements had bcon made by the aaoristan for the oonvenlenco cf the postulant, the Superiores» and ar Blatant, at tho chancel . Mr. A. Roper oonduoted I tba choir, - Misa Dowling presiding at toe organ 1 Several proota«lona tc ok plaae daring the proceedings which, in addition to the u'ual prayers and ceremonies comprised a sermon by the Most Rev. Bishop Mar phy, who also officiated as celebrant. At half-past tea the first procession moved from thi sacristy. A number of young ladies in bridal attlrt took part, and these alono exalted considerable admira tion ; there wore misses üllen and Cecily Murph] (little daughters of his worship th« Mayor nf Launces ton). Theresa Kennedy, Elizabeth Roper, Florance anc Gertruda Doolan, and Theresa Hadfield. The Missal Florence Doolan and E. Roper offlolated as acolytes, and the processional oross was borne by Miss Hadfield They were followed by tho altar boya, and then came the clergy- the Bevs. J, Hogan (Westbury), M O'Oallaghan (Longford), the Bishop, bearing hit pastoral crozier ; Revs. E. F. Walsh (Deloraine), and M. J. Beeohioor (Campbell Town), whe officiated ai deacon and sub deacon ; with thi Very Rev. Sean Butler and Kev. J. Fechan. After a brief intetval, tho "bridal angels," young ladiei before named, appeared, followed by the novice-e'eoi (Miss Mary Boylcon), a young lady, who was superblj attired in a white silk dress, trimmed with L'morioi lace, and a handsome white veil, with appropriate ornaments, the Revs. Superioress and Mother Assist- ant (sister and niece of Bishop Murphy), with thc nuns and noviciates of the convent, each bearing a wax candle. . The procession traversed the aisles, passing the choir, to the chancel, and then took their position, the bishop and clergy at tho altar, and the novice and attendant nuns tn front of the rails, the choir mean- while singing " O Gloriosa Vtrcinuni." \- The Bishop proceeded with the prayers, and having blessed tho candle, Incensed and sprinkled it, presented it to the postulant, saying, " Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light, as an emblem of the inward light, to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error; that, being illuminated with the light ci Divine wisdom, with tho fetvor cf the Hely Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the Church, who liveth and rolgneth with God the Father, in the unity of God the Holy Ghost, world without end." The 'Postulant ard Convent community having thea taken their seats, the Bishop entered the pulpit for the sermon. His Lordship took for his text Psalm xv., verse 5 (Douay version ) " The Lord is tho peitton of my inheritance and of my oap : It ls thou that wilt restore my inheritance to nie." At the close of the sermon lia lordship proceeded with tbe- ceremony. The Rev. Superioress having raised the postulant from herseat. she and the mother assistant conduoted her to tho rails, where the Bishop proposed th« questions : My child, what do you demand ? Tho mercy of God, tho holy habit of religion, the chaiity of the Order, and the society of the mather and Bisters, Is it with your free will and consent you demand the habit of religion ? Yes, my lord. The Bishop (to tba R?v. Snperioress) : Rev. Mother, have you ic quired into the other points necessary to bo known for those wbo enter into religion, and aro you fully satisBed ? ? 