ODDS AND ENDS. An Irish Writer says ; " I know of no earthly reason why women cannot become medical men." Controversy and Chemistrt. — Why is abso- lute dogma, your reverences, like absolute alcohol ? So please you, because it is utterly above proof. In Chicago itjis'proposed to abolish the light house at the mouth of Chicago River as an un necessary excuse— the Bense of Binellofthe nilots being all that is requisite to cnablo theni to make the harbor." Among the "conditions of sale" by an Irish auctioneer was tho following : — " The highest bidder to bo the purchaser, unless some gentle man bids more." A Youxo Colknso.— Governess (reading) : " And he would fain havo filled his belly with the husks that the swine did cat — " Master Tom : "Hut why didn't ho kill a pig, and make somo bacon ?" A Brilliant Party was lately given by an Indian lady on tho day she got a divorce from her husband. On leaving at a late hour each of her guests wished her " many returns of tho happy occasion." The ladies of Bellvillc, 111., have canvassed their town and alleviated all cases of suffering thoy could. They were obliged to marry off thirteen disconsolate old bachelors before their task was completed. Being shown some very fat cattlo at tho Homo Farms at Windsor, nnd understanding that they had been fed on oil-cake, the Shah grew quito animated, and said to the interpreter, "Ask if oil-cake is good for wives." The following is a literal copy of a notico which lias been erected within theso fow dnyB in a field in South London " Ladies and gentlemen are requested not to steal tho turnips. _ Other per sons, if detected, will bo prosecuted." . An Extinguisher. — Forward nnd Loquacious Youth—" By Jove, you know, upon my word, now— if I wore to seo a ghost, you know, I should be a chattering idiot for the rest of my life." In genuous Maiden (dreamily)—" Have you scan a ghost ?" Aoadkmt Pencillinos.— Affable Stranger— " There, sir, my work 'ung on tho lino again ! Sir Francis can appreciate a good thing, sir. ' Aston ished Stranger— " Eh ? What! I thought Mrllais painted this " Affablo Stranger (contomptu- ously)— " Pooh ! 'E may have painted it, but I made the frame !" . A Portland man, who was caught fishing For trout on another man's land the other day, com pletely silenced tho owner, who remonstrated, with tho majestic answer, "Who wants to catch your trout? I'm only trying to drown this worm. ... „ , .. An Old Lady said to her sons — Boys, done you over spekcrlatc or wait for something to turn up. You might as well go and sit down on a rock in the middle of a medder, with a pail betwixt your legs, and wait for a cow to back up to you to be milked." A Slid op Shamrock. — Speaking of ainiUdle- a"cd gentleman who had married a very young lolly, v " That .nan," said Mr. Murphy "is old enough to he her father." " Not quite, replied Mr. O'Rouke. "There's only scvontccn years difference between them. But he's quite old enough to bo her mother." ' A Pine Bluff, Ark., paper says: 'Our city sexton, Mr. Joseph Neeley, may bo found at all tunes during the day at his office, corner of "'Ucn and Heckatoo streets. All poisons iyiu_ —'ication for burial must first register making ap.. ' ">e city sexton. Any person their names with ... . 4 'no fine." vinlatinL' this will lie sllhlou. . ' wood pi!o Having reason to believe Hint u.. -H. a was disappearing more rapidly than it o»i,. . man out West took t he prerauticii lo doctor » certain stick, nud put it in a convenient posit 0 for abstraction. Next morning there was an e:-> llosion in his neighbor's cookiilg stove that sor.t die hash and buckwheat cakes llyi'.'g about very promiscuously. Be Brief. — Long speeches, long lettora, Itm communications, arc out of place in these stirring times. Wo havo a whole world's news to loo? after, and put iu order for our readers overnight, Kemcmbcr that, kind correspondents and con tributors. Avoidiparcnthcfiis. Drop tho scmi- colons altogether. Make the spaces between tho jioriods as brief as possible. Shako out tho ad jectives without reserve. Sacrifice the pet meta phors. Bo not led away by tho lovo of antithe sis, or alliteration. Bo clear, crisp, and perti nent, alike in your invectives, eulogies, and re commendations. Think of tho Lord s Prayer, nnd then of tho awful substitute served up in too many pulpits. Lifo is too short, too full of cares and duties, to be thrown away. Tho best advice, the brightest wit, the |dccpest wisdom, como over in small packages. — ISoston Globe. A Misekaulk Novelist.— Tho following is tho lament of ono of our most distinguished authoresses, well paid and read with avidity — Miss Mitford " I would rather servo in a shop — rather scour floors — rnther nurse children than undergo those tremendous and interminable dis putes and this unwomanly publicity. I am now chained to a desk, eight, ten, twolvc hours a day, at mero drudgery. All my thoughts of writing are for hard money. But for theso dear tics I Bhould never write another line, hut go oiifc in somo situation, as other destitute women do.' Since I have liecoroo a professed authoress, woer is mc ! A washerwoman hath a bettor trodo. ( write merely for remuneration, and would rathec ecour floors if I could get as much by that healthier, more respectable, and more fominino employment. I myself bate all my own doings, and consider tho being forced to this drudgery as tho greatest misory that lilo can afford. Jiuc it is my wretched fate and must bo undergone —so long, at least, as my father is spared to mc,- If I should havo the misfortuno to lose him, I shall go quietly to tho workhouse, and novor write another lino— a far preferable destiny. No woman's constitution can Btand tho wear and teat of all this anxiety. It killed poor Mrs. Hemans, and will, if not averted, kill mo." Sold ! — There is a sheriff in Illinois who woe rather taken in on one occasion and dono for. He makes it a prominent part of the business to ferret out and punish pedlars for travelling through the States without a licence ; but one morning lie met his match — a "gincoine' Yankee pedlar, " What havo you got to sell — anything ?" asked the shoriff. " Yeas, sartin ; v/hat d'ye liko to hor ? Got razors fust rate ; that's an article, squire, that you want tew, 1 should say. by tho looks o' your baird. Got good blackin ; 'twill make them old cowhide bootB o' your'n shine so't you can shavo into 'cm. Balm o'Klumby tew ; only a dollar a bottlo ; good for the hair, and assisting poor humnn nater' as tho poet says." The sheriff bougiit a bottle or tho Balm of Co lumbia, and in reply to the question whether lie wanted anything else, that functionary said he did ; ho wanted to seo the Yankee's liccnso for pedling in Illinois, that being his duty as the nigh sheriff of the State. Tho pedlar showed him a document " fixed up good, black and white," which the officer pronounced correct ;' and hand ing it to the pedlar, he added, "I don't know now th&t; I've bought this stuff that I care any thing about it. I reckon 1 may as well sell it to you again. Whnt'll you give for it?" "Oh, I don't know as tho stuff's of any use to mo ; but seein'it's yeou. sheriff, I'll givo you about thirty seven and a half cents for it, quietly responded tho trader. The sheriff handed over the bottle and received tho money, when the pcdkif said, " I say, yeou, I guess I've a question to ask now. Have you cot a pedlar's license about your trousers ?" " No, I haven't any use for tho article myself," said the sheriff. "Hain't, eh? Well, I guess we'll see about that pooty soon, lif I understand the law, ncow, it's a clear case that you've been tradin' and pedlin' the BsUm o'Klumby on the highway— and I shall inform on yeou." Keaching the town the Yankee was as good as his word, and the high sheriff was fined for pedling without a license. He was heard afterwards to say " You might as well try to hold a greased eel as a live Yankee." 