TOUR GHOSTS. (From the Hem rork 1i-uane.) Mankind has a weakness for spectre.. If we are to credit human testimony at all, a great mass of supernatural narrative still tests our scepticism, even with the largest allowances for ocular delusions, infirm eredulity, end our propensity to see that we expect to see and what others profess to have sesn. The earliest legends and traditions are full of these mysterious visitors, gliding through the twilight of history and peopling tile pages of poetry and romance. In "Hamlet" and in many other of Shakspeare's plays, the ghosts come in as regular dromauti personae, and so much as a matter of course that their coming at all does not seem in the least miraculous. This is because, np to a recent period, nobody questioned the existence of ghosts. The age, though it is a little more sceptical, has its spoctres still, asd still our houses and highways are haunted. Of four recent ghosts we have lately seen newspaper accounts. Number One walked, all in white, in the pleasant village of Rowley, Mass., with blood-red hands, from whuich it was deduced that it wos the ghost of a man slaughterer who was long ago hung, or deserved to be. If so, the Rowley spectre has experieneed a change of heart, for he is always seen in the first grey dawn ehovellings now from the sidewalks--a most considerate and usehul spirit--that is, if the snow actually dimap pears before the implement, a point upon which we are not informed. In some of our towns and cities, if he really could clear the way for early pedestrians, he would have been tllis winter a prodigious friend to the lacy ; nor should we ourselves object to being so haunted. Number Two is a woman, but at the same time of the hair- erecting and marrow-congealing sort. She travels by rail. - She haunts the fireman and she dis tracts the engineer of the locomotive "Von Moltko," on the Binghamton Railway, journeying, against all the rules of the company, upon the tender, and without prepaying her fare. The incredulous conductor, upon hearing of this deadhead (in a double menss such), determined to investigate for himself. The train stopped at a water-tank to replenish the boiler, and there was the she-ghost sitting still upon the tender, and uttering the following words: "Now, Billy, I've got you l" The fireman was about ungallantly to smite the woman with a chain, when the conductor came up and told him not to strike a woman, but to grasp and hold her-one of the neatest and most pleasant pieces of advice possible under any eireum. atonnes. Then the spectre vanished--" melted into thin air," as the reporter poetically and originally oh, serves. Tle fireman has met the same ghost in Syra. cuss, when and where she told him, in sepulchral accents, that "whisky would he the death of him" which we think exceedingly probable. What else she told him he refuses to disclose; but it must have bhon somcthing awful. Lately,just as thb engine was going out oethe yard the ghost appeared again; and the engioeer was so frightened that he declined to make his regular trip, and, going home, probably took some thing hot and wont to bed. Number Three, if a ghost ot all, is one interested in the eummon school system of Massachusetts. It is atteched to a Newburyport (Mlass.) seminary, scares the sehool-marm, and takes a mean advantage ofjuve nile timidity. It raps. It stops th clock. It moves maps and rustles papers. Being specially requested to appear, it became visible in 's light of peesliar bluislh colour." Committees appointed to investigate are divided in opinion, and make majority and minority reports. The former contemptuously regard the matler as a delusion. But themes a third com mittee- mau who inclines to the supernatural side of the question. Seven persons have watched all night in the building, and have heard and seen enough to scare them out of their wits. Meanwhile the City Marshal, who has been investigating in a quiet way, will soon give us a common-senase explanation of the matter, and we trust will calm the Itewburyport pear turbatiens. Number Four is an electrical and telegraphic ghost, in Dubuque, Iowa. A young msna, intending to go into the business of telegraphing, purchased a pair of repeating iastrumente with batteries and other apparatus, which he set up with a connecting wire in Isis room. To his great astoeishment the instruments began to work of their own accord, "with a systematic and vhythmicadonne about the clicks of the armature analogous to those heard in the ordinary telegraph offioe." The ghost operated very quiekly, but being requested to be a little slower in its communication it kindly complied ; and it was round that the clicks spelled "Edward Keats, of Balti more." For many succeeding days the instruments hare continued to work without contect. A printing machine was procured, and the ghost announced, in Roman letters, that he was " Edward Keats, of Balti more, an operator on the National line." He has since telegraphed a number of" communications which cannot with propriety he given to thle public ;" and it turns out that he is assisted by a female shade, named "Ettie Baker, late daughter of Judge Baker, of Gcnera, Ill." We are liring in an extraordinary time. The ghosts that squeaked and gibbered in the Roman streets wers nothing to these modern wonders. The fact is, then are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of is our philosophy. Bless the memory of Shah. speare, for transmitting to us the easy solution of every possible mystery I 