THE WAIKATO.— THE ATTEMPT TO MURDER MR. MACKAY. ALEXANDRA, Friday, 5 p.m. Mr. Mackay, junr., states, in relation to the attempt to murder him, that on the previous nisrht he retired to rest between eight and nine o'clock. He was asleep, when Hoti, Tana, and Tu Tawhiai came into his tent, bv which he was awakened. The whole of them then conversed for about an hour. They left his tent, when he went off to sleep. He awoke at six o'clock, or thereabouts, the following morning, boon after he heard fpotsteps, and saw the legs of a Maori inside. He also saw part of a wahangohi in the r Maori's hand. The man advanced towards him and lifted his weapon, he then aimed a Jtfow. Mr. Mackay caught the point of it in liis hand by which the blow, which would have stunned him, or probably have killed him, was diverted. After a struggle, Mr. Mackay received a severe wound in the temple, and one of two inches long on the left side of the head. The Maori succeeded in aiming a second blow, which was averted by Mackay seizing the wahangohi and holding it with all his strength, calling out for help at the same time. Finding Macka/s strength too great the Maori attempted to stab hint in the stomach, at the same time catching him by the hair, and making a strong cffcct to throw him on the ground. At this juncture Rewi aud several Maoris rushed into the tent and secured tho native. He was taken to Manuhiri. Rewi helped Mackay to wash the blood from his face and head, when he took him down to his place. Rewi expressed himself in earnest terms as being very angry. He said that if he wanted to kill people he would not do it in so sneaking a way, but in fair open fight. R«wi, turning to his tribe, said : "This is not murdering the pokeha ; it is murdering Tawhiao, Manuhiri, and myself." Mackay maintained his presence of mind from the instant he saw the Maori, and divined his murderous intentions. Had he not been at once cool and brave, he would have been a dead man. Many of the Maoris will now look upon Mackay as tapu— WEEKLY HERALD, May 10. DEFENDING A MOTHER. — The Manchester Examiner reports a case heard by the magistrates at Duukinfield. A charge of assault was preferred by a farmer's wife, named Agnes Anne Bardsley, against another farmer's wife named Jane Robinson. The evidence went to show that the defendant seized Mrs. Bardsley by the hair of her head, beat her with her fist, knocked her down, and kicked her. The poor woman cried out murder, when her little daughter, under 8 years of ago. seized a poker which had just been taken out of the fire, and rushing at the defendant, struck her three times with it. The defendant, in seizing hold of the poker, burnt her hands terribly, and she then knocked the child down more than once. The child gave her evidence with tears in her eyes, as she said, " I took the poker when I heard mamma call out 4 Murder.'" The Chairman (Mr. T. Harrison) said the little girl heard her mother scream,and seeing the position in which she was the girl was perfectly justified ; in fact, the magistrate quite admired the conduct of the little thing in rushing out with the poker, red-hot though it might be, to defend her mother, who she feared was being murdered. THE LAST GHOST STORY.—The Forbes Times relates the following story of a stump :—"Not a hundred miles from Forbes a lady had recently lost her husband by death, and after the first ebullitions of grief were over, set to work to arrange the business affairs of her deceased partner. The absence of some letters which were supposed to exist caused her considerable anxiety; high and low they were sought for but all in vain, until at last the disconsolate and anxious widow was thunderstruck by the consciousness that the departed one was at her side. Seeing the cause of her perplexity, and conscious of hi powjr> put things to right, he led his 'erstwhile wifgpKa stump at the rear of the promises ; pu in his haud, and drawing out the missing letters * handed them to her- In the exuberance of her new-fledged joy she began to be demonstrative, but she was reminded in sepulchral tones that prying eyes and ears were observant of the interview, and seeing that she had the letters safe, he departed whence he came." 