A Yankee Ghost Story. THE Merrimac Visitor says:—In "Newbu port we have a school-house that the school committee have been forced to advertise as closed 'to visitors. because curious crowds waited within and without, to see the mysterious form of a ghost boy, who has been trotting around there for more than a year, seen freqwentlv by the school teacher—who is not a spiritualist—and by most of the whole fifty pupils, who are too young (primary scholars) to mystify and deceive the people. The sehool-house is a one story building tbat would be the last place in town for a spirit from any'happy abode to wish to renew his childhood in. There is an entry to the buildiug, where is a flight of stairs to the attic, and a window looking into the school-room. The teacher's desk brought her back to that window, where the pupils told her a strange boy was playing his tricks, sometimes putting his head up to the glass and other times looking in. T'hejr described him, and when seen he has always been the same in dress and appearance." To verify statements, she changed her seat to face the window,and by and bye the face appeared— Jack Frost upon the window-pane. Not doubting but that it was really a boy, she too k her ruler, an emblem of her authority, made for the entry, and there she found hirn standing quietly in the corner—one of the prettiest faces she had ever seen, with a smile on his beautiful lips and needing a kiss more than a blow. His body dressed in neat white clothes, bore the appearance of one just past his first decade of years. His hair was almost white, a little tow head ; his'face was pale as death, and his eyes a sweet blue. His face was older than his years, and he had theappearanceof wisdombeyond his age. She advanced to him, and he dodged to the attic stairs. She followed—is now near enough to take hold of him-reached for him,but hois not there. He seemed to sink through the stairs, and when she would grasp his person her hand struck the floor. He was gone. Now" we have a veritable ghost—what is to be done ? The police thought they could capture him. They arrested a lad as the author of all this commotion—the town through ; -and he had his choice to confess or take his chance for the reform school. Tlie boy partially confessed-; but he was not punished, because his teacher and all the pupils and his parents knew that he was not the strange boy that looked in at the window; and the face continued to re-appear when he was awav. Next a carpenter was sent to nail up the passage to the attic, but if ove laughs at locks much more do ghosts. he little tow-head even made more noise ' i than before. He turned the attic into a carpenter's shop, and there he sawed and pounded and nailed ; and, as if to demonstrate the futility of human force to shu 1 him out, he put his head down through the ventilator and took a survey of the school. Some of the children have been frightened, and one day one of them fainted but few of them are excited about it. The teacherbae spoken to him, and he only laughed from his happy face. The children looked at him, whom not one of them ever "saw before, aad he returns their glances with love in his soft, mild eyes; but as yet be has not told us who he is, whence he came, or what his mission. This comes nearest to a real ghost—a daylight ghost—of anything we havo had in this city for years.— Neto YorTe Times. 