Death of an Irish Smuggler* JN Scrihier s there is the following -graphic description, by Mr. Froude, of the dvalh of a famous Irish Smuggler of the eighteenth • century — It was a strange place, clnse to the sea. •amidst the rocks and 'bogs and litter desolation-. Near it stood the wreck of a roofless church, and the yet o ! depruin'of some Danish pirate's newt. The shadowy form of the /brigantine was visible through the grey she< t of falling rain, at anchor in the harbor, and 'from the rocksin the entrance came the moaning of the Atlantic swell. % Morty, looking for no visitors on such a night, had neglected to post sentinels. The house was surrounded, and the wolf was trapped. The dogs inside were the first to take alarm. A 'violent barking was heard, and then suddenly the door wasthrown open, Morly appeared in his tfhirfc, 8red a blunderbuss at the men who were nearest him, and -retired. A volley of arms followed from the windows and slits in the wall. One^oldier was killed and three others wounded. The strictest orders had been given to take Morty alive if possible, and the fire was not at first returned. The house was evidently full of men : eighteen-of them bolted, one after another, in the hope •of drawing the troops into pursuit. Each, however was caught and examined, and,when found not to be the man whom ~the party •canie in search of, was let go. At last there were but five left in the house. Morty saw his time was come. He did not choose to be taken, and determined to die like a man. He sent out his wife and child,who were with him, with a request that their lives might be spared^ The officer in command received them kindly, a?id gave them such protection as he could. Morty himself refused to surrender ; it was determined to set fire to the thatch, ard wild fire was thrust under the •eaves. The straw was sosiked with wet, and Jong refused to catch. At last it blazed-upthe flames seized the dry rafters; the roof fell in-, and an idst the burning ruins, Morty and his four companions were seen standing at bay, blunderbuss in hand. He was evidently desperate, and to save life it was necessary to shoot him. The soldiers fired: Morty fell with a ball through his heart. Two of his companions fell at his side the •other two were taken, the same two, it so happened, who had been Mortv's companions at the murder of Puxley. One of them, little John Sullivan he was called, was perhaps Morty's kinsman ; the name of the other was Daniel Connell. The barony of Iveragh and Darrynane Abbey, where the Connell's or O'Cotmell's, of later celebrity, •bad already e^ablished themselves, was but seven miles across ihe water; and it is thus possible, and even probable, that Daniel "Connell, who had assisted in Puxley* s murder, and escaped the bullets at Clernderry, was a scion of the-same family which, in the next generation, produced the Liberator. The weather making it impossible to carry off the briganiino, she was sunk, when daylight came, at her anchorage. The ; fire was extinguished ; the-ruins of the bouse were •searched, and Morty's account books (he was punctual as Dirk Hatteraick himselfin his money transactions), his bflls, notes and papers were found uninjured.. Among them were found letters from tnany persons of •consequence in the country, showing that they were accomplices in the assassination of the revenue officers. Twenty ankers of tnandy and a few chests of tea had been destroyed by the fire. Morty^s body was carried to Cork. His head mouldered upon a spike over the gate -of the South jail. The rest of him was buried in the battery. The prisoners can be traced only to the jail ; there is MO mention that either oft hem was hanged, but of their further fate the records are silent. So ended one of the last heroes of Irish io.agination, on whose character the historian, who considers that he and such as he were the natural outgrowth of the legislation to which it was thought wise and just to submit his country, will not commeit uncharitably. Tie had qualities which, had Ireland beeu uubly governed, might perhaps have reconciled him to its rulers, and opened for him an honorable and illustrious career. At worst he might have continued to serve with his sword a Catholic sovereign, and might have paved his way with it to rank and distinction. He was tempted home by the opportunities of anarchy and the hopes of revenge. In his own adventurous way, he levied war to the last against the men and the system under which Ireland was oppressed. When he fell, he fell with a courage which made his crime forgotten, and the ghost of his name still hovers about the wild shores of the Keumare river, of which he was so long the terror and the pride. 