NOTES FROM MY JOURNAL. BY LIONEL HARDING. Come to a gossip's feast, And come with me.—SHAKESPEARE. I SAW him sitting on a log of wood, a short clay pipe was in his mouth, his hat was on the ground, round his head was a cotton handkerchief of gaudy colours, dirty and ragged, his eyes were bloodshot, and his hair matted. "Minus this six weeks of a brush and comb." His appearance was spectral in the ex- treme; he looked like Webber's famous picture of Lazarus nelwy risen from the grave. I came upon him unexpectedly as I lounged from Moonta on my way to the Paramatta Mine last Saturday. I recognised him in a moment. I first made his acquaintance some months ago in Kadina, and if my memory serves me he was on the sea beach, that Sunday afternoon when my friend Assheton drove me from Moonta to breathe the pure ocean air at Port Hughes. There are some men whose faces when once seen are never to be forgotten—they strike upon the bump of memory with an awful concussion, they live with you, aud you often see them in your dreams—in a crowd of unrecognised faces, no matter whether five hundred or five thousand, you know them in a moment —they haunt you by night and by day, and this dilapidated specimen of humanity sitting on the log of wood close to the Paramatta Mine has haunted me for many a day. '' Avaunt, and quit my sight, Thine eyes are marrowless, Thy blood is cold, Thou hast no speculation In those eyes that thou dost Glare with." I was so taken aback by his sudden appearance. " Like a ghost now risen from the grave " that I merely gave the formal English salutation—" Good morning, Sir," and passed on. "Stop !" said he. His voice sounded like a fiddle without a bridge and only two strings, a most drunken diabolical voice. "Stop, good lad," said he. I was mollified by the expression "good lad," and so I came back and sat by his side on the log. " You know me," said he. I think I have met you in this district before. Will you answer me a plain question ? " I expressed my willingness to answer any question he might put to me. He took up his battered old hat, brushed it, put it on, and said—"My dear sir, you may not know it, but the whole world is against me, my friends are against me, the people of Moonta and Kadina are against me, and the Mayor and Corporation are against me." Then in a voice of thunder he asked me " What did I think of that.?"' I told him I didn't know what to think of it. " You have a future before you," said he a bright and brilliant one; the gay butterflies of fashion and beauty will buzz their fulsome flattery in your ear, and as long as you have money iu your pocket and spend it like a Briton you'll never want a friend in these colonies." " I have had experience of colonial life,' said I. "I know how heartless the world is, or rather those living in the world, but I have found more friends among the working men in these colonies than I ever found at home." He laughed a graveyard laugh—an awful laugh, and after a moment's pause, he placed his dirty pipe in a confidential maimer in my hand. "Good lad, you have got a knife and tobacco, fill my pipe for me." I filled it. "Have you got a match?" It so happened that I had not a match, and I told him so. The same laugh—the same ghastly graveyard laugh. " No match, no friend, nothing but scorn and contempt; a wanderer, an outcast, a broken-hearted man." He got up from the log and threw his pipe into the sand and stamped upon it with his foot. Then he took me by the hand and shook it warmly. " You are not proud ?" said he. " Not a bit," said I. " Can you construe Latin ?" It was a peculiar time and place to talk about the classic poets and the dead languages. My companion on the log had me at an advantage, aud he had tact enough to hold his ground. "Can you construe Latin," he repeated, "or can't you?—say yes or no." I said " Yes !" He slapped me on the back, and his whole countenance lighted up. " I'm glad of it," he exclauned ; " you and I can talk with the great oues of old—we can hold converse with the dead." I told him that I preferred the society of the living, and would postpone any conversation with the defunct until absolutely compelled to associate with them in the other world. '' Or rather say until you are compelled to sail down that Thesprotian river following into the Bay of Ambracia, and from the the dread appearance of its waters called Acheron. Its god was a son of Ceres, who concealed himself in hell for fear of the Titians. where he was changed into a bitter stream, over which the souls of the dead are first conveyed. Peculiar ideas, very poetical, but out of date now, quite out of date, and more's the pity." He said this with the air of a man who has received some great affront. Society and the spread of civilisation had crushed the Roman aud Greek mythology—the old gods were at a discount, and nothing of their lives and histories was cared for in this youug (sic) land. We walked back together into the Township. At the first hotel we came to (Beaglehole's) he pulled up, and remarked that dust had a tendency to create thirst. " Alcidamas, the philosopher and orator," said he, " could never endure dust; and Epeus, son of Endymion, drank three gallons of nectar brought to him by the fair hands of Sortensus every morning before breakfast." Happy Epeus, to be thus waited on! Still more happy in the knowledge that old Dionysius thy uncle paid thy grog score ! We went into the hotel. He called for a pint of ale. "I'll soon polish this off," said he. Diavolo, it was "polished" in a twinkling " Will you replenish?" said I. He took me on one side and whispered, " At your hotel; not two pints running at the same house : it looks had." He winked his eye at a highly-respectable young man behind the bar, and we went out into the street. * * * * * It is an old saying—and a true one—that adversity makes us acquainted with strange bed-fellows. I know that in a long, long period speut in travelling I never met with a stranger character than my friend on the log. His last words to me on Saturday were, " We shall meet again." I replied in the words of the noble Roman, 'Yes, on the plains of Philippi' And so we parted. 