THE SIM IUT1STK\OUTDONJO. : Tho London coiToapondunt of the Bir mingham 1 'ast writes : — " II' nny devout Spiritists prcvuil.iu tlio Midlands, tlioy should initlco ft piigrimiwe nt once to tho Crystal Piilucc nt Sydonhiim. .Micro aro two inodiums there, Sir. Mnskolcnc and Mr. Cooko, 'who havo great qualifications for nstoumiing them. Tlie.v greatly surpass tho ihivcnport Urotliors. They make tables dance, walking sticks converse, wreaths of llou'ers-toilriiil tliTiiUglrHie air— not in the .dark soatiee, but in the oncn dnylight. _ The: audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding each others hands like so many — - idiots, but with powerful oponi glasses in their hands, are invited on tho stage, and sit there during tho performance—1 manifesta tions' I ought to say. A cabinet is placed, before the audience, elevated so that persona enn see uhdor it, and over it, and on both Bides of it, aud incredulous nnditors are por- milled on the stage, who can watch bohind it.. The floor bolow is covered with a. carpet, which rondel's the use of a trap-door im possible, ami thero are no possible means by" wlu'ob persons placed in the box could escape, frouv-it without observation, yet a man outers the box' bis legs aro locked in heavy wooden stocks ; when tho door is opened the 1111111 is gone and no one can conceive in ivhaf way he has disappeared. Ho returns to his box in tiie garb of a gorilla manifesting Satauie proclivities. lie sueeoods in dragging into his cabinet otio King Bill, a butchor, and both, gorilla and butcher are gone whoit tho door is again opened ; and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on tho stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the body of tho meeting, yot neither could discover how tlio disappearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate tho butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both ate each other;' no one was able to say or to suggest in what possible manner they 'could have disappeared. TheMaskeleno and Cooke spirits oxcol all others that have ever troubled the world before. TheLav en- port Brothers wcro always 1'ouUd in their enbinot. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they nover could got away. But theso spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of tho world, but now the children of this world hnve got tho .better of the -spirits. 3Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooko play Spiritists' prank9 which no Cock Jtttio ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in woudcr and adoration. Tivo centuries ago, tlio end.of. Mcssrs. Maskelono aud Cooko would have boon lire and faggot." 