JACK PUGH'S LEGACY. 'PROM BBLOnA VIA. 1 CIIAPTER II.— rilB OLD MAN'S HEAD. . It was about a year after this — I had|married in the mean line, and had settled down in a house of my own— that. I recoivod puo morning a lettor ' from my friend B.tkor. who's in tho City, " D.ar Ned, "it began, "there never was a time when monoy was so ridiculously cheap as it Is nov, or when your faithful friend found it more difficult to ECt. - Cohbv8Dokfl to mn-llln- Alhnr .day: 'Haven't you a friind living . near Dol- molyn ? Is ho -a. good nus?' I told him you were the best-regulated follow I ever knew' 'Then,' be said, '.I wish you'd write to him arid ask him if ho knows anvthin? nh-mt alatn' 'T nocdn't write/ 1 sail ; ' my friond is always look ing after slates — reason why, lo comploto his own set, I should judge, having ono or two missing.' '.Then,' said Conby, 'oak him to run over and look at the Djlbrith quarry. We're thinking of buying it and starting a company, only wo don't fcolquitosureofour mon. I've not timo to go myself.' Now, it struck mo this was a j .b yon d ' like, and whi'e yon'ro about it you might just as well do somothing for joursolf and mo. Any thing will go down jmt now— tin, load, gold, sih' ver, erppoi. Wo only want a good prospect as, and 1'vo justioecn thinking tou'H look uncom- moiily well in a list of dire: tors ; E (ward G Iwards, of Djddledoldumdyddlo, Esq., J. P. — i\\-o you J.T ?— well, it don't mattor ; it will do ior judgmatical party, an) how— Managing Direc tor, eh 1 Prospsct I prospect ! And sond ui up a cartl wd rf stones— wdi-specklcd qacs— as a sample of tho oro. If you moot wi'h a compact Jittle farm" with agoad vein of anything oi it, hiy it up fpr- iho»company. Remember, unlimited capital at bur back ; and, by the way, if von have a spare fiver, yon might as well lend it us," Afy wife, who was reading my loiter over my shoulder — it's a bad plan that, mind you ; jolly enough iu the first bloom of unlimited affection, only tako my advice, don't begin it ; tSfft's a dimsultv in breaking it off— my wifo exclaimed, when sue came to that part of it, "You'll not lond it him. Nod ? You'll nevor got it back 8?.''.' " O-yes, I shall; Baker.nbver lets-in bis mends. "And you- won't go into those speculations? they'ro so dangoroas." "There's no harm ib looking abont anyhow," I said. And with -that I put ou my boo's, took down my fiiLing rod, and atrollod away to tho rivor, to see if I couldn't rise a trout or two. But I tried ail my- favorite holes » ithont success— there wasn't a fiu moving ; and by and by, when I came to the long wooden p'ank which, supported on piles of great stones, forms a tremulous and uncertain bridge over the river — it is moored by a stou'. chain to the bole « f a Irco that ovorhangs the bank, and in iliod-times it (Lata away from its pitrs and hangs safoly among tho bushes by tho river brink— when I c imo to the plauk, I sat down and bogan to thic.k. 'l'is a lovely spot. rnroo vaueys cieuoucn upon it ; ono with rough ragged sides, a narrow stern ravine ; another wido and fertile, with rich pastures by tho river's marge, and wooded sloping biuks, over which jnst peep tho rude crests of seared primeval hills ; and these two valleys uniting ewcoo down to the sea, onvironod by tiors of soft bluo moun tains. Wrll, I sat thero and began to think, and sat 89 still that the water-hen didn't i eo mo as she came sailing down the stream ; nor |tho rat, as ho sus piciously cruised along by the bank ; nor the Balky old salmon in the big pool above, who, for want of something better to do, took himaelf by Lead ana tail and flipped himself high inti the air, coming down with a thundering splash that Btartled the sleok rat into bis hole, and set the squirrel overhead chattering in peevi,h com plaint. And with that 1 roared from my reverie, and pnt my hand in my coat packet to feel for Baker's letter. I woro the shooting-coat with tho big pockets that 1'dlworn at Tom's din ner-party a year ago, and mv hand touched some thing hard in tho corner of the pocket. It was old Pugli's legacy, tho aquar: slab of slate. Aftor all, if this bit of slate wero of good quality, and there was anything to show where it was got, it might bo worth looking aftr. It was a good, firm, cloBe-grained piece of slate, and it had npon it soma figures, rudely but deeply carved. Let me see, thero was tbo face of a man, tho noso very prominent, the tongue sticking out of tho mouth ; behind the f tco there was a circle of stars or croises, and from one of tho crosses an arrow. Thi3 was on one side of tho slab ; on tho other was a confused group of waved lines and dots, of which I could make nothing. "Well," I heard a voice behind me sav. " I never seen anything bo beautiful as that! If ibis ain't wuth coming all these tnilos to seo ! I ain't seen nothing like this in all Wales. Why, there 'tis, tho very thing! the nose, the month, tho bi'v everything — just for all the world like my poor oi l father ! Look at that, gals ! Ain't it wu'h a' I tho waterfalls and crags and nasty rough places you thinks so much about?"' "0, pa, it's very curious ; and all that—' " " Curious ! It'd tho naturalness of tho thing. To think it should be the very likeness cf my poor old father! Well, I am pleased ! " I looked up, and saw that a party of tourists were standing by the bank of the river admiring tbo viow, and one particular hill which, just reen over tho wooded banks, resembled the profile of an old man's face. Tho father was a stout E ist Anglican farmer; tbo daughters woro nicolook- ing girls of the usual typo. " What, ski tching, sir ! ' ctio I the man gold humorcdly, whoa bo spied mo in my noak. " Ab, if you'd sketch that there meuutain that's so like my poor father \t Why, what, you'vo got him, sir, thero, I loo ! " he crio'l, lookiog over my thoulder; " and cot-out ou a slate too ! Look here, gals; I call that a sensible way of taking picturs wont rub cut or notaiug " lloally, when looked at it cl sely, tho face that was scratched on tie ela'e wan tho vary model of the ono the storms and frosts had chnollcd on the moun tain's ridge. CHAPTER in. — COCK CROW BEFORE DAWR. )Ve droyo over to tho Dolbrith qoirry next day, my wife and I. The said quarry consisted as yjt only of asmall holo about six feet square, driven a few yards into tho rock. However, Lhflie were prosp?cl8, hounded only by tbo limits of human imagination. Thero was alato, no doubt ; and after yoa had pulled off tho top of the. mountain and sunk a few hundred thou sand pounds, you might possibly find that it was worth the getting. S .ill, it was a decidedly gouuino affair, anu quite gooi ot.ough for City moi o d-ibblo in. We dinded wi h CapUiia Tarry, an old friend, living near tho quarry ; an 1 sb we know that tl e moon was at hor f .It, wo didu'c hurry away. It was about elevon o'clock when wo reached Dolydd. (Tho name if Dyddletloldu-udjddie, which Bakor bad affixed te my residence, was a mere vnlgar j ko.) My mao, wh> didn't sleep in the house, had given us up for the night and gono homo; sol had to look afier the horse my self. That didn't Iroublo me, however ; we had driven quietly hamo, and ho was quite crol, and- if I'm to act as groom, let mq have -the bedding- np for my share of the work. Tho dim half light, the yo'.low rustling straw, tin fragrant smellirg hiy, tho comfortable champing of ihe horse orer his corn, give ono a sense of rest and peace that is qui o pleasant in thoso rasping days. Well, I'd dooo him up, and pat every thing tidy, and rat down on tho ci:n-:host to smoke a pipe and witch him feed : I'd been mud dling about for an hour or so, and as I sat thero smoking, I heard the c'ock of tho church, which was over the river, about half a-raile fromDolydd, striKo ont tho hour, twelve. There was a pro found stillness over everything, broken only by the rattlo and gurgle of tho little spring that flowed from a rude natural arch closo by— that, and the methodical champing of tho horeo orer his corn. Delodd was a solitory placo ; there w<-s na house nearer than ha'fa mile ; tho river ran in front ; behind, tho mountain stretched np into dim cloud-land; I could reach its summit viib- out passing a human habitation; or meeting n single human being. Tap, ' tap, tap, top, tap I I hoard a_ series of sharp knocks as of some one hammering olose by.,— in the coach-hou e, indcid, which adjoined tho stable. What or, earth could it be? Tbo horse stop- pou uiuuvuiugj ttuu BwuvU wlriU uTOQ(Kl nCGtC ana- distended nostrils, with reverted cyos, showing the whites of them, his ears prickod forward, ana quivering all. over. My : big retriover, Rovor, who was sharp enough goncrally, and used to bark furiously en tho slightest provocation, gav: a yelp of terror, and hidhim'olf in tho s'raw under the manger. Tp, tap, tap ! riill the noiso wanton — a mo it uncamao found. It migh'. bean elf at woik, pickiig taimiclf an outlet through tho rocks, li might be somo ghost'y c ffia- maker hammering <>ut a fai y kist for mir.o jet liviag soul. It might bo some voxod demon of the mine working his way with his pori led trea sure still futh' r in o the bowls of ino earth. It might bo any of these : but it c >uld hardly be that any human bandv wielded tho hunuier that rang oat thero blows into the toloain silent aight. Aly hoart made great thumps against my ribs ai I roio and. threw open tho ouch houto door. I'iia uoiso h id s'opped : there was nothing to bo soon, and yet 1 half fancied that aming-t the funtag'ic sV- dows the moonlight throw upon tho walls— I halt> thought, I si y— I disc mod the outline of a little old man storing like one who breaks a' ones by tbo road, with hU hammer up lifted to striko. I went back -to tho stable, and sat down again. Tap, tap, tap, tap ! once more tho sound be gan. Again I lose, took the Btablo lantern, and went one to search. Bat the lantern, throwing its flickering light among the quivering shadows of tho trees, and dancing in tho q-.ick rpaiklcs of the bubb'iog spring, flished its hoami at tho vory eyes of Mas'er Chanticleer, who, sitting oosily slumbering, pillowed-up by bis two most buxom wires, roused at the sight, and, thinking the sun was liiing. ftrolch-dh'm elf on his perch and crowed luitily. Tho tapping coarod all of a sudden, fora cck crow is lilco a wet blankit to a fairy ; ai d I heard, or thought I did, a lew mournful cry and a sigh, that might havo been tho wind soughing among tho trees. No, thero was nothing in the catch house to acount for the knocking. I was a littlo unnerved by what I had head ; and after I had locked up tho etahlo I took a fow turns on tho torraoi in front of tho bouse to ctmpose my- solf. Thestroim bubbled and sang ; a dog in the villago barked ; thero was a lamb bloating plaintively on tho bill-side ; and lia'ening to theso Bounds I hoard, or thought I heard, too, a faint tap, tap, tapping, liko an ocho from the far-off hills. It touoded almost liko a c II ti mo, an invita ion I could harily resist. I turnod away with ashudd'.r, and wmtioto tho honso,and into my own room, whom, as I lay awake listen ing toibobubblo if tho s r am, I 'hougbt, too, I could distinguish still tho 'an, tap, tapping of the fairy hammer. And it said, Co no, como, oimo ! Ba. I put my Load under the bofclolbcs and wouldn't listen to it ; and prcsont'y I heard a great downpour of rein, which blotted out all Other tonnds and sent m9 eff into a round sic p CHAirER IV.— A REVEXAS.", Next mitniog ihe sua was shining brightly, . and everything looked so gay and sparkling that I forgot all abont my megrims of the night be fore. As soon as I was up, I wont ronnd to the stable. David, tho inrm, wasbissiog and splat tering over tbo horse, who, tied to a staple by the coach-house door, s'otd with bis legs stretched out, and 1 is head twisted round, trying to see what David was about, grinning at him, and mak ing little futilo bites at bim every now and then, whenever he came to a ticklish corner. " David," I cried, " why did you go homo last night without waiting to takethohors-.-?" "Well, indeed, sir, "said David, standing with the hone's tail and the cuny- cimb aad brash in his left hand, whilst bo wiped his month with the back of his right, "I did givo up up, master." "And what business bad you to give nre up ? ' "Well, mistor, if pooplo do not c me home by eleven o'clock, it do not lo k roipe. table. 8> I very mre yon not come back last night. Yah, turn I" " That won't do, David ; yju vo many a timo eat up a good deal lator for me at 'bo old s tables." " Yab, said D»vid ; "at tho old stables, net here." " Well, don't let me catch yon at t again, that's a'l, David. Auothor tin o. if y u go homo before I'm back, joucaa tor.p tboro." " Do not be angry, master," raid Davir. ' I do not mind the sitting np for yon ; no, net one bit, not if you'll have anotl er stable, 'i'hia vory bad for the hone; very bad. S<o his roat, mas'er ; I can't get him rmioth whatever I ' " That's bo- cause you don't put tnicgb-gre- so on, Bavid. The stab.'o'a well cningn." " Well, then, master," said David gloomily, "I c:-n't stop." " Vtry well,"' I said ; but I was v> x ;cl too ; for David was a good useful feriow, and I thought had been rather attachtd to my sorvico. " If yen pleaso, mar tor, I want to fp ak to yon," cried David, Mfoving mo as I walked towards tho funt if tho Ik-hbo. "Mas'er, I raw John I'ugh Ia-t night; Jjhn with tho crooked leg, ni as lor ! ' " Nome ise !" I said. " I tell you how it happened, m i; tor. I wiutcd a bucket tf water in a burry ; and tho rpring ran very slow, master, and I loik H o hu l:ct ard walk.d acrois tho " " Wh-re I've of en bid you not t; go. ' " Yes, msstor. Well, iod ed, as I went past tho dining room window, I tsw some body standing tbef, 'oiking out ; au l I said to myself, "There's m.i crcome back, snro and I thought you beckoned inc. Ij'u-, mister, it wasn't you ; it was John. I tell von ! Yes, masUr, in. very d od it was, I'm co. ti<n snro. Yis, indeed ! Aad I was frightened, and went homo." " Rubbish I'1 f raid. " You saw yonr own face in the g!a«. What shculd John Pugh want here ?' " Why. he liverl here oace, mast- r. Ho Jived hero once » ith Mr. Wetlon, tbo Kagiish- man; bo was Iris cl-rk, vf.u Kr.o-v, and n-rvant. too; and that's fifteen yean ago now." "David," said I, '"if I bear yon telling such foolish Btoriee in the house, I'll— I'll make a mammy of yoa." I'.Yqs, master; but it's true all the 'sauie, and I thought ptrhips John bad kfc somothing be hind him, and had come back to lo>k for it," I was rather disturbed by tbii story. N«t that I cored muck about the tbiog mytolf, though I confo s to a modicum of superstition ; but I didn't want tho honso to git a bad ramo. And thero was another reison too. But I felt as if I shiuld like to know tho whole histoiy of tho home, and Jjhn i'ugh 'a connection with it ; and I there bro went out aftor broikfost to have a chat with my fricud Tom, the littlo doctor. When Tom hoard what I wanted be looked ratbor q»o r. Thero was no stuy that bo knew of about D-dydd. WIiav hail 1 bten t. Id about it? Then I tcld him of-tbo myst-rious knocking I had heard, and of the frigh; David had takon. S-.ill he vo«cd he knew no bing abont it ; and ns for John's coming btck again afier tho beautiful fnnpral he'd h.-id, why it would be a piece of bla<k ingratitude, too great oven for that des tructive scoundrel ; for Tom had never forgiven him the Sunday tma b. Somo days passed, and I had almost forgotten all about our ghostly experiences, when a pony- carringc, driven by a lady in black, drew up at tbo door. My \ritc, who was busy making some pies iu the kitchen, bolted upstairs in a tremend ous hurry to'don hor compauy skirt; nnd I .sneaked off to tho stable, hoping that I should escape detection and avoid entering an appear- anco. But prcrcnt'y I hrard ono of tho maids trip ping out at the back. " David," she cried, 'David, bach, havo yon seou master?" "No, indeed," said Divid ; " I think he's gone a- fish ing." And here I #aa compollcd to reveal my self.. I hate anything snoasing; and though David and Susan weren't paid their wages to be kissing and Bwoolboarting abont in my stable- yard, yot I didn't w ith to como to any knowledge of their tiff lira in aii undorhand kind of way : so 1 erieu, nnum i After which there v as a dead silence, and then a . ray id rustling r f akirs Hying towards the house. As I walked towards tho back door whistling, I mot Sosan again, as drmuro as a moose. " Pleare, sir, a lady." " Where's your mistrciB?" " 0, sho don't want to sco missus ; sho wants you. sir and sho cavo mo a card. "Mrs Walter Weston." Lucy met me in tho hall, and sbe was in eamo thing of a Luff " N»il, arc yi.u g ing lo seo tbia person? alone t »r> I I wouldn't, if I woro you. What cm sho have to say toyou lliat yonr wif is not privileged to hear?" At this print Lucy i-ioked about six foot ten inches high. " But," I said, " perhaps it's about a mine. "Ab/'said Lucy with a bitter sigh, as sho saw I bad deter mined to sco tho lady — "ab, a mine, indeed !— and so soon !" (To be continued.) 