I GOVETT'S LEAP IN A STORM E A SLEE ,;" F1,0 NATURE. A "J.,...,. J". *~t ITi." ""'- id suiishuiL'-sruilos : A Burne, day of storm a N E S A time when even it seems 1. J J jj. Is seen by anyone passion got. ,, J. Warring for mastery in her room. . . "seats" "in Undaunted by earth's thin YlíT"Sf Slow wanders on upward, striving for. some point of vantage ground o'er elementary right. ... Nothing for miles but spare trees shivering., la In thinnest garb of leaves that scarce carnation The greyness of the leaden vault, when Lot "A sudden break reveals a scene sublime A mighty gorge with gently wooded slope Blue-green in mossy distance, velvet soft J. In rounded outline and moist- breathing.bloom ', Contrasting with the solid majesty ; Of crowning fortress lines that angry rise Above the valley, in defiance stern Outstanding strong with thousand feet of wall steel-framed, streaked with blackening lines of time; , ( A view majestic over ! Ay, but now E'en iiwo-conipelling in storm-grandour fierce, When o'er the ramparts black clouds of rowing broody Hiding each lofty summit in a gloom Of shrouding mists that hung in ouinbrousmassj Or. torn and jagged at the edges, sond White cloudlets straying to the vale bonoatrU A constant change snow motionless and dark The vaporous volumes rest upon the heights, Then sudden sweep down in some glon-voccss Dividing there are down, fragments white Thiitsleop awhile upon the mountain's brow, Then, restless, swiftly upward climb, as if in haste to join the mother cloud above The gazer watches. Ah, one moment now The quenchless sun, resuming power, strives To pierce the veil, just lights the nearer slopes, And 'gainst the white streaks of the shower bank Throws up in black rebof a bastion Took With seasonal tower beneath. The gloom is gone A distant growl. A flash Then from after, Rolling resistless, sweep the thunder heaps From peak to peak till every towering height Is robed white with breeding cumulus, Throwing great arms into each Following gorge, Advancing, now silent, in suspended strength,' Then firing forth its roaring cannon With lightning fork that rounds the steaming pall As fortress answers fort in echoing range. The light is won The one- time glorious sound Of mount and vale is blotted out from view, Till naught is seen but one broad sheet of mist,' And on the brink of a great sea of foam, Like skeletons in ghastly humid air, The gaunt trees stand with white ants stretching werE But, no ! a wind arises, and once more The shroud lifts oil', rock-guardians glowed dark Amid the greyness, and from out the depths, As from some horrible informal fire, The smoking mists seethe up. Again the tower I And it cooled slopes are clear revealed, while bright With recent moisture reddening rocks glare forth. One instant, and the waterfall light gleams [ Against a background dark, Uko shimmering ghost. The sudden gleaming smile 'neath frowning brows Lo, sides but for a while, for turning down The vapours spread o'er all the scene once more A blue flash quivers through the grey, n crush, The falling storm returning, bursts as if To anger wrought by " cloud compelling Jove," Though fair its surging breast it now would colors And cease to strive in fierce electric are. But first its pent-up moisture it must vent In passion torrent of great dropping tears, Till all relieved by downward pouring rain Its-will is gained. Yet once more Nature's face iBhid by dim grey veil of blinding cloud, And then the sun overwhelms his watery foods As Heaven's blue eyes peep through the breaking gloom, The " broadlands " vanish, soft the landscape gloom With purple tints moist atmospheric hues, While wet rocks glittering in the sunlight soon Like laughing lips rejoicing, and the trees Are dianiond-kidon and with glistening drops. The storm has passed. Earth breathes in sweet peas, The lowering Crown has left the mountain's brow, In dream of blue the peaceful valley alone And world and sky in smiling beauty blond. ' ATTSTBAIiUI. Govett's Leap, March, 1873. 