? THE BOAD TO BJJLLL TO THB EDITOR OF THB SYDNEY MA.IX. Sik,— Seeing that the road to BuUi and the Ulawarra Dis trict has come into public notice, in connection with the scheme for a South Coast Railway, perhaps the following account of a journey ** in Search of me Picturesque,' made lately by a friend and myself, may, if considered worthy of insertion in your columns, be interesting to some of yoar readers. ' D. T. W.,'We8t Malfland. ! TO BUIAIVIA OEOBOB'S BITER. Wednesday morning broke over the dty cold and damp, ijjfi xsm etevly bat steadily failing, angonng but badly for our proposed excursion. To some natures, diaftppointmeats are among the moat difficult ills of life to bear, and so, despite the prospects of a thorough soaking and a moonless night, the prescribed hour, 6 p.m., saw us both at the rendezvous, the Dam at Cook's River. Certainly matters bore a slightly ? improved appearance ; Sydney had all day suffered from a continual downfall, but here we found the ground was hardly damp, and we hoped, on what logical grounds I know sot, but I suppose because when matters have become very bad it is usual to expect a change for the better, that as we proceeded south we should encounter finer weather. Leaving behind us Botany Bay, not at any time a pic turesque scene, but especially dreary on a raw damp day, we hurried along the Rocky Point Road as fast as our horses would carry us, having due regard to the length of our journey. Though thus rapidly passing along, several matters attracted our attention; the excellent state of tha road, very different to the prolongation of it towards Sans Souci ; the neat market gardens and cottages now and thea passed, and especially the graceful Gothic church, situated on a slight rise to the left of the road, suited from the symmetry and perfect taste of its style to occupy a less lowly sphere. At the half-way house the road turns towards the right, and striking along it, the village of Koggsrah, eleven miles from Sydney, was reached soon after sunset. Now and. then the dull monotony of the eucalypti scrub was relieved by a clearing, the beauty of which was much heightened by the sameness around. Now and then very pretty views are to be obtained, especially where, after passing the post-office, the road crosses a small gully, on the sides of which stand several cottages, whose snow-white walls, bright green gardens, and grey spirals of smoke ascending through the still evening air, formed a pleasing contrast to the sombre bush in tha back ground. Over the brow of the next hill and difficulties began. There seemed to be as many tracks as there had been travellers, so we knew not which to take. Happily we met an old man who informed us that subsequently all the paths became one, and that the river was about half a mile distant. This was cheering news as 'twas now dusk, so wo §ushed on as fast as possible through the heavy sand, laving traversed more than the distance named, we kept a sharp look for the river, and met a body of woodcutters, from whom we learnt that the road we were on was the right one for the punt, which was a mile and a half away. Well, thought we, at this rate of retrogressive progres sion we shall never reach our destination ; but still, having no time to lose, we hurried on, till the road seemed to end — nowhere. Doubting this, we ascended a slight rise in front, and found George's River spread out before us, and the puntman engaged in fastening out the punt a few yards from land. ? George's River here is a fine expanse of water, and un doubtedly were it possibly to dam it, a supply of fresh water, quite equal to any demands of the metropolis, might be obtained. But whether this be feasible or no, wiser heads must decide. Well was it for us that we arrived ere the puntman had reached his home on the southern shore of the river, for as it is here over half a mile wide, with a southerly wind we might have ' cooeyed ' in vain. As we crossed we could dimly discern that the river is in many parts much wider, me road to the crossing running along the crest of a peninsula, much resembling in shape and size Bradley's Head. The twenty minutes occupied in transit was well spent in gleaning from the puntman all the in formation he could furnish respecting our route. And his directions were afterwards found to be exact in every par ticular, and right useful were they. Wejwere to ascend the rise on which bis cottage is built, and, turning to the right, see in the distance a white gate which, having passed through on the hill above, a finger-post would be seen, directing to a track which should be followed through four more white gates, when a deserted house should be reached, and beyond it a natmral avenue; this passed, the first of a series of milestones wtaua be seen, and these folio wed would conduct us to Bulli. The distance, we were informed, was 30 miles ; we wen* also acquainted with the fact (cheering, should we get ftst) that there was not a human habitation through oat %? at distance. At flie very start we got astray. Strik ing ti^Jthe rise from the punt we found a wide wall-markoi road. After the -K-'»f accounts we had in Sydney re ceived ^ewere delighted at this discovery, especially a* the soflA of tfcelafii being of a white colour eiuUei us to proceed pretty rapidly. Suddenly to roaidivrfed— oue bnscji to the right, ftuotter totbelsft, bat&naa;* THE BULLI COAL MINING CO.'S JETTY, BULLI, ^sucli exact right angles on either side as I had waever seen, before. Choosing tbe right-hand path. \- as in the direction we wished to go, onward . we went, . but were soon obliged to proceed very cautiously to avoid the numerous half-burnt logs of timber that 'ever and anon obstructed ourpath, each log lying in the -eame direction as the road. This and other facts, together with the want of the white gates, aroused my suspicions ? that \ye were astray, when suddenly my comrade stopped, and dismounting, found that the road was nought but a fced of white ashes. The explanation of the remarkably '-straight road, of the sharp turn, and the position of the ifcurnt logs, instantly bunt into our minds— we had been traversing the line of a burnt ' cockatoo fence.' We at once retraced our steps to the beginning: of the : false road, and in accordance with our guide's instructions, {.-starting ia a westerly direction,' soon perceived through the darkness the first white gate— a sight ordinary enough, but now a delight to our eyes. . Through the gate and up the lull, and there, behold! was a finger-post, and in black letters on a white ground we read the cheering words, ' To Wollongong.' And here I would record our humble thanks to the person ? or persons unknown by whom this and numerous other posts * lave been erected. In fact, wherever there is a change in -direction, or the path becomes confused, or another road «ros6es, then is to be found the silent guide directing on the ?-one side ' To Wollongong,' on the other ' To Sydney.' We now found before us a tolerably good road, easily perceived though the thick clouds greatly obscured the : moon. Now and then glimpses of water might be perceived ?on the right ; and on the left lights were seen glimmering through the trees, probably from the cottages of the men -employed by the Hon. Thomas Holt in the management \- of his oyster-claires on Oawley Bay. And I have often \- since thought that travellers by this road have to thank that gentleman for the good state in which a great part -of it is. ' On account of the darkness which gradually grew more ' dense, nothing definite could be perceived beyond the direct line of route, but we appeared for the greater part of the time to be traversing the crests of thinly wooded ridges, with often a valley alongside. Sometimes we passed through heavy timber, and here great care was necessary, not that there was any difficulty in finding the road, but from 'numerous dead trees lying across it. The number : and position; of these induced us to examine several, and ?we found they had been felled, and, strange to 'Bay, ?? apparently so felled that they might obstruct the road. During this time we had. been rapidly pushing on, and ?one by one the eagerly looked-for gates had been sighted and passed, and now we closed the fifth behind us. Soon we saw ahead of us the road, apparently narrowed to a ' line of light, but before reaching it passed the old house and clearing of which Jwe had been told. The deep gloom ?of the place, Us distance from human abode, and the ruin ' ous weird appearance of the scene, together with the time and state of the night, at oncecalled into the mind thoughts ?of ghosts and goblins and darksome deeds, it seeming es pecially fitted for the scene of such a tale as that most .thrilling one of the ' The Ghastly Sawyers.' A novelist might choose for the scene of mysterious and lloody acts many a place less awesome than the deserted homestead of Bottle Forest. Our first glimpse of Bottle '. Forest convinced us of the appropriateness of the punt man's term. It is a splendid natural avenue. In the dim light the trees (swamp oak) appeared growing as regularly as though planted by man, and so thickly that not a ray of light could penetrate. For regularity and denseness it will ?J-e rarely surpassed. This forest we were told was twelve miles from the punt, and we now began to peer into the night in hopes of seeing the promised mile-stone, but none was visible; and we ^were expressing our opinion that the punt-man had been playing us a quiet joke, when a peculiar peg of wood about 18 inches high by the roadside took our notice, and there ?on we found inscribed in deep characters— 16. We had fcoth, before, heard of wooden milestones, and our merriment .-at finding wooden pears were not the only anomalies of this sunny land may be imagined. But though composed ?of a rather perishable material, they played their part well ; ;for so distinct were the characters! mat, ia most cases, tbe Jtoman numerals might be read without dismounting. The weather till thispoint was reached had been, except ing the lack of light, very pleasant— just cool enough to render the motion of trotting necessary to maintain an ?agreeable temperature ; but now we T-eganjto experience a -great increase of dampness, which boded ill for the re mainder of our journey. And eure enough the damp soon -condensed into a drizzle, and the drizzle into fine rain. A ?dense fog enveloped us, and rendered examining our road an impossibility ; often we crossed heaths treeless and barren, where the freshening wind and driving rain beat unmercifully in our faces. Long ere this we had adopted the usual savage mode of march on the score of safety, one riding ahead guided by . the lightrefflected from the sloppy path, now narrowed to a tridle track, {he other following carefully on the shapeless . mass ahead. 7 . . . „.,- Sometimes the wind and rain, driving upwards, warned \ us we were' descending into a deep valley, and the' * darkness twould -be nearly total t» we traversed the dense bottoms. I have often read of benighted travellers, but never -bef»re had I realised, their descriptions of misery. Con. versation was impossible. Before us stretched the open heath, bounded on all sides by impenetrable fog. Nothing to be seen save the same cold mist; the only sounds— the dull moaning of the wind, the patter of the rain,' and the ceaseless splash splash of our horses — now and then varied by the sharp. ring of their shoes as the bare rock for a time formed our road. Sometimes not a tree would be seen for miles, and it seemed for hours ; and then, when hope of reaching the confines of the interminable plain had almost died within us, we would notice dark masses ahead, becoming darker and larger as we advanced. Slowly they seemed to lift their heads, and then they glided silently by, first at considerable intervals, then in twos and threes, and soon they were all around,— resembling the sentries (outposts and main body) of a phantom army. ? - Hour after hour dragged slowly along, and thoughts of weary wanderings over bills and through lonely gulleys, of the pangs of hunger, of exhaustion by exposure and fatigue, and, last of all, of the dark pool beside the little heap of whitening bones— such thoughts as these* were ever and anon intruding themselves, like unbidden ghouls'} when suddenly our path struck a broad road at right angles, and \- there again was the welcome post with its friendly in scription, ' To Wollongong.' : At once I recognised my old ?acquaintance, the main road from Wollongong to Campbelltown via Appin. Our way was now clear, down BuQi Mount, and then to sleep as'soon as possible. But the clayey,' slippery nature of the road rendered safe progress very slow, so that 1 o'clock a.m. had long struck before we reached the .village. A meal and accommodation were soon obtained, and quickly our discomforts and dangers were forgotten be neath the cover of a pair of blankets. ' ' , The district of Illawarra has been so often and well described that I should but encroach on ypur space to remark on its beauties. On the following day noon saw us ascending Bulli Mount, en route for Sydney. Half-way up we paused to admire the scene. On. the left towered the mountain, covered by verdure to the yeryedge of the road, and seeming about to fall and' destroy all traces of a path. On our right hand, the head almost turned dizzy as we looked into the' gulph, a thousand feet below. The slope from- the road is nearly preoipitous, yet luxurious vegetation had covered every inch, while at the bottom the scenery beggars description. It was an ocean of verdure ; trees of all sizes and shapes, dark green, brown, and light green, mingled in the mostiexqui site contrast. The graceful cabbage palm with its wand like 6tem and fan-like top ; the bangalow; vieing with it in height, and almost exceeding it in beauty: while less' in height, but no less lovely, rose the tree fern. These were in abundance, set in a sombre background of gigantic eucalypti and fig trees, such as Illawarra alone can produce, the whole matted and wreathed by lovely -creepers which clustered around every limb. Beyond the forest lay the thin line of cultivated bind, bordered by the sea beach, a silver line bounding the ocean of sapphire which spa--klsd and glittered in the golden sunset. As it was a bright sunny afternoon, our homeward ride more than compensated for our previous discomforts. A ridge of high land — in fact, a northerly continuation of the Illawarra ridge — extends with gradually, decreasing elevation, from Bulli Mountain to Port Hacking, the ridge lying near the sea to which it presents generally a precipit ous front, while on the west or inland side the incline is far more gradual, formingthe chief source of the Woniora River, one of the most important tributaries of George's River. On the ridge and on this long slope occur numerous swamps. To these morasses and their natural dram, the Woronora, many of the advocates of the George's River scheme have looked for a sufficiency of water to supply Sydney. The quantity of water thence procurable has been generally acknowledged as sufficient, but the quality has been objected to. It is stated that this country con sists of beds of Wynamatta shale ; as far as we could see sandstone was the prevailing and, with one exception, the only rock visible. This exception is a deposit of ironstone, which makes its appearance on the top of a hill about ten miles this side of Bulli, and which is marked in the ex cellent mineralogical map appended to ' New South Wales, the oldest and richest of the Australian colonies.' The road lies mainly on this ridge, now and then leav ing it fora more direct line across some valley when the' crest makes a detour. The scenery consists of rounded gently sloping hills and thickly wooded valleys, not like the Blue Mountains, majestic and awful in their roggedness, yet fetal grand in their calm beauty. The whole view, to the west was occupied by a series of hills rising one behind another like the heavy swell of the ocean, the horizon being bounded by the higher peaks of the Blue Mountains. From a heath, distant about thirty miles from Sydney, numerous buildings were visible, which we imagined to be on the Parrsmatta River. *, Before teaching George's River we witnessed that most beautiful of all spectades-^-an 'Australian eunset-^-far excelling in grandeur, though etill reminding one 'of Xnmerts .loftiest conceptions. - How few are die Cowpera among) us who delight in the contemplation of- the - '^beautiful pi grand in Nature' whenufi eon, having , descended the dome of azure, sinks In an ocean of-glory^ flinging a golden halo through the mountain vallevB 'ii across the plains, while the fleecy clouds are transformed into a network of gold and crimson, and every beam of radiance proclaims its Maker's praise. During our homeward ride the feasibility of a coast railway occupied our thoughts. It does seem strange that no investigation has been made on the subject, seeing that in Btormy weather communication with the metropolis is often cut off. As far as we could judge, no insuperable or even great obstacle seemed to stand in its way. ' Soon after sunset George's River was reached, and by the light of the moon we crossed and made our way home, well tired out, , but highly delighted with our journey, considering ourselves more than repaid for any little in convenience we had experienced. SYNTAX. 