ODDS AND ENDS. A WonoTOTFin Wist:.— Keepso. The Order ok the Batjj. — Hot and Cold! An expensive wife tnnkes:a pensive husband. : Women in Arms. — Well, that's as it ought to bo. The Nation's Net Profit.— Tk.it of the Britnh Fisheries. I Hew to torn People's Heads.— Come -into a concert late in thick boots. .' I Advice" to Bachelors, — Never marry a horsey J girl. She will he a nagging wife. " I Best SoriTroR Groaixo Tolacco.— Pipeclay. I (Agricultural Department, please note.) Those young Ladies who make up their faces do not always find young men to make up their minds. Old Jorums never lost a friend. For tlic best of all possible reasons, his enemies say— he never made one. Mils. Manoovkuku says" she poscosscs great re sources in licrdear daughters, only she baa not been .Ale to liushaud them. A Yankee fashion editor snms up the present female costume with the brief word, " tuckuphs- himldollywriggledarnphoolitiveness. Notion or Nobility. — A man of birth, is com monly en whose remote ancestor did something! and. his intermediate .predecessors for. many, centuries nothing at all.— Punch. ' "The best of all ways to lengthen our days" . — Is to mako a short trip to Spitsbergen, my dear —where the longest day tats threo months and a half. Who wouldn't be a Spitz-burgher ? The Archery Meeting. — Curate (to Fair Stranger). — "I perceive you aro not a toxo- philitc !' Fair Stranger (promptly). — " Oh dear no ! ' Church of England, I assure you !" " Madam," said a certain nameless one to Judy, tho other day, " you aro talking simplo nibkish." " Yea sir," replied tho over-crush ing lady, " because I wish you to comprehend me.' A radical, but handsome M,P., was obsorved, tho othqr night, talking volubly to an exceedingly I obose lady. Remark thereon being mado to a French gentleman, he said, " O yes, he is ac customed to address the masses.' . Answered. — " Oh look hero, Mr. Crispin ! I bought theso boots here otaly a week ngo, and they re beginning to crack already!" — "Ah, miss ! perhaps you'vo been walking in them ! Our boots arc intended for carriage people, you know ?" Learning made lively.— Pupil (saying his lesson)—" ;V« uta secat mare. JS'auta, the sailor; secnt, cuts; mare, the sea." Preceptor — "Cuts tho sea ! How docs tho sailor cnts tho sea?" Pupil — " Got sick of it, gives it up." (Grins.) Preceptor — "Good boy." A Contented Mind.— "Oh, Mamma! wo I havo had such fun? Fancy, wo'vo been doing I private thoatricals, and all of us took a part !' I "-Indeed! And what part did you all take?" I " Oh, tho part of those who look on and clap I their hands, you know." I Both Botuerbd. — School examiner — " Name I the Kings of England who died violent deaths." I Boy — "Please, sir, did a king who died in a fit I die a violent death ?" School examiner — " I am I not allowcd> to help you in answering questions. I low must judge for yourself /" I Insult to Injury. — Bland, who is rather proud of his baritono voice, has just sung the " Villnge Blacksmith." Languid Swell (who has been talking ever since the singing began). — " Oh, aw, thanks, vn much ; I wish you'd a sing the " Villago Blacksmith," I am so aw fond of it." Throwing the Handkerchief.— Bob (in the course of conversation), — " Woman's mission ! Pooh ! Woman's mission is to bo beautiful. If I ever I meet a woman with lota of tin, who's I faultlessly beautiful, I shall marry hor straight I off." His admiring friend — "I suppose you'll I just ask her first, wont you Bob ?" I A.True Tale. — A Galloway farmor's kitchen. 1 Dramatis Personam Jean, the ao lass, tiding I the parritch ; Jock the farm servant. Jock, coming I in from his day's work, and throwing himself I wearily into a a chair— " Jean !" " Wcel, Jock,' I " I think I'll marry yc. Jean !" "Man, Jock, I I wud bo mucklo oblecugod tao yo if ye wild." — I Honest at tat. I Not to "be Beaten. — Mrs. Brown (whose I daughter has just been porforming admirably oil I the pianoforte) — " Do your daughters nliiy, Airs. I Jones?" Mrs. Jones (whoso four daughters- havo I only been listening) — "No." Mrs. Brown—- ".Sing?" Mrs. Jones— " No." Mrs: Brown— I "Paint in water-colors?" Mrs. Jones— "No. I Wo go in for beauty." I A Lady who superintends a Sunday school I having occasion to interrogate one of her pupils | as to the cause «f her father's non-attendance at I church, received the following innocent reply, 1 prefaced, of course, hy a sweet littlo drop of a I curtsey " PI caso mem, my father says he isii't LUUUIJJj tu VUlUtU 41UJ IUVIU W I'ltlOUII uuuvia uuu so, he can't got a bit of sleep." They are making quite a fuss in London (savs the Sew York Clipper) because a man recently went from that city to Liverpool, over two hun dred miles, in two days, on a bycielc: Wo fail to see anything wonderful in this ; hud the foolish man gone on a railroad train, lie could have made the distance in six hours. No doubt he is one of those ignoramuses who never read the paper. A lit ual sport who tried to cat his pic with a fork at one. of the Titusvillc hotels, because a city girl was sitting opposito, had tho misfortune to lurrpoon bis tongue at the second mouthful, and in his efforts to pull; out tho fork upset a dish of cranberry sauce in the lady's lap. Jle says he '' don't go a cent on stylo hereafter, and will shovel in liis food in I lie old manner, oven if Queen Victoria sits next to him." An engaged young gentleman got rather neatly out of a Tittle scrape with his intended. She ' taxed liini with having kissed two ladies at some ; party at which she w:ls not present. He owned it, but said that thvir united ages made only twenty- one. The simple-minded girl thonglit of ten and eleven, and laughed off her pout. He did not explain that one was nineteen anil the otlier two years oi age. « asn t it iiriiui, Tobias? — Punch. A Haity Man.— Inquisitive Lady — " Who, may I ask, are those three tall ladios singing?" Communicative Stranger — " Tlio Miss Bilder- Logies." Inquisitive Lady — "They seem rather remarkable persons !" Communicative Stranger — " Quite so. By all who arc so favored as to possess the privilege of their acquaintance, they are with justice admitted to he naturally, physically, and intellectually perfect- !" Inquisitive Lady — " Dear me ! And the lady at the piano !" Communicative Stranger — " She is also a Miss Bililerlmgy. Indeed she was hy far tlio most transccmlently gifted of them all." Inquisitive Lady--" Dear me! Then is she vo longer?" Coiiiiiiiniicalive Stranger - " On the contrary. Marriage hns improvc-il her!" In quisitive Lady—" Good Gracious ! And whom did she marry, pray?" Coinmnni'-alive Stianger —"Me." Valuable Rkfipkau:, by Jozii Billing?. — How to pik out a wife.— Find a girl that iz 10 , years old tat May, about .the right hight, with a blue eye, and dark-brown hair und white teeth, lit the girl be good to look at, not Uo phond of musick, a firm disbeliever in ghosts, and one ov six children in tho same family. Look well tew the karakter ov her father; sec that he is not the member ov enny klub, don't bet on olek- I shuns, and gits shaved at least 3 times a week. I Find out all about her mother, see if she hnz got I a heap ov good common sense, studdy well her I likes and dislikes, cat sum ov her luini-iiiade I bread and apple. diuupUna, notiss whether slid I aViuzc:! all ov her liabor. a<k her servant ; how long they lire lived thaic, and dnn'l I'.til jew oV>- sorve v hither her diCL.es arc lp;t year's, oncz fixt over. If . ou are zatir.ficd th it tho riatbt.r would make the ri;ht kind bv mothcr-ia-dr.', vu Liu rofoly konkliiao that the dautcr 'would make tho rightdiiad of a wife. After there prclimifiiuys , are all settled, and yu have done a re,izonabl« .amount bv sparking, ask the yiuig lady for her | heart and hand, and if she refines, yn kuu kon- sider yourself cliche red. If, on the contrary, she should say 'yes, get married at ouce, withoutquiy fuss and ' feathers, and proceed to take the chances. I say take the chances, forthare ain't I no rci'ipee for a pcrfekt wife, enny more than I tkaro iz for a perfekt husband. Thure izjuslaz | incnuy good wifes az tharo iz good husbands, and I 1 never Know two people, married or single, who I were determined tew make thciaselfs agreeable 1 to each other, but what they suckcccded. Name 1 yure oldest boy sum good stout nume, not after I sum boro, but should the first l»oy be a girl, I ask I it az a favor to me that yu kaul her Rcbekker. I I do waut aum ov them good, old- fashioned, tuff I girl names revived and extended. 