DONNYBROOK RACES. i Stewards-Messrs. C. B. Fishor, George Watson,' Herbert Power, W. Filgate, J. M. M'Cormick, - Keane, and W. Newcotnen. Handicapper-Mr. E. T. Barnard. Trea- surer-Mr. W. Newcomen. Starter-Mr. G. AVatson. , . The first of the races, which it is proposed to hold annually, at Donnybrook came off on Saturday. A special train, starting at 11.15 a.m., took the visitors from Melbourne to the course, and was to have started back at 6.30 p.m.. but did not leave Donnybrook till about 7 o'clock, arriving in Melbourno at 8 o clock. This want of punctuality caused some grumbling. The running ground is generally well adapted for viewing races, but there are one or two remarkably short turns, and part of the course is in a hollow. On Saturday the ground was in a very primitive state, con- sisting simply of a course marked out, ploughed up, harrowed, and well rolled, but when it has been sown with suitable grass and properly attended to, it will make a very fair course. A small temporary stand has been erected, but it is intended to enlarge and improve this for future meetings. It was estimated that there were from 300 to 400 persons on the ground, and about a third of these came from Melbourne, including a large contingent of bookmakers. The racing on the whole was good, and there was a fair number of entries for each event. The Handicap Steeplechase, the last event except the Hack Race, was the most exciting, and it was a pretty sight to see the horses covering the three miles, taking the jumps capitally, and followed by a large number of the local people, men and women, on horseback. The first race-Maiden Plate was won by a length, by Doleful ; the second, a Handicap Hurdle Race, by the same horse ; the next, the Donnybrook Handicap, by the favourite, Forester; the District Plate, by Comet; and the Handicap Steeplechase, by Transit. MAIDEN- PLATE, Of 15 sovs. One mile and a half. Weight for age. Mr. Pearson's br g Doleful, 0 yra, Oat. 31b. (Mason), 1 Mr. O. M. Abbott's br o Bight Bower, 3 yrs, 7st. . 111b. (Chalker).2 Mr. Hughcs's cb m Despatch, 4 yrs, 8st. 111b. . (Owner).-.8 Mr. S. Harding's b g Longstrokc, B yrs, Oat. 81b. (Thomas) .0 Mr. Harrison's br g Lincoln, aged, (1st. 41b. (Harria) 0 Mr. J. Cleeland, cb m Flora, 6 yrs, Oat. 81b. (Ito binsoii).0 Betting.-5 to 2 on the field. Right Bower led at tho start. Opposite tho stand Despatch was in front, Right Bower close behind, till Doleful caine up and took second place. Right Bower again took the lead passing the stand, Doleful close behind, and opposite the stand again*Doleful came up to the front, and raced home with Right Bower. The latter swerved to ono side at the sharp turn into the straight running, and Doleful won by a length. HANDICAP HURDLE «ACE, Of 25 sovs. About two miles. Mr. W. Pearson's b g Doleful, 5 yra, Ost. 5}Ib. (Chiflncy) .1 Mr. O. M. Abbott's b g Eclipse, aged, 8st. 41b. ' (Gradwcll) .2 Mr. P. C. Goyder, b g Prodigious, 4 yrs, 8st. 41b. (Thomas, 71b. overweight).8 Mr. Cokor's b g Prltico, aged, lOst. 41b. (Harding) 0 Mr. D. Itobinson's b g Dred, aged, »st. 121b. (Moon) 0 Betting.-2 to 1 bar Dred, 6 to 4 on the field. Prodigious got away with the lead,' closely followed by Dred, and the two cleared the first hurdle almost together, Prince third. The second hurdle was taken by Dred and Prodigious together, who broke the top rail, and the two kept company over the third and fourth hurdles, Prodigious a little ahead, Prince third. The second time round Dolefui began to come up, and in tho hollow made a rush to the front and took the lead, Prodi- gious second, and Eclipse third, Dred going down at one of the hurdles and losing his chance. The last hurdle was cleared in tlio same order, and Doleful, Eclipse, and Prodi- gious passed the post as placed, the third several lengths behind, and the other two separated by a couple of lengths. DONNYBROOK HANDICAP, Of 40 sovs., added to a sweepstake of 1 sov. One mile and a half. Mr. J. Whitehead's b g Forester, 6 yrs, 7st. Sib. (Thompson).1 Mr. Doiurharty's g m Moonlight, aged, Ost. 41b. (Clark).2 Mr. D. Itobinson's b g Athelstane, 5 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Robinson) .3 Mr. J. Morrison's b g Panmure, 5 yra, 8st. (Chalker) 0 Mr. M. Griffin's b g Fljing Scud, 0 yrs, 8st. (Herbert) .0 Mr. J. Arthur's br g Frantic, ii yrs, 7st. 01b. (J. Day) .0 Mr. J. Lewis's br f Vision, 3 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Henderson).0 Mr. G. M. Abbott's br o Right Bower, 3 yrs, Oat. 41b. (Nolan).0 Betting.-3 to 1 bar Forester, 5 to 4 and even about Forester. Panmure cut out the running, followed' closely by Forester and Vision. At the first turn Foresterand Flying Scud got together close behind Panmure ; then Athelstane and .Frantic made an effort to keep in the aecond rank for a time, Athelstane once getting in front. Panmure was now getting pumped out, and coming home Forester, who had been biding his time,. came up along with Moonlight, and the two raced to the post, Forester beating tho mare by a couple of lengths ; Athelstane third. DISTBICT PLATE, Of 10 sovs. Weight for age. One milo and a half. Mr. C. C. Lockyear's b g Comet, aged, 8st. 71b. (Graduel!) .1 Mr. J. Clueland's c m Flora, 5 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Robin- son) .2 Mr. M. Ncwcoinan's bl in Black Hess, Oyrs, 7st. 71b. (Chalker)..0 Mr. T. Di-anlgan'6 b m Colardlu, 5 yrs, Sst. (Henderson).0 Mr. It. M. Abbott's Nelly Grey, 0 yrs, 7st. (Nolan) 0 Betting.-At first 6 to 4 Black Bess ; afterwards S to 4 Black Bess ; 0 to i any other horse. Black Bess started away at a great pace, closely followed by Comet and Nelly Grey. In tho hollow, second time round, Flora carne up, while Black Bess fell back, and Comet and Flora came up the straight, Comet two lengths ahead, and apparently going easily. Gradwell whipped all the way up the straight (an unnecessary action which evoked much disapprobation),. and Comet won by about two lengths. Black Bess walked in third, but was not placed. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, ' Of 25 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 1 sov. About three miles. Mr. Gill's b g Transit, 4 yra, »st. (M'Coy) .. "1 Mr. 13. Winter's b g Murray, aged, Oat. 01b. ,., 2 Mr. G. M. Abbott's b g Eclipse, aged, Ost. (Grad- wcll) .3 Mr. Harding's b g Baldy, aged, lOst. 01b. (Harding) 0 Mr. J. Morrison, b a Receipt, aged, lOat. 41b., (Chiffncy) .0 Mr. M. Early's bl g Typo, aged, Ost. 121b. (Wil-, Hams).0 Mr. Sanders Cook's b li Merriang, 0 yrs, Ost. 01b. (owner, 71b. ovor) .0 Mr. C. Clarke's bl g Sulphur, aged, Ost. (Soiitlmll) 0 Mr. F. C. Goydor's b g Prodigious, 4 yrs, Ost. (Tilomas) .' 0 Betting-ö lo 2 on the field, This was an exciting race, and the jump- ing was good. At tho first fence Sulphur, who was m front, fell, and the jockey was thrown. Receipt, Merriang, and Transit kept in front till Receipt baulked at tho third jump. Tho jockey, however, quickly put him at it again, and got over in time to reach the front again. Opposite tho stand Recejpt was leading, followed hy Transit, Pro- digious, and Baldy. Going round the second lime Baldy and Receipt led alternately, Prodigious keeping closo behind. Eclipse narrowly escaped coming togriof ¡at the third hurdle, and ¿he last time round Baldy baulked in the same place, and could not bo got over, though tried at it several times. Receipt began to show signs of giving out, and Prodigious was coming up, but went down opposite the stand, and was out of tho race. At tho last turn, where all wore racing together, Transit carno through with a rush and won by several longths, Murray second, Eclipso third, and Receipt fourth. The programme concluded with a hack race of fl sovs. for grass-fed horses, winner to be sold for 10 sovs. No weight under 8st. : one milo and a half. Seven hacks started and got away well together. No Surrender soon took the lead, and kept it to the finish, winning easily. J. Morrison bought the win- ner for £15 10s. An amusing story of the appearance of a ghost is thus told hy the Bendigo Advertiser _" A story has reached us of the adventures of a pair of turtle doves last Wednesday evening while billing and cooing somewhere over at Back Creek. It appears that a young lady and gentleman were taking their walks abroad some time after dark, when, as the tale is told, unto them a ghost appeared-a terrible figure in white-which moved noise- lessly into their vicinity, and after making somo warning gestures, suddenly and myste- riously disappeared. The damsel fainted, and her sterner companion, it is said, con- fesses to having shaken in his manly shoes. That they saw something which they had reason to believe to be supernatural, they are prepared to make oath, but if there aro any young people about Back Creek likely to be jealous of cither of them, or fond of practical jolting, perhaps a clue to the mystery of the apparition may be obtainable." 