THE EXTRAORDINARY WINDOW- SMASHING CASE AT BALLARAT. tiie ghost discovered. The mysterious window-smashing which caused so much sensation in King street, Ballarat East, on Saturday and Sunday last, was the subject of conversation the whole of yesterday, and we are pleased to be in a position to state that the perpetrator of the outrage lias been discovered. The servant- girl, Percifone Jouva, attended the Eastern Conrt yesterday morning, either out of curiosity or as a witness in the case of Margaret Clarke, who was fined for breaking a window in the house next door to Penhal- luriack's. Before the girl took her departure from the court, she was interrogated by Sergeant LRNer as to the window-breaking in her master's house. She gave very shifty answers, and appeared uneasy in her manner, and seemed glad to escape the cross-examina tion to which she was subjected, but stoutly asseverated that she was ignorant of who was to blame. Suspicion, however, had fallen upon her. and Detective Hyland' paid a visit to the house. In her absence the dress she wore on the Saturday was searched, and some water-worn pieces of quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had caused so much mischief, were found in the pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after con siderable hesitaiton and much prevarication, she admitted that she "just broke two of the panes out of a lark !" Penhalluriack was present when she made this confession, and he urged her to tell the whole truth on the promise that she should not be punished; but she was afraid to tell Hyland more, as she said he would take her away. Shortly afterwards Sergeant Larner arrived, and on Penhalluriack's promise that he would not appear against her to prosecute, she made a clean breast of it to the sergeant, aud said that she smashed the whole of the windows, without the aid of an accomplice. She only did it for fun, she said; but a remark, which she had previously passed to one of the chil dren, leads to the belief that she had a far more serious motive. As the police have determined to take some action in the matter she will probably be brought np at the' Eastern Court this morning. We shall not give publicity to the girl's statements while the case is sub judice, but it is evident that she is a wilful and damrerons r»»rCOl frnm I her conduct in previous " situations She had only been a fortnight in Penhalluriack's employ, but long enough for the children to be able to tell of 'various small acts of deceit that she wished to have hidden from their mother. It appears that she was very un comfortable whilst Larner was in the house on Sunday night, and told Mrs Thomas that she " wished ho would take his eyes off her." Directly the house-door closed upon him when he left the premises, there was another demonstration. A stone came flying across the room in which Penhalluriack was seated with two neighbors. The girl was passing into the adjoining room at the moment but slie stopped to say — " There's another of em;" and sure enough there was another but nobody could tell from what direction' the pebble came. However, from that moment she was closely watched; and shortiv afterwards sbe told Penhalluriack that he could go to bed, as she was sure no more stones would be thrown that night Mrs Penhalluriack was seriously ill during the whole day yesterday but it is hoped, now that the perpetrator of the outrage has been discovered the invalid will process favor ably towards convalescence. After her con fession, the girl was taken to her own home by her mother. Her father is a Greek following the occupation of a miner, and i s not at present m Ballarat. During Sunday and yesterday hundreds of people visited the house where tho alleged ghost was carrying on such mad pranks, and there wwas con siderable excitement in the neighborhood. Courier, 