THE ENGLISH PILGRIMAGE TO THE SHRINE AT PARAY-LE- MONIAL. (Abridged from the Tablet of Sept. 6th.) On Monday evening, Sept. 1st., the solemn function of the Blessing of the Pilgrimage by the Archbishop of West- minster took place, as had been an- nounced, at the Pro-Cathedral. Ken- sington. Long before the appointed hour, 7 p.m., the doors of the church were thronged by a large crowd eager for ad- mittance, which was, however, only accorded to those who came provided with tickets. On the entrance of His Grace the Pro-Cathedral was crowded in every part, with an audience consisting of priests, as well as of ladies and gentlemen, most of whom wore the badge of the Sacred Heart, denoting that they were pilgrims to Paray-le-Monial. The com- mittee of the pilgrimage consisted of the Duke of Norfolk, the Earl of Denbigh, Lord Herries, Sir Charles Clifford, Charles Langdale, Esq., the Right Rev. Mgr. Capel, the Hon. and Rev. Gilbert Talbot, D.D., the Very Rev. E. Kirk, the Very Rev. F. Clare, S.J., the Rev. F. Gordon of the Oratory, the Marchioness Dowager of Lothian, the Lady Herbert of Lea, and Lord Walter Kerr, hon. sec. to the committee. In addition to these there were present — Archbishop Howard, the Right Rev. Mgr. Stonor, the Very Rev. Mgr. Virtue, the Rev. Dr. Faa di Bruno, Rev. F. Christie, S.J., Lord Ed- mund Bernard Howard, Lady Philippa Howard, Lady Anne Howard, Lady Con- stance Noel, &c.;, &c.; The Archbishop having taken his seat on the throne, attended by the clergy of the Pro- Cathedral, and a large number of other clergy and acolytes, the devotions com- menced by the singing of the Veni Creator Spiritus, which was led by the choir and accompanied by the organ, the respon- sive stanzas being taken up by the entire congregation in a most impressive and devotional manner. The hymn being finished, the Archbishop ascended the pulpit in full pontificals, and delivered the following exhortation : — "Beloved brethren and children in Jesus Christ. It is a joy to me to be in the midst of you to-night. You are not a company told only by numbers ; you re present the faith and the piety of Eng land. You come from the dioceses, and from the missions, and from the homes of England, delegated by those who cannot go on the pilgrimage upon which you are about to enter, to manifest your vene ration, and adoration, and love to the Sacred Heart of our Divine Redeemer. You bear with you, therefore, the love and veneration of those also who are left behind ; and we thank you in the name of the Catholics of England. The Bishops of England in their provincial Council assembled gave you their solemn Bene diction, and in that Benediction they you their thanks for the work thatyou are about to do, of which it is my purpose to say as few words as I can, for I know that time is precious to you, and that earl' to-morrow morning you will be upon your way. I say yog have l)e Benediction of alj the pastors in Eu'daud, but I haye a greater Benediction tq give you than ours ; I have received direct from the Holy Father a command to give you his special Benediction 011 this pil grimage. and a Plenary Indulgence. The Plenary Indulgence you will gain accord ing to your state before God in this pil- "rimafre. The Bene lictiou, when I have done spealung, I will give you in the name of the Holy Father, aud you will impart it to all those of your company who are not here present. And now, dear brethren and children, I must saty a few words to you ou the work that you are about to undertake. You arc going upon a pilgrimage, and a pilgrimage, unless it be in order, would be a confusion : instead of being unto edification, it would be per haps to destruction, at least of that name for piety which the Catholics of England desire to preserve unsullied. Therefore I have first to beseech you, as you love the Sacred Heart of Jesus, that from the moment you leave this place to the mo ment you' return, you will be obedient to those who have the direction and the authority to lead out aud bring back this pilgrimage. There are chosen out and set over it, in whole and in part, a number who will be responsible for the order and conduct of the others. I beseech you, therefore, to be punctually obedient, and to account it a part of your devotion to tile Sacred Heart to obejT all the rules laid down for the guidance of this pilgiimage. ' Next I would call 011 you not to be too delicate, and not to complain if you are subject to some privations, some weari ness, some inconvenience. Remember as you «o that the pilgrimage lias been jeered at as an imitation in these soft days, with with all the facilities of the _ nineteenth century, of those acts ol piety which cost men in the old time much labor, toil, and self-denial. Do not heed if this pil grimage be regarded with such a censure, but if you have to endure anything, be thankful that in the work you have under taken there has been really something to endure. Further, I would say be strictly kind and charitable to all. You know the old sacred admonition, 4 Take heed that ye fall not out by the way and where mul titudes go together in common, much self- denial, much kindly charity, much mutual forbearance are often required. Lastly, be humble. Lay aside all the state, fmtuue, dignity, and inequality of this world, and „ wmrsp.lves liawnv if vou share with the least, and have your portion with the last, in the spirit of humility which is 0 perfection of the Sacred Ileal t. And now, dear brethren and deal childien, you will forgive me for having spoken so plainly, and I hope my words may be re vived in your memory 111 this sacred iourney you are about to take. Before vou set out, and for the last week, you have been the subjects of no little censure, no little ridicule. Bless God for it. It is a poor serving of the Cross that has not some sliame. Not only be content, but be thankful, that your act of piety which has about it the tokens oi iaitli, slioultl re- ceive these tokens of reality from the : world that does not believe. And there are some other critics who are 111 such liaste to condemn, that like men who are : precipitate, not only their lips stannner but also their pens and their intellect. It is not for your sakes, so much as for theirs, that 'I desire to say m few plain English words, what a pilgrimage is, and what your pilgrimage is, and I think you will let me undertake to answer for you while you are gone. First of all, what is a pih'rimage? A sacred journey to a sacred place. Pilgrimages began early in the history of Christianity. _ They began with the crucifixion of our Divine Master, and the first place of pilgrimage was Mount Calvary. The multitudes of those who believed in Him Hocked together to the spot where the seven last words were spoken, where the precious blood tvipi-lPfl unon the grouud, and where Jesus gave up the ghost and the world was redeemed. Calvary, then, was the first place of pilgrimage, and so great was the multitude that those who hated Chris tianity stirred up the people, and built a heathen temple full of abomination upon the very spot where the Cross had stood, to render it impossible that a Christian foot should ever be set in that place. Aud what was the motive of their pilgrimage? It was the love of J esus Christ, iaitli in His person, devotion to His kingdom. The place was sacred for His sake. Bethlehem, and Bethany, and Nazareth, and Getlise- mane, and Mount Olivet, are all sacred to those 'who believe, and Palestine is the Holy Land, and men have gone, from the be"inniug of Christianity and in all ages, and go to this day, over those roads which the feet of Jesus trod, to those cities where ' Jesus rested, aud to those places 1 sacred to His memory, drawn thither by the vivid- 1 ncss of faith aud the fervour of adoration. This, then, is a pilgrimage, and its motive love to our Divine Master, but I may hear, it asked, What has this to do with laray- le-Monial ? At least it has this to do with it. It shows that a pilgrimage to a sacred ' piace is a natural and reasonable tiuug, worthy of all respect. B ut it may be asked, fs Paray-lo Mouial a sacred place . Bretheru, I. will begin with a fact which the world cannot deny, and then I will go 011 to an explanation which the world may question, hut cannot disprove. The fact with which I begiu is the devotion of the Sacred Heart. The loving veneration for the human heart of Jesus deified by union, with His Divine Person- is at this moment a devotion spread throughout the Univer sal Church ; it is in every province, every diocese — I might almost say in every parish. I11 every church and in every sanctuary there is |either an Altar of the Sacred Heart, or a shrine, or a picture, or a statue. There are treatises of theology, manuals of devotion, books for children, all containing this devotion for the Sacred Heart. Next alter devotion to the Holy Sacrament, and closely akiu to it, and explanatory of it, comes the devotion of the Sacred Heart, spread cast and west throughout the Catholic Church. For two centuries it has been established in the hearts of Catholics generation after gene ration. It prevades the faithful from the oldest to the \ oungest. I ask, whence did it arise ? From Paray-le-Monial. Here is a world-wide fact which traces its origin to the spot to which you are going. This the world cannot deny ; it stands out a visible fact in history, a visible fact of sense and reason, and is undeniable. The world may indeed deny the explanation of the fact, and those who utterly disbelieve in a supernatural order, and in the revelation of Christianity, may deny it with consis tency : but no Christian man can deny with consistency the interpretation which we give.- To explain this world-wide fact, arising from the meditation of a poor despised Sister of the Visitation, by any natural reason or by any natural causes, is a demand upon my credulity which goes beyond the bounds of my faith ; and to believe tliat tlie Church of God, so jealous of its truth, so jealous of its piety, so jealous of the devotion of its children, to whom the rule of faith is the rule of prayer, should have admitted, "and sanctioned, and taught, and spread abroad the fdevotion of the Sacred Heart, if . it had not been an inspiration of the Holy Ghost, is a thing that surpasses my belief We therefore ascribe the rise of this de votion to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and wc therefore account the place where the devotion had its origin as sacred. Wc call the whole w orld to witness to the tact. We account lor it by a supernatural explanation. Further, in the. history of Margaret Mary we read that the mode in which our Divine Master inspired her with this devotion Avas by manifesting Himself to her, aud the "way in which He so manifested Himself was this : — She saw Him suffused by an intensity of light ; she beheld His sacred heart enveloped, as it were, in fiame, girdled with thorns, surmounted with a cross ; and these words came to her — 44 Behold the heart that has loved man so much, aud has been loved so little." Here is the origin of the devo tion of the Sacred Heart, and if any one who believes in Christianity can coldly object to what I relate, I will say, Do you believe that Jesus appeared to Saul on the way to Damascus in a light above the splendor of the sun ? Do you believe that Stephen saw the glory of God aud J esus standing at the right hand of God ? Do you believe that iu a trance in the Temple Jesus manifested Himself again to Paul, aud hade 'Him go out from Jerusalem, for they would not .receive his testimony ? Do you believe that the beloved disciple, as he "writes in the Apocalypse, saw the Son of Man clothed in a vrhite garment, and girded about with a golden girdle, His hair white as snow, His feet like pure brass, and His .countenance as the sun in its strength.'' Do you Christians believe these things ? You read them in the New Testament, which you profess to believe. If so, \vll y cioiluu W1JLS I'JLI.ci'U J-4-U W'ALU ihcuiit fesled Himself to His servants in the beginning, and lias thereby given us a revelation of the order of faith and grace under which, wc arc to the end of the world, has also in divers ways and sundry manners manifested Himself at all times to his servants and friends ? The man who can coldly deny this, lot him look well to his faith in the New Testament Scripture. I believe those who object and stumble at this would have rejected the visions recorded in the New Testament Scriptures even in the days in which Uiey were writtlen. This, then, is the reason of your pilgrimage. A lid what is your motive ? Is there any other motive conceivable to men but faith iu our Lord Jesus Christ, tender qnd fervid love to His person, a desire to render to Him thanksgiving for the great graces which lie has bestowed _ upon us aud iipon the Church at large Is it not obvious that your motives are per sonal motives relating to the person of your .Lord and Master ? What other motives are e inceivahle ? The blind world has imputed politics ! _ Aye, but the polities of the kingdom of God ; the polities of Hot who sits on the right hand of God, and will judge the living and the dead. This is true. There is something amazing in the blindness of such intellects and the (.loudness of such hearts." You know what the devotion of the Sacred Heart has been to you — you who have practised it, you who have tasted it, you who know that it is the most perfect meditation 011 the life and character of Jesus Christ, that it is the key whereby the Avhole mystery of His human love aud divine charity, encom passed by the sympathies of our humanity, are made clear and unspeakably tender to our hearts. Here the world again objects, and says — 4 This is as old as the Gospel ; this is what Jesus taught iu Jerusalem. What is there new in this ? ' I answer — It is the same, and therefore the devotion of the Sacred Heart lis be yond youv reproaches. You ascribe it to the lips of Jesus Himself, and it is true, and if you had believed in that which He taught iu Jerusalem eighteen hundred years ago, He would have had no need when the world was grown cold to inspire oiie of His children to revive the know ledge of it at Paray-le-Monial. It is identically the same truth ; it is the realization of the Divine Manhood of Jesus; it is the appreciation of His Divine love and human tenderness ; it is the laying open of the heart of which He spoke when He said, 4 Learn of Me, for I am meek and lowly of heart, and you shall find rest iu your souls.' This is the motive then 'for your pilgrimage — a per sonal love which you desire to increase more and more, a personal knowledge which you desire to raise into that Divine friendship to which the beloved disciple was admitted when he lay upon His bosom. And now I have but two more words to say. The first is this — Here is the personal, motive of your pilgrimage to Paray-le-Monial : hut you have another. You desire to bear witness in the face of a world growing cold that you love Jesus Christ. You desire to bear Avituess iu the face of a Avorld groAviug blind that you believe in Him, and you desire to make reparation for the blasphemous impieties which men have vented in all lands, and in our own land, Avitliin the last year respecting His Divine Person. TV c kaAre been deluged Avith impieties, and you are ready to bear your witness in the face of the Avorld that you believe God Avas incar nate, that God Avas manifest in the flesh, that God Avas seen amongst men, that His disciples handled Him, conversed aa'ith Him, ate and drank Avitli Him ; that He dwells in the midst of us ou the altar, that there is au order of supernatural grace and faith and mystery upon earth, and that as there is an atmosphere Avhieli rests upon the mountains. insensible to us, so there is upou the earth au order visible to the eye of faith, insensible to the Avorld. You live in it, you breathe in it. You desire to bear testimony to these things — testimony that miracles have not ceased, that visions are not for eighteen hundred years ago alone, that communi cations of the Holy Ghost arc not re stricted to the beginnings of Christianity, that that which was in the beginning is noaa" and ca'cr shall be world aa'ithout cud, that avc are under one and_ the saiua order of grace, faith, aud salvation. This is your first testimony, and you bear another Avliicli is like unto it. Within the last tAvelve months impiety has been heaped upon impiety, and the power of prayer and the loving ear of God to hear prayer lias been denied. And you, in the face of the Avliole world, go on a pilgrimage to pray, to testify youv faith 111 the power of prayer ; that you believe that betAveen lieaveu and earth, that between God and man there is an intercommunication, and a poAver of supplication and of mercy. This is a true and governing law of this Avorld Avliicli men disbelieve, because Satan avIio Avill be crushed by prayer, deludes men into disbelief. And once more you desire to bear your witness tnat tins avoiiu lias a Sovereign, and that the Sovereign of this world is not its gocl. The god of this Avorld is a destroyer, its Sovereign is the Creator by Avliom all thiugs were made. Tlie god of this Avorld seduces the nations by the unclean spirits that go up oqt of the deep, by impiety, infidelity, sedition, insubordination, impurity, craft, cuvetous- ness, falsehood, rebellion, by apostasy from God and persecution of His Church. These are the laws of the god ol this world, aud for a time he seems to have tlie dominion; for a time he has seduced the nations from the unity of the faith and obedience to the Son of God. For a time he is persecuting the Church in all lands ; for a time I10 is holding in bondage the Vicar of Jesus Christ. He hath great wrath, for ho knoAA'cth that his time is short. When Peter Avas in prison, there was a prayer made for him by the Chnroh continually. That Prayer brought angels from heaven, and the gates of iron opened of their oavh accord. Dear brethren, so shall it ho again, There is a Supreme Avill that governs the tumultuous Avills o.f men. Prayer moves the hand that is all- miglity, and uho hand that is omnipotent shall set all tilings right at last. Such then is the Avituess you bear. And Avliat ,is your intercession? Beloved brethren and children, go and pray for the world ; pray for the Avorld sick unto death, con scious of its own pride, but too proud to confess it ; pray lor the Avorld Avouuded from head to foot, plague-stricken Avith its oaa'U lusts and desires ; pray for the world once1 Christian, but iioav apostate from Jesus Christ ; pray l'or those nations once in the Unity of tlie Kingdom of God, Avho have lifted up their heel against His Soil ; pray for those nations that are persecuting the Bishops, aud pastors, and servants of Jesus Christ; pray for that Empiro drunk Avith success, blind Avith unbelief, Avliich is at this present moment venturing to lay hands upon the successors of the Apostles. .And pray for our own country ; pray for England, for' Scotland, for Ire- laud ; pray for those countries, of Avliich two Avere ouce in the light of the kingdom of God, as Ireland is to. this day ; pray that light may rest upon tlieiu ouce more, that perfect faith ma' again illuminate the hearts of our people. The English people never rejected the Catholic faith. I have said it ten thousand times, and I will say it until I die. They Avere robbed of it. The light Avas Avithdnvwn before tiny entered into the Avorld. They Avere born into darkness and' into a state of privation, as Ave Avere all born into the fall of Adam. The Englishmen of tAvo centuries aud a half have been disinhe rited and have not kuoAVii the faith ; they eauuot reject that Avliich they do not Icuoaa'. Pray, then, earnestly for our country, in aa'hich justice aud truth, aud uprightness aud honor, and the four car dinal virtues, arc to be found broad and bright iu the hearts of men. And pray for the Church of God iu all lauds ; iu the east aud in the Avcst, and in those heathen lands that are opening their gates, for the time seems to be near a\dien the Avords of Our Lord shall be fulfilled, that the Gospel of the kingdom shall be preached to all nations. Pray for the Church in England ; I was going to say pray for the Church in Ireland, but it hardly needs your prayers. Faithful, firm, inflexible, and invincible it stands steadfast, and if it bo faithful to its Divine Head, aud no one doubts that it Avill be as it lias been, it will stand for carer. But the Church iu England, re stored but the other day, springing to manhood hefoi'e any could expect, needs our prayer, needs our fidelity, needs our self-denial ; pray, therefore, for us that Ave may be found faithful ; that Bishops, and priests, and people, aa'Iio have been raised again as it wore by a resurrection from the dead, may live a ucav life, and may never be found Avanting to Him avIio raised us from the grave. Aud lastly, pray for the Holy Father, But I have no need to ask your prayers for him. There is not one of you avIio will not remember Pius IX. Avhen you are kneeling at Paray-le-Monial. There is not one of you Avho will not re member all bis iutcntions ; yon will pray for him aarith all the outpouring of your heart that the days of his affliction, may be shortened, that the light of the morning may break upon his sacred head before he departs hence, that ho may see the beginning of the triumph of the Church for Avliicli he has so long Avaited and suffered, Pray, too, for the ten thou sand intentions of those a\dio are asking your prayers. I have received. iu these last days anonymous letters begging mc to commend to your prayers the petitions of the writers — a sick mother, au apostate friend, the conversion of souls, and 1" Icuoav not Avliat. I eauuot recount them, nor could you remember them. Envelop them all in one act of feiwent faith, and place them all in the Sacred Heart of Our Divine Lord. He can distinguish them. He knows them all; and kneAV them before they Avere uttered, and if you ask fervently in faith they Avillbc granted. now more roiiuuus jiouuiig tor 1110 to do but to give you the Benediction of the Holy Father, Avhich I iioav impart. (Here the congregation knelt.) 4 May the bles sing of God Almighty be upon you in your going out aud in your coining in ; may He keep you safe iu His faith and fear, living and dying, uoav and for ever,' " On the conclusion of His Grace's dis course, Avliich was listened to with the most profound sileuce aud deep attention by the Avliole of the vast assemblage, the Arch bishop returned from the pulpit to the steps of the altar, ascending Avliich he turned to the people, and solemnly im parted the Papal Benediction to the kneel ing multitude. The hymn of the Sacred Heart was then sung, and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by His Grace, the altar being magnificently illu minated. The singing of the hymns and, litanies Avas joined in as before by the whole congregation, the effect being such as to convey an idea of Avhat choral avoi-- ship can become AA'hen the praises are sung Avith understanding by the groat body of the faithful rather than by professional vocalists. These, hoAvever, Avere there also, so that nothing seemed AA'anting to render the service as beautiful as possible. The Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament being finished, the banner of the pilgrim age was placed before the altar, and so lemnly blessed by the Archbishop. The English banner is executed in the richest and most durable manner in silks and gold on stuffs of satin and velvet. A red velvet cross of Saint George, decorated , with roses, traverses the centre of the banner ; in the middle of this cross, envi roned by an " aureola " or glory, is the figure of Our Lord and His Sacred Heart. This figure is environed by rays of gold, and is most exquisitely embroidered in the. richest colors. Both ends of the "aureola" are terminated by roses, the llower-symbols of England. The figures of four great English Saints are placed in the angles formed by the arms of the cross. Above the cross are Saints Edward and Thomas of Canterbury ; below are Saints Cuthbert and Hugh of Lincoln, each being accom panied by his appropriate emblems. These figures have been designed by a talented young Catholic artist, Mr. Alexander Booker. The top of the banner, as well as the "fanons," or ends, are most charm ing bits of artistic coloring, being em broidered with quaint roses and leaves on a red velvet ground. All the ends, " fanons," &c.;, are trimmed with rich gold and silk knotted fringes and tassels. On the reverse side of the banner there is a very beautiful group of our Lady of the Sacred Heart. This is also in embroidery; the ground is of thick red silk, traversed by a rich gold cross. The pole of eh on i zed wood, the rich metal cross and ends, the heavy golden cords and tassels, are all finished with the greatest care and style. At the foot of the banner the following inscription is embroidered in letters of gold on green silk : — " Cor Jesu, Unicum Salutis Ostium, Anglia Supplex." This beautiful work of art has been exe cuted by Mr. Michael J. C. Buckley, of 53, New Bond-street, the representative of the famous Flemish and French embroide rers and church artists, whose works are always so much appreciated. Besides this splendid banner, Mr. Buckle' has also executed a smaller one, for presentation at the Shrine of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart, at Issoudun. It will be presented by the priests and the congregation of the Church of the Assumption, Warwick- street. The beautiful painting of the As sumption of Our Lady, in the centre, has been executed by Mr. Alexander Booker, and reflects great credit 011 his artistic skill. The following inscription is on the front of this banner : — " Ecclesia B. Y. M. in caelum AssumptiO, Londini, supplex pro suis, D. D. VIII, Sept. MDCCCLXIII." The Scotch banner is five feet long, by three feet six broad. It is made of deep blue, velvet, edged and fringed with silver. In the centre of the banner is a S. Andrew's Cross in silver, ornamented by a thistle in jewels ; above the cross is a Sacred Heart in gold, with a jewelled cross and silver crown of thorns. The points of the banner are filled up with thistles, embroidered in proper colors. The motto is " Cor Jesu, Miserere Scotia?." The reverse of the banner is white satin bordered with crimson, and the date, " 1873," in the centre. The staff is oak, with silver spear heads and mountings, cords and tassels. The embroidery was executed by the community of S. Margaret's Convent, Edinburgh. ( To be continued.) 