THE MORMONS. " Brigham Young," we find it stated in the San Francisco Bulletin, " has by popular vote been continued in the office of Prophet, Seer, aud Revelator ; but the Mormon people have also elected two other media to communicate ' the mind and will of the Lord ' to the' saints. If the significance of, this curious election is rightly interpreted by the Gentile papers of Salt Lake, it means that m the event of the death of Brigham, the Mormons intend he shall not be without a successor — that ' the Church shall never be left without a Prophet.' In ancient times, when the Hebrews had their prophets, these sacred functiona ries were thought to he selected and anointed from above. The Mormons, however, please themselves by making their own selection by ballot, trusting to the spirit, doubtless, to control the ballots. The new prophets are George A. Smith and the mayor of the city of Salt Lake. Prophet Smith is to go to Jerusalem on a proselytising errand at once, and he calls for SOOOdol. in coin to pay his expenses." The Locust Pbagge. — We learn from a Murray correspondent, that the weather for the past ten days has been not only cool, but cold, and that the locusts are still in the locality, although not so numerous as they have been. The late rains have caused a spring in the grass iff places left bare ' by the pest, which will be very acceptable. Another corres pondent writing- of the locust plague from Nareen, near the Glenelg, says : — The locusts are upon us in showers, and are going to eat everything in the shape of green feed. There was a nice lot of clover here yesterday — to-day it is gone. An Adventure of the Road. — On Sunday morning (says the Braidwood Dispatch), at about 1 o'clock, when Malone s mail coach was on its way from Goulburn to Braidwood, and when about six miles from the former place, a stray horse took it into its head to fraternise with the leader, and kept up running alongside, but at each flasli of lightning, which was extremely vivid, the brute used to fall back amongst the wheelers. Young Brummy, the coachmau, had no pas sengers with him, but not believing in ghosts — although the stray horse was a white one, and rather spectre-looking — and moreover not being very easily put off his equilibrium, he dropped the thong of his whip pretty heavily upon the stranger, who would resume his place alongside the leading horse until again startled by the lightning, when he would ouce more fall bacK, only to be soundly dressed, down again with the whip. This went on for about seven miles, until the fences were passed and the" open country reached, when Brummy turned off into the bush, and by so doing dodged the grey spectre which had been harassing him for so many miles, and which might have terrified a person of a more nervous temperament. When I was commanding the second brigade, second division of cavalry corps, Military Department of the Mississippi, while colonel of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry (writes a friend iu Western New York), there occured a comical little in cident, which I send you, and which you are welcome to for the Drawer. I was riding across Canal Street, in New Or- leans, not far from the bronze statue of Henry Clay. My- Irish orderly rode up and said, as he pulled his forelock, " Does them N' Orleans fellers like a nrager so's t' pit a statter of him in the fashionablest sthreet they've got ?" "That isn't anigger, Tom," said I ; " that's the great Clay statue." " Might I go look at it Tom galloped off, on my permission, rode round the statue, dismounted, and climbed up on the granite pedestal ; and then, mounting his horse again, he soon overtook me. " Did they tell yez that was clay ?" said he, with every appear ance of disgust. " Yes, " I said. " Well, Sir, it's a lie — it's iron !" A Mystery.— It is indeed a mystery how some people, otherwise sensible, are so short-sighted and foolish as to go on from day to day, and month to month, suffering with the stings and pains of disease, which, by the use of a few bottles of Bristol's Sar- saparilla and Pills, would to a perfe certainty be radically cured. Do not stand in you own light. 