? PORTLAND. ?j (FE05I OUB OAVK COaEESPONDBNT. ) ? April 23. ?Fone of your late issues the gentleman ?£ favours you with the intelligence of ?f^g events in 'Warrnambool was kind ?pgh to rtfer, in rather onmeasnred terms ?Vie conduct of the Portland Volunteers, ?f landed in that town on their way to and ?F Melbourne. Had ihe circamsta.ncea ?f such as he has recorded them, he would ?J6 been justified in reflecting upon them. ?-bo !ar as the Portland men are concerned ?»ey are totally diffeient from bis report, ? but just to the Volunteers from here to ?» that none of them were ever known to ?j acted in the way lie mentions, and that ?general character for steadiness that they ?f ''ntd hitherto has not in this, or in ? otter instance that has come under my ?Wedge, been jeopardized. ?Peaking of these matters reminds me of a ? connected with the late campaign that ?ike honourable to the author of it and to ?rWestera Artillery. Learning that the ?s that formed the battalion under the ?mand of Brevet-Major Trangmar were to ?re the encampment at an earlier day than ?bulk of the troops, Sir George Bowen MV a!d^dtcan»P to the Major, to state B he would be glad to meet the officera of »atUhon before they left the field, and H- ^ ilnnug a pause in the day's engage Hl- , * gentlemen waited upon His Ex ?^'j W6re reoei™d in a very friendly ? tand njEnner. I understand tnat this W' on the part of tbe Governor is con ?*W by the corps as a graceful acknow ?^'ntfroin h.m of their efficiency, and K5' -,W?1Vhis deBire to be on cordial V with all those with whom he may come »-MMt. I mentioned just now Captain fet'«J-BlVet-M»i'- l should also ? ™« Major Learmo,,^ held the Brevet ? 1 tl l h,t6e raDks «a to be confirmed. KawS16 tLat some P«-^t,on took ?**T.£L2lih datiDg bom 'Miohad lu/T1^ writteI1 to me an ac Koel fRn t^ble Tisitati°n that lately Khlm ? J''1 aDd ?*&-& ^ »t last ?ST1 to discontinue the destruction of E^H68 '' ^ neighbourhood. He had, ?Zh01 ?™e yeare devoted the bulk of KSTt^*' ^»P^i-rfenmnation m * iu. dispoBd in its utter annihilation, he yet was naable to entirely remove it from uis lands. He was-so he writes— one hot summer day at work at what had by this tune become his uoroial condition, and, with hoe on shoulder, was rambling ou the oot skirts of uis estate, along a road between his property and that of his next neighbour when he essayed to rest Uis limbs for a space under the wide-spreading branches of a blackwood tree. Here he had hardly re clined, whenhiB wandering gaze wae attracted by an enormous number of the tribe he was fighting, at a fch'irt distance from him. Over come by the heat, he did uot get up to de capitate and, after the manner of Samuel upon Agag, to hew in pieces the noisome weed, but contented himself for the present by throwing stones at the wretch, and abus ing it, together with his neighbour, for grow ing it, and the Portland shire Council as a party to its existence, ' Faugh !' cried he, 'you smell to Heaven j you have the primal, eldest curse opon you— you weed, and all your belongings ; and you, oh ] my otherwise sensible neighbour, it must surely be only your natural persistency of purpose, or your unwillingness to be taught by such as I am, that actuates you in this total disregard of my wishes. As to that infamous Council,' he continued, rising to phrenzied eloquence in his wrath and heat — *' as to you — you who permit thistles to be grown without rebuke— you so grossly culpable, so shamelessly illegal, so dead against the solus populi—youi ladies form ample pound for at onoe and for ever blotting out your name as a Shire.' The torrent of Ids anger would, no doubt, have carried him much farther in his vitu peration had he sot at this instant been somewhat alarmed by a sudden and awful change that came over the form of the thistle — it swelled in sUe, it quickly grew in height and bnlk, it assumed the appearance of man kind, nor did its structure, as it progressed in greatness, seem altogether unfamiliar to my friend — bo amply round, eo becomingly corpu lent, it took to itself a ponderous majesty that startled him by its resemblanoe to the very neighbour he had lately addressed as sensible in all things but his love for this plant. As its metamorphosis approached completion, the top of what had been the hated weed appeared in the form and visage but too well known to my friend, and while the head was immediately covered with & peculiarly graceful wide-a-wake, the hat it self was surmounted by a crown of green material with great red spikes, BOBpicionnIy like the top flower that had raised itstohim diabolical prominence above the 'Scotch- man.' Trembling in every limb as he viewed this apparition, his astonishment gave place to pallid fear as tbe epeotre, raising one of his arms and shaking his forefinger at liim- com menced to address him in a voice of deep import : — ' Liest thou here so low ! the child of one I honour'd ; happy I dead before thy shame! Oh ! Alfred I Alfred ! do we, after eo many years, meet thns' (tbe ghost drew a long white handkerchief from the pocket of his coat, and pressed it over hu eyes. My friend, who was gradually getting childish from tbe effect of all this on Mm — especially the quotation from Tennyson — moaned in concord, and they each passed a short interval in speechless grief. The terrible visitor went on again: — 'Alfred! 'I did not think to shed a tear, in all my miseries ; but thou bast forced me to play the woman.' ' Here UU ULUOUVU *»TT**J UIB VbCUOj *MU\Rj * t '*''*' fit AiAB handkerchief, continued : — ' ' Let's dry our eyes, and thus far hear me,' Alfred I Know, then, that you see before you the sovereign of that race you have wasted the beBt years of your life in waging a cruel and bitter war with. 1 have come from mourning over the * daughters of my people,' destroyed by your sacrilegious hand. In carrying out this dire affliction npon my species, you have ruined your own constitution, alienated your friends, squandered your money, destroyed your in tellect But yesterday you abused your genius to attack me and mine in the public journals, and even now, as I came to you, you were assailing me and my friends in coarse and improper language. Why, dash my wig 1' exclaimed the monarch, as he grasped his wide-a-wake and crown, and shook them in my poor friend's face, who had UJ[ ULUD UU1C OUVA U1W t*U «SIUJ«fWW OWtUO Ul terror ' if you go on. with this ; if you don't turn your blessed hoe to something else, your illustrious pen to a better purpose, and your eloquent tongue to fitter subjects, TU haunt yon ; I'll stick to you through the few re maining years left to you, and causa the miserable remnant of your life to be one in cessant irritation from my prickles. I warn you ; begone ! get you home 1 or Til shout more Shakespeareat you '' This was enough ; to think of his own, his sweet bard, he whom he so ardently loved, being brought up as a witness againBt him by this infuriated enemy, was a climax he could not endure — he turned, he ran, and never looked behind him. Tillsafe within the folds of 'Michael Angelo,'' he vowed never again, to touch a thistle so long as he lived. 