LITERATURE. RE-INCARNATION . Since it was only the other day, as we may say, that the spiritualistic movement made an appcaraqco amongst us, few have had tho timo or the means requisite to decide with regard to its pretensions. Tho process of a critical, as- opposed to a haphazard, investigation is neces- sarily slow. Ordinary people may in BOine instances have been disposed to enter upon the process, but before they have been enabled to mako up their mind on tho sub ject their attontion has been challenged by 011c manifestation after another, and anon by some new pretension on the part of the spiri tualists, one and all advanced with such start- liug rapidity that they find themselves unequal to tho task of prosecuting tho investigation in a satisfactory manner, anil incline to give it up altogether. The fact is our spiri tualistic friends aro going so tremendously fast that the ordinary human mind cannot keep pace with them. Sir Robert Peel used to say that it took about thirty years to drive a new idea into tlio miiul of tho British public. The spiritualists are trying to drive a scoro of now ideas all at once. Tliey aro ambitious of establishing a now religion, which shall supersede Chris tianity as Christianity suporsciled Paganism. They want to start thoir now faith right off, fully equipped with miracles and prophecy, with inspiration anil revelation, and with doctrinal developments in accordance, as tliey fondly imagine, with the scientific ten dencies of tlie ago, anil acceptable to reason. It would bo better for their cause if thoy would moderate their pace a little, and he content for a while with a one-horse vohiclc, instead of attempt ing to drive their coach and six. The exer cise of a little sober reason might lead them to reflect that instead of the kind of progresi thoy boast of, tliero is a slight possibility of making progress back wards. Some of tliein, wo perceive, have added to tlieir multifarious doc. trinal dovelopmonts, the doctrine of ro-incarnatiou of souls, borrowed from Paganism. As yet only a small section of tho spiritualists havo committed them selves to the advocacy of this particular plioso of Paganism, but there is no saying how soon it may be adopted by the whole body. Alien as the doctrine undoubtedly is to our modern thought, it is congruous enough with tho general idea qp to tlio nature of the soul, which modem spriritualiBts hold in common with the denizens of tlie primeval world. Starting from tho assumption that . the human soul is an entity, having Bhapo, and size, anil weight, tlio very counterpart ' of tlio body in fact, the transition was easily mado to the conception of tho soul not only as dotacliablo from tiie body, but also as capable of boing temporarily re-embodied in the visible form of some other man, or of some beast, or tree, or cloud. The transi tion was actually made. Tho ghost belief of tho primitive savage devolopecl into tho Aryan iloctrino of transmigration held by tho Brahmins of India, the the lncrophants of Egypt, the philoso phers of Greece, and tlio Druids of Gaul anil Britain. .Spiritualism has already made 0110 retrogressive step, inasmuch as the doctrine which it promulgates concerning tho soul is identical with tho cruilo animism of primitive races, and still held by overy savage tribo all tho world over. If Spiritism has thus revived tho germinal idea, what is there to hinder it from roviving also tho full bloom develop ment ? But really aro wo going to travel that dark road again ? Is this tho new gospel which is to supersede Christianity 2 The question, unworthy as it is of serious consideration for a mo ment, is actually broached ; and such being the case wo recoinmond the perusal of Mr. Tyerman's lecture on the subject. Asa refu tation of the ro-incarnation doctrine the lec ture is certainly able. The lecturer fairly states the case as presented by those who recontly promulgated, the doctrine in Mel bourne, and rejects it as utterly falso, as- signing in tlie course of a lengthened argu ment several cogent reasons, which are thus summarised at tlie close : — " I have shown that the alleged necessity for rc-iucarnation is a pure assumption, un supported by adequato evidence, and nega tived by certain admissions : that it must ho very difficult, if not quite impossible, for a fully formed soul to so compress itself as to be able to be conjoined to the merest rudi ments of another material organisation : that as wo have 110 recollection of any previous incarnations, we cannot benefit by any pre-'1 vious experiences ; and, therefore, practi cably, tboy arc useless to us : that there is no guarantee that any given iuearnatiou will advanco the soul boyoud the point it had pre viously reached ; whilo it is possible that in Shall wo live on earth again ? Or, Tlio Doctrino of Kc-Incamatlon examined. By J. Tyenaan. |Uel- bourno, W. H. Terry many instances it may result in its debase ment and retrogression : that it involves tho most absurd and monstrous possibilities : that in effect it leads to the des truction of our individuality, and, therefore, defeats the end which it con templates : that tho object of re-incarnation can be bettor attained by another method : and that the fact of communications being received from spirits in bo many different stages of development entirely disproves it. I submit theso arguments to your respectful consideration, ana wish you to accept them only so far as they commend themselves to your unbiassed judgment. In conclusion, I cannot but obsorve that if the doctrine in question were true, it could hardly fail; as it presents itself to my mind, to havo an un- happy influence on mon's minds. It would complicate the problem of life a thousand fold. It would entirely alter tho nspecj; of the present state of existence. It would rob tho future of nearly all its charms, and enve- lope it in a cloud of painful uncertainty and perplexing doubt. " 