MISCELLANEOUS. At the meeting of the British Association at Brad ford, Sir Rutherford Alcock stated that Sir Samuel Baker would not be able to be present at the congress, and read the following letter from him:—“Cairo, 2nd September, 1873. Dear Sir Rutherford Alcock, — Upon my arrival here I was gladdened by your kind note and invitation of 18th July. I shall take great interest in the proceedings of the British Associa tion, but I much fear that it will be impossible for me to reach England in time, as I have much to arrange with the Egyptian Government. One fact will be interesting to England generally. The Vice-' roy has determined that on English officer shall suc •ceed me in the government of Central Africa. This is incontestable proof of the determination of the great Egyptian reformer to carry out the work to a good end. Thera can be no chance for the slave-trade. The so-called traders are to be driven out cn masse, and the Government will assume the monopoly of the ivory trade until such time as opportunity may, afford for a further change.—Very sincerely yours, Samuel Baker.” . _ . Mr Sothern has had the misfortune to kill a man. An account of his encounter on a Californian.railway with a ruffianly passenger who had intruded into a carriage specially reserved for Mr Sothern’s use ap peared in the American papers, and it is now an nounced that this “ car difficulty” has had a fatal termination. The first narratives of the affair were written in a lively light-comedy style, and gave one the notion of Lord Dundreary's engaging, after much provocation endured with. perfect good temper in a set-to with an overgrown bully, who, in the end, was justly and severely punished for having presumed on his supposed superiority of strength to take an inex cusable liberty.; The scene, iu face, recalled a some what similar one iu “ Used Up,” in which Sir Charles Coldstream polishes off and ultimately throws out of window an obnoxious blacksmith. The comic scene, however, has had a tragic ending. The bully, a man named Lawson, has expired,as persons thrown violently out of railway carriages sometimes will and». “James Lawson,” says a Californian paper, “has just died. Sad as the whole affair is, no one can possibly blame Sothern. He was suddenly and savagely struck while quietly expostulating with Lawson, a man oyer 6ft. 2in. high, and almost double his weight. Even then, according to the conductor’s evidence, although bleeding profusely from the mouth and nose, he kept his temper; but remained as firm as ever in his deter minationto havo his private car to himself. A second time he requested Lawson to leave, and a second time did Lawson make a rush at him, while his back was turned, as he urged the conductor to keep passive. This second cowardly attack did at last rouse him, and turning round rapidly, Sothern gave two or three stinging blows, then closed with him, and finally ad ministered a rapid * cross- buttock,' intending to throw him on the platform, but the man’s struggles called for more force, and ho was thrown over the chain at the end of the car. A compound fracture of the right log and internal injury were the result. Mr Sothern’s departure for England is consequently unavoidably postponed, but no one can doubt the verdict of the coroner’s jury.” The Queen, on her recent visit to Glenfinnan, where Prince Charles Edward first unfurled his standard in 1715, was shown a letter which has never before been published, in the handwriting of Prince Charlie. It is as follows;—“Kinlock, August ye 14, 1745. Being come to this country with a few resolutions to assist the King my father’s right, I think it proper to inform you of it, having always heard such an account of your loyalty and principles, that I think I have just reason to depend on them. I intend to set up the King’s Standard at Glenfiunan, on Monday ye 19th instant. Since the time is so short, I cannot expect your presence there, but I hope you will not fail to join me as soon as possible. You need not doubt to my being always ready to acknowledge so important a service and give you proofs of my sincere friendship, Charles, P.K.” The Swiss Times understands that an application has been made to the Geneva authorities by a young gentleman who claimed the right to attend the funeral as chief mourner, he being a grandson of the late Duke of Brunswick. He asserts that his grandmother (the daughter of an English admiral) was married to the duke, who sent her and her daughter out of his house when the latter was eighteen years old. The daughter subsequently married a French nobleman, and the claimant is her son. On the other hand, the duke is said to have always denied the truth of the story of his marriage. The name of alleged wife was Shore. The authorities refused the desired permission, as being entirely opposed to the provisions of the duke’s will. The proposed balloon voyage across the Atlantic, about which everybody has been talking, was doubtless undertaken in good faith; but it has been so badly managed that the chances of its success have long since been desperate. Mr Wise, the aeronaut, has been an enthusiast upon the subject all his life, and for thirty appears has been trying to raise means for the experiment. The proprietors of a new evening illustrated paper, the Daily Graphic, entered into the project, and seem to have turned it to some account. But they did not make a good balloon. The alleged cost of the machine was 15,000 dol. (£3000); the actual cost, Mr Wise tells us, was not over 4000 dol. (£800), and the proprietors must have recovered that amount, and cleared something handsome besides, by admitting people to see the balloon at half a dollar a head. Its magnificent proportions have shrunk very rapidly of late. It was to carry ten or twenty people, in a three-storied car provided with various domestic comforts, and an open verandah; and several distinguished people (including General Butler) were formally invited to take a free passage. It turned out after a while that there would be room for only four, and then that the balloon could not carry any car at all, but the voyagers must trust themselves to the lifeboat. Wise long ago gave up the expectation of reaching Europe with the flimsy contrivance, but he expected to make an ascent, go as far as he could, and then take to the boat. The inflation was attempted, but had to be abandoned in consequence of the high wind. On the second occasion it was a beautiful day, with only a gentle breeze blowing, which hardly disturbed the great globe as it slowly assumed shape; but when it was about half or two-thirds full, a rent suddenly showed itself in the top, and in a moment it was a heap of ruins. Then the crowd swarmed over the barriers, and three or four thousand people went home, laughing good humouredly at what they called the “humbug.” Wise has been for weeks in a state of wrath over the wreck which he foresaw, and has freely predicted the very catastrophe which has occurred. He still holds to his theory of an easterly current, and if he can persuade anybody to make him a balloon strong enough to hold gas, we may depend upon hearing of him again. But the Daily Graphic air-ship will never be seen any more. A Colonist at St. Paul’s.— A now sensation has been discovered by a contributor to Chambers’ Journal —or perhaps it would be better to say that the sensation was forced upon him. He had never seen the interior of St. Paul’s Cathedral, and it being his last evening in London previous to his return to Australia, he prevailed upon a grey-headed old man, so he says, to let him into the building, when the shades of evening had gathered around it. The colonist, who was left in the building alone, saw a few feet from the floor — not a ghost — but a rope dangling from the vast height above, and having been a famous gymnast in years gone by, he caught hold of it and found himself being drawn up, of course, to his great horror. Soon he almost lost possession of his senses and his strength, expecting every moment to be dashed to pieces. Ultimately he became quite unconscious, and when he “came to,” he found himself on the floor, with his grey-headed friend bending over him. It appears that the old-man returned just in time to see the hero of this startling episode dangling in the air, that he whistled three times, just as he had observed the workmen did when they wanted the rope lowered, the pulling up stopped, and the rope came down, the colonist holding on till it nearly reached the floor again. If the story is not true it might be. Moral— When you go into St. Paul’s and see a rope swinging from the roof, don’t practice gymnastics upon it. A Witness for the Claimant.— Colin M‘Kay, master of the steamer Union, trading between Glasgow and Ballachulish, has publicly stated that he was chief mate of the Osprey at the time when the claimant was shipped at the Cape of Good Hope from a bum- boat as cook, the Osprey being then bound for Australia; that when two or three days on board the claimant became insolent, and refused to cook, stating he was the son of a gentleman in England, He was known by the name of “ Castro,” and was then very stout. Printed and Published by Joint Noble "Wilson, of No 43 Baglan street, in the City of Ballarat, at the] office of The Ballarat Star, No, 2Q Sturt street, in the said City of Ballarat, 