THE SPIRITISTS OUTDONE. The Liondon correspondent of the Birming ham Post writes as follows:—If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. There are two mediums there, Mr. Haskelene and Mr. Cooke, who have great qualifications for astounding them. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brother. They make tables dance, walking sticks converse, wreaths of j flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favorites of the spirits; a lady floats in the air—not in a dark seaace bat in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding each other's hands, like so many idiots, but sit at liberty, with powerful opera glasses ia their hands* are invited on the stage, and sit there during the performance—"mani festations," I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated, so that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it- The floor below it is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a . trap-door impossible, and there are no pos sible means by which persons placect in the box could escape from it without observa tion ; yet a man enters the box;, his legs are locked in heavy wooden stocks ,• when the door is opened the man is gone, and ho one can conceive in what way he has disap ! peared. He returns to his box in the garb | of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic proclivities. I He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet; one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened; and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gen tleman from the body of the meeting, yet neithe? could discover how the disap pearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether-both ate each other, no body was able to say,, or to suggest in what possible manner they could have dis appeared. The 31&;kele$e and Cooke spirits excel all others that have ever troubled the world before.. The Davenport Brothers were always found in tbeircabinet.. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of this world, but now the children, of this world hare got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson :down upon his knees in wonder and adora tion. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cooke would have heea fire and, taggaty A. teacher in. Rockport received a note the other day from an indignant parent, which read:—" I want you to strictly undaratand that you hant boss of my children if you keep maria from ben late you wid have trubl you need not think Wee are Slaves b«cas wee hant.. We live inn. a free land ad>°.* 