TOWN TALK. Tun general rua of people uiay imagino there is not much profit to tic gut out nf town talk in these days. Most men arc so extremely busy, ami making money with such rapidity, < that tlicy don't care to talk about it. A maniac thc tither day projiosed to proclaim a week's holiday, jost for thc sake of once more experiencing thc pleasure nf earning his broad by thc sweat of his brow-business, in thc conventional sense of the term, having become rucre child's play. His suggestion, perhaps I neel not say, failed to take, as people iii these degenerate times are quite prepared to cat whether they work or not. There arc some fellows, I verily believe, too lazy to masticate their victuals, so try to keep body and soul together by free indulgence in liquid "nutriment." They succeed tolerably, I believe, as in such cases soul and body travel rapidly ami cheerfully in company towards the dominions of the Old Gentleman, who, they ?nay he assured, will give them a warm anil genial reception. I am truly sorry for Macalister. The other day he had thc cup of political bliss ngain nt his lips, but Kate interposed and snatched it from his grasp. After a vigorous anil well planned attack upon thc enemy's camp, awl when victory was about to crown his exertions, ho found himself and thc country betrayed hy false and lukewarm supporters. Thc Opposition gentle- men have small confidence in Palmer, it is trae, but then they have still less in Macalister or anybody else. Last year, popular Charley found them hardly up to concert pitch in tuning even his praises, so he relinquished thc post of leader in favour of his bosom friend Macalister, who, in turn, came forward as thc saviour of his country. But thc country wouldn't bc saved, and is resolved to go to perdition with Palmer on its buck. I am sorry for the country, and my heart bleeds for those loving twin patriots, Lilley and Macalister. M'Devitt saul an irreverent thing thc other day in thc House Fainter was intimating, in his blandost tones, bis anxiety lest the new Government should not find tho Ministerial benches a "bed ot roses," when M'Devitt slyly jerked in " Nor a bed ot Lillies !" Mischievous people set Mus down as a profane joke at thc honorable Charles's expense, but I have it on gool authority-M 'Devitt himself -that there was no joke in thc matter. Lilley, he says, luis bloomed and foiled, and gone to seed, and is now only fit to bc placed on the shelf. 'Tis said that Lilley has not much regard for eithor Mac, and that he considers it n toss up whether Macalister would bc thc more objectionable os Premier, or M'Devitt as Attorney-General. One reprobate declares he not long since heard Charley grind his teeth, and muttor "Skunk !" "Cod !" but I am sure he must have had a pair of the Ministerial pack in his eye at that moment. lt is too late in tho day uow, ho himself says, for Charley Lilley to turu Iris back upon thc Liberal Party, although their morals bc some- what tisby and their manners not attractive. lt would he unpardonable not to reprehend Handy for his latest political somersault, lt waa neatly done, but it has irretrievably ruined the Liberal Party anil thc country. Hail Handy remained staunch to the collar, Macalister might have driven him into the Crown Prosecutorsbip or some other equally desirable haven of bliss. Hut Handy was BO venial as to pay some regard to thc morality of politics ami thc necessities of thc country. Of course he was totally mistaken, for thc opinion of competent judges is that the country will uever go-,vhcad until it has undergone a good deal of initiation. When the Digings burst up, there is a chance for thc Have-nots, who would sink into hopeless despair if necessity compelled them to prac- tise industry and self- denial in the pursuit of glittering treasures. You sec, if Handy had only gone with the Liberals, he could have dropped into the promised billet with the consciousness of having reaped thc reward of patriotism. Hut as it is, he has sold himself and the people, and got nothing to show for it. Of all rogues, thc mau win neglects Number One is thc most contemptible. So, friend Handy, put that in your pipe and smoke it. I stand perfectly at case concerning thc general elections. There arc, I verily believe, dozens of candidates ready to bc offered up in this district alone. Mr. James Smith, 'tis said, fitly stands for Black all, or any other unwashed electorate, arid neither P. F., Harwell, nor any other bloated cormorant has the ghost of a chance against him. 1, at least, intend to vote for Jemmy, so he will poll one vote at worst. And I'm sure the almighty Press will support hun. Hasn't Mr. Smith promised to amend thc law of libel, and give the papers free telegrams Ï And hasn't he mule it all square with the Bnltelhi ! James, my man, your scat is safe. Wc shall send you triumphantly to Brisbane, if only to get you a Turkish bath. I always believed there was something good in you, and am ready to take au affidavit that a trip to Brisbane would bring it out. 1 mean to vote for Sandy, too. He has provod a regular brick, especially when seasoned with Battle-axe. There arc pooplo who accuse my poor old friend of changing his coat occasionally, but that is a wicked scandal. Why, some people charge Jemmy Smith with changing his shirt ! Atrocious slander ! But true patriots aro always martyrs, and I have no doubt that both Sandy and Jemmy will hurl back these imputations with contempt. If returned, 1 firmly believe they will be both " thoroughly independent members." I have hut one fault to find with Sandy Fyfe. Ile makes himself too cheap. Dou't think for a moment I mean to say that he ever sells himself for a fi."i note. Hy no means. His vote, I know, is priceless. Hut 1 notice him sometimes hobnobbing with and kontooiug to thc Bwells. The other day, at Brisbane, 1 saw him in a crowd, aud couldn't, fur the life nf me, distinguish him from the silver-tails. He was perfectly sober, well dressed, and respectable. , Now, ray good fellow, this sort of thing won't do. This Good Templarism will bc thc min of you. Total abstinence will be the death of j such fellows as you aud 1. Recollect which side your bread is buttered, my friend, niul don't indulge too freely in Enoggera. Take a littleninc(giuger) for thy stoinooh'ssakcand thy often iutinnities. Recollect our mutual friend J OHOS, who died from an ovcr- dosc of water, when he went to thc river to dilute his grog. Aud that reminds mc of another tiling, old fellow-avoid neat spirits. Mix and drink, not drink aud mix. j lt's against nature, and desti- uctive to moral principle, which is had, and injurious to the diaphragm, which is worse. Pshaw ! What's the in caning of all this fuss about His Persian Majesty ? Welcomed by a whole Hock of Royal princes, hurrahed by enormous and enthusiastic crowds, I should thiuk thc Shah thought himself mistaken fm old Darius or Xerxes, or sume other old identity nf immortal memory. Why, Persia of to-day isn't a shadow of her former self, amt ns for our good friend Nassr-cd-Din, lie is amere two-penny half-penny swell after all. I suppose this is another case of money making thc man, for the Shah rules a desert, inhabited by about four millions of mongrel specimens of humanity, upon whom His Majesty exercises the Divine art of financial phlebotomy. If this is Persian grandeur, I'd rather, the coin and diamonds excepted, be Mayor of Rockhampton, head conk at thc Criterion, or even Printer's Devil for thc ItnlMU. " Jlis Majesty the Shah "-Pshaw '. The scepticism of thc a-jc is exasperating. There are people who basely deny that the (¡arden of Eden is in the ncighliourliood of Rockhampton, although Clemuuts is ready to make affidavit that it is. 1 read thc T. S.'s report with great care and ingenuousness, and was obliged to accept his description of tlicCoin I mon Reserve as thc naked unadulterated truth. ¡ ( inc or two passages were pretty difficult to , swallow, but by " sitting on my knees " and fierseveriug, 1 managed to gulp it nil down. I larc heard of swallowing a camel, and always : thought it a, metaphorical expression until thc ] Commonage report came in my way. But 1 seriously, if people would tully go down and , Bec thu spot, and select their villa sites, 1 am positive they would recognise thc fidelity of Clements' description. It is an easy matter j to scoff, particularly at good things. ! Jjong before Anthony Trollope visited j j Rockhampton its good citizens had ! learnt how to blow. Rut there is ¡ one particular sort of blowing of which, I unfortunately for themselves, they were quite ignorant. Now, I am informed, thc " metro- polis of the north " lioasts of a citizen-intro- duced from Victoria, of course-who can literally blow a hurricane, and, what is more to the point, make money by thc practice. His name is Pcterkiu-more power to his elbow and may his bi-weekly blasts long continue to agitate the stagnant industrial atmosphere of our fair city Ï There are still people in thcworld who don't know what is good for themselves. Every- body wants something which would not bc food for his morals, his health, or his pocket. once knew a mau who took it seriously to heart when his friends out of pure kindness refused to transmogrify him into a guinea pig. lt is said he is better now, and grateful that judicious restraint was applied while thc fit was ou. BOOMERAH;. 