SUNDAY READING. Gleaniags from Light. *»ad Shadow. By Vue liev. E. W. Vanderleitte. " Wliero hum ihou gloaued to d.iy?"-Kutli ii. "WHAT if the reader should say, " A.b. but youd give us little shadow. Y .-.ur pictures are nearly | all of the rtuimy side of life, yr .ce reigniug through riyhLe"U.snei58 unto eternal life. Reader, "The love of (Jurist-," aud th< fruits of "the love of Christ" are iudeec precious themes : Lord I batiere were sinners moro Mian sands upon tin nceu.ii spore ; Thou tiixa; for uti a ransom paid, for ull a lull atonemeui mudo. Tet will I strive to be faithful, and spare nol to paint the truthful shadow. Fully do I be. lie ve tb at "the wicked shall be turned inte hell, and all the nations that forget God ' (Ps ix.) But you my reader, I will hope it charity, are not a despiser of (Jurist's " great salvation" (Heb. ii.) rather will I hope that you :-. Cline to the H*vionr your sins to hide, And clinv to lum as your r^st; As the liármele clines to the tall ship's side, And the child to ils mother's breast. Now if this be not your happy condition, give not 1 entreat you sleep to your eyes, nor slum ber to you eyelids until it be so. Hush at once along the pathways of " repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ " (Acts xx.) until you attain to this sunny side of life. Elsewhere-be warned- all is but nature's night, the darkness of damnation. THE GIPSIES OP LONDON. The missionary amongst the gipsies, who congregate during whiter in one of the suburbs of Loudon, writes very cheering ly-"a work of conversion and reformation is proceeding aaa ingsfc them." Fifty-four couples who were herding together inc mcubitiage, have become married. Tue prayer meetings of the converted gipsies are of the simplest kind. One said " O Lord, my son hus gone out to night with his fiddle. O Lord, have mercy upon him, aud chance his wicked heart." Another said "O Ljrd, thou knowest I used to put bad canes in the chairs, but, O Lord, help me and I won't do so uo more," The very marrow of religion is here. The changed heart puts bad canes in the chairs no more. These people, writes the city mÍ3Sonary, havegiveu up their drinking, swear ing, and nefarious practices, and regularly at tend the means of grace on Sundays. Praised be God for this work of grace amongst the poor gipsies. IVLay it increase. They are amongst the strugtjliing oues, and my deepest sym pathies flow towards snch. Amongst such see we indeed the battle of life, often the heroism of life, aud likewise the liberality of life. How often do we witness amongst such, the giving out of "psnury." which the Lord Jesus so justly extolled as the perfectiou of benevolence (Mark xii), himself the great Almighty exemplar of such giving, out of a voluntary humiliation, "that ye through his poverty might be rich,'' (2 Gor. viii.) that poverty on earth, of Him who was the Lord of heaven, closing with a sacrificial and vicarious death for us. (Luke xxiii ) I wish to write where my penuiugs reach the poor and struggling. But do the rich need no instruction? In deed they do. " A man s life,'' said the Lord Jesus " consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.' (Luke xii.) "Man," again said the Saviour, to Satan, " shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedethout of the mouth of God." (Matt, iv.) Wealth is often a sad obstruction to good in struction. There is that, in affluence, alas, which wea ves webs around its possessors, sadly opposed to the progress ot sincerity and faith- I ful dealing. " Wealth maketh many friends," (Prov, xix.) but let wealth see to their quality, even though they approach iu the garb of in structors. The rich are often less accessible to " right words," than the poor. To the latter the tract and the honest reproof may be at once handed through the opon door, but notso with the rich. 1 lie grave awaits us. and there " the rich and poor meet together.' (Pro. xxii.) What both need is the life of God in their souls (John xi. 25\. 2ö). The Lord for Christ's sake, by the Holy Spirit, shower that life on both. A CHINAMAN'S ILLUSTRATION OP CHRISTIAN INPLUENCE. More than glad am 1 that we have now a mission in Sydney to tim Chinese amongst us, and Í ask the reader's prayers for George Mackie Ah Len, our Chinese missionary, whose work and labours are of a deeply interesting character. But tho scene of my rve^ent anec dote is in our western district an «.ldfriend from whonce visited mo lately, and we sat and con versod on the subject of thc influence for good flowing from consistent Christian character. My frieud was speaking of a godly man re sident iu his neighbourhood, whoso delight was by precept and example, to endeavour to bring others to a saving knowledge of the Redeemer. !He lind been mnch associated with aChinauiau, andthisOhinarnan was alluding to this go .id man who had evidently found him a very diilioult subject to instruct. Not being an educated Obinanvin, it was uselons't o hand him portions of the scriptures iu the Chinese written language, for he could not read them. Again, he had mastered only a little pigeon English relating to the common affairs timi wants of life, and again his would-be instnetor could not speak any Chinese diale d, nt all. The tide of com-j munioittion between these two on religious mat ters wns therefore likely to bo at a very low i ebb. But nevertheless, the Chinaman strove to impreBs upon my friend, that somehow he wast deriving a very large amount of edification from this good man's companionship, with whom he had been splittiug and feucing, or en gaged íumultifarious bush work. The Chinaman evidently found a tremendous difliculty in making my f rifted understand what he wished to convey ; but he succeeded, and the gist of his information was this,-that he had attain ed to a thorough conviction that this person was a very good man, and that his goodness appeared to be exercising IL spell over him. in illustration of this fact, he gave my friend to understand, in a very unmistakable manner, that he had attained to the sinful r nglish ac cota, lishinent of swearing and profanelanguuge generally, but he weut on to state, that al though he could exercise this iniquity freely when various parties, whom he named, were present, that somehoio, he always felt restrain ed in this matter in the presence of this good mau. The » -hinaman in tais and other ways - for aOhinamau can be most ingeniously graphic -managed to make my friend comprehend the beneficial influence which Christian goodness was exercising over him. One isremiudedof that which is written. ' He that walketh with wise men shall be wise." (Prov, xiii.) and of many other passages of God's word amongst these, (Matt v.) " Ye are the li-ht of the world," OUR DUTY TO FOREIGNERS AND ABORIGINES. It is clearly our duty zealously to embrace every opportunity presented to us of placing the good news ot Christ's salvation before these nations of the earth dwelling in our midst, and these tribes who occupied the land we now hold in possession, long before the footfall of a white mau ever trod these Australian shores. The gospel, by divine command, is to be preach ed to " every creature," (Matt. xxiv. Hark xvi) and duty, we remember, remains duty, inde pendent of results, but then results in many cases have been most encouraging, and would, uo doubt have been far more so, hadsuch efforts been made moi-e persistently and on a more com mensurate scale. I have particulars of a con siderable number of aboriginals who have given evidence of the possession of converting grace, and I remember various Chinamen, of whom the same could he said. To the existing aboriginal stations of Coran derrk in Victoria, and Poonindie in South Australia, Mr. Daniel Matthews, a pious lay man near Echuca, Victoria, (but within this colony,) is now making a very praise worthy effort to add a third training establish ment for juvenile aboriginals, and we pray that his efforts may meet with all the pecuniary sup port they need, and be blessed with very large spiritual results. THE " LONDON" AND THE " NORTHFLEET." GRASP "THE TRUE RICHES." Yes reader do. Whatever you let go, grasp these, I will not ask you a question, but suffer the Lord Jesus Christ to do so. Hear ye Him, " For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, aud lose his own soul ? or what :3hall a man give in exchange for his soul ? For the bon of Man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels ; and then he shall reward every man according to his works." (Matt, xvi.) Perhaps your eye felt soft at the terible calamity of the Northfleer. The Graves end missionary of the British and Foreign Sailors' Society writes respecting his visit to the ill- fated vessel. " Though some were smo king, and some playing cards, 1 felt quite en couraged by the atteutiou paid by about fifty of the men, whilst I eudeavoured to make plain to them the way of salvation, and pointed out to them the blood of Jesus, as the fountain opened tor all sin and uncleanness. Jn the married peo ple's compartment, I addressed them from the words of our Saviour, " Uost thou believe on the son of God?" (John ix.) At the con clusion I wits anxious to find if there were auy believers ainong them, but had no reason to hope there were many." Would that all these could have spoken like the poor servant lost in the London, who fouud peace with God through Jesus at a revival meeting in the great metropolis, shortly before she sailed and who wrote that touching lefter, published at the time, speaking so sweetly ©f her experience, in which she quotes those beautiful lines : Home of inv soul on high. My Father's house how near; At times to tait h's tar-seeing eye. Thv golden gates appear. Yes, deai' reader, grasp the " True r-ches," of which Jesus spake, (Luke, xvi.) and what meant our blessed Lord by these, but the way of faith, and trust in his osvn most precious blood and l'ighteonsness, of which the hymn so well carols : Jesu« thv BI"or' and righteousness, My henuty are, my glorious dross: Midst Haming worlds, in tlie«e urruy'd, With joy shall I lift up my head." Bold shall I stand itt thai great day. For who aught to my charge shall lay ? Whilst hy Thy blood itflbolv'd I am. From sin and fear, from guilt and shame When from tho dust ot'doith I rise, Tn claim my mansion in tho «kins, Even then,-this shall tie all my plea, Jesus hath lived, but li died for me, A PRAYER. O, God, whoso blessed ^on was manifested that he might destroy the works of tho devil, and make us the sons of God, and heirs of eternal life; grant us, wo beseech Thee, that, having this hope, we may purify ourselves even as he is pure ; that when ho shall appear again, with power and groat glory, we may be made like unto him in his eternal and glorious kingdom ; where with thoo, C Father, and thee, O Holy Ghost, he liveth and roigneth, ever one God world without end. Amen.* #Collect for Seventh Sunday after Ohrletman. 