BUSS MYSTERIES. The Australian bush by moonlight and more especially those barren tracts or stony-ridges where the white gum is the prevailing vegeta- tion, has a strangely weird and unearthly aspect, even to the eye of the most matter-of- fact and prosaic wanderer. The great trees, with their contorted, naked, boney-looking limbs, twisted and turned in every direction, look like gigantic ghosts indulging in a frantic corroboree. Moon- light scenes of this kind have a strange fasci- nation for imaginative people, and especially for children ; and it is not at all improbable that the singular feelings of fear and attraction, dread and curiosity, thus awakened, have been the cause which has induced many imaginative children to wander away into the bush "in the gloaming," and thus lose themselves. Jenny Morgan was a little girl of a very deli- cate and sensitive organisation, and her mind was of a highly imaginative nature. She was an only child, and had been takeu by her par- ents, when little more than an infant, to a remote clearing, where her mother was her only female companion, and having no children to converse or play with, Jenny very naturally fell into the habit of making friends of the dumb creatures and inanimate objects around her. Great natural timidity, joined to her mother's strict injunctions, prevented her from ever enter- ing the bush, consistly mostly of gigantic white gums, which bordered the flat on which her father's little farm was situated. Mrs. Morgan died, and Jenny was left quite alone the greater part of her time. She was a beautiful and intelligent, but strange little creature. Next to her mother she loved a little pet cow, and when she had in some degree recovered from the shock of her parent's death, Jenny naturally bestowed her affection more than ever upon Biddy, the cow. At last, one day, Biddy was missing, and Jenny was inconsolable. Her dread of the bush, and the wicked giants, which she believed the great white gum trees to be, alone prevented her from going in search. Her father, when he returned from his work in the evening, tried in vain to persuade her that Biddy would come back before morning. She was inconsolable, and as her father could deny her nothing, he at length, although tired with a long day's work, consented to go in search of Biddy. It was sunset, but the full moon was rising, and the scene, although very loaely, was very beautiful. "We'll soon find you pet, my puppet," said Mr. Morgan. "Oh, let me go with you, father." "You would be tired to death, my blossom." "But I must go with you to find Biddy, father. Poor Biddy all alone in the bush," and as the child said it she shuddered and burst out crying. "That sad bush! all so silent and still; those grey old trees 1 what a place for poor Biddy to be ill in." "Father," the child whispered, after thinking for a moment, " the sly trees are always having bad secrets, 1 know. They're afraid to speak plain in the day time ; but at night they mutter and moan sometimes as if they knew all kinds of naughty things. Poor dear old Biddy out there with those wicked old trees. She'll go mad, father. I must go with you father to look for her. She'd have looked after me, I'm sure she would." "You shall go with me, my blossom," said the bushman. "Tie on your bonnet, my little woman, and cheer; your cheeks are quite wet." Saddling his horse, he swung himself on its back, lifted up his little girl behind him, and cantered off into the bush, of which his daughter was afraid even when her little arms were tight around her father's waist. She did not know whether she was more afraid of the bush as she saw it by day or as she fancied it by night. When she woke up in her little cot on a stormy night and thought of the great sea of moaniug wood that spread dusky or moonlit all around their little clearing, she glanced fear- fully at the window as if the bush must be angrily ordering her to get up and come out to it. But it beckoned to her in the daytime also, only she thought more slily, and perhaps she dreaded it most then because it was so sly, beckoning her with its long arms when her father was out of the way, or so that he could not see it. She often talked to her friend Biddy about the wicked trees beekoning her to come where her mother used to say she must not go. But sometimes when her father was away and the bush had been beckoning very hard, she could not help sidling up to it as is if she were being drawn to it. She did not want to go near it, but somehow it made her. Sometimes even she had been drawn into the bush a little way, and then had rush d back in terror to the house, or to Biddy in the paddock, to fling her arms around her neck and cling to her and sob as if her little heart were breaking, until the sweet-breathed old cow somehow managed to comfort her. The thought that her kind friend had got into her enemy's power made Jenny very miserable and very brave. It would be so mean she thought to stay at home and do nothing for her friend. And then perhaps she thought too—not quite so bravely—what she would do if she staved at tome, and the bush began to beckon when her father and Jenny were both away. Much as she dreaded the bush, moreover, she could not help thinking that it would be pleasant to go right into it if it could not hurt her. She was almost sure the bush was afraid of her father because it often beckened behind his back. However she was not quite sure, because her father talked as if something terrible might happen to her if she wandered into the bush ; but still he went into it himself and came out of it, and the bush never hurt him ; and so she half made up her mind that it would not dare to hurt her so long as she held on tight to her father. Holding very tight they cantered in the bright moonlight into the mysterious territory, which was a slily wicked person to her. If the horse bad not cantered, there would have been no breeze. The ragged bark of the grey gum trees hung motionless in the dreaming moon light. Their metallic leaves latticed the red cracked ground and great boils of ant hills with lines of shadow that did not move an hair's breadth. The scrub, the colour of a seedy rifle- man's uniform, was so still that it seemed to have been sufibcated by its own aroma. The silver-gray logs with which the chapped earth was littered looked as if they had laid there for ever. The trees stood further apart; there was far more light in the bush than Jenny had ex- pected, but thatlight had such a bewitching look that she grew she more aft aid of the bush than ever. Everything was strangely still. The hum of insects could no longer be heard, and the sound of their horse's hoofs on the dry leaves and brittle branches seemed to make the other silence the more spell-bound. A black snake writhed noiselessly out of the horse's way, aud a jewel-eyed little Jizard slipped back blithely into its hole without making a sound of even one dry leaf against another. A hang-dog looking dingo turned on his heels and slunk back into the scrub as silently as he came out of it. The hush that the horse's hoofs alone were left to break appeared more trance-like than ever. The bush in its quiet way soon began to beckon to Jenny, so she thought, that had not its spell of silence been on her, too, she would have shrieked to her father to gallop home. "I've got you'in and now I'll keep you," was what she thought the bush seemed to say. "You're very proud of your father; you pretend to be very fond of him, and very much afraid of me, but see if I don't make you run away from him to me. You -really came to see me, and not to look after Biddy, you know." When the bush whispered all that, with a wink, poor little Jenny hugged her father so hard that he pulled up his horse, and said— "You're fagged out, my little one. Here, I'll take you before me, ray wee woman, and we'll go home at once. Old Biddy must find her own way home." Little Jenny felt courage when she sat be- tween her father's big brown arms, and when she got there she got there she would not hear of giving up the search for Biddy. "O please father, go on looking," she said. "Don't let poor dear old Biddy stay out in the nasty bush all night." The bushman smoothed the wet curls out of his little daughter's eyes, patted the top of her little bonnet soothingly, gave her an affectionate squeeze with his long wrists, and thus humoring her, went on looking for the cow. They hunted here, they hunted there, and all the time the bush seemed to keep ou beckoning when Jenny turned her head, and whispering more and more mysteriously. At last she thought the bush said, "You'll never find Biddy if you don't ride behind your father, and look out one way whilst he looks out the other. I'll kill Biddy; but of course I shall tell her that it was really you who killed her." Jenny was too frightened to tell her father what the bush had said; but she asked him— the bush winking wickedly all the while to let her sit behind him again. Oh how she held on to him when he had arranged tne little pad for her on the crupper. He did not notice how she clung to him, because he had lost most of his last night's rest, and so was getting sleepy. He began to nod once, and presently having nodded almost into his horse's mane, he drew rein and said— "It's no use going any farther, Jenny; we must go back now." They were at the top of a lonely stony ridge then, on which it seemed strange that even the few gum-trees, comparatively dwarfish as they were, could have managed to grow so high. He nodded off again as he pulled his horse's head round. As they rode down the ridge Jenny saw what she had never seen before—a great iguana—a gigantic lizard nine or ten feet long, with scales the colour of brown mud, and a tail like a great whip lash, a wasted, wrinkled cheeked, big-head lizard, with eyes warily wicked and cunning. It was noiselessly clam- bering up a gum-tree, putting out its hideous lantern-jawed bead now on this side, now on that. Presently it stopped, and sullenly stared at Jenny, measuring her with its bright, wicked eyes. They were the bush's eyes for her, and at last their horrible attraction had become too powerful for her to resist. Silently she dropped from the horse, and wandered away into the still, dreamy solitude. Her father rode on, and did not miss her until he raised himself with a shiver, as a dark cloud obscured the moon. The bushman went back to the last place in which he was sure that Jenny had been with him, but he could not find her. He cooed, but there came no answer. The bushman's heart was fit to break. He knew that there was little use in hunting for his little girl in the dark, and yet he could not keep still. Round and round he rode, until he could scarcely keep his eyes open. He then resolved to light a fire, and thought it might just possibly be the maans of bringing Jenny back to him. "May God guard my pet," he sobbed ; and then, tired out, he fell asleep. Weary with toil and sorrow he slept until an hour after sunrise. And what did his eyes open on ? There was little Jenny trying to milk Biddy into his quart pot. The pair of friends looked quite gay, for round Biddy's horns and her own hat Jenny had twined bush flowers wet with dew. "Oh, father," she cried, " the poor bush isn't wicked at all. It took me through to Biddy, and she was so glad to see me ; and the bush has been so kind to us both all night. It doesn't do bad things in the night, but it wakes up and moans—that's saying its prayers—and then it goes to sleep again. I shall never be afraid of the bush any more."—Town and Country. 