American News, Via San Francisco. [From the Herald's American Letters.] New Yokk City, Octoube 1, 1872. I hate something' to tell you of special interest to \- Australians. As you remember, the service of the Union Pacific Railroad last winter was something ? ?utterly intolerable. TrainB were at times snowed up for weeks together, and the unfortunate passengers ?were Btarved -with cold and hunger. The mails also '-were absurdly unreliable ; letters have, on one or two occasions, taken seven weekB, instead of one, to cross the continent. But during the coming winter the company have promised that no such delays and an noyances shall occur, and I for one, remembering that the men who govern its affairs are the same men who originally omit me roaa ai we rare 01 irom two 10 ten miles a day, have no doubt that if they choose to do so, they can keep their word. It is, at any rate, cer tain that enormous sums have been spent this summer in putting up embankments along the worst portions of the road as a protection against the snow. I would now, however, recommend anyone to personally come either to New York or Europe by this route, between November and March, for the discomforts of a mid winter journey to a man accustomed to the mild Australian climate must be terrible, but I think the road will be reasonably reliable for letters. What a lucky people you Australians are to have eo comparatively harmless and easily -exterminable a lace of aborigines ! Oar aborigines, on the contrary, seem perfectly inexhaustible in numbers. Just now they are again giving us a great deal of trouble. Hitherto, two forms of policy have alternately been adopted by the American Government towards the 41 noble Ted r.ian.' The first iB to starve him. into war . by sending him no supplies either of food or blankets, and by general ill-treatment, and then to kill him off at a lively rate in a vigorous cruBade of extermination. The second form amounts to the same thing in the «r.d. It is to give him but little food or blankets, and plenty of arms and ammunition. Then, of course, the savage again declares war, and there is another crusade of extermination. But tkese forms of policy liave not, of course, been deliberately resolved upon. The trouble is the difficulty of getting honest Go vernment agents to distribute the supplies granted by Congress to the Indians. Every kind of man has been tried, and they have, with the rarest possible ex oeptums, all proved wanting. There must be something in the air of the primeval wilderness very destructive to a. man's moral principle, for the moment he gets out there he begins to steal everything within his reach. . The agents, therefore, invariably thieve from the Indians— that is, they stint them of their stipulated relief under the articles of the treaty, and of course the Indians prefer to die in the heat of combat to perishing of the slow agonies of starvation. General Orant, who in his younger days served several years on the PlainB, has, however, in loyal earnest endea Toured to wipe away this reproach to us as a people, and has exhausted every means to secure to the poor xemnants of this noblest of savage races fair and j ust treatment. Just now there are no less than tifty chiefs in Washington who have been brought on to confer with the Great Father, and it is intended that this visit ehall be an annual one, even in time of war, and that thus an opportunity may be given the . . Indian to personally plead his case and obtain redress of their grievances. And really the poor ?oreatuies seem substantially grateful for even this late measure of justice. It is true there is now a guerilla ?war on the Plains, but it is chiefly with the out lawed members of the various tribes, not with any ?one family of Indians, the Apaches and Comancb.es excepted. And lately, some even of the tribes regarded^ irreclaimably savage and untamable have asked for a donation of farming implements and seeds, and seem to sincerely desire to till the soil and become civilized. October 27. In literary circles, the most important recent event ihas been the coming of Mr. James Anthony Froude (?to lecture to us on Irish history. Our Celtic citizens make so much noise that Froude may well be pardoned for having at first doubted whether he would not be imobbed, if he told what he believed to be the truth. ajut he was so strongly encouraged by prominent Americans to come that he at last took his risk of being rotten- egged, or perhaps murdered, He has jiow delivered his full course of five lectures, and there xtaa not once the faintest approach to disturbance, although he gave the Catholic Church every now and then some pretty severe hits. In spite of high rates, 4oo, the hall was full every night, and the five lectures -realised no less than 8000 dollars, half of which, or dE800, went to the historian. Really, I think that .-fihows that we are not bo utterly lost to the claims of the ♦' higher literature ' as we are sometimes accused ?of being. When did a course of lectures ever realise «b much in England ? Not even Pepper's ghost, I *uspect, was half as profitable. But Froude deserves Tail the money and fame he will get. He has reminded the American people of many wholesome historical truths— for instance, that it was the Protestant Irishmen of the North who sympathised with the cause of American independence and free government, ?while the Catholics of the South and West were drawing up servile addresses of loyalty to King ?George HI. Another point he insiBted upon again and again was tha\ the Irish landlords were respon sible for Irish misery and suffering, and that it was a political misfortune that this same baleful influence of a landed aristocracy having until lately held the Teins of power in England, it had been impossible for ? the Irish peasant to obtain redress in the national ^Parliament. But «ow, says Mr. Froude, a great and salutary change has been brought about. The Irish landlords have practically been suppressed by Mr. Gladstone's Land Act of three years ago, and in ^England the landed aristocracy are on a last trial. If they wish1 to survive as an institution, they must remember that a privileged class can exist only by ' ' exhibiting Spartan virtue. Its members must prefer noble and conscientious endeavour to the pleasures of self-indulgence. They must depend for their political supremacy, not upon their wealth, but upon their patriotism. To us, living in America, this seems strangely radical doctrine to come from a great Englishman; but, of coarse, it is an echo of the spirit of the1' American Constitution, and comtnen eurately pleasing to us. . Three other English lecturers have also arrived ? among us— Professor Tyndall, Miss Emily Faithfull, ? and Edmund Yates. Mr. Yates has, been a failure ; be has, a good delivery, but nothing to say that -interests us— merely Jenkins's disclosures of the ' private life and habits of a half a dozen great authors, tmo have honoured him with their friendship. This : ?does very -well for the padding of magazines, but does not pay in the American Lyceum. Professor Tyndall flias not yet lectured, but he will undoubtedly draw full houses. Miss Faithfull has appeared once, and :* ire were all pleased with her. She intends to make ?quite a lengthy stay on this side of the Atlantic, and ? she cannot fail to be successful. And by the way, the women's rights folks have just embarked in a new line of enterprise. You know, of course, that we have lady lawyers, doctors, clergy ?women, and stockbrokers. We have now got .a gt€«t ladj- merchant— Madame Desmoreat, who edits the Woman's Journal. Some time ago she started the Woman's Tea Company for importing a pure article by exclusively feminine agency, and this proved so successful pecu niarily that ehe has now ventured to send out a ship of her own to China to bring bark a cargo of congou and silks. Plucky, isn't it. No one can help wish ing her well. The immigration of distinguished Europeans this year threatens to be something wonderful. Besides thoBe I have already referred to, Professor Pepper is going to bring his ghost ; Dr. Ludwig Baschner, the apostle of German materialism, and the author of ?? Force and Matter,' the moBt popular compendium of such doctrines, is already -here ; and Gerome, the great French painter, will arrive in a week or two. Already we begin to talk about rivalling London and Paris as a centre of art and letters, and as we grow rich there is a very marked improvement in the character of American society. Millionaires are now as plenty as blackberries, and it is no longer possible to gain notoriety by simple ostentation. The f ishion able thing to do now is to form a sort of literary and artistic court, and play the Maecenas. As an illustration of this ten dency, I may mention that we have now no less than four literary and art clubs, all of which are very successful. The Century is the oldest, and its roll of membership is limited to three hundred, and there are generally a list of one or two hundred newly elected members waiting for somebody to kindly die and leave a vacancy. It is very rich also, and owns over 400,000 dollars worth of property. The other three clubs have sprung up within the last three years. The Palette is mainly composed of artists or art patrons, and has over six hundred members and a fine house in an out-of-the-way location. The Lotos has a large membership and is prosperous, but a little disreputable, as it has been captured by that class of small literary men, who think dissipation to be, a necessary companion of genius, and believe in sitting up all night to play poker and boston. The last, the Arcadian, is only five months old, but it has better quarters, and is better furnished than any of the others, except perhaps the Century. It already num bers nearly three hundred members, and does not owe a cent. Perhaps such indications of American pro gress may interest you, for they are developments which will certainly also break happily out in Syd ney when you have got a little richer and more numerous. After a year's struggle in the Courts, the net of justice is closing more and more upon the thieves of the Tammany Ring. When they were first detected, most people thought they would essape with the mere d if grace of exposure. But it now looks more than piobab'e 'hat Tweed will go to the State prison, and Fields and Connolly have both run away, and forfeited the enormouB bail under which they were at large. Mayor (Hall's trial is now progressing, and as the indictment merely charges 'criminal negligence,' and as that is already clearly made out, it is thought more than likelv that the culprit will to- morrow plead guilty, especially as there is no strong feeling against him, and the extreme penalty is only a year's imprison ment, and a thousand dollar fine. No one believes now that Hall corruptly made money ; he simply let other people steal without interruption. Meanwhile, corruption in other cities has been terribly punished. A Chicago alderman, convicted of taking a bribe, has.got five years in the Illinois Peni tentiary. ; and a contractor in Jersey city has been sentenced to a year 'with hard labour. Public plunderers receive scant mercy from a jury, I can tell you ; and it seems as though we were entering upon a reasonably pure political era. The English emigration to America is now as suming tremendous proportions, and it looks as though we were about to Bee an influx of Englishmen to this country as great as the exodus of the Irish from 1849 to 18£5, or of the Germans within the past ten years. During the last three months, 18,000 English emigrants have landed at Castle Garden, and only 5000 Irish. The more that come, the more there will- come, as every emigrant is merely a prospecting avant courier of a small army. And they will be singularly welcome. Americans ' are a little jealous of Irish supremacy, and though they respect the Germane very highly, they would, I think, at heart prefer their own original branch of the great Teutonic rape. While, therefore, they regret that England is just now passing through a season of adversity, they will not be sorry if it results in a satisfactory flow of Englishmen to this country. We continue some interesting items of news by the California mail, prepared by correspondents :— ' : THE VEBSIDBNTIA.Ii ELECTION. For some weeks previous to the 6th November— the day appointed for the polling of votes in the Presidential elec tion—the whole of tbe United States was in a condition of violent agitation. Political enthusiasm was so rampiut that for the time being even the agreeable work of accumu lating dollars became a businees of minor importance. With a happy knack of getticg up a tremendous excitement on the slightest provocation, and with a thorough oonvio tion that this election afforded them a very strong provoca tion indeed, the Americans Boon worked themselves up to a patriotio sever. Yet the contest was from the first a very ?'hollsw affair.' Nine people oat of tea regarded tae Baltimore nomination as a mere faroe, in which Horace Grceley was cast for a part that he was by no means com petent to undertake. And though, as a matter of course, the people were split into parties under the leadership of politicians who cursed all other politicians, their works, and then* words with astonishing heat, there seemed to casual spectators of the fight but email reason for the rancorous deputes of these enthusiasts. There was a strong family likeness between the Grant principles and the Greeley principles. A stranger coming suddenly upon the battle-ground with no foreknowledge of the con testing parties, and judging only from the battle -ories of each, would have had some difficulty in distinguishing one from the ether. '11b tme that General Grant, the then President of the United States, was the chozan cham pion of the Republicans; and that Mr. Horace Greeley, of the Kew York Tribune, fought at the heal of the Liberal Democrats. Bat fierce as was the warfare between these parties, there was yet a pleasant unanimity of feeling on national questions. They were both intensely patriotio. Both bated unprinoipled f aotiona, misrule, andgorruption ; both believed the country to be in the throes of a orisis ; its institutions in danger of demolition; its star-spangled banner about to be trailed through the mud. Both had a most encouraging oonfidenoe in the 'right feeling- of the masees '—a beautiful trustfulness in the righteousness of their 'cause '—a never-failing oertainty that the voice of the people always spoke the truth, and never erred— an heroic determination to save the nation or perish in the attempt— and a supreme contempt for each other. Their political principles properly so oalled-that ia to Bay their general theories of Government— were identical. They were both ready at any moment to sacrifice their time, and health, and money, and 'hearts' blood' for the good of the country should the country requite those articles for any purpose whatever. They were particularly free in offeruy their M heart's blood.' Their manifestoes and speeches wars so much elika that by ? simple transposition oC anathemas and eulogioms, a Bepablioan oration might have done duty in a Liberal Democratic meeting. A Republican in fact was, to all intents and purposes, a Liberal Democrat in all his opinions— «ve only in his opinion of the Liberal Democrats. Mot only was the strong resemblance between these parties puzzling to outsidere, bat even those parsons whs wera within the ring and fighting among .the fiercest, could not explain the real basis of the quarrel. Question six Be publicani at to the political beliefs wherein they differed from the Liberal Democrats, and yon would get six different end contradictory answers. Ask half-a-dozen Democrats why they fought so furiously against Uw ro-aldotion of. General Gnat, 6od you would hew. as many reasons, and at once a* hi re yourself that not one of them oali be reconciled with any other. But after diligent enquiry and research— after a patient patting of this and that to gether, er-d a close scrutiny of the eayings and doings of each ^arty— I have hit upon tbe real point at fssae between tLem. The Republicans insisted upon Amerioi being coverb'd by true-born Americans; the Liberal Democrats desired that all foreigners living under the Amerioan flig ebcu'd have a finger in the Administrative pie. Ho'.ding theee viess, ths Kepoblicans who have had the sway for roroe years denounced the Democrats as ' traitors,' while the Democrats, cnriged at their rivals' long enjoyment of the eweeU of office, stigmatised the RepubucauB ai ' robbers ' Thus, when a Demoorat addressed an assem blage of bis fellow citisais, he invariably charged General GraLtwith plundering the country, enriching his friends and supporters, end developing a wonderful aptitude for pUferirg : and when a Republican strove to convinoe the people of the righteousness of /-!* crnse, he always aalled Gieelty a trator who, not content with betraying his f liinds, desired to denationalise the country, and deuver it into tbe hands of foreigners. \- There were enthusiasts who plunged into the fight under the conviction that it partook very muoh of the nature of (he great struggle between North and South— who insisted that Greeley was on the eide of the Southern party, who wished every Btate to have an independent voice In the dis tribution of expenditure; and that Grant was a thorough Republican, upholding the Union, and calling all attempts on the part of individual States to stick up for their right* — rebdhW These people believed that a Democratic triumph would be followed by the assassination of Greeley, and another civil war. Bnt I couldn't believe anything of the kind. The Republicans and tbe Democrats on the whole heeded not these things, bat fought on personal grounds, or perhaps for the sake of excitement. ?It must be admitted, however, that the patriotism of both there parties wbb not, wholly free from the taint of sordid influences. Each bad its army of place-men and place hunters. On tbe one eide were the thousands of officials who had got hold of (he publio purse, and wera averse to letting it go; and on the other were the hosts of offioe. seekers, who fought furiously in the hope that fat Judge ebipe, snug sinecures, and other pleasant prizes would be the premitt of victory. And in connection with this aspect of the matter, it may be observed that there was a considerable seotion of the community who wished things to remain as they were— who were averse to tbat general clearing out of the publio offices, and con ferring of billets upon new men, which always follows a charjge of Administration in America. This party voted with the Republican*, and were very plain spoken as to their motives for bo doing. ' We don t want any change,' they said- and I have heard them say it frequently, ' The men wfeo are in have had four years stealings. They've robbed pretty well as nraoh as they want. Guees, if we send in a new lot, they'll have to rob as muoh in their four years as the old ones would have ia eight.' This was Bound philosophy, and of two evils these gentlemen wisely choee the least. , I will not say that the astonishing virulenoe of the oan ' te$t which ifi j ust over was due to the self-interested motives of tke contestants. That would be giving the lie direot to thousands of eloquent professions of unadulterated love of country, and of utter indifference to pecuniary considera tions. I will merely eay, that from some cause or other not apparent on tbe surface of things, the contest was viru lerit to moh a degree aa would utterly confound any Aus tralian electorate. If the United States had been ones more the arena of a civil war, and the strifes of words had been bloody battles, there could not have been a greater commotion throughout the land. The towns and oities were ablaze with illuminations , and torohlight processions. Night after night there were each display a of fiieworis as suggested the supposition that pyrotechnists must make rapid fortunes in America. Election touts and canvassers pervaded society, disputing in hotels, taking captive bewildered steamboat passengers, routing tbe wits and principles of railway travellers, en gaging in fierce skirmishes with the politioal enemy, exploding conversational mines under the feet of unwary ' tourists, firing off ihose great guns Grant and Greeley at all times and places, and, metaphorically speaking, oarrying fire and sword info the homes of even the quietest non combatants in this wonderful war. Armies of martyrs to public duty sprang up as if by magic, and maroned upon the f oeB of the country with irresistible f erooity. Orators prated themselves at street corners and nightly kept up fut ictus volleys of invective, anathema, and slander, beneath which tbe characters of Greeleyites or Grantites/^s the case might be, fell riddled in the midet of heaps of slaughtered etntaz. Inflammatory speeches, libellouely desoriptive of General Grant's private life, and the careers of all his reU tione, or sarcastically referring to ' Greeley' e old white bat,' resounded on all sides. There was each a brick -and continual *flre of epithets, aoousa- done, curees, sarcasms, and jokes, that an Un biassed listener might well be exoused for ranking publio robbety and slander among Amerioan institutions. Placards on every wall invited the rank and file of Grreelevs ' Army of Honesty and Reform ' to strike a blow for the country, or on the ' Grant Invinoibles ' , to strangle toreaofcery. There waB an immense display of the stars and stripes ; they waved in the wind, where there was any, on every tide — from ropes stretched across the streets, from poles on boose roofe, from windows of political clubs. The men who walked in the processions not only carried minia ture editions of the flag, but bad likenesses thereof painted on tbe Chinese lanterns that they bore. The stars and stripes were almost as prominent in the dispute as the candidates. Orators appealed to them, the people cheered them, professional singers chanted hymns to them, poets apostrophised triers, and partizans of the one party con tinually 'thanked their stars' that they were not par tisans of the other party. It ia bewildering to me to reflect upon the miles upon miles of patriotio banting whioh America spread to the breeze on this great oooaeion. And when one considers that wherever there was a flag, there vas s*vte to be a crowd of more or less excited politicians — that tfceiw ?fi8 from day to day a constant bustle, turmoil, and hurry -akurry— and tbat the towns and cities, what with jubilees, mass meetings, choruses, trumpetings, pro cessions, bonfire*, and street rows,.were kept in a con tinual fever, one might almott have imagined that at the close of the rally, half of the combatants would gladly teize the first opportunity of lying down and dying in peace. I was in San Francisco daring the greater part of the time that the election was in progress, and on the day of polling. It was curious to note the semi- military organiza tion of the different parties, and the systematic way in which tbe whole country was canvassed. Mr. Greelej; being associated in his candidature with Sir. Benjamin G. Wilson who stood for the position of Vioe-President, there were ' Greeley and Brewn Clubs ' in every Municipal Ward, 'Greeley and Brown central committees' in every town, end 'Democratic head quarters' in every State. So on the other eide, the election of Mr. Henry Wilson being in volved in the candidature of General Grant, there were the Grant and 'Wilson club*, the central committees and tha State Republican headquarter?. You oould not walk down a street without encountering a oonple of' gigantic countenances, staring vacantly at you oat of a huge transparency, and purporting to be faithful likenesses of Grant and tPilson. If yon turned the comer, yon would find a eimilar brace of portraits of Greeley and Brown railing down at yon from the first floor windows of some' Democratic club-room. These transparencies were very numerous. I was not much impreeaed 'with their valae as portraits. I won't eay that the artists rendered them* eelves liable to aotioof for fibeL Bat it oertainly did occur to me on inspecting these works of art, either that American statesmen were afflioted with a remarkable kind of top-heavineea, or that tha Amerioan painters considered that a hideously abnormal development - of brain represented vast mental power. Messrs. want, Wilson, Greeley, and Brown all seemed to have water on the brain. All bad big heads, luge eyes, and saoh a broad grin, that they appeared to be laughing at ev-h ether. The pictures in question were in all oases the standards under whioh the contending armies fought, and they embellished the places of rendezvous for the various divisions. The 'i Grant Invinoibles,' beuur' called together for a night march, assembled in their several ward clubs, donned their uniforms (capes of white enamelled cloth, on whioh ths words ' Grant's Invindbles ' were blazoned in red letters, exd caps to match), had Chinese lanterns, flags, and several rounds of roman candles served oat to them, and, forming fours, marched, tyva to the BepubUoaa head-nairters, There they met with other divisions of tiie ' Iaviaoible ' I orces, and, usually about 1600 strong, paraded tha streeta I for two or three hours firing off their reman oandles, way- I i»gfteir.fiagBfand cheering wildly. The Greeleyites did I the same ; and almost every night one party or the other I .nizied ont in this way, attended by bands of music, and £ creating e. furore in the oity such as might be caused by ? the triumphal entry of invading foeB. On ttiese occasions § there were huge bonfires blazing in the prinoipal strests ; I and as the pavements were for the most part wooden, while | tbe bearers of the fireworks aimed nearly all their bnrning I balls at tbe windows of the homes, sometimes sending their I green and red globes of fire through the oieements, | be various insurance companies mast have had rather an 1 anxious time. TheBe duplaya were ooasiderei grand. A I stxoBff turn ont of ihe Republicans was regarded almost I as eonl- stirring as a brilliant victory. To me, the files of | patriots promenading in their absurd unu orrafl a»*d aover- ? ng themselves with pyroteobnio glories, looked rather 1 foolish. I bad an idea that the Sydney boys would have 1 'guyed' such an exhibition had it showed itself ia 1 George-Etreet. Bat I was told that it ' warmed up' the ? patriotism of the people, and kept «he men of the several ? lartiee together. This might have been true to a certain I extent. Yet, as tbe same faces frequent y appeared ia g both Republican and Demooratio ranks, and as it was 1 popularly understood tbat each man who joined a procession g received half a dollar per night, it seemed to me- that the g armies were composed for the meat part of mercenaries who ? weuld have fought under any banner for i email oonsidera- H ticn. The Marshal of Invinoibles— ib«y had a complete H Bteff of officers with military . titles— toi«l me that one of Eg tkefe displays cost the party about 2000 dollar*. W The poNtoS was conductea with singular quietude. M There were no placarded cabs rushing about the streets m conveying voters to the poll. There was no noise or ex- 1 citemint. Save for the crowds around the polling-plaoes, g tie touts effering election ticketa, the oocasioaal outbursts ? of enthusiasm from the various oommittee rooms, one m wruld hardly have known that any election was going on. p The system of pelling w«b very diffarent from oura. Touts H were not allowed to approach within a hundred feet of tha ffi polling-places. Voters were compelled to get their ballot- B papers at their committee rooms, to fold them four times B across, to find out their own numbers on uie great Re- B aiefer beforehand (a task of eome diffioalty, inasmuch as H the names on tbat Register are neither alphabetically ? arranged nor conEeoutively numbered), and to deposit ? tbeir votes in the ballot-boxes publicly. It la worthy of B notice that, though the nameB of Grant, Wilson, Greeley, m and Brown were tbe only names prominently plaoed before m tbe public, none of those names appeared on the ballot- m papers. The Preeident of the United States iB not put ia j§ office by tbe direot votes of the people, but by m the votes of certain pertons who are eleoted by raj the people, and who are oalled ' presidential electors.' M Fach-gtate is required to choose a certain number of Praia- B dential electors in proportion to its population, and on the H cereens eo chosen devolves the duty of eleoting the ProBi- H dent In the State of California there were six Presidential M electors end one mr mber of Congress to be voted for, eo M that on eaoh ballot paper there were seven names. Baoh 1 party had its own set of candidates, but none of the Demo- tj cratio names appeared on a Republican ticket, or vice versa. | Voters were not, as is the case with Australians, furnished 1 with a ballot paper containing the names of all the oandi- I date*, and directed to strike out the names of persona for I whom they did not choose to vote. They went to one of 1 the committee-rooms of their party, obtained there the j ' ticket ' of their party, and deposited that tioket in tha I ballot-box. If they desired to vote against any candidate, § they eimply wrote hiB name at the foot of the ticket. No I erating of names was permitted. Sometimes a voter wrote JJ en his paper that be was 'against tbe granting of tha ? Coloredo Railroad tubsidy '—a looal question ; but there ffl ha dispute amongst tbe American lawyers as to whether m the writing on a ballot-paper, of anything beyond the name El of a candidate objected to, does not vitiate the vote. This ffl remains an open question ; but in the recent eleotion in San m Francnoo, an immense majority of the electors did usa m voting papers on wbioh the words 'Against ths m ietuing of bonds to the San Francisco and Colorado m Railroad Company '—were printed. Many and various m were tbe dodges reeotfed to on either side to baffla the inten- m tionecf the elector*. Numbers of 'Bogus tickets' wera M issued, come of wbioh contained names of persons who ? were not candidates at all, while others were a compound of H Democrats and Republicans. For instanoe, the pure ? Republican ticket was as follows:— 'For Presidential B Electors : John B. Felton, J. F. Miller, Claus Spreokels, W Jemes E. Hale, Jesse O. Goodwin, T. H. Roie. For Con- H| press— Cbarke Clayton.' One spurious tioket tamed by || the Democrats gave the names of the aix Demooratio Preei- m dential Electors and added the name of Mr. Clayton the m Republican candidate for Congress. Another issued by II tbe Republicans gave the above list of Presidential electors ffl end put 'W. A. Piper' in place of Charles Clay too. A || thud read as follows:— For Chief of Police — Patriok || Crowley. For Tax Collector— L. W. Kennedy. For ra Auditor— S. H. Wetberbee. For Superintendent Common M Schools— Noah F. Flood. For Superintendent Pablio m Etrefts— S. J. Ashley. For City and County Attorney— || Charles Haleey. For Fire Commissioner— C. Mason BLume. || For Publio Administrator— T. D. Mathewson. || There were in Ban Francisco 42 polling places, and the H polls were taken from 8 o'clock a.m. until sunset. |I Owing to the difficulty of finding tbe names on the || Great Register, the voting was very slow— at the ave- H rage rate, in each polling place, of one vote per minute— |1 and when tbe pollB closed there were hundreds of electors || shut out. Long lines of men who bad waited long and || patiently for a chance of exercising their rights as electors, 1 1 tomed away in diegust when the sun set. The Daily^Alta f | thus summarises tbe result of the balloting in San Fran- Mi cibco : — ' The city has been carried for Grant, by a majority |I of £87, and Mr. Clayton has been elected by a flattering || majority, having run ahead of his ticket. The unpopular |i Mr. Piper must grind bis music to a more appreciative B people than the voters of San Francisco. Mr. Clayton's H majority is 1054. The vote is close, and is not as large as M that polled at tbe last eleotirn. The total vote is 23.018. §? At the last gubernatorial election, the total vote was 24,995. H or in ronnd numbers 2000 more than at the present eleotion. if! But a large number of votes were ehut oat at the closing of m the polls, which, if counted, would make the total vote m equal to that of last Fall ; and no doubt increase the Re- ffl publican majority. Only a few vetea ware rejected for in- H formality — or on any account. Some were refused because fl the voters were not residents of the preoinots for thirty m days. An ex- Congressman was one of those.' ' m With the close of the polls the popular enthusiasm again M buret out, and the streeta were thronged with excited B crowds, eager to learn tbe results of the campaign, and H cheering every fresh announcement that appeared on the HJ newspaper bulletin boards. When Grant's majority in the H oity was ascertained, the Republicans refreshed themselves g with a last grand march, attended by three bands of music. B| who blew ' When we were marching through Georgia H nto shreds. By tbe way, I have had qaite enough ef that H dreadful tune. I used to like it once. But I don't thiafe H American politidsns— those of them at least who parade HJ he streets and eing choruses— know any other. m Daring the whole of my five weeks' experience m of them, the Republicans and Democrats were certainly E| 'marching through Georgia,' and making the mortvu- m ainoUB notes over it. I am fond of music ; bat a national H song, ohoruseed by several hundred voices, in several nun* HJ 4red different keys, to the urompaaimint of a bind wtuqa H U nearly all drum, ceases to be agreeable after I o'olock w ? tbe morning. These choristers never slept. ? The triumph of the B^bUosM was complete, and State ? after State swelled Grant's majority. Up to ths ?th H November, 1he date of the departure of the Oaliforman H mail from San Francisco, Granf b majority was 640,56*. H and the returns from several 8tates wen not yet complete- B It was estimated that the majority would exoaed 760,000* m The Daily Alta California of the 9th November gives tha m following figures. Gnat carries the following State* J by the numbers placed after eaoh: -PenaByl- ? vanis, 125,000; Massachusetts, 73.217; Michigan, ? 60,000; Iowa, 57,060 ; Illinois, 60,000 ; North m Carolina. 10,000; California, 10,678: Rhode Ista*; ? 8338 ;New Hampshire, 5000; Mississippi, 6030. ? New York, 47,717 ; Ohio, 40.000 ; Mains, 28,325 ; Kansas. H 30-C00; Indiana, 23,000; Minnesota,. 20,000; Vermont H 17,C00r^WiBOonsin, 16,000; South Carolina, 15,000; «b* ? Jereey, 14,000; West Virginia, 6000; Delaware, 6080. H Connecticut. 3351; Virginia, 3000; Arkansas, 25M- H Oiegoo,3426; Novad*,2WO; Nebraska, lOWi Alabama m AMO to 6-hO; Tennessee, probably. Greeley curies ; Georgia by 5621; Maryland, 16TW ; Missouri 28,000 ; KMimcky, 10,000 ; LonvAw* and Florida, probably. A wedal telegram from Washington, dated November 8, .eives the following report of General Grant* e views on his « rfectien ?— ' His firet election he considers as an honour ™id for his military services ; the second, the nation's flnnroval in his political administration, and the popular Vindication of his personal character. Long before the Philadelphia Convention, he foresaw his suocess of the domination by the coalitionists, and it gratified him, in iZach as it narrowed the contest to two candidates ; See, the character of the opposition parties gave com mlele assurance or we remit. n« w»b eurpriBcu m. mo IfiTicht received by some Republicans at the Baltimore nomination, and he was thereafter urged by poljtodl friends to Ksto various changes in his Cabinet. Many of his friends had wondered at his indifferenne ; but one helping can' of that indifference, which was known to bat few, «m his knowledge of the fact that during the campaign the Republican National Committee had a picket in every Greeley ca»p of any consequence from one end of the country to the other, and knew day by day every phase of the coalition and the situation, as well as the ooalition managers themselves.' In the 2fm York Tribune of the 6th ultimo Mr. XJrceley published the following note :— « A Card.— The undersigned resumes the editorship of ihe Tribune, which he relinquished on embarking in another line of business six months ago. Henceforth it shall be his -mdeavour to make this a thoroughly independent jounul, treating all parties and political movements with judicial -fairness and candour, but courting the favour or deprecating 4he wrath of no one. If he can hereafter say anything that will tend heartily to unite the whole American pwDle 1 on a broad platform of universal amnesty and impartial mffrage, he will gladly do so. For the present, however, me can beEt commend that conBumm&tion; by silence and °« fbe°viotoni in our late struggle can hardly fail to take *he whole subject of Southern rights and wrongs into early «nd earnest confideiation, and tithem: for the present, he leaves the matter, since he will never again be a cindidate for any office, and is not in full aooord with either of the arreat parties which have hitherto divided the country. ' Be will be able, and will endeavour to give a wider and .steadier regard to the progress of eoienoe, industry, and the useful arts, than a partisan journal can do. He will *ot be provoked to the indulgence of those bitter personali *- ties which are recognized as the bane of journalism. Sus tained by these generous purposes he will do his best to make the Tribune a power in the broader field it now con templates, as wh»n human freedom was in peril it was in the arena of political partisanship. ti (Signed) Horace Greeley.' THE APACHE INDIANS. There has been a good deal of trouble with the Apaohe Indians, who have recently committed some atrocious murders. A party of them setting upon a white man whom they found alone, lied him to a trre, drove astako through bis body, and left him to die a cruel and lingering death. The Los Angeles News of the 7th November s»ys :— -' The military party whioh started from Camp Hualpai, on the 2lst instant, under command of General Crook, have returned home after having killed nine Apashe- Mohava TnriUiis. and caDturcd and destroyed considerable quantities of Apache pnmnder, arms, &o.; The killing was done sear the Santa Maria River, on the 25th instant, by the troops under the immediate command of Captain Mason, of the Fifth Cavalry, to whose energy and determination ell the friends if civilization are indebted for the leseon taught the murderous savages of this sec tion. Previous to striking the foe, General Crook, with a few men, had struck out for Camp Data Creek, to eee and have a talk with some Indians who said they desired peace. D. C. Moreland and George Hogel, from whom we have reoeived the foregoing information, «ay that one Wallapal was killed by mistake, and his friends burned his body, gun, blankets, &o.; Captain Montgomery and Adams led their companies. We rejoice at the fact that nine more of the murderers have met a just doom, and that General Crook's plane are being suoobbs fully carried out.' The local press is of opinion that the conciliatory pohoy Adopted by the Government towards the .Indians is not likely to produce any good effeots eo far as the Apaohes are concerned. They are regarded as most bloodthirsty and intractable, and being in large numbers are. formidable ?enemies. The following letter addressed by President Grant at the end of October last, to Mr. George H. Steuart «hairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Indian CommieEionere, however, indicates that pacifio measures ?with regard to these wild tribes will still be continued :— ' My dear Sir,— Your favour of the 21th instant, Baying that a ohange in the Indian policy of the Administration is reported to be contemplated, is just reoeived. Suoh a thing lias not been thought of at present. If the polioy towards the Indians can be improved in any way, I will always be ready to receive suggestions on the subject ; but if any change is made it most be on the eide of civilization and Christianization of the Indian. I do not believe our Creator «ver placed different races of men on this earth with a view of having the stronger exert his energies in exterminating the weaker. If any ohange takes place in the Indian policy of the Government while I hold my present effioe, it will be en the humanitarian side of the question. ' Very tiuly yours, U. S. Gbant.' MAYOR HALL'S TRIAL. _ Great excitement has been caused by the proceedings taken against Mayor Hall, of New York, for various alleged frauds and complicity in the doings of the Tweed party. At the conclusion of argument in the Hall oaae, Judge Brady charged the jury, beginning with the remark that though the proceeding was against a person holding a high position, it should be disposed of just the same as any other case, according to law and evidence. The Judge then instructed them that, if from the evisenoe they are satisfied there was audit, the case fails on the charge of negleot, and if they are satisfied there was no audit, then the evi dence must show that negleot was intentional, as the inten tion forms an essential element in the case. On the second charge, of wilfully abusing or oorruptly performing the duties of his offioe, the Court instructed the 3 ury that two things mast be established— guilty knowledge and certifying with euch knowledge, and that this also was a question of faot to be determined by the jury. The Court aUo instructed them that they are bound to etait with the presumption that he aoted justly until the contrary was provod. The Court cautioned the jury that the weight of evidence of men like Garvey should be care fully considered, and to bear in mind that the defendant ?was liable only for his own bad deeds, not those of others, and that he was entitled to the benefitof any reasonable doubt, fcut guilt may be established by oiroumstantial as well as by direct evidence. If the jury believed the accused knew the claims to be false, and he certified them, they most oonviot ttmonthe second charge. Approach the consideration of these questions fear lessly. If yon believe the acoueed guilty, say eo ; if not, acquit him. The jury retired at 3.45. An unusually stormy session was held until eight, when they adjourned for lunch. Juuge Brady came in at 9.20 and announced that the jury not having agreed, the Court stood adjourned until eleven ?o'clock to-morrow. The jury failing to agree as to their verdiot, were dis charged. On leaving the Court, Hall said that the failure of the jury to find a verdict was one of the greatest disap pointments of bis life. 