MY LAST NIGHT IN THE OLD COUNTRY. JIV W. W. FBNN. Losu I efore the hnge hotel und Charing -cross ti-rminoe f the South- Eastern Railway had risen eo imposingly at the western ond of tbe Straod, an event happened on that 6ite wbiob, strange and terrible oe it was, would Lave be come a stirring episode at the Ceutral Criminal Court, bad not tbe imperative and immediate departure from Englaud of a most important witness delayed the solution of tbe mystery until the oocurrence Lad all bnt passed out of men's miudB. aud the death of an obscure waif of humanity had removed all possibility of the retributive justice of the law. Hangerford Market was not approached froui tbe Surrey eide of the river by the sus pension bridge even at the time of which I write, and many and confascd, tnmble-down and rickety were the tenements which fronted or backed upon the river, where I am told the massive piers and arches of the railway now stand. There are several reasons why a too minute description of the exact spot should not be given ; but my purpose will be served if tho nature and character of the locality be indicated. I lodged in rooms which looked out upon tbe river in (he front, and at the back upon a smell sort of yard belonging to a public honse called the Fife and Drnm, situated in sn ad joining alley. This hostelry was not fre quented by a very reputable class, but by a mixture of the low waterside population, itinerant mueicians, jugglers, Pnnchand J udy men, and mountebanks of every des cription, Brawls and rows sometimes went on there fsr into the night, anil rendered (he eetal liehment by no means a pleasant neigh bour. But it suited me tn live where I did, and as it was not to be for long, I bore tbe occosional inconvenience rotlior than nndergo (he trouble of moving. Moreover, the situ ation was pleasant, and at times very qniet ; for there was no thoroughfare for vehicles, of course, bb the street, at the river end of whioh stood the house in which I lodged, terminated by an iron railing. The hay and coal barges, during (he high tides, were raised sometimes within a few feet of the pavement here, when tbe Btnall mud-larks of nrcbins about the place would establish a highway through the bars, backwards end forwards between street and boats. There was a short cut to my door from the adjoining street by the alley where the publichouse was, and in making it I often had an opportunity of studying the manners and customs in private life of the bespangled and flesh-tighted tumblers, who in those days more frequently than now, I believe, were to be seen in the London streets, mounting on each other's shoulders, or clambering op a pole supported by one of their fellowB. Not a very profitoble study, perhaps this, but it wns one that fsBcinsted me, and set me tbiuking ; and I could not fail at last to beoome acquainted, by eight, with many of the leading stars of this no madio profession, who, all in turn, seemed lor a tine to be my neighbours. The publio performances, too, of these artistes, and. indeed, all street entertainments, bad ever been a source of attration to me. My boyish tastes had lingered on into man hood, and I tberfore submitted to my prox imity to tbe home of these gentry with rather a better grace perhaps than most people would have done. Ae the days lengthened and windows were kept more certainly open, scraps of conversation would reaoh me when in my bedroom, wbiob, being at tbe back as I have said, looked out upon the rear of the Fife and Drnm. The talk wbb never edify ing, perhaps, to ears polite, bnt it w&b; always amusing to me, and gave mean insight into the character of a enrions although a rather worthless set of people. By tbe time, how* ever, that midsummer had arrived, my stay in England was drawing to a close. In a week more I should be on my way to the 1 antipodes, and my mind began now to be far too full of the future to give much heed to 1 the petty squabbles of the poor miserable 1 street tumblesr. Nearly all my connections and friends had emigrated, and done well, eo 1 that, at the time l was leaving, scarcely any- 1 one in London knew me, except my landlady, 1 rand when I too should have departed, her 1 notion of my whereabouts would have been ' of the vaguest. Australia was my future 1 address, and as I expected no letters which 1 would require forwarding, I gave her no I nearer clus to my foture home. The last night in the old country has 1 arrived. All my preparations are complete. 1 I hnve to leave very early in the morning to 1 catch a train for Liverpool. Good bye has | been eaid, bilie have been paid, and with -a ' small band-bog, the only portion of my impe- \ dirnmta not sent forward, I am to qnit the house before any one ia astir. It is intensely \ hot. The days are at their longest, and i dawn is almost breaking ere I rise from the ' open window of my sitting- room^ where I 1 have been gazing out upon the silvery rivor, 1 wondering what fortnnea will betide before I ' again look npon the huge city. 1 | I have been epecolating, now that it has I come to the last hours, upon the policy of the 1 step that I am taking. Animated by con- * dieting emotions, hoping yet dnuhting, fall of ' eangoine anticipations, mingled with painful 1 regrets, 1 have worked myself into anything 1 bat a eleepfnl state. Pipe after pipe has been ' smoked, and the approaching daylight alone ' has recalled me to ? eei.ee of necessity of - going to bed at all. I do so at hit however ; ' but ae my noisy neighbourn, for a wonder - are perfectly qniet, and at the heat is over whelming, Heave the window looking ont I npon the little yard quite open, despite its c jMvimilyto thefbotof my t»ed. I hear 6t. e Paul's and the myriad other clocks one after ( another, and aorae altogether, strike three, aad 1 s it is brusd daylight ere I drop off to sleep I begin to dream, immediately awake with a start, close my eyes, drop off ; dream again — this time a very bad dream. I fincy I am ot sea ; I climb high into the rigging of the ship, crawl out to the end of one of the yards, try to etand up, loose my footing, and fall quite gently and pleasantly, and as it seems into the sea. I begin to swim, but can make no progress ; mv arms and legs move with difficulty. I catch hold of a rope which has been thrown to me ; another instant, and I ehall be safe ! — when, ugh ! horrible sensa tion ! The cold nose of a shark touches my foot, aud in a paroxysm of anguish I awake njyeelf with tbe tffot t to draw my leg up out of tbe way. Yes, 1 awake ; at first with a sense of re lief ^that it was only a dream, but a strange eort of cold shiver passes through me. The next moment a renewed and unaccountable anxiety is upon me again. Am I ill 1 I sit upright, trying to collect my scattered wits believing almost tbat I am still dreaming, j when a large daik ominous-looking mark upon the white counterpane at tbe fo t of the bed, which waB not there betore, cotchos tny eye. I spring out to examine it, sad to my horror fiud it is the imprint, in blood and dirt of a human hand. A closer observation verifies this fact, and and ou the window sill I see even a more glaring token of the same kind. Shuddering, I throw the sash wider open ? end look out. Tbe drain-pipe, which runs from tbe roof down tbe siiie of tbe house, close to mv win dow bears, as high op as where I stand, scratches and steins, showing to my now pre teruaturally-sharpened senses thai some one had recently gained an entrance by that way to my room. I gaze around it. The bright morning sun is now streaming straight in, and as I instinctively stop to look under the bed, I see evidence of footprints bb far as tbe door leading on to the stsircase. I try to open it, but it is locked on the outside: Bewildered but not loeiug my presence of mind, I go through by the folding doors into my sitting room over- looking the river. The tide is high, and as I crane forward out of the window to eaten a glimpse ot tbe end of the street, a man is in the act of dropping from the iron railings there on to one of tbe bargee. I can not see his face, for in another second he is running and jumping with tbe agility of a cat from one beat to another, and is suddenly loBt to my view behind a hnge load of hay. My first impulse is to shoot, bnt I sm quickly checked by the striking of the clocks, and as I count five, remembered that I should be in another ten minutes on my way to tbe rail way station. The truth flashes across me that if I give an alarm I shall be detained, loso my train and ship, and all the prospects upon which I have built my earnest hopes, and will be lost to me for ever. 1 dare not hesitate. What ever dark mystery I have thus unwittingly come upon moist bo cleared up by others, not by me ! Dressing in the direst haste, I pass out on to the landing by mv front room door, which ia not locked. ' Who's that ?' cries the well-known voice of my landlady from above. 'Onlyl. Good-bye, Mrs. Hart, once more.' ' Dear me ! I thought I heard yon go a quarter of an hour ago; sombody went down stairs.' ? ' It was not I ; but I am late as it is. Good bye again and again ! ' I cannot even give her a hint of what hb8 happened, for doing so will cause fatal delay tome. I mnst risk all consequences to save my train, eo I pass down tbee stairs, and ont bp the! street door, which I see Iiob been left ajar. Not a soul is stirring ; I take a farewell look at the old quarters, and rush away through the bright bnt silent streets of Eueton square, oarrying with me unavoidably a load of dreadful and hideous suspicions which years and years do notrfface. Prosperity in the New World followed my every act, and by the time the sequel to ' My Lost Night in the Old Oounty ' was worked oat, I was living in very different quarters from those by the river eide at Hungerford Market. Again, I need not particularise too minutely the locality. To intimate that I was well established in Melbonrne as a mer chant, and that I walked too and fro between my suburban villa and my office daily, is sufficient. The old inclination to stop and watch all shows end street performances waa as strong as ever, and laudably or not, I never failed, as the profession expressed it, to ' encourage talent ; ' but at that time there were but few of the ' tumbling ' fraternity to be seen in our thorougnfsree. They are the result of an overgrown population, end do not flourish in the open air in a country where men of thews and sinews are often al moit worth their weight in gold. The thea tree and circus monopolised such aorobatic genius es the soil prduced, but occasionally tbe mild performances of dancing on etilts, or (he exhibiting an accomplished monkey, might be met with. When, therefore, one afternoon as I was returning home I saw a large orowd assembled and a huge pole rising from its midst, it is not to be supposed I passed by on the other side. A good deal of shouting and drum besting was going on, and ob I came up I discovered that tbe pole was balanced and supported in the socket of a leathern belt, passed round the loins of a etnrdy acrobat. Another of the tribe, slighter in figure, was preparing to ascend thiB eort of mast, and did so, even as I watched. It was the old trick which I had witnessed many a time be fore ia England, but I do not remember thst it wbb then dignified, as it has since been, by the high sonnding name of 'La Perche.' When the mountebank had reached the top of the pole, he exhibited several feats of dar ing and strength, such as we are all familiar with ; but at last he assumed, when at tbe utmost height, tbe attitude of a man swim ming, supporting himself with one arm and band, whilst his stomach rested on the top of the pole, so that, in fact, man and pole to gether formed the letter T. Then he began to strike ont «ith his le^s and disengaged »rm, whilst tbe balancer of the pole beneath walked round and round in a email circle. It was not badly done ; the balance and position were steadily maintained for several minutes rhe drams and Pandean pipes were played irith an air of noisy triomph, and a mnrmor j if applause arose from the crowd, aa they 4 itood gaping at the perilone performance with | lptnrned faces. | Presently tbe acrobat was just above where 1 [ woe standing I had at that moment re- - noved my bat the easier to wstch him. He ' ippeared to observe my action, and oar eyes 1 net. Then suddenly be gave a eort Jbf jerk, I teamed to loee bis balance, trie! to recover 1 himBelf, failed, and in a second f«lt straight down upon tbe gronud head foremost, the pole at tbe same tiuie also escaping from the grip of the bolder. A terrific shont and a scene of wild excite ment followed. Tbe pole bad. in its descent, felled several of the spectators Jika oxen, and they and tbe unhappy tumbler, who wbb ap parently dead, were eventually carried off to tbe hospital. Two days later I was seated by the eide nf one of the small beds in tbe acoident wird. On it lay the crushed and maimed, but yet j living acrobat. I had called the next morn- ' ing to inquire after tbe sufferers, and bad been told that thiB man was hopelessly in jured in tbe spine, bnt tlmt he might live for some weeks, though he could never move liie legs egains. His intellect, it wbb thought, had also eustained a shock ; for when he re covered his speech he appeared to wander, and had talked about having being frightened — frigbtoned hy a ghost that he had seen in tho orowd, which bad taken its bat off to him, and had threatened him with its eyes. My action immediately recurred to me. I ex plained to the surgeon that I had taken my hat off tbe moment before the poor f'llou fell, and I aBked to be allowed to speak to him ; for a strange anomalous foi ling took possession of me. I felt nt once compassion for, and a curious repugnance towards bim. I was both irresifitably attracted to and re pelled from that bedside. ' I fear from what tbey tell me,' I began, ' that I was in some way the cause of your losing your balance; that by taking my hit off, I drew your attention from — ' ' No, no ! ' hastily interrupted the sufferer, turning bis haggard pale face and wild eyoe upon ine. ' No, it wasn't that. Many people take their hats off, but they haven't all got faces like yours! They haven't all been sent straight serosa here from England; they don't all bring back times ee I'd wish to forget ! They don't all seem to say to me as yours did, 'I know what you have donel I saw you just after you did it ! I'll have you hanged for it !' They dou't all say this to mo and he looked anxiously round to see whether the nuree and surgeon were within hearing. Finding that they were not, and that indeed we were quite by ourselves, and closely shut in by a screen in a corner of the ward, be resumed in a whisper : ' I heard 'em say as I conldn't live long* and if so be that's trne I'd like to tell you what has Iain heavy on my mind these six years post. If you be him as I euspeot you are, you must have been sent on purpose to make me say what I believe no other man could ever have mAde me say. Your lace made mo miss my tip, and now I soems to feel naif it wbb a kind 0' justioe brought upon me ; and if I am to die, you can't do me any more harm than you lmve, and my mind will be the easier.' He stretched out his thin but muscular hand, and laid it on my arm, whioh was now trembling with a renewal of the old, horrible, long-hunting suspicion. ' This is not the first time as I've had my hand on yon,' continued the man ; ' and it's well for you you didn't move then as much sb you are doin' now, or there might have been two to answer for instead of one ! Put your ear down close, quite close. I climbed into your bedroom just after I'd done — -just Bfter I'd paid off old scores with Tom Smart ; just after I'd murdered him down there in the tap-room of the Fife and Drum, there by Hungerford Market. I and he were sleep ing there ; he'd got more than a month's swag lying under his head, for he was a regular miser, and he had never so much as given me a tenth part of onr earnings for a week. T grew savage as I saw it there right within my reach, and be, seemingly, so dead asleep ; but I never meant to murder him 1 No, I never did ; only when he caught hold of me just as I'd got it, and saw what my game was, he'd have strangled me like a dog if I hadn't caught up a knife that waB lying on the table, and driven it straight into his throat. He dropped like a stone, and the blood Bpurted all over my hands 1 Then, when I saw what I'd done, I knew I must get off somehow. So I crept into the yard, and I was like a rat in a pit; bnt I saw a window open just above, and I swarmed up the drain pipe, feel ing sure I oould get out there somehow. As I was stepping into the room I stumbled, and, trying to save myself, put my hand right on your foot before I knew it. Then, for tbe first time, I saw there was some one in tbe bed. The eun shone straight on your face, or elBe I shouldn't have remembered it as well ; and 1 thought you was a-going to wake, { for yon drew your legs up quite quick, but | yon never opened yonr eyes, and maybe it's well for you you didn't ; and so I got away and locked your door to make all safe. I crept downstairs, and out into tbe street, and nipped over on to the barges, and was never taken ! No, nor so much as ever suspected ! I found my way to the docks, managed to get aboard a ship that was dropping down the river that day, bound for thin country, aud hid myself (a stowaway they called me) till we got to eea. They threatened Lo throw me overboard, but I showed them I was strong end active ; they let me help tbem, and we was all good friends at parting. Here abouts I've been ever since, in the old line, hut I've had a hard time of it in my mind, and have been well nigh mad more then once, it preyed so on me. I've been going to give myself up over and over again, for I conld not b6ar my thoughts ; and I see poor old ' Trnn ni^iht after night sometimes, just as I left him. Then all of a sudden comes yonr face, for I knew it again — ah, just at once I I turned reg'lar giddy, I lost my hold, and remember nothing more till I found myself in this bed.' Here, then, was the horrible imprint on the Foot of my bed acc'ianted for. The cold note Df the shark, and the whole surroundings of that terrible dream, had been suggested to my sleeping brain by the single and install* taneous touch of the murderer's hand on my foot. The incidents, which appeared to cover a considerable time, had been engendered in md flashed through my mind with that lightning-like rapidity wh'ch constitutes tbe ;ieatest wonder of dreamland. It was well, indeed, for me that I did not immediately 1 wake, as I supposed I bad done, or with auch 1 .desperate character as this man then wa«, standing over me, that night might not only bare been ' my last night in the old country,' but my last on earth. The tuiser«ble bat re pentant criminal died snddenly the day after lie bad made his confession to me. I told the anthorities ell about it, and they dnly : immuniosted with those of Scotland yard. Hie myeterious murder, natnally had created nodi excitement in the neighbourhood at the Jms of tny departaia, bat tbe o'baearity »f tba «Tettfaed victim, and tbe abaeooe of a uj clue to tbe perpetrator of the deed, beyond the mntke on tbe drain-pipe and in my room, showing this maimer of bis escape, together with the impossibility of finding me, allowed it to merge into tbst oblivion which has en compafised bo uiany other crimos of (ho same kind. My preBonoc, howover, on tho eceno of tbe acrobat's final performance bad aoted as a NeniiiBli, and lind avenged the murder per haps more terribly than if it bail dealt with by tbe hand of the law. — Belgravia Annual. 