' 'EARL'!RP^ELiy OJST ' OHKlSTIANITyr^ ' ??' ?' - ? ? ; ' ' (From the Leader.)' - . . ?? i ',? ''Prbfbssibnals afo not always the' most compe torit'autlioritios even' oh tho' subjects with 'which thoy are professedly convorsant. It will 'often happen' ^h'tit 'an intolligprit'layiiian,-1 writing on a religious questionj'will writo moro to tho purpose than a clorgyiuaif. ' 'The reasoiVis' obvious. The layman brings tho' experience acquired in one UUpill LU1UILU UL LllUllJ^ilu bU -UUIU. lljJUIl illlUtllUlj and 'is'1' thereby in a position to look at- tho matter 'from a point of view not necessarily opposed to, but possibly different from, that taken by a thinker who is unable to get out of some prescribed rut ; and if, further, tho layman be one who has never been able to see why theology should be studied under greater restric tions than science or philosophy, he is all tho more likely to make a valuable contribution to the subject of his studies. We need only men tion the names of Pascal, Guizot, Bunsen, Glad stone; Seeley,' and T. Erskine in corroboration of our high estimate of lay publications on the subject of religion. Earl Russell, in entering upon the domain which clergymen claim as their speciality, has shown his characteristic boldness. In his essays on the Rise and Progress of Christianity, he proves himself to be awake to tho great Theological Revolution which is going on around us, and, although; he cautiously and reverentially follows the traditional lines of Protestant thought,' as might be expected of an_ old Whig statesman, his main conclusions are on the liberal side. In his preface he expresses: his opinions on several controversial ' points: He avows the opinion that Mr. Matthew Arnold, hi his book on St. Paul and Protestantism, has ar rived at.a. view 'far more in accordance with the. real doctrine of St. Paul than that which persons who have failed to comprehend his real intentions have attributed to him.' While acknowledging that it is' tho duty of the State to provide for tho education of every child under its control, he insists that it is also ' tho duty of tho State to grant to its adult population tho utmost liberty to think what it pleases, and to utter what it thinks.' This liberty the noble lord uses for himself. He severely condemns Calvin's doctrine of predestination, which ap pears to him as tending to degrade the Deity. Another error of Calvin,' in his estimation, ' was tho assertion of tho plenary inspiration, of the Holy Scriptures ; tho doctrine that not only the thoughts, but tho words in which they are clothed, are divinely inspired, ' every word on every subject, tho language as' well as tho doc trine. ' There are many thing's in 'tho Earl's book which will give offence to the rigidly ortho dox. What will they say to the following pass- age :— ' When Christ appeared upon earth, while He taught man with divine wisdom to check his passions, to be constant to tho partner of his bosom, and to restrain his animal appe tites, He gave his sanction to innocent amuse ment,' made ceremonial subject: to human happi ness and human observance1' subordinate to tho great ends of human society. ' He taught that the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for tho Sabbath ; that it is not the kind of food which goeth into tho mouth, but tho kind of language which cometh out of the mouth, that defileth a man. His first miracle was performed at a wedding feast ; and when, in the parable, tho father of the prodigal received his lost son, tho fatted calf was killed, and when, the older son returned towards his home, he heard tho sound of music and dancing and was told by his father, ' It was meet that' we should make merry and be glad, for this thy brother was dead and is alive again, and was lost and is found.' It was in a world thus made for innocence and en joyment, repentance and forgiveness, for glee and for.concord, that the pretended followers of Christ introduced tho contrivance of an elaborate creed, and declared, not that those who led a wicked life,and did not repent ; not those who, being forgiven by their Lord, refused to forgive their fellow servant : not those who refused a cup of water to tho thirsty, and a crust- of bread to the hungry ; but those who did not embrace all the articles and particulars of their unintel ligible creed— those who did not allow 'infal libility to Pope and Council, or to Luther or to Calvin— should perish everlastingly. It cannot be too often repeated that there is no foundation in truth or Scripture for this monstrous perver sion. Origen, one of tho most able of tho fathers, maintained that pagans might be saved, Baxter, one of tho best among tho learned Christians of modern times, when he accepted the greater part of tho Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England, declared that he would not assent to tho damnatory parts of tho Athan asian Creed, and that he would not take upon him to affirm that good and pious heathens, who had never accepted tho teaching of Christ, might not be eternally saved. Samuel Clarke, oho of the most enlightened members of tho Church of England, affirmed that Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle might all be saved by the mercy of God. It is easy to fix the charge of heresy on those men ; but tho real heresy was on the part of those who made dogmas of their own inven tion tho test of Christianity. This pernicious theory once accepted, it was obvious to say that it was an act of mercy to a nation to en force unity of faith ; for the punishment by fire of a few obstinate unbelievers might ensure tho eternal salvation of millions upon millions of unborn generations. Tho only way, therefore, to get rid of persecution is to destroy its root. There may be good foundation for the doctrine that those who are not forgiving, who are not merciful, who hate their brethren, and blaspheme their Maker, will be punished in a future life. There is no foundation for tho doctrine that any form of belief is required to obtain eternal salva tion, or to avoid 'the penalties of eternal perdi tion." ', Raisino Plants ''Vrqji', LiiAViis.-'-Gympio amateur gardbnors will bp iritorbsied ' fn'thb'fol lowing/from' tlie 'Leader1 ;— Gardohers are more familiar with tho prppeBS of striking plants from leaves than tho majority of amatonrs, some of whom in this quarter of ^the world will hardly bo acquainted with the process by whioh this is achiovod. Wo aro indobted to Thomas Andrew Knight for many valuable modes' of treating plants, raising now fruits, hybridising, &c;, and among tho rust propagating plants and leaves.- This is dotailod in the following man ner :— In the spring of 1838, pruviously to his leaving Dbwton, unfortunately novor to roturn, itacourredto Mr. Knight's inventive mind that plants might bo propagated from singlo buds and rloavos' 'only.' 'Accordingly ho had sbvoral pots : filled with a fine sandy loam ;? tho pots woro about twelve inchos in diametor, to rocoive tho cuttiiigs,: which' ho p'ropared himself. The buck ancV leaves were cut out, as is \isually done when 'intondod' for insertion in stocks, with' but a' vbry_s'mall portion of tlie alburnumto each. ? Tlio *soil°'-in/'tho: pots -having boon: proviouslyl pressed ifirmly.'. down ,. .and the surface .mado per fectly smobtli, the cuttingB were inserted with' a dibborj so asito just' cover tho bud when tho soil, whs pressed firmly '?? against it. The buck of tlio leaf, lying, on thosurfaco oftho'nibuld, was foci by- absorbing moisture from it. . Thb surface of. the pots was ;.qnito covered with leaves, but so disposed vthat they, did not Overlay each other; ? ? 'Thoy 'woro - gently sprinkled . with watery covered with' boll-glassos, and placed on the iluo of w forcing- Iiouso. The sprinkling., wiis after wards 'frequently :repoatod, .and tho .glasses shaded » froin tho sun by - hanging ? paper over them. I'iliv. a short timo. the; biicls wero soon broaking through tho surfaceiof the, mould, and by the' oiid of ? summer some; of thbini had made shoots six and eight inches long, especially tho camellias, winch, were .tlion :pottod: off. /? TliOi others that had not ? made, equal prog'ross,.re lhained as thoy were until the following spring, whon they -likewise ' woro potted, and found to be firm ly rooted. -Plants with . largo leaves'/ as ,? gloxinias.iand camellias,-. 'are best adapted for this mode of.cult'nre.q Evona loaf'of tho:gloxi-. riia laicLontho surface of tho soil in a warm and moist temperature will push, roots from tho' ribs 6f the leaf,' 'and numerous plants bo ; thus pro-; duced.1'.' ?:- ?'? « '?'?!-. ?'.'.?? : ?;-, ,,..,, r;.: ?!';.-?' i. '^ '?'? SniGBOitaE ? Bowen's Wooing.— Sir , Georgo' Boivo'n always know his way about;, and it,' appears ho has forgotten none i-.bf ijiissaga'city ? inj that country' for which he forsook' No w Zoalandl ' He is'starring1 it;there;to.perfoctipn. He is the observed 'of all 'ob'soryers; the- admired of ; all1 admirers ; the very pink!of a, popular Governor,1 He knows sowell the weafk side of thb 'V^ictorian character that ho is quite 'master of tho situo-' tipn. ' Your Victoriau loves fiiitiory ' as ihtio'li as tlio. vainest' of women/ ! Ho' .delights' in the' company of a .Govern or ?' as much as Tom Moore did in thaf'of a. Lord-' Sir ,G.-,B. accordingly flatters like ono'wlib'had kissed -the'' ^'.Blarney stone,' but ho admits ovory parvenu to'. his oompanioiiship.' ? Tliere'aro 'those'1 who affirm theso! things to bb'.uiidigiiified and unteebmingi Butyue voulezvous'1 It is not tho fault of his Ex celloncy that his subjecls are' vain ahd- upstartish. Why should .'ho', deny' them'rtlie: luxuries whicli are so beloved' by them?' Lady Bowori has takeii several leaves froiu the book of her excel lent husband, and she is quito a'darlirig among tMopttvenues of 'South: Yarrii ' and ! Hawthbrno..' Writing of this estimable' couple— Sir Gddrgd and Lady B.— -reminds me of a1 story that is told concorning how they bocamo' husband and wife;. Thoro. was inono of tho Ionian Isles a bea\itiful Avidow 90 devoted 'to' tho memory 'of hbr dead spouso that she 1 resolved hover to por mit any man,' thbugli' he should bo ari Adonis and an Apollo rolloil; into ;ohe to succeed him. This storn. resolution; she made' known; to her friends,' through ' hieans of whom' it' became partially public. It;'reached' tho ears ' of -, tho geiitleman 'who . is' now -.the representatiyo of her Majesty ' in ' that ; Colony ' whicli bears her',, name; and 'ho^.determihod' 'to'' test the (irmnossbf the fair relict, jii'sf by way of diver sion, 'and, without' tlio remotest iiitohtion of en toring into matrimony; Ho jinado tho oridoavor, and' found thb 'lady Jiot as firm assho had pre tended to be, biiflost his'licartin- thd!att'ompt.! A'courf-ship began. ' Sir Georgo is, as our feadors are awiiroi* 'a' literary gentleman.' ''. : Once vipoh a tiino ho inditod a soiinot to the beautiful widow,' now liis inamorata. This , lio did during office ? hours, and about tho same ' time ho: ' wroto* ari official despatch1 to a brother' oflicor. .; By '.some nna'ccountablo 'mistake tlio sonnbt was soiittb the official, and tho despatch, ;to' the widow.' Thb secret of Sir G. wiis thus made public, for when lie next mot his brother official thb lattbr asked him with cutting sarcasm, what tlio 'douce ho had moaiit by lauding tlio beauty; of liis eyes; iviid how lio had 'mbtahiorphised liis black teeth into pearls. Tho wooing, prosperod','' notwith standing this; contretemps,' 'and tho then Widow is tho present Lady G. F. Boweri. '???.?' ?'???? A Stiunge Story.— Tho head of a wollknown Molbourno firm (says tho Molbourno 'Daily Telegraph' of Juno. 18) sonds us the.- following' narrative, every word of,,wlu'oh he youches is 'strictly .true :'— ' Yory! oxtraordinary tlyngs havo from time to time boon said and written on tho subjoct of ghosts. . .1 myself havo read and heard of thousands of instances, to all appear- , ances well authenticated ;' but never havo lhad' tho fortune, ; ;good or bad, to be'brought face to face with one. However, facts aro stubborn things ; and I offer tho following facts for the acceptance of your readers. On Saturday after noon, tho 14th instant, I was on my w/iy liomo from business, in. company with, a gentleman. Tho, timo was as nearly as possible six to, ton minutes past 6. Wo wero passing along Spring street, on tho opposito side , to , tho Princess's Thoatro, .and about opposito to1 that building, whon- I suddenly imagined , that -I, was' on the point of Running against sqmo object wliibh'.'was crossing tho footpath fromjiho fonco,to the road, and 1 put out my hands to prevont striking. .. ' . I obsorvqcl the... extraordinary appoaranco pass across niy path, and, as it wero, completely in tho; way of my Mend, who was .walking on my loft' hand. Ho instantly stopped, , and .also placed his hands out in' order to prevent a colli sion. In pure astonishment wo watched the appoaranco for perhaps four soconds, whon it cpmplotply vanished. I may add that tho nearost person iu front was somo littlo distanoe on, and thoro was no ( person for somo distanco bbhind. Tho appearance was of, a ,vpryv peculiar grey transparent nature. I could not for the life of me aay tho form it took. The suddonnoss of its appoaring and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start which tho affair gavo to both of us, would account for tho vvant of. a .closer, examina tion. : A fow words in conclusion. , On, Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot, only this time on tho top of an omnibus, whon I pointed to tho place, arid mentioned the, fact to the driver, .who.- told'. me. that another gontle man, about a .month 'or .six weeks baok, 'had stated that ho camo bolt up against somebody, or somothing at that very spot,- and that ho shouted out- to it; 'Now, .thon, mirid whorb you're coming,', when ho also, was somewhat startled to soo tho appearance suddenly disappear.' : ? ? Self- Suspension.— A sensational- case of ' self-suspension,' accompanied by tirilobko'd-for results, occurrod, says tho ' Talbot Loader,' a few days ago, not a hundred miles from M'Oalluhi's' Creek. '? A farmer, woll known for his proforonco for stimulantsj Hook it into his head to harigiiiriisolf. ?T'hiB lie oflectb'd/and. had |ust commpiicbd tp, dangle,, when .the. partner of his .bed and boarcl disoovorocl his position., iri the 'oxcitoinerit cmiBequoiit' upon tho unoxpobtod sight she seiiied hold' of his logs1 arid pulled ltfm so ' forcibly that ihe'ropo, 'broke, and down ho came boforb-tlie y'itfil spark had coase'd 'to'flibkor.' Whothor fthp^luisband 'dr^'the' wife h'ad^h'p'/most causo'for cbngratulation; is .a question3 'upon which tho rieighbora' are divided. ' ' ;i -nt' !': LonD Lytton on a Futurb State. — A pri vato letter rocoivod in Molbounio (states tho ''Argus') from a friond of tho Into Lord Lytton, who was with him shortly boforo his death, con tains tho .following interesting pasBago : — ' It was a lamentable thing for poor Lord Lytton to bo carried oil', and strange that his last words woro to bo sure to oxamino his body to suo that ho was not in a trance. In walking round tho castlo Knebworth 0110 fino night, I asked him what. ho thought of,a future state. .'.Wol!,' ho said, ' I will toll you my opinion.. If I die, and am sentenced by tho powers above for anything wrong that I may, havo done on earth, I shall firgue tho question, and solicit to know why I was permittod to do it.' ',; It will be romern bered, that Burns and other distinguished authors havo oxprossofl similar feelings in re lation to tho justico of future punishments., , . .Singular Accident with a Sewino Maciiine.— -A singular accident is reported by ;tlio Ne)vcastlo correspondent of tho ' Maitlahd 'Meroury':: — Mrs. Gates was engaged on a piece of work with a sowing machine, arid whilst so employed tho first finger of her left hand un fortunately got undor tho'nocdlo, which struck through tho nail and flosli, and camo out on the other side. . With the excess of puin Mrs. Gates fainted, arid remained, in. that stato for somo time, when her.'hjisband happened to como in. aiid lio reloaspd her from -her painful position) The; bxtractipri of tho noedlo was followod 'by a copibiis flo-Y: of blood. . '''\\\ ??' \'ly' .DiETi— -Forlong-BustainodploddingintheneldB fpr;-thp physical activity necessary totho .enjoy ment of ,thp out-dpor sports to which ,-oiir, iore- fathors-wei'o 'addicted, or for the ,monp£o'nous ?lifo.pf tho country shopkeopor,, a farinaceous diot is bost,; but! to tho busy boo of the great ' metropolitan hive plonty of animal food, as well :as vegetables, is, absolutely, essential. In. the ?one case; the toil^iflong and sovoro, is equally distributed and.wholly muscular ; in the other it ?may bo all this, onp day, whilst the next may demand, , tho, .iustantaneous promptihido of thought and action so characteristic of tho .well trained sailor, or soldier. The. graceful her .biyorous springbock of the African wastes can, 'in,a'lprig chase, easily outrun tho fleetest carni vori, but -'the. hunting cheotah,, whoso food is blood and quivering flesh, must overtake the doer during, the first sudden rush, or its preyoscapeB. Whilst the purely vegotablo diet of tho spring book enables it to put forth long and wellsus tained exertion, the animal food of tho leopard tits it for concentrated and sudden effort. The moral doduciblo from' these illustrations is obvious. Feed the people according to the ex ortibn demanded*— the agricultural laborer and unintellootualcountrysquire with bread and vege tables ; tho sailor chiefly, with animaLxiuti-imont; andtho brainworker of the city with: a copious supply of both.— 'Food, Journal.',.; /.''',', , .; Execution op Five Men. — The 'Madras Times*- of tho 17th'6f May reports that no less than, five men wero hanged yostorday morning . at Trichinopoly — tho largest number known to have ' been executed on ,one day at that station for a' long time.' The 'men had boen convicted, at the last criminal sessions, of having murdered a' merchant 'at a village named Rajindraputin, iindor the follo\ying circumstances : — Ono-of the culprits owed' the deceased somo money, and, on the latter demanding payment of the same, re quested him: to come tc his (tho prisoner's) house, whore he would pay ifc; : Tho morchant accord ingly wont there, arid aftor receiving tho money duotb him, 'was returning to his own house ac companied by a servant, whon tho five prisoners, probably^ in pursuance ? of a ' proconcerted plan, wayldidtlie hapless folio -v, and, falling upon him in ? a most savage mariner, eventually; murdered him. -In the moantimo, the sorvant, who had taken to liis heels as soon as ho saw his master, ? attacked, gavo tho alarm, which soon led to.the arrest of the delinquents' and to their being coin mi tteel for trial on the charge of murder. . At tho: trial, tlio offence was clearly brought home to the accused, and the High, Court having con firmed the sentence of death passed upon. - them by the Session Judge of Triohinopoly,.the men wore led under strong police escort to tho gallows in front of tho district gaol, at an early hour on tho morning of the ,16th May, and in tho presence of an immense crowd of natives who had assem blod to witness the dreadful scerib, they were riiadp to suffer thedxtrome penalty of . tlitf law, three' first and two af forwards. All of them as cended the scaffold very quietlyj but just before the .drop 'foil, an audible groan prbcoodod from somo ' 'of thoin', ' ' while 'one of the ' -lrien, an.1' old looking fellow, was obsorved to 'bo' iri siicli a tremor as to seem almost unable to support him self on his logs; '??? 'Previous * to their, execution some oftho menhad requested to:bballowed to see cortain relativesof theirs, but 'as those lived inany miles away at tho time) it was found im possible to gratify their wishes in this respect. Curious Legal . Problem. — American Attor ney-Gonprals havo curious questions submitted to them. Hero aro throe : — ' To tho Atornoy Ginral. — Doar Sur— roleavo a perplexed coleck tor. 1. Jf a man is assessed for a dog and won't pay it, what shall i do 1 2. If 'the dog dies after it is assessed, ; and boforo it is payable, must i colooktit? -3. 'If a man. is assessed for a dog who nover had a dog;, how shall i get rid of it?'! A talented clerk was to deputed to: answer, and did so as follows, aftor consulting 'Rain on Facts ':'— 1 . Mako tho dog pay it. ' 2. Yes, un less it is too far gone. 3. Tie a tin pan to its tail. . ' ..-.. . ?:,-;., . ' , -. . Under tho heading ' Literary Sweeps', an ex change has the following: — ' Nowspapors some times indulge in personal . squabbles, but about which tho public care yory little. Respectably conducted journals usually treat attacks made on membors of their staff with silence— much in tho way that a gentleman would shut his oars to the filthy ribaldry coming from tho ' mouth of a swoep. Sometimes, however, it happens that the coarse expressions are such that the gentle man is compelled to take off his coat tp ? punish the sweep, even if ho cannot do so without soil ing himsolf in the encounter.' -.???? Is a Livery Stable Keeper a Tradesman ? — The question of .whether a livery stable keeper is ' a tradosman or other person' within the moaning of the Act of Charles II., prohibiting Sunday trading, whs (says tho ' Argus') discussed ?in the supreme Court oh Friday, in tho caso of Garton v. Coy. Signor Coy hired from Mr. Garton, on tho 11th May last, ahorse and buggy with, of course, tho impliod agroomont that he was to roturn them. An accident happened, howovor, which led ..to tho death of tlio horso and the damage of tho buggy. Mr. Garton then sued for their valuo. Tho dofendant, among other pleas, sot up tho defence that tho contract was made on a Sunday, in tho course of Mr. Garton's business as a livery stable kooper, and was therefore illegal. The plaintiff objected that this was no defenco, and it was contended on his behalf that tho Act of Charles II. was not in force iri this colony— that it was purely a local Act, applicable to England only; and oven if it was in force hero, a livery stable keeper was not a tradosman within tho meaning of the Act. The Court reserved its dooision. ;In America (says a correspondent of tho ' Grey River Argus') thoro aro societies1 of Oddfbllows, all the members of whioh belong tp tho feminine gender, except tho Noble Grand, who is' ojt the oth'or sex. .Now though I amacynio'my admir ation of the ladies is most unboundod, orid.l wouldiiko muchly to bo a Noble Grand of oife of theso Yankoo societies. I noticb that fominino Oddfollows are not unknown in 'Now Zoalarid. Thirty of tho dear creatures have attained tho dogreo of 'Robekah,' in Dun'odin. Might wo not got tho thing introduced ; in, Grey mouth 1 Surely bur females aro as' good as their' sisters in tho New Zealand Edinburgh. * ' 1 t;,iU ; ' ?-?'???? 