TENNYSON'S" ODE TO THE QUEEN. '/ .The following is the complete ode- attached to Messrs Strahau and Co.'s new edition 9! the laureate's collected " : poem.1 We have already quoted from it, but many of our readers will, no doubt, like to have it in full, Fane r»f tlinnsnmls. esneciallv in The light of recent events, will cordially sympa thise with its tone to the queen. 0 loyal to the royal in thyself, _ And- loyal to thy land as this to thee — Bear witness, that memorable day ' When, pale as yet, aud fever-worn, the Prince, Who scarce had plucked his flickering life again From ha' f way down the shadow of the grave, Pass'd with thee thro' thy people and their love, . xi And Loudon roll'd one tide of joy thro all " Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man. Aud welcome ! witness, too, of the silent cry, Tho prayer of many a race, and' creed, and climc — . Thuuderless lightnings striking under sea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we've lately heard A strain to shame us — "Keep you to your- sbIycs So loyal is 'too costly ! Friends, your love : Is but a burthen ; loose the bond and go." T_ 11 J. 1. t-rma. r\f £»TT>V\?V< 9 TlPVO fhf fnifcll AS IIUS LUC v — That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hongoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven ? What shock has fool'd her since, that she should speak So feebly? Wealthier — wealthier — hour by hour ! The voice of Britain, or a siuking land, Some third-rate isle half lost among her seas? There rang h.cr voice when the lull city pealed. Thee aud thy Prince ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean empire with her boundless homes For ever- broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness, if she knows - Aud dreads it v.e are fall'n. — But thou, my Queen, Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old. and shadowing Sense at war with Rather than that Gray King, whose name", a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man- shaped from moun tain peak, And cleaves to cairn and- cromlech still ; or liim Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one Touch'd by the adulterous finger of a time That hover'd between war and wantoness. 1 Aud crownings and dethronements ; take withal : ; Thv poet's blessing, aud his trust that Heaven Will blow tlie tempest iu the distance back From thiue aud ours ; for some are scared to mark, Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, _ Waverings of every vane with every; wind, And wordy truckliugs to the transient hour, Aud fierce or careless loos'ners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn on simple life, Or Cowardice, tho child of lust for gold, Or Labor, with a groan and not a voice, 1 . Or Art with poisonous honey stol'n from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, . And that which knows not, ruling that which' knows : To its own harm ; the goal of this great world . ! ; Lies beyond sight ; yet— if our slowly-grown And crowu'd Republic's crowning common- souse, ; . . : f. j That saved ber mauy times, '-not fail— their fears j Are morning sh'r.dows'huger .thari'the shapes; That cast them,' not those 'gloomier iwhich forego- l; ; : The darkness of that battle in The West, ; : Where all of high and holy dies away. 