ÏHE DECLINE OK POLITENESS. f Saturday Serine.) üiicoiii-oBrAjitE parents moy possibly insist OD reform in the manners of their children ; but it is doubtful wlietlior tho etiquette Which trains us (o respect for woinou will bo preserved even in its present fragmentary erato. Tho fashion it'ia tho agceudatit which encourages hoydens and'insists on Hie familiarity of its divinities. ' Nothing, it appears, can persuade- thc increasing mob of dis -..orderly"Minervas that when they have 'got rid .of their titles to special respect and havo shattered tho decent etiquette which baa been raised around them, their occupation in society »viii be nearly gobo. Cliildrbcaring and unskilled handiwork will bo their portion, and the "dynastic reasons of larger bonos" will *-iako their law. Yet Victoria Alexandra j as^ajlgiisla will not bo warned, though by ^ well-timed courtesy, rightly called by our neighbours a rájc'raicc, she might bo wolccted. If Audry would but " bear lier body more seeming." alic might consolidate her power, keep liberty, equality, and fraternity at bay, and put tho Touchstones in their place. Mean- time, sonic cruel shocks to our feelings would be spared if her feet were under belter restraint, lier hands well carried, lier incessant smirk of recognition and various eccentricities of gesture replaced by decent dignity. No beauty con spare tho habitual grace that should be part of education, and, eren more to a woman than a man, is it " like perpetual letters commendatory to have good forms." Eyon. eoppoeing that women and children were -once more to be trained io give and require respect, there would still romain the danger oftbat insatiable iamiüarity which ia breaking down among men moro important breakwaters that) those sf rook and wealth. Let us ¡not flnttcl-ourselves that, when persons of tho upper classes profess indifférence to ceremony, they show a frank humility. Whenever they are taken nt their word, they immediately retire into moneyed or titled superiority. AB rules aro dropped, intercourse becomes more difficult be- tween persons of different station, who might be friendly if each unn knew what manner was expected of him, but who now oscillate between servility and arrogance. The uneasy millionaire! shakes his hand off in the effort to' excuse his greatness; but it is thank- less, aud in hot weather unpleasant, work ; nor can one wonder if a dislike of meeting clients who have been taught io think-"not" Blinking liondB un insult should "grow on him. Our national, but comparatively modern, salutation, since it hes replaced other forms, hoB been tried by ' all manner of men for all 1 manner of purposes, and hne been found j wonting.for the good, but useful for bad, ends of intercourse. No longer a pledge j of troth, it is lao often a pledge of jnutnalauspicionand bypocriay.anditline been found that citizen kings, emperors of the blouses, and other magnates may perform the "shake hands" in public without fraternity being thereby abso- lutely secured, lt is perhaps a fitting ceremonial to accompany undefined1 claims and shitty policy, unreal ties and sham eBteem, for it admits of so many¡ varieties and interpretations that no one ¡ ia euro of its meaning,.or is in any way bound by it. lt may be remembered how in " lfabagas" the envy and malice of tho fraternal conspirators, tho shallow humbug of the hero, were perpetually condoned by poignées tie main to all the world, until the ghost of Camille Des moulins, accurate in the etiquette of the old world, taught tho Revolutionists ofl the " Crapaud volant " that want of self-respect docs not secure brotherhood, however useful it may be in the schemes of ambitious agitators. The Republican of 'SO was certainly superior to the Com- munist of'71 in what Montaigne calls " la science de l'entregent." He struck awe in the rampant and roaring Rabagos by the grace of tho salutation, and en- forced reverence by his bow. It is curious lo observa tba relations between physical and mental attitude. The soldier, who stands at attention is a different being from the lout who lounges aud: loafs lb rough existence. Society would not "have become the spasmodic effort it is if io the lapso of etiquette unselfish politeness had not almost dis- appeared. Great dui ness falls on a party of the newly-risen generation when chaff ia exhausted," aud Hiere"' is a check in tho hunt after xcilcment. No one is courteous nowadays without some gain in prospect; deference to the wishes and .attention to the wants of others are no longer the usual proofs of breeding and education. Our neighbours seem to have become our natural enemies, towards whom we have 110 social obliga- tions, whatever may bs our egotist expectations from them ; and in propor- tion OB wo have abandoned the customs of society bequeathed to us by those ' who formed it, a selfish, arrogant exclu- siveness' has been increasing in our manners. Ceremony is a powerful check on our passions and our self-love, lt is tho practice of daily and habitual law ?- which prepares us for assent to thc lex scripta ; it requires coherence in our ! language, and assists our judgment of j others. Lord Mayo provecí his political / wisdom by his revival of etiquette in his Indian Court, and by the ceremonious friendly princes. Tbe moral effect of his manner was sometimes perhaps more impressive than his words. personal relations with There is no surer dissolvent of homo affections than discourtesy, and a domes- tic ritual is almost necessary to due observance of the Fifth Commandment \- tho only ono that promises social sta- bility. Our manners have changed tinco it was usual, for instance, that a son should ask his father's bleBBing before he assumed independence, and our social securities have certainly not im- proved. At the most superficial glance it is plain that our intercourse with our fellows bas lost mach of its old charm, and has become a tax on time and tem- per. We gild our parties with more gold, than we can afliitd;.. tve infuse naughtiness ia vain; champagne is not strong enough to raise our de- pressed spirits, when encompassed by our friend". Interminable croquet, pro. fessional music, desperate dressing, are tho links of life. A symptom of om increasing unsociableness ia tito impossi- bility of general conversation. Our dull and doubtful talk must bo kept private, and tve should sink under boredom mid shyness were vre to Gud ourselves in a salon such as ouco gave tono to the edu- cated world. Let us quote St. Louis, when Joiuville and Robert de Sorbnn held têteh-tétc conversation in public: - " Parlés haut, Get-it, car voz compagnons cuídent que vous mesdisicz d'culz. Se vous parlói au mauger de chose qui vous doie plaire, si dites haut; ou, so non, m vous taisics." Wit is banished from our drawing-rooms by tho egotism that whispers its own ofliiirs, and will listen ta nothing else, and by the shyness that has never bceu cured by obligator}' ceremony. A mau who can salute the I company with grace has learned to stand j social fire. Ia Dr. Daseut's pleasant I story, " Three to One," thero J is a blockhead who wins distinction and regard by merely bowing well. But bowing well means much. And, wanting politeness, ta what have travellers brought travel ? Thoso who have lately boen in thc international crush of the Shine and Switzerland, can boar witness that breeding has at present nothing lo do with manners. Birth carries with it no obligations to self respect, and policemen aro the only arbiters of etiquette. French, English, and Italians emulate Borussians in dis- courtesy. Of Christians, the Russian and the Spaniard still preserve some dignity; and vre ask ourselves whether they owe their superiority to their con- tact with Oriental races, among which domestic ritual is religiously maintained. We all stiffer from the roughness of the well-dressed at railway stations, in exhibitions, in tho crush at tho opera, or the great party of the season. We will not, however, lament the mobbing of certain great personages, for they have earned it by seduously discouraging etiquette, aud so becoming leaders of the general conspiracy against habitual respect. 