WILL OF NAPOLEON III. (rom L'Ordre.) In the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling an aggravation of the symptoms of the disease whioh wa soos to prore fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate success of the operation which hise physicians had declared to be indispensable, w as anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testament. The will of the Emperor Napoleon III. is drawn up in two very distinct parts. The statesman, the Bovereign, the dynastic chief, speaks in one; in the other, the private gentleman, the father, the friend. Motivea of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon, will not allow of our publishing-at least, at present-the will of the privato gentleman. The lee and bequests with which the dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest the public .in a point of view of morbid curiosity which at would scarcely be proper to gratify at the present moment. But the political will is a different thing altogether. Thi, from the hour of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed that this will is built upof a series of notes, thoughts, reflections, provisions, remcem braneea, written in meditative mood, during the tedious bours of exile. At the very moment when the Emperor saw rising before him the probability of an impending oatas trophe, he reoted satisted with the compilation of these.otoe, to which he was hardly aware that he wos givmng the last touch. This is the dooement we spealkif, and which we print without reflecting or commeiag on: "In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Pather,the Son, and the Holy Ghost. '"Made aware by unheard-of misfortune of the un certainty of worldly concerns at an age when it may please Divine Providence, after so many cruel trials, to withdraw me from this lifo before I have been able peronally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of acoomplishing, I owe it to the honour of my name, to my responsibility before history, to the future of my race, to beqneath to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspirations, suech instruction as may gside hia conduct, in the hope that Heaven, eoothed by'the overwhelming catastrophes which hare fallen on that beloved French nation, will nhot him in his e-deavours to reinvest his country with its past glory, praperity, and grandeur. " W-eighed down by the most unmerited and most infamous esouritiona, I have hitherto left to history, everimpartieland ever true, the care of my justification. "Duringthe twentyyears that Iwas called upon by the national will to manage the affairs of France I have reigned independently pof any core with regard to dynaatib interests or personal satiefalction. I feel the legitmate pride of beidg able to declare that I have brought. that country to the highest degree of pros inttyr uliSeeo, and Joat that it has ever been given to amy monarchy of the past to enjoy. While mein taming order in the interior, and opposing an iron hand tothe baneful coretousness of the disinherited elaii s, I have brought all my efforts to bear on the ?moial, solitical, and social emancipation of the la bourer. Under noother rdgimehasthe workman been Sin amore prosperous condition. Never have the rela. tisis between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and satisfaetory way. P'lotwithhtanding the renown of military glory ibhi?b.~attahoed to the founder of my race, I had dreamed, I haddesrired, to exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratio and social emancipation; a ia whuen at the opening of my career nsa asovereign, &iidat; Bordeaux that 'the Empire was peace,' I sxptessed the most sincere conviction that was ever 0~reyted to Europe and to the world. S'nut next to the aspirations of my heart were the ditlesof the monarch, and when I was induced to draw the sword it was never for any other motive than 'to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honoetar FPianos.. In the Orimea, in Italy, in China, ?in Oshn China, in Asia-Minor, the triumphs of my allntarmy have exalted the grandenr of the country. :'Atihe time of life when I am ponning these lines inthe eipectation ofaoon appearing before God, who w.illjudge.me, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for dheres. I leave to my son, withll the recommendation o~f iltimtely making esuch use of them as the honour f any name and his own may require, the complete series o'f dooumeats which will show that, in respect to.the Mexican expedition, interrupted by imperious m.otives of international right, and also to that last . andA~tal war against Prussia, l onase more hadsolely inliew the honour and interests of the country who for the third time in the space of twenty years had by a ial vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. "Hstory will explain how a eries of fatal and un foreseen misfortunes, inevitable casualties, improvi dent advisee, disappointed provisions, improbable re Ssaniteanded in the failure of the most generous effort vervr attempted to affirm the prerogatives and pree dominanoe of Frande. "-An .unmentionable crime has complicated the -eatastrophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised my perconal safety to secure that of my army, and to conoelandes necessary peace, in Paris brainless dema gogues were working the ruin of France by effording to the eono.ering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against them legtimate sovereign. A'A day, whleh is not far distant, will dawn when Franoe will know the truth on all the facts and many other topics which have been distorted by calumny and the aniomus of political parties, and on that day Prance, after undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind the twenty yearsof glory, happiness, oand proe. peuity which she owed to the reign of Napoleon. The inastinot of the people are monarchial, and no mon ruhy can reinstate France in a safer position than the o?nqueror of Auaterlitc. "i'f Providence deems my mission accomplished, and bequeaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of reparation, undor the guidance of his excel lent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the'devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, Inadvise him to revert to the principles which inspired myacts't the beginning of my reign-viz., order •th ? a? abroad. " Europe has been too greatly agitated by the recent war? of the latter years, and France may regain her y geand her grandeur without appealing to force. \--.' eeln of my son muset not be one of reprisals, but one . of eparation. Peae within and without. And should the necessity of upholding the national honour compel him to draw the sword, let him rely without fear on the courage of the French army, too accus tomed tosee victory crown itefforts under thie Imperial eagle to remain bowed down under the influenea of a temporary disaster. "Let him at home especially apply himself to developing tihe welfare of the working classes. Let him beware of the enticement held out by certain pro tended liberal doctrines, which under hollow theories conceal cruel disappointments. "Let him see thatrespect is shown to the legitimate prerogatirea of religion, which constitute the basis of all social order. In awarding a necessasry lsre in tihe management of public afrairs to the free debates of the tribune and the press, let him protect the country against the excesses of those discussions which prove snch fruitful sources of barren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order-order upheld in the interest of all and every one. "The experiment of the last eveuts has shown that nations are seldom grateful. France, who had done everything for the enfranchisement of other countries, found herelf deserted at a time of supreme necessity. Ionternational alliances should be founded on the in terests, on the hopes, and not on rights and memo' ries of the past. In a powerful well-uppointed army clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. My son's endeavoure should all tend to wards ensuring the soldiers' comfort. With a men archy firmly grounded on a mighty army France, without having recourse to arms, may repair the dis asters of war. The calamities consequent on anoces eise insurrections during the last two years have not been able to shake the foundations of the fisnancial prosperity laid by the Empire. The Empire will rea der that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore. "But to attain this result, at thie same time that it is nemcessary to proudly display before foreign nations the fag of France--erover respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters-it is incumbent on the nation 4oaint, without weakness, without concession, with . out .romise, that at home the Iprinciple of anuthor ity whic'the nation will once more hasten to conse mate shall b?e?pe.ted." 