THE LEGEND OF THE BELL. Br J . E. Caepektee. 1® ® very old room of one of the most anti quated buildings in one of the most sneient towns in Esgland sat five old men. It was in the olden time, but even then the spot of which we are j I writing was looked upon by the antiquaries ©f i the time— men who have long since gone down into their graves — with inquiring eyes; and many were the old legends, land marks of history, with which it was associated. The old room was one of those in which the solid beams which supported the upper apartments projected low down from the ceiling — itself so low that a man of moderate height could touch it with the palm of his hand. Its door was of red tile, and its huge fireplace, or rather hearth— for fireplace there was none, in the J modem acceptation of the term— efibrded ample space for a dozen individuals to sit beside it, while the crackling log burned at their feet. The building, of which this. room formed a portion, was an ancient hostelry eat inn, and although it was in the main thoroughfare or street as we should j call it, there was a wide open space is front of it, j I about which stood rude benches where the guests I were wont to regale themselves in Bummer. The locality of the town we may not mention ; it has J since become a city, and would not now be recog- ' j nised. The five old men, and they were all very I old, were the bell-ringers of the venerable church J which stood a stone's throw from the hostelry. J They were seated in the deep chimney corner, for j it was in the holly time, and were enjoying them- I selves in inhaling the smoke of the fragrant I Indian weed. For some time they smoked on, j apparently buried in their own reflections. At I length the eldest, whose long, thin, and silvery 1 locks, and spare visage, proclaimed him to he J almost a centenarian, drew a long whiff, and squeaked out half- musingly : " I shall live to see it yet 1" « Never, J ansen !" observed the youngest of the party, a hale old man of three score and ten — I ( never." 'Tis nineteen years last Candlemas, and she looks younger and stronger than ever. What 1 is she ? A girl, a very chit to yon or I ! And do I yon think, Janaen, that you, who have already one | foot in the grave, can hope to outlive her?" I " I tell you it will come to pass, Willy ; the I same thing has happened twice before sinoe 1 1 have been bell-ringing at St. Margaret's, and I j tell you again that it will come to pass." I " Tell us about it, Jansen," said a third of the I party. "You have a wonderful memory, and | belike it will become our turn to tell the old stories of the bells when you are gone." j " When I am gone ! I tell thee, Mat, the old scytheman has passed my door and forgotten me ; 1 here am I to drink a health to King George the j Third, whom heaven grant a life as long as my I own! and I tolled yon bell on the deatti of the j Cherry Charlie. Ay, they were rare times — big j Bess was the only bell that then swung in St. I Margaret's steeple, and she narrowly escaped j being cast into another shape a few years before, | in the civil wars. . Yes ! I have a rare memory." j I " And you were a ringer in King Charles's I time ?" echoed Mat, for they loved to get the old man to tell his old stories about the bells — though they had heard them scores of times before. "Yes," replied Jansen, "I was born in his reign ; but I was a man when he died, and I have tolled big Bobs for William and Anne, and two Georges sinoe then." " Few men, as you, Jansen," observed another of the ringers, in the tone of flattery which seemed .to please the garrulous old man, " can boast of having lived in six reigns." " Seven, boy, seven!" continued old Jansen peevishly, " bat no English bell tolled the knell of the last King Jammie." I " Truth but you have a rare memory !" j j " Oh, rare !" ejaculated the others ; " but tell j us about the bells — the weddingbells." "The first wedding peal that was rung on 1 those bells was for the marriage of old Simon I | Plumtree, the vintner ; a sour, miserly beggar, as I ever palmed off the thin wines of the Cape for the j true Malmsey. Well, he refased the ringers their fees — but I followed him home, and again J demanded them. He turned me out of the house as he would turn out a strange dog. So I told j him I would ring a knell he would little like to hear. In three months after that his wife died— but he paid the dues he begrudged at his,weddmg —ha! ha!" I " Probably he gained more by the burial than by the bridal," suggested old Matthew, j " Yes," answered Jansen, " his wife brought I him three thousand pounds ; but his avariee led I hirn to embark that as well aB his own in the South Sea scheme, and he was buried as a pauper ( at last." " The curse of the bell-ringer was on him : interposed the old ringer who had been addressed as Willy. " No," said Jansen, " (hough people had heard the story and chose to say so— it was only his own avarice working out its own end— so with I the death of his wife, a doctor might have saved her, but old Plumtree saved his guinea and lost his helpmate." " And the second one"- « Was Luke JBradshaw, the mason— his wife lived six years after her marriage— he was sexton of the parish, and refused to fee the ringers, because, he said, he was free of the church— being the servant of it, like ourselves." " A paltry subterfuge, that couldn t rave his wife !" chimed in Matthew ; " bufc your prophecy will hardly come true again. It's twenty yewcs come Candlemas sinoe Peter Shaw married the miller's daughter." "Ah! twenty years — the time is almost up. Peter made a compact with me — we shall see how well he keeps it." " Arid the compact Was"- , . . t " This : Peter was A poorer irian then, though he bad a fair share of tra£e, and fche ltle money that the miller could give him was to enable him to increase £t; he was the last .mm who everre- fused to pay the ringOrtlor the fate of the two old wives' stories, as Peter called them, he also refused to pay the ringers on his wedding-day ; but he eaid, when I paid the customary visit ' Come to me this day twenty years, and if I do I not repent of my bargain I will pay you with I interest.' " 1 " Arid the twenty, years will be up next Candle- 1 mas." "I shall live to do it yet," was the only remark that the old man made ; nor could all the persua sion of his fellows induce him to discourse further of the stories of the bells. From the above conversation the reader will I gather nearly all we have to communicate respecting this singular compact. It was not through parsimony that Peter had refused the customary fees to the ringers on hiB wedding-day; but to prove he was above the vulgar prejudices 1 of the time. Matters had thrived with him since he married ; the old miller had died and left him a considerable earn, and in his own trade he had been equally euooessfuL He had not forgotten his compact with Jansen, and had frequently wondered at the prolonged life of the bell-ringer, iuwguuog, uviu usd ago, «ui» ue would 6V6r I live to remind him of it, if, indeed, he had any re- I collection of the circumstances ; which, although I Peter doubted, he was determined not to take 1 advantage of. In spite of a strong and well- 1 constituted mind, the pewterer could net help 1 feeling some anxiety as the termination of the I twenty years approached, and it was with great j delight that on the eventful Candlemas Day he I found his wife in her usual health. u At least," I he said, the old churl shall see that I have not j repented of my bargain ;" and, going into his 1 counting-house, he was about to send for Jansen when the old man came hobbling up to the door. I "Well, Jansen, I'm glad to see you. I was about tosend for you, to prove to you that I have I not repented my choice, and to express a hope I that you, who have been spared so long, will not go down to the grave without feeling that with the great Disposer of Events rests the fiat of life and death. Here are the ringers' fees, and with such I interest as even your scruples will be satisfied j with," and he placed in the hands of Jansen five little packets, each of which contained ten golden | i guineas. The old ringer mumbled out his thanks, and I sought his companions at the inn. J "The charm is broken," they said, "Jansen will never toll the bell for another funeral !" " For one more— for one more !" said Jansen, I feebly ; even the event of the day could not root I out the superstition from his mind, j " I dreamt, last night, that I was tolling Big | BesB for the last time — and that I was a ghost tolling a bell for my own funeral." The day following an event occurred that long | after afforded a theme for the gossips of the town. It was the Sabbath, and Peter and his wife attended service in their usual seats. During I the sermon Mrs. Shaw was seized with apoplexy | and carried out of the church a corpse. j On the day of the funeral, JanBen, who, Bince j he bad become feeble, had usually taken his | grandson, a man bordering on fifty, to assist him I in ringing the mighty bell, persisted in going to the belfry alone. As the funeral cortege ap- j proached the churchyard the bell suddenly ceased. People thought at the time that this was done pnrposely, because the deceased had, by one day only, falsified Jansen's prediction. Several hours after the companions of the latter sought him in the belfry. He was dead on the floor. The rope which he had twisted round his arm had carried him off his lege, and, no longer having strength to subdue the huge mass of metal, he had been dashed to the ground and killed. The story is still current in the neighbourhood, 1 where they even say that the day of his inter- 1 ment the bell tolled of its own accord ; and even declare that it was his own ghost that tolled it ; mid add that for many years after, at Candlemas, | the bell has been heard to toll, but with a strange I unearthly sound like distant music, and then only by those who believe in ghosts and witch craft. Be that as it may, there .are many stfli living who believe devoutly in the Legend of the I Bell. . The reasons " why men don't marry" were fully explained in a lecture given the other day by the Rev. Henry Morgan to the Young Men's Christian Association in New York on this ques tion, interesting alike to Christian young women as to Christian young men. The reasons, accord ing to Mr. Morgan, are eight in number, and are as follow : — First, because they cannot get the woman they want — they look too high for beauty, talent, and perfection, which are beyond their reach; second, because they are cowards — they dare not " face the music," and quake at the lightning flashes of a fair maiden's eye; third, because they are sceptical — they have no faith in a woman's constancy, and believe her weak and frail ; fourth, because they are selfish and stingy, and do not think they can support wives ; fifth, because women of genius are not always good housekeepers (the rev. gentleman advised his audience not to marry geniuses) ; sixth, because of man's own extravagance— many young men spend their incomes foolishly and cannot afford to marry ; seventh, because they are afraid of divorce, which is made by the laws too easy — free love, Mr. Morgan thinks, is poisoning the system of marriage ; and eighth, because of woman's extravagance — it costs as much, the lecturer said, to launch a woman on the sea of life in these times as it would to fit out 'a small schooner. As to sails, cordage, pennants, and streamers, the difference, he thinks, is in favour of the schooner. As to her outfit, she has to be freighted with bonnets, veils, neck- laces, earrings, pins, chains, bracelets, rings, ruffles, bows, bands, buttons, loops, folds, pipings, plaits, silks, muslins, laces, fens, boots, siippers, parasols, collars, cuffs, nets, chignons, waterfalls, "rats," "mice," braids, frizzles, puffs, curls, panier, tournure, and Grecian bend. What a cargo, ejaculated Mr. Morgan, was this for such a small vessel ! Few are the underwriters who take the risk in such a craft, and few were the men who would marry this "Dolly Varden walking advertisement." The lecture was heard with deep emotion by a vast concourse of Christian young men, and those parts of it which women's failings were greeted with wild applause.- Pall Mall Gazette." I Newspapers certainly cannot be manufactured I without noise. Next door to the " GttpW" I office in London, Mr. Prtoe keeps hiB lodging i I house- He makes up ninetyeight neat ahdr comr I forteble beds in which his patrons might pne and " J all slumber deliriously, but for the frightful hoise I oorasioned by the " Graphic" pressbs. Ifc. I Brioe has asked a Oourt of Crotooery to TestiM j ip Graphic" people from printing their news- paper. He is very fair about the matter. He has no objection to the publication of the news- 1 I paper. He merely objects to its being printed — l 1 that is all. i 