THE MURDER OF CAPTAIN LONG MUIR. (Abridged from the Herald.) On Monday morning the adjourned inquest on the body of Captain Longmuir, master of the ship Rifle- man, found dead in his cabin on the 16th March when the ship was on the high seas, was resumed before the Sydney City Coroner The man Krauss was again before the court in custody. The additional evidence was to the following effect -When the discovery of the body was made, Mr Morgan turned to Krauss (who it will be re- membered, had assaulted him) and said, "You scoundrel, you have killed the captain " Krauss re plied, " It was not me, sir, it was the cook " There was evidence that, during the voyage, drink had been smelled on Krauss, but he had not been seen to be drunk. Mr Newton, the second officer of the ship, and a passenger named Schulle, had seen the captain strike Krauss on the morning of the 16th March, when he complained of Krauss being dirty, and Krauss then said " If you strike me, you had better look out for yourself" Newton, the second officer of the ship, described Krauss as being habitually dirty in his dress, and Schulle said that when he had changed, in obedience to the Captain's order, be was still as dirty as before. On the evening of the previous day, the grog served out by Krauss to several of the-ship's company and to Mr Newton was found to have a bitter taste, and it made those who took it vomit and purge freely The cook of the ship, Philip Hall, bad had similar symptoms after eating some bread made and given to him by the steward (Krauss), there was a " sour twang" in the bread, and the symptoms remained for some time. When spoken to of the effects of the rum, the steward said " it's the regular stingo, it's out of a new cask " There was corroboration of Mr Morgan's evidence that when charged with the murder Krauss said "I know nothing about it, all I have got to say is-that I have been drinking heavily ever since I left London, and if you look down the lazarette you will find the empty bottles " When ar- rested by SENIOR CONSTABLE WILLIAM MARTIN of the Sydney Water Police, and charged with the murder, Krauss said " I did not know what I was doing at the time, I must have been out of my senses, an explosion took place in the lazarette which burnt my hair off." He was asked about this explosion, and said " It was about three weeks before I did it " The officer inquired "Did what ?" and Krauss, having hesitated a moment, answered, " About what occurred on board." While coming across from the Rifleman in a boat, his attention was directed by Martin to two or three captains as being friends of Captain Longmuir, Krauss said, " I am sorry for it, it cannot be helped now-it was God's will." The medical evidence proved that the death of Captain Longmuir was the result of the fractures visible on the skull. The viscera were so much decomposed that examination was impossible. The steward's pantry was searched for memoranda, but the only English letter found was that given in our last issue. There were a number of scraps with writing on them in Latin, Italian, German, French, and English. The memos, in Latin referred to the treatment of a black seaman for a tubercular disease ; the English are notes of dis- bursements of stores ; one of the French memos is to the following effect,--" On the morning of the 19th February we passed the Cape de Verde Islands, all goes well." The memos in German are the follow- ing detached sentences :-" The longest day has an end- O Lord into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail- at times headache comes from much growling.-Those who fall into the -wolves' den, must hold with them." The memo in Italian, which in its bearing on the case seems to be the most important of all, is without date, and to the following effect :-" There has been a very great row (baruffa grandissima) with the captain (described as Signor ii capitano') (Humiliation-Bassamento?) who struck me a blow on the head The whole thing arose out of nothing at all, on my part deserv- ing of such treatment ' This extract will show that at the time it was written, Krauss was brooding over a blow received from the captain. All the memos in the several languages have been written in a re- markably neat hand They seem to have been writ- ten at different times. The evidence of an expert proved the letter already printed to have been in the same handwriting as that of the book kept by the steward for the disbursement of stores "The jury found Krauss guilty of the murder of Captain Longmuir, and he was committed for trial He thanked the-coroner for allowing him to sit,, and asked whether he would be allowed a legal adviser He was told that if he had means be could employ one, and if not, that he might ask to have counsel assigned him. The prisoner was then removed. 