Literary Matters. THE LAUREATE'S ODE TO THE QUEEN. MESSRS. STRAHAN AND Co. have just com- <*> pleted their handsome library edition of Alfred Tennyson's works—and in no more fitting and appropriate form have the Laureate's poems Tver gone forth to the pobhe. The two dosing volumes, the fifth and sixth, contain the perfect Arthurian Fpoe, on which the poet has labored so long, and with such lingering devotion. Hera a* last we have a consistent and definite amnjement of the many Idylls of the King; fcapianing with the " Coming of Arthur"— attributing to the latest published of all, " Gareth and Lynette," the first place among the legends of the Bound Table—and dosing, after the passionate poem in which Gui nevere's sorrow and repentance are pourtrayed, with the first, and in some respects the best of all the Idylls, "The Passing of Arthur," first pub lished a full generation ago. Every one must re member the impressive and high-toned dedica tion to the "Idylls" which the Laureate penned after the death of the Prince Consort—the 11 noble father of our Kings to be ;" and it will •eem to most as natural that the splendid British Epic thus inaugurated should dose with an address " To the Queen," contrasting in some striking respects with that which Tennyson wrote on his appointment to the Lanreateship. We need make no apology for doing the amplest justice to these lines — worthily crowning a worthy issue of the Laureate's works—by quot ing them simply as they stand, in all their elo quent vigor, their noble scorn of the ignoble, and their touohing references to that do*p anxiety whioh tittle more than a year ago threw mob a gloom over England. The whole British people will gladly read these bold and energetio ▼arses, which show that the Laureate is far from being indifferent to the questions that agitate our time. To thi Qunir. O Loyal to the royal in thyself, And loyal to thy land, as this to thee — Bear witness, that rememberable day When, pale as yet, and fever- worn, the Prince Who scarce had plnck'd bis flickering life again From half- way down the shadow of the grave, last with thee thro' thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man And welcome! witness, too, the silent cry, The prayer of many a race and creed, and clime— Thunderless lightnings striking under sea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us—" Keep you to yourselves; So loyal if too costly! Friends—your love Is but a burthen: loose the bond and go." Is this the tone of empire? here the faith That made us rulers P this, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hougoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven ? What shock has fool'd her since, that she should speak Bo feebly P wealthier—wealthier—hour by hour! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half-lost among her seas ? There rang her voice when the full oity pealed Thee and thy Prince! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own fsr sons, who love Our ocean-empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness: if she knows And dreads it we are fall'n.—But thou, my Queen, Vat for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Bather than that Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams tike a doud, man-shaped from mountain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one Xouch'd by the adulterous finger of a time That hover'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements ; take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours: for some are scared who mark Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy truoklings to the transient hour, And fierce or careless looseners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn of simple life, Or Cowardice, the child of lust for gold, Or Labor, with a groan and not a voioe, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'n from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that whioh knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm: the goal of this great world Ides beyond sight: yet—if our slowly-grown And crown'd Bepublie's crowning common sense, Thit saved her many times, not fail—their fears Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. Our colonial readers will note with interest the stinging allusion to the articles of the Times with respeot to the future of Canada. An unenviable distinction is conferred on the leading journal by introducing its recent startling suggestions about Canada as " a strain of shame." And that trae North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us, —"Keep you to your* selves; So lojal is too costly! friends—your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond, and go." Is this the tone of empire ? here the faith That made us rulers ? At the last meeting of the Colonial Institute the quoting of these lines by Lord Bury, and his comments upon them, caused the greatest enthusiasm. There were present on that occa sion representatives of many of the British colonies. Their prolonged cheers which rang out in favor of a consolidated union of the Empire and her colonies, were proof that a fer vent loyalty to the mother-country prevails throughout her dependencies. The election of the Poet Laureate as an honorary member of the Colonial Institute was, on such an occasion, a graceful and appropriate act.— London Colonial News. At Thorn, in Prussia, tbo four hundredth anniversary of the birthday of Copernicus was celebrated on Wednesday, February 10. Speeches were" delivered by several scientific men, and a ball was given in the Town Hall. Copernicus was born at Thorn, in 1473. A KXxiVb Japanese paper is now being pub lished in London under the imposing name of the Tai Sei Shimbttn, or Great Western News. The first number has appeared. It is edited by a Japanese resident in London. The prospectus •ays: —The immense advance whioh Japan is making in material progress renders the present moment opportune for the establishment of a newspaper in the metropolis of the West, to serre as a means of communicating further knowledge of Western arts and policy among the millions of Japanese who are now desirous of learning all they can of foreign nations. It is proposed, therefore, to publish immediately a newspaper, which shall clearly reflect the opinions of Japanese who hare seen the world and learnt European languages for the benefit of their countrymen in their Fatherland. It will be the object of the editors to represent fairly the condition of the European nations in their political, moral, and religious aspects, and to select for commen dation such arts and inventions as they have become acquainted with in their experience. The paper will be illustrated, to as to convey the most vivid ideas of the objects explained, and to simplify description. Advertisements to a limited extent will be received in any Euro. pean language. These will be translated care* fully into Japanese under the superintendence of Professor Summers, of King's College, who will act as co- editor. A circulation of 1000 copies will be guaranteed .for the first three months, after which probably a larger number will be required. A portion of this number will be circulated among the 700 Japanese residents in flurope and America, and the remainder will be forwarded to Nagasaki, Osaoca, Yokohama, and Yedo, for circulation in the Japanese Empire. 