I^clccf GIRLS! Diogenes wandered, o long time ago, In the streets of old Athens, ns maybe you know; Prom tbe £ourt andihe hall, -to the cot and the camp, ~ At noonday, through sunlight, yet carried a lamp. The young men all shouted, as sometimes the; will To their elders, though often they'd better keep still.' , "Say, what arc you after ? Di, what would you find ? Are you looking for * matter, or motion, or mind ?" The old cynic paused, held his lantern up iiii'h, Flashed forth a contemptuous glance of bis eye ; " I am trying to find, but I doubt if 1 can, With you as a sample of mankind—i man !" And back went the party, back from the Greek hub; They went to their duties, and lie to bis tub, Till:- movement is finished, with Greece we are through, And are brought now to somewhere in sevjuty- , two. II# was standing alone, or his visible ghost— 1 scarcely cm tell which »'i'l be believed most; For I mean this same cynic who sneered his last sneers ' Long ago, somewhat longer than two thousand years. He watched as the gay groups of girls wandered by, With their flummeries on and their hair done up high, With their panniers and rufllea, their saslies and frills, And their three-button gloves that help run up big bills ; Their ae parasols, tnd their hoots with high heels, And their—oh ! at the sight of it how his brain reels 1 He turned to a man who then stood by his side : " 1 returned from Eiysium, where I reside, To look at tbe earth and see how she gets on, "What ill things are finished, what good ones begun. Would jou toll, if you please, what those strange creatures arc ?" '' Where " There goes one now with that frowzlc of bair." He answers. Di starts, for he says 'tis a woman. '• Oh, man uf this age, you can't mean it is human 1" "Why, you sure ought to Bee—sbe is Gre.'k, every speck— Grecian bend, Grecian twist, and her curls a h Grcc." . " Not a bit of it," wins ho , "you libel my lanJ, And tbe womankind too! llow can that creature stand ? And she thinks she is graceful and classic ! Ah me ! That 1 should return that as wmuan to see '. I sought once for luen, and 1 found only boys. And now for the woine* I see gaudy toy6. Is mankind a farce and humanity blind That a type of the race in no age 1 can find ?" Ill) finished and vanished. Oh, girls, lovely girls, With your crimps and your braids, with your roils and your curls, 4 And the rest that it is pretty, I know how it is That you wear thai slyle first and yon then assume this! Vou want lo look graceful—I know ail that well— I'm a girl, and a girl's wish 1 surely can tell. But, girls, can't wc ti^riot too much to astound, Should a crowd uf old cynics rise up fro.u the ground ? Can'I. wc keep all the grace and the lieau'y, and yet Not too far on (he side of the false aim Jfo get? Cant we (girts, may 1 preach just n little to you ?) Remember that life has much good work to do ? Don't abandon (be beauty, but nevertheless IJeniember you're put lieie lo please and to bless. Girls, take up the blessing, for chance you must find, And don't let the dressing take up all your mind. 