SPIRIT » PHOTOGRAPHS" AGAIN. The notion that the photographer's camera could take cognizance of objects invisible to the herman eye has met with scant credence outside the circle of professed spiritualists, and the organs of public opinion have not hesitated to denounce the alleged manifesta- tions as impostures. By no section of the press have these so-called spirit photographs" been more strongly condemned and ridiculed in past years than by the BrUUJi Journal of Photography. It is therefore undoubtedly somewhat startling to find this well-known and deservedly respected periodical beginning to treat the subject as one worthy of scientific attention. In its issue of July "14 is a paper bearing the heading of " Spirit Photography," from the pen of Mr. John Beattie, an ex- professional photographer of eminence, which we reprint for the benefit of our readers : "If our senses perceive any phenomenon we do not understand, and so strange that our reason at first refuses to inquire into the likely causes of it, it is, in such a case, manifestly our duty to see, first, that the new appearance is not opposed to the known and clearly demonstrated truth we are already acquainted with and, secondly, to make careful note of all relating to such appearance, in order that if it re-occur a sufficient number of times, and at the same time under the observation of a strict and free mind, facts will become plentiful enough to point the way to the law or laws upon which the strange phenomenon depends. It must be obvious that if we refuse to sift and second appearances which take place, on the ground that they seem to go against our experience, then little fresh ground will ever be broken. But what have the brains of our scientific men been employed in doing during this century ? Why, they have been making revelations, bringing to light and reducing to law and usefulness principles that seemed opposed to all past experience and knowledge. As, for instance, look at the deep-sea soundings ; the men so employed have brought to light facts that have completely upset the notions held of organic life in the sea even a few years ago. " I make these remarks as an introduction to some statements I am about to make relating to some experiments in a new branch of photography, namely the power or possibility of photographing forms invisible to ordinary eyesight, and that these forms indicate the presence of unseen intelligent beings of some sort controlling the forms so photographed. i " Last year, at this time, I made a long series of experiments of the same kind. The results of these experiments have astonished many scientific men both in this and other countries. Many smiled, and said I was self received all gave me credit for truth, but few for brains. I can assure my readers that one thing is true of me I always look right into everything. I am pledged to nothing but truth and if I see a thing is straight I will not say it is crooked. Similar experiments have been made by many men in various parts of America and Europe. Some have been successful, some have failed, and some, I believe, were guilty of deceiving in the matter. My last years experiments I recorded at the time. I will now give briefly an account of my first experiment this year. "I, accompanied by a friend, called to seek professional man, whom we did not find at Lorne. Being disappointed, I observed' I have long wished to see Mr. Hudson, who is said to have produced spirit photographs.' My friend agreed to accompany me, and in a few minutes' time we were in a cab, on our -way for Holloway-road. I fully instructed my friend as to keeping my name unknown to Mr. Hudson. My companion being an amateur photographer, he was easily ' coached upon that point. In a short time we were at our destination, and, cabby discharged, we entered a respectable-looking house. The reception-room seemed as usual in ordinary establishments. A lady remarkable in appearance attended to us. She was moSt civil, modest, and unassuming in her hearing. The head was broad set, indicating considerable balance of character. After some talk I asked if her father ever made experiments in spirit photography. She re- plied Yes; sometimes.' Was he successful ? ' Only occasionally. She had just taken from a drawer some samples to show us, when Mr. Hudson came into the room. I scanned him over from head to foot. He seemed about 56 years of age, of a sanguine nervous temperament, much like a retired actor ; he possessed a good frontal brain, but low in all the executive organs, self- esteem, firmness, and the instinct of persistence being all defective-a man you would not take for a deceiver, yet one you would sup- nose might be easily led. "But I find I must be brief. Aster sufficient conversation for us to understand each other, he said-' Do you know my terms "I' I answered 'No.' He replied They are one guinea, and I make three experiments. If nothing comes on the plates I cannot help it. The daughter had told us that Mr. Young had died, and had a complete failure. " I then said" I suppose you will allow me a full chance, along with my friend, of investigating the experiments as they pro- ceded?' He answered'Yes,'freely. We then went out to a garden and into as common a class room as any I have been in for years, it had an A-shaped roof, with light on both sides. The side and roof lights were cut tained with what once had been white but were now yellow curtains. At one end was a background painted seemingly in oil colour of the usual time. This stood about 2ft. from the wall, leaving room for a person to sit or stand, in a partially dark stain, behind it. At the other end was the usual operating room, freely lighted with yellow light. The bath was a common one, made of porcelain, without case or lid. The camera was a well worn bellows one, about 10 x 8, drawn in to suit a portrait lens of about six inches back focus. All the machinery I most scrupulously examined, and at the same time had the use of my friend's eyes and other senses. I asked for the glass to be used, and I secretly marked it. We saw it coated and prepared. ? "The daughter was to sit as the medium. I said I would rather she would stand by me than sit behind the ground, which was agreed to. All being ready, I sat profile to the background, in order that I might see it, my friend at the same time controlling the exposure. The sitting occupied about one minute. The result was a failure, no ghost being then in attendance. " In the next experiment all was the same, except that the medium sat behind the back- ground. On the picture being; developed a sitting figure besides myself came out in front of me, and between the background and myself. I am sitting profile in the picture ; the figure is in three-quarter position, in front. of me, but altogether between me and the background. The figure is draped in black, with a white coloured plaid over the head, and is like both a brother and a nephew of mine. This last point I do not press, because the face is like the face of a dead person, and is under-lighted. In my lost trial-all, if possible, being more strictly attended to than before, and in the same place, relative to me-there came out a standing female figure, clothed with a black skirt, and having a white coloured, thin, linen drapery, something like a shawl in pattern, upon her shoulders, over which a profuse mass of black hair loosely hung. The figure is in front of me, and, as it were, partially between me and the camera. . "A fourth experiment was tried, in which I did all the work and my friend sat, but there was no result. "I wish, if this business be oil deception, someone would make a hole' through it for me. Mr. Hudson was exceedingly careless as to my doings. He left me in the dark room many minutes together, and there was nothing I left unexamined. resides, in my own town, on Tuesday last, in making a series of experiments, I got results of a singular character, but which it will not publish until they are a little farther advanced. "Now to conclude : if the figures standing by me in the pictures were not produced as I have suggested (remembering their possibility has been otherwise proved I do not know how they were there but I must state a few ways by which they were not made. They were not made by double exposure, nor by figures being projected in space in any way ; they were not the result of mirrors ¡ they were not produced by any machinery in the background, behind it, above it, or below it, nor by any contrivance connected with the bath, the camera, or the camera slide. "I apologise for taking up so much space with this matter, but I hope the inquiry will interest some of your readers. It may not appear to be capable of commercial application at once ; but surely we are not to measure all knowledge by that standard. If there he truth in this matter, there is no truth so important to our race." Upon this report the editor of the journal makes the following comments : " In another column Mr. Beattie has described some photographic experiments of an extraordinary nature which have been conducted in his presence, and has hinted at others which have been conducted by him self under other circumstances. Everyone who knows Mr. Beattie will give him ample credit for being a thoughtful, skilful, and in telligent photographer on of the last men in the world to be easily deceived, at least in matters relating to photography, and one quite incapable of deceiving others and yet Mr. Beattie comes forward with a statement resulting from experiments performed by himself or in his presence, which, if it mean anything at all, means that there is, after all, really something in spirit photography at any rate, that figures and forms which were not visible to those in the studio, and which were not produced by the operator, have been developed upon the plate with quite as much, and in some instances more, vigour than the visible sitter. The main facts once admitted, the question arises By what means are these figures formed upon the collodion film The first impulse is to attribute it to a double exposure on the part of Mr. Hudson, the photographer. But here a difficulty interposes Mr. Hudson need not be present at all indeed it is but an act of justice to that gentleman to say that, when we were trying experiments in his studio to determine the truth of the so-called "spirit" photography, we obtained entire possession of his dark room, employed our own collection and plates, and at no time during the preparation, exposure, or development of the pictures was Mr. Hudson within 10ft. of the camera or dark room. Appearances of an abnormal kind did certainly appear on several plates, but by whatever means they were caused-and on this we do not intend at present to speak-the photographer had nothing whatever to do with their production. Neither will the ' previously-used-plate ' theory apply in this case, for the plates were quite new, and were obtained from Messrs. French and Co. a few hours before they were used and apart from the fact of their never having been out of our possession, the pack- age was only undone just before the operations were commenced. A step-and a very sensible one-towards endeavouring to elucidate the mystery has, during the present week, been taken by Sir Charles Isham gentleman who takes a very strong interest in this subject. He has provided a binocular camera for the purpose of carrying on the experiments; so that if any 'appearances' are visible on the plates in future their exact relationship to the site will be more readily apparent than heretofore. We shall report the results of the experiments with Sir Charles's camera." i In the Journal of Photography of August 22, is a further contribution from Mr. Beattie as follows: " I have to describe some experiments involving principles so complicated and new in their character that I am puzzled to see my way through what I am so anxious to do ; clearly, in order that there can be no man take as to the true nature of the manifestations. I must therefore preface my description with the statement of a few facts. _ "Light in all its conditions is invisible, and whether simple or compound, it possesses the power of rendering objects, but not itself, visible. If, for instance, what are called the invisible or ultra rays of the spectrum are made to fall upon certain substances, and by their impact have the period of their wave motion either heightened or lowered, they will render such substances the objects of vision. In every case of vision it is some thing or substance that is visible, and not the Unlit alone which is so. "Farther: if vision depend upon the receiving textures of the mind being attuned to, or in harmony with movements of a given exaltation, it is then plain that in some cases individuals will see some substances to be luminous which to others may be completely invisible. in the usual way of experimenting upon the nature of light, we generally shut out all right but that which we are working upon, and, by the use of a most beautiful and complicated set of instalments, we gain all the knowledge possible of its nature. That knowledge has taught us that invisibility and intangibility under ordinary circumstances are no proof of non-existence. Still farther that knowledge has taught us that if luminous mashes are visible only to one or more in a company, and at the same time the said luminosity produces chemical action and heat, it is not the ultra rays condensed that alone produce such effect, but it all depends upon substance, or substances, being so formed, con- densed, or otherwise placed to receive the impact of certain rays in order to produce a given result. the above remarks will prepare the readers mind for my description I have for about six weeks along with the same gentleman and under the same conditions been conducting another series of the same kind of experiments as were described in the Bi UishJottrnal of Phologi aph last year. This time we have had results which by bearing repetition confirm all I then wrote about the question and we find that not only chemical action is evolved but likewise heat his time as before the failures far exceeded the successes but to take up as little of your space as possible I will only make you acquainted with the most interesting of the results The first experiment was as you see on one plate taking three exposures There were two of what are called mediums present One of them sat with his back to the camera facing the background the other opposite to him looking towards the camera In every case, as soon as I got the plate sensitised and put in the camera I took my seat by the mediums leaving Dr Thompson to escape the loss when required to do so. The medium next the background became entranced and then by his influence he caused the other to pass into some strange spiritual condition That condition as will be seen had a most marvellous influence over his power of vision The exposures were about two minutes As soon as the lens was uncapped he used these words I see a are light all over I can hardly see through it In the second he said - Now I see a luminous figure leaning to one side In the third - I again see the figure On development I found the first fogged the second two con turned white luminous figures as minutely stated Another week after but the fourth manifestation before the lens was uncapped and during the exposure he described a suit like pin pie crystal vase, from the centre of the table-so very slight ' It rises higher and expands at the top In the fifth he saw the same light with a pear shaped top In the sixth he said - It now is trying to form shown throwing out pear shaped points and so bright I can hardly look On development I was astonished to find it so exactly as stated in a week after and on the seventh manifestation he described a hat behind him coming from the floor in the eighth he said It rose up and over another persons arms coming from his own boat in the ninth he said There is the same light but now another column comes up through the table and it is not to my h aids Then he as if lightning had been shot into his eyes, exclaimed with great impulse-' What a bright light up their T Can you not see it ?' pointing to it with his hand. You will see by the enclosed what came on the plate when developed-how exactly it answers to the description. " On our next evening we had most strange experiences, but as I record here nothing but photographic facts that they may be on balmed in your columns for future resurrec- tion, I leave all out which would be considered offensive in strictly scientificpoges. " After many failures I had prepared the last plate for the evening, and it was then a quarter to 8. As soon as all was ready, one medium said he saw on the background a black figure, old, and putting out his hand; the other medium saw a light figure-each stating their exact position. On developing this plate there came out, but rather faint, true figures as described. I could not get them to print; I therefore made a transparency, and from it a negative, in order to get printing power. You will see how strange the result is. The black figure evidently belongs to the sixteenth century, is in mail, with long hair. The light figure is indefinite in fact, the result is a negative picture to look at " The next and last, although most singular, can be described shortly. On one exposure (the eleventh) a star or jet of light is seen in the next it enlarges, in the next it is described as a large sun, a little transparent, and on a hand being held in it, it was found hot like the steam from a kettle. The fourth of this set was described as a beautiful sun, transparent in the centre, and a head similar to the one on a shilling being in it. On the development the descriptions were found to be perfectly correct. "lencloBO you illustrations of the above experiments. You can see for yourself how curious they are. i " Allow me a little more space to say in so many words that the experiments above described refuse to be placed in any category of known phenomena. It is suggested by Dr. Thompson to get some of the bisulphate of quinine and try if the luminosity can be made visible to all. "But I cannot ask you for more space now, as I will have shortly to request you to grant me room to explain other experiments, and to say something on their philosophy. I see no escape from the spiritual theory." In a footnote to Mr. Beattie's communication the editor says-The singular specimens accompanying this article are in our office, and may be seen by any person on application." 