The Storyteller. DISOBEDIENCE. By the Author of "Lady Hutton's Ward," &c.; CHAPTER XIII. —Home News, November 9. THE angry, passionate words spoken by Ronald, almost the first he had ever uttered, soon faded from his mind, but they rankled like poisoned arrows in Dora's heart. She believed them. Before evening her husband repented of his anger, and called himself a coward for having scolded Dora. He went up to her, and raised her face to his. "Little wife," he said, "we have both been wrong. I am very sorry; let us make friends." There was just a spice of sullenness in Dora's nature, and it came into full play now. "It is no matter," she replied, coolly; "I knew long ago that you were tired of me." Ronald would not answer lest they should quarrel again, but he thought to himself that perhaps she was not far wrong. From that day the distance between them widened. In after years Dora saw how muoh she was to blame. She understood how dis- tasteful her quiet, sullen reserve must have been to a high-bred, fastidious man like Ronald. She did not see it then, but nursed in her heart imaginary wrongs and injuries; and above all, she yielded to a wild, fierce jealously of Valentine Charteris. For some weeks Miss Charteris saw the cloud deepening on Ronald's face. He grew silent, and lost the flow of spirits that had once seemed never to fail; and during these few weeks a strong resolution grew in her mind. She was his true friend, and she would try to restore peace and harmony between him and his wife. She waited for some days, but at her mother's house it was impossible to see him alone. Yet she honestly believed that if she oould talk to him, remind him of his first love for Dora, of her simplicity and many virtues, that she might restore peace and harmony to her old friend's home. She thought Ronald to blame. He had voluntarily taken active duties upon himself, and to her right judging, dear mind there was no earthly reason why he should not fulfil them. He would not feel hurt at her speaking, she felt sure, for he had voluntarilly sought her aid yean ago. So Valentine waited day after day, hoping to find a ehanee for those few words she thought would do so muoh good; but as the opportunity did not oome, she resolved to make it. Taking.her little jewelled pencil, she wrote the following lines, that were in after time a death warrant .— "Dear Mr. Earle,—l wish to speak to you particularly and privately. I shall be in our grounds to-morrow morning about 10; let me see you there before you enter the house. Your sincere friend, "VAuarran Chabttos." All the world might have read the note, there was nothing in it,—good intentions and a kindly heart dictated it, but it worked fatal mischief. When Bonald was leaving her mother's house, Miss Gharteris openly plaoed the letter in his hands. "That is the first note I have ever written to you," she said, with a smile. " You must not refuse the request it contains." I will send him home happy to-morrow, she thought,—he is easily influenced for good. He must make friends with his pretty little wife, —neither of them looks happy. Bonald did not open the letter until he reached home,—then he read it with a half consciousness of what Valentine wanted him for. " She is a noble woman," he said. " Her words have made me brave before,—they will do me good again." He left the folded paper upon the table in his studio; and jealous little Dora, going in search of some work she had left, found it there. She read it word for word, the oolor dying slowly out of her face as she did so, and a bitter, deadly jealousy piercing her heart like a two edged sword. It confirmed her worst fears, her darkest doubts. How dare this brilliant, beautiful woman, lure Bonald from her P—how dare she rob her of his love P Bonald looked aghast at his wife's face when she re-entered the sitting-room. He had been playing with the children, and had forgotten for the time both Valentine and her note. He cried out in alarm as she turned her white, wild face to him in dumb, silent despair. " What*s the matter, Dora ?" he cried. " Are you ill, or frightened P You look like a ghost." She made no reply, and, thinking she hwd relapsed into one of her little fits of temper, her husband sighed heavily, and bade her good night. Poor foolish jealous heart, she never lay down to rest. She had quite resolved she would go to the grounds and meet them there, the husband who was tired of her, and the woman who had lured him there. She would listen to all they had to say, and then oonfront them. No thought of the dishonor of snch a proceeding struck her. Poor Dora was not gifted with great refinement of feeling, she looked upon it rather as a triumph over an enemy than a degradation to herself. She knew the place in the grounds where they would be sure to meet. Miss Gharteris called it her bower; it was a thick duster of trees, under the shade of which stood a pretty rustic seat, and Dora thought if she placed herself behind the trees she could see—unseen. Before Bonald took his breakfast, Dora had quitted the house on her foolish errand. She knew the way to the house and the entrance to the garden. She had no fear; even were she discovered there, no one could surmise more than that she was resting on her way to the house. She crouched behind the trees and waited for them. It was wrong, weak, and wicked j but there was something so pitiful in the white face full of anguish that one would hardly know whether to pity or blame her. The sunshine reached her, the birds were singing in the trees, the flowers were all bloom ing—she, in her sorrow and desolation, heeded nothing. At length she saw them,—Valentine in her white morning dress, her beautiful face lull of earnest emotion, and Bonald by her side. As she surmised, they walked straight to the trees, and Valentine signed to Bonald to take a seat by her side. Sweetly and clearly every word she uttered sounded to Bonald, but they fell like drops of molten lead on the jealous heart of Bonald's wife. " You must try," Valentine was saying; " I used to think you would be a hero. Yon are proving yourself a very weak and erring man." Dora oould not distinguish Bonald's words so plainly; he said something of "life and its mistakes." "I told you once," said Valentine, "that the man who oould endure so bravely the con sequences of his own actions was a true hero, (bant the wont—that you have made a mis take. You must make the best you can of it, «nd you are not doing that now." "Ho," he nid, gravely. MI «m rtrj un happy i more w than you can imagine, Valen tine. Life seems to have lost all its charms for me. I had Mioh great hopes one*, but they an all dead now.** "You are too young to say that," she replied; Ma little courage, a little patience, and all will be welL If it comforts you to know that my wannest, deepest sympathy is with you—" Valentine Charteris never finished her sen tence j a pale, angry* free and dark, gleaming eyes full of passion suddenly flashed before her. " You may spare your pity, Miss Charteris," cried a hoarse voios. " Why hare you made my husband dissatisfied with me P Why hare you taken his love from me? Why do you write notes asking him to meet you, that you may both speak evil and wrong of his low-born wifeP" "Hush!" said Bonald, sternly, grasping her arm; "stop these wild words Dora; are you madP" " No, not yet," she cried; « but this false woman will drive me mad!" Then Miss Gharteris rose; her calm, grand face unruffled; not a quiver on her proud lips. " Stay, Miss Gharteris, one moment, I pray you," said Bonald, " while my wife apologises for her folly." "It is all true," cried Dora. " She wrote and asked you to meet her here." "Dora," asked her husband, gravely, "did you read the letter Miss Gharteris wrote to me P" «I did," she replied. " And you deliberately came here to listen to what she had to say to meP" he continued,— " you deliberately listened to what you were never intended to hear ?** " His grave, stern dignity calmed her angry passions, and she looked half frightened into his quiet white face. " Answer me," he ssid; " have you crouched behind those trees deliberately and purposely to listen P" " Yes," she ssid ; "and I would do it again if any one tried to take my husband from me." " Then may heaven forgive me for the dis honor I have brought to my name and race!" said Bonald t "may heaven forgive me for thinking such a woman fit to be my wife! Hear me," he continued, and the passion in his voice changed to contempt. "Miss Gharteris is your friend; she asked me to meet her here that she might plead your cause, Dora—that she might advise me to remain more at home with you, to go less into society, to look more at the bright side of our married life, and to be a better husband than I have been lately j it was for that she summoned me here." M I—l do not believe it," sobbed bis wife. "That is at your option," he replied, coolly. " Miss Gharteris, I would kneel to ask your pardon for the insults you have received. If a man had uttered them I would avenge them. The woman who spoke them bears my name. I entreat your pardon." "It is granted," she replied; "your wife must have been mad, or she would have known I was her friend. I deeply regret that my good intentions have resulted so unhappily. Forget my annoyance, Mr. Earle, and forgive Dora; she oould not have known what she was sayiag." " I forgive her," said Bonald; " but I never wish to look on her face again. I see nothing but dishonor there. My love died a violent death ten minutes sinoe. The woman so dead to all delicacy—all honor, as to listen and sus pect, will never more be wife of mine." "Be pitiful," said Valentine, for Dora was weeping bitterly now,—all her fire and passion, all her angry jealousy, had faded before his just wrath. "I am pitiful," he replied. "Heaven knows I pity her. I pity myself. We Barles love honorable women when we bye at all. I will escort you to your .house, Miss Gharteris, and then Mrs. Earle and myself will make our ar rangements." In her sweet womanly pity Valentine bent down and kissed the despairing face. " Try to believe that you are wrong and mis taken, Mrs. Baric," she said, gently. "I had no thought save to be your friend." They spoke no words as they passed through the pretty grounds. Valentine was full of pity for her companion, and of regret for her own share in that fatal morning's work. When Bonald reached the duster of trees again Dora was not there. Just at that moment he eared but little where she had gone. His vexation and sorrow seemed almost greater than he could bear. Chaptob XIV. Thi passion and despair of that undisciplined heart was something pitiful to see. Season, sense, and honor, for a time, were all dead. If Dora oould have stamped out the oalm beauty of Valentine's magnificent face, she would have done so. Bonald's anger, his bitter contempt, stung her until her whole heart and soul were in angry revolt, until bitter thoughts raged like a wild tempest within her. She could not see muoh harm in what she had done; she did not quite see why reading her own husband's letter, or listening to a private conversation of his, was a breach of honor. She thought but little at that time of what she had done, her heart was full of anger against Bonald and Valentine. She clasped her hands angrily after Miss Ghar teris had kissed her, crying out that she was false, and had lured Bonald from her. Any one passing her on the high road .would have thought her mad—the white face, the dark gleaming eyes, the rigid lips, only opening for moans and cries that marred the sweet summer silence. He should keep his word; never— oome what might—never should he look upon her face again—the face he had caressed so often and thought so fair. She would go away —he was quite tired of her, and of her children too. They would tease him and intrude upon him no more. Let him go to the fair, false woman who had pretended to pity her. The little nursemaid, a simple peasant-girl, looked on in mute amaze when her mistress en* tend the room where the babies were. " Maria," she said, " I am going home, over the seas to England. Will you go with me ?" The only thing poor Dora had learned during those quiet years was a moderate share of Italian. The young nurse looked up in wonder at the hard, ringing voice, usually soft as the cooing of a ringdove. " I will go," she replied, "if madame will take me. I leave none behind me that I love." With trembling, passionate hands, and white, stem face, Dora packed her trunk and boxes —the children's little wardrobe and her own, throwing far from her every present either of dress or toys that Valentine had brought. She never delayed to look round, and think of the happy hours spent in those pretty rooms. She never thought of the young lover who had given up all the world for her. All she remem bered was the wrathful husband, who wished never to see her more—who, in presence of an- other, prayed heaven's pardon far making her his wife. She could not weep—the boning brain and jealous, angry heart would have been better for that, but the dark eyes were bright and full of strange, angry light The little ones looking upon her, wept for fear. With eager, passionate love, she caught them in her arms, crying the while that they should never remain to be despised as she was. In the white-faced, angry woman, roused to the higest pitch of passion, there was no trace of pretty, blushing Dora. Bapidly as brain oould devise and hands plan, the boxes were packed, corded, and addressed. Once during the brief time Maria asked, " Where are you going, madam?" And the same dear, ringing voice answered, "To my father's house my own home in England." When everything was ready, the wondering children dressed, and the little maid waiting, Dora sat down at her husband's desk and wrote these lines; no tears fell upon them; her hand did not tremble; the words were dear and firmly written:— " I have not waited for you to send me away. Your eyes shalLnot be pained again by resting on the face ' where you read dishonor.' I saw months ago that you were tired of me. I am going to my father's house, and my children I shall take with me—you care no more for them than for me. They are mine—not yours. I leave you with all you love in the world. I take all I love with me. If you prayed for long yean, I would never return to you, or speak to you again." She folded the note, and addressed it to her husband. She left no kits warm from her lips upon it. As she passed for ever from the little villa, she never turned for one last look at the vine-dad walls. The gaunt silent Italian servant, who had lived with Dora since the first day she reached Florence, came to her in wonder and alarm, barely recognising her pretty gentle mistress in the pale, determined woman who looked like one brought to bay. To her Dora spoke of the letter; it was to be given to her husband as soon as he returned. Not one word did she utter in reply to the woman's questions. She hurried with the keen despera tion of despair, lest Bonald should return and find her still there. Boon after noon, and while Bonald angered with some friends upon the stops of the Hotel D'Oro, his wife reached the busy railway station at Florence. She had money enough to take her home, but none to spare. She knew no rest; every moment seemed like an age to her, until the train was in motion, and fair, sunny Florence left far behind. Without the stimulus of anger Dora would have shrunk in terror from the thought of a long journey alone—she who had never been without the escort of a kind and attentive husband. But no prospect daunted her now-rthe wide seas, the danger of rail and road had no terrors for her. She would fly in hot haste and anger from one who said before her rival that he never wished to see her face again. The same sun that shone so brightly on the blue waves of the Arno lingered almost lovingly on a fair, quiet English landscape. Far down in the fertile and beautiful county of Kent, where the broad Channel washes the shore, stands the pretty, almost unknown village of Knuteford. The world is full of beauty, every country has He share—Switserland its snow-dad mountains, Germany its dark woods and broad streams, Franoe its sunny plains, Italy its "thousand charms of Nature and Art;" but for quiet tranquil loveliness, for calm fair beauty, looking always fresh from the Mighty Hand that created it, there is nothing like English scenery. The white cliffs of Knuteford, like " grand giants," ran along the shore; there was a broad stretch of yellow sand, hidden when the tide was in, shining and firm when it ebbed. The top of the cliff was like a oarpet of thick green grass and springing heather. Far away, in the blue distance, one oould see, on a bright sunny day, the outline of the French coast. The waves rolled in, and broke upon the yellow sand.; the sea- birds flew with busy wing, white sails gleamed in the sunshine. Occasionally a large steamer passed; but from the cliffs of Knuteford the world looked like a beautiful, solitary desert There was no sound save the rich, ever-changing music of nature, the rush of wind and waves, the grand, solemn anthem that the sea never tires of singing. Far down the dtff ran the sig*zag path that led to the village; there was no sign of the sea on the other side of the white rocks. There the green fields and pretty hopgardens stretched out far and wide, and the Farthinglow woods formed a belt around them. There, in the midst of a green, fertile valley, stood the village of Knuteford. It had no regular street; a pretty church, dad with gray ivy, stood on a small hill; there were a few cottages, a few farm houses, a few little villas, one grand mansion, three or four shops, and quiet homesteads with thatched roofs and eaves of straw. One wondered how the little village came there; there was no town within twenty miles of it. It seemed to have been dropped aoci dentally; one oould see no reason for its being there. The prettiest and most complete little farm in the village was the one where Stephen Thome and his wife dwelt It was called " The Elms;" a long avenue of elms led to the little house and skirted the broad green meadows. It was a short distance from the village, so quiet, so tran quil, that, living there, one seemed out of the world. Stephen Thome and his wife were not rich. In spite of Lady Earle's bounty, it was hard for them at times to make both ends meet. Crops, even in that fair and fertile country, would fail, cattle would die, rain would fall when it should not, and the sun refuse to shbe. But this year everything had gone on well; the hay stood in great ricks in the farmyard, the golden corn waved in the fields ripe and ready for the sickle, the cows and sheep fed tranquilly in the meadows, and all things had prospered with Stephen Thome. One thing only weighed upon his heart, and that was, his wife would have it that Dora's letter* grew more and more sad; she declared her child was unhappy, and he could not persuade her to the contrary. It was a beautiful August evening. Ah, how weak and feeble are words! Who could paint I the golden flush of summer beauty that lay over the meadows and cornfields?—the hedgerows filled with wild flowers, the long, thick grass studded with gay blossoms; the calm, solemn silence only broken by the singing of the birds, the lowing of cattle, the rustling of great branches in the sweet soft air. Stephen Thome had gone with his guest and visitor, Balph Holt, to fetch the cattle home. In Balph's honor, good, motherly Mrs. Thome bad laid out a beautiful tea; golden honey that seemed just gathered from the flowers, rips fruits, thick white cream- all nature's luxuries —eitrythmg wumdj, yet the farmer and his guest teemed long in coming. She went to the door, and looked across the meadows. The ! quiet summer beauty stole like a epell upon her. She wm neither elerer nor eloquent; she had hardly been taughteren to read; but the under stood aomethtng of the grand poem unrolled be fore her. Suddenly down in the meadows Mrs. Thome caught sight of a lady, leading a little child by the hand. She was followed by a yoang staid carrying another. As the lady drew nearer, Mrs. Thome stood transfixed and bewildered. Could the summer sun or the flickering shade be mocking her ? Was she dreaming, or awake? Faf off still, through the summer hase, she saw a white, wan free; dark eyes, shadowed and railed, as though by long weeping ; lips, once rosy and smiling, rigid and firm. She saw what seemed to her the sorrowful ghost of the pretty, blooming child who left her long ago. She tried to call out, but her roiee died away in short, hoarse cries. She tried to run forward and meet the lady who came so slowly through the meadows, but she waa powerless to more. Bhe nerer heard the footsteps of her husband and his guest. She only stirred when Btephen Thome placed his hand upon her shoulder, and in aloud, cheery roice, asked what ailed her. " Look," she said, hoarsely, " look down in the meadow there, and tell me—if that is Dora, or Dora's ghost!" She drew near more swiftly now, for she had seen the three figures at the door. The white face and wild eyes seemed aflame with anxiety. "Dora, Dora," cried Mrs. Thome, "is it really yoa?" "It is," said a faint bitter roioe. "lam come home, mother. My heart is broken, and I long to die." They crowded round her, and Ralph Holt, with his strong arms, earned the fragile droop- ing figure into the house. They laid her upon the little couch, and drew the curling rings of dark hair back from her white free. Mrs. Thome wept aloud, crying out for her pretty Dora, her poor, unhappy child. The two men stood watching her with graTe, sad eyes. Balph clenched his hand aa he gased upon her, the wreck of the simple, gentle girl he had lored so dearly. " If he has wronged her," he said to Stephen Thome, "if he has broken her heart, and sent her home to die, let him beware." "I knew it would nerer prosper," groaned her lather,—" such marriages nerer do." When Dora opened her eyes, and saw "the three anxious frees around her, for a moment she was bewildered. They knew when the tor ture of memory returned to her, for she clasped her hands with a low moan. "Dora," said her mother, "what has hap pened? Trust us, dear child,—we are your best friends. Where is your husband?—and why hare you left him f "Because he has grown tired of me," she cried, with passion and anger flaming again in her white, worn face. " I did something he thought wrong, and he prayed hearen to pardon him for making me his wife." " What did you do ?" asked her father, anxi ously. "Nothing that I thought wrong," she re plied ; " ask me no questions, father. I would rather die any death than return to him or see him again. Yet do not think eril of him. It was all a mistake. I could not think hia thoughts, or lire his life—we were quite differ ent, and rery unhappy. He nerer wishes to see me again, and I wOl suffer anything rather than see him." The fanner and his wife looked at each other in silent dismay. This proud, angry woman, with her passionate words, frightened them. Could it be their Dora, who had erer been sun shine and mnsio to them ? "If you do not like to take me home, father," she said, in a hard roiee, " I can go elsewhere; nothing can surprise or griere me now." But kindly Mrs. Thome had drawn the tired head to her. "Do you not know, child," she said, gently, " that a mother's lore nerer fails ?" Balph had raised the little ones in his arms, and was looking with wondering admiration at the proud, beautiful face of little Beatrice, and the fair loreliness of Lillian. The children looked with frank, fearless eyes into his plain, honest faoe. " This one with dark hair has the real Earle faoe," said Stephen Thome, proudly; " that is just my lord's look, proud and quiet; and little Lillian is something like Dora when she was quite a child." "Nerer say that," cried the young mother. " Let them grow like any one else, but nerer like me." They soothed her with gentle, loring words. Her father said she should share his home with her children, and he would nerer gire her up again. They bade her watch the little ones, who had forgotten their fears, and laughed orer the ripe fruit and golden honey. They also drew aside the white curtains, and let her tired eyes fall upon the sweet summer beauty of earth and iky. Was not everything fall of peace? The sun sinking in the West, the birds singing their evening song, the flowers dosing their bright eyes, the wind whispering its " good night" to the shimmering, graceful elms, —it was all peace, and the hot, angry heart grew calm and still. Bitter tears rose to the burning eyes—tears that fell like rain, and seemed to take away the sharpest sting of her pain. With wise and tender thought they let Dora weep undisturbed. The bitter sobbing ceased at last. Dora had said farewell to her lore. She lay white and exhausted, but the anger and passion had died away. " Let me lire with you, father," she said, humbly. " I will serve you, and obey you. I am content, more than content with my home. But for my little ohildren, let all be ac it was years ago." When the little ones, like the flowers, had gone to sleep, and Dora had gone into the pretty white room prepared for her, Balph rose to take his leave. " Surely," said Stephen Thome, " you are not leaving us. You promised to stay a whole week." " I know," replied the young farmer; " but you hare many to think for now, Mr. Thome. The time will come when the poor, wearied girl sleeping above us will be Lady Earle. Her husband knew I lored her. No shadow eren of suspicion must rest upon her. While your daughter remains under your roof I shall not risit you again," Dora's father knew the young man was right " Let me see the little ones sometimes," con tinued Balph; " and if large parcels of books find their way to 'The Elms,' you will know who sent them; bat I must not come in Dora's way i she is no longer Dora Thome." As Stephen watched the young man walking quickly through the long gray fields, ho wished that Dora had never seen Bonald lark. Poor Dora's troubles were not yet ended. When the warm August sun peeped into her room on the following morning, she did not see it shine; when the children crept to her side, and called for mamma, she was deaf to their little roieee. The tired head tossed wearily to and fro; the burning eyes would not dose. A raging fever had her in its fierce dutches. When Mrs. Thome, alarmed by the children's cries, came in, Dora did not know her, bat cried out loudly that she was a false woman who bad lured her liusband from her. They sent in ail haste for aid ; but the battle was long and fierce. During those hours of delirium Mrs. Thome gleaned sorrowfully some portion of her daughter's story. She cried out incessantly against a fair woman, —some Valen tine, —whom Bonald lored ; cried in scorn and in anger. Frequently she was in a garden be hind some trees; then confronting some one with flaming eyes, sobbing that she did not be liere it; then hiding her free, and crying out, "He has ceased to lore me,—let me die." But the time came when the fierce fever burned itself out, and Dora lay, weak and hdp less, aa a little child. She recovered slowly, but she was nerer the same again. Her youth, hope, lore, and happiness, were all dead. No smile or dimple, no pretty blush came to the changed free; the old coy beauty was all gone. Calm and quiet, with deep earnest eyes, and lips that seldom smiled, Dora seemed to hare found another self. Eren with her children the sad restraint never wore off, or grew less. If they wanted to play, they sought the farmer in the fields, the good-natured nurse, or the indul gent grandmamma, nerer the sad, pale mother. If they were in trouble, then they sought her. Dora asked for work. She would hare been dairymaid, housemaid, or anything else, but her father said no. A pretty little room waa given to her, with woodbines and roses peeping in at the window. Hera for long hours erery day, while the children played in the meadows, she sat and sewed. There, too, Dora, for the first time, learned what Bonald, far away in sunny Italy, had failed to teach her—how to think and read. Big boxes of books came from the town of Shorebeaeh. Stephen Thome spared no trouble or expense in pleasing his daughter. Dora wondered she hsd nerer eared for books, now that deeper and more solemn thoughts came to her. The pale free took a new beauty; no one could hare believed that the thoughtful woman with the sweet roiee and refined accent was the daughter of the blunt farmer Thome and his kindly wife. A few weeks passed, and but for the little once Dora would hare beliered the whole to hare been but a long dark dream. She would not think of Bonald; she would not remember his lore, his sacrifices for her; she thought only of her wrongs and his cruel words. The children grew and thrived. Dora had no care at present orer their education. From her they learned good English, and between herself and the faithful young nurse they could learn, she thought, tolerable Italian. She would not think of a future that might take those beloved children from her. She ignored Ronald* claim to them—they were hers... He had tired of them when he tired of her. She never felt the daye monotonous in that quiet farm-house, as others might hare done. A dead calm seemed to surround her, but it was destined soon to be broken. Ohaptbb XV. Bovaed did not return that evening to the pretty villa where he hsd once been so happy. In the warmth of his anger, be felt that he nerer could look again upon his wife. To his sensitive, refined nature there was something more repulsive in the dishonorable act she had committed than there would hare been in a crime of deeper dye. He was shocked and startled, more so than if he had awoke some fair summer morning to find Dora dead by his side. She was, indeed, dead to him in one sense. The ideal girl, all purity, gentleness, and truth, whom he had lored and married, had, it ap peared, nerer really existed after aIL He shrank from the idea of the angry, rehement woman, who had assailed him with rehement words and foul calumnies. He shrank from the woman who forgot erery rule of good breeding —erery trace of good manners, in angry, fierce passion. How was he erer to face Miss Charteris again? She would never mention one word of what had happened, but he could ill brook the shame Dora had brought upon him. He remembered the summer morning in the woods, when he had told Valentine tbe story of his lore, and had pictured his pretty, artiest Dora to her. Could the angry woman who had dared to insult him, and to ealnmniato the fairest and truest lady in all England, possibly be the same ? Bonald had nerer before been brought into dose contact with dishonor. He had some faint recollection at college of having seen and known a young man, the son of a wealthy nobleman, scorned and despised, blackballed from all society, and he was told that it was be cause he had been detected in the act of listen ing at the head matter's door. He remembered how old and young had shunned this young man as though he were plague-stricken; and now bis own wife, Dora, bad done the very same thing under circumstances that rendered the dishonor greater. He said to himself, with a cynical smile, what could he expect ? He had married for love of a pretty child-like face, never giving any thought to principle, mind, or intel lect. The only wonder was that so wretched and unequal a match had not turned out ton times worse. His father's warning rang in his ears. How blind, how foolish, he had been! Every hope of his own life wrecked, every hope and plan of his father's disappointed and dead. There seemed to him nothing left to care for. His wife—oh, he would not think of her !—the name vexed him. He could not stand in Valen tine's presence again, and for the first time he realised what she had been to him. Home, and consequently England, was closed to him; tke grand mission he had once believed his had faded from bis mind. Thinking of all these things, Ronald's lore for his young wife seemed to change to dislike. Three days passed before he returned home; then he was somewhat startled to find her really gone. He had anticipated sullen temper, re newed quarrels, and then perhaps a separation, bat he was startled to find her actually gone. The servant gave him the cold farewell letter written without tears, without sorrow. He tore it into shreds and flung it from him. "The last act in the farce," he said, bitterly. " If I had not been mad I should hare foreseen this." The silent, deserted rooms did not remind him loringly of the young wife, parted from him for erer. He was too angry, too annoyed, for any gentle thooghts to influence him. She had left him,—so much the better) there oould never again be peaoe between them. He thought with regret of the little ones,—they were too young for him to undertake, so that they were beat left with their mother for a time. He said to himself that he must make the best use he could of his life j everything in it seemed ended. He felt very lonely and unhappy as he sat in his solitary home i and the more sorrow pressed upon him, the more bitter his thoughts grew, the deeper became his dislike to his un happy young wife. Ronald wrote to his mother, but he said no word to her of the cause of their quarrel. " Dora and I," he said, " will never lire to gether again,—perhaps never meet. She has gone home to her father j I am going to wander over the wide earth. Will you induoe my father to receive my children at Earleaoourt P— and will you see Mr. Burt, and arrange that half my small income is settled upon Dora P" But to all his wife's entreaties Lord Earle turned a deaf ear. He declared that never, during his life-time, should the children of Dora Thome enter Earlesoourt. His resolution was fixed and unalterable. How, he asked, was he to trust the man who had once deoeived him P For aught he knew, the separation between Ro nald and his wife might be a deep-bud scheme, and that, the children once with him, there would be a grand reconciliation between the parents. " I am not surprised," he said, " that the un happy boy is weary of his pretty toy. It oould not be otherwise; he must take the consequences of his own folly. He had time for thought, he made his own choice, now let him abide by it. You have disregarded my wish, Lady Helena, in even naming the matter to me. Let all men tion of it cease. I have no son. One thing, remember, —I am not hard upon yon,—you can go where you like, see whom you like, and spend what money yon will, and how you wilL" Lady Earle was not long availing herself of the permission. There was great excitement at " The Elms " one morning, caused by the re ceipt of a letter from Lady Barle, saying that she should be there on the same day, to visit her sen's wife and children. The little once looked up to her with wonder- ' ing eyes. To them she was like a vision, with her grand faoe and shining hair, her rich sweep ing dress and jewels} standing in the little kitchen of the farm house, she looked out of place. Stephen Thome and his wife received the great lady, not without some trepidation, yet they were in no way to blame. The fatal mar riage had been as great a blow to them as to Lord and Lady Earle. With the quiet dignity and graceful ease that never deserted her, Lady Earle soon made them feel at home. She started in utter surprise when a quiet grave woman, on whose faoe sweetness and sullen humor were so strongly mingled, entered the room. This could not be pretty, ooy, blushing Dora!—where were the dimples and smilesP The large dark eyes raised so sadly to her were full of strange, pathetio beauty. With sharp pain the thought struck C*dy Earle, " What must Dora have suffered, to change her so greatly!" The sad eyes and worn faoe touched her as no beauty oould have done. She clasped Dora in her arms and kissed her. " You are my daughter now," she said, in that rich, musical voice which Dora remembered so welL MWe will not remember the past i it is irrevocable. If you have tinned against duty and obedience, your face tells me you have suffered. What has come between you and my son I do not seek to know. The shock must have been a great one which parted you, for he gave up all the world for you, Dora, years ago. We will not speak of Ronald. Our care must be the children. Of oourse, you wish them to remain with you P" " While it is possible," said Dora, wearily. " I shall never leave home again | but I cannot hope to keep them here always." " I should have liked to adopt them," said Lady Earle j " to take them home and educate them, but—" M Lord Earle will not permit it," interrupted Dora, calmly. " I know—l do not wonder." " You mast let me do all I can for them here," oontinued Lady Earle; " J have made all plans and arrangements. We will give the children an education befitting their position, without removing them from you. Then we shall see what time does. Let me see the little ones. I wish you had called one Helena, after me." Dora remembered why she had not done so, and a flush of shame and anger rose to her face. They were beautiful children, and Dora brought them proudly to the stately lady wait ing for them. Lady Earle took Beatrioe in her arms. " How beautiful!" she said, admiringly. " Why, Dora, this is the Earle faoe brought to perfection. This child will grow up into a magnificent woman." " She has the Earle spirit and pride," said the young mother i " I find it hard to manage her even now." Then Lady Earle looked at the fair spiritual face and golden hair of little Lillian. The shy dove-like eyes and sweet lips charmed her. " There is a great contrast between them," ■be said, thoughtfully. "They will require careful training, Dora. And now we will speak of the matter which has brought me here." Dora notioed that long as she remained Lady Earle never let Beatrice leave her arms. Oc casionally she bent over Lillian and touched the soft golden curls, but the child with the " Earle face " was the one she loved best. Together with Stephen Thome and his wife Lady Earle went over " The Elms." The situa tion delighted her, nothing could be better or more healthy for the children, but the interior of the house must be altered. Then with delicate grace that could only oharm, never wound, Lady JCarle unfolded her plans. She wished a new suite of rooms to be built for Dora and the children, to be nicely furnished with everything that could be required. She would make the expense all her own. Immediately on her re turn she would send an efficient French maid for the little ones, and in the course of a year or two the would engage the services of an accom plished governess, who would undertake the education of Beatrice and Lillian without re moving them from their mother's care. " I shall send a good piano and a harp," said Lady Earle; "it will be my pride and pleasure to select books, musio, drawings, and everything else my grandchildren require. I should wish them always to be nicely dressed and carefully trained. To you, Dora, I must leave the highest and best training of all. Teach them to be good, and to do their duty. They have learned all when they have learned that." For the first time in her life the thought came home to Dora, how was she to teach what she had never learned and had failed to praetioe? That night, long after Lady Earle had gone ; away and the children had fallen asleep, Don knelt in the moonlight and prayed thai ah* night learn to teach her children to do their duty. As Lady Barle had wished, ao it wm donei the old farm-house wae left intaot, and a new group of buildings added to it. There wm a >retty sitting-room for Dora, and a larger one to terre ac a study for the children, Urge sleep ing rooms, a bath room, and all replete with oomfori. Two years passed before all was com pleted, and Lady Earle thought it time to send a governess to " The Elms." During those years little or nothing was heard of Ronald. After reading the cold letter Dora left for him, it seemed as though all lore, all care, all interest, died out in his heart. He sat for many long hours, thinking of the blighted life Mhe could not lay down, yet cared little to hold." He was only twenty-three—the age at which life opens to most men j yet he was worn, tired, wearied of everything,—the energies that once seemed boundless, the ambition once so fierce and proud, all gone. His whole nature reooiled from the shook. Had Dora, in the fury of her jealousy and rage, tried to kill him, he would hare thought that but a small offenoe compared with the deadly breach of honor— crouebing behind the trees to listen. He thought of the quiet grand beauty of Valentine's faoe while Dora's was convulsed with passion. He remembered the utt eyes when Dora's flamed upon them. He re membered the sickening sense of shame that had cowed him as he listened to her angry abusive words. And this untrained, ignorant, ill-bred woman was his wife! For her he had given up home, parents, position, wealth, hopes,—all he had in life worth caring for. For her, and through her, he stood there alone in the world. These thoughts first maddened him, then drove him to despair. What had life left for him? He oould not return to England; his father's doors were dosed against him. There was no path opened to him; without his father's help he could not get into Parliament. He could not work as an artist at home. He would not remain in Florence j never again, he said to himself, would he see Valentine Charteri*,— Valentine, who had been the witness of his humiliation and diegraoe. Sooner anything than that. He would leave the villa and go some where, he cared little where. No quiet, no rest, came to him. Had his misfortunes been acci dental—had they been any other than what they were, the result of his boyish folly and dUobe dienoe, he would have found them easier to bear | as it was, the reoolleetion that it was all his own fault drove him half wild. Before morning he had written a farewell note to Lady Charteris, saying that he wu leaving Florence at onoe; and would not be able to see her again. He wrote to Valentine, but the few stiff words expressed little of what he felt. He prayed her to forget the miserable soene that would haunt him to his dying day | to pardon the insults that had driven him wild t to pardon the mad jealousy, the dishonor of Dora i to forget him and all belonging to him. When Miss Oharteris read that letter she knew that all effort to restore peaoe would for a time be in vain. She heard the day following that the clever yoong artist, Mr. Thome, had gone. Countess Bosali loudly lamented Booald's departure. It was so strange, she said) the dark-eyed little wife and her children had gone home to England, and th* husband, after selling off bis home, had gone with Mr. Charles Btandon into the interior of Africa. What was he going to do there P She lamented him for two days without ceasing, until Valentine was tired of her many conjectures. He was missed in the brilliant saloons in Florence, but by none, so muoh as by Valentine Charteris. What the pretty coquettish countess said waa true; after making many plans and forming many resolutions, Ronald met Mr. Standon, who was on the point of joining a searohing expedition in South Africa. He gladly consented to ac company him. There was but little preparation needed. Four days after the never-to-be-for gotten garden soene, Ronald Earle had left Italy, and became a wanderer upon the faoe of the earth. [TO BE CONTINUED.] An English paper says:—" The trial of a new apparatus for stopping trains has a peculiar interest for the public at the present moment, the more especially when the particular appli- ance under consideration is said to have 'pre- vented numerous collisions that otherwise would have been inevitable' on the railways which have adopted it. It is unnecessary, perhaps, to add that the railways in question are not English; it is on the various lines of the United States that the Westinghouse air-brake has won its reputation. The London and North western Company have, however, introduced it upon their line, and are employing it between Euston-square and St. Alban's; and on Friday last an official journey was made to the latter place by one of the railway inspectors of the Board of Trade for the purpose of testing its efficiency. The principle upon which the Westinghouse air-brake depends is, of course implied in its name. The apparatus for generating and applying the power employed consists of two vertical cylinders placed one above the other on the engine-frame at the side of the boiler. Of these the upper is an ordinary steam cylinder fed from the boiler, the lower is an air-pump. Beneath the tender is a reservoir for compressed air, furnished with a pressure-gauge, and com- municating by means of tubes with a cylinder and piston under each carriage. By turning a handle the engine-driver allows the compressed air to pass from the reservoir into the tubes and so into the piston cylinders, to that the piston rod of every carriage is moved out in rapid succession from the engine backwards, and the brake power applied. The chief advantage of the Westinghouse brake are said to be, that it is very simple, very powerful, always ready, and capable of instantaneous application. When the rails are in good condition, it will, it is said, stop a heavy train travelling at the rate of fifty miles an hour in from eighteen to twenty seconds, and in a length of from 150 to 200 yards. At the trial on Friday last, with the rails in the worst possible condition, greasy with drizzling rain, a train travelling fifty miles an hour was brought to a standstill in eighteen seconds, and in about 175 yards. It seems highly probable, indeed, as the reporter of tbe trial in question thinks, that 'such a power in the hands of the driver would prevent many collisions, and that it would either have prevented, or at all events greatly mitigated, those which have recently occurred. But from this fact we gather but little encouragement. No one has ever doubted the existence of many appliances for 'preventing, or at all events greatly mitigating,' railway accidents; what is doubted is the willingness of the companies to adopt them. Our need is not so much for an improved method of stopping trains as for an improved method of moving railway directors. SAVING LIFE.—At a meeting of the Royal Humane Society, held at the Offices, Trafalgar- square, a long list of acts of bravery in saving life was brought before the notice of the com- mittee, who bestowed its usual rewards. The most important case was the following :—George Henry Parkins Christian waa awarded the silver medallion for saving the life of a girl named Brown, who fell overboard from the Ariel at Omaha, New Zealand. Christian, who was steering the vessel at the time, saw the girl fall into the sea, and immediately plunged in after her. She had been carried by the current a considerable distance from the ship when he caught her. He supported the girl until one of tbe vessel's boats came up. Home News, November 9. 