Put Yourself in his Place BY CHARLES EEaDE, I At that appalling sooad, tbat hissing ttins ise, tlie like of which he had never heard be lore, and hopea nerer to hear again, EansoHie BPurpedawayataH his speed, and warned the rest of the Village with loud inarticulate cries ; he could not trait to speak, nor was it neces sary. At the top of the hill he turned a moment, and looked up the -ralley; eoonhe saw a lofty ?white vrail running down, on Hatfield Mill : it (truck the mill, and left nothing risible but the roof, surrounded by white foam. Another moment, and he distinctly saw the null swim a yard or two, then disappear, and leave -n« track, and on came the -white -walL hissing and thundering. R&nsome; uttered a cry of horror, and gal loped madly forward, to save -what lives he might. 'WheneTer he passed a honse, he shrieked his warning, but he never drew rein. As he galloped along, his mind worked. He observed the valley widen in places, and he hoped the flying lake would spread, and so lose some of that tremendous volume aud force before which he had seen Hatfield stone mill go down. 'With this hope he galloped on, and reached Poma Bridge, five nules and a half from the reservoir. . . Here to his dismay, he heard the hissing thunder, sound as near to him as it was when halted on the hill above Damflask : but he could see nothing, owing to a turn in the valley. jAtthe bridge itself, he found a Fman stand ing, without his hat, staring wildly up the Y&llev.; He yelled to this man, 'Dam is burst. Warn the village— for their livea— run on. to Hillsborough — when yon are winded, send an other on. You'll all be paid at the Town Hall.' Then he dashed across the bridge. As he crossed it, he caught sight of the fly img lake once more : he had gone over more ground, but he had gone no father. He saw the white wall strike Dolman's farm : there was a light in one window now. H« saw the farm-house, with its one light, swim bodily, then melt aud disappear, with all the poor souls in it. He galloped on ; his hat flew off: he came under the coiner's house, and yelled a warn ing. A window was opened, and a man looked out: the light was behind him, and, even in that terrible moment, he recognised — Shifty Dick. ' The flood ! the fiood ! Fly ! Gfet on high ground, for your lives I' He galloped furiously, and made for liittle's house. Little took a book, and tried to while away the time till Ransome's return; but he could not command his attention. The conversation about Grace had excited a topic which exclu ded every other. He opened his window,, a French casement, and looked out upon the night. Then he observed that Gz-ace, too, was keep ing vigil ; for a faint light shot from her win dow, and sparkled on the branches of the plane tree in her little front garden. ' And that,' thought Henry sadly, ' is all I can see of her. Close to her, yet far off, — farther than erer now.' A deep sadness fell on him, sadness and doubt. Suppose he were to lay a trap for her tomorrow, and catch her at her own door ! What good would it do ? He put himself in her place. That process showed him at once she would come no more. He should destroy her little bit of patient, quiet happiness, the one daily sunbeam of her desolate life. By-and-by, feeling rather drowsy, he la; down in his clothes to wait for Bansome's re turn. He put out his light. From his bed he could see Grace's light kiss the plane-tree. ' * He lay, and fixed his eyes on it, and thought of all that had passed between them ; and, by and-by, love and grief made his eyes misty, and that pale light seemed to dance aud flicker before him. About midnight, he was nearly dozing off, when his ear caught a muttering outside ; he listened, and thought he heard some instru ment grating below. He rose very softly, and crept to the window, and looked keenly through his casement. He saw nothing at first ; but presently a dark object emerged from behind the plane tree I have mentioned, and began to go slowly but surely, up it. , Little feared it was a burglar, ahout to at tack that house which held his darling. He stepped softly to his rifle, and loaded both barrels. It was a breech-loader. Then he crawled softly to the ?window, and peered out, rifle in hand. The man had climbed the tree, and was look ing earnestly in at one of the windows in Grace's house. His attention was so fixed that he never saw the gleaming eye which now watched him. Presently the drifting clonds left the moon clear a minute, and Henry Little recognised the face of Frederick Coventry. He looked at him, and began to tremble. Why did he tremble ? Because— after the first rush of surprise — rage, hate, and bloody thoughts crossed his mind. Here was his enemy, the barrier to his happiness, come, of his own accord, to court his death. Why not take him for a burglar, and shoot him dead ? Such an act might be blamed, but it could not be punished severely. The temptation twas so great, that the nfle shook in his hands, and a cold perspiration poured down his back. He prayed to God in agony to relieve him from this temptation ; he felt that it was more than he couli bear. He looked up. Coventry \ias drawing up a short iron ladder from below. He then go t hold of it, and fixed it on the sill of Grace's window. Little burst his own window open. ' You villain !' he cried, and levelled his rifle at him Coventry uttered a yell of dismay. Grace opened her window, and looked out, with a face full of terror. At eight of her, Coventry cried to her in ab ject terror. 'Mercy! mercy! Don't let him .shoot rue.' 0-race looked round, and saw Henry aiming at Coventry. She screamed, and Little lowered the rifle directly. C6ventry crouched directly in the fork of the tree. Grace looked bewildered [from one to the other; bat it was to Henry she spoke, and Asked him iu tremblin? tones what it ' all meant.' But, ere either could make a reply, a dire sound was heard of hissing thunder : so appal ling tliat the three actors in this strange scene were all frozen and rooted where they stood. Then came a 'fierce galloping, and Bansome with his black hair and beard flying, and his face like a ghost, reined up, and shouted wildly, ' Dam burst ! Coming down here ! Fly for your lives ! Fly !' He turned, and galloped up tbe hill. Cole and his mate emerged, and followed him, howling ; but before the other poor crea tures, half- paralyzed, could do anything, the hissing thunder was upon them. What seemed a mountain of snow came rolling, and burst on them with terrific violence, whirling great trees and fragments of [houses past with incredible velocity. '?^./?'??j.'L.' '...?':? ''f^t^LB At the first blow.the house that stood nearest I | to the flying lake was shattered; and went to I 1 pieces soonafter : all the houses quivered as 1 he water ruahel round them two storeys high. Little never expected to live another minute. ; yet, in that awful moment, his lore stoodfirm. He screamed to Grace. ' The houses must go ! —the tree !— the tree ! get t» the tree!' But Grace, so weak at times, was more than mortal strong at that dread hour. 'What, lire with him,' she cried, ' when I can die with you !' She folded her arms, a«d her pale face was radiant, no hope, mo tear. Now came a higher wave, and the water reached above the window-sills of the bedroem floor, and swep£ away the ladder ; yet, driven forward like a canon-bullet, did not yet pour into the bedrooms from the main stream : but by degree* the furious flood broke, melted, and ?wept away the intervening houses, and then hacked off the gable-end ofGrace's house, as if Leviathan had bitten a piece out. Through that apertuve the flood came straight in,levelled the partitions at ablo w, burst into the upper room with fearf ol roar, and tken, rushing out again to rejoin the greater bedy of water, blew the front wall clean away, and Grace out into the raging current. The water pouring out of the house carried her, at first, towards the tree, and Little cried wildly to Coventry to save her. He awoke from his stupor of heri'or, and made an attempt to clutch her ; but the main force of the mighty water drove her away from him towards the house ; her helpless body was whirled round and round three times by the struggling eddies, then hurried away like a feather by the overwhelmning torrent. The mighty reflux, which, after a short strug gle, overpowered the rush of water from the windows, ana carnea urraue varuen » jjcj^jcdo body away from the tree, drove her of course back towards the houses, and she was whirled' past Little's window with fearfal velocity, just as he was going to leap into the flood, and perish in an insane attempt to save her. With a loud cry he seized her by her long floating hair, and tried to draw her in at the window ; but tbe mighty water pulled her from him fiercely, and all but dragged him in after her ; he was only saved by clutching the side of the wall with his left hand : the flood was like some vast solid body drawing against him; and terror began to seize on his heart. He ground his teeth ; he set his knee against the horizon tal projection of the window ; and that freed his left hand ; he suddenly seized her arm with it, and, clutching it violently, ground his teeth together, and, throwing himself backward with a jerk, tore her out of the water by an effort almost superhuman. Such was the force exerted by tbe torrent on one side, and the des perate lover on the other, that not her shoes only, but her stockings, though gartered, were torn off her in that fierce struggle. He hadhgr in his aims, and cried aloud, and sobbed over her, and kissed her wet cheeks, her lank hair, and her wet clothes, in a wild rap ture. He went on kitaing her, and sobbing over her so wildly and so long, that Coventry, who had first exulted with him at her rescue, began to rage with jealousy. ' Please remember she is my wife,' he shrieked : ' don't take advauge of her condi tion, villain.' ' Your wife, you scoundrel ! You stole her from me once ; now come take her from me again. Why didn't you save her? She was as near to you. You let her die ; she lives by me, sad for me, aud I for her.' With this he kissei her again, and held her to his bosom. ' D'ye see that ? liar ! coward ! villain !' Even across that tremendous body of rush ing death, from which neither was really safe, both rivals' eyes gleamed hate at each othev. The wild beasts that a flood drives together on to some little eminence, lay down their I natures, and the panther crouches and whim pers beside the antelope : but these were men, and could entertain the fiercest of human pas sions in the very jaws of death. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 