THE STAGE. "There's nothing succeeds like (Cyril's) suc cess" (1),--OLD SAw. "Cyril's Success" is a drama of the tame kind, and happily the rage for sensationalism in the shape of railway accidents, hair-breadth escapes, and found-out murders on the stage seems to be on the decrease; and, indeed, it is time. The Boucicault style was always after the way of the ghost in "Hanlcet" "I could a tale unfold whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy ymung blood Make thy two eyes like stars;" and so on until "each particular hair" of a ner vous manl would stail on cad. One Iaving dronIll~nll I, IhL a.t. h al" i.?h worn- ,In htfttlfL ,?t mingled "Flying Scuds," jumping horses, and other phantoms of the night, lie would doubt less attribute the phantasmagoria to an overdose of Boucicault at the theatre and too much en cumber at supper. One is as bad as the other in his opinion. But in the present notice I shall say no more than that ' Cyril's Success" was very good last Saturday night, though Miss Carey did not smake a very "pdlpalle lit" in it. Of course it need not be added, as this was brought out by the Royal management, that a proper attention was paid to the accessories and scenery. St. George's Hall, after being so long vacant, has at last been taken by Mr Geo. Cuppin. By the Caesarewich on Tuesday last, a new band of minstrels, under thle lead of the well-known Emmerson, arrived under engagement to the part lessee of the Theatre Royal, so it seems that the big sunflower will have a chance of being in the ascendant once mdro iin Melbourne. They open next week. Amoingithe troupe may be noticed the names of Aynsley, Scott, G. W. Rockfeller, and Tom Campbell. The loader of the band is Mr G. A. Bond, while Messrs Em mneorson and Sutton are the corner men. All playgoers will be glad to see that such a talented bandl of negro vocalists are about to sojourn amongst us for a time, and most likely Emmenr son and company will make a long stay here. Mr Lyster is desirous of paying a visit with one of his opera troupes to Ballarat, if a suit able place can be found. It is not a well speak ing fact that neither at Sandhurst or Ballarat there is a theatre worthy of these places. Some of the bloated capitalists should take it in hand. Mr. David Miranda's first concert at. the Atheoinum drew a large attendance on Monday evening. One is never tired of hearing Signor Giorza s fantasia on the popular airs of " T'he Grand Duchess." The prncipal vocalists were Miss Lizzio Carandini, lMadamb Miranda Hirst, Miss Octavia Lane, Miss Bassett, Mr. Miranda, bliss Kate Mellon, Miss Marie St. Clare, and Mr. Bucke. Mr. Ilarcourt Lee presided at the piano. Madame Miranda Hirst, in conjunction with Mrs. Cutter, Mr. Beaumont, and Mr. Rainford, will appear to-morrow evening at the Melbourne Town Hall for the benefit of Mr. Harcourt Lee. o Jaot PourTZ. 