BOYAL DRAMATIC SICK FUND. At the annual meeting of thiB fond a dinner was given ; and at it Mrs Stirling, the we l kuovtn actress, spoke as follows:—" 1 tbaufe 70U, Mr Ch»irman, for coupling my name with this toast; we are getting quite an elderly couple. I do not speak it with any feelings of personal vanity. Mo, no, we women leave all that to the men ; bnt it is the recognition of one, at least, of tbe rights of <>nr sex which is implied in this toasl—I mean tbe ripht of women to a share at public dinners—that I haye now to acknowledge. Thi«t right, I was believe, ^r8t a H conceded at these gatherings. Yes tbe room is cur Uumiymede _ and one of your predecessors in that cbair,. six or seven years ag:>—I claim to make short work of retrospective chronology—WKS our King John ; end the barons, I supprse, were the baroDS of beef. Yes, it was here tbat we women won the right to descend from "tbe melancholy mnjesty of the gallery to the londer and livelier level of lhedinner-jtable; r.nd instead of feeding upon lukewarm lemonade and delicious ice, we are now allowed to compete with mnu in the 6ght for appetite and the flow of eloquence. Oh ! it was a great right to achieve; and I only hi-pe that all the other rights of onr sex, including tliat of legislating for man, as well as that «.f prescribing for him iu sickness, may be as fairly won and as veil used. It is true, peibaps, tbat tbe women of the theatrical profession had sums little advantage to start with. Most of us had assumed part of our rights : we had been clothed in man's dress, if not in his authority. Well, ni.w, ladies, and gentlemen, ns to the great question of the day—tbe right of labour and of capital. Is capital to-have a right to our labour with no betterprice paid for it tbau what we individually screw out of our managers ! We actors, as you know, all love to make a hit, but we have never followed the general example and made a strike. Probably it might be difficult to get Sir Elephant Bolster to cast in bis lot at the same rate of pay as the geueral-utility man, the blighted banner-bearer, the mouldy ghost, or the noble (kuk-and file. No, tbe theatrical toiler has not ^et seen the day for striking. No, I think we (Gay fairly claim to be a friendly society— a society as liberal if not as large as the ancient Foresters, the venerable Druids, the antediluvian Buffaloes, or.the convivial Cogers, or any of the other fraternities tbat diEguised charity in great names and queer dresses, £ do not think we are any the worse for keeping our mummery, and masquerading for the boards and doing onr part in plaiu clothes, and—judging from the scene before me—above board. .No, we ehail never make a strike, I am afraid. I really doubt myself, if all through the trades there is one tbat keeps better Saint Mondays, or whose members are more earnest bread winners or who take home a fairer share of the week's earnings, than my theatrical brethren. Our business, then to-uieht, is one of good works and not of indifferent words. Our needs grow with the growth of our crnfr. We are all ' a-growing and a-blowing,' like the spring flowers in. tbe costcrmonger's barrow, and we may soon have theatres planted at arms' length, like a row of trees in the Strand; aud the principal figures of English history, or English drama, contradicting themselves at the corner of every street. Talk about the decline of the drama! Why, what is vitality ? It is decay that keeps Babil end Bijou in wear for more than six month, or dpes it make Genevieve de Brabant anything but a gen u-ine success. The career of the School for Scandal and other piece has rnn ont « length that would have taken Sheridan's -breath away. 1'wiU not ask yen to listen to •ny bitter truths to-)iicht; it la well that we •should treat them with that milk of human kindness, and do all in-our power to benefit our -institution by a plentiful supply of £. s. d„ so that we may administer to our sick brethren funds to-aid tbem'in their distress. We have a solid, work to do, and we do it with the know ledge that we are called upon to assist those who cannot help themselves. We do not look at tbe motives of gifts. No; we eanctify the gift, and hollow the motives of the giver. Then ladies and gentlemen, in tbe name of my sisters I thank you j in the name of the fond I thank you ; for you are going to give of your substance in aid of the sick and needy, in relief of their suffering, and in alleviation of their necessities." Tbe speech of this popular actress was received with cheers and laughter' throughout it delivery. 