MISCEILAUVA. TUBBS ain't much phun in pbiaick, but thara ia a goad deni of |>hi>ieli in pliun.-Josh Billinga. A GnnAT PdEicnF.n.-In u notice of Clio lifo of Dr. Macleod, Alexander 8traohan writes : " I hare heard him preach scores of limns, ond cannot call to niiud one sermon of his that was dull. Mn ny preachers soar now and then in their discourses, and (hon como down with pain- fully flapping wings ; but when Norman Macleod went up he kept with a strong steady Dight that nercr flagged. I hore often heard him preach under exceptional circumstances-in Paris, A- ? erdam, Berlin, Vienna, Alhena, Booie, Alexandria, Constantinople, Jerusalem, end Damascus-but tho most striking of these exceptional services wera when he preached on board a Peninsular and Oriental Bloomer in the Mediterranean to a congregation of forecastle men-tho shaggy-breasted tars all crying like children ; and again, whon on tho banks of the Caledonian Canal, ho addrossod the crews of half a hundred fi,h-hoats. I have said 'preached,' but in neither case was it a set sermon-simply friendly talk made eloquent by its earnestness." A SLIGHT MISTAKE.-We read that a gentle- man from " sunny Italy," residing in San Fran- cisco, reoently made a triSing mistake in arranging the preliminaries for his marriage. He wished to proouro a license, but being from "sunny Italy" and ignorant of the langungo which is epokon in California-which is sail to rcsemblo the English in some respects--he could not make himself clearly understood. Thus it happened that when he presented him- self with the expectant bride before the officer who was to perform the ceremony, it was found that ho had a license, not to take a wife, but to keep a dog ! The record ends at this critical stage of the proceeding, but if that yoong woman was a representative Californian female, it it fair to infer that there was rather an animated scene in that vicinity about that time. A TISSSAKT story, illustrative of Prussian administrative thriftiness, has just gone the rounds of the French and German papers. According to tho narrator, Count von Moltke, temporarily resident at Versailles during the winter of 1870-71, one dey ran short of snuff, and, failing to find any "sneeshin"' of the brand he especially affects in the local bureaux de tabac, instructed one of his subordinates at the War Office in Berlin to forward him a packet of his own " peculiar" rappee without delay. The snuff was bought, paid for, and sent on to Versailles with military promptitude, and was duly charged to the account of thc nation. When, peace having been concluded, the time came for examining the books of all the different departments that had been spending money with horrible prodigality for nearly three quarters of a year-when tho indemnity began to drop in by smell instalments of £20,OOJ,000 apieoe or so, which were at once appropriated to the defrayal of the actual war expenses-one of the officials entrusted with the revision of all the petty cash transactions of the War Office came one day upon the following startling and nochnichtdagetoesenes item :- For one pound of extra fine, with-of- Tonquin-bean-perfume-bighly impregnated, snuff, by hie Excellency the Count von Moltke commanded, three tbalers seven and a half silbergroscHon." The rigid conscience of the accountant did not allow ' of bis " passing " this irregular, unprecedented item ; ao be made a memorandum of the entry, and referred it up to his immediate superior, with on explanatory essay, learned, pa-enthetical, und exhaustive, going a good deal into the origin of things, aud logically demonstrating that anuff could not be held to be a material or munition of war-ergo, that outlays incurred for its purchase could not in any equity be saddled upon the national exchequer, or defrayed from the incoming pro- perly of the State purchased by .the lives of Germany's sons-and so forth. The demurrer thus raised was submitted by one authority to another, enriched with annotations and "opinions," the official manipulation of the question lasting some sixteen months. Even- tually, the Crown lawyers having considered the whole case, and pronounced the snuff claim to be one that the State could not admit, Von Moltke was officially addressed upon the eubject and requested with peremptory politeness to pay for his snuff-a demand with which he at once complied. A TJBBFCX STEAM TAKE.-Some time since a numbor of gentlemen, resident in Queenstown, seeing the inoonvenienoe caused by sailing-boats supplying ships with water, determined upon forming themselves into a company for the pur- pose of purchasing a steam tank, by which, without any inoonvenienoe, in alijweathers, they could supply vessels arriving in the harbor with water, and with all possible despatch. Tbs re- sult of their deliberations was that Messrs. Bretland and Angel, of Liverpool, received orders to make the vessel. The other day the little vessel arrived in the harbour, and created no little excitement, She ie called the Sham- rock, is 60 tons, builders' measurement, and 80-horse power nominal, and is capable of being worked up to 220. She will throw 7000 gallons of water in an hour from her tank, which is capable of holding 20 tons of water. Putting aside her utility in supplying vessels with water, she can also be adapted as a tug-indeed she has already acted in that capacity-and can be converted into a fire-engine. To show that the is not deficient in speed, it will be sufficient to mention that she made tho passage from Car- narvon to Cork in thirty hoare, experiencing anything but favourable weather, and encoun- tering very rough seas. And nothing can more forcibly prove how much euoh a vessel was required than the fact that ehe was hardly five minutes in the harbour when she was called upon to supply a steamer with ten tons of coal, wbioh she had on board for ber own ose, and afterwards the towed a brig out of the har- bour at the rate of four knots against a high flood tide. 8he it so aonstruoted that the bouor can be filled from the tank, thereby saving fuel in generating steam,' and ao preserving the boiler from corrosion. This is a very important matter, considering the present high price of I cool.-English Paper. TrauMBCB Duli, os A IIOOOMOTIYB.-We quote this sensation narrative from the New New Irorhl:-It is known that the railroad from San Francisco to New Sort »asses through the reservations of several tribes of Indians, who invariably regard the locomotives as terrible monsters, ores ted by the Manilo to exterminate the red man. Several times already the Indiana have attempted to throw the trains off the track. In these enterprises they were led by one of the fiercest of their chiefs, a Cherokee named Nabs, and surnamed Mooking-Bird. All their attempts having failed, Hahn resolved to change his tactics. Accordingly, on the 2nd June last, he concealed himself near the rails, and with extraordinary activity bounded upon the foot- board of the train No. 67 from San Francisco to New York. He then slipped along the train until he reached the locomotive, where he killed the fireman with a blow of his tomahawk, stabbed the engineer with his knife, and after scalping them jumped on the tender, brandishing his scalps, and howling out a savage war song. The settlers along the line became terrified as Uiey saw the train which now dashed «.long at fearful speed, driven by the ferocious, engineer. The passengers all cried out for help. The situation was extremely perilous ; in fact, they were running into the jews of death. Finally, an officer in tbe navy, Mr. H. Pierce, determined to sacrifice himself to save his fellow passengers. Armed with a dirk-knife, he ran elong the foot- board of the train, and jumped along the engine. The chief uttered a war-cry and brandished his tomahawk, and a hand-to-hand etruggls vms commenced over the bodies of the engineer and fireman. The passengers put their heads out of the windows, and with an anxiety which may easily be imagined, tried to see the fight. In about a minute Mr. Pierce fell mortally wounded under Mocking Bird, who in a twinkling of an eye scalped him ; but wbilo he was triumphantly waving the scalp of the victim in the air, Mr. Pierce, who was «till ?living, had sufficient strength to ramp up and plunge bis knife in the Indian's oreast, killing bim instantly. He then crawled to the valve handle, ehut off the steam, and tbe train (topped.. Tbe passengers ran to the assistance of this brave officer, but it wai too ia te-he died two hoars afterwards. TEST FOB IsTOxroATloir.-Tbs genius of a workhouse matter lint eohred a problem which, ever «nee the invention of strong liquen, had sorely puzzled raogittratet and the advocates of sobriety. How can nno knoir for certainty whon a person is intoxicated í The police, we are well aware, attain extraordinary proficiency in this respect ; they haro an ascending grade of terms, nicely discriminative, of which whilo tho positive is "Ile had been drinking "j the comparative runs "He was the worso for liquor") and the superlative says, " (fe wat disguised in drink." Seeking tests of those varied states, wc find the analysis of inebriety ranging loosely from incapacity to walk straight, to that most shameful condition when a man "cannot lie on the ground without holding feet." Yet, still the problem arises-What general and unfailing tost can we apply to decide whether a drinker be drunk ? At tea there is an easy ordeal : tho suspected tar is directed to " walk a plank "; if lie diverges to this or that tide of the narrow line, (he boatswain's mate dapa tho irons upon him. Now, the metter of tbe Islington uuion has invented what may be called a terrestial touchstone as distinguished from this maritime standard. He makes an over-festive and suspectod pauper pronounce tbe formula "Truly rural"; and if the syllables degenerate into " tooraMoorol," or " trooral-roorsl," he knows his man is guilty. We aro half-reluctant to publish this ingonious device-which has been, by the way, officially sanctioned by the guardians-because we fortes that cunning sots will practise the shibboleth, so as to roll it off correctly from their guilty tongues, even when palpably far gone. If that should prove the case, wo are anxious to lay at the disposal of the ingenious master a new word which would be decidedly a putzler for the inobriate, seeing that a teetotaler and a servant can only just get creditably through it. The chemists have lately announced a new compound to whioh (hey give the name of " mctamononitrobromboczene." Let thia awful vocable be demanded from the dubious person ; if he can pronounce it, Sir Wilfred Liwson himself would be satisfied as to his sobriety.-London Telegraph. AN ABT Oamorsit.-An editor in Hew Jersey had a little nephew only six months pld, I and the little nephew died. Some of the editor's friends considered that it would be a good thing to give to the afflicted uncle a substantial ex- pression of their sympathy ; so they contracted with a local soulptor for a grave one. The design consisted of an angel carrying the little one in her arms and flying away, while i woman sat weeping upon the ground. It was i lecutcd horribly. The tombstone was sent to thi editor, with the (imple request that he would accept it. Aa he was absent, the junior determined to acknowledge it, although fae hadn't the slightest idea of what it meant. So the next day he burst out in the paper with the following re- marks :-" We have received from the bands of our eminent sculptor a hat relief designed for an ornamental fireboard. It representa an Irishman in his night shirt ranning away with tho god Cupid, while the Irishman's sweetheart hides her heed indifferently in the corner. Every true work of art tells its own story ; and we understand, as soon as we glance at this, that our Irish friend has been coquetted with by the fair one, and is pretending to transfer his love to other quarters. There is a lurking smile on the Irishman's lips which expresses his mischievous intentions perfectly. We think it would have been better, however, to have clothed him in something else than a night shirt, and to have smoothed down his bair. We have pieced this chef à" outr i beneath cur kitchen mantelpiece, where it will surely be admired by the friends of the artist when they call. We are glad to enoourage such progress in local art." A Cusieras STOBY.-In the last number of the China Overland Mail we find the follow- ing:-A curious story ie in circulation amongst the Chinese-curious as it relates to the alleged appearance of the murdered man's spirit asking redress. Some time ago, a junk wiled from Hoifoong, containing a number of coolies for the barracoons of Macao. Having arrived there, the live cargo wot quickly disposed of, and the captain received as freight something over 1000 dollars. This incited the helmsman and some of the crew to league themselves with two piratical junks to attaok the boot and to rob the captain of the money. Two or three days since the junk left Macao, going book to Hoifoong. On the way, near Chang Chow, the two pirates hove in eight, and the helmsman steered close up to them, when the pirate boarded the junk, killed the captain and threw him overboard. Here comes the mysterious pert of the story. The master of the Luk Kee barracoon one night dreamed a dream, in whioh he saw the ghost of the murdered man before him, saying he bsd been murdered, that be was robbed of his money, end that he wished the barracoon muter to complain and try to obtain redress for. bira, which he thought would not be difficult, es the pirates were sailing off Chang Chow. On the strength of this dream, the barracoon matter complained to the Portuguete authorities, who sent out a gunboat, and the piratea were found at the epot indicated by the ghost. It is said that the crew of the attaoked junk (who had come tc Hongkong since the robbery) bad gone over to Macao ¡ ono of them was the brother of the deceated, and had been cut in several places. Whether there is any truth in the statement of the appearance of the ghost or not, the facto of the robbery and capture are correct. 