-a notable sermon. 7 ' ' And. . so I- saw tho , wioked ; buried, , who had come'andgoiie from the place of the holy." The.Rey. .Charles Clarkjs popularity drew a(. crowded audience laBt.nigbt.to the Albert- street cliurch, to hear tbo. rev) .gentleman apply:the above text to the life and death of tlie late R.- W. "Wardill. Shortly sfter six o'clock the portiso of the cbapel was takep possession of by those who were either .uncer tain as to the time the service would' com mence, or were determined to obtain a sent, and when; the doors opened at a quarter to 7; o clock there was a crowd assembled that must have numbered many hundreds. It, .was ..a mistake hot to have allowed! the ' audience admittance sooner, for when the doors; , did open there: was an' unseemly rush, and. the screams of ladies were loudly heard, some of whom were crushed agaiust the wall,- and might haye been seriously injured but. for a determined effort on tbe pai t of some' gentle men, to, keep back the crowd. Every -seat in the church was tilled in a few minutes, and. at 7 o'clock punctually tliel minister took'his place in the pulpit. 4 The service, was com menced by singing.a mangled version 'of one of.', Charles Wesley's hymns, and . after .the usual devotional preliminaries, the rev.- gen tleman read for his text the above passage, of Scripture., ' , . ,. ('77 The Book of "Ecclesiastes, .from ! .which tlie text - was taken, was characterised as " a series of dramatic sermons,'-' the result of the Royal -preacher's experiences, and "the auto biographic drama placed Solomon- before us sated and wearied" "with: his unsuccessful hunt after. happiness;: The particulars of the futile" expedition were eloquently, suggest; ively,, but; delicately : /touched !upbn, tlie dediiob tion drawn being that," no Niagara of earthly pleasure can fill up the aspirations of a human soul disassbcia led from God," and . the' .mo'ral drawn from' Solomon's career Was backed" up by 'Macbetili's despairinjg appeal, to tbe doctor concerning tbe possibility of ministering " to a .mind diseased," : After these' introductory,' remarks Mr Clark addressed, himself to tlie con8ideraitibn of ivlio the ' ".wicked ." were,, th'ey. being those who were " violently twisted and -perverted from a right life." !'. The twist-- \- ing and perversion was not, however a mat ter of present individual experience, ; but' an original J .and 1 long-past operation, .!' '.'evil " being now a quality. inherent; ,- in , all ; not latent, but living, moving,- and asserting its being.':. That event in / man's history called the'fall "' was tbepnly way;of abconntingTcm,' it, ".for if that, were . denied nothing ,' , was;! ,f f;so fearfully .obscure as .|the; condition 'of : man:'!. If .proofs of .wickedness, were, wanted, a !;de-'. tecti ve. could find' enough 1 of them .'.beay! '; that chapel' "tb'make uB''' wonder that tiie . heavens! did not fall and overwhelm every body; and in a Morai'dmited or personal. sphere ."every large family .'contained a : black ; - sheep." " Tlie preacher here drew a vivid, dramatic, picture of the general" domestic /calamity' involved in the story -of, tlie lives and fates, .of; tho:, prodi gals, " wliose names now are spoken of in brokenjsqbs; and tears...>, Don't:; we :'al,"", lie asked,1' know these, men— mete loafers, spong-, ing;;ou.ius:for:half-ci'owns?"j. Th'e history of- a forger ., was then : told , vylipm; Mr - Clark /had met .in' .prison... He I had been, amereliant,- who had forged bills and met them: by ptbefs similarly manufactured, " until f| an '.'uniucliy, fit of illness" stopped hisV eareer. The rev. gentleman/had been assured that naturally' the mau was" superior to tlie general- aver age of men," and bad been "the victim of circumstances, "rand'frpm this be argued, tliat) unddr similar conditions and ' temptations, we should " all break .out. into ;the j same. iriotous forms'." Other phases of wickedness were glanced a t t h atw ere : ud i vers al; i a n d are some-, times discovered, but witb respect to which Mr Clark remarked : " We are not found out." Andj here the;rey. gentleman, in referring to concealed-" wickednesses- ' became ' decidedly practicl.j asked .the masculinei .members of the congregation how they woula like to have 7, tbeir. mental .diaries"' i transcribed for tlie public's or tbeii' friends' information, and continued : "Is there no, page in your jour nal, fair lady, the reading of. which . by your husband would overwhelmlyoulwitli.'everiast-. ing shame?" The' " retributive- reaction of wickedness" was then dwelt" upon','1 au'd" tbe' audience — men and women.— wereqeautipned. that they might sure that some day or other the,ir.|Sip8|Would find. tli.em. out; This brought' Mrj Clark jto the i m mediate subject w h ioli - h e said had broughti them . there .- that 4 evening, and in introducing it he remarked, " God ris; . my witness that I would, not say one word to assail; .he memory of the dead, or wound tlie feelings of the living," but lie urged that there were, lessons to be learned from .. such events whipb|shduld npl be lost. After glancing, at the "social episodeB," " the organised hy- pocrisies'L, which had -.been exposed in Mel bourne during his " residence in,, the city ' of four or five y'eavei'and the 'fate "of' ".the men of unquestionable: positions' who / were now expiating , their crimes, in . prjson, or,; , had,: frenzied', ..fled /'.'frpm life' into dishonoured graves, " . Mr. Clark drew a terrible - -picture of what be' saw in " the charnel-house, .with the wate'r'drippihg, dripping, from the saturated and swollen figure." He described it " staring wildly through 'muddy obscurity,''" as if iook- ing out for those who had; " duped it to destruc- . tion.' Gambling at cards, with its-'adjuuci, horse-racing, plunged him from life and name and fame," aud it was asked— (' What; meaner vice crawls than that which, no. affections can check and no delights refine ?" If was asserted that "a. man ib a moral Buicide; from the day be takea to card-playing or belting, and whether he 'wins 'or loses his- -life' is1 ao ineffable ' dis-' grace, /Pity for the fate.of the misguided should not, however, blind us to the enormity -of their . crimes;, but neither /should' the ''magnitude . 'of their rtr'ausgreBsious ' sh'ut but' the bufferings' whiah led tliem to rush to' destli' witli all tlieif' imperfections 611 their heads. Altenlion was 'then,turiied-to f'-the tempters V and tlie idea of. thefe b'eiifg no ' devil' at work iii the world was combated from-tbe fact thai society contains 'a host of inparuate devils ;':well-appoiiitecl,. sneak ing, damned' vidians, whom soine soul) untimely hurled to its acot.uut, shall h a u 11 1' li Ice 1 Bh n'q iio's ghost." Here a : few: more, practical queries were put as to whether, they... did not all know . of men whoiwere ibeiug " swept tp.perdition; by shameless, 'abandoned women', " nud'eif uiiut- terable : wretches of men," who' spent their lives in .planning the ruin of wdmeu): of whom it would ultimately be said, " And so l Bair tho wicked buried." There was, .however) 1 " a hope in 'every' heart ," of reformation, "'but' tfiey, should all ask themselves whereabouts on, this side hell are we going to stop ? If any ivere' wrought upon, let them not put their impres-, sions .from them, for, as sure as there ivns. a. gulf of destruction, ao sura is there also a rock' of salvation, and that rock is Christ." Mr Clark couclnded his impressive discourse by pointing out the advantages AC seeking1 the shel ter that " rock " aflbrds, which would result in those who sought it existing "through "states . of angelhood that never, never end, —Tele' graph. 