NEWS BY THE MAIL. GERMANY. ^FltOÏI OUR OWN OOBBBSrOtfDENT.) BERLIN, OCTOBER 'The event of the month ia the publication o£ the correspondence between tho German Emperor and the Pope. The stronglanguage used in both letters ia unprecedented in the present century, the Pope, complaining that his church is being maliciously persecuted in his correspondent's country, threatens tho Emperor with the Divine punishment, to consist in nothing less than loss of throne. His Holiness, indeed, admits that in trampling upon believers, the Emperor may not know what ho is about, or, worse still, may be a tool in the hands of his wicked, artful, and designing Cabinet ; but this, he gives him to understand, can be the less re- garded as an excuse, us every Christian is tinder the legitimate control of the Pope, no matter whether a Catholic or not, and the ehortcomings of the Emperor, therefore, muBt be held to constitute so many direct offences against the Vicegerent of God upon earth. To this the German Emperor begs to leply that ihe proceedings of his Government requiring his constitutional assent, he is re- sponsible for all that has recently occurred in this country in connexion with the church. Ile denies that there is anything like a persecution of the church or its ap- pointed ministers going on in his dominions, He denies that any complaint to this effect las ever been uttered by his Catholic sub- jects, though he ia unfortunately obliged to own that a number of priests are fomenting rebellion, and carrying on treasonable in- trigues against this Government. The Em- peror concluded by repelling the novel notion of the Papacy that a Protestant, though a heretic and a faithless subject of Rome, cannot help being her subject for all that. Passing over in silence certain racy ameni- ties of style, in which the writers go the length of implying a doubt of each other's veracity, the above will be found a pretty correct abstract of this extraordinary exchange of opinions. The first question suggested by the perusal is what the Pope's motive can havo been in addressing so provoking a letter to so power, ful and determined a sovereign as the German Emperor? However earnestly he may be devoted to the duties of his pontifical office, however much he may be disposed to Scorn tho dictates of worldly prudence and obey the impulse of his infallible mind, the Pope, we are driven to assume, when inditing so momentous an epistle, had a more definite object in view than the de. livery of a sermon upon Royal delinquen- cies, and an announcement of Divine wrath and coming revenge. The only purpose that can be rationally assigned for this perilous step is a wish to administer tho strongest censure to his correspondent, to declare him a lost reprobate, and to outlaw him in the eyes of his Catholic subjects, and the Catholic world at large. This assumption of course attributes to the Pope the inten- tion of divulging his condemnatory missive at a moment when it would be least oppor- tune to tho addressee ; but as the Vatican is just now uncommonly elated with the pro. spect of Bourbonic restoration in France and Spain, as it fondly hopes for the imminent destruction of this commonwealth by the revived Legitimist powers of the earth, there ia nothing unlikely in the idea that the late homily was inflicted upon 'William I. to be shortly used against him in a more public and telling manner. The plan may be a hazardous one, inasmuch as it is based upon the assumption of'events which may not come to pass at all, or which, if they do, need not bring on the consequences anticipated ; yet, apart from the obvious reflection that there is no other intelligible mode of accounting for what has occurred, there are sundry symptoms all confirming the conjecture, I leam from a very good source that Cardinal Antonelli, the Pope's political adviser, and as able a diplomatist as over woie cassock or cowl, waa not consulted by the Pope when sending his remarkable effusion to Berlin. No doubt the wary cardinal could have dissuaded his impulsive master from a step attended with so much risk. Again, when the Pope reaped the fruit of his rash- ness, and saw himself in print at Berlin, the mortification in the Vatican was so great and so manifest as openly to betray the disappointment felt at the failure of a favourite scheme. The official papers of the Pope were ordered to represent the publica- tion as a breach of confidence, his literary servants in more countries than one harping upon the same theme, and bitterly blaming this Government for giving to the world what, ono would otherwise imagine, coming fiom an unerring intellect, could but benefit the mortal tribe. But the surest sign jyf something moro being meant than met the eye is this. The correspondence has, as yet, not been wholly divulged, even at Berlin. There is a second letter of the Pope's, in re- ply to the Emperor's retort, which remains to Tie communicated to the expectant universe. Though this has been withheld by the Ber- lin authorities, the Pope on his part does not seem to bo in a burry to make up for the omission. The reticence of the Berlin autho- rities, I have an inkling, is caused by a reluctance to expose the wearer of the triple crown to the criticisms likely to be launched against a document still moiebighly seasoned than the first. But the Pope having written it all himself can have no such scruples. 'On the contrary, William having let out the arguments used against bim, Pio ought only to^be too glad to havo tho opportunity of having the last word. If he do not profit by it, tho natural conclusion is either that he i egrets his precipitancy, an idea not to be entertained for a moment in the case of the Pope, or that he is biding his timo, and will let us know all about' it whenever his words aie likely to produce an immediate effect. At any rate, such is the construction put upon it all at Berlin. The idea that this is so has not a little, contributed to recommend the speedy publication of the first two letters in the German Official Gazette, and it way lead to the promulgation of the third, long before his Holiness sees lit to re teal the last bit which shall complete the whole The tables being thus turned, the effect of the correspondence, thanks to the fierce provocation contained in the pontifical letter, has been the reverse of what was intended at Rome In Germany, where at least nine tenths of the educated Catholics side with the Government in the ecclesiastical quarrel, numerous addresses are being signed by Catholics and Pro testants thanking the Emperor for manfully defending the independence of the country against ' priestly arrogance ' In Austria all the leading organs, whether German Magyar or Slavonic have expressed themselves pretty unanimously on the subject regretting that the Pope should have allowed himself to be carried away by spiritual enthusiasm into insulting so tempe rate and well meaning a sovereign as William I Ai to public opinion in Italy it is so much tpposed to the piesent occupant of the Holy Se whose politics may bo said to turn on the re-division of the country into several states tint the reception given to the Papaü faux pas can be easily imagined England though her insular position allows her to Play the part of a compaialiv ely indifloreiit sjectatoi m these continental squabbles likewise blames the sensational tactics re cently adopted at Home and gradually begins to doubt the piospects of a clnuch go\erned b¡ auch hot hcadtd ehtlmsiasts It is dif feront in Ti ance Initated by past defeat, and preparing for a fresh tussle with this odious country"-France, Liberal, sceptic France-deems it indispensable to write up ultramontanism, her only certain olly aginst her German foe. She has not only sent Cardinal Bonnechose to Rome, to confer with the Pope on the policy to be followed during the throes of the Bourbon revival j she has not only in- formed His Holiness, that on the eve of hia journey to Berlin, Victor Emmanuel caused it to bo announced at Paris, that be was far from approving the ecclesiastical measures resorted to by the German authorities ; she is now openly defending the Pope in a quarrel in which he has been deserted by the rest of liberal and enlightened Europe. It is hardly a satisfactory sign of the times, that politics should be allowed to exercise such a perverting influence, and that a country which has too long piided itself upon infidelity, should suddenly go off into the opposite extreme, to serve a passing purpose of the hour. There seems to bo no end to the excesses into which France is being driven by the unfortunate desire to trample Germany in the dust and acquire the long coveted Rhine. But what is the real cause of the contro- versy between Emperor and Pope ? nos the German Emperor been really seized with a sudden mania for persecuting the most ancient denomination of the Christian church ? Do MB subjects, who belong to the most highly cultivated portion of humanity, and a third of whom are Catholics, really lend him their constitutional support for battering the rock of St. Peter? And is it probable that this conversion to ruthless in- tolerance should have supervened within a very few years? Is it credible that this should happen in 1873, when only in 18G9, upon a Prussian deputation congratulating the Pope on the 50th anniversary of his entering holy orders, tho same Pio, who now denounces this Government in such un- measured terms, eulogised it for according a perfect equality of rights to both Christian denominations? A biief survey of past events will best answer these questions. Two hundred years ago the various princes of Germany, being obliged to defend the Pro- testant religion, arms in band, against their Catholic Emperor, the political unity of the country was destroyed. Since then the Em- perors, habitually chosen from the house of Austria, became more and more conservative, reactionary, and superfluous, until in the beginning of this century they subsided alto- gether. In 1815, after tho downfall of Napo- leon I., Germany received a new constitu- tion, in virtue of which the individual states became independent, common action being entirely discaided except in the event of an attack from without. The nation was highly dissatisfied with this arrange- ment. It condemned them to insignificance in all questions of international import ; itdid not free them from the danger of foreign at- tack, as it was to be foreseen that states inde- pendent in peace would each pursue its own course in war, and thus fritter away the na tional strength ; and, worst of all, by re-includ- ing Austria with Germany, notwithstanding that only one-fifth of her inhabitants were Ger- mans, it enabled the ultra- conservative powers at Vienna to keep down the growth of liberal institutions in the rest of the federal territory. For these reasons, the Ger- man people not only aspired to the reacqui- sition of their former free, united, and re- spectable existence in the world, but with natural partiality, selected Prussia in pre ference to Austria as the chosen executor of the national lull Austria was sta tionary, ultramontane, and essentially un German ; Prussia was progressive, Pro testant, and (with the exception of an insignificant minority of Poles) thoroughly German But the choice of Prussia for the task of unifying the nation imphed the re duction of Austria to the second place in the confederacy, and even necessitated the entire exclusion of the discarded state, for, as monarchical institutions were to be pre served throughout the land, it was obvious that the Austrian dynasty, itself so powerful, would not submit to the humiliation of re ceiving orders from a newly elected Emperor at Berlin The unity question therefore, speedily became a question of rivalry between the Hapsburg and Hohenzollern dynasties Now, I am simply mentioning an historical fact when I say that throughout the 30 years of political agitation that preceded the decisive settlement of I860, the Catholic clergy of Germany to a man sided with the Hapsburg party, not with the adherents of Hohenzollern When the latter weie at length victorious the attitude of the Catholic clergy still remained what it had been, when, four years subsequently,, France invaded this country, by far the greater part of the papers in the ultramontane interest made common cause with the French, rather than support the Prussian chief of the national forces The Roman Catholics in Germany certainly did not follow the cue given hy then spiritual leaders, but then it has never been contended that the Catholics are disaffected, but only that the priests are preaching sedition, and that a portion of tho lower orders, too ignorant to think for themselves, are likely to obey the clerical behests as long as they do not recommend open rebellion Accordingly, France was defeated with tho hearty concuirence of the Gorman Catholics, as well as Protestants Still the attitude of the Catholic clergy remained unchanged Wherever they controlled the election of a member for one of the various legislative assemblies of the country—and there being some 30 assemblies, ample opportunity was afforded for noticing then lino of action they favoured candidates opposed to the enactment of any of the many laws required for the further consolidation of the newly recovered unity While priestly Hotspurs occasionally preached against the new institutions, the papers of the party, bolder than responsible clergymen, uniformly sided with the few ultra Conservatives or extreme Radicals, objecting to the new liberal yet moderate order of things The Berlin Go vernment, wishing to preserve the good rela tions so long maintained with the Pope, quietly submitted for a period of five years to the attacks launched against it by the sonants of a church, salaried out of the pubhc exchequer, and entrusted with the direction of the elementary schools These were the four critical years intervening between the Austrian and French campaigns, and a portion of 1871, when the fresh gathered fruits of unity had to be safely housed But all the forbearance shown them made no impression upon these clerical adversaries So tho Berlin Government were at last driven to what they regarded as jus tifiable measures of self defence Antici pating another French attack before long, they thought it incompatible with their duty to permit the Catholic children of the lower orders to be educated by priests hostile to the political arrangements that will have to be protected from the foreign enemy They consequently took the elementary schools out of the hands of the clergy, placing them under lay inspectors of more reliable pa triotism In doing this they, however, reserved to themselves the right to ap point clerical superintendents as before if any should be found answering the require ments of the office, and to escape the reproach of creating a new species of reli gious disability, they extended the action of the law to the Protestant clergy, though Pro testant ministers had never held forth against Hohenzollern They likewise made it an indictable offence if a clergy man of any denomination used the pulpit for uttering seditious matter, actionable if uttered by any- body else anywhere else All this being of no avail, they by degrees passed on to other and more stringent measures Leav- ing the religious education of candidates for the clerical office entirely in the hands of the bishops, they yet enacted that the literary instruction of the pupils must henceforth be ona par with that exacted for the other learned professions. The better to effect this object they claimed the right of closing the clerical boys' schools, insisting that embryo priests had better be sent to the ordinary grammar schools for the attainment of the necessary elementary learning. They likewise de- manded the power of prohibiting the appoint- ment or promotion of any clergyman if he had been guilty of political agitation ; and they wished to be able to protect from dis- missal or punishment by the ecclesiastical authorities such clergymen as might incur the displeasure of their bishops in secular matters connected with the events of the day. All these propositions having been accepted by large majorities in the German and Prus- sian Parliament, are now included in the law of the land, and constitute what the clerical party is in the habit of designating as a cruel and reckless persecution of the Church. Whether 4t can be so termed with any degree of justice, the reader will be able to decide for himself from what has preceded. At the same time, it must he admitted that if the clergy have done all in their power to under- mine the foundations of the existing state of things, they, from their particular point of view, have every reason to do so. Like the theocratic rulers of the ancient world, the Papacy has always vindicated its title, not only to the inculcation of transcendental belief, but also to the direction of secular affairs. Theoretically this pretension has been always maintained with the same de- gree of energy whatever the character of the times or the peisonal disposition of indi vi dual popes. Only a few years ago it was formally put forward again in the famous syllabus, which leaves absolutely nothing to secular authority, but places the whole sphere of morality and decency under the ad- ministration of the Pope, making the same Pope-who, be it remembered, is infal- lible-the absolute judge of what belongs to the sphere in question and what does not. Practically, it is true, this comprehensive claim has not been enforced, except when the Popes thought it feasible to carry their point, as was the case in the middle ages, or when they deemed it unavoidable to engage ¡n mortal strifo, as in the present instance. That they should hold this opinion with re- ference to the revived empire of Germany is easily accounted for. That empire being mainly Protestant ia sure to impart fresh vigour to the spirit of free scientific inquiry, which, as it has long distinguished this re- flective race, eventually led to the establish- ment of Protestantism, and is likely to bring on further developments prejudicial to- the faith of Home. While Protestantism is thus being strengthened by the political changes of the last few years, Catholicism in the Roman sense of the word is proportionately weakened, not only by the aggrandisement of Prussia, but also by the exclusion of Austria from the German commonwealth. As long as Catholic Austria was bound up with Ger- many, her Government being more or less in the interest of the Pope, to a certain extent kept down tho genius of the nation she pre- tended to rule.- whereas now, when Austria is obliged to shift for herself, Germany can developo her own intellectual and mate- rial resources, while Austria lacks the support she formerly derived from Ger- many for the coercion of her own non-German subjects. It is not the least re- markable consequence of the international ie-arrangement which has happened the last few years, that Austria, formerly absolutist, stable, and Btrong, has been compelled to make one constitutional concession after the other to the Magyars, Poles, Czechs, &c.;, without satisfying these malcontents, or re- gaining the solidity she possessed in the olden times. Nor does this exhaust the evils wrought by the German Empire. When struggling to extricate herself from the claws of the Hapsburg eagle, Germany naturally accepted succour from "Italy, herself in the same predicament a littlo later. Italy being the political adversary of the Pope, whoso territory she wished to appropriate, derived additional strength for 'tluoirontUMOnm« »ntT.:«, '-"-- <» - man victory over Hapsburg, the common enemy of both. Again, when France, who next attacked Germany, was likewise de- feated, Victor Emmanuel, who had been restrained, not only by Francis Joseph, but also by Napoleon III., had tho last barrier removed between him and Rome. Hence it cannot be denied that Germany not only shook the future of the Papacy by converting herself into a chiefly Protestant state ; but, being attacked by two Catholic powers in succession, she, by her victory, impaired the present preponderance of the Romanist element, and, by a fortuitous combina- tion of circumstances, and without her will, at the same time enabled a third Catholic power to dethrone the Pope. It was very natural for the Pope, who wants to bo a secular potentate, quite as much as a spiritual guide, and who can only hope to be so with the assistance of Catholic sovereigns, under the circumstances, to turn against this Government, and to instruct his servants to preach the dismemberment of Germany in pulpit and confessional. Germany, on the other hand, looking upon her unity a8 the only safeguard against foreign invasion, with as good right endeavours to protect herself from the secret agitation of those of her clerical subjects who will obey tho Pope rather than the Emperor. Tho quarrel therefore is perfectly intelligible on either side, and as long as it is fairly stated, casts no particular blame on Rome or Berlin. It ia only when the Pope speaks of religious persecution, without telling us that his religion includes ; the striving after secular rule, that facts appear in a false light, and a slur is thrown upon this Government. Were it duly added, that in the charge preferred the word "reli. gious " is used in the Papal, but not in the ordinary senso o£ the term, the mistake could not occur. What the world is most interested in knowing is, that the combat being regarded by both sides as mortal, neither is likely to give in while there is a chanco of success. The Pope counts upon France, Spain, and possibly Austria. Germany, who until re- cently had no ally except fickle Italy, whose King is at heart at least half an ultramon- tane, and whoso statesmen always aide with the strongest, whatever they may have en- gaged to do, can probably reckon upon Russia, it the worst should come to the worst. The Czar has had the Poles so often stirred up against him by the Catholic clergy, that if a general mêlée were brought on by the ecclesi astical business, it is likely he would side with this Government and country. That must prepare for extreme measures on both sides is pretty certain. In France public opinion is oven now being mobilised against Germany by the united endeavours of the priests, and all the various shades of patriots affiliated to them for the time being ; in Germany, if I am correctly informed, tho resolve is being matured to imitate the example of Russia, and separate the Catholic church of the country altogether from the Papacy, should there be tlio least flaw in the election of the next occupant of the Holy See. The semi-official papera of the Berlin Government tell us plainly that " the last decisive struggle between liberty and Rome, between culture and ullramontanism, is drawing near, and that Germany will have the honour of fight- ing in the fore-front of the battle." It may be safely predicted, that though the nation would vastly prefer being let alone, and leaving the honour of the glorious encounter lo others, still, if she is challenged again by rash adversaries, she will do her utmost to restore order and quiet thin time for more n ronnie of years. As a precaution against contingencies, measures aro just now being taken very quietly to add another 270,000 men to the army in time of war. The Emperor of Germany has just re- turned the visit which the Emperor of Austria, in common with the Em- peror of Russia, paid him a year ago. I believ e I told you in my last that the Emperor of Austria, having by the German victories been prevented from attacking this country in the rear, as he had engaged to do in a treaty-signed July, 1870, has since the de- feat of Trance had no other policy than that of assuring all tho world of his particular friendship and eBteem. Among the powers distinguished by this mark of Imperial favour, Germany perhaps occupies the first rank. Having been unable to destroy her, he of course wiBhes to make her forget the past. His protestations are taken for what they are worth, it being considered problematical what path he would chalk out for himself were he enabled by some potent ally to resume his former game ; ' yet while he thinks fit to indulge in expressions of sympathy and good-will, nothing is omitted on Germany's part which can nail him to his promises and restrain him from backing out should a loop-hole be found. This, in plain words, is the meaning of the German Emperor's visit to Vienna ; this is the signi- fication of the toasts exchanged between the two sovereigns on that memorable occasion. The Emperor of Austria cautious, circum- spect, and with an eye to a possible change in the political situation of the world, in his after-dinner speech contented himself with expressing personal ad- miration for William I. ; the latter, on the contrary, dwelt upon the political im- portance of his journey, declaring the friend- ship which so happily existed between him- self and his beloved brother to contain a fresh guarantee of the maintenance of peace in the world. The Emperor of Austria im- provised the few words ho uttered glass in hand ; the Emperor William read his toast from a manuscript which no doubt had passed through the hands of his Prime Minister. Whatever the Emperor of Austria may think of the designedly exaggerated reply ho received, the visit in some degree is sure to benefit the visitor. The enthusi- astic welcome given him by the Germans of Austria is a noint gained, follow what may Tightmg hard to preserve their na tional existence against the encroachments of their Magyar and Slavonic compatriots, the Germans in Austria ha\o lately accus tomed theniselv es to regard their co nation alists in this empire as the surest alhcs they have They would have certainly preferred keeping Austria at the head of Germany could they have done so Having been obliged to relinquish tins, their fiist cale, they are anxious to contribute to the consoh dation of Germany, whom they look upon as their eventual protector in the war of races gradually developmg within their frontiers That they distinguish between the sincerity of their own sentiments and those av owed by their Government, is m the meantime very obvious from the language of the Vienna press Just look at the following amusing extract from the Vienna comic papers - WORDS AND THOUGHTS Or TWO MINISTERS DURING A FRII NDLV OFFICIAL VISIT Andrassy -A thotiaand D-,n him I am auro timcB welcome my most ho is only como to spy out honoured friend the nakedness of tho land Bismarck -God bless Wait a bit, my little v ou my dearest count man, I shall got rouud 1 crmit mo to embrace y ou n=aiii somehow or v ou, and press y ou to my other heart Andrassv -May I enjoy Devil take him The the supremo happiness of more he admiics, tho moro offoring you my aim to ho would like to auue\ Introduce y ou to some ot tho Bights of our splendid cipital? Bismarck-It will give Bruinningcm in com rae infinite pleasure to ad p irlson to Berlin inlrc y our beautiful v lenna In y our comp uiy Andrassv - The plea If thiä does not I eop sure isallon my side I lum from talking politics Uko nothing so well as to I dont know what will converso with ion upon this, that and thoothci, in my private capacity Bismarck -\ouaioper Confound ti e fellow, ho fectly right, my dear smells a i at fellow Vio diplomatists can so rarely indulge lu tho delights of a rclav allon from business and y et it is so su cet to apeak as man to man, without retard to tillea 01 affairs And BO fortli If the Viennese themsolv es see so clearly through their Government how eau that Government expect any one else to be misled' The nimble gyrations of Tiauus Joseph and lus Premier aie too fresh in the memory of al) to be speedily forgotten Some of your leaders may lemembei that eaily in the year, when the British Govern ment commented upon the propiiety of Russia's extending hei frontier in Cential ABia, Count Schouvaloff was despatched from St Petersburg to London to allay the sciuples expressed by his English friends If the construction given to his woids was conect Russia merely wished to punish a sa\ ago neighboui who had long annoy ed her by his depredations, but had no intention to appropriate his territory, pait or whole Well, the campaign is over, and a third of Khiva has been embodied with the some what wide stretching dominions of the White C?ar The districts occupied are the Delta of the Amou and those on tlie right bank of the nvei Engineers are already engaged m making the Delta nav i gable, when the Khanato.becoming accessible from Lake Aral, will be under the absolute control of a neighbour so long kept away by intervening deserts Moie than this if the Russian steamers once penetrate to Kun grad, there is nothing to prevent then going up all the way to Kundush a legion bolder ingonBadakshan,through which the nearest and most practicable road to India lies It is of course not for a moment to be he heved that for many years to come the Russians will be strong enough in that part of the woild to invade India oven if they thought of doing so, but it is a more serious matter to reflect upon what will be the impression produced upon Indian malcontents by the news that the Russians have arrived in their immediate vicinity The general depression of business conse quent upon the decline of the bubble com pames established last year has not failed to affect the Geiman wool market The bettoi the quality of tho article, the less it is m re quest Good German wools nie hardly to be sold at 80 thalors Australian and colonial command a molo ready market but at sink mg prices, coarse Russian and Polish being most easily palled with It ia not expected that things will much mend the next two months CAMPAIGNING WITH CARLISTS. BA.YONNE, OCT. 15. In taking once moro the pen to write to The Argus I experience pretty much the feelings of a man who has burnt his fingers at love, and is reticent of resuming love business again. As a pretty, fair girl accepts a.Biveetheart, and at the same time ill-uses and abuses him, 27ie Argus accepted me, und ill- used and abused me as I had never been ill-used and abused before. On the top of the Navarre mountains did I read the leaders written against my humble scribblings on home matters, and sliud deied. But as anything like answering was then utterly impossible, and as even the sending of a short «ote was out of the ques- tion, I thought the only thing I had to do was to swallow my grief and to "dry up." Four months have passed since then, and I am once more in a place where postal com- munications are, if not very pi ncttial, at all events possible. This has given me the temptation of trying once more to talk with colonial readors of what is going on in the old world. Several months of residence out of, and without any news from England gives mc the additional advantage of being thoroughly precluded from speaking of any English question at the present moment i and as I greatly donbt whether there is a single man in Australia that has seen any- thing of the Carlista, and as Carlism is likely to last for some time, a summary of what I have seen in Spain may have some interest for the distant readers of this journal, while to me that subject gives the safe conduct- for some day re-cntoring unnoticed on the field of home topics when I reach again the hos- pitable soil of dear old England. Since April, when I first saw the Carlista on my way to Madrid, up lo the entry of Don Carlos into the land he claims, tho whole work of Carlism was merely that of organisation. Their commanders were busily engaged in smuggling firearms, ammunition, uniforms, and other noccssaries of war, and in manoeuvring with the enemy, who had ho been there in force, and not completely disorganised by a want of dis- cipline and officers, might have, if not put for ever a stop to Carlism, at all events pre- vented their assuming the formidable aBpect they have now. Of military ope rations properly so called there was very little at that time. Two battles only were fought worth mentioning-tho one by Dorregary at Eroul, the other by Elio at Udave, near Lecumberes. The Republicans were beaten in both of these, and the Car. lists enjoyed the result of not only feeling themselves strongor and getting moro parti- sans, but of attracting the attention of the ' European public and the European press, for it waa after these two battles that the first newspaper men were sent out, if not to the Carlist camp themselves, at all events to tho Spanish frontier to watch their operations. Don Carlos himself waa all that time living near Pau, and had to read every day, and in all sorts of languages, that lie was a coward to allow people to be killed for his cause without incurring himself the slightest danger. This was as false an accusation as could be made. The pretender to the Spanish crown is ceitainly not a particularly clever man, nor «is he a man fit to govern any country, still less one so unmanageable and now so disorganised as Spain. But he never was a coward. He is a young fellow of Gft. 2in., and of six-and-twenty yeara of age, very strongly built, always ready to undergo every hardship, and just as ready to expose him- self to any danger, but his counsellors knew very well that in case he he killed or taken prisoner the whole cause would be lost. They accordingly prevented his entering Spain be- fore the rising was completely organised. Yet, annoyed by the opinion expressed about him abroad, and probably impatient of exchang- ing his unenv table position of a refugee for that of a " king," ho resolved to enter Spain, in spite of all the advices of old Eho, his commander in chief, and of the rest of his advisers In the first week of July, I heard in Madrid, from some people intimately con- nected w ltb. the pretender's family, that he w as likely soon to enter the Spanish territory, and aa there waa nothing to be done at Madrid except looking at an armed mob harmlessly pniadmg the streets and shout mg all sorts of republican cries, I thought it might be moro instructive for me to go once moie to the north of Spam, all the more BO as, when I previously saw Don Carlos, he invited meto do so, anxious as ho always was, and probably will be, to secuie the fnendship of every man whom he suspects of a capacity for slinging ink So I left the mismanaged capital of Senoi Cas- tellar and Senor Tigueias, and after a deal of tioublesome journeying leached Bayonno just iii time to seo the tall and swart deseen dant of Spanish Bourbons entering the do minions of his forefathers The leader williemember that M Thieis used fiel eely to persecute Don Carlos, and to give severe orders for his etpul Bion from France Gensdaimes and pre- fects all over the south of Franco were constantly hunting up the Prince, but were never ablo to find him, protected as ho was by the French landed proprietors, who in the south of Tiance aie, for the greatei part thorough legitimists, and the business like population of the country along the 'J'"'-''»! ""U lenow » j »-_". penence of over áO years, that Car'ist risings on the other side of the mountains mean brisk business on this side In this way, on the 15th of July, late at night, a brougham and a pan of foam covered horses drew up at the entrance of a quiet chateau neal the Trench village of listant?, about 10 miles distant from the f ion tier The gates of tho chateau were shut as soon as the carriage entered the court yard, the lights in the house were apparently put out, so that no ono was given any leason to believe that nothing particular waa going on m the house, ttVinnnmnrmptor tins known not Olllv as a very rich man, but as a justice of the peace and a member of all sorts of benevolent and agricultural associations. Early next morn- ing, when the sun had scarcoly risen from behind tho tops of the surrounding hills, a party of five gentlemen rode out from the same gate in half-sporting, half-hunting costumes, apparently going to enjoy the treat of a morning cavalcade. Three of them were well known and wealthy landed proprietors of the neighbourhood, the two others were less known in the neighbourhood, and they wero Don Carlos de Bourbon y Bourbon, and his young or- dinance officer, Ponce do Leon. Tlio hour was probably a too early one, for the Trench gendarmes and douaniers (frontier custom- house officials) to bo on duty. At all events, the party did not meet any, and as the horses were excellent ones, 10 miles of hills and woods wore soon got over, and at 7 in 'the morning the beautiful bay Irish hunter of Don Carlos safely planted his feet across the frontier. Although, on the whole, the entry of tho Pretender was a sur- prise to his generals, those of thom who wero not yet far advanced into the country wero informed of his coming, and assembled close to one of thoBo boundary sloncB of which one face is Spanish and tho other Trench. A great hurrah and a hand kissing wero the first things that the Prince was welcomed with, while in a shephord's hut, close by, ho found everything ho wanted for assuming the appearanco of a King. A handsome dark-blue uniform, red trousers, high top-boots, a couple of stars, with which to adorn his breast, and a number of elegant officers to form his staff. Bright, brilliant, and happy was the aspect of the cavalcade, which now numbered several dozen men, all of them pretending to defend the sacred rights of legitimacy, but the majority of them, at least of the young onoB, simply seeking adventures and trying to create a position for themselves by helping Don Carlos to get one. At all events, it is my intimate conviction from what I have subsequently seen at the Carlist head- quarters, that a good many of the mon who ore composing the Prctendor's staff aro " doing" Carlism as thoy would have done lion-hunting, or mesmerism, or anything else. The small and dirty- looking village of Zugarramurdy, at the foot of Mount Pcfia Ia Plata, was the liist place that we had to pass through, and some three thousand volun- teers were assembled there to welcome their master. Church bells wero Bet to ring, and the small but inaccessible Carlist fortress, built on the top of the Peña, was fiercely firing nil day long from the three little cannons that constituted its armament. It would be useless on my part to attempt to describe tho noise made and tlie enthusiasm displayed on that occasion by the Voluntarios de Carlo VII. One must well know the nature of the Navnrra population to make one's self anything like an idea of the reception thal was given to the J'retendor. There waa no portion of his or his horse's body that had not been kissed over and over again by the volunteers as well as the population of the village, and'several of the women got so excited that they fainted and bad to be cairied away. At least a couple of boura passed before tho Prince, thoroughly worn out, could escape from his over enthusiastic adherents, and seek refuge in the church, where a TeDeumyraBot once proceeded with, while the old Marquis of Valdospina managed somehow to persuade the volun teers to fall into ranks for a review, so that when Divine service was over Don Carlos was enabled to get out of the church without incurring the danger that had threatened him, of being literally crushed by his over enthusiastic followers, and to start for tho interior with aometbing like 2,500 men, to commence the campaign, which has already lasted several months, and is likely to last several years more. Old General Elio, who is nominally the chief of the staff, and the Minister of War of Don Carlos, but who in reality ia the commander-in.cliief, had already told mo in April that tlio entry of Don Carlos, so far from promoting the cause, would only bo a hindrance, not to say a nuisance, and events had proved that the well-known perspicacity of the old man had not betrayed bim on that occasion. Not only does Don Carlos want an escort, takes away consequently from tho main body of bia army aoveral thousand men, but ho becomes when on Spanish soil the regulator of all the movements, for the generals have now to consider "much moro his personal safety than tlio interests of tho aimy. Besides that, Don Carloa baa a large staff, almost larger than any real Sovereign ever had, and a largo stall' in tho north of Spain implies a great deal of provi- sions, as well as a large number of horses, used uselessly, and very often whole bat- talions being exposed to the inclemency of bivouacs, on account of the village IIOUSCB being occupied by all sorts of Paris and Madrid swells and dilettante warriors. Into the bargain, the fact that there wore most incredible storiea circulated by tho Repub- licans about Don Carlos being dead long ago and an impostor having been substituted in bia place, compelled the Pretender to show himself everywhere over the northern pro- vinces.- Consequently, fully two months passed in merely parading fiom one village to another throughout Navarra, Guipozcoa, Álava, and Biscaye. This march was quite a triumphal one as far as the per- son of Don Carlos waa concerned, and has mwitlv nnimnted the Movilices which had to bear the burthens of the war, hut military' operations were actually brought to a stand- still during the whole of that time, and had the Republican Government in Madrid been possessed of a little more authority over the country, they might havo crushed the whole Carlist movement, and captured the Pre- tender himself. As, however, they proved unable to do anything of the sort, Elio, whilst leaving Don Carlos to continue his prome- nades, quietly worked at the armamontand re- cruiting of the forces. Travelling with him in the spring, I saw companies numbering only 12 men, in battalions of 140-the whole force, according to his own statement, not exceeding 7,000 men, while in August there was not a single battalion under 000, and the total number of men in the Carlist army amounted to 22,000, armed with Berdans, Remingtons, and ChassepötB, and possess- ing eight mounted four pounders. If wo keep in view the difficulty with which the armament of these forces has been wrought, the absolute want of money, and the endless difficulties in bringing arms and ammunition into the provinces either by land or by sea, the fact appears almost incredible, Yet I saw the troops, and the only mistake on the part of Elio was, in my opinion, that he aimed too many men, and did not tako sufficient care of the ammunition depart- ment ¡ so that in many instances ho had several thousand available men who could not he led into the field, for the simple rea- son that they had not a single cartridge. With 10,000 men, instead of 22,000, and with an ample supply of ammunition, he might long-ago have crossed the Ebro, and have been on his way to Madrid, and would certainly have less exhausted the resources w- ..... VVU..V. j », uivn ,o wv, ubui elie, uVTi ellem of 22,000 men, daily consuming each 21b. of biead, lib. of meat, a pint of wine, and 5d. in money. There is scarcely any need to describe the marches we were engaged in whenDon Carlos was thus showing himself to the population living in the mountains and in tho valleys of the So-called provinces, Vascongadas. Tho march itself was ovcry day the same-deco- rated houses, flowers strewn in our path, no end of " Viva Carlo VII.," no end of masseB, To Deums, music, singing, and all the rest of it. After threo days of march- ing of this Bort, I got a headache which never left mo until wo reached the utmost limits of Biscayo, and the only thing that could be described hero would bo the pic- turesque nature of the country through which wo passed ; but that has been dono over and over again, and much bettor than I could, in all sorts of books, to begin with Ford's and to end with Murray's. The only divertissements I had during the- six or oight weeks of this silly sort of parading consisted of a ceremony of swearing the fueros at Guiernica, and tho chase which the Re- publicans gave us now and theil. The Guiernica ceremony is soon told. Tlie little village of that name possessed for- merly a traditional tree, under which the old kings of Spain- who aro moro "sonora" of Biscaye-used to como to swoar fidelity to tho ancient chorter of the country. Since Isabella I. tho custom was abolished -all the moro easily as the French had knocked down and burned the treo, and as tho Queen was not at all disposed to pre- serve tho old privileges and liberties of the province. Don Carlos, following tho example of his uncle Charles V., and anxious to givo its many encouraging promises as he pos- sibly could, determined to re-establish tho ancient custom. Sinco the timo when the French left Spain, threo trees had been planted in tho placo of tho one which had originally stood thero, and so Don Carlos look advantage of thom, went therein state, mid pei formed once moro the ancient ceremony. Tho day having been a vory bright One, and tho gathoring of people enormous, the thing looked quite nice, but it had initBelf no moro real import- ance than the pantomimic pageant of a Lord Mayor's Bliow. AB to the chases which the Republicans gave us, although they never presented tho slightest danger, they had at least the merit of presenting many comical elements. For instance, when it became known that Don Carlos had entered Spain, a column 0,000 strong, with six guns, was sent out from Pamplona to pursue and capturo him. Wo wero in tho picturesque valley of tho Baztan, when the news reached us that Tejada had started in pursuit of us. As wo had only 2,C00 men, no cannons, and very few cartridges, wo had nothing to do but to fly. And so wo did-marching day and night along roads accessible only to goats, and cortain to break tho neck of any human being but a Carlist-until we reached Salinas, where Dorregaray carno to join us with another 5,000 men and two cannons. Tlie whole of that time Tejada was on our track, and, at the outsido, within two hours' distance from us ; but he never could catch hold of us, and seeing that by the junction with Dorregaray wo hat? outnumbered him, he quietly letired back to Pamplona, send- ing a boasting telegram to the Madrid Go- vernment that he had dispersed the Carlista, and that Don Carlos himself very narrowly escaped a capture. Another chase episode presented itself in Biscaye when after tho ceremony of Guier. nica, Don Carlos, with something like 10,000 men, marched towards Durango for the usual purpose of showing himself. The Republican commander-in-cliief Nouvillaa was then at Vittoria with nearly 12,000 men, and received orders from Madrid to pursuo us at all hazards. We started from Zornoja with bauds playing, colours flying, and all the paraphernalia that appertains to marche» such as those wo were engaged in, when wc learned that the enemy had loft Vittoria, had marched to meet us, and was within a couple of hours' distance. "A fight is im- minent," was the universal whisper. A retreat from tho high road was at once ordered, and position taken up a few miles behind the place where tho news had been received. We waited thero for 48 boura, but the enemy never appeared, and subsequently I learned that Nouvollas, having ascertained our approach, did exactly the aame thing that wo did-that is to say, turned back, occupied somo position, re- mained waiting for us for -l8 hours, and, seeing we did not come, retired to Vittoria. As soon as we knew of his retreat wo marched forward and burned some stations on the Vittoria-Miranda railway line, cap- tured about a dozen officers from an upset train, and, the show marches being ap- parently concluded, proceeded towards Estella, which bad a Republican garrison, from the capturo of which can bo conveniently dated the commencement of active warfare. At all events, several im- portant engogemonta havo been fought since, and tho force organised and armed up to that time numbered fully 22,000 mon, whick for Spain at tho present timo ia quite on army. Thoy were distributed»as follows :-; Navarra bad eight battalions, about 7,000 men strong, and commanded by Olio. Gui pozcoa bad six battalions, about 5,000 men, commanded by Lizarraza. Biscaye had 10 battalions, 8,000 men, commanded by Velasco ; and Allava had tlireo battalions, consisting of 2,000 mon, commanded by Larramcndi. Nominally, all the four pro- vinces woro under the general command of Dorregaray, but, as there was abovo lum Don Carlos himself, who is considered to be tho generalissimo of his troops, and be- sides him tho old Elio, who ia doing every- thing and who is in fact perfect master ovor Don Carlos himself, the rule of Dorregaray was reduced to zero. Each of theso generals had a large staff-that of Don Carlos himself numbering at least 80 men, exclusivo of his escort. In my next letters I will try to describo how theso people lived and how they fought. AZAMAT BATUK. A VISIT TO COOMASSIE (lllOM THE U» Tho follow nie article, wiitten by a mis- sionary, describee some of his personal experiences duringa visit paid by lum to tho capital of tho Ashantee countiy The Ashantees have recently been accused of cannibalism This, hoivevor, ia not sup- ported by fact It was peilmps easy to come to that conclusion after hearing of tho bloody customs and cruel oigicsof Ashantee, but these aro bad onongli, without tho deeper and duiker charge of eating human flesh With all then barbiuity, Coíleo Calcali and his subjects seem to have a» great an abhoiience of this carneas civilised nations and tho mannet in winch tho head- less bodies are exposed-even allowed par- tially to decoiupoao in the atreets- together with the usually glutted stato of the well known leccptacle of such loniams, aro sufficient proofs that tlio elmigo is un- founded This " custom making " for tho dead is quite an institution of Ashantee, bomg based upon a bohof that the soul lives aft« it has left tho body, that, m fact thero is anothoi world after this just such a ono as the preaont Thus a king or chief hoio will bo a king or chief hereaftor, and must havo his wives, servants, and slaves to attend upon linn aa m the present hfo, and as theso set eral per sonages do not m the oidei of piovidenco d10 at the samo time, they must be killed, m order that their ghosts may attend tho spirit of the deceased noble to tho land of shades Thofuneral custom lastsmoie than a week and commencea immediately aftor tho spiiit leal CB tho body, 111 tho sacrifice of a few of tho most confidential and constant attendants of tho deceased chief, called Ins " ochres,' or souls T li/* ly>v '?? 1«» «? «ia 111 tile course of a day or two assemble m tho open street with a largo number of their re tameis They begin by drinking largo quantities of rum, and by firing largo volleys of blank cartridge, and thon, at tho word of command, move foiwaid a' few yards, where they lenew the dunking and firing until m this way they havo paraded tho principal streets, and havo readied tho placo assigned foi the sacrifice, generally near tho house of the deceased After consulting with each other for a while, tlio executioners may bo seen, threo or foin together, rushing out of the crowd mdiflcient duections 111 pursuit of the seiet ted victims, who, after the lapso of a few minutes, aro brought upon tho scone, with then arms tied Tjohind thom, and then mouths gagged by having two lumea thrust through thofr cheeks m opposito directions Aftor being cruelly taunted and mocked for awhile, thoj aro put out of their misery by decapitation, ofton clumsily and moicilessly executed Tho snciificeof Ino vanes accoiding to tho rank of fho deceased and the wealth of his suc- cessor and friends T hei 0 is reason for behoving that the death of a king causes the destruction of throo or foul thousand persons, and tho death of a puncess was celobratod hy tho sacrifice of abovo a bundled This was caiefully ascer- tained by tho writer, who on ono occasion asked a chief with whom ho was voiy familiar whether he would wish to bave a numberof his pool slaves sacrificed when ho diod to winch ho veiy vehemently replied, "Yea; and if they did not do it I would como again if I could In fact, according to Ashantee views, the greater tho slangbtoi the greater is the respect shown for the dead, and tho greater is tho grief for his loss. Neglecting to do sacrifice 011 such an occa- sion would bo íegaided with similar feelings 111 Ashantee to what wo should fool 111 Eng- land if we gave a deceased friond the burial of a dog, and human boings, both old and young, malo and female, may bo, and are, bought and sold 111 Coomassio for tho solo purposo of slaughter, just as sheep and oxon aro m England Theso facts aro not den ved from heaisay Theso eyes that now see tho dark fluid flowing from tho pen's point havo beheld tlio darkei deeds which tho pen has been describing, and with a keon lomem brance and a full knowledge of thoso abouti natioiiB tho wntor fen ontly prays that tho 'bord of Hoata will give success to the Gold Coast Expedition. The king and chiefs of Ashantee cannot possibly havo any ulotiof tho colossal power with which thoy havo thrown themselves into collision, accustomed as thoy aro to comparo themselves with therasolvea, or at moat with a fovv of the surrounding tnbos and nations either afraid of or tributary to their got ornmont, the reigning monarch of w Inch lias gonerally styled himself " King of JvingB " In this ignoranco and arroganco tho chiefs are included with the king, for although tho latter is a despotic soveroign, tho paramount lord and propnotor of the persons, goods, and chattels of all bia sub- jects, whoso lives and propoity ho can tako away at will, yot ins iule m mat- ters of peace and war is restrained by a kind of prescnptivo law, spring, ing from feudal principles A cucum stance illustrative of this may be worth rccoiding, as revealing somowhat of the inner working of tho Ashanteo Govern- ment, and also as sliovving that ita kings havo, occasionally at least, behaved in an anocant and dictatorial niannor towards the English Governor A poor 1 anteo woman on the seaboard used some insulting words aboutllis Mnjcsty Quacoüuah of Coomassie, to an Ashanteo man who 111 order to koop his ow 11 head on his shoulders, waa bound to make it known to the king, limmastor, who immediately despatched a messenger to tho Governor requiring 01 demanding that tho said w oman should bo banted lfis 1 xcel lency lephcd by any nig amone, other things that both tho mattei and tho woman wore be- neath the notice of tho King of Ashantee, that hi (the Goveinoi) lind puthei 111 prison, and that lie hoped tins would satisfy tho King His Majesty lotui ned nu aimvvor tliut if tlio Govcrnoi wished to Ino in penco he must hang tho porBon who lind so giosBly insulted lum Tho afiair now aBsumod a serious aspect and His E\collcnrv nnminoned tlio council, in ordei to frame a despatch which would, in all probability, be au ultimatum as to peace or war. When this important docu- ment arrived in Coomassie the King called together all 1I!B "great chiefs," and the writer of these words was requested to come to the palace and read it. Tho despatch, as is usual in such cases, contained much pre- fatory matter, and while this was being read the chiefs became veiy impatient, two or three timesintermpting the proceedings by exclaim- ing, "What has this to do with the woman 2" However, the momentous passage came at last, in which the Governor, in effect, said " that he was willing to imprison the woman for two years, that even this would be thought a severe sentence in England, that he hoped tho King would now pass the matter over. But if he weie not now satis- fied, it would he evident to all that he only sought a cause of quarrel, and that, if the King were determined to go to war, he (the Governor) would do his best to defend Her MajcBty's subjects and dominions." No sooner had this ultimatum been read than two powerful chiefs sprang upon their feet, wishing to declare war .it once, whilst two or three other chiefs stood up to make them sit down again. The poor reader was in the midst of this tumult, and for some little time these brawny fellovvB wero literally wrestling with each other over his head. At lost tho King spoke, and all waa hushed in a moment. After pausing for awhile, he said, "Write and tell the Governor that as he will not hang the woman, it is of no use to keep her in prison, and therefore he may set her free." The individual to whom this request or command was addressed, thanked the King for the manner in which the palaver had happily terminated, and soon after left the palace breathing freely, and re- joicing greatly that he had in any measure contributed to the maintenance of peace. THE RETURN OF SIR SAMUEL BAKER. (FROM ¡THE DAILY NEWS, ora 7 ) To hear Sir Samuel Baker talking over his adventures is like listening to a Fan y tale The world, it is said, is made of contrasts, cut surely never was there a stranger con- trast than between talking over recent ad- ventures at the table dilute of the Louvre, and going through those adventures amid the most trying hardships and the most hairbreadth escapes Who could imagino that tlie unassuming gentleman, who begs to follow you with the paper, and who seems a little particular that Ins solo should bo well done, was but tho other day struggling for his life, almost single handed, against savages, and liv mg on Hour soaked m water, or that the lady v> ho tells you, in a matter of fact tone, that she is going out shopping was, within the year handing her husband his nile while the bullets whistled oroundher, and sleeping, night iftei night, in the open on a bundle of damp grass ' The outlines of Sir Samuel Baker s expedition have already been given to the public in letters which he addressed from Ismalia to his brother, Colonel James Baker, and tbeie is no neces- sity foi now recapitulating them Rather let mc attempt to lill m some of the outlines hy recounting details of which mention has been made in the course of conversation with Sir Samuel and Lady Baker, of both of whom it may truly be saul that then heroism is equalled by their modesty Sir Samuel Bakers onginal arrangement was that he was to have 1 d30 troops, undor the command of Egyptian officers, over whom he was to have absolute and supreme power Instead of this, he had only 1,200 men, who consisted of artillery with 10 guns, and two mfantry regiments-both aimed with old percussion muskets Sir Samuel Bakei established a corps d élite of 48 men, commanded by ins most trustworthy oflicer, Colonel Abdul Kadr, and pass- ing familiarly by the name of Abdul Kadr and the forty thieves On the march to Gondokoro about a hundred men weie lost through pestilence and labour in canal cutting War almost at once ensued between Sir! Samuel Bolter and the surrounding Ban tribes, greatly resembling Kaffirs They re- fused to acknowledge the Government, in- cited thereto by the slave traders Some months elapsed m effecting their subjuga- tion The lighting consisted of night attacks "by the Bans, who were finally subdued by a tim ty days'excursion of allying column of 450 men Then arose a general desire among the Egyptian officers to return home Most of these had rison from tho ranks, and were men of little character Their excuso was the scarcity of giam Their real causo was Sir Samuel Baker s order that all who took slaves should sutler death, the officers having secret relations with tho slavodealeis On the 12th of September, 1S71, a round robin waB sent to Sir Samuel Baker to this «ffect, signed by eveiy officer except Abdul Kadr and the aides Sir Samuel's reply was to lSBiie an order to march ot midnight to attack on outlying Ban settlement The reBult of tho attack, which was successful, lunn. n>o "..{."«"linn nf tram enough foi a tff ^SHuTSfiUuB fWL»«S_aU".f »"-tlfftî 'rtucv peared Sir Samuel Biker next issued an order that all actual mv ihds should be sent to Khartoum. Dunng his absence the officer m command sent dow n no fewer than COO men, thus reducing tho strength of the expedition more than one half Sir Samuel Baker had now only 500 men, including officers, with whom to pursue his pioject Whon he left Gondokoro, some years a¿o, the country was full of populous and smiling villages Returning ho found it a wilder, ness. The natives had perforce become allies of the slav edealers, and in their turn hod been ravaged by tribes suffering horn the attacks of tho slavers The whole coun- try waa thus reduced to a state of anarchy. But having been invited by the slavedealers to make common cause against the Govern- ment, they had combined and dropped intes- tine quairels When the expedition first reached Gondokoro there w as not oven a hut for Lady Baker, w bile there were C8 vessels with cargoes requiring storage, and thus the troops had at once to create a station and to fight Its fortifications being complete, Sir Samuel Bakei, notwithstanding the defoction already narrated resolved to penetrate furthor south with 212 picked men of the troops still left These at first had but little discipline hut he soon drilled thom mto good soldieis They wero coura geous, musculai fellows, who made ex- cellent skirmishois Ihey wore red shirts, white knickoibockcia, and gaiteis Eveiy man carried a small Canada hatchet, and used a sword bayonet Sir Samuel Bakei, 1 » ~,fo o, 1 r,»"l»"nnt Wi1.,»r lind fn nro. code the troops a distance of 80 miles to engago camera foi the baggage of the main body. Of 21 hoi sea bl ought fiom Tgypt, all had diod except four, and of these only one ia still alive The advance patty started on tlio 18th Januarv of last year, 50 men were sent back with 500 earners to bring up the baggage along with tho main body, which in the meantime had been fiercely attackeil by the natives 0 ne artillery man was speared on his gun The natives, however, had boon driven off The whole of the little army being now got togethei, and hospital stores and merchandise to puichase supplies by the way being complete, Sn Samuel Baker pushed on southward to Taliko, about 100 miles south of Gondokoio Taliko was found to bo a nest of slave liunting stations about 20 milos apart, and held hy about a thousand rufimns, all oigan ased after a lude military fashion, and aimed with musket8 They weie all m tho employ of one slavedealet in Miartoum, and were commanded by lus son m law, Aboo Saood This man hod lately letuined from the most southerly station in the Unyoro countiy, whither he had been to incito tho King against Sir Samuel Bakei He had dono the same with eveiy tube along tho route, and had promised to initiate on attack on tho Government troops The stoppage of tho Blavc trade which Su Sumid Baker caino to effect, meant lum to ¡inn and to all other slave tiaders of Khartoum All Sir Samuel Bakei s subsequent losses and difficulties vvete the îesult of the iiitut,iies of tina designing acoundiol The natives who know Sir Samuel Baker from his pic vions visit flocked to lum for piotection against the slav c hunters 'I hoy are of the Shoulli tribe and the I'aaha descubes thom as being a handsomo industrious, intelli gent, acute people, piactismg both ague til turo and hunting Vv hen bound on hunting expeditions the wives and childi en accom pany the men Thechildien wrai pumpkin shells on then head to vvaid oil tlio heit They havo little to speak o£ in the way of religion, and piactise polygamy All the tribûB aie undei a gicat einer, by namo Rotjama, and every little section has its own head man They havo villages of mud and straw houses well built, but veiy duty In this respect they difter from tho Bans, who aro a \eiy cleanly people Tatiko is the paradise of Cential Africa, possessing a glonous climate and being a most beautiful country. Sn Samuel Bakei holds that it ought to become a leading coffee producing countiy. It is at a great elovation above the sea Since Sir Samuel Bakor'8 previous visit muoh of it had been devastated by the slave hunters From Tntiko, mattera having boon arranged there, Sir Samuel Baker led his ! forces southward to Massmdi the capital of Unyoro 318 miles from the headquarters of Gondokoro and on tho opposite side of the Victoria Nile There he found reigning Kubba Rega the son of his old friend Karn rasi Kubba Rcga ia a great scoundrel if it be i ifjht to si eak of him in the present tense seeing that Sir Samuel Baker left with his lieutenant positive orders that ho should be shot His j alace vv as a large hut very com fortable and wattled with bamboos and reeds He liad a throne on which ho use 1 to sit in great state He had his buffoons and dwarfs and an immense harem being married to his own sisteis and having as his wives those of his lato father with the exception of his own mother Kabba Rega was alleged to be an usurper owinc, to tho fact that his mother was an obscure shepherdess instead of a woman of hi li family as was the mother of his brother hut Kubba Rega settled that question by killing tho brother m a civil war fomented by the slave hunters to servo their own purposes At Massmdi all tho people were ready to accept the Fgyp tian rule till the King forbade them Sir Samuel Baker s aim was to annex that country to Egypt and accepting the King as a vassal accord him Egyptian protection against the curse ot the country the slave hunters with whom ho was unable to cope But Kubba Rega was urged by them to resist this project and his animosity resulted in the attempt to destroy Sir ¡bamuel Baker and his men by poisoned cider and the subsequent night attack with which Sir Samuels published letters have al ready made the public familiar This attack was a very near thing In Sir Samuel Baker s words it was one of a good many near things Lady Baker who had been strolling with her husband had fortu nately gone back into the hut before the ambuscade opened fire but she ran out into the midst of it with her husbands nile and ammunition just as a man at his side fell shot through the heart the bullets whistling around her plentifully After a desperate but successful resistance and after exem plary vengeance had been taken on the treacherous potentate of Unyoro the return march began first to the Victoria Nile to join Riouga whom Sir Samuel Baker deter mined to set up as Sheik of Unyoro and thence to Fatiko to bring up reinforcements Sir Samuel describes Massmdi as a beauti ful town Before it became necessary to destroy it he bad an excellent and well laid out station with a capital garden in -which after six weeks cultivation there had ripened english vegetables cucumbers melons &c; The battle of Massmdi was on the 8th of September and on the lltb the retreat commenced The pathway was but faintly defined being overgrown and en vironed vv lth tall grass The little party had to march almost in Indian file The two horses were laden with batrgage aa were tho few donkeys on which were also the wounded Lady Baker had to tramp the whole seven days march 80 miles on foot They camped at night in casual open spaces or cut open camping ground with axes throwmg np every night a clievaux, de frise against native attacks All slept m the open, air under and on oilskins spread on the reeking wet grass It was very cold at night .but fires were made There was no food except flour mixed with water without salt and wild vegetables Lady Baker was footsore and almost worn out and often at a hill her husband had to stretch out his hand behind him to tow her up To add to the hardships they were almost constantly fighting tho whole route being ono long ambuscade The road con sisted of alternate mud and water and tanoled mass Saving set up Riouga, and aettled some troubles that had occurred at Fatiko during hia absence, Sir Samuel Baker forwarded an irregular force of 200 men to operate against Kabba Rega, which so punished hia people that they were thoroughly cowed, and then, retreating southward, evacuated Unyoro, leaving Riouga now chief of the whole terri- tory and Governor of Unyoro, vice Kabba Rega, deposed. Ile ia supported hy a force of 200 troops under the command of Major Abdullah, an able officer, quite strong enough to keep the country in order. The Egyptian Government has a monopoly of the ivory trade. By loat occounta the whole territory was quiet and prosperous, and slavery extinct. Strictly speaking, says Sir Samuel, there was little slave trade in tho country ; it was nearly all slave stealing. Slave holding was almost universal. Grown men were not ? stolen ; for they ran away. The kidnapping consisted of women and children, especially young boys, as these, in growing up, became attached to their owners and did not escape. The captivity could scarcely have been very arduous. The hardship consisted in tho breaking up of homes and family ties, and the Bufferings endured when being driven to the homes of new owners. Tho current prico of a girl was 10 cows, so that if one man succeeded in steal- ing another.man's daughter ho was virtually the custom extended far and wide.' The subject is too large and complicated either to be maatered in casual conversations, or explained even generally in a telegram. As to the geographical question, Sir Samuel Baker simply testifies to the information given him on all hands that the Albert Nyanza and Tanganyka are, to quote Living- stone, one water. If this is not true, and no communication exists, Sir Samuel is clear that the Tanganyka has no part in the Nilo Bvatem. The Nile has no western affluent ; the Paha Gazal ia a currentless marsh. SIR EDWIN LANDSEER. ' (ritOM THE FIELD.) ThiB great painter did BO much with the deerhound, the bloodhound, and the shep- herd's colley, that he was long Bpoken of as " the dog painter ;" and when he associated with these stags and black-faced sheep, and put in Highland backgrounds, the world was quite ready to believe that, instead of a Lou doner, ho must have been a Scotchman born and bred. No one, not even Burns, has caught more thoroughly the tone and spirit of his odopted country-the mist which ever hongs about the hill, the keen sagacious ex- pression alike of man and dog, and tho very dignity in death of the stricken deer. But Landseer was Bomethingmore than apainter, as the grouping of his pictures so continuallv shows ; he had tho feeling of a poet and the experience of a sportsman. How ono comes to love the forlorn hind and hor velvety fawn, or to sympathise with the beaten stag, as bo still in desperation drives off the baffled hound ! Or could any. thing tell better of the stalker's sport than the picture-portraits of Captain Rosa and his keeper as thoy crawl and vvorm the mountain land for a ahot ? There is a very hush ! about the scene as you look on it. Now and then, no doubt, the pathos was pushed a littlo too far, as where the lamb' creeps into the cannon's mouth on Dover heights in illustration of Peace, or the gudo book so often figures with the shepherd's plaid under the colley's caro. But there waa another side to Landseer's character, and perhaps after all none of his works aro so generally popular as those which reflect the humour of animal life : and "Laying Down tho Law," "A Jack in Office," and "Dig- nity and Impudence," are as much sought now as when first hung on tho walls of tho Academy. There is something of the comedy of high life in these works, but tina never degenerates into caricaturo. Quaint though be the rondering, tho dogs have the looks of dogs, as tmo to the bench in the kennels as on the bench in court : " The samo Iutcnaitv ot bruto rciviso-tlio wlao llonch Uko s-igncity of brow-tlio samo Jaw of tlio oki stem Ellenborough sUc ' Of Landseei s othei great works, "Bolton Abbey ono of his earlier pioductioii8 ia tho best Known and the scene fiom 'AMid summer Night s Di earn perhaps at all points the most remarkable, as it will bo the most enduiing memorial of his genius, if only fiom theieally exquisite manner in which it lias been engraved The wend fancy and wild devilry of the scene if anything moie than îealiso oven Shakespeares concop dons, wlnle of couiso, tlio head of tho donkey is painted only as Landseor could paint a donkey m such a caso But ho could paint any thing and "Ifyouploiso sir, did you oidor a lion' was the inquiry of his mattet of fact servant when they had sent a dead ono from the Zoological Gardens, and tho man was in somo doubt as to whether he should "take it in' The haid black line and rulo bars thrown across Van Amburgh in his den tell against the effect, hut the lions of Travalgar aquaro, in all their massive giand simplicity, will vio oven vt ith the painter s fame, and share m aftei ages the honours of " Bottom aud Titania ' " Alexander and Diogenes " and. tho "Shepherds Chief Mourner." "It is related by Livy of .¿Emilius that, accompanied by his son bcipio, ho made a tour thiough Greece, after his victorious campaign, for tho purpose of seeing tho beautiful monuments of ancient art with which that country abounded ; and that when, m Olympia, h? viewed the statue of Jove, ho is said to have uttered these memorable words-'This Jupiter of Phidias is the Jupiter of Homer.' Inhumóle imitation, may I be allowed to any, ' ThiB goat must be from the pencil of Edwin Landseer.' The snub nose, the long beard, the placid eye, the scabrous horn, the beautifully-formed ear, and the waving coat are truly characteristic." So wrote Nimrod when contemplating a pencil sketch of the head of a goat; but there was power and truth in Landseer's merest outline, and engravings, it ia said, have been taken from "pictures" on the backs of letters-as we remember once seeing in the hands of Ryall, the engraver, some scarcely traceable shoot- ing " bits" which were about to be trans- ferred to steel. Still, admirable as are his outlines, the finishing touch in his pictures is yet more delightful ; the kindly "texture" in the coats of his animals, the deep, softened, contemplative eye, the cold moist nostril-all these tell of his power and truth. And yet, alas ! many of bia picturea do not wear well, but grow thin, faded, and chalky, aa at timea, no doubt, he worked too fast. Landseer cared but little for sport in the way of art unless there waa a dash of the picturesque about it, and his best por- traits, as mero portraits of animals, are those of Mr. Wigram's three hunters-horses in high condition, with squared tails and well combed manes, out at graas, admirab'y grouped, and, as Nimrod aaya of the goat's Bead, " truly cbaracteriBtic." But we should think he went to work with a better will on the old grey hack hung up to dry, where the accessories of the stähle and the foxhound kennel tell out the story. His foxes were Beldom so good ; they lacked the wiry var- mint looks of " travellers ;" and the quasi indifference of the barndoor-fed gentleman in " Not Caught Yet " would seem as much attributable to satiety as suspicion. But then no man could ever quite paint a fox. For the racehorse Sir Edwin had little liking, aa even his Voltigeur at the stud is a failure ; and by far the best thing in thia way is the Solitical squib of "Protection," where Mr. taaeli, as the jockey, is leading the high- bred, broken-down chesnut, dreadfully dis- tressed, off the course; "Free Trade," the fat prize cart- horse, is not by any means so good; and when Landseer went in for cattle he would return to Chillingham to study the white bull in his native fastnesses. Sir Edwin waa also at one time a frequent guest at Woburn Abbey, where, if we remember aright, he melted down the prize trophies and remodelled these for a grand centre- piece. ACCIDENT TO THE QUEEN OP PORTUGAL. A Lisbon correspondent, writing on Octo- ber 4, to a London paper, says :-" On the afternoon of October 2 the Queen and her infant sons, who are staying at the watering place of Cascaes, were walking on the beach of Mexilhoeiro, near the rocks known as the Boca do Inferno (Mouth of Hell). The place is full of baBins, which are always filled with water. The full force of the Atlantic dashes on the beach, and the waves often mount the highest rocks, and in stormy weather the thunder of tlie breakers ia heard for miles inland, The young princes ran along the sands and left the Queen behind, when suddenly a wave rushed among the rocks, and, surrounding the princes, carried them into one of the deep basins worn in tho sand by the action of the water. The Queen, seeing the peril of her sons, ran to save them, but her dress catching onifci rocky point, she fell into the water, but still managed to grasp the infante Dom Carlos. The danger was great. The ocean was agitated after a boisterous day; and in a second a roller might have washed in, and carried all before it to certain destruc- tion ; moreover, the water of the basin was quite deep enough to drown the two young princes. Fortunately, the assistant keeper of the Guid lighthouses, one Antonio da Silva, saw the disaster, rushed into the water, and managed with some difficulty to bring the two princes to the shore, afterwards assisting the Queen out of the water. The Queen thanked the courageous lighthouse keeper, and said she would never forget the service ho had rendered her, and ho replied that he waa sufficiently rewarded by having been able to assist Her Majesty under such perilous circumstances, The SQueen was carried to the palace enveloped in sheets, and it was some time before she recovered from the effecta of the fright. Afterwards she sent a special messenger to the King to inform him of all the particulars of the acci- dent. As soon as the letter had been read, His Majesty conferred upon the lighthouse man the Order of the Tower and Sword. The Queen also ordered her treasurer to give him £100, and the authorities will promote him to a more remunerative post," CRUISE OF THE CHALLENGER. xiic ^Auneng'élfsiïfvëynig ship, arrived at Ballia, Brazil, on September 14, and waa to leave for the Cope of Good Hope on Sep. tember 26. The voyage from St. Vincent, Cape Verde Islands, although long and monotonous, had its interest. A stretch was made along the African coast until off Capo Palmas, and from there an cast and west section waa Bounded in tho direction of the Binzilian coast. The weather allowed a stay of a day at the dangerous St. Paul's rocks, situated on the equator in mid-ocean, right in the track of oil outward bound ships. This barren spot which consists of a group of small islets rising some 60ft. above the sea, and occupy- ing a space of only half a dozen acres, was found to be even moro dangerous than for merly supposed, in consequence of a strong ourrent running past it to the westward that ¡B, dead to leeward-at tlie rate of three miles an hour. A lighthouse Í3 much wanted, but although the English, Ameri- can, and Australian trado are all deeply interested in the matter, there is a diffi- culty about the expenso of establish- ing and maintaining it. Tho rocks rise straight from the deep water, so much so that there was no anchorage, and the ship had to be secured to the shore by a hawser. Many and many a passenger ship on her way to Australia must have had a narrow escape from being wrecked on these desolate rocks, for at night, in consequence of the low hillocks being covered with guano, the islets are not visible until a ship ia very close. Luckily, they are small, and have very deep water near. It waa intended to moko a week's stay at Fernando de Noronha, a Brazilian penal settlement, to survey its rocky coasts and collect the unknown fauna ; hut tlie Governor, not understand- ing the peculiar nature of our work, would not allow any examination to bo made with- out permission from his superiors at Brazil. The dredging and trawling operations, which have been conducted with singular success, prove that the inhabitants of the deep wators care little for any geographical boundaries. Finding a similar suitable temperature at the Equator or tho Poles, they spread themselves about the whole bottom of the Bea, the species found here in the tropics being much the same as those found off the European coasts and elsewhere. Near the surface tho case is altered. As the temperature varies so tho fauna changes. A pretty discovery hoB been made of a deep water cold current, only half a degree above the freezing point of frcBh water, running to the northward along tho Brazilian coast. This, with the former temperature observations, prove that the water at the bottom of the North Atlantic is fed from the Antarctic Sea. That question settled, it is now moro than piobablo that the more open sea in the North Pacific is also cooled by Water coming from the southward. Except in this cold current, which can bo traced as far as the West Indies, tlie deep wator is always the same température of 35 degrees. Di. Carpenter's idea as to the cold wator rißing at tlio equator is fully borne out by our température observations; -below 100 fathoms it is actually colder at tho equator Iban at any other place in the North Atlan- tic south of the English Channel, some sta- tions being nearly 20° wanner. This is caused by the worm surface water being incessantly blown before both tho trade winds into the Caribbean Soo, and from thcie circling round OB the well-known Gulf Stream, the cold water from the South Pole coming north and taking ita place. There uro various theories as to tlie change we shall find in the South Atlantic. Tlie soundings obtained between Africa and South Amorica, a little north of the Equator, were nowhere greater than 2,500 fathoms. Tlio extremo depths found further north are, therefore, hollows. The three islands, St. Paul's, Las Rocas and Fernando de Noronha are each isolated by . deep water, both from one another, and from tho main land. St. Paul's rocks rise from a larger base than tho others, and this baS6 forms a bank midway between the two continents very aimilar to tho Azoica plateau found further north. At the island of St. logo, Cape Verde group, some specimens of red coral were obtained. They aro a little inferior to that of t_e Mediterranean, Howsver, it is interesting to know. that the commercial coral is not confined to that sea. Owing to a case of yellow fever breaking out on board, the Challenger put to sea suddenly on September 25. Although there was no sign of the disease spreading, the captain thought it better to get aouth to a colder climate as quickly as possible. This occasioned much disappointment to all, both on board and on shore, os a ball was to have been given to the officers by the_ British cricketers of Ballia on that evening, and another on the following evening by the Go- vernor and Brazilian officers. The United Statea ship Lancaater, carrying the flag of Admiral W. R. Taylor, was at Babia, and manypleasant visits were exchanged between the officers of the two ships. DEATH OF MRS. GATTY. (FBOM THE ATHEN.EUM.) The younger daughter of the Rev. Dr. Scott, Lord Nelson's chaplain on board tho Victory at Trafalgar, has died in her Glth year, after having for nearly a quarter of a i century enjoyed a wide celebrity in the nui series and schoolrooms of England as a i writer fOT children. Margaret Scott, batter I known by her mai ried title as Mrs. Alfred Gatty, was bom in 1809, at her father's rectory of Burnham, in Essex. Thirtyyears afterwards, in 1839, ahe became the wife of the Rev. Alfred Gatty, D.D., Vicar of Ecclesfield, near Sheffield, and aub-dean of York Cathedral. As the result of that mar- I riage exclusively she appears to have taken to literature. Prior to it, at any rate, she never published anything, while, subsequently, she ia known to nave given to the world at least 30 distinct publications. In association with her huBband she brought out in 1812 the " Life of Dr. Scott," her father already men- tioned as something of on historical charac- ter. In preparing that memorial volume, however, she was writing, as it were, tenta- tively in collaboration. Mrs. Gatty'a first independent work appeared from the press in 1851, being a graceful mélange of fanciful stories, entitled "The Fairy Godmothers, and other Tales." It was most favourably received, being spoken of in our own columns as not unworthy of one who was qualified to follow immediately in the wake of the Danish poetfamilist, Andersen. In 1855 Bhe followed up this first succeaa with the earlieat of the five volumes of her "Para- bles from Nature." The rest followed at un- certain intervals until the fifth series, com- pleting the whole, appeared just two years ago, in 1871. Mrs. Gatty, in. 185G, pub liseed her "Worlds not Realised," and a year afterwards her " Proverbs Illustrated. " Her next production waa a tale, iaaued from the press in 1858, and called " The Poor Incum- bent." In the same year ahe laid before her increasing number oE readers a volume of "Legendary Tales," which were embellished by Phiz. "The Human Face Divine, and other Tales," published in 1800, was illus- trated, as wero several of her subsequent volumes, by the pencil of Miaa C. S. Lane. A little over a twelvemonth afterwards Mrs. Gatty brought out, in 1862, the good humoured record of a holiday excursion in Ireland during the previous autumn, under the whimsical title of "The Old Folks from Home." During the same year she edited "Melchior's Dream," having done the like good office'in 1860, when seeing through the press, that time in association once more with her husband upon the same title-page, " The Travels and Adventures of Dr. Wollr. tho Missionary." Just 10 years ago, in 1803, Mra. Gatty firet brought out, what waa reprinted only last year in two quarto volumes, her work on "British Sea- weeds," the specimens contained in which, by tbe way, were drawn from Harvey's "Pbycologia Brittanica." A twelvemonth afterwards she translated, in 186Í, from the French of Professor Mace, "Tho nistoryof a Bit of Bread." Mrs. Gatty was by this time beginning to extend her reputation as a charmingly humourous writer for the little ones under a fantastic norn de plume, under which her leal name at the last all but dis- appeared. "Aunt Judy's Tales" had been originally published in 1858. " Aunt Judy's Letteis" still further popularised the sobri quet. From the latter collection there ap- peared in a separate form, in 1805, " Aunt Sally's Life"-the indefatigable writer produc- ing within the last-mentioned twelvemonth her "Domestic Pictures and Tales." In the May of 1SGG she began her well-known monthly organ for children, entitled Aunt Judy's Magazine. Selected and reprinted from "Mission Life," she passed through the press in 1809, first "The Children's Mission Army," and afterwards "Mission Shillings." During the year 1870 she penned "Waifs and Strays in Natural History," and in 1871 put together "Aunt Judy's Song Book for Children." Three works came from her hand only last year-"A Book of Emblems, with Interpretations thereof ;" a chai ming compilation, called "TheMother'a Book o£ Poetry," adorned with engravings ; and a sort of arch icol ogfeal autograph, on of Mis. GattyVácañi wiïï'Bè"something fík'c a home-grief in many a nursery, more par- ticularly among the youthful readers of Aunt Judy's Magazine. CURIOUS WILLS. (FROM THE HOSIE NEWS.) Among the 28,000 wills annually admitted to probato there are every year some which may fairly be called "curious wills." It lins happened that a testator has Bet out in his will an opinion about some ono else in so strong a manner that it amounts to a libel, but in- these cases the court has ordered the libellous matter to be expunged, so that it appears neither in the probate nor on record. _ Some wills are curious from their brevity, Bome from their prodigious length, some from being1 in rhyme; some testators bequeath property which they have not, in order to enable them to enjoy, while living, the considerate attention of the ex- pectant legatees. A Welah gentleman, for the reason, as recited, that he might give way to the unfair importunities of his wife, -ii.. -~~i"..",l «..l,:A"i. i-ft 1,;" Hfa irtfttr/iDf tjeueuy uambi eu auujceu w u a ^ *uwv ._* all his property by deed and afterwards gracefully gave way to his wife s solicitations and made a will in her fat oui which of course at his death turned out in operative There ore testators who think it necessary that posterity should not be in any doubt as to their religious belief and accordingly occupy a pago or two of their wills with an elaborate statement on the subject some even think it necessary to set out their pedigrees at full length Some wills aie cunous from the method or arrange ment of the paper or the document they are written on The many ingenious ways in which neglecting the plain way the require ments of the Wills Act have been complied with make up a very interesting body of cases There aro few willa modo with out some directions being given either as to the place01 mannerofbunal, frequently the testator deBires to be buried m the same gi ave with his wife or some other member of his family We remember one case where the the testatoi directed that he should be buried m tho space left for that purpose between the graves of his first and second wives so that lie should he with ono on his right hand and the other on his loft Moro frequently still the direction limits the expenso of the funeral in some cases no carnages are to bo used and ni othors the body is to be earned to the gravo by persons employed on the deceaseds estate, in one instance the persons BO to he employed were lobourers and they wero lequired on the occasion to wear clean white smockfrocks and were to bo paid £1 each for their trouble Mr Zimmeiman whose will was proved in 1840 accom panied the directions for his funeral in case they were not carried out, with something like a threat In his will he says No per son is to attend my corpse to the grave nor ia any fnnorol bell to be rung and my deaire is to be buried plainly but m a decent manner , and if tnio be not done I w ill como agom-that ia to say if I can The Countess Dowager of Sandwich in her will wiittcnby hciself at the ate of SO proved in November 1802 expresses hoi wish to be be buried decently and quietly -no undei tnkei s frauds or cheating no scaif8 hatbands or nonsense Mia Kitty Jenkyn Pncl o leading although evidently possessed ot sufficient means aneáis ly 1 ei will pi ov ed in A pi ii 1870 to hue been veiy vnxious that one ]ait t knst of the expenses ottendint, her funeial should J e kept os low as possible Aftei saying she io to be placed fust in a leaden and then in a wooden collin she provides that if I die away fiom Brarl some I wish my remains nftei being duly placed in the pioper coflins to be enclosed in a plain deal box so that noone may know the contents and conveyed by a goods train to Poole which will cost no moro than any other package of the same weight fiom Poole station saul box to bo con v ey ed in a cart to Branksome Tower Jilts Readmt seems lo have considered the detalla of her funeial with much minuteness Among other tilinga she states tlie easiest woy to convey my coffin out of the house Will be to take tho window out of the dining room." Some people-we do not know whether they would rather not die-certainly would rather not be buried. Mr. J. L. Greffulbe, of Winchester-street and Corn- hill, merchant, whose will was proved in October, 18G7, thus directa aa to the disposal of his body:-"I do not wish to be buried. I enjoin ray nephews to cause my body to be embalmed and placed in a coffin, the top of which shall he glazed and not nailed down, so that tho body be not deprived cither of air or day- light. Subsequently, to cause it to be burned, if that can be legally done." It could not be from a motive of economy, as the per- sonal property in England was sworn under half a million sterling, and he left 400,000 francs to bo laid out in works of bene- ficence and charity. Mr. William Kensett, by his will, proved in October, 1855, seems to have been of the same opinion as the members of a recently-formed club, who have pledged themselves for sanitary rea sons to have their bodies burned at their deatliB ; for he recites that, "believing in the impolicy of interring the dead amidst the living, and as an example to othera, I give my body, four daya after death, to the directors of the Imperial Ga8 Company, London, to be placed in one of their retorts and consumed to ashes, and that they be paid £10 by my executora for the trouble this act will impose on them in so doing. Should a, defence of fanaticism and superstition pre- vent fthem granting this my request, then my executors must submit to have my remains buried in the plainest manner pos- sible in my family grave in St. John's-wood Cemetery, to aBaiBt in poisoning the living in that neighbourhood." RAILWAY DISASTER IN AMERICA. (rjlOM THE NEW ÏOE1C TRIBUNE, SEPT. 27.) The most complete wreck which has oc- curred on a New-Jeraey railroad for many years, took place on the New-Jefsey Midland Railroad, at about a quarter to 7 a.m. yester- day. Two trains on a single track, approach- ing each other at the rate of 25 miles an hour, came into collision at a point near New Durham, a station on the west slope of Bergen Hights just beyond the limits of Jersey City. The down train was a way train from Wortendyke, and was filled with men on their way to work in New York. The up.train was a fast freight train, con- sisting of nino box cars and one Hat car, which left Jersey City at 6 o'clock. Mr. Gilbert, the conductor of the freight train, is a new employé, and was warned at West End, the junction of tho Midland and Pennsylvania roads, not to leave tho siding, because theie was no place to pass tho Wor- tendyke "local" before reaching New Dur- ham, and there was no time to get to that siding. He le ked at his watch and found that he had, as he supposed, plenty of time. The track from West End to Homestead Station, which is only a short distance from the scene of the accident, has a down grade, and the fog from the meadows extended across the track, obscuring everything and rendering it impossible to seo 100 yards ahead. The engine waa in charge of Neil Lankton, and aa lie approached Home- stead Station he heard the whistle of the pas- senger train passing the station. He re- versed his engine and blew the whistle. At that moment the fog lifted, and ho saw the passenger engine approaching, and only a short distance away. Ile opened the sand-box and jumped from the engine, but the wheels spun round uselessly on the wet rails, the momentum of the train driving it ahead with undiminished velocity. The engines reared up on end, and the air was filled with splinters. The first warning the passengers nad of their danger was the shock. Albert Meissner, the fireman of the passenger engine, saw the freight engine be- fore the engineer did. He called out to him to jump, and ran across the tender to.the top of a box-car, where he waa in the act of applying the breaks when the crash occurred, and he waa forced through the car behind him aa the two cars telescoped. The engi- neer of the passenger train was a young man named John Kelly, a resident of Jersey City, and he stuck to his post, reversed the lever, and pulled the sand-box. How he was not crushed into an indistinguishable mass ia a mystery, for the two engines proved a complete wreck. When the pas sençers cot out of the cats. they became panic-stricken, and ran into the woods in the vicinity. The only man who seemed to have his senses about lum was Jeremiah Demorest, of Hackaback. Ho ran to the steaming mass, and, guided by the groana of the sufferers, began work on the wreck, lifting such timbers as he could off the wounded men. The wreck was piled up 30ft. high, the tender of the freight engine being on tho top of a car, and the two loco- motives standing on end. Just behind the mass of metal, a freight car stood on end, the bottom being ground to splinters. The lender of the paasenger train telescoped mtötne ur»t.pao»of,6o» .,.£, u».i..B tiJU uiuu care of the train. There were 20 men in the car that was smashed, and all of them weie more or less injured. The engineer of the freight train jumped into a ditch, and Jasper Demorest, a son of Jeremiah, who was on tho passenger locomotive, also jumped. TlAth mim paiMinr-rl with Rliehfc bruises. The engineer of the passenger engine was thrown a distance of 30ft. by tlie shock, and besides being badly bruised, waa injured internally to such an extent that his life is despaired of. Nathan Salladay, the fireman of the passenger engine, jumped, and strik- ing in a soft muddy ditch, was saved. The fireman of the freight train was taken out of the ruins squeezed to a jelly. He waa removed to a knoll a short distance from the track, and laid beside KeJIy, who had been taken out a few minutes before. Dr. Archer, of Union, ministered to them, and they were removed to St. Francis Hospital, Jersey City. Among the passengers the only one who was fatally injured was John M'Neill, a printer, who waa employed in New York, and whose wife acted as ticket-agent at the New Dur- ham station, on the Northern Railroad. Ile had risen from his seat, and was walking in the aisle when the shock occurred. He WOB terribly mangled, and when found wasinsenBible. A stretcherwas improvised, on which he was carried to his house in New Durham, and at a late hour last night word was sent to Jersey City that ho was dead. Patrick Can'oll, a breaks man on the passenger train, was caught between the cars and horribly jammed. His head was cut in a variety of ways, tho calf of his leg was laid open a distance of five inchea, so that the bone protruded, and he received severe internal injuries, which it is feared will prove fatal. He was taken to St. Mary's Hospital, Hoboken. Tlie only other persons who were injured were 0. Newman and brother, of Areola, bruised about the head and body j Engineer Lank- ton, cut in the head ; W. Burt, of Bogota, foot crushed ; Robert Cummings of Hacken sack, severely out in the leg and injured by a splinter ; Mr. Willis of Areola, bruised about the head and cut with splinters, and R. Ame8 of Hackensack, ankle dialocated and severe bruises. They were all cared for, and those who were most severely injured were sent to hospitals. The damage to the rolling-stock will exceed 20,000dol. DEADLY STRUGGLE ON A TIGHT-ROPE. (moil THE S VN I'll V.N0ISCO BUM MIN, OCT ¿ ) Little did the tens of thousands of men, women, and children who thionged the public Bquare of Agram, Croatia, on the 15th of August anticipate that they were about to witness a spectacle such as has perhaps nev er been seen before-a mortal struggle in mid air The occasion of the gathering was a performance on the tight rope The aero bats, Andicas Kolter and Tiancia Pergo witch, were to appeal on the rope, which hod been stretched from the fifth story of the couit house to a window m an opposite house, a distance of 2d0ft 'Ihe acrobats wcie to meet midway and then to pass each other 'W hen the clock stiuck 12 the acrobats emeiged fiom their icspective windows diessed in lights and without balance poles Koltoi walked rathei cou tiously whilo Pcrgowitch come to meet him from tlio opposite dnection with a neivous quick step At last they met and the sus pense of the crowd underneath changed the next moment to a feeling of indescribable horror l'eigowitth suddenly uttered an nngiy exclamation, and dealt Kolter a tor nblo blow on the head koltei staggeied and Iel] but in so doing succeeded in clutch- ing the rope with one nand, while with the othei he tiosped the left leg of his assailant Peigowitch now fell likewise, but passed his light arm around the lope, so that ho hung upon it in comparative security And now began a life and death stiuggle Kolter, with his right hand, tned to drag Pcrgowitch from the lope while Pcrgowitch kicked Kolter with his i. lit foot, and with his left hand endeavoured to loosen hi8 antagonists hold No one vvns able to interfere, and the result it was easy to foiesee, muBt be the death of one or both the aero. bats. Many women fainted, while strong men wept like children. What added to the general despair was the appearance of Kolter's young wife at the open win- dow, from which her husband a few momenta before had set out upon his fatal walk. Her piteous screams wero heard above the din below, and her appeals to Pcrgowitch to «pare her husband's life would have moved the heart of an Apache. The struggle in mid-air lasted perhaps a minute, when Kolter suddenly uttered a last cry and lost his hold. He fell to the ground, Btrfking it violently and expiring instantly. While the people gathered around the corpse of poor Kolter, his muiderer on the tight- rope managed to get on his feet again. With a diabolical expression on his face he uttered a yell of triumph. Tho Prefect of Police ordered Percowitch to surrender. In case he should not do so within five minutes he would be shot down like a dog. Finally he raised himself to his feet and ran quickly to the court-house window, where he sur- rendered, begging that he might be pro tected from violence. There was great danger of his being executed by the people, who loudly clamoured that the murderer be given up to them ¡ but the military by a bayonet-chorge cleared the public square. Pergowitch being asked what caused him to perpetrate this crime, said that there had been a grudge between him and Kolter ever since the latter bad married young Rosita Serganoff, a Polish girl of rare beauty. Kolter, in a fit of jealouBy, had told him lie knew one or the other must die on this account. AndreaB Kolter was the youngest member of the distinguished family of acro- bats of that name. BUTTER OUT OF SUET. (FHOM THE SAN FRANCISCO BULLETIN, SEPT. 26.), The incorporation articleB of the Cali- fornia Oleomargarine Manufacturing Com- pany- were filed yesterday. The capital stock of the company is 300,000dol.. United States gold coin, divided into shares of .lOOdol. each. The purposes for which tho company-ia formed ia to manufacture oleo- margarine from fresh fat, and the products from the fat after the oleomargarine has been exti acted from it, and the marketable products from the oleomargarine, and to ac- quire such material and property necessary to carry on said business, and to seU and dispose of the same. The directors for the first year are : Vernon Seaman, James T. Dean, Cyrus T. Wheeler, West Evans, Frank A. Davis, Charles Miller, and Charles G, Atheam. The company has leased the iron front building Nos. 105 and 107 Sansome street, and will commence operations at once. One of the principal objects of the Oleomar- garine Company is the manufacture of first class butter out of Buet from fresh beef, which, it is claimed, can be accomplished with comparative ease and at a small cost, whereby the price of butter can be materially reduced and, incidentally, the expense of housekeeping lessened. The modus operandi is interesting and decidedly curioua. A largo tank ia filled with sheets of fresh, selected suet, which is thoroughly cleansed by the use of cold water. Then itis run through a machine similar to the sausage-cutter, and ground thoroughly at the rate of 1,2001b. an hour, coming out as white as snow. It is imme- diately thrown into a vat containing about one foot of water. The entire mass is raised to the temperature of HOdeg. Fahrenheit by a coil of steam pipe laid in the vvater. After half an hour's constant stirring it is allowed to settle, and in a few moments all the little pieces of membrane and scrap sink to the bottom, whilst the fat, or rather the puro stéarine and oleine, float on the water. This is gathered off and placed in another vat to cool, and when about the consistency of lard is wrapped in cloths (about 300 in each wrapper) and subjected to presses of tremendous power. As the pressure is applied the oléine OOZOB through the cloth, and ia conveyed by little troughs, ' similar to those of a cider mill, to an- other tub. In this state it looks like the clearestoliveoil, and may bekeptanindefinite period without spoilingor becoming the least bit strong. Any little dust or impurity which before may have escaped is here se- parated, and the oil flows like the fineBt honey. The stéarine, amounting to about 33 per cent., remains in the cloth. This ia sold to the candle manufacturera, and as it is much superior to tallow for this purpose, commands a high figure. The oleine is conveyed by a tube to the churn, when the final operation takes placo This department should be about 18ft square, with double walla (the Bpace between being filled with saw dust), resembling a large refrigerator A rack containing about 20 cakea of ice is suspended from the ceiling so that the cold air in descending keeps the tempera ture always low A number of Blanchard churns arranged along one side of the room, into each of which is introduced 151b of the oleme, together with two quarts of puro milk and three eighths of an ounce of UiinuClv UDCU fvi lAiluuuub Hie chuma aro set ni motion, and kept at a uniform rate of speed for 17 or l8 minutes when they are stopped, and the air is redolent with the perfume of butter Ice water is thiown m the churn when the butter gathers and it is placed on a large table, settled and thoroughly worked By this proceBB the milk IB exti acted, and the butter is finished On weighing the butter it is ascertained that there has been an actual gain m each churn of ljlb, equal to 10 per cent, sinco it left its oily state This wonderful process was dis cov ered by M Alfred Paraf BARNUM AND OCEAN BAL LOONLNG The Bndgeport correspondent of the Neto Yoik Innes vvntea - The public will ho glad to learn through the columns of the Times that the recent dis creditable collapse of the proposed Tranaat lantic balloon expedition has not put an end to all projects of aerial navigation, hut that on the contrary, an attempt will be made next yeal, under the management of P T Barnum, to finally settle the vexed questions of the existence of permanent cunenta in the upper atmosphere, and the practicability of its locomotion Learning that Mr Barnum entertained an idea of embaikmg m an enterprise of this description the writer called upon lum to day at Waldemere, his elegant íesidence, which crowns an emmenco ov erlookingLong Island Sound and the pretty Seaside Park, the pnncipal adornment of this enterprising city and having found the great showman m his library, disengaged, was courteously received, and soon put in posses sion of bia plans upon this subject Aerial navigation,' Mr Barnum stated, "wosaaub ject m which he had always entertained a deep interest and he had long been persuaded that the vast ocean of atmosphere which surrounds our globe was not destined to be traversed by birds alone but that it would eventually be navigated by mau Twenty eight y ears ago I met Mr Green, the English aeronaut, who made ov ei COO ascensions and in the course of our com creation he asserted the existence of permanent cuirents in the upper atmosphere I believe the idea to have been oiigmal with lum and think that it must have been communicated by me to Professor Wise, who made an ascension for me in 1863, at the Crystal Palace Exhibition in New York Mr Gii>en at tho same time suggested the use of a drag rope, to be employed to retard the speed of the balloon when necessarv and which has re cently been asserted to be a modem dovice Soon aftci the failure of the Boston arrange ment, I wrote to Professoi Wise intending correct address my ïettei did not reach him until a contract had been made with the Graphic Company Now that that attempt seems to hat e failed, I piopose to take the matter into my own hands Iamaheady in correspondence with eminent aronauts in France and England I shall sail for Europe m the Scotia next Wednesday A cable des- patch lins already been sent to the English press announcing my cirand, and on my arn val in London I shall consult with the most eminent and successful navigators of the air, and obtain their opinion IIB to the best material and shape foi the gi eat balloon which I piopose to constiuct I am at pie sent unceitain w hether to hat e it constructed m China, w hero labom is chea]) and silk is most plentiful, 01 in Pans, at the establish ment of M Nadir, where weiepioduced the balloons BO many of which so successfully passed the lines of the Prussian aimy during the siete of the city I intend to ha\ o my monogram, P T B, together with tile American eagle and other patriotic devices, interwoven in the fabnc of the silk Aftei tho balloon is finished I propose to make an expenmental ascension from the giounds of the Sydenham Ciystal Palace, in order to see that eveiy thing is m proper working ordei navnig done this, and taken the advice of the most distinguished scientific men as to tho best kind of gas for inflation and the most pro- pitious timo for making the expenment, I shall pack up tho balloon and bring it across to New York, My idea is to have the aacen sion made hy three aeronauts of different nationalities-one American, one English- man, and one from Franco or Germany. Im answer to questions from the reporter, Mr. Barnum stated that he waa prepared to ex- pend any sum necessary for tho proper establishment of his purpose. Money will be no object ; success is only what ho desires. Everything connected with the outfit is to bo of the Dest quality, and 50,000dol. is the least estimate of the expenae. The utmost caro will he taken to select none but tho most experienced and courageous navigators for the expedition. " For 40 years, said Mr. Barnum, " I have been a showman, and in spite of all talk about humbug, the public have confidence in me, and know that I always carry out what I undertake. I firmly believe that this cxpci ¡mont will bo success- ful. At my time of life I have but a few years left, and in them I intend to do great things. I have reserved the skyrockets and the grand transformation scenes for tlio close of the performance. Whatever the cost of .this undertaking may be, I expect that it will be repaid to me fourfold by the proceeds obtained from exhibiting the bal- loon after tho Transatlantic voyage has been successfully performed." A TYPE-WRITING MACHINE. . (FROM THE SAN PBANOIBCO BULLETIN, SEPT. 26.) E. S. Beldon, phonetic reporter, of this city, has received from New York one of the first five writing-machines manufactured in thiB country. It is of English invention, but boa been modified in New York, and, is to be still further improved by combination with nu invention on which a patent has been issued to Charles A. Washburn, of San Fran- cisco. The machines already manufactured are made without regard to Mr. Washburn'a method, which, it is believed, possesses f e'atures which will greatly add to itB value. The machine is about as large as an ordinary sewing machine, but requires much less labour to work it. In fact, it is self-acting ia. nearly all its movements, except the light touches required by the operator to indicate . he letters needed. There are forty-four characters, which include the letters of the alphabet, figures, and punctuation marks. These characters are at the extremities o£ steel hammers, connected by wires with the keys, which are arranged in four rows, simi- lar to the keyboards of an organ. Each key is marked with the letter which its hammer imprints on the paper. The hammers OTO in a circle, and so arranged as to strike in pre- cisely the same place in the centre of the circle, falling back by the side of the circle as soon as the finger is taken from the key, thus falling out of each, other's way, the paper at the same in- stant being adjusted, automatically, so as to allow the impression of the next letter struck lo be made immediately following. Spaces between words are made with the same facility that a letter ia impressed, by merely touching the space- bar. Mr. .Wash burn's invention contemplates the use of printer's ink. In this machine no ink is , used, hut the colour is taken from a piece of prepared ribbon which comes between the hammers and the paper on which theiropres sion is made. At the end of each line the machine is adjusted for the succeeding line by a slight movement of the treadle on which the foot of the operator rests while working. The paper to be printed passes under a cylinder which revolves, carrying the paper with it, in spaces just wide enough for an ordinary space between the lines, but double or more space can be made when., required by touching the treadle, and an indented space tor paragraphs may be made by uBing the space bar. _ The operator cannot readily see when the line is¡ complete, but a little bell sounds a warning, and he then movea the treadle with his foot. A child old enough to spell can work the machine as well as an adult, tlio only difficulty being the care necessary to avoid striking two keys at the same time,, which would necesaarily foul the machine ; butjjvith a little practice this can be avoided,, anttexpert operators are said to be able to print three times as fast as a person ordi- narily writes, with less labour and per- fect legibility. By using thin paper and placing prepared paper between the shceta, eight or ten copies can be made at one operation a very desirable end" to be attained in cases where several copies aro requisite. Mr. Beiden claims that by the use of this machine greater accuracy ia attainable by short-hand writeis, as id enables the phonographer to print directly fiom his own short- hand notea, thus avoid- ing the errors always made by copyists. It; is aaid that other short-hand reporters will follow Mr. Belden's example as soon as machines can be purchased, which probably will not bo for several months, as the West- ern Union Telegraph Company have ordered all that can be made for six months to come, without greater facilities for their munufac ure than are at present available. They are to be used by the Telegraph Company to copy despatches which are needed in duplicate for the use of the press, &c.; 