CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The services at St. Peter's Church on Sunday last possessed a special interest, (the congregations.both morning and even ling being unusually large. This interest was owing to most of tlie clergy of the piocese being present, having come to lArmidale to attend the Synod to be fopened on the following day. Previous Jp-feota. services they entered the Church together, and took seats in the Chancel, ihtrlSshop and the Rev. Mr. Hungerford occupying their usual places at either end 'Sfthe communion table. The Rev. Mr. ^Marshall read prayers in the morning apd-the Rev. Mr. Davis in the evening, %e lessons, gospels, and epistles being by other Clergymen. In the morn ing his Ijordship read the communion ^BOTvice, on which occasion the Rev. J. Spjyicer, of Grafton, preached, and in the Evening the Rev. J. H. Johnson, of Glen Im^i^irhe sermon in the morning was '«p{ft^prTate to the ceremony to be per formed on the following Thursday, and that of the evening to the assembling of the Synod. It having been determined that the Synodical proceedings in this diocese should be commenced on Monday, the 19th instant, and held in St. Peter's Schoolroom, the clerical and lay members tassembled at the appointed time. _ The {Clergy present were his Lordship the iBishop of the Diocese ; the Rev. S. Hun igerford, Armidale, and the Rev. J. F. R. '"Whinfield, Tamworth, Chaplains; and Rev. Messrs. Kemp, Port Macquarie; Johnson, Glen Innes; Greenway, Bun darra; Robinson, Walcha; Spencer, Grafton ; Davis, Tenterfield; Marshall, Narrabri; Dunning, Casino; Gough, Gunnedah; and Harris-Walker, Warialda. ; The lay representatives were Messrs. i H. A. Thomas and T. W. Harriott, Ar ! midale; T. Bawden, Grafton; C. D. Fenwick, Walcha ; F. C. Lainotte, Wari ; alda; Young, Port Macquarie; E. i G. Clerk, Bundarra; C. Legh, Glen ; Innes ; and R. I. Perrott, Gunnedah. ; Mr. J. C. Irving, elected for Casino, and ' Mr. P. G. King, for Tamworth, were not present. Tenterfield and Narrabri were ^unrepresented. A little before 11 the whole, in the order which had been prescribed by the Bishop, proceeded to the Church, where morning prayers were read and the sacra ment administered. Soon after the close of the service, the Bishop, clerical, and lay representatives returned to the School room, whither they were followed by a portion of the congregation, the number of whom was increased by several gen tlemen who had come to be present at the opening of the Synod. His Lordship, as President, having taken the chair, some preliminary busi ness was disposed of. A brief and impressive form of opening service was then conducted by his Lord ship, who, at the close, declared the Synod of Grafton and Armidale opened. Tfig Lordship next proceeded to deliver his address, bearing on such .subjects zz he desired the Synod to give particular consideration to. It was, as will be seen, of considerable length, but was neverthe less listened to throughout with deep in terest. It was as follows : THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. My Reverend Brethren the Clergy and my Brethren the Laity, both Brethren in Christ Jesus our Lord We are gathered together this day to open the first Synod of this diocese of Grafton and Armidale. A day which thus brings together the members of our Church in their different orders, to take counsel for matters which concern the ge neral interest of that body to which we belong, cannot be without many touching associations. We are here, as represent ing a branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church, which owes its origin to another scion, that has led the way in good works of Reformation, which has stood in the gap and taught men the right way be tween extremes; and we are here, as members of a living branch, planted in days of trouble, but which, by God's mercy and love, has grown np to be a .vine bearing much fruit. It will not be amiss that I should express here my regret at the absence of one of the elected lay representatives of the Rich mond district, to whose lather in part we are indebted for the existence of this diocese. Nor must I forget to remind ; you of the loving spirit of him who was , called to be your first Bishop, but who, in the inscrutable ways of God, was, with so much sorrow to all who knew him, suddenly taken to his rest, before he had become legally Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. These thoughts will help to temper our spirits for the work which we have in hand. The assembling of the first Synod of a diocese is an important step in its history, and one which we may be sure, with God's blessing upon it, will be the means of building up the Spiritual Temple, and in creasing the number of souls among the saved in the' Great Day of Account. None of us, therefore, can come here to help in our deliberations without, I hope, a deep sense of our joint and separate re sponsibility to God. -We have business to do which may seem to be secular; it is really not so-all we have to do is speci ally sacred, since the object of it is the growth of the body, which is Christ. And, bearing that in mind, let us prayer fully and lovingly deal with every subject submitted to us, looking at it with single ness of heart and purpose, and with chas tened wisdom-laying aside all private in terests, prejudices, passions, party spirit, and personal feelings which may hinder unity and concord, so that we work solely and earnestly for the edification of the body of Christ, of which we are members. It will be necessary, I think, that I should address to you a few remarks upon the nature .of our Synod. You are aware, probably, Bome of you, that this our Synod is summoned by me, your Bishop, under the Constitutions which were agreed upon by a Conference of the members of our Church held in the City of Sydney, in the month of April, in the year of our Lord 1866. Those Constitutions, so far as they affect the property of the Church, were sanctioned by the Legislature, and under them we are now assembled. The first clause of these Constitutions provides that the members of the Church in any diocese then existing, or at any tame hereafter to be constituted, within the colony shall meet in Synod. You will here observe that the Synod does not, as has sometimes been represented, consti tute the diocese, but a diocese, being con stituted, has, under its Bishop, capacity to meet in Synod. The authority to con vene such Synod is the Bishop of the .dio cese. Yet, before I proceed any further, it is only right that I should explain to you one point which especially concerns the laity who represent their order in this Synod. In the Constitutions alluded to already, no provision seems to have been made whereby, in the case of sum moning a Synod of a diocese for the first time, it may be known what shall be the number of laity who may be elected as re presentatives for each district. Under those circumstances, I felt that I must either take the responsibility of the de cision upon myself, or do as my right reverend brother the Bishop of Bathurst did-viz., summon a conference, to con sult with me, and act on the decision come to by them. To take that course seemed to me, under our circumstances, very much, as far as labour and difficulty of assembling were concerned, the same as summoning a Synod itself, which I could hardly hope to do more than once in a year successfully, if as often; and even when done, the results could have no more legal authority than my own judg ment and decision. Therefore, after tak ing the opinion of my friend the learned Chancellor of the diocese of Goulburn, which , was to the effect that by reason of clause 28 the course I proposed would not invalidate the acts of the Synod, I issued my directions to my clergy for the elec tion of one lay representative for the ec clesiastical district of which each was cu rate, unless more than thirty members of the Church were present at the election, in which case my directions were for the election of two, but no more, lay repre sentatives, which is the rule of the dio cese of Newcastle, of which we were for merly a part. As I have spoken just now of the curate of each district, I will take the liberty of reminding you, my brethren the clergy, that that is your proper title, and that I have adopted it towards you, both here and in my ar ticles of enquiry, advisedly, in prefer ence to any other name, because it is the Church's name for what the law calls an I incumbent, a word easily abused, whereas curate is the honourable title given you in the Book of Common Prayer, and instruc tive to your people of the nature of your office, and which may guide them in God's House to think of you and pray for you, especially in your spiritual capacity as cu rates having congregations committed to their charge, and that you may, both by your life and doctrine, set forth God's true and lively Word, and-what is very | important-EIGHTLY and DULY adminis ter Christ's Holy Sacraments. I will now, however, proceed to con sider that which especially concerns us all here assembled-viz., the operations and powers of a Synod, as they are defined by the Constitutions. In doing this I shall avoid reading the whole "of any Con stitution I may refer to, as occupying too much time, and so I -noil merely briefly abstract the sense of those which affect us now-as follows : Clause 1. Appoints Diocesan Synods to be held. Clause 2. Decrees who shall summon the Synod-viz., the Bishop of the Dio cese, who iB to state time and place of meeting, and himself or his Commissary, appointed in writing, may adjourn, pro rogue, or dissolve the saine, with the concurrence of the Synod. / A new Synod is to be convened at leqst every three years. President cannot vote in Synod, and the previous provisions of the Con stitutions are not to be binding on any new diocese short of three years afterit has been constituted. Clause 3. Defines the power of the Synod generally to make ordinances upon and in respect of all matters and things concerning the order and good govern ment of the United Church of England and Ireland, and the management and disposal of all Church property, moneys, and revenues (but not to divert any spe cific trust), to elect churchwardens, &c.; ; and such ordinances are to bind me and my successors, and all other members of the Church within the diocese, so far as they may concern their respective rights, duties, and liabilities as holding any office in the said Church within the diocese. Clause 4. Provides for rules for conduct of business of Synod. Clause 5. Permits us to make rules for altering the periods within which subse quent Synods may be convened, the way of electing lay representatives, and the number of clergy and laity respectively who are to be summoned to any future Synod. Clause 6. Defines mode of voting and quorum-not less than one-quarter of each order being necessary to form a quorum at the meeting of the first Synod. Also, it provides that the President not declaring his assent to any rule within one month of the passing of the same, it shall not be valid, but may be a subject of re ference to a Provincial Synod. By Clause 7. We may call for ac counts. Clauses 8 to 18. Refer especially to the convening of Synods. Clause 18. Empowers a Synod to es tablish a tribunal for the trial of offences by clergymen licensed by the Bishop. Of this you must observe that in the dioceses of Goulburn and Sydney it affects only the clergy in the diocese of Newcastle, lay officers as well. Clause 20. Binds us, as a new diocese, to the provisions of the Constitutions. Clause 29. Provides for the sitting of a Synod in the absence of the Bishop of the Diocese, by his appointed Commissary, or sede vacante next in ecclesiastical rank or degree in the diocese. Such are the general powers of the Synod. I will now briefly point out what we CANNOT do. We cannot divert any specifically appro priated moneys, properties, or revenues, or the subject of any specific trust, nor interfere with any vested rights. We cannot impose any other declara tion on members of the Church voting at the election of representatives, or the re presentatives themselves when elected, than that form which has already been subscribed by you, my lay brethren. You cannot, in the first instance, create an ordinance without my consent as Bishop, to be given within one month of its passing the Synod. We cannot alter anything in the Arti cles, liturgy, or Formularies 6f the Church, except in conformity with any alteration which may be made therein by any competent authority of the United Church of England and Ireland in the United Kingdom. We cannot make any ordinance, rule, or determination in contravention of any law or statute in force for the tima being in the colony. Such, then, in brief are the powers and restrictions of our Diocesan Synods. And, in thus ordaining Synods, we have fol lowed the course which was wisely con templated by Archbishop Cranmer and his colleagues, to be continued in the He formed branch of Christ's Church in Eng land, in the reigna of Henry the Eighth and of Edward the Sixth, for in the Re formatio fegum we have this canon: " Let each Bishop in his own diocese hold a Synod, in which, with his presbyters, curates, vicars, and clerks, he may take action concerning those matters which for the time need ordaining or emending. For assuredly the Synod is the fittest re medy for chastising negligence-and re moving errors which from time to tune are disseminated by evil men and the devil. Moreover, by means of Synods of this kind it will come about that inti macy and affection will be increased and' preserved between the Bishop and the clergy, for he will personally know and . converse with his clergy, and they in turn will hear him, and, when the nature of the matter requires, will ask him ques tions ; and by the same canons laymen might be admitted to the deliberations of the Church Synod." I do not think that any other body could, in conjunction with the Bishop of the Diocese, administer its affairs with as great probability of meet ing with general consent, and strengthen ing my hands, and rendering the work of the Church in the diocese more effective. "We may not think every clause of our Constitutions exactly such as we might desire it to be, but we may thankfully ac cept these as they stand, remembering how exceeding difficult is the task of building up a system on a new or some time lost foundation. It was my intention at one time to have assembled our Synod at a considerably earlier date than this, but circumstances arose which caused me to hesitate, and the holding of the General Conference in Sydney, in October last, prevented me from calling you together then, as I had fully purposed, which would have been only a little over the three years since the diocese was constituted. I do not regret the delay altogether, since by it I have become better acquainted with the needs and character of the diocese. After this Synod, we shall be able to be represented by laity and clergy in the Provincial Synod of New South Wales. To the General Conference, which was merged into the General Synod, at Syd ney, in October last, I was summoned, and you will properly expect that I should give you some information concerning its deliberations and determinations. It was, of course, no common sight to witness such a gathering of heads and members of our Communion. Ten Bishops where, compa ratively, a few years ago there was but one, and where for so many years there had been NONE, indicates no little increase of vigorous life in the Church. It was, therefore, with no little pleasure that I attended that gathering. Nor can I re frain from observing that, though there was considerable diversity of opinion on many of the subjects brought before the Synod, which diversity was freely ex pressed, yet there was no more than might properly be expected in a gather ing of men accustomed to think for them selves, and bold to say what they think, regardless of consequences. This diver sity, instead of being held up or regarded as a bad sign, seems to me a healthy one, since it is not diversity of opinion that creates disunion or breaks the oneness of Christ's Church, but the determination to maintain opinion as a standing point without permission to others to differ; but I speak only of that which may pro perly be called an opinion. Yet, withal, I doubt if in any body of men of equal number, equally earnest, and engaged in discussing subjects which all had near at heart, could be found more tolerance of difference of opinion, or more readiness to weigh in even balance the value of eveiytffiHg aflegecTone way oFtEe~othetr I do not purpose to detain you with any long description of what was done in the Conference, but there was one point vigorously and at tedious length debated, which to some might seem scarcely de serving of so much consideration; and yet, no doubt, this is an instance where the value of a name is really important. The point to which I allude is by what name the Church to which we belong should be properly called. It was main tained by some that we are an integral part of the Church of England, and equally strongly by others that we are not an integral part of the Church of England, of which opinion I then was, and continue to be so now. The reten tion of that name without qualification by us since the time when the civil power threw us off has been, and indirectly con tinues to be, injurious to the Church of which we are members ;-it is associated in the minds of many persons with a no tion that the Church here is, in some way or other, supported by the Government, and that there is, therefore, NO need, or less than there really is, of our asking for help in the maintenance of our clergy. I have seen it in print that I, your Bishop, receive State aid, which I need hardly tell any of you is not the case. It is, we are reminded, a separable accident to a Church that it should be by law Established-and that is, of course, true : men's laws do not make a Church : man's support will not make a Church to be the Church, but only, as we believe in this instance, man has favoured the true Church, and by man's authority in Eng land the true Church is the Church of the nation, and being Established iB called the Church or England ;-were it other wise, its title by those who owned it true would be the Church of Christ nr Eng land. Should what is now called the Church of England ever be (which, I pray God, she never may, unless some bond is made for her which involves her in faithlessness to our Lord,) diB-estab lished, she would cease to be properly called the Church of England, just as we cannot well call ourselves the Church OF Australia, though we may, and I trust do, believe that we are the truest branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church nr the colony. The Bishop of Newcastle put this point very plainly, in his address to his Synod in the year 1871, and' there is a growing sense that we are not an in tegral part of the Church of England, for all that it is so stoutly maintained by some. While I speak thus strongly upon this point, I will only observe that those who are agreed with me are, at the same time, quite at one with the others on AN OTHER point-viz., the absolute need of maintaining here the same doctrine as is maintained in the Church of England by law established. But, considering that we are totally unrepresented in the coun cils of that Church-considering that the civil power in England can, as long as it is established, operate upon that Church -considering that our circumstances are totally, or veiy greatly, different from hers-I rejoice that the endeavour to force upon us the unqualified title " Church of England" was unsuccessful, and I assented to ttiat somewhat ambi guous title by which we are described, in the preamble to the Constitutions of the General Synod, as leaving both sides free, and time to settle the point. As it is, the course pursued by the General Synod is consistent with the view of our not being an integral part of the Church of England, for any other Church of Eng land than that by law established can only be found by an operation of the mind, and to create a primate, and so forth, is contrary to the law of the Estab lished Church. We may now pass to consider such of the Constitutions as affect us, though, as we may have an other opportunity of accepting them, I would not dwell at any length upon them now. The first seven refer to the form of the General Synod. Under the fourth. Constitution the representation of the several dioceses is fixed, and so, pro bably, for at least one more General Synod we shall be represented by two clerical and two lay representatives, and it will remain with each Synod to decree the manner of electing their lay and clerical representatives. A General Synod must meet once in the space of five years ; if at any less interval, a special meeting of the Synod can only be called at the discretion of the Primate, or at the re quest of the majority of the other Bishops. The powers of the General Synod are de fined under clause 8, the last proviso in which concerns us; it runs as follows : " Provided always that no determination of the General Synod shall be binding upon the Church in any diocese unless and until such determination shall be accepted by the Church in such diocese ; and the mode of accepting in any diocese the determinations of the General Synod shall be laid down by the Church in such diocese." Thus the decisions of the whole body are referred to the separate mem bers, and a refusal implies separation. I do not, however, contemplate any such difficulty with ourselves when the time arrives for our consideration of the adop tion of the determinations of the General Synod ; but, as we have in this first meet ing of our Synod much to do in the way of considering what calls for special atten tion in our diocese, and as the General Synod will not probably meet before 1877, I do not propose at this Synod that we should enter into any consideration of those matters. It will, I think, be suffi cient if we declare our assent, or other wise, when we ourselves are fully orga nised ;-other dioceses have accepted the determinations at once, but they were in full working order by their Synods : we are laying the foundations; we may build on THEM afterwards. I refrain, therefore, from doing more now than merely naming the determinations that the Synod arrived at. The first was-Rules for the confirma tion and consecration of Bishops, and for the election of Primates. The second-Resolutions for the consti tution of an appellate tribunal. The third-Resolutions for the consti tution of a board of missions of the Church in the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania. We may now proceed to consider what work is before us as a Synod to be dealt with as time may permit now or here after, and it must be borne in mind that in many respects we are advantageously placed, especially in this-that we are not beginning without any patterns to follow. The nature of all Synods, and the work to be done by them, does not differ much, if at all, in principle. Our Constitutions guide us and limit us in many points which, without such direction, would neceBBarily occupy much of our time and attention. We may thankfully, as I said before, accept those rules, and only con sider what determinations we are to make concerning those points which, by the Constitutions themselves, are left open to us, and without determining which at our first Synod we shall not be able to cany it on in future. After, therefore, we have ^pointed a Secretary or Secretaries, and a Ofeak^aejtfComimttees, our first work will be thosetttiftg-pf the Standing Or ders. With so manypaSBFftfrh^iore us; this will not occupy, I trust, a vt,ry long time. I have had copies made of those framed by the Synod of Newcastle dio cese (which were themselves framed on the model of the Standing Orders of the dioceBe of Wellington, in New Zealand), merely as a basis for the Synod to work npon, and I have compiled a brief abstract showing the points wherein the Standing Orders of five Diocesan Synods, or like bodies, differ from the Newcastle "Or ders" and from each other. It will be for the Synod either to appoint a Select Committee to prepare a draft of Standing Orders, to be considered in Committee of the whole Synod, or to resolve itself into a Committee to consider the Standing Orders on the basis of some selected for that end. I shall not take upon myself to decide which will be the best course. The Standing Orders being considered and adopted, it will be necessaiy for us to determine the periods within which the Synods, or rather sessions of our Synods, shall be held ; also, the number of clergy and lay representatives to be elected henceforward. I cannot think that the work before us can be properly done with less frequent attention than once in a year. I should be very unwilling to call you unnecessarily from your occupations, or to tax your time too severely when it is offered, but we owe to God and TTi'r Church some sacrifice-a sacrifice of our time, of our talents, and of our labour; and it is not unreasonable that, for the general good of the Church in the diocese, a sacrifice of our private convenience should be asked. The readiness with which, that sacrifice is offered among some bodies of Christians is, we may be sure, a strong element of success. I do not, of course, hide from myself that there are special difficulties in our gathering together in this dioceBe-difficulties the like of which do not affect every diocese-such as, es- : pecially, the absence of railway communi cation and the comparatively unfinished condition of our roads, over a country physically rugged and steep. This makes access to the centre of the diocese more than ordinarily difficult to them that re side in any of the extremes, but I can see no better place for the assembly of the Synod of the diocese than this where we are now assembled, though we may per haps truly say that it is nearly equalIiT inconvenient to all-for, looking around, the ascent of the Tableland affects nearly the whole diocese equally, and. the choice of any other spot for our gathering would involve greater inconvenience and expense to the whole body. The place of meeting for the Synod rests with the Bishop, ac cording to the Constitutions, but, as I have already observed, we may fix for ourselves the periods within which subse quent Synods may be convened. The point to which I specially desire our attention may be directed during this Synod-after that business which is ab solutely necessary is done-is the estab lishment of a Diocesan Committee of our Church Society. This matter requires some explanation, and I will, therefore, endeavour to put it before you as plainly as I can-only premising that I do not hold myself absolutely responsible for every statement, as I find difficulty in ob taining accurate information some times ; but I have endeavoured to meet anything of which I could have any doubt, You must remember tliat on, or very soon after, tlie arrival of Bishop Sawyer, my lamented predecessor, in this colony, all connexion of the diocese of Grafton and Annidale with the Church Society of Newcastle was at once severed. The sud den removal of Bishop Sawyer from his diocese and the world prevented the per fect organisation of a Parent Society for the whole diocese, while, shortly after his decease-viz., on May 1st, 1868-a So ciety-a Society not a branch of the Pa rent Society, nor a District Association, but an independent Society, was formed at Grafton, for Grafton and the Clarence River. This Society, I believe, did not continue long in operation. Matters, however, remained much in the same po sition for the eighteen months after Bishop Sawyer's decease, until my arrival in this colony, during which interval the Church in this diocese was practically without any head. The diocese had re ceived a Bishop, but the Bishop had not received his diocese, and all connexion," either by paying or receiving, was, as I said just now, cut off between this non constituted diocese and the dioceBe of Newcastle, so far as the Church Society was concerned. On my arrival in Armidale, and after my installation, an effort was made to es tablish a Church Society for the whole diocese, and the matter was carried so far as that the rules agreed upon by the meeting at Armidale were left to be placed before the members of the Church at Grafton. That was hot done, for reasons upon which I do not deem" it -needful ta enter now. Nor has anything been done practically in that direction since. The Church Association has-existed, indeed, but in a catalepsy-suspended animation, with power of feeling, but none of re sponse. The establishment of an organisation under the Synod, not a separate Church Society, is what I desire to see effected at once. It is not that I undervalue a Church Society, but that, as we practi cally have none, we may now create a more responsible body, and not a kind of imperium outside the Synod. Whatever difficulties stand in the way of one are in the way of the other. Had our Church Society been in working order, I should have proposed its speedy merg"ing^iBC5-^ the Diocesan Committee. As it is, I venture to hope we may establish a pro per organisation, to be called the Diocesan Committee. Before I mention the work before us as a Synod, I will say here that, as regards Synodal expenses, it may suf fice, I think, until we can make a deter mination for the assessment of the pa rishes, that a collection for Synodal expensesbe made in the Churches through out the diocese, and the funds so col lected be paid to and administered by the Diocesan Council, Standing Committee, or Diocesan Committee-by whichever name the body contemplated may here after be designated. The following, then, are subjects re quiring consideration by our Synod : 1\. The appointment of a Standing Com mittee or Diocesan Council, with rules to determine its powers and operations. 2\. The acceptance of the determinations of the General Synod of 1872. 3\. A presentation ordinance. 4\. An act of submission. 5\. A Synodal expenses canon. 6\. A tribunal act. Matters perhaps requiring less i consider are as follows : The question of fees. The question of the n The question of a hyi Concerning these, I do speak at any length on J the first. In reference best course certainlj them will be to apt power to sit during very long at any sion, and as it is the clergy should period from their cu perly consider more subjects in this hasty legislation is alv carefully avoided, and no 1 deemed unnecessary if determination being tl weighed;-let us gladly upon the due consideration,! of one practical question, asl time in the end by leavilig for the future. Although, there are some subjects upoi! determination of the Synod most valuable, to me and to yoil ex. gr., on the question to cures-I must repeat i desire the establishment of Council, a body to deal with tl of the diocese, and to meet a shall be sure to feel more or less ? sion-viz., of a body to conside^ shall be put before the Synod, what form it shall be presented consideration. Let us, therefore,^ pass to the consideration of the Dioc Council. The first point for which ' sire its establishment is the punctual pay ment of the promised stipend of the curate of each district. At present I regret to say that I have in several instances re ceived complaints, either that the stipemjL is not paid in full, or that it is paid wl^S? exceeding irregularity and delay; wlpT no complaint -whatever has beetjjfgade no question been raised,ttwStergy-" man s diligence in his Baofl^i office. It does not, indeed,^ waysappear that this trouble arises from anyunwillingness on the part of some to support their clergy man, but from the want of an effective, agency whereby the necessary funds may be duly collected in each district. The^ , absence of this agency falk withT&IoSij; severity on your ministers and on me-X on your ministers, by holding back from them their due, placing them in a posi- - tion dangerous to their independence anil honour ; on me, because I have placed a clergyman in a certain district, on a cer tain understanding (perhapB brought him out from England), and, having done ray part, others do not do theirs, while I am practically powerless to remedy the dis tressing defect with any speed. "Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn," said the Law. " Doth God care for oxen V' saith St, Paul. Is this, not what that Holy Apostle would teach - us:-Is not God's care for oxen a lesson to us that thfey who minister to us in holy things, they who put the seed into the good ground, where it may be nourished, who thresh off the husks and sources of decay and ruin, are not to ? be in any way hindered from receiving the due reward of their labours ? 1 know that persons are apt to think, and often say as much, that our Church relies too much oh the wealthy in every diocese ; that we neglect to gather from the poor, thuB casting the burden of the ministers' maintenance upon them that are esteemed rich in this world's goods. There ma be a certain amount of truth in th charge, and generally, to their honoi the wealthy have responded to the ca for it is, I fear, true that generally towns do not take their share of the burdens of the Church, if they may be called by so heavy a name. The position may be traced to the history of our colonies' prosperity, but I could not enter into that here. I only hope that the rich may be able to continue their offerings, and means be devised to reach the willing poorer members of our Church. But it is very easy for those who, like some brave generals, sit at home at ease, to plan battles for others to win-it is easy, I Bay, to calculate our numbers, and build up theories founded upon j what MIGHT be done by small contribu- j tions, but the difficulty is not making calculations, but realising -them. To i deal with numbers as abstract ideas is .asy, put we have to deal with men more j or lew religious, more or less irreligious, j and /Wicked men, and women too, alas 2 Wtimea, Vho would never sigh until' y come to die, and perhapB not even fcpver saw a minister of re- i Tile "fippreciation of reli- j is not a natural instinct; God, which being given j fened-aye, deadened-by j rid, by greed of gain. We >ect that we can at once y to meet nearly all and in the mean time, 'who has for his own pro the bush, far away from there lived at best in a he, I say, is los of religion (and how are we to ,t for which he >t care ? A minister must live of spel, but he cannot live on nothing, far from saying that all the mein our Chiirch, either rich or poor, jute to our Church in just propor-! their income or meaiis. The Of- j in our Churches is an index which ; ! clearly that many do not give as ' ; they might, and some give not at \ Ley enjoy often free sittings in our and they seem to think they are rod to help the. ministry or the which others have to meet for iping up our Churches ; and ft domestic servants in our Really receive liberal wages, iye no expenses beyond those lently they make excessive and which are contrary to id temper which God's Word |uleates, as by spending money les and paltry, contemptible often among those who tag to God from year's end to L If my words should meet the iy of these, I would hope they ""religiously weighed, and the enter their hearts whether they as much as any others, bound a self-denial, to help others to ! Mings they enjoy, and to do their j |ithe support of the ministry whoBe i whose affectionate care of their |id whose blessings from God they j [asters of families can put sir servants, not holding ! _ snny from their due wages, t»y gently putting it before them as a nia duty, to be a free offering, sanc >o by their own prayers and the i of their brethren, by being offered name by God's minister on his ly Table. lirds the richer members of our |r would say-In former days of |'ch of ChriBt I suppose the rich much without complaint, the iel preached to them, all things in 'common ; supplied the poor marv^Hbus work, days, says in hiB Primitive Christianity, "their respect did not lie merely in a few kind words or external protestations they made it good in more zeal and evi dent demonstrations by providing liberal maintenance for the ministry, parting at first with their own estates to supply the uses of the Church, and after that mak ing no less large than frequent contribu tions, which could not but amount to very considerable sums; the piety of Christians i daily adding to their liberality, of which |ra may make some estimate by what the Leathen historian, with a little kind of (nvy, relates only of the Church of Some, and doubtless it was so in some propor ion in other places), that the profits of ihe^ clergy, arising from oblations chiefly, rere^So great as to enable them to live n a princelike state and plenty. And lot long after it became the object not raly of admiration, but of envy, insomuch ihat St. Chrysostom was forced to make 'one whole sermon against those that envied the wealth of the clergy." I cannot doubt, my brethren, that if we had more faith we should do more, sow more, and reap more too, as they of old did, and we their pos terity reap the benefit of their generous tithing. The proper remedy, no doubt, for the lack of ministers' stipends is the full endowment of the clergy-I say full endowment, because I am convinced that an endowment which may only save the curate of souls from absolute starvation, if he justly or unjustly displeases his flock, is only tolerable on the principle that some is better than none. The true re medy and defence of the flock against the careless independence, or misconduct, or fftuAing of the endowed pastors is them in a position of depend flocka, but a carefully con ' parous admin jtrationfof the proper Church discipline enacted by our Synods, and consented to by both clergy and laity. I could wish that God might put it into the hearts of some of ub to offer lands for the future sustenance of God's ministry in our Church, but we must leave that with : Him who, in his own good time, will: bring about that which. we deem distant i and impossible. But I must now return to the consider- ? ation of the point which led me to speak j thus concerning my brethren the clergy- j I mean the provision for the punctual and sufficient payment of the clergy stipends in this diocese, since I hold it to be of primary Importance to their comfort, and indirectly to the perfect efficiency of the - ministry, that there should be as little anxiety as possible concerning temporal affairs. The atrength of the Church at home is its endowment (so let those who .are discontented there, because they can not do ali as they wish, pause ere they ? qry " Dia- establiflh, dis-establish us"). jTftr endowments enable the clergy to give, themselves wholly to their office, as an inw««»ng number now happily do, but wherever the endowment, public or private, ia deficient, or together are insuf ficient, there the Church suffers; not only is the , minister lowered in the eyes of his people, but pupils or literature occupy the time which should be, and otherwise would jbe, employed in guarding and watchiqg over Christ's fold; and here, where there can rarely be such means of Ming an insufficient income, I think what such a deficiency bring in its train. In the t, what will they have to here, talked of starving The question, therefore, which I -wish to place before you, particularly in this session of our Synod, is the payment of our clergy promptly every quarter. To effect this, I propose the establishment of a sunk fund, to be administered by the Standing Committee or Diocesan Council (as it may be called), out of which fund the first payment every year of one quar ter's stipend may be made to all my clergy, and that, by the punctual pay ment from the different districts of their share of their clergyman's stipend before the end of the first half of the year, and of ^he -whole sum before the year's end, I may be able to provide for the punctual payment of the stipends in future. I do not consider that less than ,£200 per an num, and the value of a rented house, ought to be guaranteed by any district de siring the services of a clergyman in full or ders, and I would propose that by the es tablishment of Parochial Councils in every district, as is done in our neighbouring diocese of Newcastle, the sum of £200 should be paid by that Council to the stipend account, out of which the Diocesan Council will pay to their minister his due stipend. It is not meant by this proposal to cramp the offerings of any district to their minister, nor to assign £200 as the sum that represents the income I desire for my clergy, but is simply the annual sum required from each district before it can expect to participate in any benefits arising from the General Fund. I should wish to fix the income of my clergy at not less than £250 per annum, and I am sure that in doing so we are not putting it at all too high-rather in defect than excess, and therefore it ought not to be less. While, then, 1 ask for £200 punctually ' from every district, so that we may pay every clergyman quarterly £50, the bal ance may be paid IN THE DISTRICT, or by payment quarterly to the Diocesan Com mittee of £62 10s. from such district. There are in the diocese at present only five payments from the State aid- viz., Tamworth, Armidale, Grafton, and Glen Innes, each £100, and Port Macquarie £150, of which a quarter's payment will represent in all £137 10s. To make up their receipts to £50 in the first quarter of the year, we shall require the sum of £112 10s., and to that we must add a quarter's stipend estimated at £200 per annum to each curate of eight other dis tricts, which will be £400, which tabu lated will stand as follows-in all, £812 10s.:- Diocesan Council. £ s. Tamworth, quarter stipend of Go vernment, at £100 per annum, £25 25 0 Armidale, ditto, £25 ... ... ... 25 0 Grafton, ditto, £25 25 0 Glen Innes, ditto. £25 25 0 Port Macquarie, at £150, £3710s. 12 10 ; Casino 50 0 Gunnedah ... 50 0 Narrabri 50 0 Tenterfield 50 0 Warialda 50 0 Bundarra 50 0 Kempsey ... 50 0 Walcha ... ... 50 0 £512 10 This provides for the payment of the first quarter of the absolutely required stipend of the £200 per annum, and, to meet the first instalment of this due to the clergy on January 1st, 1874,1 propose to lend to the diocese the necessary sum, free of interest (the remitting the inter est being considered as my offering to the fund), provided the return of that sum is duly secured to me in my lifetime if I should cease to be Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, or after my death in any event. The said sum may gradually, hereafter, be provided as a sunk fund, and the pro perty of the diocese. About £5 per an num from each of our present districts would secure that sum in l«ss than 10 years. The next difficulty to overcome is the £50 which remains to be made up by each district towards its clergyman's stipend after the payment of the stipulated £200a year to the DiocesanCouncil. There is no district at present so poor that it could not find a large part of this sum, if only some lay members of our Church would exert themselves as they do in other dioceses on behalf of their Church i and clergy. I may instance, as an en couragement to us showing what may be done by earnest workers in a diocese, the case of the diocese of Goulburn-not, I am assured, so favourable a ground as ours. (I speak, of course, only by report.) In the diocese of Goulburn, in the year 1870 there was collected for the Diocesan General Fund £1400; for the Parochial Stipend Fund, about £2780; and the to tal collected was £4460-and that exclu sive of about £2000 raised for other pur poses, by Offertory and otherwise. There will yearly be a Variable Fund for general distribution among the-clergy viz., the Church and School Estate Fund -which I have hitherto distributed on the following principle-viz., that none are to partake of it who receive any : Government aid towards their stipend ; , and further, in distributing it I have had to consider the time during which each recipient served the diocese during the antecedent year. Tou may desire to know the nature of this fund. It is de- ; rived from the rental of lands, originally granted to the Church of England alone in this colony, now divided among the Church and denominational Christians. ; I cannot say it positively, but I believe it was granted specifically for the purpose of promoting religion in the in- ; terior of the colony of New South Wales, and I should be glad, indeed, if that was the original purpose, that it should be equitably restored to that sole end. At present the rents accruing are distributed according to the population of the respec tive dioceses-not, you will observe, with respect to the Church of England popula tion, but on the merest calculation of numbers of heads. That process gives to the richest and those who can best sup port the ministry the lion's share-the diocese of Sydney, with the metropolis . in it, Teceiving nearly £700; our diocese, only £186. Whatever this fund comes to annually, I do not desire-I may say I cannot allow-it to be deemed a relief to the districts in the matter of their stipu lated stipend of £250 per annum, but as an increase'towards the more desirable in come of at least £300 per annum, which is practically received by those who receive Government grants in aid of sti pend. It will be necessary also to pro vide a General Fund, to meet contin gencies, and certain charges which can hardly be called contingencies, but which yet are not fixed- such as help to parson ages and Church buildings, passage money, and, if deemed advisable, the establish ment of a furniture fund for our parson ages. This fund might properly be charged with help to side and infirm clergy requiring temporary relief from their duties. I should propose to estab lish this General Fund by special sub scriptions from each district, and from a rate made upon every collection in the Churches throughout the diocese-no dia trict being eligible to receive help from it unless it has paid its assessment. The General Offertories or Evening Collections may also contribute very properly a quota to this fund. And, while I am thus speaking of the Offertory, I must remind you that the returns of your districts do not show a proper amount thus given to God. I cannot conceive a more Scriptural method of rendering back to God some of what He has given us. I marvel at any scruples about so holy a method of gather ing our alms and oblations, a method evi dently handed down to us from the Jewish Church itself, and yet I have known the offerings of a congregation of-well, over 200 persons, of whom at least 150 were adults, to reach barely the paltry sum of nine shillings ! I will not detain you, my brethren, much longer. I fear I have already tried your patience, but there remain one or two subjects more to which I must allude. First is this :-I have received notice from the Bishop of Newcastle that on June 30th, 1873-that is, next-he will be pre pared to pay the sum of £10,000, the capital from which the income of my see is derived. That sum must be at once in vested, and I hope I may be pardoned for suggesting that it be invested in safe but profitable securities, as when £ accepted this Bishopric I was distinctly led to un derstand that the income would not be less than .£600 per annum, or six per cent, on the capital. With increased cost of living, even now that income does not re present the same value as it did when 1 i arrived in this colony. Both wages, food, ! and fodder are much dearer now than they ; were in 1869. The second point is con- j cerning the house in which I now reside. | Xt has been offered to us at a moderate price, and there is quite £300 in hand to wardstlieerection of an episcopalresidence, which may be invested as part of the price of the purchase. The balance, .£600, might be borrowed, and repaid with in terest and capital by the same annual rent as is provided now. You will see at once that this course is highly advisable; it in creases no burden upon the diocese, and it renders a sum now paid away yearly useful hereafter, for if hereafter an epis copal residence is to be built where I pro pose, the present house may be sold, and we shall surely lose nothing by that sale ; but the funds so acquired will go in part to pay the cost of the new house. Other subjects there are of which I may say something hereafter, as the New Lectionary or Table of Lessons, and a Hymn Book for the Diocese ; but I pro- ! pose to consider these and some other i subjects, and address you in your sepa- j rate districts on them, at an early oppor- j tunity. j I will now relieve you from your atten- j tion to me and my words, with my i earnest prayer that in our deliberations, { now so soon to begin, we may all of us en deavour ourselves to look to the great point for which we are assembled-not our own glory, nor the establishment of our own views, but for the gloiy of God and the es tablishment of His Holy Church. May He who was so notably with our Brethren the Apostles, and Elders in the Early Church -who so often overruled for good the councils of men in old days-who guarded, guided, and governed our forefathers in the great work of Re-forming that branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church whence we are sprung-may He be with us, now and evermore. On the conclusion of the address, the ; Rev. Mr. Whinfield proposed, and the ; Rev. Mr. Davis seconded, that the Rev. j Mr. Walker be appointed Secretary to j the Synod. This was carried unani mously. Mr. Bawden proposed, and Mr. Young seconded, that Mr. Thos. Moser be ap pointed Layman Secretary. He was not present, but his Lordship said that would not prevent his being elected if it were desired that he should be so, and the mo- j tion having been put was carried. ! It transpired that for the parish of In- ! verell and Bundarra Mr. Clerk and Mr. Codrington had been elected as its lay representatives, but no difficulty was j created, as only the former was present. | The di£culty would have been created by the parish being represented in two divi sions, instead as a whole. The Rev. S. Hiugerford proposed, and Mr. Fenwick seconded, that Mr. Bawden be appointed Chairman of Committees. Carried. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield proposed, and the Rev. Mr. Kemp seconded, that the Synod adjourn for one hour and a half. Carried. The time was 23 minutes past 2. On the sitting being resumed, his Lord ship was unanimously thanked for his address, and requested to publish it. To this he gave compliance. It was unanimously decided to adopt the Standing Orders of the Newcastle Synod as the basis for those of Grafton and Armidale, and the Synod thereupon went into Committee of the Whole to adopt or make such alterations in them aB might be approved by the majority. Mr. Baw den, as Chairman of Committees, first read the Standing Orders, and afterwards they were taken seriatim for their better con sideration. Clause 1 provided for the meeting of the Synod on the first Tuesday in May, and the Rev. Mr, Kemp proposed that the month be changed to October, as more likely to afford finer weather for travelling. By such members as repre sented pastoral districts, this was consi dered unfavourable, it being their busy period. A change to other months was suggested by different members as being preferable, but eventually it was decided to adopt May ; and No. 1 clause was car ried with the omission of all the words after "Sunday." Clause 2 determined the place of meet ing, which was adopted. Clause 3. Time of meeting. Mr. Young proposed, and Mr. Legh se conded, that the time be altered from 9.30 a.m. to 10. This was opposed by the Rev. Mr. Whinfield, who considered the half hour could not be dispensed with. The amendment was lost in division. Clause 4 fixed the number of the quorum. After a series of propositions, this was finally settled at four for both clerical and lay members. Clause .5 was adopted. This referred to proceedings when the number attend ing was less than that fixed as the quorum. Clause 6. Meetings to be public. This was adopted. Clause 7. Secretaries' minutes and du ties. Adopted. Clause 8. Mode of opening and closing meeting of Synod. Adopted. Clause 9. Order of proceedings, em bracing ten different heads. Head five was amended by being made to read, " Notices of questions shall be given in writing, and answered in writing." His! Lordship, at whose suggestion the addi tional words were iadopted, explained that he should prefer to give his answers to questions in writing, as allowing more time i for deliberation. The rest of the clause was adopted. Clause 10. Attitude in speaking. It was adopted. Clause 11, referring to questions of order, and the ruling of the .President to be final, was adopted. Clause 12, filing to order, was adopted. Clause 13. Speaking more than once not permissible, unless in explanation or in reply. Adopted. Clause 14. President to be allowed privilege of taking part in debate ? with out leaving the chair. Adopted. Clause 15. Formal seconding not to be held as having spoken on the question. Adopted. nia.ii).* 16, confining members to speak ing on questions only, was adopted. Clauses 17 and 18 were omitted. Clause 19, providing that after the first day of each session no motions be re ceived for discussion on the same day, was adopted and became clause 17 of the Standing Orders. Clause 20, empowering the Synod to make any motion an order for the day following that on which it was intended to bring it in, was adopted, and became clause 18. Clause 21, an adjourned debate to be an order of the following day, was adopted, and became clause 19. Clause 22, motions to be taken in the order of standing, &c.;, was adopted, and became clause 20. Clauses 23, 24,25, and 26 were adopted, the last in its order becoming clause 24 of the Standing Orders. His Lordship, appearing to consider that the clauses were being passed over some what too rapidly to allow of a due con sideration of their purport, suggested more deliberation. He had nothing to say against the Newcastle Standing Or ders, still they might have to assign rea sons for the adoption of Bome of them. Mr. Young said as the Standing Orders, after being reported upon by the Ghair man, would in all probability be re-com mitted, it would probably secure their harmony. The Bishop said that the course he had suggested, if followed, might .prevent trouble hereafter. Clause 27, deciding the number to form quorum of Committees, was altered to agree with the quorum of Synod-four clerical and four lay members. This clause became clause 25 of the Standing Orders. Clause 28, providing time of third read ing of Bills ; 29, amendment on motions ; and 30, rules when in Committee on reso lutions to be the same as when on Bills ; were adopted-the last becoming clause 28. Clause 31, as to mode of submitting motions, was adopted, after some expla nation by Mr. Whinfield on the phrase " of a verbal character." This became clause 29 of the Standing Orders. Clause 32, providing for the withdrawal of motions. This was amended, and giv ing consent to the withdrawal was confined to a majority of the Synod. Clause 33. Motions containing more than one question might be required to be divided. This was adopted. Clause 34, mode of voting to be by show of hands and division, was adopted. Clause 35, referring to voting by orders, was, by Mr. Young, moved the omission of. It was subsequently adopted, like wise clauses 36 and 37. Clause 38, referring to powers of Select Committees. This clause was amended, after a lengthy discussion in which nearly all the members took part to making the existence of such Committees co-termin able with the Synod. Clause 39, directing Select Commit tees as to whom and when their reports shall be sent, was amended by inserting " Bishop" msteacl^of " Diocesan Council," and instead of " 30" days "40." Clause 40, mode of balloting; 41, sus pension of Standing Orders; 42, altera tion of same; and 43, the ruling of the President to be taken in all matters not provided for by Standing Orders. These were adopted, making the Standing Orders of the Synod 41 in all. It having been moved and seconded that the Synod resume its sittings, and that the Chairman of Committees report progress to the President, he did so, and the latter announced that he had received the report. Notice of a question and several notices of motion were given. This terminated the business of the day, the Synod was adjourned till half past 9 next morning, and his Lordship dismissed the members with his benedic tion. TUESDAY, MAY 20. The Synod re-opened its sitting, at the appointed hour. All the clerical mem bers were present, but the attendance of lay members was not so large as on Mon day. Mr. Bawden was absent, from tem porary indisposition. 1 After the opening service, the minutes of the previous day were read and con firmed. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield, in the absence of Mr. Bawden, proposed, and the Rev. i Mr. Johnson seconded-That the report of the Committee on the Standing Orders j be adopted. Mr. Young proposed, as an amendment, ? and the Rev. Mr. Davis seconded, their re-committal. The amendment was car ried. The Rev. Mr. Hungerford proposed, and the Rev.-Mrr"DaVis seconded, that, : owing to the abseiW of Mr. Bawden, Mr. T. W. Harriott be appointed Deputy Chairman of Committees. Carried. The Synod then went into Committee of the Whole to re-consider certain clauses of the Standing Orders. Among the clauses re-considered were those referring to the putting of all mo tions, &c.;, into writing-to withdraw mo tions only by consent of a majority of Synod-to fix the limit of waiting for the attendance of a quorum-and in one to change a term. The first and third were maintained ; the second was amended by introducing " the mover and seconder and the last was adopted as proposed. The Synod then resumed, the Deputy Chairman of Committees reported pro gress, and the rest of the orders of the day were proceeded with. Several motions were postponed till > next day. ! The Rev. Mr. Hungerford moved That a Select Committee be appointed, to report on the clauses of the Constitu tion for the management and good go vernment of the Church of England in the colony of New South Wales, in which an option is allowed to a new diocese such Committee to consist of the Revs. C. C. Greenway and J. Spencer, Mr. J. H. Young, and the mover. This was debated only on the number the Select Committee was to consist of and the nature of its powers in regard to the clauses of the Constitution it was to report on. It was carried, after the name of Mr. C. D. Fenwick had been added to those first proposed. This exhausted the orders for the day, and his Lordship gave his benediction. The Select Committee then enteired upon its functions, as explained in the | motion. The Synod having re-aseembled at half past 2, the Chairman of the Select Com mittee reported to the President that they had decided to recommend that the op tional clauses of the Constitutions for the management and good government of the Church of England within the colony of New South Wales, as adopted by the Synod of Newcastle, with the exception of portions of the 16th and 29th clauses, be adopted by the Synod of Grafton and Armidale. The Synod having consented to receive the report, it went into Committee of the Whole to consider the optional clauses. The Constitutions made in Sydney in April, 1866, have 31 clauses, the adoption of the greater portion of which by newly formed dioceses is imperative, but still limited power to make alterations is pro vided for by clause 26, which is as fol lows :-" The Provincial Synod may make rules for altering the manner in which subsequent Provincial Synods shall be convened; and the mode of electing or otherwise appointing members of the House representing the Diocesan Synods, and for restricting the number of clerical and lay representatives to be respectively summoned to any future Provincial Synod, as members of the House representing Diocesan Synods therein, and the manner in which such restrictions shall be effected. Provided that the number of lay repre sentatives of any Diocesan Synod shall never be more than thrice the number of clerical representatives thereof." The only two clauses which afforded matter for lengthy debate, and upon which a decided stand was taken in re gard to particular views held thereon, were the 16th and 29th, being those specially recommended by the Select Committee to attention. The former of the two clauses reads, in the case of the dioceBe of Goulburn :-" When a clergy man has several districts having separate Churches under his parochial charge, the Bishop shall require such clergyman to summon a meeting in connection with each of such Churches, in accordance with the provisions of clause 8, to elect one re presentative for each such district. Pro vided that no parochial district shall elect more than three representatives in the aggregate." In reference to this, the debate turned upon the adoption or otherwise of the word " three." However, upon the ques tion being put to the vote it was decided by the majority to omit the word " three," and substitute " two," as tending better to equalise the interests of the diocese. Clause 29, having reference to proceed ings in the absence of a Bishop from his diocese, &c.;, reads thus:-"In case of the absence from the colony of the Bishop of any diocese, the powers by these Con stitutions vested in him shall be exercised by a Commissary, appointed by him, and in case no such Commissary shall have been appointed, or the see be vacant, such powers shall be exercised by the per son who shall be next in ecclesiastical rank or degree in the diocese and resident therein, until the return of the Bishop or the assumption of office by his successor. Provided that in the case of the dioceses of Newcastle and Goulburn respectively no rules or ordinances which shall be made by the Synod in the absence of the Bishop shall acquire any validity by the assent of the Commissary or President of such Synod, but that all such rules and ordin ances have full force and effect if the as sent thereto of the Bishop shall be signi fied, under his hand and seal, at any time between the passing of such rules and or dinances and one month after his return to the diocese, or, in the event of a va cancy in the see, within three months after the arrival of the new Bishop in the diocese; any provision in clause six of these Constitutions to the contrary not withstanding." The question debated was, should the provision in reference to the dioceses of Newcastle and Goulburn be adopted, or the preceding part of the clause 1 It ap? peared to be a matter in which each mem ber of the Synod, the President included, felt a deep interest. Those of the clergy who led the debate in favour of adopting the former part of the clause were Messrs. Whinfield, Hungerford, and Davis. Tfi« Lordship inclined to the adopting of the Constitutions of Newcastle and Goulburn. On the question being put at the close of the debate, a show of hands was given for and against the Rev. Mr. Hungerford's motion, but being by the Chairman re garded as unsatisfactoiy the House di vided, "Ayes" going to the right, and " Noes" to the left. The result was Ayes, 13 ; Noes, 6. His Lordship asked which of the clergy men in the diocese was next in degree to himself ? The Rev. Mr. Hungerford replied that the Rev. Mr. Whinfield was the senior clergyman, by appointment. His Lordship replied that he was not aware that that was the qualification. The Rev. Mr. Hungerford said he had an idea that, as the Rev. Mr. Whinfield was weightier physically than any other of their number, he might be equally so ecclesiastically (laughter). It having been moved and carried that the Chairman leave the chair, and report the resolutions to the President, he did so accordingly. The President having notified his recep tion of the resolutions, the Rev. Mr. Hungerford moved, and the Rev. Mr. Whinfield seconded, the adoption of the resolutions by the Synod. . This was carried. Mr. C. Legh then proposed the re-com mittal of the determinations, to consider clause 5, in reference to rules for future Synods. This was seconded by Mr. Lamotte. The Rev. Mr. Spencer also moved a re-committal, to consider the 29th clause. The Rev. Messrs. Hungerford and Whinfield opposed the re-committal of the determinations, and on Mr. Legh's motion being put it was lost. The Rev. Mr. Spencerthen withdrewhis. The Rev. Mr. Hungerford then pro posed-"That a Diocesan Council be ap pointed, to transact the business of the diocese, and report the same to the Synod from session to session-such Council to consist of the Bishop of the Diocese as Chairman, and three clerical and: four lay members, to be chosen by ballot; with leave to sit during the recess." Mr. R. I. Perrott seconded the motion. The Rev. Mr. Marshall, as an amend ment, taking into consideration the dis tance clergyman resided from each other, proposed that the number of clerical mem bers should be limited to two, exclusive of the Bishop. This was seconded by Mr. E. G. Clerk. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield said he was decidedly opposed to the reduction of the number of the clergy. He admitted that their being at a great distance apart would prevent their meeting often, but much of the business of the Council might be done by correspondence. The Rev. Mr. Greenway thought the larger number might be retained as the Council, and the smaller adopted as a quorum. His Lordship was afraid, if they adopted the smaller number, it would give room for saying that Armidale had the manage ment of the whole diocese. He agreed with the Rev. Mr. Whinfield that much of the business might be carried on by cor respondence. For his part, he would op pose any reduction of the numbers. The Her. Mr. Johnson said he would take the same course. The Rev. Mr. Hungerford said he felt compelled to adhere to the number of clergymen he had named, as he wished that the representation of the diocese should be made as wide as possible. The point was debated at considerable length before the question was put, and when put the amendment was lost, and the original motion carried. The motion requiring that the members should be balloted for, slips containing the names of all the members of the Synod were distributed, and each struck out the names he did not vote for. They were then collected and examined by scrutineers, the names in the majority being-Clerical: Rev. Messrs. Whinfield, Hungerford, and Spencer. Lay: Messrs. Bawden, Harriott, Thomas, and Fenwick. Several notices of motion having been given for the next day, bis Lordship ad journed the sitting till half-past 9 the following morning. After the benediction by his Lordship, the members retired. It was not till after 6 o'clock, that the day's business was disposed of. At the afternoon sitting all the mem bers, with the exception of Mr. Bawden, were present. The visitors too were nu merous, many ladies appearing to take much interest in the proceedings. WEDNESDAY, MAY 21. The Synod assembled at the time ap pointed. Prayers having been read by the Presi dent, Mr. Perrott called the roll of mem bers, and all were present except Air. Bawden, the Rev. Mr. Hungerford, and the two lay representatives who up to the present time had not attended. Owing to the absence of Mr. Bawden, Mr. E. G. Clerk put a question to the President which had stood in the name of the former gentleman, viz.:-When will the boundaries of the respective parochial districts be clearly defined, in order that the respective clergy may know distinctly the localities within which and where they are expected to officiate ? The President replied : The boundaries of the respective cures cannot at once or always be accurately defined, as they de pend on various circumstances, such as physical conformation of the countiy, in flux of population, and so forth. But l any question which may arise as to the district or cure in which any particular place or station is, for ecclesiastical pur poses, must be referred to me as Bishop of the diocese. Owing to the unavoidable absence of the Rev. S. Hungerford, a motion in his name was allowed to Btand over. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield proposed, and Mr. Perrott seconded-" That thia Synod resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to frame a Constitution for the Diocesan Council, taking as a basis the constitution of the Diocesan Council of the Synod of Newcastle." The motion having been put by the President, it was carried. In Committee, the clauses were debated seriatim, and that which occupied most time was the one referring to the ap pointment of a Bishop's deputy, the mem bers who spoke principally to it being the Rev. Messrs. Davis, Green way, Spencer, Whinfield, Robinson, and Johnson; the laymen, Messrs. Young, Perrott, and Thomas. Strong objection was taken to his qualification being derived from rank in orders, as it might happen that a clergy man of long residence and experience in the diocese might be placed under the control of a clergyman of no local experi ence, either fresh out from England or -perhaps from some other colonial diocese. Numerous suggestions were made to ac commodate the existing. sentiment, and at length such a set of terms were chosen as could leave no doubt that the supervi sion of the diocese in the absence of the Bishop must fall to that clergyman who had been not longest resident in the dio cese merely. Mr. Davis considered that the whole of the clergy had nearly an eqiial right to the. appointment if the qualification were derived from that, as the diocese proper was only of recent existence, but he thought it should be he who had been longest resident as a clergy man in the districts now forming the dio cese of Grafton and Armidale. Clause 5, referring to the duties and powers of Diocesan Councils, containing several divisions, also occupied a great deal of attention. Division 2 gave power to appropriate grants to the diocese from the mother country. The Rev. Mr. Whin field thought that, from the little benefit the diocese was likely to derive from this, it might be expunged altogether (laughter). The President expressed himself de cidedly opposed to the adoption of such a course, as it would not only unnecessarily limit other resources, but would interfere with efforts he had been making in Eng land to obtain grants. The Rev. Mr. Spencer wished to know what they were to understand by the word appropriate ? The President (not as Chairman) said it was to be taken in its technical sense-viz., to put to a pro per purpose. The President, in the course of the debate, expressed the pleasure he felt at the Synod undertaking the forma tion of a Diocesan Conncil, as likely to relieve him from much anxiety, and give him valuable assistance on all questions of finance. He considered the burden of such matters should not fall exclusively upon him. The other divisions of this clause were to decide upon the separation of districts, acceptance of lands for Church purposes, to assist the Bishop in promot ing the welfare of the Church, prepare the business for ensuing Synods, &c.; At the close of the debate, it was moved and carried that the Chairman do leave the chair, and report the amended clauses to the President. This having been done, the President intimated such to the Synod. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield proposed, and i Mr. R. I. Perrott seconded-" That leave be given to bring in an Act to provide for the collection and appropriation of pa rochial and diocesan funds in the diocese | of Grafton and Armidale." Carried, : without debate. It was then moved by the Rev. Mr Whinfield, and seconded by the Rev. Mr. Davis-"That the Bill be read a first time." Carried. The preamble of the Bill was then read by the mover. The following motion, introduced by Mr. C. Legh, was, after a brief debate upon the advisability of doing so, and ?what members should constitute it, re ferred to a Select Committee-" That it iB desirable the question of Church pa | tronage 'in this diocese be settled wis I session, and that the Synod do form itself into Committee, to deal with such matters as the question may involve." Mr. Perrott then proposed, and the Rev. Mr. Donning seconded-"That a Select Committee be appointed for the purpose of considering the best mode of forming a clergyman's widow and orphan i fund for the diocese of Grafton and Ar midale, to prepare rules for the carrying out of the same, and report the result thereof at the next session of Synod. Committee to consist of Messrs. H. A. Thomas and C. Legh, the Rev. Messrs. S. Hungerford and C. C. Greenway, and ' also the mover." i The mover, among a number of highly l laudable motives which he mentioned as having led him to make the above motion, mentioned the generally limited incomes of clergymen, whose minds, he knew, must often be over-anxious as to how their families would be provided for in the event of their death. He considered that a given sum paid regularly by each into a common fund, supplemented by contributions, would secure what he pro posed. From long observation and re flection, he considered it not only desir able but practicable (cheers). The President said the measure had his highest approval, and he hoped it would receive the support it deserved. In this part of the world there were many bur dens on the incomes of the clergy, and be they as careful as they might their in comes generally only sufficed for present wants. In addition to himself and family, « clergyman had to keep horses for tra velling with, and forthese an outlay had to be incurred, so that, taking his neces sities into consideration, he could not save from his stipend without pinching himself very much. He did hope that the Com mittee would have some tangible plan to lay before the Synod at its next session. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield also expressed his gratification, and remarked that the thanks of the Synod were due to Mr. Perrott. He regarded it as a most neces sary measure, and hoped it would be brought to a successful issue. The motion, when put by the President, was carried unanimously, and he desired the Secretary to record it so. Mr. Perrott also moved-" That a Se lect Committee be appointed to obtain information as to the Sunday Schools throughout the diocese of Grafton and Armidale, and report on the following particulars :-1st, Number of Schools in diocese. 2nd, Number of children in at tendance. 3rd, Number of teachers in each School. 4th, Whether the Schools are sufficiently supplied with books, and from what sources the books are sup plied." Mr. Perrott supported his motion by adducing matters which had come under his own observation, proving a still wide spread deficiency of Christian knowledge among the youth of the colony, and the too common practice of Sabbath-breakin g among such, even around Armidale. He considered the task of obtaining this in formation had better be undertaken by a Committee of laymen, as the dutieB of the clergy were already sufficiently ample. The Rev. Mr. Walker seconded the mo tion. -~ The President said he highly approved of the motives which had led to the intro duction of the resolution, which was, how ever, rather informal. Much of the in formation sought to be obtained he had already collected, and it would be sup plied in a schedule to the proceedings of the Synod. After a little further conversation on the point, the mover withdrew the reso lution by consent. Mr. R. I. Perrott then moved, and the Rev. Mr. Kemp seconded-" That a Se lect Committee be appointed to obtain statistical information requisite for the Church of England Denominational Schools in the diocese:-1st, As to working of the Government Education Act. 2nd, The number of Schools in which religious instruction is given, in the time specified by the Public Schools Act, by clergymen. 3rd, Whether the Schools have a sufficient supply of books. 4th, The state of the School buildings, and how funds are provided for repair ing these. Committee to consist of the Rev. Messrs. Hungerford, Whinfield and Greenway; and Messrs. Tto , Harriott, and the mover." Mr. Perrott said he had been led to be lieve that the Denominational Schools had much deteriorated in efficiency since they had been under the direction of Public School Inspectors. The surveillance of the clergyman had been diminished by his being restricted to certain hours of at tendance, which were frequently not con venient to him. He wished to have the question of the efficiency of the Denomi national Schools ventilated, in the hope that some good might arise out of it. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield regarded the motion of Mr. Perrott as too vague to be dealt with by the Synod. Further, he did not think the motion necessary, as there was but one Denominational School in the diocese, and that was in his own district. He had no grounds for doubt ing the efficiency of thiB School, and he knew that the Public School Board desired to consult the convenience of clergymen who wished to give religious instruction to the children of members of their Churches. He hoped Mr. Perrott would not press his motion. Mr. Perrott said he had no desire to press his motion, and if leave were given he would withdraw it. Leave being given, it was withdrawn. Mr. Perrott then moved, and Mr. E. G. Clerk seconded-"That the Diocesan Council be instructed to prepare a Beries of resolutions embodying the principles upon which acts for establishing tribunals for trial of offences by clergymen and office-bearers should be gronnded, to be submitted to the Synod at its next ses sion." The Rev. Mr. Whinfield regarded the motion as premature, as the Diocesan Council was not practically in existence. The President agreed with Mr. Whin field, and thought it would be better to defer the matter for thorough discussion at the next session. They had no power to deprive a clergyman of his civil rights.* What they might determine must be by consent of all parties. Leave being given, Mr. Perrott with drew his motion. Mr. Perrott then moved-" That a Se lect Committee be appointed to consider and determine the elections and qualifica tions of lay representatives for the dioceBo of Grafton and Armidale-the Committee to consist of two clergymen and three lay men-viz., The Rev. Messrs. Greenway and Marshall, and Messrs. H. A. Thomas, C. Legh, and the mover." The Rev. Mr. DaviB objected to the name of the Rev. Mr. Marshall, as he considered the rev. gentleman's experience of the laity of the district too short to allow of his deciding with necessary accuracy. He proposed, in lieu of the Rev. Mr. Marshall, the Rev. Mr. Johnson. Lengthy discussion ensued on the point, and the original motion was even tually carried. It being now after noon, the sitting was adjourned till half-past 2. Several motions were then filed to he introduced on the Synod re-assembling. The Synod having re-assembled, The Rev. Mr. Whinfield moved 'f That the. Constitutions of the Dio cesan Council of this Synod be adopted." The motion was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Johnson. On being put by the President, it was . carried unanimously. The President then declared the Dio cesan Council duly constituted. Mr. C. Legh moved-" That a Select Committee be appointed, to frame a mea sure during the recess to provide for the appointment of clergy to parishes in the diocese of Grafton and Armidale, on the basis of the Bill now in force in the dio cese of Newcastle-the Committee to con sist of the Right Rev. the President, Rev. Messrs. Greenway, Hungerford, and Ro binson, and Messrs. Thomas, Fenwick, and the mover." Carried. Mr. Thomas moved-"That a Select Committee be Appointed for the purpose of collecting and preparing, during the recess, for the information of the Synod at the next session, returns of all funds, lands, churches, schools, parsonages, and otherproperty belonging to orheldintrust, together with names of the persons in pos session, for the Church of England in the diocese of Grafton and Armidale ; that such Committee consist of the Rev. S. Hungerford, the Rev. J. F. R. Whin field, Mi*. T. W. Harriott, and the mover; and that the trustees of Church property and the clergymen and churchwardens of the various parishes throughout the dio cese be requested to furnish such Com mittee, upon application, any information that may be required to render auch re turns as complete and accurate as possi ble. " The motion was seconded by Mr. Young. ? The President said he was of opinion that the. latter part of the resolution was an unnecessary detail, which might, with out detracting in any way from the effect of it, be left to the Committee. The mover opposed the curtailment of the resolution, and considered that it would be wiser to make the instructions to the Committee thus extensive. He re garded it as most important that the Dio cesan Council should be fully informed of the means of the Churchy and what they had power over. The President said the resolution opened a question o! great importance to the interests of the diocese, and it was one which he would lite to have settled as early as possible. He was aware that the Bishop of Newcastle held personally a great many trusts in this diocese, which he would surrender to himself whenever he was in a position to accept them. It was necessary that he should get an Act passed through the Houses of Legislature to empower him to hold trusts for the dio cese. To diminish as much as possible the expense of an Act, he had agreed with his brother the Bishop of Bathurst, who was in the same position as himself, that they should apply to Parliament conjointly. The costs then to the respective dioceses would be about £60. Mr- Young wished to be informed if the same difficulty in regard to an Act of Parliament would exist if the trusts held by the Bishop of Newcastle were trans ferred to trustees other than the Bishop of this diocese 1 The President replied he was aware that the Bishop of Newcastle had bought land for the special benefit of this part of the diocese, and he did not wish to trans fer it to several trustees. The Rev. Mr. Johnson said his house at Grlen Innes stood upon a portion of two acreBof land which belonged to the dio cese, but he did not know who held it in trust. He knew that it was land granted by the Government, but nothing further respecting it. The President stated that as the trusts stood, held by the Bishop of Newcastle, "were he to die they would pass to his suc cessor, but as he was prepared to transfer Buch as were in this diocese it was desir able he should be in a position as early as possible to accept them. ?.?-?The Rev. Mr. Spencer mentioned in stances in which the Bishop of Newcastle had accepted trusts. The President explained that that was owing to his having done what it was now necessary he should do. The Ra^Mr. Whinfield said he believed that the Bishop of Newcastle was sole trustee of nearly all the Church property in his diocese. In most instances it had been conveyed first to him, and it rested with him to convey it to other trustees at his pleasure. After some remarks from the Rev. Mr. Greenway and a statement on the part of the Rev. Mr. Johnson that he was aware that in the map of the town of Olen Innes Newcastle was on the two acres granted for a clergyman's residence, the motion was put and earned unanimously. The Rev. Mr. Johnson moved,* and the Rev. Mr. Marshall seconded-" That this fcynoddo consider the subject of Church dues and fees, with a view to ensure uni formity of practice in respect of them throughout the diocese of Grafton and Armidale." The President recommended the refer ring of this question to a Select Com mittee. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield regarded the motion as being without sufficient data to base deliberations upon. Mr. Young thought that by referring the motion to a Select Committee each member could make use of his own ex perience. He preferred that this course should be followed. The Rev. Mr. Johnson said he should nave made his motion, more complete, but he had taken advice which had laid it open to the present charge of imperfec tion. He would, however, if he obtained leave, withdraw his motion, and move for a Select Committee, to consider it in an improved form. The Rev. Mr. Spencer moved, and the Rev. Mr. Dunning seconded-" That leave be given to bring in a Bill to adopt the Constitutions of the General Synod of the dioceses of Tasmania and Austra lia, held at Sydney, in the month of Oc tober, 1872." The motion being carried without de . bat», a second was also carried for sus pending the Standing Orders, to enable the bill to be carried at oflbe through all its stages. The first, second,, and, third readings were then proceeded with. The ordin ances for accepting determinations Nos. 1, 2, and 3-of the General Synod were as follows :-"Whereas. certain determina tions, being Nos. 1, 2, and 3, were made by the General, Synod of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, on the 25th day of October, 1872, intituled ' Rules for the confirmation and consecration of Bishops and for the election of Primates,' a copy of which is contained in the schedule hereunto annexed; and whereas it is ex pedientthatthe said determinations should be accepted by the Church in this diocese : It is therefore hereby ordained and ruled by the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Grafton and Axmidale, in Synod assembled, that the said determinations, and rules therein contained, shall be and are hereby accepted, and adopted, and declared to be binding on the Church in this diocese, in like manner as if the said determinations had been enacted by the Synod in this diocese." The determinations as referred to are contained in the end of the report of the General Conference and Synod of the dioceseB of Australia and Tasmania, held at Sydney, in October, 1872. They re fer in determination No. 1-1st, To the confirmation of Bishops ; 2nd, Consecra tion of Bishops ; 3rd, Election of future Primates. Determination No. 2 contains a set of resolutions, 12 in number, for the constitution of an Appellate Tribunal. And determination No. 3 five resolutions for the constitution of a Board of Missions of the Church in the dioceses of Austra lia and Tasmania. These were all passed through their se veral stages and adopted by the Synod. The Iter. Mr. Whinfield moved, and the Rev. Mr, Kemp seconded, the second reading of a bill introduced by the mover to provide for the collection and appro priation of parochial and diocesan funds in the dioceBe of Grafton and Armidale. The mover said he had drawn the Bill with great care, but was by no means wedded to all its clanses, and therefore should give no needless opposition to pro positions for amendments when in Com mittee upon it. The Bill was not original altogether, but had been framed by him upon one that was now in operation in the diocese of Newcastle. Believing that a similar Bill would be a benefit to this diocese, he had made careful enquiries re specting its working in the diocese of Newcastle, and had been informed that it worked well, and that it was not consi dered necessary to make any improve ments in it. He believed it would be found to meet many wants known to ex ist in this diocese, and therefore he wished to hasten it through its various stages. The motion was carried. The Bill having been read a second time, the third reading was proposed and agreed to, and without delay the Synod was moved into Committee of the Whole to consider its different clauses. The 1st clause was-" Each parish shall form, as hereinafter provided, a Parochial Church Council, to consist of the Bishop of the Diocese as President, the Curate of the Parish as Vice President, and the Churchwardens ex-officio, and not more than eight other members, of whom two shall retire annually, together with the representatives of the District Commit tees, if any, as hereinafter provided, and the Council shall elect a Secretary and Treasurer-three members of the Council forming a quorum." A rather lengthy debate occurred on the propriety of retaining the word parish, and after various suggestions so as to pre vent any misconstruction being put on it the words "ecclesiastical district herein called" were inserted before the word parish. 2nd clause. " Eveiy adult male whose name shall, with the consent of the Paro chial Council, or, if there be no Parochial Council, of the Bishop of the Diocese, be enrolled as a member of the Church of England, and a parishioner of any parish shall have a vote in the election of mem bers of the Council of the parish in which he is so enrolled." This was altered, after a careful debate, by striking out " with the consent," &c;^f : as far as the words " of any parish," and by introducing the words " be enrolled as a member of the Church of England and a parishioner of any parish by the Paro chial Council or Curate of such parish." This course was considered to provide a broader basis of liberty to such as might desire to enrol themselves as members of the Church. The 3rd clause, referring to Duties of j 1 Council; the 4th, to District Committees ;. and the 5th, to Duties of District Com mittees; were agreed to without altera tion. The 6th, having reference to malting of by laws, was merely altered by substitut ing the words *' winch may be" for "to be." This clause gave a power to Paro chial Councils to frame by laws for their own guidance, subject to the approval of the Diocesan Council, and "to revision by the Synod if necessary. Clause 7, providing for the retirement from and election annually of two mem bers of the Parochial Councils, was agreed' to so far as it stood, but the words " Pro vided also that the first election may take place at any time before 31st December, 1873, and that the Parochial Council then elected shall continue in office until Eas ter, 1875," were added. This change was made in deference to a desire expressed by the President that the Parochial Coun cils should be brought into existence, if possible, before Easter, 1874. Clause 8 provided that members of Parochial Councils should retire by rotation after those first elected had re tired in the order of the number of votes received, commencing at the lowest. 9th, as to the management of funds by Parochial Councils, was-"Contributions received by the Parochial Council, unless specially appropriated by the donor, shall be paid into a fund to be called the Pa rochial Church Fund ; the charges' upon this fund each year shall be-1st, per cent., to be paid to the general fund; 2nd, £200 to the stipend fund, until the sum be altered, as hereinafter specified ; 3rd, such other payments as the Parochial Council may approve." The author of the Bill said he proposed that 10 per cent, should be paid, in addi tion to the ,£200, by all parishes receiving State aid, and 5 per cent, by all not re ceiving such aid. This proposal seemed in the minds of some, and especially that of the Rev. Mr. Davis, to be based on false premises, but the President and others considered that the view taken by Mr. Whinfield was i consistent with what it was desired to j effect. The argument in respect of both : views appeared at times be on a balance, { but at length, to prevent ambiguity, or 1 misconception, it was made to read "all parishes receiving State aid to contribute i £110 per annum, and all not £210 per annum." The reason the parishes re- i ceiving State aid contributed only £110 per annum was that the £100 State aid would not be received through them, but direct from the Government; hence the Government £100, the parish £110, total l £210, equalised the two. It was asked what would be done if any parish refused or neglected to contribute as proposed ? ?Was the stipend of the clergyman to go J unpaid? _ The President replied that it j was not likely that any money owing to the clergyman would remain unpaid, but it ioight lead to his,being removed. The object of the measure was to ensure the regular payment of stipend, and hp be-, lieved it would have the effect. j i 10 provided that all contributions shall be received by the Diocesan Council, under one of three heads-1st, stipend fund ; 2nd, general fund; 3rd, special fund; and the after part of the clause explained the uses of the different funds. 11 read:-"To the curate of each parish contributing according to the pro visions of this Act to the stipend and general funds, the Diocesan Council shall pay at the end of each quarter fifty pounds, or such amount aB shall secure to each curate fifty pounds, including the State aid.'' 13th clause-" This Act shall be styled and cited as the Diocesan and Parochial Funds Act of session 1873." The amendments in the Act having been reported to the President, its adop tion was put to the Synod and carried. It being now late in the evening, the Synod having been desirous to pass the above Act through all its stages before adjournment, the sitting was adjourned till half-past 9 on Friday evening. The morning of Thursday, the day ap pointed for the laying the foundation stone of the new English Cathedral Church, was jnost auspicious in regard to weather. That the day was to be an occasion of unusual interest was evident at an early period, by the number of persons seen in the streets, dressed in their Sunday's best. This impression must a little later have received full confirmation by the very ex traordinary amount of bunting and na tional flags that was to be seen fluttering from lines at a considerable elevation over the foundation of the new Church. A jolly "tar," if he had suddenly awak ened under the scene, would, from the host of ships' signal flags flying, have made no doubt that it was a seaman's holiday. That Armidale had been act ually made into a " seaport" at last, even wiser heads than that of Jack's (before alluded to) might have concluded. We quite agree that when there is cause for rejoicing it should be apparent, and we beg to compliment those who decorated the Church site that they did it so tho roughly. Amid all the cause for rejoicing, the giving of thanks to Him who is the Au thor of all Good was not omitted. His Lordship the Bishop, the clergy resident and visiting in Armidale, and many mem bers of the Church attended prayers at 8 a.m. Again at 11 there were prayers, the congregation attending completely filling the Church. On this occasion the service terminated at the three collects, when the congregation poured towards the scene of the event, to witness which a large num ber, whom the Church could not contain, had assembled on the ground. In this large and unusual concourse in Armidale all classeB became commingled, a practical illustration of the doctrine to be incul cated jn the edifice in course of being erected. Here too the various classes of society appeared to acknowledge the ne cessity of having a place where they could meet in, common for a common object; hence, perhaps, the general desire to se cure good s&nd; points from which to wit ness the ceremony. While the laity, . male ahd female, gentle and simple, were thronging the foundation, mounting the solid stacks of brickB^and climbing even to dangerous heightB,'<fhe clergy, verger, bearing a staff of office, and lay members" of the Synod proceeded in a pre- arranged order from the Church abgp> Rusden street Westward, thence Up Dangar street, and to the site by the entrance in the latter street. These took their stations East of the positionjrf<£he stone, or rather stones, to be laid; "To facilitate 'the actual work of laying these every ne cessary preparation had been made ; the larger and nether stone had been slang, and the upper was in a raised position close by. Upon the N. face of the larger ?tone the words " To the Gloiy of God" rd been chiselled in hieroglyphic letters. Before commencing the ceremony, the IBishop placed the parchment document 'on the stone, and invited all who might desire to sign it. A large number of per sons complied with the invitation. When the people had ceased signing, his Lord ship read the particulars set forth upon it. These were under an exquisitely beauti fully illuminated heading " To the Glory of God." S l»rt*"This stone was laid by James F. Turner, D.D., Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, on Thursday, May 22, A.D., 1873, being the Feast of the Ascension of our Blessed Lord to Heaven; at which time the first Synod of the Diocese was sitting; Septimus Htmgerford being cu rate of the ecclesiastical district of Armi ^y&pjppntaming; towns of Armidale, UraDa, and Falconer, and squatting sta tions as follows :-Gostwyck, Dangar's ; Salisbury, Marsh's; Terrible Vale, Tay lor's ; Mihi Creek, White's; Balala, Morse's ; Tarrowick, Dangar's ; Booro long, Marsh's; Gyrah, Legh's ; Saumarez, Thomas's ; Eversleigh, Belfield & Co.'s ; Tilbuster, Cross's; Gara, Marks's ; Sugar Loaf, Gill's ; Bock Yale, Gill's ; Aberfoil, White's ; Hillgrove, R. Hargrave's ; Wal lomumbi, Fletcher's; Guy Fawkes, Rig ney's ; Serpentine, Cook's ; Guy Fawkes, Parke's; Hernani, E. Hargrave's ; Tyr ingham and Blick*s River, Perrott's. Henry Arding Thomas, John Moore, and Robert Issell Perrott, Churchwardens." Then followed in the reading the names of all the clergy and lay representatives attending the Synod, and those of the other members of the Church who had signed the document, which also bore the names of J. Horbury Hunt, Architect, and Wm. Seabrook, Foreman of Works. After the reading, it was placed in the hands of the Architect to have it enclosed in a cylindrical metal case. The form of service for laying the chief stone of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Apostle and Martyr, was then commenced by the Bishop, and proceeded with by him as far as the Lord's Prayer. Then the Choir, which was stationed^ S.E. of the stone, sang Psalm 127, "Ex cept the Lord build the house," &c.; The Rev. Mr. Whinfield next read the Lesson, being from the 1st Cor., 3rd chap., 9th and other verses. The Bishop, after the Lesson, pro ceeded with the prayers until he had read so far as " And the glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us, prosper Thou the works of our hands upon us," and the clergy and people had repeated " O prosper Thou our handiworks." Here the ceremony of laying the stones commenced, and occupied some time. While the Bishop was busy, with Mr. Hunt and Mr. Davis, spreading a bed of cement for the stone, the Rev. Messrs. Greenwayand Marshall stationed them selves at the machine to lower or raise the stone as might be needed. When all was ready the square block of granite was safely lowered to its place, plumbed, and levelled. The document in its metal case was then deposited in its niche in the top of the stone, over which the second stone was in course of time placed. The pro cess of plumbing, &c.;, was again proceeded with, and as the level .was not so perfect desired theJBishop used the fumdonrnft steel mallet with more force than &pp;& rently it was prepared for, as the shocks caused the head and handle to show an inclination to part asunder. At length the masonry work -was finished, and the Bishop said, solemnly, " In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The people re sponded " Amen." The prayer following being read, the Choir sang the Hymn, " 0 Lord of Hosts, Whose glory fills," and afterwards Psalm 122, "I was glad when they said unto me ' We will go into the House of the Lord.'" Then the Bishop read the service to the end. His Lordship next delivered a very impressive exhortation. He wished the members of the Church to keep in mind the holy deed which had been done that day; that to accomplish what they had undertaken they were required to make sacrifices, not of what cost them nothing, but of that which they valued. The great work was not only for themselves, but for generations who would come after them, and who, if God stirred up their hearts to worship in it, would have reason to be proud of the edifice they had built for them. His Lordship then very impres sively sketched in life pictures the differ rent circumstances under which members of the Church might have occasion to regard it with reverence and thankfulness. He spoke of it as the sacred place where the infant would receive its baptism, where the youth would be confirmed in the faith which had been accepted for him at his baptism, where the sacred obliga tion of marriage would be undertaken, and finally where the bodies of the de parted would be brought ere conveyed to their last resting place. That, he re minded them, which/they gave out of love to the object would be more acceptable to God than what was bestowed with indiffer ence. He wished all who had anything , to contribute would do so, let the amount be ever BO small. -? The whole ceremony being now at an end, contributions to the building fund were brought to the stone, where the Rev. Mr. Hungerford and other clergymen i waited to receive them. In about half an hour, it was announced that j£300 in cheques, £94 in notes, £57 in gold, and other moneys were handed in, making the handsome total of £476 Os. 9§d. But it was subsequently found that the offering made by the Hon. John Campbell was £25, and not as stated £75. The error arose from the Bishop taking the authority of a friend without looking at the letter itself. The members of the Church of England will, therefore, kindly remember that the Cathedral Church fund is £50 poorer than it was supposed to be. We may add that the flags which added so much to the picturesqueness of the scene were kindly lent by Commodore Dangar and Mr. W. Parmer, from their yachts Mistral and Ella, R.S.Y.S. The number of persons present at the laying of the foundation stone was between 300 and 400. An estimate of 350 is pro bably near the mark. The people gradually retired from the ground, to re-asBemble at the Town Hall, where a most ample and first-rate luncheon was provided for all comers. Everything the appetite could desire was there, pre sented in the most inviting form. At a glance it was apparent that high culinary skill and unsparing care had been used in the production of so sumptuous an enter tainment, and to voluntary efforts and unlimited benevolence it was all attribut able. We feel that no praise can render justice to the exertions and self- denial of those ladies whose forethought, excellent judgment, and good management accom plished the achievement of really dining between 300 and 4©0 persons, and then having much to spare. The number we mention could not all sit down at once, but they did in four sets, making room for each other in rota tion. Stewards who had been carefully chosen, and who merited the confidence reposed in them, exercised an efficient su pervision, never allowing a known want to remain unprovided for. Waiters being in all but unlimited demand, gentlemen who had dined left their seats, and some, withnapkinonarm, attendedin exemplary style to the requirements of such as were still dining or who wished to dine. We believe they felt their services well re quited in the pleasure derived from the performance of them. At last the whole of the candidates for dinner, even to the hungry little boys who had hung about the doors, having in their possession no "open sesame" by which to obtain ad mittance, were most amply provided for. Among the last in were some of the workmen at the Cathedral Church, whom the Bishop complimented for their industry, one being specially praised. He has been some time about Armidale, and is known aB " Tom." We must not close our sketch without mentioning that Mrs. Pitkin, Mrs. Sher ratt, and Mrs. Williams (the latter servant to Mrs. Hungerford) did a great deal ne cessary to promote the comfort and con venience of all who attended.the magnifi cent luncheon. I In the afternoon, at 4 o'clock, a Church meeting was held, for the purpose of de vising measures for raising the money re quired for the building and completion of fthe new Cathedral Church. The attend ance was very large,rana man3f ladies were present. > His Lordship the Bishop of the Dioeese presided. It was, after a time, agreed that the most effective plan would be to open a subscription list at once, and that the whole diocese should be canvassed subse quently. The Rev. S. Hungerford laid before Ijthe meeting a statement of the Church [(building finances. | On the list being opened, amounts of £100 each were set down by some gentle men present, and other very handsome titans wterS"Sd3ed. We did hear that no sum less than £5 was set down. Wewera [formed that the total amount then sub iribed was upwards of £800. Vv mie tlieliitr5®£D3mie^open, different topics were spoken upon. The Rev. Mr. Greenway said, humor ously, that he had come to Armidale un der the impression that, instead of his district being called upon to contribute towards the building of the Armidale Ca thedral Church, he would have received something out of the fund for his Church at Bundarra. The Bishop spoke at considerable length on the internal requirements of the Ca thedral Church. As it was the intention to order the pulpit in England, he would like to be in a position to do so at an early period. To obtain such a one as it was proposed would require £14 from each parochial district. He thought the pulpit should be a feature in the Church , which all, whether living far or near, should take an interest in, it being, that which he, as their head and Bishop, would occupy most often. He then spoke of the cost of a lectern, which might be from £60 to a much higher sum, and books of service and furniture for the Holy Table, some of which had been already provided for. He spoke too of a sum ot some .£12 which had been subscribed in shillings to erect a tablet to the memory of the late [ lamented Bishop Sawyer. This, he sug gested, should be a part of the money required for vessels for the Holy Com munion. He stated that there would be two chalices and one flagon, which he de sired should be as good as their means would enable them to obtain. The Rev. Mr. Whinfield said he was in possession of a sum also raised to furnish a tablet memorial to the late Bishop. He could answer for it that his people would raise no objection to its being devoted to the purpose it was proposed to put that Taised in Armidale. This the Bishop declined, and con sidered it would be better that it should be expended or kept as a nucleus for sup plying the Church at Tamworth with a better service than that it had. So ex pended, it would still be a memorial as in tended. The Rev. Mr. Johnson said he felt great kindness towards the people of Armidale for the help they had rendered him when he needed it, and he could pledge him self, on the part of the people of Glen Innes, to contribute something towards supplying the internal requirements of the new Cathedral Church at Armidale. Mr. Jas. Buchanan spoke of the £50 or so which had been raised for a memorial window to the late Mr. 0. "W. Marsh. He would like his Lordship to suggest some mode for disposing of .this, and if £10 or £20 additional were required he would pledge himself to raise it. The Bishop said such a sum as was in hand, or even increased by the amount named, would only provide a single light window, and would therefore not, he thought, be such a memorial as would give satisfaction. He would suggest that the money be applied towards the pur chase of a lectern, which still would be a memorial. Mr. Buchanan said, although he would like the money to be disposed of under his Lordship's direction, he could not an swer for the subscribers that they would consent to this. Before he gave an an swer, he would like to hear their senti ments. Mr. Blythe also expressed similar views. The question was, after a good deal had been said upon it, left open for a fortnight, during which Mr. Hunt, the Architect, would prepare plans and esti mates of the different windows. The Bishop stated that a double light stained glass window would cost about £120. The Rev. Messrs. Spencer, Robinson, and Marshall advocated that applications, when made to the different Church dis tricts for assistance in money, should be made for a specific purpose, as being much more likely to be successful. Mr. Mar shall had fouDd that collecting cards dis tributed at the head stations had been veiy useful in obtaining funds. He sug gested that such should be issued for the purposes they were discussing. The meeting was unanimous towards doing throughout the diocese all that was possible to meet the claims upon it for the proper completion and ornamentation of the new Cathedral Church. TTi« Lord ship said he would shortly deliver a lec ture, at the Town Hall, on Church Archi tecture, which he hoped would be of interest and help the funds of the Church. He then gave the meeting his benedic tion, and closed the proceedings. The following is a synopsis of the ma terial business transacted at the Synod yesterday. We defer our report till next issue, having to go to press so early to se cure despatch of certain mails, and there not being time for the writing out of the report between the adjournment of the Synod and when we had to go to press: It was decided that the Act to provide for the collection and appropriation of parochial and diocesan, funds should be read a third time at the next sitting. Leave was given to introduce an Act to provide for declaration of submission to the Synod. It was decided that the new Lectionary should be adopted, and commence on Advent Sunday. It was also decided that, in the opinion of the Synod, all Church lands in the dio cese should be vested in one general trust, with as little delay as possible. A proposal was adopted with reference to enquiries as to the purchase of Bishops thorpe, from sum to credit and balance from Building Society. Leave was given to bring in a Bill for accepting the Constitutions of the Synod of the dioceses of Australia and Tas mania. The Synod adjourned, about half-past 5 p.m., till this morning, at half-past 9. The sale of fancy goods, towards a special fund for tiling the floor of the Cathedral Church, was commenced yes terday, and will be continued to-day, un der the management of Mrs. Tunier. Yesterday it was very successful, a large quantity of goods being disposed of dur ing the afternoon. The sale did not com mence till 3 p.m. We have received a copy of the second issue of the 'Australasian Sketcher.' Good as the first number was, the one before us is superior, and contains eight extra pages. It is in every respect an excellent production, and very good value for the small subscription. The ' Sketcher' eschews politics and commer cial subjects, and will be a favourite with those readers who are fond of matter in great part of a light, instructive, and ge nerally interesting kind. With but slight exceptions, the illustrations in the num ber before us are equal in drawing and engraving to those in the 4 Illustrated London News.' They comprise a very fine portrait of Mr. Daintree, the Agent General for Queensland ; two scenes from the drama of the Wicked World (we 'understand that in these the Melbourne actresses represented are not done justice to); Arthur's Pass, a landscape of a peculiarly wild and sterile character; seven sketches connected with the Great Extended Hustler's Mine, Sandhurst; ladies with the new sash; the new steamer Bulli; the magnificent landscape of Lake Korangamite; a double-page re presentation of the Paris winter fashions, containing 14 figures; a graphic sketch of a Melbourne wool sale; a view on the \ Clarence River; the new post office at Adelaide ; King Charles's Spaniels; por traits of Hamilton Hume and Herr Sprinckhorn, a talented musician; con cluding with plates of Fijian moun taineers and a game-breeding establish ment. ' Mr. Henry Crowe has been gazetted as Bailiff of tfoe Small Debts Court, Walcha. Regulations for ite prouiotlOft-Of migration are published in a supplement |to the ' Gazette' of 16th instant. ' Improved crown lands can be purchased as follows i--Anne Pilcher, Auburn "Vale, 110a. £111. John "Moore. 2a. palish of Ur»n»,P9 H 