LIVE FENCES. Bin,— Your correspondent, " An Old Planter," sccniB sceptical as to the mutability of the box- thorn (Lyceum) as a hedge or fence plant. I am well aware of tho lovo, almost veneratioR, in spired by tho whitethorn in the hearts of Eng- hslnncn by associations and traditions of hun dreds of years, but licre we aro Victorians, under a different zone : climate and position aro al- tered, progress and scicnco aro ever acquiring fresh knowledge, and overy Victorinn's moKo should be A'on sUtisedpulriu. With Roniosuch feel ing I drew attention to tho boxthorn as a sub stitute for post and rail, or brush fencing ; its beauty iu the landscape, its quick growth, small expense, and its speedy nnd sturdy, dcfcnco ngainst cattle. An Old Plnntor asks for informa tion. I take pleasure in supplying all I can in the short space allowed by a letter. First seed can Iks bowii, and in eight weeks plants will ho strong cnoti'di to plant out: the growth is quiok, but not of tho nature that Old Planter suggests. IIo has picked up tho word " luxuriance, and makes an imaginary ghost of it, as if I had con veyed the idea, of a trailing vino or tho fleshy acacia. Tho boxthorn has no ilismlvanUigcs'that tho whitethorn docs not also possess. I have scon the whitethorn make a growth oftrom threo to four feet in ono year, and I have scon tho thorn iu another situation net mako as much in ton years. Tho lioxthorn has the advantage iu ovcrv way. TJio whitethorn of quick growth throws out no prickles, while tho boxthorn of equal growth, on every inch of the branch, has pnckleH strong enough to picrco tho hido of an elephant. Tho whitethorn of quick growth rats optriitllo or no undergrowth, therefore must >o closdly planted and much more expensive. Tho box has a steady undergrowth from the root of the stem. When lwitli plants arc switched, or cut back, tho thickening properties of tho box aro far superior, nnd the power to resist cattlo three times as great. Cost of seed for tho white- thorn, tho timo from two to three years before pricking out in nursery beds, then again from one to two years before planting out renders tho whitethorn an expensive fence, while t,ho box is of 'small' cost-. Seed put into ground wc|i prepared will Iki up in as mnny weeks as tho whitethorn takes years, and may bo planted from the bed. An ouneo of.sccd will produce as many plants as would run nearly ono mile of fence, nnd whut w of more importance in this country is its power to resist drought. Tha wood is to all nppoarnnco as hard and durablo nt tho whitethorn. To succeed in planting the whitethorn, a ditch or watortable, nnd weight of earth over tho root, are requisites. Tho box thorn only wants the lino of fence prepared, tho plants dibbled in 9 inches apart, kept clean, ami treated overy way as the white thorn. Being evergreen, makes it a shelter of tho best da« scription for cattlo and sheep at a timo of tha vcar when tho whitethorn is a leafless branch. Hoping I have not trespassed on your snaca. I am, Sir, respectfully, COMME IL PAUT. Easy Cottages, Collingwood. 