WRONG BURIAL. A remarkable case of wrong burial was recently reported in Wuterford. Fur some weeks |'fist a Mrs. Keane, wile of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexander-street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on January 2Glli a messenger from the Union brought him intelligence of her death. lie immediately repaired to'tlie \vorlthou6e, and hiving satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, he proceeded lo the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, he received £ i 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the relatives of the deceased with the neighbors assembled, and the genera) impression of all who saw the corpse was thai deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the grave yard, and were solemnly interred, Keane's grie! being so great that he could not be comJoried. ihe grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, -and at night returned to his deso late home. While Bitting taking his lonely supper that evening the lalch o(° the door was lilted and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and, delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstacy began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand po«r Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately pro ceeded to the Union, and (here ascer tained that a Mrs. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keane residing in Peter street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St. Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created (be greatest amusement in the city. 