NOTES,'• NEWS, AND NOTIONS. FjlOM OUR AMERICAN FILES, (Jewish Messenger.) The want of free Synagogues has again been severely- ielt during; re the present holydays, and the necessity for their erection becoraesr; more and niore apparent. We may talk about all Israel being^v.. brethren, but the saying, is a pious fiction so long as the poor Jew is turned, away from a Synagogue and prevented from, joinifig;^ in prayer with his wealthier co-religionists, because the Synagogue is crowded and- he has no tickets of • admission. Our Synagogues, have developed into such financial ^corporations, wherein the inci dents of scrip, mortgage, and bonds have become as mighty agents as prayer, praise, and penitence, that ope ean hardly censure their, officials for deriving all the revenue possible: from the rental or . sale, of seats and pews. Of course, in the, monetary contest, the' poor Jew has not a ghost of a chance, and so cannot hold intercourse with his richer brethren, and be impressed by the shining example* of their culture, refinement, and fellowship. ; There should exist nq Jewish’aristocracy, except the aristocracy of^soul; still, our costly Synagogues are creating class distinctions among us which can only work injury in the future. The talk about free Synagogues is ' well enough in its way, and'we hope to see the time when no one. will be refused admission into God’s house at any time or on any occasion ; but, meanwhile, the Synagogue must be supported. Tqb. many people try to make religion a cheap commodity, expect all me; privileges that a Synagogue? can afford—the services of the minister and sexton at births, marriages, and deaths—and then, if -they, are asked to'contribute yearly to the treasury, they talk loudly ahput the impropriety of making people pay for religion, and haye .tlieir little joke about money buying a'seat in heaven. The Fifth Avenue Temple was crowded on Saturday,, i itn Oct.r the occasion being the debut in the pulpit of Dr. Felix Adler. jThe gentleman is a son of Rev. Dr. S. Adler, the venerable Rabm of the Temple. He arrived in this city; with his father in 1-857, a boy of eight years, was educated at the Columbia College, and went to Germany to pursue a course of theological studies three years, ago . __he applied himself closely to the lectures and other instructions" of the professors at Berlin and Heidelberg, and received the full degrees. There was, of course, much anxiety to hear him in his father’s pulpit—as an American rabbi is somewhat of a novelty. Ten o’clock was the hour for beginning the service, but it was near eleven before all the pews were occupied. Rev. Mr. Rubin read the Hebrew portions pf the service, Dn Adler delivered two German prayers, and Dr. Gottheil read Psalm 145, Olenu and Hallel in English. The fact that it was the Succoth festival Wgs illustrated by a lulav springing from a bouquet on one side of ^the v reader’s platform, and a plate of fruit stationed on the other. The officiating clergymenr wore-neither- caps- nor cloaks, but they retained the ministerial white cravat. The young speaker was t : listened to with close attention, and after service a large number of, lits' friends congratulated him upon; '‘the success of. his' riiaiden discourse. He was in . excellent voice,-, being dis=^ , ; tinctly, heard in every part of . the building. He spoke without hbtes, and. betrayed no nerybusriiess, .but i a seeming1 earnestness . ' that won him admiration, despite'the generalities of his discourse. We can hardly style 1lriS :effdrt<a’'sermoi). If it were a sermon, it flung aside time-honoured: rules. , It, may mote properly be styled an iaddress on the prospects of reformed Judajstti.A,- 9 Much satisfacdpn has; beep , expressed at the general iberiigriity v ‘ ' of the weather during, the past season of holidays.: In. corisequence, our Temples and Synagogues were : thoroughly filled, fdr the iripst; r part with people in their best spirits and apparel. . The- decorum ‘ was excellent; the styles of fall bonnets could not be surpassed. The air of devotion arid the odour of cologne* 'were overpowering,* ’ the fervent outpouring 6f 'player and the hearty exchange of Copi pliments were impressive in - the extreme. Our fair-weather^ Jews and Jewesses mustered in full forcq; the sparkle of Jewish zeal in every eye was equalled only by the glitter of diamonds and jewels with which some bedecked' themselves, even “ on the Day of Atonement. ' -A . AAA ; - , ' It must be a severe sacrifice for people to refrain a. few hours from flippant. taik. It does not require much argument to con vince most of us that in a Synagogue idle conversation is out of place, and silence most befitting. So long as Synagogue worship is regarded as a full-dress affair, in which the' shape and style of a bonnet excite so much scrutiny an d solicitude, grosser natures will defile the house of God by their silly twaddle. Some fellow, in jtheStandard Club, on or about 28th September, posted a notice on the official board -of that organisation to this effect: “Wednesday being Yom KipJ>ur, dinner will be served at half-past one o'clock.” A:' ": . • * Our Synagogue schools have now generally re-opened. Some : ! .have been reorganized, others enlarged; in all, the' new session • begins with commendable energy and promptness. These, schools pare truly one of the most promising features of American Judaism, •Aandit is a disgrace that any should be allowed to languish through ;dhe lethargy of a,congregation. Our children, bom and bred on s, American soil, cannot thrive on German lectures, however *elo ■ ;quent, or on unintelligible English discourses,, however philoso phical and profound. .. : .The Jewish year which has just closed, was noticeable for the A alarming nutiiber of deaths of Jews of eminence. * In Europe V among the rabbis that: died were the noted Talmudist Auerbach, • ;; of; Halberstadt, and 'Guggenheim,^Spiro, Hollander, Meyer, and •: Asher. Among the distinguished scholars occur the names of •/'•Max Emanuel Stern, of Vienna; Julius Furst, the lexicographer; Josepli Lehman, the Berlin litterateur; .Emanuel Deutsch, and, Gideon1 Brecher. Among public men ”we lament the loss of Sir •David Salomons, Prof. Waley, and • Abraham Camando' In our own country no very prominent; Jew has, died. Is it because we have rio Jews of prominence ?- * A „ It was announced: ori Saturday, nth Oct.,'at the Temple I£manuel that Friday' evening service will hereafter begin at eight o'clock, instead of at six, as heretofore. This Is similar' to the ‘ Cincinnati idea thai/Dr. Wise introduced a few years ago, which, however, we believe he has abandoned of late months. 11 is claimed, that merchants and bankers were unable to leave their offices , in time to attend Sabbath service, and the Maariv was read weekly to but a score Of ^worshippers. The new arrangement will be convenient as to timej^ and will,'besides, enable persons who do not attend the Saturday service to hear the{ Scriptures explained, thus practically spiking the 'batteries off the advocates of Sundry service : because'a sermon 'is to be delivered every Friday evening, explanatory of theportibn of the Bibl<e for that week. .The handsome new Synagogue of 'thb congregation “ Ahaveth Achem,” in Johnson Avenue,' near Ewen-street, .Williamsburgh, was dedicated with the usual services on Friday, 12th September. / Prior to. the dedication the Williamsburghers were treated to a procession of little girls and boys, with flags, followed by some rabbis .and a number of nten' bearing sephorim, and in questionable taste parading through the streets.’ ’To show how finely the members of the new Synagogue appreciated the sanctity of the Sabbath, a ball was held on Friday evening under the auspices of the Independent SociaLClub, connected with the con-^ \- gregation. Commerit is. needless: we are becoming frightfully enlightened when jeWs ] think Sabbath sanctity synonymous with midnight balls. - • ' _ '^Cincimiati Israelite.) The radical Rabbi Wise, of Cincinnati, publishes an account of • his journey to New York, whither he went to consecrate the new Temple of the Anshi: Chesed Congregation. He writes “ Step • piing into a car destined for Philadelphia, we found a gentleman of imposing exterior, and an intelligent countenance, having his head covered with a small black velvet cap. This reminded Us of days of yore, when our progenitors, carried bi*ead and cheese in their pocket^ to avoid the calamity of eating Gqntiip food,. 7What. does that gentleman mean with his (velvet cap ? we began to ask ourselves. We live in America and not in Asia > we wear no turbans, and are not obliged to propagate Asiatic customs any where: If he means to show by his cap that he is a Jew, he. makes a mistake, for his face'does it much better than his cap., If he - means it to show that he is an orthodox Jew, then he is, decidedly mistaken,'because ^he cap :has no connection whatever with \- orthodoxy, not even in the Synagogue. The ancient Hebrews >v went bare-headed into the temple at Jerusalem (see Mishna Kelim i. g.y. yVe came to the conclusion the gentleman wears his black velvet cap because it pleases him so, and did not fail enuring upon a conversation with him, which became <|uite interesting to us. 