ATJSTEIA. CATHOLIC CHURCHES IN VIENNA. The Vienna exhibition has brought forth voluminous particulars about that city, writ? ten by the army of newspaper correspondents sent there. In the following extract, taken from the correspondence of the Sacramento Record, some interesting particulars are given of the Catholic Churches there : — The churches are large, but not very numerous ; nor do they need to be, for one church accommodates great numbers of people. You could put six or eight Protes tant ' meeting houses' in a large continental Church like the Cathedral of St. Stephen at Vienna. It has about twenty altars, before each of which is room for a small congrega tion ; so a dozen or more Masses may be said at the same time. On Sunday services begin at six o'clock in the morning. Those go then who have no other time. They con tinue, one commencing every few minutes, during the entire forenoon. At eleven o'clock there is a sermon preached from a pulpit almost in the centre of the cathedral. It is eloquent, fervent, and rather long. The one I heard stopped only when a bell was rung for the Mass at 12 o'clock ; and at this Mass was gathered the largest congregation of the day. Therefore, this one church, with its number and succession of services, could easily accommadate twenty or thirtv thousand worshippers. At the twelve o'clock Mass at St. Stephen's the congregation was very large, filling the choir almost up to the steps of the high altar and extending far out into the nave. From the beginning of the low Mass the congregation accompanied it with prayers and litanies, or sang hymns accompanied by the choir organ, the great organ in the far organ loft not being used except at High Mass. At the Sanctus the whole congregation, dividing down the centre into two choirs, one repeating the words in German—' Heilig, heilig, neilig, bist du, O Herr, du Gott der Heerschaarcn !' —'Holy, holy, holy art Thou, O Lord, God of Hosts' — the other half responding with ' Die Ehre sei Gott dem, Vater, und dem ? — — up Sohn, und dem Heeligen Geiste'— -'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the' Holy Ghost.' These were repeated with great fervour, and a most impressive effect for a few minutes. Then the organ pealed and the whole congregation joined in singing The Mass was of course said in Latin, as it is in all parts of the world, but the congrega tional service was entirely in the German mother tongue, and I have never seen people join in a religious service with more apparent earnestness. At Vienna they have what the English call congregational singing and hearty services. Entering a church on Prater- street, one of the most fashionable and noisiest streets in Vienna, on Saturday afternoon I found a considerable congregation assembled for the .benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. Near the centre of the nave an elderly man was leading the devotions of the congregation. Three priests were silently kneeling before the altar, on which was burning perhaps twenty or thirty candles. In a loud voice he read or recited a series of prayers, each sen tence being repeated after him by the people. Litanies, prayers and hymns were all in Ger man. The singing was done entirely by the congregation. All seem to have tolerably good voices, all join fervently in the service, which is one of a very impressive and beauti ful character. POLAND NOT TET DEAD. The Poles in Prussian Poland are making vigorous efforts to resist the Germanizing policy of the Government. A society was formed at Posen last year for spreading the knowledge of Polish history and the Polish, language among the people, and it has now appointed local agents in every parish, who make periodical reports to the society show ing the number of Polish books in the parish libraries, the Polish newspapers taken in by the inhabitants, the sums subscribed locally for national purposes, and the number g£ Polish booksellers in the parish. In parishes where the number of books and newspapers is not considered sufficient for the require ments of the inhabitants, the deficiency is to be supplied by the society. The society has also organized a plan for circulating among the peasantry scientific and historical books in the Polish language, written in a popular style, which are sold in the villages by hawkers at cost price. — Pall Mall Gazette. ELECTORAL REFORM IN HUNGARY. The Gazette publishes the first portion of an electoral Bill based upon Radical princi ples. It proposes that the number of seats in the Lower House, which has hitherto been upwards of 400, shall be reduced to 296, and that every citizen who has attained his 21st year, pays any kind of tax to the State, and can read and write, shall be entitled to a vote. Persons more than twenty-three years old at the date of the promulgation of the law would not have to prove themselves capable of writing. On the other hand, the direct mode of election would be limited to the towns ; in the pro vinces the direct right of voting would be absolutely withdrawn from the country people. All State, municipal, and communal officials would be declared ineligible, with the exception of Ministers and Secretaries of State. Those excluded from election would also comprise all the judges, persons having accounts with the Public Treasury, and all such as are interested in undertakings which have given rise to contracts with the Govern ment. The duration of the Chamber would be four years, instead of three. 