His Excellency at Moonta. The expected arrival of His Excellency the Governor at Moonta yesterday (Thursday) was productive of a considerable degree of excitement in the community. Some of the tradesmen closed their shops at noon, but an impression having obtained with many persons that the present was not an official visit, prevented the unanimous adoption of any organised demonstration. The same remark applies to the processional arrangements of the Friendly Societies, which were sadly marred. The mine employees had a half holiday in honor of the occasion; and the township generally wore a somewhat gay appearance. Long before the hour appointed for the arrival of the Governor, a crowd of people awaited his coining; but it having been announced that he would not reach Moonta before halt-past one o'clock, the preparations forj his reception were incomplete when he actually arrived about half an hour earlier. His Excellency, accompanied by the Manager of Wallaroo >iines aud party, attended by his suite, and an escort of police under Sergeant Bentley, drove to the platform prepared by the Corporation for his public reception. He found it empty ! The members of the Corporation, not anticipating so early an arrival, were not in attendance So that not even a single checr greeted him. The Governor apprehended the " situation" at a glance, and appeared rather amused at it. The matter was explained, and the viceregal party retired for a few minutes. By the time His Excellency returned, a large concourse had assembled, including members of various Lodges, dressed in regalia, and having their distinctive banners, &c.; Cn the platform were His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Drew), and Councillors Furner, Rossiter, Bennett, Assheton, Beaglehole, Buzza, Hague, and Harris ; Mr. II. R. Hancock, Superintendent of Moonta Mines ; Air. Corpe, and other gentlemen. In a very short time His Fxcellency and suite arri\«d. llis Worship the Mayor stepped forward and congratulated His Excellency on his visiting Yorkc's Peninsula, so soon after his arrival in the colony. From his official position as Mayor, it fell to his lot to present to His Excellency an address on behalf of the Corporation, which but feebly expressed their sentiments of loyalty and their gratification at the presence of His Excellency among them. He would, with permission, request the Town Clerk to lead the address. The Town Clerk (Mr. G. T. Crutchett) then read the following address: To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq, C.M.*., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia and its dependencies. The respectful and congratulatory address of the inhabitants of Moonta and its surrounding neighbourhood, through the Mayor and the Corporation of Moonta: May it please your Excellency On this, the first occasion of your visit to the important mineral district of Yorke's Peninsula, we tender our hearty welcome and congratulations to you, who have been selected by Her Most Gracious Majesty Our Queen as her Representative in this distant portion of her dominions, and feel assured that wisdom has guided her choice, and that under your administration the vital interests of the Province will be promoted, and its prosperity advanced. We beg to assure you of the continued loyalty and strong attachment of the residents of this part of the colony to Her Majesty's throne and person; and their prayer is, that she may be long spared to her people to discharge the high functions devolving upon her. ' We trust that your Excellency with Mrs. Musgrave and your family, may enjoy the blessings of health and happiness in your new home. On behalf of the inhabitants of Moonta, we remain, Your Excellency's most obedient servants, CHAULKS DKKW, Moonta. GEO. C. Crutchett, Town Clerk. Ills EXCELLKKCY read the following reply.-—Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen—This cordial welcome from the inhabitants of Moonta is very gratifying to me, and I thank you for the compliment which your Address contains. I hope indeed that the choice which has conferred upon me the iionor of being the representative of our Most Gracious Sovereign in this noble province, will not prove unwise. It may not be within the scope of my power, or my legitimate functions personally, to accomplish much, but what good will, earnest desire, and the nature of my office may enable me to effect, shall not remain undone towards promoting the best interests and prosperity of the colony. I readily receive your assurance of your loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's throne, which is scarcely needed, so well is it known, but which I shall have pleasure in laying at her feet. I pray vou to accept my thanks for your good wishes towards my family and myself. Mr. George JeUery, Secretary to the Lodge of the I.O.O.F., next read the following address :— To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C. M G., Governor and Commander-in-Cliief, of the Colony of .South Australia and its Dependencies. We, the united Friendly Societies of Jloonta, beg most cordially to welcome your Excellency to Moonta, and the important mining district connected 'herewith. We take this opportunity of assuring your Excellency of oui devoted loyalty and attachment to the person and throne of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. It is our earnest desire that the principles of philanthrophy and svll-dependenc.' inculcated by these Societies may be found to aid in promoting the well being and good government of this colony,with its laige population, the major portion of which is, more or less, directly connected with tne respective orders. We noticewith satisfaction the interest your Excellency has taken in this important district; and we trust you will by this visit become throughly acquainted with its wants and necessities. We assure your Excellcncy you will carry away with you the hearty good will and best wishes of your most obedient and humble servants. Signed on behalf of the various Friendly Societies, E. H. DERRINGTOK, D.D., I.O.G.T. GEO. JEFFEKT, Foresters. C. M. BERTRAM, A.I.O.O.F. F. D. ROBINSON, A.I.O.O.F., M.U. W. H. BENTLET, C.R.,I.O.R. Ilis Excellency's reply was as follows :— I am much gratified by this compliment from you on my visit to Moonti, and this testimony of your loyalty. I have no doubt of the value of the principles on which your societies are united. The advantages of mutual assistance and co-operation are daily becoming better known and more highly appreciated. I cannot fail to take a deep interest in so important and populous a district, and I shall do my best to becomc acquainted with its wants and necessities, in order to aid so far as I can in supplying them. Pray accept my thanks for your good wishes. At the close the Mayor called for three cheers for the Queen, and this being most heartily responded to, a similar token of respect was paid severally to His Excellency and Mrs. Musgrave and family. The next centre of attraction was the new English Church now in course of erection, to lay the foundation or memorial stone of which, the Governor had been especially invited by the Episcopalians of Moonta. His Excellency and party proceeded to the -jjii: followed by a largo; crowd of pccnle. The place jnesented a pleasing appearance, the platform near the stciie being decorated with Hags aud evergreens. His Excellency ascended the platform accompanied by a numerous party of ladies and gentlemen inaluding, the Revs. G. C. Taplin, Hawkins, of Auburn, and Hocter of Kadina. Around the platform were gathered a dense crowd of gazers. The Church choir were on the ground, led on the harmonium by Mr. Evans. The office appointed by the church to be used on the occasion of laying a foundation stone was chanted by the Rev. Mr. Taplin, the responses being taken up by the choir. This portion of the ceremony ^occupied a considerable time, and before it terminated a heavy shower of rain began to fall, which caused the greater number of the spectators to leave the ground. The church service being concluded, Mr. A. France, jun., read a document, which, with a copy of the York's Peuiiisu'a AdrcrtU:,- and :< cif-y of (he 1 Valiuroo Times, together with several smaZl coins, were placed in a cavity of the stone. We subjoin a copy of the document; " The foundation stone of this All Saints New Church was laid by His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governorin-cliief of the province of South Australia, on the lltli day of September, in the year of our Lord 1873, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in the 26th year of the consecration of the light Reverend Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The Reverend Charles Goodenough Taplin, Incumbent. Trustees: George F. Wyatt, Lloyd Herbert, Thomas Evans. Wardens : William Goss, Alfred France. Architect: Thomas Jones, C.E. Builders : Maddern & Priestly. Carpenters : Hague & Lake." His Excellency then proceeded to lay the stone, which consisted of a large block of granite. Mr. T. Jones, C.E., the architect of the building, handed His Excellcncy a handsome silver trowel, with handle inlaid with uialaclute. manufactured by Mr. Steiner, and on which was engraved the following :—" Presented to His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., on the occasion ot his laying the foundation stone of All Saints' Church, Moonta, September 11, 187:}." His Excellency then snread the mortar, and the stone was lowered into its place, and having given it a tap or two with the mallet provided for the occasion he pronounced the stonelaid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The mallet, it may be mentioned, was composed of gum and black wood, and had been manufactured by Mr. Career. His Excellency made a few remarks which it was impossible to report fullv in consequence of the rain and the press of people on the platform. His Excellency expressed his acknowledgment to the Church Committee for inviting him to perform the ceremony of laying the memorial stoni. On behalf of Airs. Musgrave. He regretted that she had not been able to be present, maternal duties having prevented her. He was fully recompensed for his visit to the Peninsula by his services to his fellow men in assisting to build a church for the worship o, the living God, and he was glad of the sympa. thy extended to the work by the residents of the surrounding neighbourhood. (Hear) There Tras scope, and verge enough for all denomina. tionsfjthe differences of which were only secodnary importance, com pared with the work in which they were engaged. (Applan se.) The Rev. Mr. Taplin had great pleasure in thanking His Excellency for his kind complianca with the invitation to be present on that oocasion. According to the last census returns, there were 50,000 persons belonging to the Church of England in the colony, *'out of a population of 180,0o0, and he should think it very strange if among the 12,000 people of Moonta there were not enough to fill the church which they were then building. He referred to the liability which he had taken on himself in connction with the structure and expressed a confidence of the debt being liquidated by the congregation. The Rev. gentleman gave an interesting address which it was impossible for us to take down in consepuence of the pressure of the people on the platform. The Rev. M. Hocter also spoke and adverted to the progress made by the English Church in the colony. Twenty-five years ago there were but five I nglish Churches in diocese; now there were twentty five, and at the end of the next seventy five years he hoped the Churches would have increased to a hundred and seventy five. (Hear). The Rev. Mr. Taplin then invited contribution towards the cost of the building and cash to a considerable amount was laid upon the memorial stone. His Excellency and suite returned to the Iloyal. and the crowd disperse.!. In th'i course of the afternoon the Governor visited Moonta Mines, and under tine guidance of the Manager, Capt. Hancock, inspected the various departments of operation on the surface. He was highly pleased with what he sw, and expressed especial gratification at witnessing Captain Hancock's pateni jigging machinery at work. His Excellency returned to the township, and in the evening he, with his suite, proceeded with Mr. Hig^s to the Wallaroo Mines. On His Excellency's departure from the Uoyal Hotel he was enthusiastically cheered. The soiree held in the Institute Hall in connection with the hying of the foundation stone of All Saints' Church was very largely attended, and at the musical entertainment in the evening the Hall was densely crowded to the and attractive, and the performers, among whom were the Draeger Family and several well-known local amateurs were most cordially applauded. Want of space prevents us from giving a lengthened notice of the entertainment. Tlie whole affair was a great success. The total proceeds, including the contributions laid on the memorial stone amounted to nearly £100. EICHT HOCKS SYSTEM.—The successful issue of the eight hours movement in Gawler has been celebrated by a holiday aud public demonstration, and an evening collation at which sat down about two hundred guests, including numerous employers. At Mount Gauibier the eight hours system has been inaugurated by a banquet given by the operatives to their employers. GI.KNKU; Liuirrnousi;.—The Glenelg Lighthouse, a wooden .erection, took fire on Sunday evening. Attempts made to quench the blaze were unavailing, and the structure having been cut away at the base by men with axes, toppled over into the sea. The fire is supposed to have been caused by the explosion of the kerosine lamp. NORTHERN TERRITORY.—A telegram in the Register, dated from Yam Creek, Gth instant, states that labor, stores, and machinery were arriving at the Pine Creek Reefs daily for various Companies; the Kapunda working party were down 30 feet on No. 3 claim, the stone in the casing of the reef carrying gold to the bottom ; the Royal Standard prospects were good; a large rich reef was being opened ou Christinas Claims; a miner named White, in the Telegraph Company's employ had dicd of fever. THE EDUCATION QUESTION.—At the meeting in Adelaide last week of the South Austialian Baptist Association the following resolutions were carried :—" 1. The education <>f the children shall be compulsory ; 2\. The cuucation of the children shall be free ; All religious instruction shall be excluded ; 4. It shall be optional with each teacher to read the Scriptures ilurin^ any hours, other than those appointed for ordinary instruction, to the children whose parents wish them to be present uuruig such scriptural readings. 1 ' 