INTERESTING EXPERIMENTS ON FOUL ArR.--Captain Denorouze is proving to the savaus of Paris that if miners henceforth perish from choke-damp it will not be through the fault of science, fIis demonstrations to this effect are made in the Catacombs, under the Rue d'Enfer. The theatre of his experi ments is a space formed by the intersection of two low galleries propped up with squat free. atone pillars, and lined with skulls and tibias. These details are rendered visibleby thi light of flaring torches, such as one sees in the Bercy wine vaults. In the contre of the opening stands a large glass box, or rather chamber, which might have been borrowed from the managers of the Brighton Aquarium. Irs inmates are not fishes, but a lordly dunghill cock, very proud of his scarlot coat decora tions, and a rabbit which might be taken for an emblem of unintelligent vaccillation and timidity. At the extremity of the glass chamber, farthest from the seats provided by Captain Denarouze for those who wish to look on at his experiments, lies a t'n cylinder, closed at both ends. An indiarubber tube is inserted into the cylinder, of which more pro. esntly. When the performance is about to commence a few more torches are lighted. A man dressed like a miner then comes forward, enters the glass chamber, which is closed on him hermetically, and then proceeds to work with a pickaxe, to the. evident annoyance of the.cock and the bewilderment of the rabbit. iHe has on his back a tin-box shaped like a knapsack, and fastened to his breast a little lantern, with very powerful reflectors. As he stoops, we observe that his nostrils are shut by means of a spring resembling the central part of a pair of spectacles. We also see that he holds in his mouth a bone tube, from which proceeds another of gutta peroba, ending in the knapsack. The man is in no wise emba?. rassed with this apparatus. He tears up the ground and moves about heavy blocks of free. atone, crawls on his hands and knees, and acts as if he were in a mine instead of in a glass chamber in the Catacombs. While he is so engaged, the captain explains that the knap. sack is a sort of gasometer, containing a supply of vital air, and that the big cylinder contains a reserve fund. He then turns a cook, which he says is to fill the glass chamber with caro bonic-acid gas. Before many minutes elapse, the vain-glorious bird shows signs of physical discomfort, turns blue at the wattles, loses his lordly air,. flaps his wings languidly, droops, goes off in a faint, and gives up the ghost. The rabbit's struggles for life are more con vulsive, and his kicks go on for a longer time. While death thus invades the chamber, the miner works away, not minding the poisonous gas. His lamp, which also communicates with the knapsaok, continues to burn bright, though four torches in the glass room have gone out for want of oxygen. The manent the light in it grows dim, the mean uider stands that he must draw upon the reserve fund of vital air, from which he replenishes his portable gasometer. Hydrogen and oxy gen gas are next turned in upon him. But he is not hurt by the inflammable atmosphere, for the flame of his lamp cannot come in con tact with it. The whole contrivance is so simple, that one wonders it was not long ago invented. Captain Denarouze's miners' knap. sack was first suggested to him by the diving bell, which, he flatters himself, his apparatus will euporsede.-Daily News. ExnAonRDINAnY CaARGE AGAINsT A YOUNO WoMrAN.-At the Marylebone police court, Amelia East, thirty, a respectably dressed woman, a servant, of 10, Andover place, Kilburn, was charged with unlawfully ringing the bell at Weston-lodge, Grove End road, St. John's Wood, without lawful exease. Mr. Dorset Eooles, jun,, assistant in the British museum, stated that the defendant was servant at a house where he lodged in 1871, but was discharged through her strange conduct. About three weeks after he was surprised at receiving a letter, whioh com menced with "My dearest Doreet," &o.;, and was to the effect that she thought he did not seem.to trouble about her; but no one would tear her from his bosom. She wished to see him personally, as it would be best for both parties'. He took no notice of that; but as he had several others from her couched in affectionate .terms, he sent his sister to speak to the defendant. She then stated that he was always following her, and she was very uncomfortable through it. She said she had not seen him, but his spirit was always before her eyes. She had annoyed him at his lodgings.by knooking at the door and ringing the bell, and he had seen her mother, who stated that the defendant had been confined for some time in'a lunatic asylum through a love affair. On Monday evening she annoyed him by ringiitg.tlie bell, and again on Friday night at eight o'clock, when she was given into eiutody. In: answer to the clerk of the court, the defendonnt said she had been courted in an artificial sort of way; Mr'. Mansfield ordered the defendant to ' ie taken to the Marylebone workhouse. SWALLowING A FORK.-Oipriani, the Florentine, who some months ago swallowed a fork hnd attracted the attention of all Eu rope to his interior, is still atffering from the oonsesqunces of his imprudent not, and though possibly flattered at being the. object of. so much observation, fnels that lojot no vaut pas lafotroleotto, and would gladly get rid of the unoomnfortabli strnnger from his inside. 'Thi medical profesilon evincee the depesdt interest in his oase, and ri'thi Ithliinn dootors and seur geons are a littlen hurt at Signor Cipriani leaving them to take upl ais abode in Paris., The Tusoan newspapere bin't that if it he not Dr. Nlton in,~ i at sriy'rietb, one of the first medicalmanen in Paris who hba ontioed him thither with the promise 'of ouring.him or handsomely remunerating himn. We, who ara ooustomined to piay doctors, may fool a lilttle surprised at their paying their patient; but it is scarcely worth'while to swallow a fork to ascertain if they would then pay us,-Pall Mall Gazette. (ChIALoK 'vol PU'l,.-Among the later theories for eoonomising in fuel without the sacrifioe of ''comfort, is the substitutinn of chalk for obll: 'not wholly, however, but for the greater part A' 'gentleman whlo his madea 'thlioioIugl test of the ,mutter dleolara himself';s'atisfied beyond dohbt of thle sipe riority in' hoit.giving Iprporties of chalk over ooal. 'The idue is an old one; but we livn never hoeard of any priotical attemlpt bIing made to turn it to sccosunt until lately. Witli those who'o have 'over noticed the great spooifio' hon of chalk, or tho lhrgo amnont of carbonio acid contained.in it, and the con ovrtibility of. that noaid into earbonio oxide by means of boat-or with thosoewho have merely notiood either the vast amount of heat which, generated by a comparatively small amount of fuel, is radiated from a limekiln or, again, the effect in smolting ore of a few hundred pounds weight of limestone or chalk, it has long been a matter of strong persuasion that the time must come when chalk, and peorhaps limestone, shall be made subservient to the increase of heat and the diminution in the consumption of coal. It is asserted that by using ohalk and coal in about equal pro. portions, the chalk being pilaced at the back of the grate and the coal in front, a saving of at least seventy-five per cent. was effected in cost, with a more intense beat and cheerful blaze than would have been obtainable from coal alone. The London and South-lWestern Railway Company having tried the expori ment, and finding it answer, have made arrangements for a regular supply to the various stations throughout the line, for use in the several offices and waiting.rooms, and have issued an order for a truckload of chblk to be received at all the stations. Experi. moents for using chalk in furnaces have been made; but it does not answer so well as in an open fire-grate. I Tl'ovUoer cr MY DrTY.-Peoplo are very often heard to say, " I thought it my duty to do such a thing." It too frequently happens that what they thought it their duty to do was some mischief, which lay ten miles out of their way. At a fair computation, fully one-half of the bad things done, out of the ranks of the avowedly vicious, are dlone under the impulse of a sense of duty. A very common use of the phrase, "I thought it my duty," refers to some unpleasing communion tion. One man thinks it his duty to inform his friend that some person or persons have been speaking evilly of him, or undervaluing some pursuit in which he is engaged. Another thinks it his duty to warn some person against some person. Another thinks it his duty to administer a point-blank reproof to some person with whose conduct he has been dis pleased. It too often happens that, instand of being prompted by a pure sense of duty, such communications are the result of some inferior feelings which have only taken the guise of conscientiousnesse; at least, it is rarely that such communications are made in a prudent and kindly manner. Hence it is not surprising that, so far from producing the desired benefit, they only aggrieve the feel. ings of the individual who is the object of them, and introduce discord and ranocour where formerly all was going on in the common course of things. The number of officious interferences, prompted in the same way, and ending in the same results, is beyond all caloulation. It is quite possible for one person to drive a whole circle of friends to distraction-under a sense of duty. Since men so often go wrong when acting under what they suppose to be a sense of duty, it will naturally be asked, " How are they to avoid such errors, and how are they to make sure that any notion of duty that may arise in their minds is a right one?" It would require an elaborate treatise to give a satis factory answer embodying the workings of the genuine conscienceo and the mock one; but in the meantime something less may suffice. There is an excellent old rule which says, "do unto others as you would have others do unto you." If men and women acted tnder a sense of all the bearings of this precept, more than nine-tenths of the mischief caused by the shallow plea, " I thoaght it my duty," would be averted. THE WrmI or TiE PERIOD.-A warning to barbers, a lesson to wives, and good news to husbands is contained in a cheering little tale which comes to us by the last mail, connecoted with one of the law -courts in England. John Baker (the writer says) was a London hair- dresser; Mr. Demetrius Zezenia is a London merchant and Mrs. Zezonia the wife of the latter, a lady who ran up a great bill at the establishment of the said John Baker. The items of this ao count are various, and to the male mind (un married male mind) some of them are mysterious. There is a bottle of "restora tive balm'" charged at 3s. Od., which cor tainly is not so easily comprehended as "one pair of garters," 3s. Gd. There is a "plait' valued .at six guineas; there is rouge worth, or said to be worth 7s. 6d ; there are curls, 42s.; buffoons or combs, 20s. ; there are ten distinct charges for " washes ;" there are brushes, pompadours, nets, salts (epsom, I wonder I), powders, and florilino. Also, pine Od. I confess that the sweet simplicity of the "garters, 3s. 6d," is the only nom prehonsible article in this extraordinary list. When this bill, amounting to £30 15s. 6d., was eent to Mr. Demetrius Zozonia, he re fused to pay it, especially as he had just boon speculating in cotton and had lost a good bit of money. So the matter wont into the county court before Sergeant Wheolor. The perfumer told his story. He thought that Mrs. Zezonia was in affluent circumstances because " she came into his shop in silks," Innocent shaver I As the lawyer on the other side remarked, t perhaps they were not paid for," which was no doubt extremely probable. "I should be ox tremoly dissatisfied," said the judgo, " if such a bill wore broughlt to me." Did some ap. prohension of the indisoretion of Mrs. Judge biae the judicial boaoea He pronounced the aooount to be a most extortionate one. Twenty.one shillings forhair:wasehl Forty two shillings for ourls I Seven shillings antid sixpenoe for rouge I Six guineae for plalts I Good gracious I Why, thie maid of Athons herself would have been dear at the price. According to anniinornment in the London papers of 24th of February last "n grand experinent " was to hIave been tried in the way of ohristianising the lower masses of London; but the weather prevented the carrying out of the scheteo. In the slums of Olerkenwoll there labour's a worthy man named Outltin, who endoeaioured for several years to implrovn tito oondition of tlhe tlsievitg fraternity of that neighboarhoodll. lindlog there was some tliflhiilty in parsunading thnim. to assemble in the mission hall, he determinedl upn a ,novel exnperiment in COlrltoenwll Grm. Ils idtea ws to i?,ue a ruosber of elboriately dlecorated play.bille, annotunoinlg that a grand .openetir etolertainmnit wis to take pilce on thie spit whruie dlumngigut ee Iov to spolnrt sedition, oind with u is agitie Internti and sraq bnlnd wvas ibount to nilcusi tnl in stroi aonne tnhoustndnl of uersons; with soenos from the lil' of St, Pattl, whsen tile rain oeinm ilownr: in a rtrrent, anil ttnarly watshed 1Br, Outlin iandt his lantern away. It cloaredl Olhrkhnwell Green an i few moments, and tlhe onsoieonona is that the rlenioens of that neigh Iourhoodt are nas igorantrof St, Piul as over. 'l'Thords woes an old 8ootuttman, eaye a writer, who slweys rode a donkeoyto his work, and tethered him while he worked on the road, or wherever else he ioight be. It was sag gested to him by my grandfather that he was nspooeted of pautting him into the fields to feed at other peOple's expense. " Eli, laird, I could never be tempted to do that, for my ceddy winnn eat anything but nettlen and thistles." One day my grandfather was riding along the road, when he saw Andrew Lisle at work, and his donkey tiup to his knees in one of his clover- fields, feeding luxuri. ously. " Hollo, Andrew," said lihe, " thought your cauddy would eat nothing but nettles and thistles? " " Ay," said he, " but lie misbehaved the day; lie nearly kicked me over his head, sae I put him in there just to punish him." An Irish gentleman was much troubled with a wife who drank tremendously-in fact, she spent every farthing on whisky, and sold everything she could lay her hands on to got more. The poor follow was at his wits' end what to do about her, and so he went to Dr. MIurphy for advioe in the matter. " Oould the doctor give him nothing ? " "Is it poison you want?" said the doctor; ' because if it is, say so like a man." " Of course, it's not poison I want, but only a trifle to cure her of drinking. Can you mix me up something?" " If I could mix up anything to cure that disorder," said the doctor, "I should be a mado man. But I toll you what-take home a gallon of whisky, and let her drink as much as she lilkes, and I will be round before the night is gone." It was in the summer-time, but not moon light, and when the woman was thoroughly drunk, the doctor and the husband carriod her down into the vaults of an old castle close by, and laid her down on some boards till she would come to. After she had a good sloop, she awoke about twelvo o'clock, and began calling out, and asking wheroe sie was. "Well, you are in the vaults underneath Eversburg Abbey, ma'am," the doctor said. " And how long have I boon hero?" she inquired. "A matter of ton or twelve months !" he answered. "And I am dead in course," she said. "As a door-nail!" wound up the doctor. "And you dead too ?" " Yes, ma'am." " And how long have you been hero ?" " Somewhere about five years," he said. "TThen we are all dead ?" "Yee." She sat down on the floor, and thought the matter over a bit. The doctor could not imagine what she would say next, and was trying to faney, when she began : "You must know the ways of this country a good deal better than me. Whore can you got a drop of good whisky, reasonable ?" That floored the doctor, and turning to the gentleman, he said, "Squire, you had better take your wife home. If she thinks there are whisky-shops in Hades, it is of no use trying to frighten her with death; take her home and lot her live." He lot her live, but she ruined him, and died a beggar in Galway. "I should like," said a French medical charlatan, "to place. over the door of my surgery an inscription, either in Latin or Greek, borrowed from one of the great authors. "" Give Italian the preference," remarked one of his patients; " nothing can equal that veorse of Dante's, ' Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.'" "Any letters ?" asked Smith of his land lady on getting home to dinner. " Only two post- cards, sir," was the disdainful reply; "but they contain nothing panrtioular." 