CHAPTER XXVI. PB00F8. Htply he deems that no eve can see As be gloats on his treasure greedily. Ingoldsby Mr M'Donald sat down on the side of his bed and stared at the scared Davie m bewilderment He doubted whether he had heard aright " Robbed P he echoed feebly feehnir as thoueh sudden paral) sis had seized his hands. " Ay, robbed '" " Tush, man ' you've made a mistake Such a thing couldn't happen us, our doors and windows are so strong " "Sic a thing has happened, sir I dinna ken whafs gone, or how muckle, but the strong room door's open, and a' the books and papers scattered out ower the floor. The safes are open, and that's no been done for naethmg, I'm thinking." " I'll come down," said the manager, thrusting his arms very shakily into hi3 coat sleeves. "Don't look so frightened, Jeanie. Maybe it isn't much after all." " It wasna for naethmg we slept Bae sound last night," Mrs. M'Donald said, sleepily. " We took something to send us ower, depend upon it. Gang awa doon, Davie, man, I canna pit on my claes wi' )ou standing there " " I ken," said Davie, " I'll gang. I ken the noo why that chiel was so friendly wi' me, and gied me a dram Eh ' I hae drank to some purpose noo It's rum and mair '" " Stop that howling," said Mr M'Donald sharply, for Davie was lifting up his voice into a sort of pro- longed groan like an Irish "keen." "Get down stairs, and don't touch anything till I come. I don't believe half of it," he went on, turning to his wife, who was beginning to cry hysterically with fright " Davip's half drunk, and doesn't know what he's doing." Drunk or sober, Davie had told the truth. When Mr. M Donald entered the strong room of the bank, followed timidly by his wife, he saw in an instant that a robbery, the extent of which he could only guess at, had been perpetrated, and by a practised hand or bands The lock of the strong-room door had not been tampered with, but opened with a key. The locks of the safes and boxes had been picked by a skilful hand, and their contents entirely cleared. Not only had all the gold and notes been taken away, but the silver also, so that on this eventful morning the firm of Cameron and Co. were m the unenviable position of being without a shilling to carry on the day's busmess with, Sfr. M'Donald was a clear-headed man ; he did not rush shrieking into the street and publish the affair to everyone whom it might or might not concern. He shut the door of the strong room upon all the confusion within. "Call a cab," he said to Davie. "Never mind breakfast, wife ; get your own. I must be off to the police " To Mr. Cameron first, as fast as horseflesh coufd carr) him. His face told its own story before he could speak. "Something has happened," the banker said, rising hastily from his breakfast " Tea, sir," replied M'Donald, fighting to bring the words out at all from his dry and parched lips "Robbery?" " Yes, sir ; they have come to us at last." " How much ?" " Can't say, sir I didn't make a close examina- tion ; but I'm afraid-" " Afraid of what sir-speak out, man." " Afraid they've taken all, sir." "AU the money in the bankp Nonsense! they couldn't carry it" " It is gone, sir-silver and all." " Great Heaven--70,000 1 Have you been to the police ?" "I came to you first, Mr. Cameron. You had better come down at once, sir." "In a moment; as soon as I have put on my coat" Mr M'Donald wondered to see him so calm-he himself was trembling all over, but Mr Cameron felt as men do feel when a temblé calamitj, long feared, falls with a crushing blow at last Then comes a time of calm stillness, when the faculties seem to be clearer than ever, and the brain works with more than its wonted precision To send a message to Madeline, and set off with his manager for the Police Office, was the work of a few minutes, and then they drove to the bank, the officers follow- ing in a cab, to ascertain the extent of the mischief Davie had been discreet, and the bnght windows and clean doorstep of the bank told no tale of disaster The entrance of a policeman waa no novelty, and there was nothing to tell of what had happened, but a small notice on a card fixed to the door - " The bank will open at 11 a m, instead of 10 a m, as usual." " It will give us an hour to see what can be done," Mr CameroH said, as he gave it to Davie " The loss may not be as much as we fear The thieves may not have found some of the boxes and nooks where money is stowed." But his heart sank to an unfathomable depth as he spoke, with a sick feeling of dread tbat the robbery portended more than the loss of the money To send the messenger off to other banking houses for help, to dispatch a man to his house for a sum of money he bad 1 ymg there, and to telegraph to the Edinburgh and London firms for assistance, was, to the two business men who stood there in their nfled strong- room, the work of a very few minutes The clearance was found to be complete-not only had the thieves taken away things of value in the place, but they had known what to take and what to leave Not a paper of no use to them had been touched Boxes lull of deeds bad not even been opened, The clever officer who came to inspect the place gave it as his opinion that the thieves were no strangers to the premises " Who lives here ?" he asked " I do," Mr M'Donald replied. "Anjone else?" " My wife, and Davie the porter-no one else at present " " No servant girl *>" " Not for the last month We have had a woman in to do the work " " Honest ?" " As the daylight, the wife of one of your men, sergeant" ' Give me her name, please " It waa taken down, and another question put with military abruptness. "Baa she ever had anything to do m here ?" " Doesn't know where the place is, that I know of Davie sweeps it out when it wanta She has been in the front room to clean-nothing more." " I'll look after her," the sergeant said " Many of I these things are traceable to gossiping women, and what they let out Now, Mr Cameron, turn over your books, please, sir, and let me know what part of the missing property )ou will be able to trace " Mr Cameron co lid do that Ever) note and its number were entered into his books The gold and silver except that the former was all of one coinage and new, were untraceable and before the officers left the place the) held the clue b) which the missing propert) would be traced if tracedatall Thethieves, however, were another affair altogether No one had been seen to enter or leave the bank, so far as the) could tell, and the honesty of the three people who had slept there the preceding night was ummpeach able The detectives left the pi ice to pursue their enquiries, and to post a bill all over Glasgow to the effect that the bank of Cameron and Co, Sauchie hall Street, had been robbed of a large sum, and to offer üoOO reward for the apprehension of the thief or thieves, and Mr Cameron and his trusty aide-de- camp locked up the rifled strong room, admitted their clerks, and turned with what heart they might to the business of the day Help hod come already from various quarters. The extent of the robber) was not known, and the credit of Cameron and Co was not to be lightly shaken The clerks were grave, but polite and business-like, and cashed the cheques that came pouring m with their usual mercantile nonchalance and the presence of several influential brother bankers, and Mr Camerons known stability and probity averted the threatened run upon the bank which was caused b) thereports rapidly spread- ing. A very heav) heart Mr Cameron took home to hi? daughter's sick room He had sent hera hurried line in a note telling her of what bad happened, and he found her m tears, very hysterical and feverish " Cheer up, my darling," he said, though the cor- ners of his mouth twitched nervously " Cameron and Co are not gone to the wall yet, we have only been served like our neighbours YOH won't mind a few dresses and trinkets the less till we pull round. Besides, who knows ' we may recover what we have lost, or part of it, though others have not Don't cry so, my child, you will make a woman of me, and. God knows, I need all my firmness " "It isnt that, papa-it isn't that Where is Noel?" " At Aberdeen, I suppose, my dear I hope he is b) this time " " He isn't, papa-he is here m Glasgow Oh, take me away ' hide me somewhere before any one asks me for my husband They will, you know, when they come to find out " " Find out what, m) dear ?" " That he is here " But bow do you know, child 9 I saw him go away by the train " " Then he came back " Mr Cameron's heart sank very low, and he turned cold and chill " I hope you are mistaken, dear," he said gently. " No, I am not. At four o'clock this morning I saw my busband, Noel Roehampton, standing in the garden under the big lilac yonder. I couldn't sleep, and I was looking out at the window, and I saw him come round the corner of the house. It wasn't a ghost this time, for I heard the sound of his foot Bteps. He stood there looking up, it was quite light enough for me to see his face, and I opened the window and called him. He didn't speak, but he nodded. I said, 'Are jou coming in?' and he went round to the front door. I rang for Parker to go down and let him in, but »he found no one there, and was quite rude at being disturbed at that time in the morning for nothing I think she said some- thing about 'whims'" " That was lude of her, dear, but don't you think it was fancy? You are very weak still, and weak- ness has strange* notions, you know " The band he placed upon her golden hair shook ti 1 the shining threads shivered as though stirred by the wmd, and be turned an ay his head that she might not see the workings of his face She shook her head sadly. "It was no fancy, papa," she said, sadly. " The flowers where he trod are all crushed and broken this morning Parker asked the gardener, and he told ber, and showed her the footmarks. Papa, what shall we do ?" "Wait, and be patient, my child. Pray Heaven that we may be mistaken, we can do nothing more" " But my baby," moaned the young mother, "what will become of him and me if Noel-" She could not speak her thought, and burst into weeping so passionate that ber father was fain to put aside his own grief and strive to comfort her. He was called from her side to receive the supennten dent of police and his manager Mr. M'Donald had told the officials what he could not find courage to tell his master, viz , that Noel Roehampton had been seen near the bank the night before, and the mar- vellously sound asleep that had visited the three who slept in the house The officer listened, and expressed his regret that he had not been told at once, as much valuable time had been lost, gave a few concise orders to his men, and then told Mr. M'Donald that he had had his orders to watch Mr Roehampton Jfor some time. The manager stared in perplexity, hardly feeling sure he understood him. " AVatch lum p" he said " Just so " " But why ¡>" " Because his complicity with almost all the great robbenes is very nearlj proved. I thmk this will finish it." " But you have no proof" " I have this It needed but your story to confirm the fact of his presence m Glasgow last night " It was half a torn envelope, addressed to Noel, which had been twisted up and used for lighting something On the back were some names m his own handwriting. " Great Heaven ' I saw him wnte that '" the mana- ger said, turning pale "Only two dajsago m the bank parlour!" Before they left the office one of the stolen notes was brought in by a policeman. The thief or thieves had lost no time in spending a part of their money. A smith at Pollockshielos was the reci- pient of it, and his story was, that very early that morning he was roused by a cab stoppmg at his place, and a man begging bim to put a shoe on his horse-the gentleman inside was going to Cross myloof to see a djing brother, and could not wait. The smith did the job so quickly that the gentle- man gave him a new £\ note, and told him he might keep it, and the cab drove away. Then he heard of the robbery, and came to see if this new note was one of those missing from the bank. " It is a bad job, the superintendent said, after they had questioned the smith, and got such de- scription of Noel Roehampton from him as did away with the possibility of a mistake, " a bad job for the poor old gentleman, let alone the monej , but it's time he knew, and the first shock's the worst in these things always." It was a hard thing to have to tell the honourable, fair dealing old Scotchman that a warrant had been issued for the arrest of his son-in-law, and that his name would be linked with those of felons and murderers in the Hue and Cry "Spare my girl as much as possible," he said. "She is innocent, and the innocent always suffer most. For me, I must bear as I may the blow Heaven bas seen fit to send " And he bowed his bead upon his arms, and wept like a very women for the broken honour of his bouse. 