TALES km SKETCHES. THE NEW MAGDALEN." Bv WILKIK COLLINS. Lily JanoL'o iraxioty was far from bring ro- liovod when Morcy had been restored to her Bouses and conducted to her own n em. Ilor mind remained ia a condition of unreason, iog alarm which it was impossible to remove. Ovur and avnr nuain aim a-un toiil I hn woman who hod terrified nor had left tho homo, and would never be permitted to enter it more. Over and over again alio was assured that tho stranger's frantic assertions were regarded by everybody about hor as unworthy of a mameut'a serious attonlion. Sho poraisted ia doubting whether thoy woro telliugher tho truth. A shocking diatru <t ot her friends soumei to possess her. Sho ski auk when Lady Jauot approached the bodsid ). Sho shuddcrod when Lidy Jans', khsod her. Sho flatly refused m lot Ilorar-j sco her. Sho tuk'.d the strangest questions about Julian Gray, and shook lior head buepicioutly whuu thoy told iitr that ho was abiont from tho house. At inloi voir, Bhohid Lor faco ia tho bodclothos, aud murmured to horaelf pilcously, "O I what bliali lib ? What ahull I do?" At other tim:s, bur one potitiou was to bo loft alone. "I want nobody iu my rooni"— '.hat was hor sulion cry — " Nobody ia my room " Tho ovening advancod and brought wi-,h it no change for tho bettor. LadyJanot, by tho advice of Horace, soot for hor ou mo'liiul slviscr. Tho doctor shook Lin heal. Tkohymptoms, he said, indicated a sorious ihcck to the nervous system. Ho wroto asodaiivo proscription ; and he gave (whhn happy choice of language) some sound and safe advice. It amounted triiflyio tliii; 'Tako bora vay,and.lry tlioaea-bidc. " Lajy Janets cu-ilomary ouergy acted on tho advico without a moinaat'o ncodlos delay. Sho gavo tho neces sary directions for packing tho trunks over night, and decided on leaving Mublothorpe Ilouzo with Mercy the next morniDg. Shortly aftor tho doctor liad takon his depar ture, a lottor from Julian, addru»scd to Lady Janet, was delivered by private messenger. Beginning with the necessary upilogies f ir the writer's nbsouco, tho letter proceeded in these lormo : "Before I pzrmitto.l my companion to accom pany mo to thelawyor'u oifi :u. I f u . tho ucces. sily of consulting hi:u as to my present posiliou town: ds her. "I told him — whatl think itonly right to repeat to yea— that I do not feel jo. tided iu acingoa niyowu opinion that hor mind ib d . ranged. In thocaao of this (ricad'osa woman, I want me-aical authority, and mire ovon than that, I want aomo positivo proof, to satisfy iny sonscicnco ac well as to confirm my viow, " Finding mo obstinate on this point, tho lawyer undertook to consult a physician accus'omed to tho troatmcnt of tlio insane on my behalf, fa" After sending a mcnogo, ar.d receiving Iho answer, ho said, ' Bring the lady here— in linlf.&n; hour she shall toll her story to the doctor instead Q of tolling it to me. The propoial rather staggered mo. 1 asked how it was pcsaiblo to induco Lor to do that. He laogbed, and answered. 1 I aball present tho doctor as my scLicr part nor ; my senior partner will bo the very man to advise hor. Yon know that I bnto all deception— oven whore tho end in viow appears to jiu.t.fy it. On tfai3 AfAffDinn hnvrifp. ihf<rA vah nfi ft >.r,r nltnrneiSwM than to lot the- lawyir take bis own course — or to rnn the risk of a delay which might bo followed, by serious mulls. " I wailed in a room by myself (feeling v ery uneasy I own) until tho doctor joined inu after tho intcrv'ew was over. " His opinion in, briefly, this : " After careful exaraina ion of the unfortunate creature, be tl inks that i hero aro unmistakably symptoms cf mental aborraticn. But hew far the mischief has fooe, and whether her case is, or is not, sufficier-t'y grave to render actual res traint necesrary, bo cannot positively say, in car present itate of ignoracco as to facte. " Thus far," ho observed, " wo krow nothing of that pait of her delusion which relates to Mercy Merrick. 'I he solution of tho difficulty in this care, is to bo found there. 1 entirely agreo with the lady that tho irquirics of iho cou- pul at Mannheim aro far from being conclusive. Furnish mo with satisfactory evidcnco either that there is, or is not, such a person rtally in exis tence m Morcy Merrick, and I will give yon a positive opinion on tbe caso, w henevf r you cnctEQ to ask for it." " Those words have decided mo on starting for the continent, and renewing tho ecarch for Morcy Merrick. Tlio proprietors of The leader have turchiseil AuxuidIa.aUlhr lho oxcluslvo riBht publlcatlon.tn " My friend the lawyor'wondera j jcosoly wholbor I am iu my tight asnsos. His advice is, thai I should apply to tbo nearest magistrate, and re lieve von and myself of ail farther troublo in that way. " Perhaps you agreo with him ? My dear aunt (as you have ofteu said) I do nothing liko other people. I am interested in this caso. I cannot abandon a forlorn woman who has been conGded to me t j the tendur mercies of strangers, so long as thore is any hope of my miking discoveries whioh may bo instrumental in restoring her to httsolf— perhaps, also, in restoring her to her friends. " I start by the mail train of lo-nigb. My plan is, to go first to Mannheim, and consult with the cocsul and the hospital doc.ors ; thou to find my way to the German surgeon, and to question him ; and, that dono, to inako the last and hardost effort of ad — tbo effort to traco tbo Frenoh ambulance and to ponotrato the myslory \- of Mercy Morrick. " Immediately on ray return I will wait on you. and toll you what I have accomplished, or how I have failed. " In tho meanwhile, pray be under no alarm about the reappcaranco of this uuliappy woman at your house. She is fully occupied iu writiDg (at my suggestion) to her friondB in Canada ; and she is unaor tho caro of tho landlady at bor lodgings— an ixperic-uccda il trustworthy port oa, who has satisfioa tlio doctor as well as 1117S0U of her fitness for the cliargo that 1I10 has under taken. " Pray mention this to Miss Rosoborry ( hcn- evor you think it dcsirablu), with tho respectful expression of my sympathy, ai d of my best wishes for her speody restoration to hoaldi. Ar.d once more forgivo mo for fading, uudcr stress of " necessity, to enjoy tho hospitality of Mnblothoipo Houso. Lady Janot c'o'od Julian's loiter, feeling far 2rou Batisfiod wi-.h it. She sat for a while pon dering over what her nephew had written to her. " One of two things," thought the quick willed old lady. " Hi ; hor the 'asryer is right, and Julian is a fit companion for tbo mad»oman wh m he has taken under his charge, or, he has somo second motive for this absurd journey of his which he haB car of ally abstained from mention ing in his letter. What can the motive bo ?" At inteivals daring the night that question re curred to hor ladvship again aid again. Tho utmost exorcise of noringonuity failing to answer it, bor 0110 mo area left was to wait paiiontly for Jqlian's return, and in-fcor -own favorite phraso, to "have iloutof him" then. The next morning Lady Jar.ot and hor adopted daughter left Mablethorpe Houso for Brighton ; Horace (who had begged to be allowed to accom pany them) beibg sentenced to romain in London by Mercy's express dssiro. Why— nobody could guess; and Mercy rofascd to say. CHAPTER XIII, — ENTER JULIAN. A wook has passed. Tito scene opens again in tho d ining-rocin at Mablethorpe House. The ho pliable table hears once moro its bnrdon of good things for lunch. But, on this occasion, 'Louy Janet sits alone. Her attention is divided between reading hor nowspanor and fettling hor cat. The cat is a slook aru splendid creaturo. Hecorrios an erect tail. Ho tolls luxuriously 03 tho soft carpot. Ho approaches his mistross iu a serious of coquettish cuivea. He smells wi h dainty hesitation Hie choicest morsels that can bo offered to him. The musical monotony of his purring faMs soothingly on hor ladyship's car. She slops in the midd'e of a loading arliclo and 'oiks with a care-worn faso at tho happy cat. " U pon my honor," cries Lady Janot, thinking, in her in- veteratoly ircnical manner, of the cares that trouble her, " all things considered, Tom, I with I was you." The oat starts— not at his mistress's compli mentary apostrophe, but at a knock at tho door which follows close upon it. Lady Janet say s, carelessly enough, "Corao in looks round list lessly to seo who it is ; and starts, liko the cat, when tho door opens and discloses— Julian Gray ! " You— or your ghost ? " she exclaims. She has noticed already that Ju'ian is pa'or than usual, and that thero is somotbing iu his manner at onco unoasy and subdued — highly uncharacteristic of him at other times. Ho takes a seat by hor side, and kisses her hand. But — for the first time iu bis aunt's experience of him —ho refuses tho good things on tho lunchoon- tablo, and he has nothing to say to the cat ! That neglected animal takes roiuge on Lady Janet's lap. Lady Janet, with her eyes fixol ex pectantly on hornophow (determining to " havo ft ont of him," at the first opportunity) waits to hear what ho has to say for himself. Julian has no alternative but to break tho silence, and tell bis story as he best may. " I got back from tho Continont last night," he began. " And I come heio, as I promised, to report myself on my return. How does your ladyship do ? How is Miss Rosoborry ?" Lady Janet laid aa indicative ftager on tho lace pe'.eiino which ornamented tho upper part of her dreBs. " Horo is tho old lady, well," sho answered — and pointed next to tho room abovo them. "And thore," she added, "is the you'g ladv, ill. Is anythiug the matter with you, Julian ?" " Perhaps I am a little tired after my journey. Never mind me. Is Miss lloseberry still suffer ing from the shock 1 " " What elso should she be suffor'ng from ? I will never forgive you, Julian, for bunging that crazy impostor into my house." "My dear aunt, when I was tho innocent meat s of bringing her here I bad no idea that such a person as Miss lloseberry was in oxistcnce. Nobody laments what has happened moro sincerely than I do. Have you had medical ad vice !" " I took her to the eeaside a woek since, by medical advice." " Has the change of air done her no good ? " "None whatever. If anything, the chnngo of Mr has made her worse. Sometimes abo situ for hours together, aa pale as death, without looking at anything, aud without uttering a word. Some times, she brightens up, and seems as if she was eager to say something— and then, Heaven only knows why, checks herself suddenly aa if she was afraid to speak. I could support that. But what cats me to tho heart, Julian, is, that sho does not appear to trust me and to love mo as sho did. She seoms to be doubtful of mo, she seems to be frightened of me. If I did not knew that it was simply impossible that such a thing could bo, I should roally think she bus- Eected me of bvlieving what that wretch said of er. In one word (and between ourselvof) I begin to foar she will never get over tho fright which caused that fainting fit. Theio is serious mischief somewhere— and. try as I may to dis cover it, it is mischief boyonu my finding." " Can the doctor do nothing ? ' Lady Janet's bright black eyes answered, before Bho replied in words, with a look cf supreme contempt. " The doctor 1 " she repeatod disdainfully. " I brought Grace back last night in sheer de spair, and I sent for tho doctor this morning. Ho is at tho head of his profession; he it said tj bo making ten thousand a year— and ho k'nowa 110 more abont it than I do. I am qaito serious. The great physician has jnst gone away with two guineas in his pocket. One guinea for advising me to keep her quiet; another guinoa for telling me to truBt to time. Do you wonder how he gets on at this rate ? My dear boy, thoy all got on the same way. The medical profession thrives on twoi nourable diseases in these modern days — » He tUUjaao and a She-disease. She-disease —nervous depression ; Ho disease— suppressed! goat. Remedies, one guinea if you go to the doctor; two guineas, if the doctor goos to yon. I might havo bought a now bonnet," cried her ladyship indignantly, " with tho money I have given to that man ! Let us cbango the subject. I loso tny temper when I think of it._ Besides, I want to kaow something. Why did you go abroad 1 ' At tint plain question Julian looked un affectedly surprised, "I wro'-o to explain," ho said. " Havo you not received my loiter 1" " Ok, I got your le'.tor. It was long enough, ia all conscience — aud.liJngaa it was, it didn't toil mo tbo or.o thing I wanted to know." " What is tho 'one thing'?" Lady Janet's reply pointed — not too palpably at firs'; — at that second motive for Julian's jiurnoy which sho had suspected Julian of con cealing from her. " I want to know," she said, " why yon troubled yourself to mako your inquiries on the Continent in porson ? You know where ray old courior is to bo found. You havo yourself: pro nounced him to bo tho most intelligent and trustworthy of mon. Answer me honestly— could you not havo sont him in your place?" " I might havo sont him," Julian admitted— a littlo reluctantly. " You might havo pent tho courier — and yon woro under an engagement to stay hero as my guost. Answer mo honestly onco moro. Why- did vou go away Ju'ian hesitated. Lady Janot paused for his reply, with the air of a woman who was prop.nred to wait (if necessary) for tho rest of tho after noon. " I had a reason of my own for going," Julian said at last. " Yof ? " rejoined Lady Janet, prepanyl to wait tif nccio:;;, y) till tho next morning. " A roason," Julian resumed, " whi.h I would rather not mention. " " Oh !" s:«i 1 Lady Janot. "Another myttwy — oh ? And another woman at tho bottom of it, no doubt ? Thank you— that will do— I am sufficiently answered. No wondor — aa a clergy- mau— that you look a littlo confused. Thero is perb a; sa certain grace, under tho circumstances, iniookingcoofused. Wo will chaugo the subject again. You stay horo, of course, now you have come back ? " Onco morn tho famous pulpit orator seomed to find himself iu tho inconceivable predicament of not knowing what to say. Onco more Lady Janot looked resigned to wait (if necessary) until tho middlo of next week. Julian took refugoin an anBwor worthy of tho most commonplaco man on tho face of the civilised oarth. " I hog your Iadship" to accept my thanks and my excuses," he said. Lady Janot's many-ringed fingers, mechanically stroking tho cat in htr lap, began to atroko Litu Hto_ wrong way. _ Lady Janot's inoxhauBtiblo pitiorce showed signs of failing her at last. "Mighty civil, I am auro," sho said. "Make it comploto. Say, Mr. Julian Gray presents his complintonls to Lady Janot Roy, and rogrots that a provioui engagement— Julian !" exclaimed tho old lady, suddonly pushing tbo cat off hor lap, and flinging hor last pretonco of good temper to the winds— " Julian, 1 am not to be trifled wi'h ! Thero is but one explanation of your conduct — you are evidently avoiding my house. Is thero somebody you dislike in it ? Is it Me ? " Julinn intimated by a geslnre that his aunt's last question was absurd. (Tho mueh-iujnred eat elevated his back, wavod his tail slowly, walked to tho firopiaco, and honorod tho rug by taking a soat on it.) Lady Janot persisted. " la it Grace Roso borry ? " sho asked next. Evon Julian's pitionco began to bIiow signs of yielding. His manner assumed a suddon decision, his voice rcso a tono loudor. "Yon insist on knowing?" he said. "It is Miss lloseberry. " " You don't liko htr ? :' cried Lady Janet, with a suddon burst of angry surprise. J ulian broko out, on his sido : " If I seo any moro of hor," ho answered, tho raro color mount- iug passionatoly io his checks, "I shall bo the unhappiost man living. If I seo any moro of her, I shall be falso to niyold friend who is to marry hor. Keop us apart. If yon havo any regard for my poico of mind, keop us apart." Onuttorablo amazement exproascd itself in bis aunt's lifted hands. Ungovornabie curiosity uttered itself in his aunt's next v/ords. " You don't mean to toll moyouaroin lovowith Graco ?" Julian sprang rostlossJy to his feet, and dis turbed tho cat at tho fireplace. (The cat left the room). " I don't know what to toll yon," he said, " I can't realise it to myself. No othor woman has ovor roused the fooling in mo which thia woman seems to havo callod to life in an instant. In tho hope of forgetting hor I broko my engagement hero ; I purposely soizod the opportunity of mak ing thoso inquiries abroad. Quito nsoloss. I think of hor, morning, noon, aud night. I see bor and hoar her, at this momont, as plainly as I seo and hear you. Sho has made horself a part of myself. I don't understand my life without her. My power cf will seems to be gone. I said to myBclf this morning. 'I will write to my aunt : I won't go back to Mablothorpe Houso.' Here I am in Mabletkorpo Houso, with a mean subter fuge to justify mo to my own conscience. 'I 00 it to my aunt to call on my aunt.' That is what 1 said to myic'f on the way here ; and I was secretly hoping every stop of the way that sho would come into tho room when I got hore. I am hoping it now. And sho is ongaged to Horace Holmcroft— to my oldest friond, to mv best friend ! Am I an infernal rascal? or am I a weak fool? God knows— I don't. Keep my secret, auut. I am heartily ashamed of myself ; I used to thiuk I was made of hotter staff thin this. Don't say a word to Horaco. I must, and will, conquer it. Let mo go." He snatched up his hat. Lady Janet, rising with tho activity of a young woman, pursued him across the room, and stopped him at the door. "No," answered the resoluto old lady, "I won't let you go. Come back with me." As sho said thoso words sho noticed with a cor- tain fond prido tho brilliant color mounting in bis cheeks— the flashing brightness which lent an added lustro to his oyes. Ho had never, to her mind, looked so handsomo fcoforo. She took his arm, aud led him to tho chairs which thoy had just left. It was shocking, it was wrong (she mentally admitted), to look on Mercy, under tho circumstances, with any other eyothan the eye of a brother or a friend. In a clergyman (perhaps) doubly shocking, doubly wrong. But, with all her respect far the vested interosts of Horaco, Lady Janot could not blame Julian. Worse still, she was privately conscious that be bod, somehow or other, risen, ra'.her than fallen, ia'her estima tion within tho last minute or two. Who could deny that hor adopted daughter was a charming creature ? Who could wondor if a man of refined laste3 admired her? Upon the whole, her ladjBhip humanely decided that hor nephe-v was rathor to bo pitied than blamed. Wnat daughter of Eve (no matter whether she was sovontoan or seventy) could have honestly ar- rivod atanyother conclusion)? Dowbalamanmay, let him commit anything he likes, from an error to a crime— so long as there is a woman at tho bottom of it, thoro is an inexhaustible fund of I 1 ardon for li'iji iu every other woman's heart. " Sit down," said Lady Janet, smiling in spiteof herself; "and dra'i talk in that horrible way again. A man, Juliaa — especially a famous man like you— ouglit to know how to control him self." I) Julian burst out laughing bitterly.- 1 \ "Send upstairs for my self- coitio'," bo said. " It's in hor possession— not in mine. Good morning, aunt." Hi roso from his chair. Lady Janot im'antly pushed him back into it' "I in8iaton joar staying here," thasaid, "if it is only for a few minutes longer. I havo something to Bay to yon." "Does it reforto Miss Rosoberry." "It refers to tho hiteful woman who frightened Miss Rosoberry. Now are you satisfied ?" Jn'.Ln bowed, and settled himsolf in his chair. " I don't much liko to acknowledge it," his aunt went on. "Bit I want you to unilerstnnl that I luvo eomothing roally serion3 to speak about, for ouce io away. Julian! tint wretch not only frightens Grace— she actually frigh.ens Me." " Frightens you ? She is qu'lo harmless, poor thing." "'Poor tli'ng !"' repeated Lidy Janet. "Did yon say, ' poor thing ' ?" "Yea." " Is it possiblo that you pity hor ?" " From the bottom of my heart." Tho old lady's temper gave way again at lint reply. " I hate a m in who can't bate anytjody !" sho burst out. " If you had been an ancient Roman, Julian, I bolievo you wou'd havo pitied Nero himself." Julian cordially agreed with her. "I believe I should/' ho said quietly. " All sinners, my dear aunt, are more or less misorablo sinneiB. Nero must havo been one of tho wretchedest of mankind." " Wretchod ?" exolairaed Lady Janet. "Nero wrotched ! A man who committed robbeiy, arson, and murder, to his own violin accompau'- mont — enly wrotched 1 What next, I wondtr? When modern philanthropy begins to apologise for Nero, modern philanthropy has arrived at a pretty pass indeed I Wo shall hear next that Bloody Queon Mary was as playful as a kitten; and if poor dear Henry tho Eighth carried any thing to an oxtreme, it was the practice of the domostic virtues. Ab. how I hate cant ! What wero wo talking about just now ? You wander from the subject, Julian; you are; what Icall bird-witled. I protest I forget what I wanted to say to you. No, I won't he reminded of it. I may be an old woman, but I am not in my dotage yet ! Why do you sit thero staring ? Have you nothing to say for yourself ? Of all tho people in tho world, have you lest tho uso of your tongue ?" Julian's excellent temper, and aecurato know ledge of his aunt's character, exactly fitted him to calm the rising storm. He contrived to lead Lady Janot insensibly back to tho lost Bubject, by doxterons reference to a narrative which he had thus far left untold — the narrative of his adventures on tho Continent. " I havo a great deal to say, aunt, " he replied. " I havo not yet told you of my discoveries abroad." Lady Janet instantly took the bait. ' I knew there was something forgotten," she said. " You havo been all this time in tho house, and you have told me nothing. Login directly." . . Patient Julian began. CHAPTER XIV.— COMING EVENTS OAST THEIR SHADOWS BEFORE. " I wont first to Mannheim, Lady Janet, as I told you I bhould in my letter ; and I hoard all tho consul and tho hospital doctors could tell mo. No new fact of the slightest importance turned up. I got mv directions for finding the Gorman surgeon, and I sot forth to try what I could mako next of tho man who had performed tho opeiation. Oa the quostionof his patient's idontity ho had (as a perfect stranger to her) nothing to toll me. On the question of hor mont d condition, howovor, he mode a vory im portant statement. He osned to me that ho bad operated on another porson injured by a shell-wound on tho head, at the battle of Solferino, and that the patient (recovering also in this cose ) recovered— mad. That is a remarkable admission ; don't yon think so ? " Lady Janot's temper had hardly been allowed time enongh to snbside to its enstomary level. " Vory remarkablo; I darosay/'sheanswerod, " to people who feel any doubt of this pitiable lady of yours bo<ng mad. I feel no doubt — and, thua far, I find your account of yourself, Julian, tiresome in tho extreme. Get on to tho end. Did vou lay your hand on Mercy Merrick ? " "No." " Did yon hear anythiug of her ? " " Nothing. Difficulties boiet mo on every Bide. The French ambulance had shared in the disasters of France — it was broken up. The woundod Froncbmen woro prisoners, somewhero in Germany, nobody knew whero. The Frenoh Burgeon had beon killed in action. His assis tants were scattered— most likely in hiding. I began to despair of making any discovery, when accident threw in my way two Prussian soldiers who had been in the French cottago. They con firmed what the German surgeon told the oinsul, and what Horaco himself told mo. namely, that no nurse in a black dress was to bo seen iu tho place. If there had been such a person, she would certainly (the Prussians informed me) have been found in attendance on the iujured Fronchmon. Tho cross of the Geneva Convention would have beon amply sufficient to protect her : no woman wearing that badgo of honor would havo disgraced faorsolf by abandoning tbo wounded men before the Germans entored the place." "In short," interposed Lady Janet, " thero is no such person as Mercy Merrick ? " "I can draw no other conclusion," said Julian, " unless the English doctor's idea is tho right one. After hearing what I have just told yon, he thinks tho woman horsolf is Mercy Merrick." Lady Janet held up her band, as a sign that sho bad an objection to make hore. "Yon and tho doctor seem_ to havo settled everything to your eutire satisfaction on both sides," Bhe said. "But there is one difficulty that vou havo neither of you accounted for yet." " What ia it, aunt ? " "Yon talk glibly enough, Julian, about this womau's mad assertion 1 hat Graco is the missing nurso, and that sho is Grace. But you have not explained yet how the idea first got into her head ; and, more than that, how it is that she is acquainted with my naruo and address, and per fectly familiar wilh Graco's papers and Grace's affairs. Tbcso things are a puzzle to a person of my average inelligeDCO. Can vour clovor frioud, tho doctor, account for them 1 " Shall I tell you what ho said, when I saw him this morning ?" " Will it take long?" " It will tako about a minute." " You pgreeably surpriso mo. Go on." " You want to know how abo gained hor know- led go of your name, and of Mi si Roseborry's affairs," Julian resumed. " The doctor says, in ono of two ways. Either Miss Rosoberry must' havospokon of you, and of hor own effaiis, whilo sho and tho strangor wero trgetber in the French cottage ; or tho stranger muBt havo obtained access prirately (to Miss llosebotry's paperr. Do you agree so fur ? " Lady Janet began to feel interested for the first time. Perfectly," she said. "I have no doubt Graco rashly talked of matters which an older and wisor person would have k»pt to herself." " Very good. Do you also agreo that the last idea in the woman's mind when sho was struck by tho Bhell might have been (quite probably) tho idea of Miss Rosoberrv's identity and Miss Rosebeny's affairs ? You think it likely enough ? Well 1 what happens after that ? The wonnded woman is brought to life oy an operation ; _and she becomes delirious in the hospital at Mannheim. During her delirium the idoa of Miss Roseberry's identity ferments in hor brain, and assumes its present perverted form. In that form it still remains. As a necessary conscquenco, sho per sists in roveraing the two identities. She says she is Miss Rose bo try, and doclares Miss Roso borry to be Mercy Merrick. Thore is the doctor's explanation- What do you think of it ?" " Very ingenious, I dare say. Tho doctor doesn't qaito satisfy me, howover, for all that. I think' What Lady Janot thought was not dostincd to bo expressed. She suddenly cheeked herself, .and hold up hor haud for the second limo. " Another objection V inquired Julian. " Hold yonr tongue criod the old lady. " If you say a word mora I shall lose it again. " Loso what, auat ?" " What I wanted to say to you ages ago. I havo got it back again— it begins with a question. (No moro of tho doctor ! I have had euoogh of him I) Whore is 6he — yonr pitiable lady, my crazy wretch— where is sho now? S.ill in London ?" " Yos." " And still at large?" " Still with the landlady, at her lodgings." " Very well. Now, answor ma this ! What is to provent her from making another attempt to force her way (or steal her way) into tny house ? How am 1 to protect Graco, how am I to protect mysolf, if she comes here agaiu ?" "It that really what yon wished to speak to me about ? ' " That, aud nothing olse." Thoy were both too deeply interested in the subjoot of their conversation to look towards the ccnservatory, and to notice the appcarauco at that momont of a distant gontloman among tho Elauts and flowers, who had mado Lis way in :om tho garden outsido. Advancing noiselessly on the Boft Indian matting, the gentiomen ere long revealed himself under tho form and faatures of Horace Holmcroft. Beforo enteriog tbo dining- room, be paused, fixiDg his oyes inquisitively on tho back of Lady Janet's visitor— tho back being ail that he could seo in the position ho then ocoupitd. After a pauio of an instant, the visitor spoke, and further uncertainty was at once at an end. Horace, nevertheless, made no movement to enter the room. He had hiB own jealonB distrust of what Julian might be tomptod to say at a private interview with bis aunt ; and he waited a little longer, on the chanco that his doubts might be verified. " Noithor you nor Miss Rosoberry nsed any protection from the poor deluded oreaturo," Julian weut on. " I havo gained great influence over her— and I have satisfied her that it is use less to present horself here again." "I bog your pardon," interposed Horace, speaking from tho conservatory door. " You have done nothing of tho sort." (Hebad heardenough to isaliBfy.him thatthelalk was not taking the direction which his suspicions had anticipated. And, as an additional incen- tivo to show himself, a happy chanco had now offered him tho opportunity of putting Julian in tho wrong). "Good heavens, Horace!" exclaimed Lady Janet. " Whero do you come from ? And what do yon mean ?" ' I hoard at the Iodgo that yonr ladyship and Grace had returned last night. And I came in at onco, without troubling tho sorvants, by the shortest way." He turned to Julian next. "The woman you wero spoaking of just now," he pro ceeded, " has been hore again already — in Lady Janet's absence." Lady Janet immediately lo:ked at her nephew. Julian reassured her by a geslnre. " Impossible," he said. " Thero must he some mistake." "Thore is no mistake," Horace rejoino.?. "I am repeating what I have just heard from the lodge keeper himself. He hesitated to mention it to Lady Janet for fear of alarming her. Only three days sinco this person had the audacity to ask him for her ladyship's address at the seaside. Of coarse ho refused to give it." " Yon bear that, Julian?" said Lady Janet. No sigDS of anger or mortification escaped Julian. Tho expression in his face at that mo- 1 h v3 11 ii ou gfticootuu vt oiuvuivutoiiioaoi "Pray don't alarm yourself," he said to his aunt, in his quietest tones. " If she attempts to annoy yon or Miss Ro.eberry again, I have it in my power to stop her instantly." " How ?" asked Lady Janet. " How, indeed !" echoed Horace. " If we give her in charge to the polico we shall become the subject of a public scandal." "I have managed to avoid all dangor of scandal," Julian answered ; the expression of distress in bis face becoming more and more marked while he spoke. " Before I called hero to-day I had a private consultation with the magistrate of tho dis rict, and I have made cer tain arrangements at the polio station cloio by. On receipt of raj card, an experienced mau, in plain clothes, will present himself at any address that I indicate, and will take her qnietly away. The magistrate will hear tho charge in his private room, and will examine the evidence which I can produce, showing that she is not accountable for her actions. Tho proper medical officer will re port officially on tho case, and the law will place her under the necessary restraint." Lady Janet and Horaco lookod at each other in amaziment. Julian was, in their opinion, the last man on earth to tako the courso— at once sensible and severe— which Julian had actually adopted. Lady Janet insisted on an explanation. " Why do I hoar of this now for the first time?" sho asked. " Why did you not tell me you bad taken these precautions before ?" Julian answered frankly and sadly. " Because I hoped, aunt, that there would be no nocessity for proceeding to extremities. You now force me to acknowledge that the lawyer and the doctor (both of whom I have seen this morning) think, as you do, that she is not to be trusted. It was at their suggestion entirely that I went to the magistrate. Thoy pat it to mo whether the resnlt of my inquiries abroad —unsatisfactory as it may havo been in other respects— did not strengthen the conclusion that the poor woman's mind is deranged. I felt com pelled in common honesty to admit that it was so. Having owned ihiB, I was bound to take such precautions as tho lawyer and the doctor thought necessary. I have done my duty — sorely againit my own will. It is weak of me, I dare say — but I cannot bear tho thought of treating this afficted creaturo harshly. Her de lusion is so hopeless ! her situation is such a pitiable one !" His voice faltered. He turned away abruptly and took up his hat. Lady Janet followed him, and spoke to him at tho door. Horace smiled satirically, and wont to warm himself at the fire. " Are you going away, Jalian ?" " I am only going to the lodge-keeper. I want to give him a woid of warning in caso of his seeing her again." " You will como back hore ?" (Lady Janet lowered her voice to a whisper). " There ia really a reason, Julian, for your not leaving the boose now,-" " I promise not to go away, aunt, until I have provided for your -security. . If you, or your adopted daughter, ore alarmed by another in trusion, I give you my word of honor my card shall go to the pol ee-station— however painfally I may feel it myself." (He. too, lowered his voice at the next words.) " In the meantime, 1 remember what Ir confessed' to you .-.while "wo were alono ! For my sako, lot „ me. sec aa.Jittle of Miss Rosoberry as possiblo. Shall 1 find yen in this room whou I come back ?" " Yes." " Alone ?" He laid a strong emphasis, of look as well as of tone, on that ono word. Lady Janot under stood what the emphasis meant. " Are yoi really," she whispered, "as much iu love with Grace as thtt ?" Julian laid one hand on his aunt's aim and pointed with the other to Horace— standing with his back to them, warming his feet on the fender. " Well ? " said Lady Janet. "Well," said Julian, with a smilo on his lip and a tear in his eyo, " I never envied any man as I envy him ! " With those words he loft tho room. 