ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. I HOPE the elections are progressing to the satisfaction of everybody concerned. I am perfectly satisfied so far. The old names reappear on the list of members returned wherever the electors have the chance of choosing them, and, so far as can be predicted at present, the Now Parliament will be very much like the old one only a bit bigger. Out of eighteen members already elected there are only two who have not sat in Parliament before. This is consoling. It sounds well to talk of " infusing new blood into the Legislature," but the operation is a hazardous one particularly if you abstract too much of the " old blood " in the process. Now blood is apt to be frothy and effervescent, for a time at least, and its abundant vigor is more likely to be expended an dangerous or impracticable schemes than on safe and feasible ones. Besides, new fledged politicians, like seventeen-year-old boys, are, as a rule, unmitigated bores. They are full of enthusiasm on new discoveries they have made in political science discoveries which' their grandfathers, if they ever had any, discovered to be collected half a century ago. They have not measured themselves or their strength with veterans, and therefore they fancy that they have no equals. Innocent of practical experience, they have had no opportunities of finding out their many and great deficiencies. Like the traditionary young boar-" their troubles are alj,baforojhom,"jind the process of convincing them of this fact is a tedious and uninteresting one. It has to be done, but the necessity makes the duty none the loss agreeable to either operators or spectators. I could go on proving in this sententious manner for another column or so, if I had a grudge against my readers, and desired to pay them out in such a heartless and cruel manner but I haven't any. grudge, and would revenge it in a more merciful manner if I had. The impression I wished to convoy was that I don't like now faces, either in Parliament or anywhere else, and therefore I am pleased to see the old morn' bors getting returned so methodically. Douglas is likely to be rejected to-day by the electors of North Brisbane, but that is not a matter of consequence, He is not a desirable , man to have in the Assembly at all, and particularly as the representative of the metropolis of the colony. In the first place, he is too precise and conscientious both in his language I and conduct for a member of Parliament. A ! man who has scruples of conscience over an I electioneering statement, and such a nice sense | of honor as to regard his smallest word OF an inviolable bond, has DO right to aspire to the position of a public man, much loss a Queensland statesman. Then, again, he regulates his political conduct by not principles, and sticks to them with irritating pertinacity, whether his party go with him or not. He has a bad habit of thinking for himself and coming to his own conclusions on all sorts of questions. Being an educated man and a gentleman he has not the 1 tact to disguise those misfortunes, but must let them be seen on all occasions, and BO annoy other people who are not afflicted in like man- nor. As a natural consequence, probably, of the defects already alluded to, our friend is apt to be chivalrous and Quixotic even, when he ought to be selfish and cautious in a high degree. Nothing arouses suspicion among ignorant, selfish, or designing people so soon or SO certainly as a display of generosity or high principle which so far ivenecenda their ideas that they cannot believe it to be genuine. Above all,, Douglas has committed the blunder of letting the electors of North Brisbane see that I he would regard it as an honor to sit in Parliament OF their representative. He ought to lose his election for this fault alone. The proper- course to have taken would have been to make the electors see and feel that he conferred an honor upon them by allowing himself to be nominated. His trump cord, when requested to come forward, was to have pleaded unwillingness, and imposed conditions ; enlarged on the great personal' sacrifices it would involve, and stipulated that so soon as the duties of representing them to carry onerous or ask some he should be at liberty to resign them and devote his whole attention to his own private affairs. This would have taken the conceit out of the electors, and secured their suffrages to a man. But he didn't do this, consequently hon. members of the Legislative Assembly will probably be saved the annoyance of his crotchets and odd conduct in the House, for another session or two at all events. The process of election under the new Act is rather a tame affair. Fancy the returning officer for the metropolis having only an audience of one perspiring reporter to hear him declare the nominations for a contested election. " Can such things be, and overcome us like a summer cloud without our special wonder that the late William Shakespeare was in the habit of observing to his good lady, whenever he saw a ghost. Is it possible to keep up even a decent show of public spirit when all opportunities for its display are S.O carefully removed? I am afraid not. The preventing of electioneering meetings from being held at public houses was the first wet blanket on the elections, the secret nominations was the second, and the voters' rights dodge was the final extinguisher to all public interest, much less enthusiasm, on the subject. Public spirit cannot be thoroughly aroused without a liberal administration of strong drink; it cannot be kept up without frequent opportunities of manifesting itself in a concentrated form at public meetings in convenient places and its practicable exercise on polling-days must be made as easy and pleasant as possible. Vf bother it was a cunning device of the enemy, or simply a fatuous hobby of some political purist, the result is equally unsatisfactory. We must have the Elections Act and the Electoral Districts Act altered, unless we mean to become " hum- drum " and deplorably unpatriotic. If we could got the good old English custom of open voting when we are about it, our future also lions would be very much more interesting. Any way it will never do to go on in this sort of fashion. Our patriots and political instructors find no scope for the exercise of their callings. As a proof of the shifts to which they are reduced, take our old acquaintance, Paddy O'Sullivan. Ho, as I see by the Ipswich papers of Saturday last, is obliged to take to " leading article" writing to reach the people. Think of that ye old residents in this great colony, who have listened so often to the flowing eloquence and insinuating rogue of The O'sullivan Think of too painful I think I might venture to BBy the agonising struggle required to condense a rousing harangue, in which W" and grammar were of secondary importance, into the same, narrow, formal act of a leading article in a newsp^ a thing which people read placidly at the breakfast tables, between bites of bread and butter, and sip of coffee. A thing which they can weigh word by word, mind you, in the most deliberate and cold-blooded manner, and re-read and criticise. It must be bad enough for Mac elector to be driven to such a strait, but be, by nationality and temperament, has thoadvantoeo of The O'Sullivan by tremendously long chalks Yes, we must have those elections made a little livelier, and ample opportunities afforded for the display of public spirit. A wicked sinner, who nevertheless attends his church very regularly, writes me a most eulogistic account of the services there. He says any one who likes operatic music " on the sheep" can always got it by attending his church. Last Sunday the performance consisted chiefly of passages from I Puritani," and next Sunday he invites me to come and hear " Les Huguenots." I think I will go. Somebody once said, " variety is charming," and a little operatic music must vary the solemn monotony of a religious service in a very agreeable manner. By-and-by we may progress back to the middle ages, and re-establish the religious drama M well. I have no doubt one of the old miracle plays or 'mysteries" would draw crowded houses if the assistance of a good theatrical manager could be secured to superintend its production. 