=— j HOW A GIRL MAY SPOIL HER- j SELF. Begin, say at sixteen, to look in the glass whenever you jmss one, and to make up your mind that you are not so beautiful as you might be- Grow gradually discontented with your com plexion, and make up your mind that it must und shall be improved. Talk a good deal about your want of charms to your young lady friends, who will be sure to encourage 3'ou in your low estimate of them. Draw the attention of 3'our maiden aunts, grandmothers, etc., to your complexion. They will I soon discover that " it ia your liver." Begin a course of weeping on your pillow at night. It will improve your eyes and eyesight. Wear a dotted veil al.yrayfi in the street and never ex pose yourself to sunbeams. Then take any daily newspaper and hunt out, buy and use all the magical" beaut i fiers" that are advertised in its co lumns. Some will be chalk or whiting; some, innocent starch powder; some, arsenic, bismuth and white lead. Some will make you look like the ghost of a working baker, who had not bad time to wash his face. Some will fill your pores with little black specks; soma wiil poison you ; some will hurt your eyesight; some will paralyze your hands. No matter, buy them all ; plaster them on, and oil or paint on your cheeks at the some time. In a year or so you will consume all the universal panaceas on record. You try allopathy, homeopathy, the water cure, electricity, magnetism, and all the quack medicines. You began by being a healthy young woman ; you are now an invalid, with a a parchment com plexion and an unhappy disposition, and one day you look in the glasa and discover grey hairs in your head. Nature, finding that you would dose yourself into a pallia ghostlinesr., tries to do what she can for you by giving you such hair as you will point the change less hideously. You feel hor rified ; you fly to the papers once more and read an advertisement of Ambro sial Hair-dye, 'harmless, potent, and perfumed." You at once go out to boy this compound, which, when bought, proves to be a grimy mixture with a very nasty smell, and so begin upon the, hair dyes, and go on till one day tbere is an end of all tilings for 3'ou, and out of respect fed your qiemo ry people '-.all it a visitation of Provi dence, and not a visitation of hair dye which they would call it if they told the truth. 