;< ;; k MELBOURNE. i. -(PROSE. OCR OWN correspondent.) r ' Tuesday Evening. " lne dimcuity 'of pleasing eveiybody was never perhaps more fully 'exemplified "thanitrthecsse of tlie new electoral districts as proposed in the bill ' now before Parliament. There" have teen numer rous complaints already brought before the Go vernment omthis head, but iperhaps.nonie sp lutter : as one -made 1 to the hon. the Chief Secretary by a : deputation from M'lvor and Heathcoto wtfich1 waited upon him to-day. Mr Francis. tewevier, said - that .the scheme of aepnaat tatiptf contfemplated wis one not of mere localities; but of population; and added that if once the -Government tegan to break hulkin tfae matteis, the whole scheme would goby the board. He tbereforesaw no way of -remedy ing the wrongs complained of, and 'told the -deputation that they aunt be uootent to -allow tfie matter to remain & miAilms so far as'any promise from him was cbnf poms?-:.,:- ; ..'..-.rf::--.:"--';,.. - Judging by the opinions expressed byaembeff the, leading members of the Council to-night upon tho Mining on Private Property Bill, the measure is not tikriy- to share h mnch better fale'thlnits predecessor. Sir F. Murphy was one of the'ffiw .who spoke in favor. of tho bHL and he-made a go sperii,' . The hfi). jnR piiget into com mittee, and whast there will undoubtedly, undergo some very marked changes. A deputation from the Bmldera and Contractors Assocuttfon of/Victoria, introduced hv Mr Wliite- man,. M.LA., and headed by Mr Samuel A mess utefoayofbf Melbourne, waited upon the hon. the Chief i-Secifetary to-day, to solicit the support of the Goveroment to the measure known as the Contractors Lien Bill. It was represented that, as, the' law stood at present, contractors were oftrii " quite at the mercy of unscrupulous per sons, who obtained money from building so cieties, and, instead of paying for the buildings for- which- contracts had been m-ap applied the cash to other uses. A printed docu ment was handed to the Chief Secretary, in which a number of cakes of alleged hardship of this kind were detailed, The fpDowuig. wiU serve as a sample of the whole : — -"X rxmtractor agreed to erect a large terrace in St/Kilda. When com pleted, he hadabout- L1000 to draw. He then found that , the terrace was mortgaged to a building society, w1k> would advance no more. Tho builder . -had .to call a meet ing of his'-creditors, and 'insread of divid ing the L1000 got nothing at ' all." Again : " A gentleman of Collins street got a nice villa erected on Emerald Hill. "The place was completed in grand style; and the house furnished. When the builder got his final certificate it was found that the money had been got from a buiiding society, and that the house had been furnished out of the last money they would advance. The contractor had to leave about L2Ck>. finding himself unable- to start the machinery cf law agamst tbereputed owner." And so on. MrKrancis said that: inasmuch as it was exceedingly difficult to deal with one side of such a question as ibis without vi-eli weigliing the interests of olhc-r classes of persons affected, lie Would at present give no definite pledge of support to the biil. lie pro mised, however, to consult lus colleagues on the subject,, and to inform the -deputation as to the result. The veiy latest ghost story comes from North Fitzroy, the newest, and just now the muddiest, of the various suburbs of this city ; and before I go any further, I take the liberty to add that in die present instance the apparition, is altogether a very different kind of thing from thit remarkably misty and impalpable Spring street affair, about which so much fuss has been made in the Tele- graph lately — that it is in fact a substantial ghost of the good old school, about .which there can be no mistake. It has been seen flitting about tbe above- mentioned locality,' night after night, with white garments floating in the wind, by scores of persons, and when you speak to one of the denizens - the second question whish he puts -to you — if not' the first — is sure ;o be — "Have you seen the ghost?" I have not seen the thing myself, but I-know at least three persons who have, and who describe its appearance as a tall figure in loose white robes, tlirough v-liich a light shines with sufficient brightness to render the apparition visible for about half a mile. 1: has been chased several times, but hitherto it has always succeeded in evadingthepnisnit, although last night it was neirly brought to book by aplucky lit tie terrier not given to superstitious terrors, who made fur the figure, and appeared to be about making a grasp at its legs, when it uttered an unearthly "how'l and disappeared in the darkness. By a singular coin cidence. the residents - in the immediate neighbor hood of the favorite resorts of the apparition — which district, by the way, is shamefully destitute of police protection — are constantly losing, not only their poultry, but also their pots and pans, and any other unconsidered " trifles" tliat may have been left in their yards at night ; but whether the " ghost" lias anything.to do with these petty depre dations or not, is . a point which has not yet been decided. ... A lunatic named James Keefc committed suicide on -Saturday afternoon by jumping into the Yarra, near the -Asylum. Is it possible that the" Smith v Smith and Arm strong case' can "be heard again? There is at least a possibility" of sffch an undesirable occurrence, as to-day an application was to have been made by Mr Ireland in tbe Banco Court for a rule /».«' to enter a new triaL Owing to the absence of Mr Ireland, however," the matter was postponed. To-day Mr Billing moved for a rule w'-i to enter a new trial In the case Degraves v M'Mullen, and pending decision asked for an arrest of judgmenL The application was granted. The motion to make the-rule absolute now remains to be argued. In the Insolvency Court this morning, Michael Burke, one of the witnesses in the case of Wade aad Co., the Geelong produce merchants, insol vents, was committed to gaol for fourteen uays by Judge Noel, for prevarication in giving his evi dence. 