The Storyteller. HUNTING A SHADOW. CHAPTER VIII. BY M. E. K. IT would be difficult to analyse Arthur's feel-<*> ngs, after the declaration had been made. Upon the whole he was glad he had asked Vic-<*> torine to marry him, for he felt sure she would make htm an excellent wife, and it was the most sensible thing he could do. He hsd been wrong to indulge the morbid attachment to Constance. It waa utterly hopeless, and no good could oome of it. And yet, right or wrong, this attach ment was only in abeyance, and ready, on the •lightest pretext, to burst out as ungovernable as ever. But then Yietorine would be at his tide to put it down. She was so kind and sen sible, and Arthur thought so true. He knew nothing of her worldly life in London; the re port of it bad not reached his quiet home. He and Grace had always kept up a friendly inter course with her, and had met with a kind re ception at her house. All seemed fain^and smooth. Mrs. Femurs was a little too grand and atyHsh for their simple country notions, bat no thing else; and this, they thought, was /matter of association, and of her bringing up. As far as Yietorine was concerned, Arthur had not a single misgiving. Yietorine knew exactly how to eonduot her ash* in the delicate position in which she was placed. Her unruffled carelessness and ■elf-possession gave her, as it always did, an immsnse advantage. Every feeling under strict oontrol, she ressmhled the general of some highly disciplined army, who oould never be found off his guard. She neither ■ought Arthur nor avoided him 1 talked with him freely and cordially, but without the •lightest embarrassment. Polite, polished, and graceful, she did honor to his choice. But had she aooepted him ? Yes. In a few words she had told him her decision, had spoken wisely, temperately, and piously of the duties she was wSHng to undertake. The young nobleman was fLWed over in silenoe, and this Arthur attri buted to her deliesey of feeling. Yietorine had proposed to go home, or rather to her mother, who was out for her autumn tour. This time Arthur did not oppose her, and it was settled that on her return he and his lister should pay a visit to Chester Square, when matters were to be definitely arranged. Yietorine then took her departure—dresses, jewellery, and aIL Her game was ended, and ■he had won it. Arthur felt very lonely when Yietorine was gone; he missed her terribly. The house, abandoned to Grace, seemed devoid of interest. It might have been otherwise if Grace had notjbeen still in the very thick of her dressmaking. As it was, Arthur was more soli tary than ever, and wrote long letters to Yioto fine, and heartily wished her back again. He had not ventured to look at the picture. He held himself back with a strong arm when ever the wish came upon him. He let it remain behind its veil for a month untouched, hoping that the impression might fade from his memory. 'Let it die," he would say; "dust to dust, ashes to ashes. But fife must have life; the heart cannot cling to a phantom." And yet there were few phantoms more bewitching. He shonld never see again a face so faultless, a mien ■0 majestic. Suppose he were to take a momen tary glance. Yes, he must look! He is drawn irresistibly towards it. The strong will fails him; he raises the curtain. Surely she is more beautiful than when he looked upon her hut. "Beautiful, glorious Constance! Death hath not spoiled thee. Perhaps he relented, smitten with thy beauty, and feared to touch it. Tea, oould have loved thee. Every chord in my being would have responded to thine. We were to have been one, Constanoe, but the grave parted as." At such moments, when Arthur bowed at the shrine of his idol, the image of Yiotorine stood reverently without/ She had never come into the sanctuary of his soul, as this dead stranger had. Constance was her rival still. That afternoon Arthur went out, as he often did, for an excursion. Sir Harry Lorimer, who ived some six miles distant, had given him per mission at all times to sketch in his park. He had alto a hearty welcome whenever he oould be persuaded to stay at the house for the night, and a room had been fitted up for him that went by the name of " Mr. Leslie's room." Sir Harry, Arthur knew, was now abroad, but the park was open as usual, and likewise the cham ber, if he should choose to avail himself of it. The time for these excursions was getting over, but the day wae warm for the season, and the trees wen beautiful in their many-colored dress. Arthur fixed upon his subject, and tried to work away industriously; but his mind was restless. TLe picture haunted him. Instead of his land scape he must needs paint the figure of Con stance. It was foolish, he knew; and the old leaning on the thorn again. But how lovely he made her! Just as she might have been had she passed through yonder glade, where the deer were feeding. He put a wreath of flowers upon her head—he longed to put a crown, she looked so queenly. The subject wss one that com pletely absorbed him; and when he had put in the last touch, he found that the short autumnal day was drawing to a close. It turned chilly, and a gust of wind whirled the dead leaves about him. The rain came pattering down, and presently the shower increased so much that he waa glad to seek shelter indoors. He was received, as usual, by an old man, an old house steward, who urged him to remain all night. Arthur did not yield at once to this proposal, though as Grace knew where he was, his ab senoe wonld occasion her no»alarm. He stood for some time looking out into the storm, and ' hoping that it might abate. But the storm had not the slightest intention of abating. It pelted and howled, and tore away at the old trees in the park, until Arthur was at last obliged to give it up, and consent to stay until the morning. He waa thrown upon his own resources for amusement. The library was looked up, and no books were to be had from any other quarter. Bo Arthur spent the evening in touching up his sketch of Constance. The thought of Yiotorine would sometimes stay his hand, and cause him an unpleasant sensation. It seemed an act of unfaithfulness to her, and an act, too, that she would highly disapprove. "Your morbid disease will never be cured while you keep that picture," were her parting words. And not only had he kept that picture, bat actually painted another! He worked at it until his eyes and his brain grew dizzy, and then he laid it aside, and retired to rest The room Arthur occupied was an old-fashioned chamber, long and low, and with beams in its oafling that made it look lower still. It was famished in antique style, and the dark oak panelled walls would have given it a gloomy appearance, but for the fire that flickered and biased so cheer fully 00 the hearth. Arthur sat before it, buried in thought. Had he done right to engage himself to Yietorine ? Dare he trust himself to keep down his love for Constance, unaccountable and hopeless as it might be? Had he not seen her? Ah, it was only fancy! He had long ago settled that point, or rather Yietorine had settled it for him. It was, she said, a mere delusion of his brain. He had never really seen her sinoe she lay upon her eonoh that bright June morning. He threw himself upon the bed, and tried to compose himself to sleep. But sleep refused to visit him. The sketch he had been making stood by the wall, and the flickering firelight played upon it and lade it assume all kinds of grotesque forms. Arthur lay and watched it. Suddenly, and while his eyes were fixed upon it, it seemed to dilate. What marvel was going to happen now ? How much larger and more life-like would it become? He roused himself, and wall he might! It moved; it was not his picture; it was a human form that stood before him! It was Constanoe Clairville, just ac he had seen her at the tomb! Ihoso golden tresses are wonderfully like an angeTs. The white drapery, the solemn fcoe, the large eloquent eyes—is it real, or is it a phantom? Fancy could create nothing so beautiful! His picture, that he thought so perfect, has fallen infinitely short. She steps forward} she stands and looks upon him. There is a mournful earnestness in that look which fascinates him. He cannot ' move, nor does he wish. He hardly dares to ; breathe lest the vision should depart. He feels his heart drawn towards her, and his very exis tenoe blended with hers. I Bat even while he looks at her she is gone! He oan sse nothing now but his picture stand* ing by the wall, aad the firelight playing upon it as it did before. How inngniaeantandfeeUe it appeared! He waxed wroth agamst it, and springing up, tore it in pieoes. Then foDowed a period of tumultuous emotion, of pacing up and down the room, of wild and bitter despair, Yietorine!—do not mock him by reminding him of her. She is a ereatare of earth, and this is a oelestial visitant! He does not think of Yietorine, but with strained eye balls seeks to find again that other. He is hers. Bhe will not have htm yield homage to another. She has come to claim him, even from the tomb! But this state of excitement oould not last long. Nature became exhausted, and at length he threw bin: self on the bed and slept. Morning came, bright and sunny. There was no sign that the storm had been, except that the ground was strewed with withered leaves. The deer ware feeding quietly in the park, and all nature looked at peace again. But the storm in Arthur's mind was only half allayed. He rose feverish and UL This second apparition of Constance had completely be wildered him. It had given rise to a- thousand conjectures. Sometimes he fancied she must be alive, though the evidenoe of his senses was op posed to such an idea. Had he not seen her dead? And yet surely that beautiful figure must have been Constance! Was it possible to solve the mystery ? He resolved to make en quiry before he went away. M Who have you in the house?" asked he of the old steward, in a tone of affeoted indifference* " I caught a glimpse of some one last night." " Did you, sir ?" said the old man. " Yes, indeed I did," cried Arthur, trembling with excitement. ♦ "Well, sir, it's jfst possible," and the old' man stopped, and loJked perplexed. " What is possible ?" exclaimed Arthur, im patiently. *' Why, sir, there is a gentleman here on his way to London. He is unsettled in his mind, sir, and .has been ever sinoe his daughter died, and " "What wss her name?—tell me quick," interrupted Arthur. " Was not it—Constance Clairville?" " The very same, sir. He is a friend of Sir Harry's; and I was going to tell you, but——" Arthur would not stay to hear what the old man was going to tell. He had heard enough. Chapixb IX. "I wish I oould make him speak out, that I do, and before Igo to London. Yiotorine has a beau, and everybody else will have a beau, and it will be so provoking to be without! And he dangling after me all the time, and getting neither backwards nor forwards! It is immensely tiresome!" This soliloquy of our friend Graoe took plaoe as she was sitting in the cosy little parlor, the day of Arthur's excursion to the park. She had finished her jacket, and had it on, and very well it looked, and fitted her exactly, thanks to Yietorine. Grace was excessively smart with her bows of ribbon, her hair done out into a multitude of curls, and a brooch on her bosom nearly as large as a cheeseplate. She was set on making John Lodge speak his mind, and, like Yietorine, she had pressed all her finery into the servioe. She reckoned very much on the effect her pro posed visit to London would have on the mind of honest John. She meant to try and make him jealous; to shoot as many stinged barbs at him as she oould; to talk boaatingly of Mrs. Ferrars, and the people she should see at Mrs. Ferrars' house, and to ride completely over his head. Yes, let her alone! She knew very well what she was about; no one need indoctrinate her! Accordingly no sooner was Mr. John Lodge seated in his aeoustomed plaoe, his eyes fixed on Grace in their accustomed manner, and his hands in his pockets safe out of the way, than Graoe, without any preface whatever, aimed the following clumsy blow at his happiness." "I am going to London, Mr. Lodge, to see Yietorine, and very likely shall get married there." John opened his eyes as wide as they would go, but beyond what sounded like a gasp, he made no observation whatever. "Yea," continued Grace, flinging about in fine style, " Yietorine says I'm sure to get married. Bhe told me of a gentleman in par ticular who would just do." Still no answer; but eyes and mouth both wide open. More blank dismay couli not have been depicted on any human face. The blow had evidently staggered him. "The gentleman I mean," continued Graoe, turning to account a few random speeches of Yiotorine's," is very rich indeed, and keeps a pair of horses. It wUI be very nioe, will it not, Mr. Lodge?" " Very nioe," repeated John, in a voioe that might have come from a sepulchre. "I should like to marry a gentleman above all things," continued Grace, more than ever piqued at his silence; "a man who knows what to say for himself. Besides, Mrs. Verrara has each grand sooisty in London, and whon I have ] once had a taate of that, it will ssem so dul} coming hack haw to nothinf and ■■ibdy^- : "Hotbing and nobody/ echoed JobviaJhe same eharoel-hoase tone* ■■ MI haTe been making aonw new it ami on pnrpoM to go in," said Grace, exultirigly i *yoa may be rare I •hall Mt mjaelf off to the beet advantage. It is but fair, ian't it, Mr. Lodge? So," oontinned Grace, "if 70a Borer ate me again, yon matt not be surprised; and you ought to be very glad that I have anoh a good opportunity of tattling myself in the world." Hare yon no pity, Oraee t He ie stack ac fall of piercing daggers a* Julia* Csmr was. You mutt not think he hae no feeling juet be» cause he hae aat like % dummy to be ahot at. Each one of those elumey wounds will hurt him for a month to come. He, Grace! Are you thirsting for his blood? John Lodge had oome little prepared for this rude attack. If you had asked him what his feelings were juet then, he would hare said he hardly knew, but it waa most like being met and ■tabbed. He oould bear no more of it, so he got up, and shambled off as well aa hie wounds would let him. Grace felt angry that her victim had escaped. She grudged his getting off without the loiah ing touch. He had, after all, said nothing, and what was worse, she might have overshot the mark, and driven him away for good. Ivan lovers do not like to be poignarded. The next morning Arthur returned home, very much exhausted with over-excitement and fatigue. He wanted care and sympathy, and called for Grace, but no Grace was to be found. No one knew what had. happened to her. Yes, one thing had happened to her. She had, some time ago, looked herself up in the spare bed room, and had never been heard of since. Arthur, whose nerves were thoroughly shaken, and who was ready to see a spectre m every corner, ran up stairs, and rapped loudly* at the door. But Grace was as still as a mouse. She would not, for the world, have Arthur know what she was doing. He rapped again; then, seriously alarmed, pushed at the door so vio lently that it flew open, and disclosed the igmre of Grace, like the Syracusan phantom, " sweep* ing, vehemently sweeping," her sleeves tacked 1 up, an apron before her, and on her head a species of cap it would be unbosoming in us to describe. Grace had a panacea for every woo, a ' safety valve that oould carry off any amount of irritation. She had more than forgotten the disappointment of yesterday. "I cannot help it, Arthur," she exclaimed; "Viotorine left the room in such a state, and Jane has not half swept it The dust lies in the comers, an inch thick. Servants are such——'' But Arthur heard no more. He ran down stairs far more expeditioualy than he had oome up, and fled into his studio, as if all the house maids in creation had been at his heels. That night, Grace was roused from her sleep bj the intelligence that Arthur was seriously ill. And very ill he was; for when she went into his room he oould not speak a coherent word. It proved to be a nervous fever, and woe be to the patient with such a disorder whom Grace h*d to nune! To be sure, for a few days, while he was at his worst, she did admirably. Her Marthas and her Janes were forgotten in the ap palling sight of Arthur's restless eyes, and the sound of his delirious ravings. But no sooner was he out of danger—and this happened very speedily, for he was young, and of an unbroken constitution—than she relapsed into her old ways. She began the skirmishing down stairs, and the cleaning, and the scrubbing, and the scolding, just as actively as ever. Poor Arthur was entirely at her mercy, and it was astonishing how she contrived to torment him. She would dust his room every morning, taking the prefliout opportunity of routing out his cupboards and setting them thoroughly to rights. Then, when this was over, and he had fallen into a dose, she would wake him up by bringing her work, and rattling it against her gown and rattling the bobbins of cotton in her work-box. Then, every quarter Of an hour, she would come to the bed-side to ask him whether he felt sny better, and whether he did not wish to have his face washed. Poor Arthur was very weary of his illness and of Grace; and yet it would be a long time before he was likely to get rid of either. He had written at last to Yiotorine, aad had commissioned Grace to send her the news of his illness. He felt as if it were his own bringing on. If he had not looked at his picture, the catastrophe might not have happened. It was a disordered brain that had done the mischief. He longed to tell his adventure to Yiotorine, and to hear how wisely and kindly she would lay this spectre as she did the other. Yietorine seemed to be his only safeguard. Sometimes he thought he would.talk to Grace, his distress of mind was so extreme. He wanted sympathy, and Grace was his sister and loved him dearly. How he wished she were not so unoomfortably domestic! However, he would try. "Grace, dear," said he, "I want totajk to you." " Very well," said Grace. "Do wait a minute. I must just finish this button-hole. How, then, what do you want to say f" And she came to tte bedside, her needle in her hand, and making a great knot at the end of her-cotton. " Had you not better have your bed made ? And your face wants washing dreadfully." " Never mind my face," said he. M Bit down, Grace—l want to ask you a question.'* " Well, what is it ?" she asked. "Do you think it possible," said Arthur, his voice trembling very much, "do you think it possible—mind, I do not say it is, but such un accountable things do happen—do you think it possible that—that—a person who has died can appear again ?" "■Dear me, Arthur, have you been seeing the ghost of the dead woman ?" exclaimed Grace, in a tone of curiosity—"lady, I mean?" she added, correcting herself. Arthur felt jarred upon through his whole frame. It was impossible to hold any inter course with Grace; still, he would try again. " Not exactly a ghost," said he, " but a mys terious vision. If you had seen it, should you believe it?" "Not a bit," she replied. "I should feel sure it was only some one dressed up, or per haps a walking-ttick with a turnip at the top." "That will do, Grace; I have nothing more to ask," said, Arthur, turning over. " Then you will not let me wash your face?" said Grace. " No, thank you; let me alone," said Arthur, peevishly. Grace went back to her work in high dudgeon, and rattled her bobbins of cotton more loudly than ever. The greater distance there was be tween the earthern vessel and the vessel of brass the bettor. Arthur gave way to despondency. There was no repose for him from morning tiD ajght. Ho almost wished so die. But denVeraaee wm at driven him distaacted by throwing: up the cinders on the hearth with a terrible clatter, grumbtmf all the- time about the ire-irons being so "shamefully neglected," just when Arthur had requested her to leave the room, and Grace's temper had broken out, and there wm going to be a passage, at-arms—m glided Yiotorine, hi an elegant traveffing-drest, looking the very picture of all that wm tranquil, ladylike, and benig nant Her entrance brought a foaling of calm ness along with it She mads no commotion— she might hare been there all along. She merely laid aside her bonnet, and came up to Arthur, and said that she wm come to nurse him. And then she bathed his forehead, and drew down the blind, that Grace would have up, that she might see to stitch her wristband, and diffused such a sensation of extreme com fort that Arthur felt in paradise. She would not let Urn talk. He must lie passive in her hands. She got rid of Grace, and Grace's work, and took undisputed possession of the room. And oh! it wm eiyaimm, the delicious unbroken quietude. Whatever she did was so noiulsss, so well timed, so thoughtful. He might well date his recovery from the moment that he saw her. "How very kind of you to come, Yietorine," seid he. "How Tory, Tory kind! And Ido not deserve it Wfll you hoar my oonfossion P" « Vet tffl you are l)etter,"sl» replied. "You must keep your oonseienee burdened a little longer." "Oh. no,it is that makes me 01!" he ex claimed. " I have been looking at the picture, Yietorine." "Iguessedmmuch,"saidVictoTine. "But we win not talk of the picture now. I want you to admire my bouquet. See, I shall put it on this stand where you can lie and look at if "Thanks, dearest, you are my better angel,* said he. "Butdoletme toll you. It win re lieve my mind. Yietorine, come here. I have seen her again. 1* Yietorine stood beside him, and her free looked ghastly pale. "Ah, I see 70a are alarmed," eontmued Arthur 1 "but it is a real solemn foot. I have seen her again." He related the whole story, and by the time he had flushed Victoria* had suflaently re covered herself to My, calmly, "I can only re* peat what I said before 1 and this illnsss eon vbcM me lam right I would have you send away that picture." Arthur wm silent lor a few minutes, then said, m if making a great effort, "Yes, Yioto rine, I will try to send away that picture." Yietorine's eyes sparkled with joy. "Bat if, when the picture is gone," eontmued Arthur, with a melancholy smile,«if even then I should sm her r "That is not likely to happen," said Yieto rine quickly ; «the spell would be broken." Arthur shook hie bead. "Thenl would have you go abroad,'* said Yietorine. *. " Hot without you, Yietorine," he replied. "I will go with you wherever you please," said Yietorine, with an irresistible tenderness in her tone and manner. "Dearest Yiotorine! I am cored only, by looking at you," said Arthur. "Your face is so kind and so calm. lam afraid my vaprks wOl weary you." "No, no, Arthur, you are more likely to weary of me, and go roaming after your god dess," said Yietorine, smiling. " But I wfll run the risk of that." " Especially m she is dead," returned Arthur, with emphasis. The remembrance of this fact oomforted Vie" tonne greatly. OXARBB X. "I norm you will excuse the observation, Grace j bat when we go to places of amusement, it would be m well if you did not stare about you quite so much. It is not usual in a certain rank of life." Vietorine, for it wm she who spoke, wm bead, ing over her embroidery frame, in Mrs. Ferrers' drawing-room, and Grace, who.never oould be made to regard the proprieties of time and place, wm mending a stocking, a heap of the same lying before her. Arthur wm now quite recovered from his fllnees, and he and Grace were paying the promised visit to Chester Square. "I stare about me beoaase I have never seen the things before, and I want to look at them," replied Grace, bluntly. "It is very natural," continued Vietorine, " but it looks countrified. Well-bred persons are supposed to have seen everything before. It is a crime not to have done so in the fashion able world." " I never wm in the fashion, thank goodness!" cried Grace, biting off the ends of cotton, " and Ido not want to be, either. What is the good of coming to London, if one may not look about oneP" Yietorine slightly shrugged her shoulders. " And another thing," she continued, " the popular feeling here is against a violent mixture of colors. If I wore a blue gown, I would dis pense with a cherry colored jacket. It is an outrage against taste; Arthur would toll you so." " Arthur! What does he know of colors P It is the jacket I made myself, and I mean to wear it, in spite of everybody," said Grace, stoutly. " And I should not talk so much of making things yourself, if I were you," pursued Victo rine) "young ladies, in good society, do not generally make their own dresses. I should keep that accomplishment in the background." " I wonder what young ladies in good society do d 6 P" retorted Grace, rudely. " Nothing but idle their time away over bits of embroidery and muslin work. They do not even keep their houses dean," she added, glancing round the room. Yietorine raised her handsome eyebrows in token of disdain, bat she mads no .reply, and went on with her embroidery. It wm foolish even to attempt arguing with Grace. Grace felt angry at being found fault with, and in order to revenge herself, sat mending stock ings through a whole bevy of fashionable callers, let oat everything she ought to have concealed, talked of dressmaking, and washing, and iron* ing, and pickling, and preserving—in fact, made herself so odious that Victorine's politeness could hardly ca ry her through. Then, as soon m the visitors were gone, Grace, who wm in a thoroughly tormenting humor, went to harass Arthur, who wm painting in the library, about ' the state of things,' the * goings-on' in that house. She never saw such a place in her whole life, never! It wm shamefully duty. The rooms not a quarter swept; the carpeta not taken up from year's end to year's end! She knew, though Arthur did not, that the curtains to his bed m smothered with duet. >^H fr Mffr^lW*fr' in*tol •emnte did, .6 W&l33fc; 4»d « &r; Yieto rine—-". "Come, come, «net! that is quite enough, •ad mow t»m enough, 1* Mid Arthur i" Ido »* with to hear another word.** w Bat ytm shell hear it!* said Grace. "It is quite rigLt 70a should know what fort of » woman you ar* going to narry."4 « Grace " b«gsn Arthur. " And that she knows noihiaf of honsokMp ing, tho Imt bit in the world," Mid his sister 1 "and ism » "Grace!" he said again. " Dirty and untidy behind the somes ** MOno*! w This wm wm loud and angry. "As any jlut mthe three kingdoms *» "Grace, leave the room tfrfr instant!" Mid Arthur; and he rose, and striding to the door, held it open for her. Ho was in hia wrathful mood, and she dar«d not resist him. Oat the flounced, rewired to pay htm off, and Yiotorine too, by going with them to the opera that night, arrayed in all the color* of the rainbow, and etaring about her twice m mneh w ever. Bat Arthur was nerer to be trifled with. He wu always a match, and more than a match, lor Grace. He would not allow it 1 and joetM they were ready to start, he laid his hand on her shoulder. "Yietorine," Mid he, "will you be kind enough to make Grace fit to be seen r So Grace had to submit, and to hare all her rainbow ineiy taken off, and to be dressed in simple white, with jtussmias in her hair. She raged inwardly j hut Arthur, the brother, was gore, and that other Arthur bad come book, m he always did under extreme prorooation, ©old, stern, and unyielding. Grace knew better than to flght the battle out with bin, so she husbanded her revenge for another time. Bat she could stare about her. That small piece of malioe was stui in her power, and her great round eyes wandered here and there, and took strange liberties with the grandees in the neighboring boxes. Then she was always My ing in a loud whisper to Yietorine, "Whois that woman there in pink V "For goodness sake, Grace, hush! or she will hear you" said Yietorine. Mlt is the Honorable Mrs. Dawton." "Oh," said Grace; "and it that man with her her husband P" Bat Grace had, by-aod-hy, something else to think about. About the middle of the erening, there was rather a commotion behind her, and a young man entered the box. He ni dressed in the height of the fashion. His white hand kerchief scented with musk until the very air wm redolent of it, his spy-glass in his eye, and his whole appearance that of a consummate dandy. "MiM Femurs! most delighted! charmed! happy! 1* And he pot out a small, white, jewelled hand. "Found you at last. Nothing could be more agreeable. Friends of yours, eh X and he looked coolly at Grace and Arthur through his eye-glass. "Friends from the country, my lord," replied Yietorine, making room for him to sit beside her. "Oh, indeed! really! ah! most charmed! delighted!" And he smiled benignantly at Arthur, who returned his civility very coldly, and with an inward ejaculation of " What a 000 -fonnded puppy!" This might be the young nobleman Yiotorine had told him of, and the* thought jarred upon his feelings. "Arthur," whispered Grace, very much ex cited, and clutching him by the arm, " that is a lord, that is!" and she pointed towards the new comer. "Silence, Grace!" said Arthur, sternly. "But it is," persisted Gaaee; "Yietorine said so i and only see how she is going on with him. I would look sharp after her, if I were you. Perhaps she will jilt you," "Arthur," said Yiotorine, "allow me to in troduce Lord Wileox. Lord Wiloox, Mr. Leslie." " Most happy to make your acquaintance, Mr. Leslie," said the dandy, showing his white teeth, that glistened like a row of pMrls. Arthur bowed distantly, and then turned away, as if be meant to give his whole attention to what was going on upon (he stage. It wm M Norms," one of his favorite operas. He had heard it many times before, but could never weary of its deep, passionate, thrilling pathos. It would have absorbed his whole attention now, if he had not bean placed in circumstances so utterly distracting. It wm evident that Yietorine and Lord Wiloox were on excellent terms with each other. Yietorine looked provokingly handsome, and she made herself remarkably agreeable—more agree able, Arthur thought, than there wm the leaat necessity for. What wm Lord Wiloox to Arthur Leslie's affianced bride P Nothing whatever. And yet, how she smiles at him, and how witty and bril liant she is! Why need she have pot on that becoming dress to-night, of all othersi? She did not the last time they were here. Confound him, how he stares at her throughl bis eye-glass! How he admires her! How he whispers in her ear. They need not keep up that horrid chattering. They need not put their heads so dose together. ' How hot the place is, to be sure! Arthur hates this flutter of feathers and laces—this con gregation of fops and fools, No one thinks of rationally listening to the mosic. That would be too unfashionable. 80 these geese must cackle, and these peacocks show their feathers. Arthur wm getting horribly jealous, quite into an excited state of mind; the more so as Yicto rine took no notice of his airs, bat let him enjoy them entirely to himself. Grace, as usual, made matters worse by put* ting a finger in the pie. She wm constantly whispering, "Only look, Arthur! Well, I never! I wonder what will come next." * • " I am quite sure Yietorine means to marry him. A lord is a lord, you know, Arthur." • * «I should not like it if I were you. Everybody will say she and Lord Wiloox are going to make a match of it. Loot at her now, Arthur!" But Arthur did not look, and did not hear. Another object had presented itself before him. In one of the boxes, not far off, there seemed to rite up, m if by magic, so strange and on looked for wm the apparition, a tall majestic figure; and the sight of a magnificent faoe, and tresses of golden hair, caused a tremor to run through his whole frame. He turned gbactlj pale. He held his breath in wonder. His eyes were rivetted "on the spot. Strange that this dead Constance should be ever at his side, that the tomb should be so slight a barrier. Behold her in all her beauty! It is she herself—the whose image baa never departed from his memory, whom be has loved deeply, dm. sionately, hopelessly. Let the gay scene flutter before him; let the rich musio pour its swelling notes) let the delineation of human passion and human woe go forward; Ist Yietorine trifle m she will, and Grace fling her clumsy arrows, it matters nothing. He is looking oa his idol— bis Juno! There U w> orie present with him but Constance. «Tho place b smpty of Mgbt brthwiAodlMrbMßtjfiUtitflNNtwtiMlj. He loe*s to reach her. He woald *** out hfc arms to her, but he feele paralysed. He would call to her, bat hU voice woald net be heard, he prays that the vision may last. Ha would look upon that foe for ever—it it to glorious! Alm! another moment, and it is not there. It has deputed, jut m it did before, and he is left alone and desolate. There it nothing of inte rest here now the is gone. The place ia a soli tude. It is intolerable. He will go out, and he roee up | and under the plea of fatigue, the re colt of weakneee after hie reoent illness, left the hooee. It wm late before the party retained, and Yietorine wont at onoa to the library in eeareh of Arthur. He waa pacing op and down, almoet in a state of delirium. Bheeloatd the door, and eaae and stood before him. " What ist he matter, Arthur? Are you ill r "I have seen her—l hare seen be»r heoried, passionately. "It is no delusion—she wm there!" Yiotorine started, and gaTe a alight shudder. " Her glorious face, and hair like an angers, rose up before me," hecontinued t "then, a* it alwas does, the vision laded just when it was most beautiful. I followed, thinking to find her. Oh, fool! When she was no reality, but a phantom! Yiotorine, lam mad!** . ■ "Comeand sit down,- said Yietorine, -and let me reason with you." MI tell you I aaw her, ac I might ase you. I am past reasoning with. She mo* lire! She must five!" cried Arthur, paerionatoly. M Hush, hush, Arthur, you are impious," said Yietorine. " Ho, not impious, but despairing," he replied* «I toll you she urea—she was thereto** a spirit wear the garb of mortality at she did j Are their eyes bright, and their lipe>wmilliouP Can they lire, and walk, and breathe, and go oa t and come in amongst us, and be of us* Then, if they cannot, Oonstanoe Is no phantom, but a reality. "You aaw her tomb, and the old man told you she was dead," said Yiotorine, calmly i " the proofi of her death are too obstinate to be over come. The wealth of a world could not bring hfr back." " Ah, I knew what you would say," returned Arthur. You give me no hope. You are re moneleu, Victorine—retnomlees as the very grave!" " From my heart I pity you," said Victorine " I would bring her back if I could, eren at the purchase of my life's happiness. You forgot/ she added, with a mixture of pride and tender, ness that became her admirably, "youforget she is my rival." "Yiotorine, bear with me," said Arthur, t*u> drely. " This phantom tampers with my reason It mooks me like a fiend. Moreover, it brings delirium with it. Can you forgive meP" be said, and he held eat hie hand. She took his cold trembling hands, and chafed them in hers. "For your own sake, Arthur, cannot you abake off this delusion?" said Yietorine. " Cannot your strong will hold it in cheek P" " I have tried, but it moms and comes again," he replied. "Did it not flash upon me in the churchyard, then in my very chamber, and now in that crowded assembly ? The strength of a nation would not keep it back." " You must do as I advised, and try change of scene," said Yietorine. " What would that avail F" he cried. « She has an angel's wing, and would follow me from shore to shore. Her very beauty has undone me!" Be calm, Arthur. You have ventured into the world too soon," said Yiotorine. " This is a physical derangement, and will only yield to returning strength. You must get strength bodily strength, I mean." " How can IP" he asked," when my mind is broken in upon by this phantom, lovely, but terrible P" "You are young, Arthur," aaid Yietorine, "and youth can live down many an enemy. This phantom will be left behind presently, and we shall get into a serener atmosphere. Let me, at least, advise one remedy—rest, sleep, it is almost daylight." " I cannot sleep," he replied | "it is folly to think of sleep tonight." "Lie down, at all event*,* said Yietorine, 11 and I will sing to you." « But you want rest," said he. « Bleep would come to you. There would be no phantom to drive it away.** "There are anxious thoughts that would," she replied. "Besides, lam not tired. I would rather sing than sleep." Arthur did not oppose her. She placed cushions under his aching head, and then sat down beside him, just as she was, ia ' her whit, drees; and the jewel* in her hair. Her voice was wonderfully sweet, no syren's could be sweeter. And she sang some verses of a German ballad: The water rush'd, the water swelled, the fither sat thereby; Cold and cruel his heart within, with keen and cautious eye; His angle and bait ia the waves he oast, and watched there quietly. Bilcnt he sits and lies in wait, when lo! with sudden might The reetleet flood divides amain, forth starts a lady bright j All dripping from the foaming tide, she rises before his sight. v To him (be spoke, to him she sang, « Wherefore doat tbou deooy My brood co dear, and their small lives with craft of man destroy P Ah! knewest thou this little fish, how happy in the sea, * The great deep sea, he sporteth now, thou wonldst deaoend with me. Do not the moon and the dear sun refresh themselves alway, And longing, turn their faces bright to where my waters play P Allures thee not this aiure aky within the ooean blue, And thine own aapect, strangely given, in the eternal dew?" The water ruah'd, the water sweH'd, it touoh'd his naked feet j Hia heart o'erflowed with music, and with her singing sweet, As though his distant dear one he did fondly greet. She spoke to him, she tang to him, she stole his life away i Half drew she him, half sank he then, within the foaming spray, And in her cold embrace the fisher passed away! Yietorine had won the game, and was deter mined she would not be baffled by a phantom. The next day, and the next, Arthur kept his room, and Yietorine devoted herself to him with the same affectionate tenderness that she had done before. She moved about with the came noiseless tread, and her presence had the same tranquilbeing effect. Arthur's nerves were shattered, hia mind unhinged t it seamed donil fal what th* result of these repeatedtttteoka would be, tad yet to ward them off waa im possible. Who ©ouM guard him from*sn*ote*f Oonstaaos was • more potent enemy than Yie torine h*4 d»ea*»*d *f, but shs disputed th* ground inch by inch. She redoubled her exer tions, and taxed her powers to the very utmost to bring hie mind into aome degree of nsimn— " You take • grat* deal of trouble, Victoria*," •aid her mother to her one day—"•bout Arthur I mean. I ihould advise him to oonaalt ft physician—Dr. Boadler for instane*-*Ad cc» what can be done." "That is just what I hare been ssjinf to him," replied Victoria, "but he aete doctors at delanoe. He U decidedly better, if to* psroxytm, er whatever you ehoote to call it, does not return." | Mlf he goes on in this w»y it will beaserioo* matter, Victoria.. You had better taiak » little," said Mrs. Ferrars, anziouily. MI am thinking erery s tep of the way, mamma," replied Victorine. " Well, my dear," oontinued her mother, Mof course you know yon own anVtrt best. I he** no wish to interfere | but, oontidering the ua* oertainty of poor dew Arthur's health, I wooli not let the world look upon yow engagement a* ' him as a settled thing. It would be sobs pleasant afterwardi. Do you not think to f» "Kxoeedingly unpleasant, mamma," Mid Yietorine. l "WeU. my dear," oontinued Mr.. Femra, uas &r; as poor dear Arthur is ooaoeroed, w* know he is the Tery soul of honor and aprighs nsss i but with this terrible malady, or whatever eke it may be, it is not posnbls to rely apes him, as if he were in a sounder state of health* That, in my mind, is a aad drawback to yow happiness. Has it never ooeurred to yoa P* « The time is not come for it to oooar to mm mamma," said Yietorine, smiling ooldly.. It was a smils thai, like a deadly Might, seemed to wither her beauty. Her faos did sot look the same with that smile upon it. Another moment, and she was by Arthur's side, aU soft* ness and serenity. ' Arthur was lying on the sofa in the drawing* room | he hated to hare Yietorine out of kit tight, and felt childishly impatient fos her to oome back. He was getting quite a tyrant is his way, and as exigent as he oould be. Psr hapa his nnreasonableneas grew withindulgsoasv He wai petted like a child, and was boeomiag folly as capricious. " I want you to ring to me again, Yietoriat," •aid he, half pettishly. • "With all my heart," she replied. "But Whitehall it beP" " Anything you like," said Arthur, * provided it is sweet and plaintivs." She tat down and sang, and when she gary over he asked her to sing again i and ah* aaag again without the least appearance of efort *r ntign*. [*o m ooktvkjjw» Wi lean from Dublin that th« Sxoovtivo made considerable preparation to preserve tho ' PMM durinf the anises at Drogheda. Fifty. 4ve constables wen drafted from outlying eta tiooi, and a troop of dragoons armed, tngithor with the available force of the 6th Ftnmsat. Tbete operations, it it understood, vert deemed necessary on aoeoant of the attitude atsomod by the local aathoritiee toward* Judge Koogkj the foreman of the Grand Jury, as eeniar justice, having headed a lift of cix magistrates calling an indignation meeting to denounce him. The meeting wae preeided over by the) •Mayor, whose name it united in the oommietioa for holding the uiiin. The Judge wae hooted while passing through Drogheda at the oloee of the assises. One man wae arreeted, and wm fined 6d. by the Mayor. Thb Bam Franeiteo ChronieU speaks of tho •beep m a public enemy on the Paoiie Slop* and in explanation eaye:—lt is a orime against humanity for one man to own $0,000 aoree of land which he oannot eultirate, and which ho utilises only by allowing sheep to roam over it, which he is holding for •peculation, in the hop* that somebody else's induitry and toil wU make it valuable. It is neither right nor poUtte for a small farmer to be Used at the rate of 49 dollars per acre for the land made valuable by his labor, while the great land-owner escapee taxation because he prefers to raise sheep. These lands, great and small, should be taxed at the real value of their acreage, that value to De estimated at what they would be worth if subdivided and sold to emigrants in email lots. This policy would soon depopulate California of sheep, and populate it with the more prof table animal,,man. Ovb readers will remember that a sub-intpoo tor of police named Montgomery wae tried coao time since for the murder of the manager of Urn Newtownstewart Bank, and that the jury eoald not agree. A second trial has just taken place. The evidence was similar to that adduced oa the first ooeasion. Judge Barry, in his addrew to the jury, referring to the pecuniary evidence, said the only value of this evidenoe wae to strengthen the probability of a man doing sash a dreadful deed. The learned judge asked the jury not to lay much stress on Moore's evidence as to the prisoner showing guilty knowledge when speaking to him, and also not to plats nndue importance' in the prisoner's tsle graphing under suspicious circumstances, and! advised them, on this point, to give tfa» prisoner the benefit of the doubt. The leaned Judge said it was for the jury to decide what Montgomery wae doing in the bank between half-past S and 8 o'clock on the day of the murder, but he would not advise them to attach too great stress on the abeenoe of evidence am the part of the prisoner. If they had any rational doubt in their mind as to his guilt the* by all means acquit him, bat in the absence of that rational doubt, then bring in a verdict of guilty. He hoped God would direct them to a righteous verdict. The jury returned into Goart, having deliberated for twelve hoars. The foto» man said there was not the slightest ohanee of their agreeing to a verdtot. His Lordship dis charged them, and adjourned the Court intil March 27, when another trial will take place. ~ Thi Court of Issues af the CKronde his joet commenced the trial of a man named Jem Mano, who has acquired the unenviable title of the Bordeaux Troppman, on the charge of murdering five persons. The prisoner, who ie 29 years of age, was a rural postman, and had married a relative of the same name, and lived with her family, consisting of the father, Arnaud, 62 j the mother, Marie, 54 j Jeanne, the prisoner's wife, 81» Mine, 6; and Maria, not one year old (the latter were the children of ' the murderer), at a farm called Taetous, in tb« commune of Barp. The habile of the accused were extremely irregular, as he was addicted to gambling and drinking, end his oondnct led to frequent quarrels between him and his wife and her father and mother. At last, on April 10, 1872, the fact was discovered that a terrible murder bad been committed at the farm. Tho mother and the daughter, Jeanne, w«re found lying dead between the house and (he ban, with their skulls fractured | the old father was discovered not far off with his fase to tbo ground, and two deep wounds in the back of the head. The two littl« girls were in tho house, with their heads frightfully battered. Circumstances excited suspioion against tho prisoner, and he was arrested, when his olothee were found stained with blood. The instrument with whioh the crime was committed, » pk>s> axe, was afterwards discovered in a barn. What renders the matter more tragioal is that tho principal witness against the accused is his ova ton, Beraardin, aged seven years, who, with a younger brother, was spared in the groom! Baesaara. Mano hae been fouad guilty, tod csataaeod to hard labor for life, m * 