WELCOME TO MB. HENRY REED. A tea and public meeting took place on Tuesday evening at the old Wesleyan Chapel, Patterson-street, to welcome the return to the colony, after an absence of six and twenty years, of Mr Henry Reed, a member, class-leader, and lay preacher of the Wesleyan denomination, who, with Mrs Reed and family, came to Melbourne by the Sobraon, and arrived at Launceston by the Derwent on Saturday last. Considerable interest was excited among the Wesleyans as well as members of other denominations, especially those who had the pleasure of knowing Mr Reed at the earlier period of his residence in this colony, and in connection with the Sunday School and Methodist Society, in promoting which that gentleman took an active and a memorable part. To the young people the occasion was fraught with interest, partly from feelings of curiosity, but principally from the repute of a worthy family, about whom so much had been said and written. A very neat and appropriate work of art was conspicuously placed on the wall behind the platform, in the nature of the word WELCOME, formed of leaveB and flowers. A number of flags of all shapes and colors were hung about the room, and the tables, which were laid out with much good taste, were orna mented with a profusion of flowers of the season in handsome vases, giving a pretty effect to the whole scene. A number of ladies undertook the duty of presiding at the tables. The company comprised 300 or 400 ladies and gentlemen, who could not but have felt satisfied with the quality and abundance of the sandwiches, cake, pastry, fruit, and other items of the bill of fare provided by Mr H. J. Dean, the caterer. After tea, the more intellectual proceedings commenced andthe platform was taken possession of by those who were to take part in the proceedings and other principal friends, including Mr Reed (guest of the evening), Revs. N. Bennett (Chairman of the District), White, and Nye (Circuit ministers), Greer (of Deloraine), Charles Price (Congregational minister), Messrs Drysdale, Douglas, Rodham, Norwood, Hart, andothers. There were also near the platform the Hon. W. D. Grubb, M.L.C., Mrs Grubb, Mr F. W. Grubb, D. Ritchie, A. M. Milligan, the Worshipful the Mayor of Launceston (Mr John Murphy) and Mrs Murphy, &c.;, &c.; The orchestra part of the platform was occupied by Mr F. Stanfield and the church choir, assisted by members of other choirs. Miss Pollard presided at the Mason and Hamlin organ. After a hymn had been sung, the Rev. Mr Nye offered prayer, and at the instance of the Rev. J. White, the Rev. N. Bennett took the chair and expressed his pleasure at meeting his old friends in Launceston, where he had spent four happy years, a pleasure which was enhanced by the fact that they had assembled to welcome an old and dear friend, unknown to himself, but well-known to many who had assembled there to do him honor. He (the Chairman) trusted the friends would co-operate •with Mr Seed in his work, endeavoring to open up spheres of usefulness; and to aid in the good work of saving their fellowtownsmen. The choir having sung a piece, The Rev. J. White said his duty was to present Mr Reed with an address, which had been written somewhat hurriedly, but would be engrossed, and handed to that gentleman in a finished state. Mr White then read the address, which was signed by the Circuit ministers and circuit stewards. Mr Reed, who was loudly and enthusiastically applauded, spoke to the following effect;— MY DEAB FRIENDS,—I never stood up in this place without a conviction that God's ways are wonderful, but I feel that nothing lias been more wonderful in ray career than His bringing me back, like Abraham of old, to this place. I have seen a wonderful work in connection with this school and town, and some of you tell me you are my children in the Lord. "What a pleasure it is to find them still on the Bock of Ages. May the Lord keep them faithful unto death, and then give them a crown of life ! I adore Him I am in your midst. Some of our children were suffering from spasmodic asthma, and it was thought that the sea voyage and the beautiful climate, through the blessing of our Heavenly Father, would restore them ; and I am thankful to Bay I believe that already they have been blessed with improved health, and I hope they will be effectually restored. Now before coming here I heard of your having gone backwards; but I find Launceston has made great progress, the place is as beautiful as ever, and we meet, not as Methodists, but as those engaged in the cause of Christ. Nothing could give me greater pleasure than to see his "Worship the Mayor of Launccston present (loud applause). I think if we cultivated the spirit of love, and if our object is the glory of God, God will be in our midst and will bless us. On board ship we had a family altar, as there should always be, morning and evening, and as we gave a general invitation to the passengers, we had members of the Church of England, Baptists, and Boman CatholicB with us. It was delightful to see members of different churches assembled together statedly on the mighty deep. I will not now attempt to say much. Since I left these shores God has been with me, and I have put my trust and confidence in Him. I recommend you to do the same, and to believe everything God says. I think we may believe what He says. There iB only one thing God cannot do, lie cannot lie ; and if he cannot lie, believe what he says. If he says " The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin" believe it, because he savs it. Always let the foundation of your faith be the Word of God, and if that be the foundation, it is a good foundation. If God says "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou slialt be saved," believe it, simply because God declares it; and so with everything else spoken by the Infinite. There is another thing besides believing; what is it ? Obey God--do what God tells you. If you want peace and happiness, let me earnestly and affectionately beseech you to avoid doing anything tiiat is doubtful. Let all doubtful things alone; don't touch them. And we might come to particulars. Many things are done that are not always prudent ; avoid doubtful things — anything you are not fully persuaded about, don't do it. Never put a pipe m your mouth, never, unless you are fully persuaded God approves of it. And you, dear women, never dress in a way that God does not approve; if the Holy Ghost condescends to make reference to woman's dress, be assured it is a matter of the greatest importance; and if God said you are not to do a doubtful thing, and that every man should be fully persuaded in his own mind, if you are not persuaded give your soul the benefit of the doubt. If not, you may make a doubtful death bed. The Lord help us to begin to-night to put away all doubtful things. And as to habits of dress, matters of business, in regard to our associations, to be fully persuaded in our own minds that what we do is pleasing to God, and secure the "Well done, good, and faithful servants." We must begin at home; dear William there, my brother-inlaw, and dear Henry, my cousin, begin by putting away doubtful things and giving our undivided hearts to God; do all to the glory of God. If we desire to do so the Master will help us, and we shall have the unction of the Holy One, who will teach us all things and guide us into all truth. Since I have been away I have attended many meetings, and one of the last things done by my dear friend, the Rev. W. Pennefather, was to assist in getting up a meeting at the Conference Hall, Mfidmay Park, when ihere were about 1400 workers of all denominations, Quakers and Quakeresses, ministers and workers of every Church, at which I attended, and a little address was delivered by me. I mention it to show that our work has not been in connection especially with one Church. Being a Methodist, and having joined this little Church I have remained since, and I am still a class leader. I asked one of the ministers just now if he ever saw a class book like that; I never had one absent. A good deal of our work is in the open air. AVe have been a good deal in Scotland. In Edinburgh alone ten churches were offered. AVe have been striving to work in harmony,. to avoid everything of a kind to create discussion, and our object and our motto have been "Jesus only." I believe I am i;oing to give an address on Sunday evening. Before that service, my dear wife and myself, and the man I got coming out, an Evangelist (Cameron), who had been lifted up from the pit. I said to him, "I think the colony will suit you, and you will do well for a coachman for me, and then you can preach as you go along. Therefore at the service on Sunday we shall have Cameron and my wife in the open air, and we shall sing to the chapel—church you. call it, I hope your respectability will not be offended; many churches die from respectability (a laugli). Now my dear wife, she's very obedient, bless her, will sing. Come here, Margajcert dear (laughter and applause). Mrs Reed here left the table at which she ihad been sitting, and was escorted to the platform amid applause. Mr Reed said if they would allow him he would give a memento of their meeting. He then requested some halfdozen friends to assist in distributing it, which was cherfully undertaken. The memento consisted of "The Pioneer Hymn Book," compiled by Henry Reed, and published by S. W. Partridge, and Co. It contains 527 hymns, many of them apparently new, with index; the book is neatly bound, with thename on the centre of the outside cover, and the motto " JeBUB only" at the top, in letters of gold. There were two pamphlets, one containing Mr Reed's address to the Christian Workers of London, and the other " Incidents of an Eventful Life," in which Mr Seed's name frequently occurs, being Nos. 1 and 2 of Dunorlan tracts, twentieth thousand, published by Morgan and Scott, London. A set of three books was handed to each person present, which was received with evident respect and pleasure. Mr Reed said for many years in every service, whether in the House of God, the corner of a room, or in the open air, he had been accustomed to read a portion of God's Word. He therefore proposed to read a portion then, and prayed that the Holy Spirit would bless to them the reading of His own truth. He then read the 23rd l'salm. Mrs Reed, who on rising received a kind and friendly greeting, spoke as follows :— FEIENDS,—I should like to say a few words. I believe it is the wish of some that I should say a few words. I feel the deepest gratitude to the people of this country for the kind reception they have given us. In coming out we were not happily circumstanced as to spiritual tilings, and I did not feel sorry at the termination of the voyage ; but I may say as soon as we entered the river the home feeling came on me. I felt to-night among friends (cheers). I had no doubt you would give my husband a very hearty welcome, especially those who knew him formerly, but I had no expectation of such a kind welcome to myself (cheers), and I feel I should like to live here all my days. AVhen I look back to our residence in that dear place Harrogate for the last three years, I must say I owe everything to Jesus. I could not Bpeak to-niglit but for his blessed Spirit helping me. It has been a great trial to me, but when I sec the Lord opening the way I never dare to draw back. As far as I know my heart, it is my determination to follow him fully, to be as Jesus was, always about my Master's business, and feeling it to be my meat and drink to do His will. I desire to have but one object- to glorify God, and finish the work lie has given me to do. That is my only object in coming out here, I have no desire but to glorify God. And I may say that regarding the position of this place nothing can satisfy me but seeing souls saved. AVe have oome down here to-night with that design. It may be that some are here who once enjoyed fellowship with the Lord; we have been praying that such may be brought back to the Good Shepherd. Young friends, my heart yearns over you. I remember the time when I was young, when the Holy Spirit strove with me. I tried for a long time to have a little of the world and a little of Jesus, but it would not do. It was only when I gave up all, and accepted Christ in his fulness, that reBt, peace, and happiness followed in my heart; and blessed be God I have these to-night. O dear friends, what can we do with half a heart ? Jesus kept nothing back from us, Jesus laid down his life, he made himself of no reputation, took upon him the form of a Bervant, and humbled himself even unto death, and can we keep back anything from him ? Oh no ! We can never enjoy Jesus fully while such aheart is in us. lean teU you that from experience. Oh that by God's grace and the power of the Holy Spirit I may induce some dear young person to lay aside every weight, follow Jesus fully, and then I know you will be happy. AVhen I sing I can't do it but by the Holy Spirit helping me. Look up to God that I may sing aright. Mrs Eeed then sang in a clear, sweet voice, the 526th hymn in the " Pioneer" book— AVhile passing a garden I paused to hear, &c.; Which was followed by enthusiastic applause, the company, at Mr Heed's request, singing over the last verse, which had a pretty effect. Mr Heed continued his remarks, and said they thus saw that God had given him a helper ; they worked together, and the Lord was with them. He then related some instances of good in England from the singing of Mrs Reed, spoke of Squire Brooks, of Knaresborongh, a coworker in the Lord's cause, and said they expected to work in Tasmania; he believed ministers would join. He wished it to be distinctly understood that their object was not to make proselytes ; if God made them useful let them remain in the church to which they belonged. They did not wish to induce any individual to leave the church with which he was con- nected, but they would press every one to make a full surrender of his heart to God. Let them have no talk about Methodism ; he (Mr Reed) was no proslytiser ; let their work be for JeBus, and for Jesus only. He did not ask them to lift up the church, let their eye be single, and let them seek as their only object the glory of God; and they would have a glorious work in Tasmania. Let them begin by laying aside every weight. There were thousands in the world, members of Christian churches, who did not belong to Christ. In the course of his remarks he intimated that Mrs Reed was a member of the Church of England. In conclusion, he said, they were prepared to work in harmony with Christians of every name. The Lord bless them and make them a blessing. Amen, (cheers). The Hon. Mr Grubb, M.L.O., as senior Circuit Steward, in a brief speech congratulated Mr and Mrs Reed on their arrival 26 years after Mr Reed's departure from the port in the Loclmagar, and 26 years that day -since he finally left George Town, the vessel having been obliged to put back. He remarked that it augured well for Tasmania, and he (Mr Grubb) was quite sure both were determined to do their Master's will wherever it pleased him to cast their lot. He hoped they would not only remain here for twelve months, but tliat they would end their days in the colony. He was quite glad to welcome Mr Reed, his wife and family, and he trusted they would be Spared for many years (cheers). Mr Hart, the junior Circuit Steward, also expressed his satisfaction. He remembered Mr Reed as teacher and Superintendent of the Sunday School, and said in an old roll book he found that his (Mr Hart's) name stood No. 4 as a scholar. He bore testimony to the good he had derived from the counsels of Mr Reed in bygone years (cheers). Sir Reed said he had a distinct recollection of Mr Hart as a scholar ; and he knew his father, who was "an Israelite indeed, in whom there was no guile." His AVorship the Mayor here rose in the body of the hall and said—Mr Chairman, I had not anticipated taking any part in the proceedings this evening. My impression was that I should have the pleasure to come and listen to the addresses to be delivered ; that pleasure lias been enhanced by the fact that has been stated that after an absence of 26 years, Mr Reed had visited the old colony and old scenes and that this Bpot is so much endeared to his memory (cheers). It brought to my mind that when I have heard many persons speak of this place I liave thought it would be a source of the greatest grief should circumstances compel me to leave this dear old island (renewed cheers). And when I see Mr Reed whojlias been away BO long, moving amid scenes of loveliness and interest in the home country, coming back to this dear place, in the decline of life, to me it is a source of ^incere congratulation to assist in welcoming so old and respected a colonist (cheers). To none does it afford greater pleasure to see so old a friend, not known to myself except by his good and charitable deeds, but known to many of my fellow townsmen. I have listened with a good deal of pleasure to what I have heard; and, Sir, I now tender to MB Reed my own thanks and the thanks of the citizens of Launceston, and on their behalf and my own I beg to give to him, his wife, and family, a hearty welcome (loud and prolonged applause). Mr Reed—I can only say, Mr Mayor, that since I was last here, the providence of God has thrown me among all ranks, even the nobility, and I have enjoyed uuch of this world's good ; but after all my wanderings in England and on the continent of Europe, I may say this, that there is no place so dear to me as Tasmania, and of all places in Tasmania Launceston is most dear. I told my wife it was like coming home, everything throwing back one's recollections to times gone by. If it be the will of God I hope we shall live and die here (cheers). The Rev. C. Price, of Tamar-street Church, expressed his pleasuse at seeing the old familar face of Mr Reed whom 3:e had known for forty years. He said there was not aman who had left the colony during that 40 years that he could welcome back more heartily, and he was quite sure that was the sentiment of Christian people generally. As Christians, they welcomed him back. He was quite sure Mr Reed would be glad to know he (Mr Price) had lived in peace wiili one generation of Wesleyan Ministers from Mr Turner onwards ; he had scarcely omitted a sabbath service, and felt able to preach the same truths as of old. He welcomed Mr Reed with all his heart (cheers). Mr Rodham Douglas mentioned some reminiscences of Mr Reed's labors years ago in the Westbuxy district, and bore testimony to his useful work there. Rev. Mr Nye, on behalf of the younger portion of the audience also joined in heartily welcoming Mr and Mrs Reed. The doxology was sung and the proceedings elosed with the benediction. During the evening the choir sang several pieces appropriate to the occasion in beautiful style. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. —On Wednesday, the weekly meeting of the Benevolent Society was held as usual. Present— Messrs Ditcham, Tyson, Babington, M'Leod, arid the Secretary. With reference to the late announcement of the Juno Star Comedy Company that they would play for the benefit of the Society, the Secretary stated the Company had never obtained permission from the Society, nor had anything been received from the proceeds. The Secretary reported the receipt of a cheque for £2 from "Friends to the poor at Christmas," and a £1 note from "A Country Friend" Tn both, cases the •donors wished their names not to be repealed. The Chairman referred to the great assistance the Society had received •this year in this manner,$ and attributed it first to the good example set by Dr Miller and Mr Fysh, and also to the Society having been placed before the public by .the proceedings!being reported. He thought great thanks were due to the Examiner, which had been very attentive notwithstanding the opposition and nasty remarks made at the initiation of the practice. These donations might now be looked upon as being substantial evidence that.tlie public had con*, fidence in the Society. MELBOURNE STEAMERS.—The Tamar is to leave here for Melbourne day at 5, and the Derwent, which is expected on Sunday, will sail with the English mail on Wednesday, at noon, from the Bar. WE have received a copy of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company's Almanac for 1874. It is very neatly printed ia .colors. 