ODE TO TOBACCO. Thou who, when fears attack, Bidet them avaunt, and Black Care at the horseman's back Perching, unseatest; Sweet when the morn is gray, Sweet, when they've clear'd away Lunch; and at the close of day Possibly sweetest: I have a liking old For thee, though manifold Stories, I know are told, ; Not to thy credit; How one (or two at most) Drops make a cat a ghost Useless, except to roast Doctors have said it; How they who use fusees All grow by slow degrees Brainless as chimpanzees, Meagre as lizards; Go mad, and beat their wives; Plunge (after shocking lives) Razors and carving knives Into their gizzards. Confound such knavish tricks I Yet know I'five or six Smokers who freely mix Still with their neighbours; + Jones-(who, I'm glad to say, Asked leave of Mrs. J) Daily absorbs a clay After his labours. Cats may have had their goose Cooked by tobacco-juice; Still why deny its use Thoughtfully taken P We're not as tabbies are : Smith, take a fresh cigar I Jones, the tobacco.jar ! Here's to thee, Bacon I -Cope's Tobacco Plant,. M:ONDAY'S Af gus says:-" There has :been a terrible shipwreck of political reputa 'tations in the United States, owing to the Credit Mobilier scandal. Foremost among the senators whose characters appear to have been irretrievably ruined by the exposures made before the Wilson and Poland Coinm mittees, is no less a personage than Vice-presi dent Colfax. HIe has not merely boon con victed of accepting a bribe, but of having perjured himself in order to escape the conse quences of his own acts, The Chicago Tri bunc, one of the most influential of the Ameri can newspapers, uses the following language concerning him :-' No man during this generation has been more conclusively proven a corruptionist, a bribe-taker, a liar, and a perjurer, than Schuyler Colfax.' This is calling a spade a spade with a vengeance; but the epithets seemo to be warrantod by the evidence taken by the Committees of Inquiry. Mr. Colfax was char~ed with having received from Oakos Ames a clIeque for 1,200 dollars, payable to 'S.C.,' and dated June 20, 1808. This the Vice-president emphatically denied, observing, 'I could not have had 1,200 dollars added to my income without remem bering it very positively.' But his bank account was examined, and it showed that on the 22nd of June he deposited that exact amount to his credit. No sooner had this charge been sheeted home to him than Mr. Colfax started off to attend religious and temperance meetings in Philadelphia and Baltimore ; for this perjured bribe-taker is a highly religious man, and in the former city he was received with shouts of applause by the Young Meon's Christian Association; while in Baltimore he made a speech full of cant and casuistry, in which he snuftled forth some moral reflections about the world being 'full of human trials and suffering, unjust aspersions, and breaking hearts.' iost people who have any sense of shame in them are of opinion that it would be more decent on the part of Vice-president Colfhx to go into retirement for a while, and the Chicago Tribune administers the following well merited rebuke to the Philadelphians :-' We may inform the young brethren of the Christ ian Association that, when they raise shouts of applause for a man in Mr. Colfax's position, they set hundreds of thousands of other young men asking-as they asked during the nMethodist Book-Concern troubles-whether there is any more necessary connection between morality and the worship of Christ than between morality and the worship of Pan. Membership in these associations is fast ceasing to be a certificate of integrity; let.them take care that it does not raise a presumption of want of integrity.' " Tins beats gold mmining.-A dividend at the rate of 660 per cent. per annum (the Times reports) has been declared upon the shares of the Norwich Union Fire Insurance Company for the past year. The shares, £30 paid, are worth £950, and the company has a reserve fund of about half a million. Its insurances amount to £100,000,000. WHEN is a boat-race like a herring ? When it's a hard-rowed one. A WEALTHY gentleman of Geelong, fond of scientific pursuits, but sceptical with regard to some modern new lights, has placed a £50-note in the hands of the Geelong correspondent of the Ago, which he has directed may be given to any spiritist who can tell the number of it, ' THERE is a Potato Farina factory at Warr nambool, just started, and relative to the subject of potato farina the President of the Ballarat Farmers' club (Mr. Bacohus) made, at a meeting of that body on Saturday last, the following remarks:-" Farina from pota oes was made in quantity in the Ballarat dis triot, in 1871. Whisky, starch, and farina can be made from the potato. About 1 cwt. of potatoes will yield a gallon and a half of proof spirit; and starch to the value of £25,000 is annually imported. Mr. Richard 'son who had made some excellent farina (exhibited at the autumn show of the Balla rat Society in 1872), states that he could manufacture farina, and place it in the market, at 5d. per lb. wholesale, whilst giving' £3 per ton for potatoes. Starchmaking should become one of our Victorian industries ; and the nrocess of making starch or farina on a farm could mostly be done by horse power, and was a simple process which could be successfully and easily performed. MIr. Bacchus stated that his family preferred farina to ordinary arrowroot; and it was quite equal to maizona. As there was a difficulty in finding a sale for it, its manufnc ture had been discontinued in this district." Mr. Donald Gunn said he remembered women at home making' their own starch from the potato, and preferring it to any they could buy. This industry had a far greater chance o.f success than manufacturing sugar from beetroot. "TiE lines of the Rev, J. W. Inglis" (remarks the Agoe) "have fallen in pleasant places lately, during his brief sojourn in Tasmania. The congregation of St. John's (Presbyterian) Church, IHobart Town, has presented him with an address and a hand some opergno in chased and frosted silver, beartng a suitable inscription to commnemorate his visit. In the address, which is of a flatter ing character, and which conveys the expres sion of much good feeling, allusion is made to the rev,. gentleman's success as a lecturer." Probably the fact of the pastor of St. John's being one of the warmost friends MIr. Inglis had in Victoria has a groat deal to do with the above presentation. THIE Creswick Advcertiscer says that the Rev. MIr. Inglis, of Ballarat, alter promising to deliver a lecture, on Tuesdayn, on " Walter Scott," at the Presbyterian Church, Smeaton, neither appeared, nor sent an apology. On Wednesday evening he committed a like breach of fnaith with the attendants at Glen gower Presbyterian Church. ThIe Rev. ark Dixon ex)pressed great regret at tihe absence of the lecturer, as the latter had fixed the time, and tickets haind been sold on the strength of his plodge to be present, A Mr. Bunyan attemptedt to excuse the rover end'absentee, and said they (the audience) might be glad to hear MTr. Inglis on a future occasion, but the speaker was stopped by a general cry of" no, no, never." AccoDINoa to tie Age, Mons. Neorovy, who is said to have had much experience in the magnaneries in Franc, is getting up a company composed solely of gentlemen, with a view of immediate sericultural operations. A sum of £:9,000, it is saidtl, is already subscribed, and thIe names of three or four gentlemen of influence are given as the pro moters of the undertaking. It is expected that matters will be sufliieintly advanced at the close of this weeook to admit of the com pany being registered at once, and the despatch of business entered upon without delay. d?NOTHER poor girl has died in Virginia from the use of tobacco, at the age of 100. She was an orphan, THE TEACHING OF GRA?M?IAR NOT ALLOWED.-" I have been sending my darter Nancy to skool, and last Friday I went over to the school to see how she was gettin' along, and I seed things 1 didn't like by no means. The skoolhnastor was larnin' her things entirely out of the line of addycatiou, and, as I think, improper. I set a while in the skoolhouse an' hoorod one class say their lesson. 'The lesson that Nancy sod was nothin' but the foolishest kind of talk; the radicilist word she said was 'I love.' I looked right at her for being so improper, but she went right on and said, 'thou lovest and he loves.' And I reckon you never heard such a rigmarole in your life-love, love, love, and nothin' but love. She sod one time 'I did love.' Sea I, 'Who did you love?' The skolars laflbd, but I wasn't to be put olf, and sed, ' Who did you love, Nancy ?' The skoolmaster sod lie would explain when Nnney had finished the lesson. This sorter pacyfied me, and Nancy went on with her awful love talk. It got wus and wus every word. She sod, 'I might, could, or would love.' I stopped her again, and soad I would see about that, and told her to walk out of that house. The skoolmaster tried to interfere, but I would not let him say a word. He said I was a fool, and I knocked him down and made him holler in short order. I talkt the strato thing to him. I told him I'd show him how he'd learn my darter grammar. I got the nabors together, and we sent him off in a hurry, and I reckon tharl be no more gram mar teachin' in these parts soon," A SALE of well-bred dairy cattle was hold on Wednesday, 0th inst., on the farm of Mr. Thistlethwaite, Smeaton Plains. A two year old heifer by Royal Butterfly the 21st (recently the property of Mr. Thistlethwaite) realised £:34, the purchaser being Mr. Thos. Ellwood. Another animal of the same class was purchased by Mr. Dugdale, of Pentland Hills, for £39. The sale was largely attended, and the competition to obtain some of the cows was very keen.--Star. IN a paper on sugar-beet, read by Mr. Mastorman before the Newbury Chamber of Agriculture, he says :-" As a rule, no farm yard dung should be applied to sugar-beets; the saline matters taken up by roots grown with rotten clung are destructive to their sugar-bearing qualities. Manure, of what ever sort it may be, must be applied in the autumn and ploughed in before the winter; a mixture of bone-dust and superphosphate forms a good artificial manure for beet. Guano, in limited quantities, does good, and if' the land is at all out of heart, is one of the best fertilisers you can use. The superphos phate of lime or bone-dust may be drilled in with the seed, and favours early maturity. Salt, applied so commonly in many parts of the country to mangold wurtzel, and nitrate of soda, are both objectionable in the growth of beetroots, as they retard the ripening process." "iEgles," in the Australasian, says that Sir George Bowen is winning golden opinions. He has thrown himself heart and soul into our affairs, and hasn't as yet said no to anybody. Charities, amusements, and public movements equally enjoy his sympathy and patronage. " e .gles" thinks his' first difficulty will be when they ask him to become Past Grand Tyler of the Ancient Order of Free Gardeners. It is where to draw the line first which is a little puzzling. AccoRDING to the Geelong Advertiser, the vexed question as to whether butter can be profitably shipped to England is now solved, intelligence having been received that shipments from Geelong, per the Jason and Wave of Life, have realised O0s. per owt. in the London market. This price will pay well for exportation. THE Par'mer' says that Messrs. Swonnell and Sons state that they have overcome the difficulties standing in the way of the produc tion of an even sample of malt from maize, and they claim, as one of the results in their improved method of malting, that the produce will be at least 10s. per quarter cheaper than barley malt, while from it may be made a full-bodied, pleasant-drinking beer, suitable' for publicans, being very rich in starch and gluten. 'I'HIE following remarkable account of the career of an old French soldier is published in the Taupeka T'imes:--" An individual was brought up at the Resident M?agistrate's Court, Lawrence, on Tuesday last, the bare facts of whose history would fbrm material for the most sensational of modern novels., His name is Jacques Feuori, and lhe was born in Paris during the fiercest heat of the French Revolution. He entered the French army as a drummer boy at the age of ton, and was with Napoleon in the eastern campaign, and servod some time in Spain under Soult and Massena. As a sergeant of the Imperial Guard hle proceeded with the Grand Army on their disastrous Russian campaion. On tihe return homewards with the s'mattered remnant of the French army, he was cdanger ously wounded and letl for dead at Laipsie. IeI recovered Iris wounds only in time to see the great Napoleon abdicate, and he followed his beloved master to Elba, where hlie was appointed to a situation of trust in the groat captain's household. He was one of the party who accompanied Napoleon on his memorable escape, and took a pl)rominent part in many of the events of the Hundred Days. lie was a lieutenant in the Imperial Guard at Waterloo, and in thie last chalrgeo upon the Highland troops had his cuirass smashed in several places by bullets, and narrowly escaped being destroyed by the Black Brunswickers. When the star of Napoleon was set for ever, hlie entered the Mexican service, andl tookl part in the war of Independence. After that was achieved, he returnaedl to Franc; and was enganoed in the Cochin China expedition, and, in t?ie sack of the capital of that wealthy country managed to secure a considerable amount of money. IIo then became a speculator in coolies at the MIauritius, and, succumbing to adverse circumstances, proceeded to Now York, wheore he resided some time, teaching fencing for a living. Attracted by the gold discoveries made in California, hlie proceeded thither, and started the first publio house in Sacramento. IIo amuassed a fortune of a quarter of a million dollars there, but lost all of'it in speculating'. ieo proceeded tlhence to Australia, and aferwards to Now Zealand, and on Monday was lined 20s. fbor cutting timber without a license." LII'LE R IVE-IVpt.- pounded at Little ilivor, bay Ia'ro, white hind foot, and stripe down face, Jlit conjoined near ,;houlder. If not claimed and exponses paid, to be sold on 14th May.--LIsENEY DAvhIs, Poundlkeeopor. KICEILOR.-Iinpounded at IKoeilor Shireo Pound, 8th April, by Mr. Kelly, trospass ad., bay horse, black points, both hind and oil' fore foot white, blaze face, like VDL near shouldor (time VD con joined), indistinot mark olff shoulder. If not claimed and exponses p))aid, to be sold on 14th Mny.--sE. IONuroL, Pourdkeeper. 