?-l' ' ?????'????? ENGLISH ITEMS. \ / — The New Bishop of Winchester. — The important see -of Win chester is to be rilled up by the translation of Dr. Harold Browne, Bishop of Ely. Dr. Browne was born at Aylesbury in 1811, and was ?educated at Eton, and at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1832. He was ordained in 1836, was appointed Sbrrisian Professor of Divinity in 1854, Canon of Exeter in 1857, and consecrated Bishop of Ely in 1864. The Daily Telegraph observes : — 'The establishment can boast nf f«w Hebraista. hnt. Ttv Browne is one of the first. After a distinguished university career, he was for six years Professor of Hebrew at St. David's College, Lampeter. He has also been Professor of Divinity at Cambridge ; and he has peculiar claims to be a high authority respecting both the language of the Old Testament and the theology of the New. His Exposition of the Thirty-Nine Articles is a text-book both in this country and in America. Many other writings have added to his reputation as a theologian who is at once deeply learned and unimpeachably orthodox. And he is more than a mere scholar, for he did active parish work before he became a bishop ; and his epis copal career, if it has not been brilliant, has at least been strikingly '^ .'«m. ?n-yj.ua.^u. j.l wuuiu, peiuups, LKtve utjen cumcun; to nnci a -safer ' prelate in all the hierarchy. Dr. Browne will not, of course, be a brilliant Bishop of Winchester like Dr. Wilberforce, but he will bring to his great diocese high character, undoubted learning, and tried discretion.' It may be interesting to note that Bishop Browne is one of the two English prelates — the other being Dr. Wordsworth, of Lincoln — who have manifested a special interest in the Old Catholic movement on the Continent. It was when on his way to the Congress at Cologne last September that he was observed one Sunday morning in the modest English church at Chamounix. After . the service had begun a message from the chaplain asked him to take the pulpit. He consented, and, though thus unprepared, delivered a simple and appropriate discourse on the Good Shepherd, drawing many of his illustrations from the pastoral occupations of the beautiful valley and its surrounding mountains. Church Reform.— A Conference for the promotion of Church Reform was held in Cannon- street Hotel, on Wednesday, July 2, 1873. Among other gentlemen, representatives of fourteen clerical and lay associations were present. A 'declaration' read at this meeting shows the direction in which church reformers in England are directing their efforts. Accepting the Bible as their sole rule of faith, and believing the Articles and Formularies of the Church of England to be in accordance with it, they would not be parties to any changes calculated to affect, directly or indirectly, the dogmatic teaching of the church. They recognise the necessity of large reforms in the external system of the church, so as to extend her machinery adapt it to the exigencies of the times, and render all her resources available for practical work. They think that these reforms should include the following particulars :— Increased liberty in the use of the Prayer-book services, and the exclusion from the public worship of the Church of England of services not taken from the Prayer- book. As regards the Athanasian Creed, to provide that the recital of the creed in the public services of the church be not compulsory, but at the same time to retain the creed in its place in the Prayer-book, as an invaluable embodiment of the Catholic faith, which may be proved by most certain warrant of Holy Scripture.' The reform ol Convocation by an adequate representation of the parochial clergy, and the admission of the laity. The provision of some mode whereby the laity of a parish or congregation may exercise a voice in the introduction, within the law, of changes in their church ser vice, and may enjoy facilities for taking further part in the local administration and spiritual work of the church. The consideration l*ke existing system of church patronage, and, where possible, the amendment ot it. The reform of the cathedral system, so as to utilise cathedral endowments for spiritual and practical work to a greater extent, and bring cathedral arrangements ? into harmony with the KSfir ^subdivision of the largest dioceles ; and a substitute for the conge delire. _ The Clergy and the Marriage Law.-A reference of the Registrar-General to marriage by banns and clandestine marriages is leading to a discussion of the subject in the Times. « The Vicar of one of the Largest Parishes in England ' writes in the Times ?— ' It has been uniformly said, especially as to marriages in London, that the clergyman cannot possibly ascertain where the parties are resi dent ; but that is an objection which a court before which the con sideration of it may come cannot hear. Now it must be obvious £ *%Tn S °f a J-°^lous P^ish-say my own, with a popu lation of 10, 110 -can hardly be expected to postpone his other duties for the sake of investigating personally every case of banns presented to him. I say personally, because it seems that no in quiry through a Scripture reader, or a parish clerk, or a beadle would be held sufficient in law. But even this, if sufficient, is very difficult and onerous. I would suggest for consideration the adoption of a universal system of cheap licenses ; every incumbent, at least, being made a surrogate, and one moderate fee, including all expenses, being charged. Points of detail will occur to practical men which will need adjustment, but they may be arranged without difficulty. In this way the clergyman would be brought face to face with one of the parties, and would have the opportunity of explaining that misstatements involved the penalty of perjury. If the publicity of banns be still insisted on, it would not be difficult to frame a law combining both banns and license. .At present, licenses are too ex pensive ; from the Vicar- General's office they cost, including stamps, £2 2s. 6d. ; from provincial registries, somewhat more. One of iiiy many difficulties in Birmingham was the practice of coming £roni small country parishes and putting up colourable banns in that town. The country clergy not seldom expostulated, because in this way illegal marriages were rendered easy. A lodging was sometimes taken nominally, but neither of the two parties ever qualified by residence. I have more than once had to throw myself upon a country clergy man's mercy, and plead the impossibility of making inquiries in such a population as I then had under my charge. I am sure that a remedy for a difficulty which is practically very great would be a welcome relief to many incumbents similarly situated. ' The Baldacchino at St. Barnabas', Pimlico.— A petition by the vicar (the Kev. G. C. White) and the churchwardens of St. Bar nabas', Pimlico, haying been presented for a faculty, or license, to erect a 'baldacchino' in the church, the Chancellor issued his citation, and appointed a time to hear counsel in support of the application. The petition by Mr. G. H. Brooks, the proctor for the faculty, stated that it had been considered desirable to erect a baldacchino for the adornment of the east end of the church. A piaii and estimate had been prepared, and on the Sth of April last a vestry meeting was called, when it was unanimously agreed that the pro posed adornment should be placed in the church. The estimated cost of the baldacchino was about £600, of which £100 had been pro vided, and the remainder promised, and he therefore prayed that it might be erected. The Chancellor granted a citation, the parishioners had been served with notice, and no opposition was made to the issuing of the license. The Spectator observes :— ' The Ritualists have found another absurdity to worry their bishops with. They want to build ' baldacchinos,' or canopies, over their altars, of course to signify that the mystical Presence is there ; and their congrega tions are very angry, and of course rush to their bishops, who are perplexed, as the question happens never to have come before the courts before. Endless dissertations are beine written, and to be written, on the subject, but none of the writers seem disposed to lay the least stress onthe ideas of the congregation. If clergymen and laymen alike find in the baldacchino or other piece of upholstery a symbol of their deepest thoughts, the canopy can do no harm, and may even, though in a very riskful way, do good. But if, as is the case in say 13,000 parishes out of the 13,500, the baldacchino merely compels the congregation to a perpetual and compulsory recognition of what they deem a falsehood, it must do them' from its conspi cuousness extreme injury, which the bishops, if they ever could pre vent anything, ought to suppress. There is, no hope, however, in them, unless creamy apologies for doing nothing are things to be hoped for, and it is in Lord Sandon's Bill the laity will find relief. The parish council will soon make an end of the baldacchino.' Special Mission Services.— The Rev. C. Money thus describes the proceedings of a mission week : — ' With regard to the way in which they are conducted, there will, of course, be different arrange ments in different places ; but the characteristic features of the effort will be — preparation, prayers, preaching the Gospel, and speaking to individuals after the service. With regard to the preparation, it is ? generally marked by the co-operation of a number of workers, some of whom become themselves impressed whilst seeking to interest others. At such times, men and women are reached and influenced who have been habitually neglecting the means of grace ; and there is a feeling of interest and expectation awakened which is most valuable. There are also frequent meetings for prayer, besides con tinual prayers by individual Christians. I have now before me a notice of a General Mission in Liverpool, and the earnest request of the Rev. E. H. M;Neile for the prayers of his people :— 1. For the clergy who shall conduct the mission, that they may be filled with the Holy Ghost. 2. For ourselves, as workers in preparing for it, that we may be guided and quickened from on high. 3. For the parish generally, that prejudices may be removed, and hard hearts softened, so that the seed of God's Word may fall upon good ground. 4\. For an abundant blessing on the work ; and under this head there are various objects mentioned for which special prayer is requested; Then there comes the mission itself, and the preaching, with the earnest hope and prayerful expectation that souls will be saved and God's name magnified. Those who have taken part in these services will, I think, agree in the statement that there is a peculiar solemnity connected with them, and a sense of the nearness of God, which draws out_ the heart and prepares it to receive the message. The after-meeting, and the speaking to those who are anxious and impressed, must not be overlooked. It has been found, by repeated experience, that, when this is done after the services I have referred to, the mind is peculiarly ready and open to conviction, and a few words, with prayer, prevent the seed from being snatched away or rendered inoperative.' The Shah's Visit.— It is said that the Duchess of Sutherland had the honour of an audience with the Shah, and asked him if he would accept the present of a Bible. Pie replied that he would. Accord ingly a splendid Bible, bound handsomely in the best morocco leather, was offered him, but he refused to accept it, explaining that, as head of the religion in Persia, he could not touch either the flesh, blood, ' or skin of an animal. On the Bible being bound in red velvet he graciously accepted it. Her Grace asked his .Majesty to repealvthe Persian law which made it a capital offence for a person to embrace Christianity, and he promised that he would do so. ?The Bishop op Bath and Wells on the Dangers op the Church. — In opening the Diocesan Conference for the year, the Bishop stated he had no wish to act arbitrarily, even if he had it in his power to do so, but he wished the foundation and walls of the Reformed Church of England to be strengthened and preserved ; that the civil and religious privileges they had inherited from their fathers might be handed down by them to their children ; that the peace and purity of their families should be maintained inviolate ; that the links which tied husband to wife, and father and mother to child, should be unbroken, and not superseded and falsified by the intervention of other and spurious influences. He wished the manli ness, and truthfulness, and independence of the English character, which true religion heightened and sanctified, not to be exchanged for the abject and servile attitude of a priestridden womanhood, or the dark, deceitful courses of those whose conscience and whose self respect had been sacrificed on the altar of a vain superstition. He was ready to do his part, by God's help, to maintain the integrity of the church of which he was a bishop, and so fulfil the vows he had made at his baptism, his ordination, and at his consecration. But for any efforts of his to be successful he must have the hearty support, as he thanked God he had had hitherto, of the clergy and laity of the diocese. He was ready, as belonged to his office, to go to the front ; but he looked to them, his reverend and lay brethren, to support him from behind. It was for the Church of England, as purified at the Reformation, and as established by the laws of England, and as interpreted by the Prayer-book, that he asked for their unflinching and unwavering support. Not for any narrow sect or party in the Church of England, but for the Church of England herself. She .was wide enough, and comprehensive enough, and liberal enough to include within her pale many different shades of opinion and many diversities of sentiment. She was the friend of free dom, and she allowed and encouraged men to think for themselves. He appealed to all who were loyal to the Church of England not to break down or fritter away the doctrine and discipline of the church, but to come forward to her support. It was not only, he grieved to say, against enemies — against those who would rob her of her revenues, privileges, and honours, and reduce her to the level of a sect — that they needed at this day to rally in her defence. Some who remained nominally in her. pale were really, with all their might, pulling down her doctrine stone by stone, or using all the power and influence which they derived from their place in the church even to teach everything which that church repudiated, and to build up everything that she delibe rately pulled down. These were much more dangerous enemies than any who openly renounced communion. But the chief danger, in his humble opinion, arose from this, that many who were thoroughly loyal to the church did not see through the designs of these men, did not perceive the inevitable result of their teaching, and so continued to give them their countenance and support. The strength they had was derived from the adherence of those who did not really partici pate in their views. He appealed to all thoughtful sons of the church, to whatever school of thought they belonged — whether they were what men called High, Low, or Broad — to form themselves as it were into a compact body, whose motto should be ' Nolumus leges ecclesice Anglicnnce mutari;' while they held fast the liberty which they had in the church as by law established, used it themselves and respected it in others, were tolerant, charitable, and large-hearted, let them not stand by passively while the walls of the church were being digged under before their very faces. ? 'Special Sermons to Parents. — A recommendation of the recent Mildmay Conference in reference to Christian parents says, ' It has been thought desirable to bring the subject under the immediate notice of every faithful minister of Christ's Gospel, submitting for their consideration the desirableness of their preaching, every'two or three months, a sermon specially addressed to parents, and occa sionally urging on them the great importance of using the family institution 'for Christ. The suggestion has commended itself to a number of earnest and experienced workers in the Lord's vineyard, and it is hoped that ere long it will meet with very general approval.' 