MR, SEWARD'S LAST YEARS. The news of the death of William H. Seward, on Thursday, fell unexpectedly upon the mass of the community. It was known that he had been partially paralyzed for years, and that he was gradually growing weaker in body, though as vigorous as ever in mind ; and, at his age, and in a maimed and crippled con- dition, death was looked for at any time. Nevertheless, no intimation of any serious attack of recent date had been received, and the shock to the community was, therefore deeper. Abler pens than mine will long here this has reached you, have written lengthy obituaries and' eloquent eulogies on the great statesman now lying dead at Auburn ; for, in spite of the passions and the prejudices, the hatreds and the jealousies of our day, he was a great statesman, and history will inevit ably accord him that place 'in the temple of fame. I will only say,, then, as one who— as you know — had peculiar oppor tunities for knowing him well, that I am satisfied that death was welcome to him, and had been looked forward to rather as a relief from cares, and disappointments, and physical sufferings, than as a terror and a thing to be avoided. The loss of his wife and daughter deeply afflicted him, and ho never fully recovered from those successive shocks. But the incidents connected with the death of President Lincoln, the attempted assassination of himself and son, and the subsequent uartisan innnirv infn fha /»;« cumstances on the part of Congress, affected him far more deeply than ail the other trials and afflictions of his life. Tlie fact that he. while Ij'ing almost at the point of death from the blows dealt him by the would-be assassin, should be summoned before a Committee of Inquiry to testify whether lie liacl or had not a part in the preparation in the plot which took from the world his warmest, aud most trusting friend, and from whieb linfb he and his sou Frederick escaped almost by miracle with their Jives, though bo.'h terribly aud permanently injured, stirred up all tbe bitterness in his heart, and he never forgot nor forgave what he always regarded as the most wanton, cowardly, brutal and willful insult which was or could be forced upon him. Many a time, in Mexico, I have heard him allude to the' aflair in the bitterest terms, and lie in variably added : " But to think that my old friends at Auburn, among whom I had soeut COY flnfl U'hn dinnlrl Unnn known every impulse of my heart, should have looked upon me as half a traitor because I stood at my post aud upheld Johnson when he was assailed by political quacks and charlatans, merely for partisan purposes, was harder to bear than all the lest. They, at least, should have known that my motives were pure, and given me credit for honesty of purpose, while differing from me iu matters of policy ; but they dia not even do that : then did nnt even do that. — A. F. Letter to Chicago Tribune. A Curious Story.— In the last number af the China Overland Mail we fiind the following : — A curious story is in circul ation amongst Chinese — curious as it relates to the alleged appearance of the murdered man's spirit asking redress. Some time ago, a junk sailed from Hoi- foong, containing a number coolies for the barracoons of Maco. Having arrived there, the live cargo was quickly disposed of, and the captain received as freight something over 100 dollars. This incited the helmsman and some of the crew to league themselves with two piratical junks to attack the boat and to rob the captain of the money. Two or three days since the junk left Macao, going back to Hoifoong. On the way, near Chang Chow, the two pirates liove in sight, aud the helmsman steered close up to them, when the pirates boarded the junk. Here comes the mysterious uart of the storv. The master of the Luk Kee barracoon one night dreamed a dream, in which he saw the ghost of the murdered man before him, saying he had been murdered, that he was robbed of his money, and he wished the barracoon master to complain and try to obtain redress for him, which he thought would not be difficult, as the pirates were sailing off Chang Chow. On the strength of this dream, the barra coon master complained to the Portu guese authorities, who sent out a gunboat, and the pirates were found at the spot indicated by the ghost. It is said that the crew of the attacked junk (who had come to Hongkong since the robbery) bad gone over toMacao ; one of them was the brother "of the deceased, and had been cut in several places. Whether there is any truth in the statement of the appearance of the ghost or snot, 'the facts of the robbery and capture are correct. 