LITERATURE. MATES "WITH A MURDEKEB. «' Good day, stranger !" The speaker was a traveller like myself, but be Was on foot and I on horseback. He wore the usual bushman's dress, blue shirt, moleskins, and cabbage-tree hat, and carried his swag rolled around him, boomerang- shape. It was fastened with saddle-straps, to one of which WM&ppended; a quart-pot. As we were both going in the same direction, and the way was lonely it seemed quite natural that he should accost me, and having replied !o hie salutation, we entered into conversation. In order to hear what he bad to say, and to give my horse a sp"ll, I drew rein, and brought my nag to a walk. He seemed grateful for my consideration, spoke of his weary limbs, and La; d fete in being compelled to wander over \hc country at bis age. Ar>d n<w taking a good look at hiin, I nb served that lie was «. f short stafure, had piercing black eyes, a ' hooked note, mailed grey l air and beard, and was deeply marked with the small-pox. I am but an indifferent judge of pbysioguony, hpt to give an -holiest opinion, I must sa>, th it <m Close examination, my new companion up peered -to me to possess one of L-he most villainous countenances I had €< r beheld. There y»as something altogether repulsive in it, but time and place -wees baldly appropriate for commenting on She matter. So, upoh farthefc acquaintance, not liking the looks of disagreeable individual, I resolved to 1.4. on, and put a few miles between us ere nightfall. . " ' Do you go for to-night?" he inquired j as I prepared for a freeh start. "3b Barlow's acCommedatien-house !" «« Barlow's 1 not you! why it's full thirty mile on ; 'rides your hoes looks nigh knocked up, and there's scarce an hour to sundown. You'd best camp with me, I shant go for, and it'll ' spell ' tbe animal, and keep him fresh for to-morrer' « Oh ! 1 thank you ; DutJ.li push on ; nen ao the jeurney well enough ; fifty to seventy miles a day is nothing to him j for I pride myself he's s good a bit of stuff as there is in this part. H e waif bred on the Levels, and cos: thirty notes ; that's a price your scrubbers don't fetch every day, especially .three-year-olds. My word ! to ee him shape at a fence, why, he clears it fly- ingl" He looks good," said the stranger, " and .no doubt gallops welL One time I was like you, young feller, fond of good horseflesh, and could ride a bit, too; but since I got old, nobody cafes a curse for me, and I have to go through tbe country, footsore and tired, tramping here there, and can't get a job of work. Some times I'm nigh starved, at others half-dead with from camping out. It's nothing to a young ymn, but my oath, I feel it considerably." i T nflTp it," I replied. " I must-push on miw.alTtV getting dark, and I want to fetch AurloyTa if possible." ? Bftt" not push your horse too much, in tdrpoifed my companion, " thirty mile isn't to be done in minute ; you'll have to mp afore you get there, I bet." " Goodbye," said 1 touching my beast with the spur. The old man vociferated, and shouted, OollllayoSJf r condoning my leyeB and Umbs. Hot fnr an inatAnt did I anticipate that my tiywi nag wouuqi oe apie co reacu - tion-hduse thai night/ nor yas it mjTmmmion to push the willing animal to his utmost. My ttffr object was to place o considerable distance tmVreeff thyself afid'fthC ilMeatured traveller,'. To ' adeak ferfoasly, I intended to camp as soon as -I tnff bevond his Vicinity. /A ridof.soi four mikp>rooght:me to o gCihtde slope on the banks of a crnek; water frcjpg here plentiful, a camp was soon formed, a short distihefe iiom the rpad. I alighted, hob bled, and turned out my hone on good feed, a fire. hoiled my quart, and partook of tea il« crt|ipdnx httabtnam Style. It was summer time, iaiild do me no harm, and' ro||j«g myself in my blankets I prepared for ; ; 7 - — hffi jnat composed myself in mind and bodyi ondwM thiiAipfi of my' iH-lobking companion lrft far behindTvrhen the crackling ef branches me, ywd a moment after he was standing gfnyfireride. swdh rt you see me here, nigh as lUgj/ga yourself, though you have a bora to ride, ffWI n compelled to walk. But I 'spect ypu imnd my words c'rect ; your nag got knocked up, on won was forced I o ' spell ' till morning. I'm glad of it one way, T thhi time of the yes Wag. disUnoes by shudder, thinking w If I bad not wl we 1 . am I a few hours badk« vrhen well mounted on d good road, iSronld Sldly ||;e|xpectod ite hare for it ihere im She butih hoWever, puttiqg a good face on the iarattek I bade lim partake of .the remnants of <my supper, And make himself as comfortaifle asfi could. % As I had nothing better to do, I lay still in tny blankets watching the stranger, whose coun'e nance seemed to me, in the glare of the firelight, more Satanical than ever. "You, seem to like that feed, I said j dou t spare it, l ean! buy more when I reach the ac commodation- house.1 "Ah, to-morrer, I suppose, yeu 11 be there; what sayTifVc : travel" together? Tm old, And can't get along) fast, it's true; but then- yomnight 'siBtSme with my swag." ntpj-ally dcclip -d and togl the' stranger /my presence was required at a distant,. station on the Murrumbidgee by anw earl 7 date. He seemed to disapprove this arrange- mer t, fer be shook his head repeatedly, and at length having finished the meal, unrolled his ewak with a view to slum|»er. T , . . , Tain night was far advanced ere I obtained sleek the arrival of the traveller at my camp having quite unset tied al I my plans.- For hours I- lay (tossing from ride to side, thinking of the ppsi- tioifin which I was placed, with regard to one whose society could not he shaken off- At length I fell into an uneasy slumber, and dreams, in which every phase of horror prevailed,- were presented to -view. Theee visions were Startling, an 4 life-like; and in them most prominent wiis myteelf-censtituted mate, the old man: who had caused me so much anxiety. Horror succeeoed hortor. and 1 triea in vain 10 tun mari?, which held tofc in a fiend like grip. P« e- » , se atly my eyes opened, and I comprehended the te rrible position in which I was placed. ' . The villain- who had shared my hospitality, w lohad that very eveningupproached tiy (camp, w th plausible tales, bad sought to rob, and per- r h >pB murder me. Fain would I have sprang to n y feet to -pope with the , treacherous scoundrel, b it I was bound, and that hand and foot, luring steep. he had taken the precaution to s< cure me with cords, so that I now lay powerless a 1 an infant. "So you're awake, are you," he said, coming n ?ar, and fixing his glittering black eye on me. ' My oath, mate, but I trapped you nicely, and ii serves you right for refusing to let me have spate of your hss.- Now, I've took a /fancy to !ie hanimal, and mean to have him, long with rest ofyour kit." Almost dumb with terror, I was unable to tter a word in expostulation or defiance. He antinued " You says nothing to that, iu course, an' you'll ive me all you have if I only spares your life, have hearn the same yarn afore from others, $ut it- don'-t do. Dead men -tell no tales ! Not ihat I mean - to slit your windpipe in an -uncivil way, no fear of that ; if I murder you, I'll do it . ike a gentleman. " The last cove I Bottled was a lawker ; he wouldn't be still like you when the ope was vound his neck, so I just tightened t he loose a bik and he was blaci jn the face in a ninute " Wretch !" I exclaimed, " you " : «" Ah, you can speak to a cove, can yer, now," le-interrUpted ; " I 'spose it was pride made you run awAy' from me to-day — how we are equal Oall me a Wretch, did yer ? Ha ! ha ! Fin used to itr I'm worse. - Fm-a— murderer I — I'a-none of your Sunday-go-tonaeet«Bg- meally-mouthed fellers, as urten|g?Mf» and iin't so ; so I confesses it nothing more I nor lesB, but a murderer ! ome- murders for fun; I just doesit, oos ifc payB. Way I does is thlii;— When I'm on tranip, I hick s tufp k male, lxrns the state dfhls-pursfe; -if he's well in, I juisf_ gives Him an ounce of lead, or a dig of ccld steel ; artsrthisl puts the. body info asackjereeks is alius handy, and in 'am I lea vea them 1' ve done for. . Here's the bag, you see, ready for you; but ldon't WMit to use it yet ; I aint got your money." . flo aqyjngf be held up a dirly sack for my in- I sprotion. I coula not reply ; in fact, my tongue i clove to the roof of my mouth, as be again con- 1 tinuefi : 4r- " 'Iint every day I stops yarning with a, oove, when IVe got all ready fi r work ; but- -somehow, I like you, that's why I didn't kill you outright. V . - ; . k one 1, and I d me de money conveyance, luuag me if I didn't see tihoome driring thrt yray cart past me, just ®® p|r! |p life. - Lorfi, kriw I did pray ; but praying/|peoplpp says, is no gbod for murderers. TbdMd alas, in torment and misery, that's what makes me so restless when I'm alone with these devils of ghosts, for I tee ghosts everywhere. Throe 'year-) ago I bad two mates, real tigers they were too ; one of them was named Morgan, and from him I larnt a good bit of what I know. Alore I met him I hadn't: ddrijs iimeh bad, but a week by his side 1 -in the bush was enpugh. First insight I had into murdering was one night about nine o'clock. Me and another had been down to a shepherd's hut in the day, mid cleared out the rations — all the -meat in the harness cask we took too — and was making -tracks for- the flush,- whe'i ifle shepherd 'spcjtte us. We had .quite a tussle for she. pi udder, but my mate' sooil- floored hitn with a stick, and away we went right ""enough. But toe matter didn't end there ; ibafc night at nine (as I saidf afore), while we was cooking the grub we'd plundered, who should ride up to our camp but the pwner bjf tbe stition. What he wanted we all knetr, se that afore he could get out a word, -Mosgan raised his piece and fired. Horse and ridey both was shot ; we dragged 'cm away into . the jbusfa, put a few logs on-eovand next day was tweity mile off. Luck's every thing in such cases. Now, J think, you've had quite long enough spoil ; 'sides, I am tired of waiting. Where's your money ?" Cbfd perspiration burst from every pore, and a skuuder rah through my frame whii3 listening to this! uncalled-for confession. So I was to be mur- Jnt.A/1 nla/ui in <1 coolr o n#7 oniJirir IlAriAAllPil HI UCIvUj pidvlAl AU CB C«va|-uU\A M the preek, a spot where none would probably ever se sk' me. - Oh it was horrible to contemplate, and I aoweriesB to lift even a hand in aelf-defence. "Look here," eaid lhe. murderer, " Ican't waste til ne searching for your rhino, tell mo where it is at once, or it will go h&rdwith; you. I'ma-tough nut, Uiough I am old!" ' - My voice was now raised, shrieking for assis ts nee ; I had even cherished the hope that some pnsser-by might bear my crieB. u Stop your gab," said- he, pulling the rope so ti ;bit that I cpuld scarce draw breath. The pres- si ire continued/ and I swooned away. When I recovered sense, all was dark to me, dark, wet, and cold, and a painful feeling of suffo cation prevailing. The canvass bag enveloped u|y head, and Chad evidently been cast into the ajater, and left for dead. The cord still tightly compressed my neck, rendering breathing difficult. How I had escaped with life was a mystery: J | Several hours passed ere I comprehended fully tpe extent of my awful position ; but doing so, my anguish of mind was intense. My cries for assis tance were but feeble, and hardly penetrated beyond the precinfets of the bag. It was clear it rtelief did not soon come it would avail me nothing. The creek must have been very shallow at tbe dpot where the murderer had cast in my supposed lifeless body, as the water only came to my arm pits. I was lying on my side, kept there by stones placed in the canvass to ensure its - sinking. By-aHd-bye tfla» was a glimmer of light, evl aently day wasrdiawhing, for through the holes in |lie flag were., yisxbleiHe fleams" of tliegTorioue iuh. " ' ' % V ' ' Si4| I (Could flwpdly xpve, |iande- ad /eet ; were iAaJ find tbifi cora apdut my neck seethed to grow Lighter with my frulic struggles. God! was I to j 7erish>ihtis?tai2drwas a death eo extremely horrible to be mine. ? . .I/ as giauatiy gettiqg weaker, and becoming resigiied to my fete. In an hour's time all would be over, and my place vacant in the world. Who watild care fornrho mourn feYYQei'TboEe who knew me JbefeV would probably imagine I had (like many other tea vrilers) been lost in the bush ; there would, perhaps; be a formal inquiry, which could nfiver unravel my fate. Oh how I cursed the in sane wretchrwho had tried to take my life ; belter indeed, -thtraght I; that he had completed the jslmguinmy tefifc j The distan sound of a stockwhip came like music on my cars ; it sent the life-blood back to my heart, and made me tremble with hope and fear. Hope, that my positicn might be discovered; fear, lest it should be missed. .-pLoiderapd louder grew the sounds : voices of men and irampjflgoLhpofe were distinctly audibly and ere long cattle rushing to the creek for water »»« snorting that aomethiug winhing nh i.hfl very pool, wherein I lay, unable to give sign of my position. Oh how I prayed just, j then fog only one solitary word ; and yet I was ? dumb, unable to articulate a sound. .. " Hullo Jack, what's this?" That voice transported my soul within mo. " Why," said his mate, "it looks like a plant; somebody has been puttin' their vailibles here for safety." " My word ! The exclamation was simultaneous fr»m bolb, as exerting all my strength, a low moan came i from beneath the canvas. They lifted me out of the water, and with tbeir knives cut my bonds, and divested me of my prison-house ; a few moments after I was at liberty, almost dead, but tree. A drop of spirits from the stockman's flask brought me ta consciousness, and enabled me to regain strength, when tbe narrative of my at tempted murder and sufferings were related, Aided by the-feiehdly young men wflo had i found me, I reached my destination safely. Itjie now many years since tbe events recorded occurred, but they are still vividly imprinted in meujory ; the mark of rough handling is yet on my peck, a mark I shall carry till my dying day. The hoary vagabond who appropriated my horge and worldly goods was apprehended shortly afte on tbe Victorian frontier, and although be had (with him no articles o my property, he was " wanted" by tbe police, as one concerned in busnranging. He waa tried, found guilty, and executed, and it is to be hoped his fate proved a warding to others not to follow similar courses. Ifhave made many jourr.eys since the period ot mr imfflnp fmm Vfirinnfl naWn nf iHa — / - - - — j XT colony, but never without a goad revolver; thus pi Bventing the likelihood of sucli events occurring, as those which happened when I was Mates with a Murderer. ' MhEGAlT BUSED HIS IIECE AND MEED." 