OF THE R.M.S. BANGALORE, WITH THE JULY MAILS. The P. & O. Company's steamer Bangalore, with the July mails from Europe on board, left Galle on the 7th instant, three days behind her time. She was off Cape Otway on Wednesday, at 620 a.m., reaching Melbourne early in the afternoon. The Tasmanian portion of the mails were transhipped on board the Derwent, s.s., which passed Port Phillip Heads at 645 on Wednesday evening, and reached Launceston the following afternoon ; the Hobart Town mails being brought down by the night coach, and reaching here yesterday morning. We make the following extracts from papers to hand : Before the Lords' Committee of the Privy Council on the 23rd inst., a suit was commenced contesting the appointment of Dr. Colenso as a trustee of property which was recently vested in the Bishop of Cape Town. The appointment was made by the Legislative Council of Natal, and it is contested, on account of Dr. Colenso's " extreme views," by the Archbishop of Canterbury, representing, among others, the Council of Colonial Bishops. Judgment is reserved. Besides the present of jewels to the Queen, his photograph in diamonds to the Prince of Wales, and the sword to the Duke of Cambridge, the Shah offered his photograph in diamonds to Earl Granville, who extracted the photograph, and, placing it to his heart, tendered his thanks for his Majesty's condescension, explaining as he returned the diamonds that etiquette forbade an English Minister to receive a present from a foreign Sovereign. To Lady Rawlinson the Shah gave a tiara of diamonds, and to the Duchess of Sutherland a bracelet. L'icd Merely received a valuable snuff-box set with diamonds, and other officials suitable presents. To the servants at Buckingham Palace, his Majesty gave £2.000 and to the police £3,000. Viscount Canterbury, late Governor of Victoria, has been appointed an Ordinary Member of the First Class, or Knights Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George. Two hundred and fifty thousand carte-de-visite were received by Marshal MacMahon on Sunday and Monday (May 25 and 20) following the declaration of his appointment as President of the French Re- public A conference of the Irish Catholic Prelates, under the presidency of Cardinal Cullen, has been held at Maynooth College. It was decided on establishing about 160 free bursaries in Maynooth College. From Peru we learn that the new Archbishop of Lima has been consecrated, and that on taking the oath of office he swore to hold the laws of the country superior to any orders proceeding from Home. It is stated that this is the first time that a Peruvian pre- late has disowned the right of the Pope to interfere in the internal affairs of the Republic. On June 29th there were collections made in all the London Churches and Chapels in aid of the Metropolitan Hospitals. This is the first " Hospital Sunday " arranged for the Metropolis. It will be kept annually. Her Majesty the Queen has forwarded to the Lord Mayor a contribution of one hundred guineas to the Fund. The total amount received by the Lord Mayor at the Mansion-house from collections on Hospital Sunday in London was £20,205 14s. 8d. It is expected that the contribution will exceed £30,000. The Admiralty Court at Cadiz have condemned the captain of the Murillo to twelve months' suspension of certificate for having been in collision with an unknown ship and rendering no assistance. He has also been heavily fined for a breach of the harbour dues. On Saturday afternoon, when people were enjoying themselves in the gardens of the Tour St. Jacques, Paris, a man dressed in white blouse and black trousers, standing upon the top of the monument attracted the attention of all. He threw himself off and after revolving several times in the air, fell with such violence on the gallery running round the base of the tower up to tear one log completely from the body. The remains of the unfortunate man were carried to the Morgue, but nothing was found which could lead to his identification. London clubs have increased from 5,687 in 1869 to 8,160 in 1872, and there will be a very large increase during this year. The number of substances has been increased from 292 in 1808 to 498 in 1872. The population of Persia is about 9,000,000 or 10,000,000. The majority of the inhabitants are Mohammedans, the total number of dissenters not amounting to more than 74,000. The latter consist of Armenians, Nestorinns, Jews, and Guebren or Parsees. The Armenian population is estimated at 4,660 families, including both Protestants and Roman Catholics; the Jews at 16,000; and the Guobren it 7,190. The German Arctic Navigation Society has received a telegram from Tromsoe, according to which 18 Norwegians, who had passed the winter in Spitzbergen, have been found dead by the society's schooner Tromsoe, Captain Mack. They have been buried by the latter's direction. The Memorial Committee have decided that a statue of Mr. John Stuart Mill be erected in some public situation or building in the metropolis, and that the fund be further devoted to the foundation of Scholarships, to the competition of both sexes, in Mental Science and Political economy. The Bordeaux Synuiroguo, one of the finest temples belonging to the Jewish persuasion in France, was entirely destroyed by fire on Friday. The cause was said to be an explosion of gas, and in spite of the combined efforts of the firemen and the military in one hour the whole place was a mass of ruins, and the surrounding houses were damaged by the flames. A large number of persons were fined by the Sunderland magistrates on Tuesday for neglecting to send their children to school,. Among those who "couldn't afford it was a Monkwearmouth Colliery pitman, who, with two of his older boys working with him in the pit, has been getting an income recently of £4 Is. 3d. on the average per week ! The School Board officer stated that the parents spent their money in drunkenness. The enterprising American aeronaut, who proposes crossing the Atlantic in a balloon, is at New York trying to raise the necessary £2,000 to carry out his object. He intends to start in a balloon 100 feet in diameter, containing 10,000 lb. of ballast and having a drug rope of about 1,000 feet long, relieving the balloon of weight to the extent of the Pope's immer- sion in the water. The passengers will travel in a wickerwork ear of two stories, with canvas sides and roof, the lower story of which will be used for storing provisions, such as cooked and canned meat and fruits, and quicklime for boiling coffee and eggs. Underneath the car will be a gallery for taking observations of the sun, and below this a lifeboat. Professor Wise, who calculates on a strong westerly current to take him to England, intends to take reckoning three times a day, and to study the atmospheric currents. Should this trip prove successful, the Professor proposes circumnavigating the globe, an undertaking which he calculates will take him some eight or nine days. Graphic. It will be remembered that there was some discussion in the papers about the case of a M. de liniment, a penniless Frenchman, who married an American heiress in France. The lady died prematurely ; the husband sued her father in the French courts, and the old gentleman was condemned to pay an annuity of £720, of which part was to be attributed to a daughter by the marriage. The father sold off his effects, and went to New York, and M. ria Briment followed him, armed with the records of the French Tribunal, and sued him in the American courts, where he lost his action and was somewhat strongly rebuked. The New York: Herald reported the case, criticised it strongly, and sneered at the French procedure. Time passed ; Mr. James Gordon Bennett visited Paris; the hardly-used husband took the opportunity of suing him and the proprietor of the American Register, which had copied the remarks of the New York Herald, for £4,000 damages each. The upshot is that the former is condemned to pay 7,000 francs fine, and the latter 6,000 francs. Mr. Bennett will think the French iuhospUuhle. On Friday afternoon a tragic accident occurred in Brompton Cemetery, which resulted in the death of a young man Alfred Hunter, aged nineteen years, of Cumberland-place, Marlborough-road, Chelsea. The deceased, who was out of employment, was acquainted with some of the gravediggers and want to the cemetery with the intention of standing on the wall, and witnessing the Polo autumn the adjacent Lilliebridge Grounds. During the afternoon, while he was standing near a newly dug grave, the ground gave way, and he was buried alive beneath seven feet of earth. The dead body was conveyed by the police to the Kennington workhouse mortuary. On the 21st till, the Tichborne Claimant visited Lords for the purpose of of taking part in a pigeon shooting match at the Royal Park. In the evening, when the charge for admission was reduced, about 10,000 people were present. At eight o'clock they assembled before the dancing platform awaiting the Claimant's speech. The rostrum was placed where the band is generally stationed, and the Claimant and his supporters were conducted through a series of pi i va to passages to the platform, where he was received with great cheering. He, however, had no sooner planted his foot on the front than the boards gave way, and he and his friends disappeared amidst a scene of great confusion and alarm. When at length the extent of the injury was ascertained it was found that the Cluiuiunt, upon whom his friends had fallen, was injured on the log and otherwise bruised, and that several other persons were hurt, but none seriously although they had fallen into a kind of collar a depth of eight or ten foot. After washing and receiving other toilet attentions the Claimant addressed the crowd from a window, and was much cheered. An accident, which, it is to be feared, has been attended with the loss of more than one life, occurred on Tuesday at the Limehouse Pier. It appears that (bit WM the day appointed for Hw MM) courses of the Philanthropic Society of Limehouse and Poplar, and ther had chartered a saloon boat for the purpose A considerable number of the relations and friends of the holiday-makers assembled at the river side, and several men and boys, in order the better to witness the departure, climbed to the top of a hoarding erected close by. Although ordered several times by the police to descend from a position which appeared to be dangerous, they persisted in remaining, and, just as the saloon boat was moving off from the pier with its cargo of excursionists the planks on which they were seated suddenly fell, precipitating them into a boat lying on the shore beneath. The violence of the fall was such that four of the boys received injuries which it is feared will prove fatal. They were conveyed to the residence of a physician in the immediate neighbourhood, and after having been attended to, were carried on stretchers, in a dying state to the London Hospital. The Rinovammto of Venice publishes some details respecting the earthquake which took place on the 29th ult. At Conegliano, it says the battlements of an old tower fell and broke in the roof of an adjoining church and that of a private house. No one was hurt, but the alarm of the inmates was great, as they saw enormous blocks of stone falling at the foot of their bed. At Vittorio four persons are said to have been killed, but the details are not known. As Belluno seven or eight people fell victims, and several houses have been seriously damaged. A large part of the population took refuge in the fields, and desires to remain there. Doctors and engineers have been sent for from Treviso. At San Pietro di Foletto, however, about three miles from Coneglinno, the effects were terrible. The roof of the church fell in. Unfortunately many people were in the building as the day was the fate of the patron saint. Forty | corpses are said to have already been taken from the ruins, and the wounded are numerous. At Treviso, Undine, and all along that district, great fright was occasioned, but no one was killed. The road from Belluno is rendered impracticable by masses of rock fallen in the neighbourhood of Fadalto. The telegraph wires were broken. An awkward affair occurred to one of the judges on the Western circuit. It appears that having finished his labours and cast off his forensic wig at his lodgings, he had retired into the next room to wait for his brother judge, whom he was about to accompany to meet some of the local aristocracy at dinner. The female servant of the house had entered the bed- chamber by a side-door, and, not knowing that the judge was in the next room, in a free to arrayed herself in his wig. Just at the moment when the fair Money was admiring herself in the looking-glass the judge unexpectedly entered the room, and the poor girl, catching sight of a stern countenance looking over her shoulder in the glass, was so alarmed that she fainted, and would have fallen to the ground if the learned judge, impelled by humanity, had not caught her in his arms. At this critical moment his brother judge arrived, and on opening the dressing room door, with a view to see if he was ready, discovered his learned brother with the fainting maid in his arms. The intruder quickly attempted to withdraw, when his brother judge vociferated, " For heaven's sake, stop and hour this matter explained !" " Never mind, brother, never mind-the matter explains itself;" and he left his learned colleague to bring the fainting maid to as best he could. The Progress du Nord states that in a village of Belgium (of which the name is not given an atrocious crime has been committed. A young girl in service at Brussels had saved a little fortune of 1,800 francs. Hearing her mother was ill and required her care, she left for home by rail, and had to alight about a league distant therefrom. To reach her destination she would have had to pass a wood, and fearing the dangers of the way, she resolved to pass the night at the house of an uncle who lived near. She accordingly knocked up her relations, and having told her story and her fears, was put into the room of her female cousin, who was out at work. While lying awake she overheard a conversation which filled her with horror. Her hosts were planning to murder her for the money she carried. Thereupon she leaped from the window and fled, half naked, until utterly exhausted she encountered two gendarmes. After she had told them what had happened, they led her back to her uncle's house, where a light was observed in a distant part of the garden. The gendarmes approached the spot silently, and found that both uncle and aunt were engaged burying a body wrapped in a blood strained cloth. The cloth was suddenly snatched away, and the murderers uttered a common cry of terror. The victim was their daughter, who, having come home late, had crept upstairs quietly so as not to alarm) her parents, and she had been killed in mistake for her cousin. The aunt went mad forthwith, and the uncle stabbed himself from re- morse and dread of the consequence of his crime. We cannot guarantee the truth of this relation. THE POPE. Borne, June 18th (Evoninu).-Queen Bmhollu, who arrived here this morning, is accompanied by her daughter, and attended by a suite numbering thirty persons. Her Majesty was received at the railway station by two prelates, and went with her daughters, atll.30 a.m. to the Vatican, where she was received with much ceremony. The Pope, in his speech yesterday to the College of Cardinals, praised their zeal in supporting the rights of the Church, adding that their example found imitators in Italy and abroad, and these were the bright spots in the aspect of affairs which consoles him. At the same time, he could not resist turning his eyes towards the spectacle of the thousand ills with which the Church was afflicted. His Holiness added : " Our adversaries object to our enumerating these evils, but, nevertheless, we reiterate our protests ; we confirm the censures incurred by the usurpers of the Papal States and the property of the Church. We repeat them all the more because we see daily fresh attacks made upon religion as, for example, the funeral of Signor Rittuzzi, who died without the consolation of religion. in obedience to the wishes of his friends. Signor Ruttnzzi always fought against the peace of Italy and the Holy See ; still the judgment of God is unknown to us, nor must we seek to guess it. But I experienced a very painful impression on learning from the newspapers that the clergy of Alessandria were present at the funeral obsequies. Those priests showed themselves greater courtiers than ministers of God I hope, however, that the news given by the papers is false." The Pope, in conclusion, urged the cardinals to pray to God to keep far from them all idea of conciliation. His Holiness said " Let each one stand firm. They want me to go with them, and I wish them to come towards me : I cannot go, and will not." _ THE ZANZIBAR MISSION. We are happy to announce that the Sultan of Zanzibar signed the new treaty on the 5th of June, and that the Slave Market was closed on the same day. Thus the mission has been a complete success, and Sir Bartle Frere, after all his wanderings and labours in the East must have felt the greatest satisfaction to receive the news almost as soon as he arrived in England. It is a most gratifying piece of news that the mission of Sir Bartle Frere has produced this prompt and valuable result, and that, as a consequence, the slave market on the island has been cleared and closed. Some additional particulars of the mission will no doubt, be received with interest, and the following may be received us coming from the best authority. The mission has been very happily discharged as regards those engaged. The accomplished statesman who was at its head has returned without any detri- ment to his health, trying us the climate of Zanzibar is to new-comers, and especially under circumstances which compelled constant activity. Mr. Badger was invalided home, and Sir Bartle Frere's son, who accompanied his father, caught a rather Bororo touch of African fever, which came upon him and one or two others of the party after leaving the coast. With these exceptions all went well, although the voyages were long, and the Enchantress was by no means large enough for the task assigned to her. Besides her proper duty, the little steamer did some good work in surveying on the East Coast up to Rus Afun and all along this line. Two facts struck the members of the mission. One was the comparative pope loudness of the coast, and the other the providence of the Hindoo traders. These men have the business of the Eastern Continent in their hands, and, therefore, the loyal conduct of the Rao of Cutch in connection with the slave-trade, and the strong sentiment evoked among the merchants of Bombay, are the more important. On reaching Zanzibar and commencing enquiries, Sir Bartle Frere found that evils of slavery there were even greater than had been described. Every word of Livingstone has been confirmed in regard to its horrors, and the paralysing effect produced upon the interior tribes. It was the practice of our representative to question the elavo-obildron especially in every spot, in their answers were generally simplest and most reliable. In ninety-nine cases out of every hundred they told the same pathetic story how they had been hiding with their tribe in the bush, till in some unlucky moment when they were fetching water or wood, the kidnappers pounced upon them and carried them to the coast. Either this, or by raids upon villages, when those who resist are murdered, the slaves are collected. It results that the interior is cut off from trade with the coast by this wall of terror, and neither in industry nor settled life possible to the poor miserable villagers. Now, the natives of the interior are capable of great things they could be freed from this curse. Sir Bartle Frere saw many Africans from beyond the Dukes, of remarkable individual gifts and striking intelligence j -and the evidence furnished by the estates visited at Zanzibar and Johanna proves that the continental African makes a good free labourer. In regard to the Sultan of Zanzibar, Sir Bartle found him a son sible and reasonable person, greatly constrained by public opinion and the influence of his subordinate chiefs. He was well disposed to meet the views of the British Government, and made no objection to the British Envoy's assertion that " the sea is God's high- way, and ought not to carry alive ships upon it." He gave it to be understood that he was willing enough to abolish slavery if sufficient aid in the shape of friendly pressure and friendly powers were given, but that he could not go against the chiefs without such assistance. By-and-bye the advice of less enlightened counsellors prevailed for a time, and the inclination of the Sultan was reported as learning to a decided " non possumus." But this was well understood to be far from an inflexible conclusion, and when the ships of her Majesty lately anchored off Zanzibar, even the chiefs of the Sultan preferred . quiet arrangement (9 a blockade. Thus this desirable treaty has come about, and even the home importation of slaves at Zanzibar is at an end But it will be distinctly needful for the British Government to keep vessels actively watching along the coast, and most important that this duty should be coupled with a survey of the coast-line, both for the purposes of navigation and colonisation, and to prevent hidden depots of slaves from becoming established. The French Government has been very loyal throughout ; but this cannot be so confidently said of its agents in Africa and elsewhere. Much of the trouble experienced has been due to the attitude taken by French representatives, who have not faith- fully interpreted the enlightenment of ruling men in France. The assurances received by Sir Bartle Frere in passing lately through Paris, encouraged him to trust that this source of difficulty is at an end. In Muscat and on the Persian Gulf the strong and able hands of Captain Pelly, our representative, had thoroughly prepared the way for the British Representative, and the task of concluding and slave trade compacts was facile. In Egypt, the Khedive is anxious to own himself civilised and enlightened, and will not allow public opinion to be set against his annexations by the doubtful profit of slave trading. He is in earnest about putting it down, and has promised to make striking examples of those who shall smuggle " human ebony" against the laws of Egypt. In regard to Livingstone, Sir Bartle Frere's report will bear testimony to the accuracy of the Doctor's statements. It is not thought that these statements will endanger the intrepid explorer when news of this treaty reaches the far interior. Living- stone is respected even by the Arab kidnappers, who know how to admire the courage and honesty of such a nature and he is also feared for, it is well-known how greatly his life is valued by the power which bates slavery and Sir Bartle Frere does not doubt that the famous traveller will soon make his appearance either in a northward or westward direction. DETAILS OF THE EXPEDITION OF SIR SAMUEL BAKER. IMPORTANT OEOORAVRIOAL DISCOVERY. A correspondent at Khartoum, sends, via Alexandria, a communication, dated July 6th, inwards he gives a very interesting account of several incidents in connection with the expedition of Sir Samuel Baker, who has reached Khartoum from the Lake regions of the for South of Africa, after some serious encounters with slave merchants and hostile tribes. But the most important part of the communication is the account of a great geographical discovery-one which cannot fail to astound many scientific men. It is declared as an ascertained foot by the returning party that Lakes Tanganyika and Albert Nyanza are proved to be one and the same water. The length of this magnificent inland sea, thus for the first time made known to mankind, is not less than seven hundred miles, and it is announced as positive that a vessel can be launched above Murchison Falls, at the head of the Nyanza, and sail away to Ujiji, or lower, through ten degrees of latitude. This discovery will revolutionise African geography, and will astonish Livingstone himself. We select the following from other accounts of the perils which Sir Samuel has had to encounter : " On reaching Mosiudi the Pasha accompanying Baker found that the ivory and slave traders had spread all kinds of evil rumours about the expedition, inflaming the native tribes against it. Kabriki had been informed by them that Baker Pasha was coming, at the head of an Egyptian army, to take forcible possession of his country and annex it to Egypt, with the view of exacting heavy taxes and tributes, and carrying away the people. It was accordingly agreed, between the traders and the negro chiefs, to murder Baker if possible, and by every means to prevent the progress of the Egyptian soldiers. Shortly after the arrival of the Pasha with a portion of his troops at Mosindi, Kabriki, following an African custom, sent ten jars of numbers beverage resembling beer - to the strangers. This liquor was heavily charged with poison, and all those soldiers who partook of it were suddenly seized with frightful symptoms, and soon fell to the earth insensible and apparently lifeless. By administering strong antidotes the poison was neutralised in every case, and no lives were lost. Baker then despatched some of his officers as messengers to demand why the poisoned beer had been aentintohisoamp; but as soon as they entered the negro village, Kabriki ordered them to be killed, and they were all immediately murdered in cold blood. War was then proclaimed ; the chief beating his great drums, and ordering a levy of ten thousand warriors. A large body of these attacked the Pasha, who had only a hundred odd Egyptian troops with him. These men were all greatly fatigued with the long journey into the interior, and some of them were suffering from the poisoned drink. Baker was therefore compelled to beat a retreat before the swarm of enemies assailing him, and he retired after burning his camp and heavy baggage. During seven days of great danger and hardship the backward march of the Egyptians was sorely harassed, and as many as thirty men were left dead on the route." AUSTRALIA VIA CAPE. RAPID STEAMING BETWEEN ENGLAND AND THE CAVE. One of the loading objections recently made against steaming between England and Australia via the I Cape of Good Hope, was that no steamer could run the distance in forty-five days. " You can't do it in forty-five days," was the statement persisted in by J one of the gentlemen present at the meeting held at the Cannon-street Hotel on the 19th May last. What led to this expression was a remark make by Mr. Collins Levy that it was proposed that the new line of steamers direct to Australia-say Melbourne should run the distance in forty-two duj'B. Whereupon Mr. Mc Naughton said he had reason to believe that the postal Subsidy could be obtained from the Victoria Government if the distance were run in 45 days. Bull statements were treated with contempt, if not actual derision, and although two or three spirited men who it seemed had had a little conversation with engineers and shipowners, and were thus able to assign reasons for their convictions - loudly affirmed that steamers I could be built to run the 11, 30 miles between South hampton and Melbourne via the Cape of Good Hope in the shorter time of forty- two days, the meeting was influenced by the doubtful party and soon afterwards separated, the Chairman, however, remarking in conclusion, that although some cold water had been thrown on the proposed new scheme, he believed it would be carried out. Happily, since then, what Mr. Youl, and some other New Zealand men could not see, has been demonstrated before their eyes. Messrs. Donald Currie & Co.'s London line of screw-steamers to Cape Town are measuring the distance between England and the Cape in twenty-two to twenty three days, and that without a subsidy. The rapidity of this steaming will be soon when we state that the contract time of the Union Company's vessels, which carry the mails, is thirty days, the said Royal Masters," when no accident occurs, running the distance in shorter or longer periods. Nor ought we to omit to state that when the prop tion was first made to have a line of steamers direct to Australia via the Cape, the contract time of the Royal Mail Capo steamers was thirty-five days. What a prodigious reformation, then, has been effected in the course of the last ten months and what great advantages have Cape merchants derived from the infusion of a little energy into the Cape steam traffic. Surely our mercantile dreamers must have rubbed their eyes on reading the following facts, which went the round of the English papers during the past week : "The steamer Windsor Castle, belonging to the Donald Currie & Co.'s line arrived in Table Bay on the 17th May, having made the fastest voyage to the Cape on record. The whole distance from England was run in twenty-three days fifteen minutes. Capt. Howison, the commander, and his officers have been entertained at a public dinner by most of the leading citizens of Cape Town." But this " spanking rate was exceeded on the voyage home, thus proving that it was not to any extraordinary good luck but to good management and superiority of vessel that the Capo merchants were indebted for such a great red notion of time, us the following paragraph will show : " The steam-ship Windsor Castle, belonging to Messrs. Donald Currie and Co.'s London line of Cape Mail steamers, arrived at Dartmouth at 2 a.m. on Monday morning, the 7th inst., having made the un precedented quick passage from Cape Town in twenty-two days eighteen hours, being four hours fifteen minutes shorter than her outward passage, which was the fastest on record. She left the Cape on June 14th." Now here we have stern facts which must utterly silence the cold water party which attended the Cannon Street Hotel meeting. If the distance from England to the Cape be published at 6,500 miles, and that to Melbourne as 4,630 miles more, is known as a matter of common sequence that if England can be reached from the Cape in 22 days 18 hours, the longer distance from Melbourne to England may be run in 38 days 22 hours ; or, in other words, the Windsor Castle could, if necessary, have three days allowed for coaling, and even then proudly shows her colours to the capital of the Victorian Colony within the period of 42 days. AN ENGLISH PILGRIMAGE TO CANTERBURY. The pilgrimage of about 300 ladies and gentlemen to the scene of Thomas fi Beoket's murder in the Cathedral of Canterbury and of which the following is an outline has given rise to considerable comment in the public press The day selected was the 7th inst., the Feast of the Translation of the Relics of the Martyr, and the excursion was organised by the Catholic Young Men's Society in London. Arrived by special train from Victoria Station, Pimlico, the company proceeded to the Corn Exchange in Canterbury. where a cold collation awaited them. The company, says the eye-witness, was numerous, varied in its composition, and persistent in its determination to be pleased. There was a considerable number of Catholic ecclesiastics Father Christie appearing to combine the functions of commanding officer, adjutant, muster of the ceremonies, guide, philosopher, and friend. There were a peer of the realm, and a number of titled and decorated foreign gentleman. There was a host of well-dressed, comely folks belonging to twenty different grades perchance in the social scale, but in the enjoyment here of that best Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity, which springs from a common teaolvo-tbe resolve to meets the very most of a summer holiday. The ladies were in great force, both as regards numbers, and general hilarity and no irridescent radiant were their toilets, that I should not be in the least surprised to hear of my dada of Kentish butterflies being that morning driven through sheer despair of rivalling the ladies in the train in brilliance, to the commission of suicide. carefully, patiently, and devoutly did the Pilgrim! subsequently explore all the well-known stations in the death history of Thomas A'Backet-the passage from the archiepiscopal palace, the west alley of the cloister, the north and eastern corridors, the northern part of the western transept, the quondam altar of the Chapel of St. Benedict, the place of the mortuary pillar, and the spot of the martyrdom itself. And as the doleful tale is recited by volunteer and well instructed guides, the whole scene of one of the most dramatic and one of the most distressing chapters in English history rises up, complete, substantial, vivid, I as though it were an occurrence of yesterday. I The precise piece of the pavement, not much bigger than the palm of one's hand, into which Bank J the blood of A' Bucket, has, rib all know, long since been cut out, and found a resting-place in the Church of St. Thomas of Canterbury, at Rome. When the pilgrims came to this small square place very many of their number were observed to kneel and to kiss the revered spot. Others touched the place of the stone with their fingers, which they afterwards carried to their lips, while all devoutly crossed themselves. I This not of devotion accomplished, the perambulation of the cathedral was continued, and attentive sore I tiny was bestowed on the old route of the pilgrim to the shrine-the staircase worn into gently undulating waves of stone by the attrition of countless thousands of human knees. The pilgrims arrived safe home in the evening, the ghost of St. Thomas, adds a correspondent, doubtless reflecting with complacency upon the many fair:or fervent lips by which the place of his martyrdom had been kissed that evensong. SIR BARTLE FRERE ON SLAVERY IN EAST AFRICA. At a meeting of the British and Foreign Anti Slavery Society, held in Exeter- hall, on Tuesday evening, Sir Bartle Frere, who, it will be remembered has recently returned from Zanzibar, was one of the speakers. The worthy baronet was received with loud and prolonged cheers, accompanied with the waving of hats and handkerchiefs. After, the cheering subsided, he said what he thought of what Livingstone and Baker and their companions had undergone in that cause, and how very little personal hardship he had endured himself, he felt ashamed of having such a reception. He could not give a better idea of the general results of his recent enquiries in Africa than by saying that not only were the conclusions of the Parliamentary Committee borne out, but the state of things was really worse than the Committee supposed, especially as regarded the northeastern corner of Africa, and towards Egypt. He wished I them to bear his testimony to the good faith of his Highness the Khedive of Egypt, who, he believed, was sincerely desirous of seeing not only the slave trade but slavery also, put an end to throughout his dominions. (Cheers.) His Highness was enlightened enough to perceive that Egypt could not range herself by the side of the civilised nations of En repo us long as slavery and the slave trade formed part of her domestic institutions ; but, as was usually the case where the Government was of a despotic character, the sovereign was not able to carry out his will through the agency of his servants. He believed that public opinion in England would exercise a most beneficial influence over both the Khedive and the enlightened statesmen by whom he was surrounded, as regarded the abolition of slavery. He feared that the Portuguese territory in Africa the amount of the slave trade carried on by sea was very much in excess of the estimate formed by the Parliamentary Committee, and though the horrors in the South might not be as great as they had been in the north, they were of such a chuructorthat the trade must he put down. Cheers ) The English Government could not met efficiently unless it was supported by the whole weight of public opinion. He was far from undervaluing the utility of the treaties which had been entered into. It was absolutely necessary, be thought, that their Government should proceed in accordance with the usages of diplomacy, and he was - sure that very few present would have wished to see what had been done, done in a more forcible manner. The treaty with the Su! tan of Zanzibar was signed before there was any exhibition of actual force; but it was the result of a conviction that England was in earnest in the matter, although many persons had previously said that she was not in burn out, and would back but never bite. The Sultan truly judged that there was something more than mere bluster on the part of this country. This was evident from the fact that, within a certain period extending up to the 20th of May, only thirty slaves passed the port against some thousands in previous years during the same period. But the treaty sink into insignificance compared with what they had just learnt of the results which had been achieved by Sir Samuel Baker and us Some persons had said that the object of Sir Samuel's expedition was slave trading in disguise, he would remark that he (Sir Bartle Frere) had had the testimony of many travellers who had followed in his wake, that the slave trade on the main branch of the Nile had been entirely stopped through that expedition. (Cheers.) Both Protestant and Roman Catholic missionaries had supported that view of the matter. As regarded the appointment of Consular | ustublishmenlB on the east coast of Africa, it seems to have been forgotten hitherto that the trade of the east coast had within the last forty yours increased from utmost nothing to such a large extent that there were engaged in it at present no less than 4,000 of their Indian fellow subjects, not us subordinates, but his partners and managers of houses. Between the northern part of the east coast and the extreme south, he touched at about 25 different points, and instead of a parcel of wild negro cultivators, and traders, and savage Arabian soldiers, he found civilised Indian traders, like those met with in the streets of Calcutta and Bombay, carrying on the whole commerce of the country. (Hear, hear.) The duty of England in reference to slavery and the slave trade was, therefore, something more than what some might term a sentimental or romantic fancy. At those traders might in case of injury appeal to the Government for redress, it was her bounden duty to see that English subjects were entirely free from the stain of slavery. (Cheers.) Some years ago, when General Rigby, acting as English Consul, required all British Indian subjects within the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar instantly to give up possession of their slaves, there was at first some dissatisfaction on the sub jool ; but after the thing had been done decidedly and at once, no one found himself any the worse for it, and trade had prospered ever since. (Hear, hear.) In like manner traders on different parts of the African coast had said to him, " if the Sultan is decided in the matter, and slavery is aboli I shed at once, it will be better for him, better for us, a and better for every honest man on the East coast of a Africa." (Cheers.) As regarded the Portuguese i settlements, he had no doubt of the excellence of the intentions of the Government at Lisbon ; but the Government was utterly powerless to carry out those intentions, and he felt sure that if a good English. Consul were sent to that coast nil honest and patriot's Portuguese would rejoice, and though he might at first have it rather rough time of it, his influence would be very beneficial. In Crypt the great increase of the slave trade was caused by the increase in the fashion of hooping slaves among a part of the population who kept them before, I arising, no, doubt, from the enormous increase in the wealth, of Egypt. A lady told him that her washerwoman, had two Blaves-(luughtur}-mid it was the testimony of missionaries that among the Copts, who were formerly scarcely stained with slavery at all, the practice, of keeping slaves was now rapidly increasing. How this evil was to be fine) it was difficult to say, evils which arose from fashion and luxury being especially difficult to cope with but he believed the influence, of English opinion would go a great way among the upper classes in Egypt, who were anxious I to be recognised as belonging to civilised nations. He was happy to Buy the Sultan of Muscat had, in the treaty entered into with him, gone beyond what was asked and agreed to a stipulation which scoured freedom to every slave who might be brought into his dominions. (Cheers.) A similar agreement had been entered into by the Sultan of the small but fertile island of Johanna. A good deal depended, no doubt, on the progress of udiioutinuin Eastern Africa; I But in that respective missionaries of all classes were doing a work which reminded one of the legends of the doings of Cudmus und Prometheus among the ancestors of the ancient Greeks ; they were giving the natives acts and language, touching them the use of numbers, and oivilUiug as well as evangelising them (Cheers.) THE CONFESSIONAL IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. Lord Shaftesbury presided on Monday evening, in Exeter Hall, at a crowded and enthusiastic meeting, convened by the Church Association, for the purpose of protesting against the introduction of the confes- sional in the English Church. Letters strongly de- predatory of the Catholic ceremony from noblemen and church dignitaries having been read, the Chairman addressed himself to the clergy and laity of the Church of England, and Friends of the reformation of the Church, and said that a most foul attack had been made on our religion, but that they were determined to combat it to the last, there being no labour they would not endure rather than see the Church descend to the verge of degradation. The noble chairman ' then went on to describe his disappointment and grief I in not receiving an answer to a communication which he had addressed to the Primate on the subject, and then proceeded to explain that the friends of the movement against the confessional desired concord ! and repose, but these were not to be attained by con- tre veiling God's touching and although they all had I her interests at heart, if the Church wavered in her | allegiance and abandoned her principles, let her go and all the bishops go with her " Polish all things j an That Christ be magnified." The conclusion of the Chairman's speech, which occupied nearly an hour in delivery, was received by the meeting rising en masse, the waving of numberless handkerchiefs indicating the enthusiasm of the ladies present. Sir T. Chambers, M.P., Mr. Newdegate, M.P., the Save. C. D. Marston, J. Bardsley, Sen., having addressed the mauling, resolutions were submitted deprecatory of the introduction of the practice of the confer sional, and calling on the Archbishop and Bishops to exercise their authority for its appraiser ; after which the proceedings ooucUded in the customary intruders ' \ 