A SPLENDID MUSICAL IDEA. A well known concert-manager,' who knows about as much .'about this world as Messrs. James Surith; Peebles, and/ other eoerb profess, to hnow of the next, has hit upon an expedient for making good vocalists good travellers vnac may be adoptod with- advan tage by other people who havo long journoys to perform. It appears that the manager roferred to recently organised a company for rather, an extensive country tour ; and while ho folt_ complete confidence as : to tho travelling capacity' of his soprano, who' for certain .reasons has becu almost as; great .a roamer as the enterprising impresaaHo him- self, he . entertained doubts as to the amount of- " go " iri the other' lady singer, whose surname is known to all lovers of finished and brilliant vocalisation, 'and yet whoso Christian name is . perhaps known to only one favored mortal To pre vent tbereforo any ' ohance of the Koyal' Academician either breaking down or knocking up, tho manager suggested to her the _ advisability, a week : or two before she started, . of becoming a permanent patron of the Melbourne- Omnibus Company. " Aooordingly, for tho last fort night, from morn to noon, ' from; noon to dewy 6ve, and oven in the witehirig hour of night; when ghosts prefer to do the block, the oolebraied contralto may have been Bean calmly seated in a Carlton or Collingwood omnibus. Other passengers got up and got down, hut sho wont on for over, like Long fellow's clock, or a female wandering Jew. Her lifo was a perpetual aories of excuses ; aud; from her having so frequently to ohange busses, it may be safely asserted that she had more upa and downs thai fall to tho lot of ordinary mortals. At first the bus-drivor thought his inevitablo passenger was a spy employed by tho Omnibus Com pany ; then, that in these days of women's rights, she aspired to his throne; and, finally (for even the historical catB'meat: man had bis admirers), that the statuesque lady merely aspired to his hand, and only "waited patiently for him" to declare; but when one day a box-seat , passenger told him who tho lady was, and that she was shortly going on a tour, it instantly ooourred to the driver that his constant compagnon th voyage had merely put herself into training. Let us hope that the (process adopted has proved successful, and that when; tho Exni. bition Concert Company are skirting tho Victoria Ranges, or crossing tho " dreary dreary moorland " that lies between Port land and " the Mount," the accomplished contralto will ride as comfortably in Cobb's jaok-coaoh ns she did for a fortnight in a Collinorwood omnthnn. Tn inert: the parties, we may mention that tho 'bus fares, and all tbo other ' expenses connected with the training, are stated tri have been defrayed by the manager of tho company. 