THE GOVERNOR AT MOONTA. Although his Excellency's visit to the im portant town of Moonta was anxiously looked forward to by the inhabitants generally, there seemed to have arisen a mistaken idea that his visit would partake more of a private than an official character, therefore no programme for his public reception was proposed, and to a certain extent the affair was rather disappointing to the residents after the enthusiastic reception accorded at Kadina. Nevertheless there were evidence about the hastily-got-up demonstra tion giving proof that warmth of feeling was not wanting, and that His Excellency had won golden opinions during his brief visit. Had the misapprehensions referred to not arisen, there was little doubt that the Moonta people would have striven not to let Kadina take the credit of having done most honour to Her Majesty's representative. When it was known that the Governor would soon be on his way to the town the Corporation had ready an address beautifully printed in gilt letters on vellum, and enclosed in a superb blue satin cover. The Friendly Societies also prepared one in an equally handsome style. Although, as we said before, do regular programme was arranged, the members of the various Benefit Societies assembled in regalia and with flags flying to receive His Excellency; but this holiday ap pearance was somewhat marred by the business like-look of the streets, where nearly all the shops kept open. The miners had a half -holiday, but the inhabitants of the most populous part of the Peninsula did not muster in very large numbers. His Excellency and party drove up in Mr. Higgs's vehicle, drawn by the team of greys from the mine, of which the people are justly proud. There were no triumphal arches, few flags, and no ' mighty surging crowd,' but a spacious and neatly-decorated platform was erected just off George-street by the Corporation, and there His Excellency, after performing the circuit of the town, drove, attended by an escort of troopers. The Mayor (Mr. Drew) and Councillors Assheton, Harris, Hague, Furner, Bennett, Rossiter, Beaglehole, and Buzza, the Superinten dent of the Moonta Mines (Mr. Han cock), and others received him upon the platform. The Mayor said: — 'I feel myself highly honoured by your Excellency's notice, and gratified that so soon after your arrival in the colony you have visited Yorke's Peninsula, where the people are ever ready to give a hearty welcome to the represen tative of their beloved Queen. As Mayor of this town it has fallen to my lot to present to your Excellency, on behalf of the members of the Municipal Council, an address, which but feebly expresses our sentiments of congratula tion, and with your Excellency's permission I will request the Town Clerk to read the same.' The Town Clerk (Mr. Crutchett) read the following address: — 'To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Province of South Australia and its dependencies. The respectful and congratulatory address of the inhabitants of Moonta and its surrounding neighbourhood through the Mayor and Corpora tion of Moonta. May it please your Excellency— On this the first occasion of your visit to the important mineral district of Yorke's Peninsula we tender our hearty welcome and congratulations to you who have been selected by Her Most Gracious Majesty our Queen as her representative in this most distant portion of her dominions, and feel assured that wisdom has guided her choice, and that under your administration the vital inte rests of the province will be promoted and its prosperity advanced. 'We beg to assure you of the continued loyalty and strong attachment of the residents of this part of the colony to Her Majesty's throne and person, and their prayer is that she may be long spared to her people to discharge the high functions devolving upon her. We trust that your Excellency, with Mrs. Musgrave and your family, may enjoy the blessings of health and happiness in your new home. On behalf of the inhabitants of Moonta, we remain, your Excellency's most obedient ser vants, Charles Drew, Mayor. G. T. Crutchett, Town Clerk. His Excellency, in reply, said:— Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen — This cordial welcome from the inhabitants of Moonta is very gratifying to me, and I thank you for the compliment which your address contained. I hope, indeed, that the choice which has conferred upon me the honour of being the representative of our Gracious Sovereign in this noble province will not prove unwise. It may not be within the scope of my power or my legitimate functions personally to accomplish much; but what goodwill, earnest desire, and the nature of my office may enable me to effect shall not remain undone towards promoting the best interests and prosperity of the colony. I readily receive your assurance of loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's throne, which is scarcely needed, so well is it known, but which I shall have pleasure in laying at her feet I pray you to accept my thanks for your good wishes towards my family and myself.' Mr. G. Jeffery, Secretary to the Lodge of the I.O.O.F., next read the following address :- 'To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, EsqM C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia and its depen dencies. ' We the united Friendly Societies of Moonta beg most cordially to welcome your Excellency to Moonta and the important mining district connected therewith. We take this opportunity of assuring your Excellency of our devoted loyalty and attachment to the person and throne of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. It is our earnest desire that the principles of philanthropy and self-dependence inculcated by these Societies may be found to aid in pro moting the wellbeing and good government of this, colony, with its large population, the major portion of which is more or less, directly connected with the respective Orders. ' We notice with satisfaction the interest your Excellency has taken in this important district; and we trust you will by this visit become thoroughly acquainted with its wants and neces sities. We assure your Excellency you will carry away with you the hearty goodwill and best wishes of your most obedient and humble servants. ' 'Signed on behalf of the various Friendly Societies, ' E. H. DERRINGTON, D.D., LO.G.T. ' Geo. JEFFERY, Foresters. ' C. M. BERTRAM, A.I.O.O.F. ' F. D. ROBINSON, A.I.O.O.F., M.U. « W. H. BENTLEY, C.R., I.O.R.' His Excellency said in reply :— ' Gentlemen —I am much gratified by this compliment from you in my visit to Moonta, and this testi mony of your loyalty. I have no doubt of the value of the principles on which your Societies are erected. The advantages of mutual assis tance and co- operation are daily becoming better known and more highly appreciated. I cannot fail to take a deep interest in so impor tant and populous a district, and I shall do my best to become acquainted with its wants and necessities in order to aid as far as I can in sup plying them. Pray accept my thanks for your good wishes.' Hearty cheers were then given for the Queen, the Governor, and Mrs. Musgrave, and an adjournment was made to the site of the new church. ; All Saints' Church. The want of a suitable building for divine worship has been long felt by the members of the Church of England at Moonta, and as the time had arrived when the people believed they could venture on having erected a handsome struc ture in their locality, every exertion for some time past has been made to raise funds for the purpose. A favourable site at the south side of the town was fixed upon, and His Excellency the Governor promptly responded to the invi tation to lay the foundation-stone. After receiving the addresses already given, he pro ceeded to the ground chosen as the site of the proposed church, where a pleasantly-decorated platform had been erected for his convenience. A considerable crowd assembled, but the threatening aspect of the sky boded a heavy storm, and many persons were deterred from attending. A harmonium was provided, and a choir of singers, led by Mr. Evans, joined in singing appropriate hymns. The Rev. C. G. Taplin chanted the office appointed by the Church on occasions of laying foundation stones, and was assisted by the Rev. Messrs. Hawkins, of Auburn, and Hocter, of Kadina. The choir joined in the responses, and after a hymn was sung, Mr. A. France, jun., read the following document:—' The foundation-stone of the All Saints' new Church was laid by His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor-in-Chief of the Province of South Aus tralia, on the 11th September, in the year of our Lord 1873, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in the 26th year of the consecration of the Right Rev. Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide; the Rev. Chas. Goodenough Taplin, Incumbent; Trustees— G. F. Wyatt, Lloyd Herbert, and Thomas Evans; Wardens— Wm. Gosse, Alfred France; Architect— Thomas Jonee, C.E.; builders— Maddern & Priestley; carpenters — Hayne & Lake.' The bottle containing a copy of the above docu ment, the Wallaroo Times of Sept 10, the Moonta Advertiser of September 9, and six current coins of the realm was placed beneath the stone. At this period the storm burst, and a heavy shower of rain descended, drenching those per sons who crowded the platform, and dispersing most of the assemblage below. Mr. G. F. Wyatt presented His Excellency with a handsomely chased silver trowel, made by Mr. Steiner, of Adelaide, having a handle inlaid with malachite, and bearing upon its blade the following inscription :— ' Presented to His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor-in-Chief of South Australia, on the occasion of his laying the foundation-Btone of All Saints' Church, Moonta, September 11, 1873.' Using this instrument His Excellency declared the stone duly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He then said he did not propose to make a speech, partly because he considered it was more a season for prayer than for useless harangues, and partly because the rain pre cluded anything like an address. He very much regretted that Mrs. Musgrave had not been able to witness the proceedings, as she took great interest in anything connected with religious institutions. She had been prevented from being present by circumstances beyond her control. Her maternal duties, which could not be neglected, had compelled her to remain absent on the occasion of a ceremony which would have received her warmest attention. He had felt much pleasure in accepting the invitation to lay the foundation-stone of a building to be devoted to such a good and glorious work as that of teaching a reverence for the true and pure worship of God. He fully appreciated the great amount of good done by other Churches, but he ever felt deeply gratified at being enabled to promote and cherish as far as lay in his power the Church of his fathers, which throughout his life had received his reverence. Through it flowed a strong stream of practical piety, and be was pleased to see the good work prosper throughout the world by the faithful efforts of Christian preachers of all denominations. It afforded him ungratified pleasure to mark the absence of denominational feeling in the pro ceedings of that day, and to see the interest and reverence of all assembled. There was ample scope for all who desired to follow the path of goodness, and he should like to see every denomination join in the one grand scheme of Christianity without regard to differences on small points of belief. He hoped to see the church, the foundation-stone of which he had just laid, devoted to the cause of God, and prosperous to the utmost extent in sending forth good words, and doing good work in the district in which it was placed. The Rev. C. G. TAPLIN thanked His Excel lency for his kind response to the invitation to lay the foundation-stone, and said the people of the district might be congratulated upon having his earnest support to that Church. Bo hoped the time would come when a much larger building would be required for divine worship. For some time the members bad been put to considerable inconvenience through the want of church accommodation, and after great exertions a suitable building was projected. There were 50,000 people of the Church of England in South Australia out of a population of 180,000, and as Moonta contained 10,000 or 12,000 inhabitants it would be strange if there was not room for church extension. The new church would hold 450 people, and that number would soon be increased by God's help, and he hoped there would be need to enlarge the building. The total amount of the :ost was £1,500 or £1,600, and for that amount he was responsible ; but he had no fear that the people would not give their aid heartily and sincerely. The Rev. Mr. HOCTER said 25 years ago there were five Anglican churches in this country, and with the help of God they had increased to 75, and he firmly believed that in another 75 years they would number 175. He was pleased to see the members of so many denominations present, and showing so much Contributions to a considerable amount were laid on the stone. The rain fell heavily during the latter part of the ceremony, and the reporters for tho local papers, as well as the two specials present on behalf of the Adelaide dailies, found great difficulty in taking notes of the addresses. The following description of the church has been kindly furnished by the architect, Mr. Jones:— The design is in the early English transition style, and was pro posed to consist of nave, transept, chancel, and tower, but it has been decided to omit for the present the two latter. The internal dimensions of the building will be— nave, 72 feet 6 inches by 22 feet 6 inches, and transept, 22 feet 6 inches by 12 feet. The height from the floor to the ridge will be 36 feet. The church will contain sitting room for about 400 persons. The roof will be open, with stained and varnished timbers. There will be three two-light windows on either side of the nave, a triple-light window at each end of the transept, and similar lights at the end of the nave and chancel. The string course connecting the labels over the windows will have mouldings in character with the style of build ing. The architectural details are simple, plain, and remarkably neat, and in perfect harmony with the general design. The material to be employed is limestone, with freestone quoins up to the base and bricks for the re mainder of the quoins and dressings. The structure will be deeply buttressed all round. The contract of Messrs. Maddern & Priestly has been accepted for the stonework, the amount being £680 16s. 8d.; for the carpenters' plumbers', painters', and slaters' work the tender of Messrs. Hague & Lake has been accepted at £645. There were four other tenderers. His Excellency then left, and later in the day was shown over the Moonta Mines by Captain Hancock, and expressed great satisfaction at what he witnessed. He also visited the Wallaroo Mines. Concert.— On Friday evening, September 12, a concert of sacred music was given in the Pine street Wesleyan Church, under the patronage of His Excellency and Mrs. Musgrave; the Governor, however, is absent from the city. The attendance was very large, the gallery being filled, whilst a considerable portion of the body of the building was well occupied. Mr. J. W. Colton acted as conductor, and Mr. W. B. Chinner presided at the organ. The soloists were Miss Thomas, Mrs. Chapman, Messrs Pappin, Trudgen, A. Chapman, Cheeseman, and Saint, and about 25 vocalists composed the chorus. The first part of the programme con sisted of a sacred cantata, entitled 'Abraham's Sacrifice,' by Haite, in which the principal events recorded in Genesis xxii. are rehearsed. It consists of several solos— which fell to Messrs. Pappin and Trudgen and Miss Thomas— choruses, duets, &c;, and the greater number of these were given in such a manner as to show that the singers possessed a clear conception of the various excellencies of the cantata. Its music is not of a florid or difficult nature, but several parts contain delicate and pretty passages, and these generally were successfully rendered. Altogether the cantata, which occupied about three-quarters of an hour, was received with just apprecia tion. The second portion of the concert consisted of a miscellaneous selection of favourite solos and duets, with several choruses from the 'Messiah,' ' Creation,' kc These latter were fairly performed considering the small number of small voices available. The most attractive pieces were the instrumental performances by Mr. Chinner, who gave in a masterly manner Rossini's 'Cujus Animum,' and a grand organ concerto, which was a pleasing illustration of his skill. His excellent accompaniments, too, contributed greatly to the success of the concert, which was concluded shortly after 10 o'clock. 