THE CONVICTION OF STOKE8 FOR THE MURDER OF JAMES FISK. From the Htio York Herald, January 5. On tho last day of tho year which has rolled by sinco Fisk fell mortally wounded on tho stairs of tho Grand Central Hotel, we arc called upon to announce that tbo law has ad- judged Edward S. StokeB guilty of tho murder oharged upon him. Yesterday tho ablo defeoco ssid its last word, the prosecution uttered its - last appeal, the impartial judgo charged' with clearness, and tho jury retired. Those who havo folt tho solemnity of tho moments that follow at such times; who havo traced upon tho prisoner's face the torturing alternation of hopo and fear tbat lifts by turns its bright- browed spirit or its affrighting ghost, will need no pioturo boro of tho thrco hours that preceded the whisper running round the oourt room of tho jury having agreed. Thchcart- broken sobs of a sister, stabbed with tbo bitterest grief that tbo world can bring, would alone bavo told last night that tho verdict of tho jury doomed tbc guilty ono to a degrading, - infamous death. Society that shrinks from murder, that cries aloud for justioo Gr for vcogoanco before tbo victim's blood has dried, softens its heart in pity before sucb sorrow. Tho crowd disperses; tbc patient jury scatter; even tho sad grief of tho hoplcss sister roost flow in tbc snored privacy of bomo. All that remains beforo as is the doomed mnn sitting alone io his iron-grated coll, with bis crime and its consequences swimming before bis eyes. A pitiful, moving sight! Kctributioo, with cold cyo and immovahlo face, will show you tbo furtber horrors that sho demands beforo she can bo sati-6ed. Mercy will plead to be spared tho sight, but time will move on, and only reveal N as ho goes which spirit will pre vail. Viewing the matter thus, wo go no further now. Twelvo men have indelibly fixed upon Stokes tho awful'crimc of murder, the law and its executives will dctcrmino tbc rest. .. Wo a-e not surprised at tbc verdict. A year ago all but a day, Fisk, bold, reckless in- triguer ns no was, uica by the uana oi siokcb, a man with whom be bad long boon engaged in a bitter quarrel. It would bo fruitless just now to enter ioto tho details of that quarrel, which covered all within its range with such a leprosy of vico. Tho shameless face of fallen womanhood, that blasts with its pernicious beauty so many hearts and Jiomc?, workod its sharo of tho sin which culminated in the murder of ono man and oow cries for tho blood of another. When onco tho mind falls from its aolf-rcppcct in ono particular; who can tell to what dep'h of mnral depravity the descend ing iJeps will lead ? The twolvo patioot jurors of yesterday havo fearfully' answered thnt question in the case of Stokos. Another voice of tho law will still moro fearfully toll to morrow at what cost. . From the Hew Tbrfc Timet, January s, As ro havo said, abovo all tho covert sym pathy that uioy, iu somo quarters, bo felt for Stokes, there will ari&o; a general feeling of satiafuotion tbat wo bavo' reached a turning- point in our murder trials. Prococdings con ducted with a ficaror approach than usual to professional decorum, a oloar and explicit charge from tho Bench, and a unanimous ver dict, after mature deliberation, hy tho jury, all these arc somewhat of tho naturo of novel- lies in tho trials of our great criminals. To tho scoro or so of alleged murderers' who aro awaiting trial in the Tombs, tho oonviction of Stokes will he somewhat depressing news. To tbo publto who were gravely considering tbo problem whether tho murderers and the cri minal lawyers ore not becoming-too strong pud too cunning fur tho regular process of tho law, tbo news will bo reassuring, and will put an ond, fur tho present at least, to a good deal of wild talk, partially justified by rcccut deeds of violence. ' Ou tho Gtb January, Judge Boardman sen tenced Stukos to death, aud named the 28th uf Februaty as tho day of his execution 