POLICE COURT—PORT ADEkAIOtC. -\iURSDAY, June 26. [Before Mr. 10. J. Peake. S.M.I Philip La Broeq and John Tht&inier;, seamen ' of the Nerio, were charged with desertion, and ordered to be put on board, the vessel being about to sail,—John Bcmest, chief officer of the same vessel, for a similar offence, was dealt with in a like manner, a charge of assault against the master being withdrawn. Edward Baker, seaman of the Jung Frau, was committed for 12 weeks with hard labor for desertion. According to the Albxtry Banner of June 14, the late rains and mild weather have rendered the country on the Lower Murray all • that could b3 desired for pastoral purposes. Lambing has been general for some time, and the lambs 'appear to be healthy and vigorous. In some of the paddocks on Boomanoomana and the Tuppal. it is expected that over 90 per cent, of lambs will be realised. The Melbourne people have got a ghost, and the Daily Telegraph thus relates the story : —'' The head or a well-known Melbourne firm sends us the following narrative, every word of which be vouches is * strictly true—On the 14th instant I was on my way home from busi ness, in company with a gentleman ; tho time was as nearly as possible 6 to 10 minutes past 6, We" were passing along Spring-street, on the opposite side to the Princess's Theatre, and about opposite that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the point of running against some object which was crossing the foot path from, the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pass across my path, and, as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. Ha instnnMw "tdnnuS — -tit ttJSU placed liis hami out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment, we watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for soma distance behind. The appearance was of a very peculiar prey transparent nature. I cr-uid not for !be life of me say the foiui it took. The tu-' len uess of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start which -he affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. On the following day I was passing the spot—only this time on the top of an omnibus—when I pointed to the pls<w, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against somebody or something at the very spot, and that he shouted ont to it, 'Now then, mind where you're coming,' when he also was somewhat startled to see the appearance and* denly disappear." A schoolboy remarks that when his teacher undertakes to show him " what is what," he only finds out whioh is switch. " Madam," said a certain nameless one to Mrs. Brown the other day, "you are talking simple rubbish." " Ye», Sir," replied the ever crushing lady, "because I wish you to compre hend me." Michael Gorman, of Pcntiac, Mieh'gan. has died from the effects of habitual over-eating, in spite of the warning of the disgusted'doctor, who said, " If you will gormandise, why Gorman dies, that's all." 