BALL All AT MINING BOARD. Monday, 15th September. Present—Mr Bickett (chairman), and Messrs Jones, Netted, Spillman, M'Donell, Elmsley, Black, and Magnus. Correspondence.—From the Secretary for Mines, granting ten days’ leave of absence, from 12th Sep tember, to Mr H. Wood, secretary to the board. From the New Koh-i-Noor Company, saying that there was no objection on the part of the company to the sale of certain allotments in Lyons street south, applied for by Jacob Thomas.—Referred to the member for the district for a report on the subject. Prom the Douglas Quartz Company, withdrawing all objection to the sale of an allotment in Barkly street. From tho Bungareeshiro Council, nominating the' president for the time being on the Local Forests Commission."— Referred to the commission. From the Mining De partment, asking again for a report on the character of the land applied for by Mr G. T. Lewis in the parish of Yarrowee.—This matter had been referred to the members for the district. From Mr F. C. Downes, forwarding his resignation, as he had de cided to settle permanently in Sandhurst, and expressing regret at the severance of his connection with the Ballarat Mining Board.—Decided to receive the resignation, and forward the letter to tho return ing-olficer. The chairman expressed regret at Mr Downes’ resignation, as he had been one of the most enthusiastic and energetic members of the board for many years. On the motion of Mr Elmsley, seconded by Mr Black, it was decided to forward a complimentary letter to Mr Downes. From the Leviathan Company, consenting to the sale of the fee simple of certain land within tho boundary of the claim applied for by John Kirby.—Referred to the member for the district for a report. From the Lands Department, forwarding tracing of land to the east of tho railway line at Lai Lai, which the Minister had decided to withhold from selection under the 19th section of the Land Act. From E. G. Magnus, Blackwood, saying that the sale of certain laud re ferred to in a letter of enquiry would not interfere with the mining interest of the district. From the Cluues Borough Council, saying that through the death of Mr J. Roberts, one of tho managers of the Clunea United Borough and Gold-fields Common, Mr J. Stephens had been- nominated as manager, and ask ing the concurrence of the board in the appointment. —The appointment was confirmed. From the Bun gareeshire Council, asking that action with reference to the appointment of the president as member of the Local Forests Commission might be deferred for the present, as a motion would come before the council to rescind the resolution nominating the president on the commission.—Referred to the Local Forest Com mission. From the manager of the Carngham and Chepstowe Gold-fields and Town Common, with the half-yearly balance-sheet. Orders of the Day—l. Forest reserves.—Discharged from tho notice-paper, as the matter had been dealt with. 2. Regulations under the Land Act 3869. Postponed. 3. Drainage bylaw.—The consideration of this matter was postponed until the next meeting, in order that members might come properly prepared to deal with it. On the motion of Mr Elmsley, seconded by Mr Black, it was decided that the Minister of Mines should'be requested to instruct the district-surveyor to supply the members of the board with tracings of areas free of charge. 4. Grant in aid of the School of Mines.—Postponed! A Complaint.—Mr Elmsley called attention to the fact that the Minister of Mines had consented to the taking u p of certain auriferous lands near the Learmonth Reef, Egerton, under the 19th section of the Land Act.—lt was decided to write to the department on the matter. The board then adjourned. The Rev. C. Clark on Waedill. — In the Aye report of the Rev. C. Clark’s lecture on “Moral Suicide” is the following:—“Never while he lived would he lose from his mental vision the scene which he recently witnessed in the charnel house, where, swollen and disfigured, lay’upon the cold stone slab, with the water continually dripping, the body of one who a few days before had been full of life and vigor, of one who had possessed some admirable qualities, but who, the dupe of men wilier than himself, had entered upon a course of crime in which from the very first detection was unescapable. And the cause of it all was not far to seek. The statements of the public Press, tho cartoons in Punch, led them to the belief that he had acted his part more or less amongst some of the most prominent men in the city. Gambling at cards, combined with horse-racing, had at last hurled him into eternity. It had been well said by Lavater that a good and wise man might occasionally, under certain circumstances, be tempted to game, but that a habitual gamester never could by any - possi bility be either a good or a wise man. A man from the day ho commenced habitually to play at cards, or to give or take the odds on horse races, was a moral suicide. But if (referring to Wardill) that were the fate of tho tempted, should no retribution fall on tho head of tho tempter ? Some men denied that the evil spirit, the devil, had any real existence, and yet they every day saw, in the persons of well- dressed, sleek, smiling men, • damned devils, systematically leading their fellow men to min, and at last to the Hinging away of their wretched lives; But although such men grew rich and mighty, it would not be well with them before God. At the feast, the ghosts of their ruined victims would rise Banquo-like; in the night they would steal by their beds, and at last would call for blood for blood. -And yet the clergy were not sup posed to know of these things.: They did know of them, and would to God that they could all have the courage of their opinions, and speak out like men,’* 