TRIAL OF A BAND OF BRIGANDS. (Feom the Iuropean Mca ailJ A TRIAL has boon going on at Szogedin, in Hungary, tho extraordinarily complicated and dramatic history of which is destined to ocupy a conspicuous plaoo amongst the criminal records of all countries and pochs,. The individuals involved may be counted by hundreds-their crimes and offonces by thousands; and the first arrests took plaeo as far back as 1860. The Lloyd of Pesth gives an outlino of the ease under the title of the Procts Sandor-Sandor being the name of the chief of a band of malefactors whose deprodations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szogodin and the sUr rounding district. It appears that over ainoo 1860 the inhabitants of Szogodin had booomo so terrified in consequence of the daring exploits of Sandor's baud of brigands that they lookeod and barred th6nisolves in their houses at dusk, and dared not to. ven ture into the streets oven during' theo day without being armed with revolvers and swordstioks. Robbories, incendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day. M. do Raday was sent asn a royal oommies aionor to Szogodin to put an end to this do plorablo state of things. M. do Raday soon booame convinced that not only Szogodin but the whole comitat and the surrounding dis tricts wore infested by formidable "oom? panies" of briganuds, whose organisation was complete and their circlo of naction clearly defioned. After carefl and minute inquirios the royal commissioner found, to his amazoe ment, that a number of administrative and ,judicial functionarios wore noting as aocom phlios of the various bands of briganuds-that even the titled notabilities of the district notdd as receivers of the stolen property. Crimes have boon brought to light which weore perpetrated thirty years ago; and an old man of seventy was condemned some short timoe ago for a crime committed when he wao forty years of age. The novel and peculiarly " psychological " system pursued by the royal commissioner in order to find out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners wore completely isolated from the rest of the world during their confine mont, and their eyes were bound in order to prevent any conversation iy signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. "Oom panions in captivity," totally unknown to them, weore placed in the earno cells, who soon insinuated themselves into the confi dence of the prisoners, studied their charac tors, made themselves acquainted with their socrets, and used all their efforts to bring about a full coneossion. With regard to Sandor, the royal commissioner himself suc ceeded in getting a full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics of a most ingenious kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his reputation and to be in the habit of looking down upon his loss daring accomplices as more "pur loinors of chickens," Us. do Raday ordered Sander to fall upon his knees before his fel low-prisoners-tho small-fry of the band whose instructions were to reproach their chief with being a chicken-stealer like them selves. The ruse was perfectly successful: the proud Sandor's "honour" was mortally wounded, and the "brigand king" (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of Iris long series of crimes, as well as those of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the royal com missioner in the case of another famous brigand named Joan Bajdor was this: Basjdor is known to be exceedingly super stitious; he is charged with having com mitted two murders, and insists upon asseort ing his innocence. One evening, the exam ining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows :-"John Bajdor, I cannot sloop on your account; the ghost of Peter Bodri, whom you assassinated, appears before me every night, and threatens to haunt and tor ment me until such time as I shall have put the rope with which you strangled your victim round your own nook !" On saying this, the examining magistrate throw a rope round Bajdor's nec, and ordered him to be taken back to prison. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwithstand ing his fifty-nine crimes, jumped up affrighted, and rushed towards the door of his prison, crying for help. This was the moment the examining magistrate had anxi ously awaited; he made his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having murdered Bodri and his son, bht also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes. In consequence of those disclosures, the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their nooeks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they had committed. All the malefactors arrested, it must not be forgotten, are kept in the utmost ignorance as to the charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetration of such or such a crime; they wore simply asked to give an account of any offence of which they might acknowledge themselves guilty. By this moans a number of crimes have boon brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idea of how desirable a place Szogodin must have been to live in may be formed from the following enumeration of the cases which are now being tried before a specially appointed court. When the royal commis sionor first arrived at Szegedin there were 1500 criminal charges to be heoard; a little later 500 more charges were made; and when the royal commission had terminated its duties 050 fresh oases wore brought to light, malting in all nearly 3000 crimes of thie gravest character. Of this total 1000 judgments have already boon given,, and nearly all those judgments have been con firmed on appeal. The crimes and offences discovered by the royal commission amount to 8000. The principal charges are those of murder, robbery, pillage, inoondiarism, &o.;, the oeases of robbery alone exceeding 4000. 