OPEN COLUMN. MISS. EVANS AS;" HAMLET." TO THE EDITOJJ. ~ DEAK Srn,—I have always been inclined to think-'that Shakspeare intended his melancholy Dane to partake for move of the character of a girl than that of a man, •which so many wooden-headed critics and actors in the lnstory of the stage have so passionately maintained. It was therefore •with much pleasure that I heard of Miss Rose Evans essaj'itig to play the character at the Royal, and with still more that I availed myself of the opportunity of a sliilling's-wortli of the play in the pit; and I must say that I would like to see the spiteful and purblind critic who after tlie performance of last Friday night would still dare to assert that the Prince was not a Danish girl in disguise, and that he was not removed for a season to England by the immortal bard, that lie might have the advantage of polite training at an Auglo- Saxon ladies' school. The scene upon the battlements gave me fits and raptures— without attaching to the former the vulgar every-day meaning—for I saw my idea fully carried put, as the Prince, unable to hide the fact of liis being a disguised schoolgirl dragged out into the cold, made hiswhimpering enquiries with the true mode of the weaker sex. Certainly it seems un T aatural that a girl should try to meet a ghost, even a parent's ghost, so misguided and improper in its behaviour as to keep its feet when its reality lias; been laid on the shelf long before, with Ins. head rolled up in a neat parcel; but then Shakspeare made a mistake there, and I hope -M[iss Evans when she next plays the part will have that passage expunged, and the ghost banished from the boards. It is far too likely to give the Prince the hysterics. I think the interview with the Queen ought also to be expunged, for 110 girl would talk to her maternal in such strains as Shakspeare there misguidedly puts into the mouth of the supposed Prince—language which, however, I am sorry to say came direct from his pen, and was not in- .'. terpolated by Colley Cibber, or any other of'the. adapters. Then I cannot see what the immortal bard could have been thinking about when he gave Hamlet s.ucli an unfeminine part to perform as the'killing of Polonius. It is all very, well for us to •have a. Lady Macbeth once in the way; but women are not so cruel after all, and that scene should also- be judiciously pruned away. The interview with Ophelia, in which Hamlet tells her-to go to, a nunnery, is very fine and exceedingly natural,, carrying out my idea perfectly ; for whp, on hearing Migs Evans as Hamlet give the advice, could come to any other conclusion than that he had been, to the nunnery himself, and highly approved of its dietary scale and lodgings; and'I would have that retained. But I think some kind friend of the poet should really- do away ! with that horrid grave-yard scene, for when do you hear of a girl going to - walk in a cemetery such as that of Elsinore, where there are no nurses or perambulators to be seen, and not one. of her. sweethearts fig likely to stray once in a blue moon ? Girls - don't take such nasty things, as^skulls into their white hands ; and I must further remark that supposing Hamlet to be H young person in disguise—which . I feel Sure of— it is most improper to make liim fight a duel, and die in that horrble style at the end. With these slight clippings taken from the play, as Shakspeare thoughtlessly turned it out of his hands, I 'think Miss Evans will make a hit; but she will hardily be thoroughly successful till then, Don't spare the scissors: Shakspeare is dead. WOMEN'S EIGHTS; 