\ -- ; BURYING THE WBONG WOMAN. A REMARKABLE ouo was recently reported in Water- ford. Ii or «onie time past a Mrs. Keene, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexander-street, in ? that city, had' been , in the Union Hospital,' and a messenger from tho union brought him. intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to tho workhouse, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy ef the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick's Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, ho received £3 10«, the amount due to him under the. rules' of tho society. He next prooeeded to tho under-' taker's, purchased a coffin, and sending up to the work-' house,'had the remains placed in'lt and conveyed to hi« own residence. The usual wake was held, when all tho rotatives of tho deceased with the neighbours : assemble'd, and the general impression of all who saw _ the corpse was. that deceased had greatly, ! changed (ince last they saw her. The remains' were followed by a host -of' sorrowing friends'tb.' tho gra voyait), and- were solemnly interred, Keene's grief being so- great that he could hot be comforted. . The- grave,- however,1 was olosed over the romains, and ' all returned home Borrowing. , Keane proceeded to wotk the next day, and at night returned to hf« desolate homo. While sitting ? taking his lowly supper that evoning the latch, of tho door was lifted, and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and de- lighted at agata being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms round his neck, in the . wildest ecstacy, ben au kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hairnet addressing the ghost, :.besought of her to say'if she was. really mortal. "Mrs, ; Keene could not understand poor Keane'u cohduoo at ¡ Bist. When Kenno'n bewilderment began to cease,';ho ' i narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane Roreamed, with laughter nt ' the ' wake arid funeral. . Keane immediately prooeedod to the union,' and thero ascertained that a Mrs. Keano had. really died in the ! house, but that she was the wifo of a John Keane resid- ing in Peter-street. On hearing" of the matter the agent of tho St. Patrick Society was furious, because tho seoond John Keane was not a'member of the' sooiety; ' Tho whole affair has created the greatest amussmont intheoity. . . . >¡ . :lt In - feeding, cows for milk and. batter tlie. following suggestions may be acceptable: Boise jour" own cows, do not buy '.them,, strange animals aro ill treated and often injured. If you wish to get all-the , milk possible, feed fiigli,. and in two years " you can drive all the milk out of a cow"-on the contrary, feed moderately and many cows will hold out until they aro 21-Bovoral instances were mentioned. Cows treated kindly will not ho vicious. Ko 1 rule for feeding .thom can bo of universal application, their constitutions must, ho regarded as much as in tho human ruco. 'Abundant testimony is given inf avour of fodder corn, with a prefer- ence for sweet, corn. Ono herd bad been wintered on.it. thus far-out with a hay-cutter-two quarts shorts, and two quarts cob meal added. Af tor fodder cj>rn is well cured pack closely in tho barn us cowBwill not eat .it if . it is two dry. One milk producer stated that ha. could not moko it pay to uso tho highest priced hay j he pref erred a pooror quality and moro meal. In reviewing Bomo dozen oxperiqncos, no allusion con bo found to tho. uso of cooked food for dairy cows. ' " ? " SYDNEY: - Printed and Published by BAMDE* . BENNETT, Solo Proprietor, at the Empira Office, . Plit-streot.-Tueatlay» .»ind. April, 1B73. ; 