LOUIS NAPOLEON. Barely two years and a half have elapsed I since that masterly cartoon of Tenniel's i appeared in Punch , depicting the spirit I of the great Napoleon warning his I nephew back from the Prussian campaign; and looking at the picture now it seems to bo filled with quite a prophetic signifi- cance. Louis Napoleon was represented I as cantering unconcernedly, almost gaily, I towards the German frontier, where the war-clouds loomed dark and ominous. Accompanying him, "aimed with toy wea pons, was his Bon, who was soon to receive that historical " baptism of fire" which waB followed so promptly by tlie over throw of tho empire to which the lad stood heir. But the principal figure in the sketch, it will bo remembered, was that of the ghost of the world-kaown commander bidding his presumptuous imitator " boware." A few weeks sufficed to justify the picture, and now an inglori ous death lias comploted the catastrophe. The question tho world with all its million tonguos will at this moment be discussing ia — Was thoro ever any touch of true greatness in the mm who for I twenty years attracted the gaze of nations, I or was he merely distinguished so long as I he was successful 1 When full informa tion of contemporary ovents comoB to be disclosed, he will be judged not by the I actions which are patent to alt, but by the motives which instigated those actions. That Louis Napoleon committed great I crimes— forswore himself, shed much in. nocent blood, and suppressed liberal as- pirations — can hardly bo gainsaid; but his- I tory does not commonly condemn such I acts liarslily if tbey seem to have been I designed to further some scheme of polity I worthy of genius. The deeds of g'rom- i well are condoned because of his reli- I I gious earnestness and fervor; those of the I great Napoleon because of hisuueonquer- I able thirst after glory; and those of the I Prussian Frederick because of his love 1 of country. Have we evidence that any I passion of this character iuspired the soul of the late Emperor ? During that me morable night when ho and his fellow conspirators straugled tho noblest aspira tions of France, had he a thought that went beyond his hopes of personal success? History will deal hardly j with him if it bo proved that he was simply selfish; and there will ho difficulty, wc conceive, iu arriving, at any other conclusion. For religion ho cared nothing. So far as his owu predilections were concerned, ho was inclined to pau- theism aud fatalism. He used the state I religion when it suited his purpose, aud I upheldjthetotteringpapalthronoso that he in return might receive the support of the priosts and those whom the priests con trolled. For the pomp of war ho had no genuine liking, and had recourse to it only when tho exigencies of his position de manded that tho national appetite for glory should be fed. As for patriotism, hiB warmest friends rarely laid that virtuo to his charge. lie was never iu danger of playing the role of Curtius, and immolat ing himself for tlio beuofit of France. In fact it could not be expected that he should care greatly for a country where he was regarded by numbers as a foreigner and an interloper. He devoted much money and attention to the improvement aud adornnment of Paris, with the ob vious object of strengthening his own position, both by giving employment to I the workingj classes and rendering the city easily accessible to artillery in the CVVUHUL Kll lU3UilCtllUU« I The dealings of Napoleon the third with literature and commerce will be found to have been as consistently self- seeking and narrow-minded as the rest of the proceedings which marked his career. Before he became Emperor he used the pgn to spread abroad views calculated to increase the preatigo of his family ; aud after ho had secured the throne, he adopted the same means of adding to his inilucuco and heightening his self- glorifi- caliou. For literature as a guild he had I no sympathy. Its leading spirits were / t necessarily his keenest enemies, and he I took care to koep them at a distance from I the country whose liberties lie had ruth- I lesaly slaughtered. To commerce, he I and his half brother Dr Mount looked i to help forward their own private cuds, I and, unless both are greatly bcliod, they I found means not unfrequoully of turning I schemes of public policy to private advan- I I tage. Louis Napoleon was a gambler by I I nature, and when he h% 1 won his highest I I stake, the throne of Frauce, did not I I hesitate to play the game of speculation I for less brilliaut though equally Bub- I stautial rewards. The fact that the last I stake played for was lost, and that the I gambler died in exile, though a Gnc iu- I stauco of poetical justice, will not affect I the verdict of history. Even when he I was at tho height of liis power, and the I money markets of Europe suffered if ho M.A — i- — t... ..A — 1. . A. -V 4-llA VftUS iopUl vvU vU mVC m llvMUitwllv l/liw I world was filled with wondelr rather tliau I admiration. Tho sentiment his elevation I evoked in neighboring nations was akin I to that with which an audience watches the exploits of a Blondin or a Leotard. I | Men were lo3t in astonishmont became he continued to maintain his place. Many regarded him, with Victor IIuuo, as but the shadow of an Emperor throughout his whole reign. Tho nation which lio had I I first tenified and then debauched, I seemed to be longing for a favorable I moment to turn and reud him. Had he J died on the throne ho would not have I been regarded as a whit greater by men of I thought than now that he lies w ith scant I signs of state or honor at Chiselhurat. 