Mining Items. We (Monaro Times) understand that the result of the crushing of three bags of stone Bent to Sydney from the reef at Nelson ls at tho rate of I07. 4dwts per ton* This is a fair result from what may be called surface stone. We (Monaro limes) have heard favourable Bocounts from the Homeward Bound, Bendoc, of the appear ance of the reef; tho shaft I« to be sunk to a certain depth, when stone will be raised and crushed, willoh lt ls anticipated i will yield 4oz to the ton. The Morning 8t»r tunnel is pro- I (Tressing steadily, nuder the superintendence of the Messrs. Greville-two ot the shareholders in that reel. The Ironbarks correspondent of the Western Examiner says:-Tho Alarm Company will havo their mnohinorv oompleted in a law week«, and also Messrs. Loa and Dargile, The Golden Gully Company had about 10 tons of quartz crushed at the Ironbarks Company's machino, which yinlded about, 5£"/. per con. lam Informed that tho company intends flinkia« another shaft, and mora thoroughly try the ground. Themaohtneis busy working night and day crushing «tone from the Monaroh claim, Oliver reef. The shareholders May they have about 80O ton«; after whlnh tho Esperance Company, Post-ollice reef, who have a qnautity of Btone raiser) ; Austin and Co. ; ulao about -200 ton» at the Welcome Stranger, Mills and Co. ; and I believe it ls tho in tention to brinL' a quantity of stone from Bonada tr» bo crushed. Tho Oargo correspondent of the Western Eiamincr writes on Vebruurv 21 :-The news from this «old fleht is most encouraging. Throe louds of dirt irom Gum Fl«, uta depth of 120 feet, with throe feet of wash, has given 13dwt8tothoload. This lathe seoond bottom. Other shafts ara down 230 feat, and still not bottomed. Thero Is 11» doubt exutlng in my mind of thoro having been au Immense lake orrivurln this place, that is to say, judging by analogy. The reefs are also looking up. I saw n prospect crushed roughly from albs of Btone. und tho result was Idwt Mgr» of floe gold.' inls, was taken from No, I Ironclad South, «t a depth of 100 J*et- }'ho Bise and Shine Co. aro now about 28 feet In with »heir drive towards the reef, and from all indications would expect them to bo on gold shortly. The stone they are going through is full or gold-bearing pyrites. Tho surveyor has wan nure, and many dalma for a long time held lu abeyance will now be nt work. Mr. Campbell, shareholder and mana (W of tho Ironclad Prospecting obum, has been appointed manager pro. tem. of the Now Obum Hill Company, and they are making actlvn preparations to reBunie work. The Bombala Times says :-The Messrs. Marriott's proourud 2So7, and 6dwti of rotortod gold Irom ö70wt of quartz, but thin must, nut be taken IIB the notual yield mr tun tiUlwiBare hound tonguin #o through tl.oDolly. It I» probable that tho stone will moro than realise the expectations Ätfl . w,m 8et down as IO07. tack willyt laying at «rasa. Aitnmigh Messrs. Marriott de»erv« all orodlt (or tliolr per ;.of'eri"loei nntl rl,e ludupnndont spirit dlnplaveil by thom In tciusing any outside lumlstuneo, yet lt ls a pity to seo auch stone manipulated upon by such a primitive grinder. TliB United Miners adjoining being satisfied with the lateral ex tension of their infam- have given instructions to their miners to sink a shaft, on the lode, nnd prove its extension vertically; the reef still continues about, 5ft 6in in thickness, and im proves in quality ns it goes down» This compauy apparently mean business, having already recured a water right, a r ice, a tunneling site, and a machine site of 2 acres. About three months ago a porson lost in the sorub found a payable alhi vJa¡ prospect. He has not sincere-visited it, and doubts his anility to find the precisa locality. Some experienced bush men aro going to start shortly, and try to find out the placo. The Sideling Gold-mining Company (says the Braidioood Despatch), at the Deua Hiver are making great progress with their works, and evidently intend to oarry out their arrangements in every possible way to ensure success. The mining mauager reports :-The water wheel about to be erected at the mine will bethe most powerful ever built in tho district, and judging from the supply ol water and tho size of water race now bringing on, will be quite capable of1 driving from fifteen to twenty-live head of stampers. A t" "»el about 10O yards iii length is heing driven through ti hill for this race, which has been taken hy contract by a ourty of men who have set to work in a very systematic munner. A tramway has be»n laid nt both ends, and the stone is run out in trucks. Thntnnnel is about midway between head of race and machine site, and work is going on at either end to have the whole completed by thc time the tunnel is through. The upper tunnel at tho mine lias open retimbered, and preparations made for working tho free gold stone whioh cnn be got in any quantity, s" that, with suoh a body ot stone, and inexpensive method of working, this mine bids fair to pay handsomely upon a very small yield of gold. In the lower tunnel men are also employed raising three tons of tho mineral lode for shipment to Eiieland tötest its real value and discover the best mode of treating the sam«. This isa stop in the right direction, and should the home returns only equal the various tests mada in Syduey of this mineral, and the true method of testing the same upon an »xtenslve foale be discovered, this mine will prove ono of the richest in the southern district. "We (Border Post) are prepared to admit that a certain amount of reaction has set in in this district lately in reference to mining, but that it is to the «xtent represented we altogether deny. There is a considerable amount of pros pecting stil) going on in the immediate neighbourhood ; and wo have no doubt that, ina vory shorttime.it will be demon strated to be of soma value to the district. At the Black Range, tho Ethiopian lease is still being worked by the com pany ; tho tunnel is in some 150 feet, hut thov hove not yet struck tno reel, though it is supposed that 20 feet will bring them into the vicinity of, if not on to, the rich leaders aban doned by the blackfellows. In the creek an old abandoned shaft has again benn tackled by a company ; when this shaft was being Worked some time ugo, the water was found to bo too strong, and it was given up. The pro«ent company have christened tho claim the " Try Again," and we ha e every reason to believe that this time they will snocood ; tho depth of the shaft is 94 feet, At Slay Day ree» (Conroy's) work is still being prosecuted, nnd a large quantity of stone is now at grass. The original shaft ts down some 80 feet with a fine bold reef throe feet thick, the fine gold being very visible through the stona ; there is up wards ot 100 tons of stone to grass ; a half share was sold in this claim last week for L500 cash, ¿ease No. I west has some 60 tons of stone on the surface. A tunnel is now being put in between the prospectors and Nb. 1, from which it is intended to work the two olaims, and also No. 1 east ; the tunnel is iti 108 feet, and in 24 more feet they will cut the reef at a deptli ot 90 feet from the surface ; the machinery about to be erected will be placed ns near as convenient to tho tunnel. No. 3 west (Galvin's) is down 45 ieet; the reef is 3 feet through, the stone «howlng good gold. After a great amount of labour and perseverance, the party holding No. 2 lease east (Man cran's) have obtained the reef, and aro now sinking. The shaft at One-Tree Hill (Smithers and party) are still prose cuting a search for tile reef ; they sunk the shaft 70 feet and are now driving north ; tho drive is in some 100 feet, and during their progress, they cut through several gold- bearing leaders. The opinion is that the reef here is at a considerable depth, the party therefore intend to commence to sink the shaft to a depth of 150 feet if necessary ; this party certainly deserve great credit for the way in which they have persevered, and we trust they may soon be rewarded tor their labour, Work has benn at a standstill for some weeks past at the Hawks view reef, but operations were again resumed on Thursday last.. Hr. Martin, who lins erected a machine of 10 stumpers for tho purpose of crushing from this reef, expects to com mence work about this day fortnight. At Happy Valley Reef the party are still driving, and expect to cut the reef in about ton daysor a fortnight. The Bill End Times of Saturday last says : Neither Beyersaud Holtermann's, nor Krohmann's, are likely to finish in time to admit of our giving the result in this issue. Krohmann's will probably turn out the quantity mentioned in our last, (between U.000 and 15,0(l0oz), but nothing definite cnn be said until the crucial test of the scales is applied. We spoke at some length in our issue of Wednes day last on tile gambling now going on in Sydney with respect to tho anticipated dividend from thisolaim. The pant few days have witnessed these operations in greater force than ever. We have been told on good authority that specu lators have bought and sold the dividend as high as 25s per script Men must be downright lunatics to indulge in transactions of this kind. To pay such a divldond, it would require th» crusning to yield something like 30,000oz of gold. Good ns the claim intrinsically is. this stupid gambling is calculated to injure it. These who have bought the divi dend at an extravagant price will find themselves seriously on the wrong side of the ledger ; and as the burnt child dreads tho fire, so will this and other genuine enterprises be deprived of the support of many of those individuals, who have only their own stupidity lo blame for the losses they will inevitably suffer. Boyers and Holter manns also expect to finish crushing to-morrow, so that t he gold from these two olaims will go by the same escort, »nd will probably hn near 20,000 ounces-not a bad three months' work. We may now begin to look forward to some of the many outside claims being proved. Most of these leases were floated about tho same time ; and the majority will probably be proved, for good or ovil, nearly together ; and while wo are perfectly well aware that many claims have l een floated which, so far us practical men eau tell, have not the "ghost of a show ;" it is also an undoubted fact that there aro many genuine enterprises, only requiring time und patience to lead to a satisfactory development. Great interest is felt in the progress of mining in the Koot Hog, Turon, and Macquarie distriots. A few good crushings from those claims would be of wonderful assistance in res toring piiblio confidence. Many of the claims have very large quantities of good stone at gra«s, but tho extremely rugged nature of the country renders crushing almost an impos sibility at present, us the carriage of largo quantities of stone to the machines now i" work wou'd, in many instances, make a large hole in the returns. It is a great pity thut some of those claims, such as the Welcome, with hundreds of tons of stoneready for orushiug, cannot ut once gotit put through ut a remunerative figuro ; hue from tho cause we have men tioned, this cannot be done ; and the managers uro accord ingly accumulating their quurtz in heaps, waiting until crushing power is near and available. The lied Hill Com pany, Tambnroora, nre now in full swing with their orush iug mitoliine. The plant is a very fine one, and tho manner in which it has been erected refloats great crediton those engaged in the construction. We understand the compauy intend to crusli fur thu public, und us their charges ure to be very reasonable, they will no doubt, recul vo a fair silure ol support. Accounts iroin Tambarooracoiitinuo to bo of an eiicnirngiiig tinture; and there seems every reason to believe thut'ore long " old Tambaroora" will nguiu come to the front, us a gold-producing locality. Thiui/s seem pretty quiet at. Green Valley at. present. Tho last orushiug ol' tho l'eup-o' Day Company, though it. did not turu ont us well as wus generally m.pected, was payable; and as depth ls iittaineri th» stone seems to improve, so that tho plucky shareholders In this company have every chane» of reaping a reward in due time for their lurga und spirited outlay. Tba trial'crushing lrom the Gigantic Struggle is another proof that the gold of the district Is bv no means confined to Hawkins' Hill; and although we cannot ox|>ectto find such another very rich spot in tho neighbourhood, there ure plenty of openings for the em ployment of capital, with tue prospector a far higher return than can bo obtained in any other direction of enterprhe. The following has been handed to ns as an extract from a prlvatn lotter from tho Ironbarks i-'. I am glad to Inform you that this district is daily Improving, and expect to soe it a great place in a few mouths. Tho new maohiiie is a success. It Is now operating night and day ou a paddook of stone from the Monarch-about 800 tons. The reef ls about 0 feet wide. Lee and Durguu's maohine-also tile Alurni Company s-will bo ready for ornshlng In about frix weeks. Each w'ill have ample Htono fur crushing for sumo tim« to ootne. The Lord of tim Isl« is raising line sto/iu fruin a reef fi feet wida ; also from a parallel roof about 1 foot wide. Tho Odiriigorum is also getting to grass somespleudld stone. Their reef is abouti toot wide. The Stringybark Intro a splendid roof. Tho Redfern is raising stoiiofi'om a reef 3 feet thick, that is guaranteed to go over ISoz to the ton. It is my intëhtion ol sendintr you fuller particulars of the claims, &&" iii a few day's. I ttm prevented now from pres sure of business matters." We were shown on Saturday morning some fine äpeci mens ol copper ore, at tho offices bf Messrs. C. Bate ¿ Co., George-street. The sample is from the Stanwell Copper Mine, Kockhainptou, and was taken from two shafts, ut a depth of some three feet-tho lode being about ii feet. 6 inches wide, and consisting of a grey ore and bltío and green carbonate of copper, described ns cropping on tho surface for the full extent of the property. Should this be the base, as there seems no reason to doubt from a report received from Captain M'Donald, of Rockhampton, there seems every justification for hazarding the prediction that this mine, beiug most conveniently situated with regard to water carriugn, will rank amongst the few of the paying properties of tho colony of Queensland. It is estimated that tho cost of bringing the ore to Newcastle wili Hot oxceod í)0s per ton, and it is understood that the proprietors ate about to put the venture before the public in the sh Upo of a promoter's company. Tho sinking of tho new main shaft at Waratah, Sally's Flat, progresses rapidly ; it is already down 18 feet; and timbered and centred 10 foot. The mining man ager states : -" The sinking is much harder and better defined than in the Native Rose Shaft, the veins aud stratum moro regular, showing we ha^e passed tho break in tho roef, which is now solid, and showing gobi. Wo are carrying two veins with us, of Which I like well About 40 feet to east of shaft we have unothor reef showing on the surface, which I propose to drive too when the shaft is at a proper depth. *It is the sain, ereef as at the boundary of Native Itose and Magnolia, and runs parallel with prospectors reef." The mining manager of the Native Bose, Sally's Flat, reports :-" Stone still carrying good gold ; have four bags of good payable stone for ornshing, and am hag ging daily stone as per sample sent you. We have be sides 12 tons at grass showing gold more or less. It is my opinion that we have a good payable reef. I hope to have three tons ready for crushing in tho early part of next month." At Comet, Wattle Flat, operations are suspended, pending tho receipt of fresh tenders, former tenders being considered too high for acceptance. Messrs. H. Fairfax and Co. report, having received a lotter from the mining manager of the Lord Shaftes bury Gold-mining Company, "Gundagai, in which ho states of his having come upon a splendid leader four inches wide, and showing good gold, and he anticipates in a few days of striking the reef. Ho is.confident every bucket of quartz takon out of tho mine is gold bearing j specimens have arrived ut the office of th« company, and can bo seen on application to tho legal manager. Yetholme Gold-mining Company.-One ton of tho quartz taken from reef at 3i feet depth, carno to town yesterday, and is now being crushed at Mort's machine The mining manager of tho St. Helena Gold-mining Company, Oakey Creek, reports as follows, dated February 10th :-The tunnel is now in 66 feet 6 inches ; the ground looking bettor than it has done beforo. Slate is coming in which groatly facilitates the progress of tho work. No. 6 Crummies G.M. Co. -The manager, under dato of February 18, says :-" We are down 69 feet with tho shaft, and would have done a little better but for a hard bar wo mot on Friday. I hope to make the loss up next fortnight." Yulgilbar Gold Fields.-No. 4 North Garibaldi. Our correspondent writes :-This claim brought to light some very heavy gold to-day. The looso gold and that contained in the quartz is estimated to go over lOOoz. The quartz has been placed in the Australian Joint Bank, Solferino.-QrcCfton Observer, February 18. 