A VISIT TO KIAMA. i I BY A. STBOLLXK. I CANNOT imagine why the people of Sydney have such an inveterate stay-at-home tendency. By this I do not mean that they absolutely spend their holi- days within the precincts of their various residences, as I know the contrary to be the fact. Our citizens are never tired of picnics down the harbour, never weary of oft-recurring visits to Manly Beach, and not a few patronise the Saturday excursion trains, which have for their limits Picton, Penrith, and Richmond. Some are more ambitious in their desire to see the world, yet with the majority their Ultima Thule is either the Hunter River district on the north, or the Blue Mountains on the west, while the south is comparatively neglected. This to some extent is, I think, attributable to the absence of any inducement on the part of those who have the management of the steamers trading in that direction. My own experience of one of them is that she was neither as last as a Cunarder not as clean as a P. and O. boat, and that although country farmers who are compelled to visit 55) dney on business may put up with what they cannot" dispense with metropolitan tourists cannot help grumbling if, like myself, they cannot get even a pillow to relieve the tedium of eight hours on a Bott plank. Next time that I hear shareholders of steam companies grumbling about decreased profits and small dividends, I shall be apt to fancy that a little better management would have conduced to a different result. I began about a visit, to Kiama, and find my self inadvertently drifting into a dissertation about steamers, and how they ought to be managed in order to command popular support and increased profits-a line of business, which, to use a Wardian phrase, is " not my fort." Reverting to my subject proper, I may state that a few nights since I found myself outside the Heads in a steamer bound south, every berth filled, every sola " pegged out " long before it was time to go to roost, and at least a score occupying temporary staterooms on all parts of the poop, including select spots near the man at the wheel? Called upon top of a number of Vacated hencoops and empty butter casks, 1 recognised a racing celebrity, and on one of the side benches, abreast of the cabin skylight, a Government official, usually found in the Assembly when " Mr. Speaker is announced. He might have had the melancholy pleasure of stretching himself on the cabin floor, but as he did not seem to care about his wife sharing a couch of that description, he preferred keeping watch and ward while she converted one of the seats into a branch of the ladies' cabin and occupied it for that night only. Daylight found us at Wollongong, and by 9 a.m. I was on the wharf at Kiama. To a casual visitor it did not appear a probable spot for historic " ghosts " to luxuriate in. The residents and their abodes had a matter of fact air about them not at all likely to be congenial to phantoms. Two places of temporary abode were suggested to me. One a comfortable-looking "public" near the wharf ; the other, Jackson's private hotel, in Manning-street. Having selected the latter, where I found excellent accommodation, and spending a short time there obtaining a few items of information as to what there was to be seen, and how to see it, I sallied forth to make a closer reconnaissance of the town and its Surroundings. Almost everyone who has visited this place has gone to see the Blow- hole and the name is so suggestive of long-winded outlets that I shall refrain from adding anything to what has already been written about this remarkable freak of nature. My first visit was to the site of the Kiama basin, familiar for years past to every member of the Assembly under the title of Kiama Harbour Works, in which so much money has been already expended. These works, so far as I could see, consist of the excavation of a large basin ; but I was informed that a considerable sum had been laid out in construct- ing a breakwater of rubble and clay taken from an adjoining hill-a style of construction totally inefficient in such a position. The so-called breakwater lasted until the first easterly gale, and the site is now partially indicated by a number of blocks of uncut stone, none of which seem large enough to have been of the smallest use for such a purpose. Barriers erected to prevent the sea interrupting operations in the basin shared the fate of the breakwater, and for many months the excavations were filled to tide level. Some time ago perhaps through the persuasive eloquence of Mr. John Stewart, the apostle of re- trenchment it was decided to make another effort to complete the basin under the direction of the officers of the Public Works Department. Work was accordingly resumed under the immediate supervision of Mr Anderson, a Government engineer. The first step taken was the formation of what may be termed a coffer-dam, extending from the north-eastern portion of the basin to within a few feet of the steamers' jetty, and thence southward for about 200 feet. It was a work of great difficulty considering the rocky character of the bottom on which the outer planking of the dam stands perpendicularly. This is backed up by a framework of heavy piles, firmly braced with cross pieces, and supported at short intervals by massive timbers, extending to the solid rock at an angle of about 43 degrees. On the top of the frame- work was placed a large quantity of stone, as ballast, and all the interstices in the outer planking carefully closed by divers. Three sluice-gates, extending from high to low water-mark, were fixed on the western side. "These were opened as soon as the tide began to ebb, and closed on the first of the Hood and in this way the depth of water in the basin was cheaply and quickly reduced to low water level. A large engine, situated on the eastern side of the works, and formerly used for pumping operations, was again utilised, and the depth of water was steadily decreased, until at the end of a fortnight the greater portion of the bottom became visible, and displayed two half-ruined trucks, formerly used for the removal of rock, &c.;, from the excavations. The tramways on which they ran appeared still in tolerable preservation, though some of the woodwork bore traces of the teredo navalis. The pumping power j at present available consists of one large and two smaller lift pumps; a fourth, one of the i largest size, is in position, but out of order. For some weeks the three pumps being more than sufficient to keep the water under, it was anticipated that no difficulty would be felt in future. These hopes were dissipated by the effects of the high tides at the close of the year. The outside pressure upon the higher portion of the dam was then considerably increased, and may have forced v the, bottoms of some of the planks out of their places. At any rate, when I visited the works, I found the influx of water from leakage greater than the pumps could expel. The southern or inshore portion of the basin has been sunk through clay and rock of basaltic formation to a depth of about fifteen feet below the level of the sea. In about the centre of the space now enclosed,- the rocks i which formed a portion of the sea beach I still remain, and upon these I found a few men at I work drilling holes for blasting. There were also some labourers employed constructing a light tramway along the top of the temporary sea wall. To a casual observer! the latter would seem strong enough to resist anything, yet I fear that a heavy easterly gale will give it a bad shaking. It is not a trifling thing to resist the full force of the ocean during such winter storms as prevail on this coast. Until such a test has been applied, it will be a waste of money to continue sinking the inner cutting to the proposed depth of twenty-three feet. Why not employ a sufficient number of men to cut a channel wide enough for a vessel to pass through from the dam to what is now the deepest portion of the basin, so that in the event of another collapse the latter would not be altogether useless, as it was before. Under any circumstances the completion of these works will involve the, expenditure of as much more money as they have already cost. For the life of me I cannot conceive what it is all for. The traffic at present is fully provided for by the steamers, and, if I mistake not, the producing powers of the district are as great now as they are likely to be, unless the coal deposits in the vicinity ore worked. Let us suppose that such was the case ; the port will never be made a good one, and the money required to render it at all safe would go far to construct a railway from Sydney via Wollongong and Bottle Forest. A Kiamaite gravely informed me that this was in contemplation, and hinted that an ex-Minister of the Crown had. lately been looking for investments along the proposed route. Close to this Kiama wharf, Mr. Wakeford has erected powerful machinery, capable of breaking 90 tons of road metal per day. At present only about 30 tons are broken daily, just sufficient to provide the schooner Peri with cargoes for Sydney. Mr. W. recently sent the- hull of a new steamer to Sydney to be engined, but as she would only prove remunerative in case the basin was completed she was disposed of. Kiama has much to render it attractive to those who are wont to make summer excursions from Sydney. It would make a fashionable watering place of the townspeople had spirit enough to provide baths. Such a thing was recently proposed, and I was informed that a local dignitary opposed it. successfully, on the ground that as he had only one bath during his residence in the town he did not see why other people could; not do without them. Cleanliness doesn't rank next to godliness in his case. To intending visitors I would say be sure to make a trip to the top (of Saddleback mountain, -it will amply repay the journey. On one side are hills and Valleys flecked with white Dun houses as far as the eye can reach towards Wollongong. Turn to the southward, and flocks and herds, comfortable homesteads, and verdant meadows form the foreground. Further on Crooked River seems like a thread of silver amidst the dark green foliage by which it is bordered. A long strip of sandy beach on which the restless ocean ceaselessly breaks- in snowy foam forms the connecting link with the darker and colder back ground extending from Shoalhaven towards Cape St. George, over which towers the summit of the Pigeon House. 