voice OF THE PULPIT. This column Is entirely supplied by correspondents, ana every communication we rcccivo on Monday morn- iocs upon tho subject has Its placo here, Wo havo to apologue to our corres pondents for necessary retrenchments to-day in consequence of proBsuro on our space. At tho Hotbam Wesieyan Methodist L-nuron in tho morning, tho Rev. Mr. Fitchett prenched a rather striking discourse from tho words, "Every man shall bear bio own burden." Ho said that Christianity enjoins the widest community of interests, that no man can livo for himself, and that tho law of eocioty is that wo should boar ono another's burdens. But although that rcli. gion breaks down the walls of Eclfhhucss, it builds them op again ; for it shows man that he possesses a self sovereignty which nothing can diminish or destroy. And no man can plead that bia business keeps him away from God, unless ho keeps a public-house ; for there is no pasting from the bar of ono of these to the kingdom of heaven ! Some men want to got to heaven by interest and patronage, and fanoy churchcB aro maohinos for making Christians, and that a minister can produoe Christianity iu others. But that is not his bufiuess. He cannot savo souls. The importance of religion docs not lie in preaching. It is oaoh man's business to E.avc his own son, and this cannot bo done by proxy. The only way of salvation is by repontauco and a holy lifo. Tboso aro tho passports to heaven. Thoroforc, ovory ono mnst bear his own hardens ; and no person has any authority over his brother's, oonsoionoo, nor any right to cotno betweon him and God, whether as pope, priest, or prenchor. Christ, however, is tho great burden boarer of mankind, and wo must enter into partnership with Him ; always romombering that we pass through tho gate of death singly, just as in tho old Pagan legend Charon was represented as ferrying tho pasceugers aoros3 tho Styx to tho land of ehado .vs, one by one. At Chalmers' Church on Sunday even ing tlio Rev. Mr. Harper expatiated on tho J2th chapter of Isaiah, which he described as a hymn full of intense Jehovism. Speak ing of the redeeraod, he said thoy were those who had been reconoilcd to God. In re- nowod human nature tho hungor for holinets grows by what it foods upon, and shows itself in an increased desiro for the ordi- danoea of public worship. AH men who havo been saved by grace are inoludod in tho rem- nant spoken o: by Isaiah. But how few these wero nowadays ! Was thero not a great incongruity between tbo Churoh re- fer/cd to by the prophet and the Churoh as it is ovory where around us? Tho prosout is a time of darkness and faith Ioesuess, of loti- tudinariau indifference on the ono hand, and of sectarian bitterness and animosity on the other. It was not so onoe. It was not so in the days of Paul, nor at lho epooh when tho north of Europo was C iristianisod. Tho preacher tr,ok a desponding view, and drotv a gloomy future of tho present Btato of tho religious world ; observing I hat this rendered it all the more needful that wo should try to save our own souIb and those of others. Wo must till out- souls with tho waters of salva tion, drawing them from tho wells of lifo in this arid and watorless secular land of ours. Tho Rev. H. H P. Handfield preached yes terday morning at St. Peter's, nelocting as t.ho subject of his discourso the calling of Matthew from tho receipt of custom by tho Christ. Tho sermon was ominontly prac tical. Tho rev. gentleman mado an impas sioned appeal to his congregation to ocino from tho receipt of custom, to givo over spending their time in scraping gold and land together, in ever thinking about the perishable things of this world. Tho English, as a nation, were steeped in commorco, thoy livod and existed for that alone ; they lived to bo called tho " prinoos of tho laud," not thinking, or ovon understanding what the word of God said would bo tbo fato of such. Tbo rev. gontloman concluded by reminding his bearers that next Sunday is Hospital Sunday. In tbo evening a vory excellent discourse was delivered by the same preacher, from the text, "For we preach not our selves, but Christ Jesus the Lord ; and ourselves your servants for Josus' sake," wherein ho oarnestly exhorted his hearers to forsake worldlincss and self, and to follow tho footsteps of Him who "oasis unt> tho world, and tho world know Him not." Tits congregation was not so largo as u. ual, owing probibly to tho threatening aspect of tho weather. Tbo musical part of tho scrvioo, under tho efficient management of Mr. Sum mers, wns admirably rendered. At All Saints, St. Kilda, yesterday morn- ing. tho Rev. J. H, Gregory preached an iin- pre'sive discourse from Matthew ix. 9. — " And as Josus passed forth from tbouoo Ho saw a man named Matthow hitting at tho receipt of custom, and He oaith unto him, Follow ine. And he arose aod followed Him." At Erckiue Church, Carlton, yesterday, sorvico was coudnoteil by the Rev. James BuHantyne, pastor, who oltoso for his text, "I cm tho Light of the World," uud there- from preaohed an interesting and able dis course, illustrating tho life of Christ by tho puiity and revealing light of the sun's rays. At the Presbyterian Church, George ntreot, Fitzroy, tho Kov. Mr. Hamilton preaohod last night, ohoosing as his text Matthow xii. 50\. How condescending, ho said, was it of Her Gracious Majosty Queen Victoria to visit tho poor and read tho gospel to them, and what affection does such a cloveroign not gain in tho hearts of hor subjects ; hut how much more condescending is it of tho King of ICings end tho Lord of Lords to put asido His grand rubes and make us His children. 1 In tho morning, at St. Andrew's Presby terian Church, Carlton, the Rev. D. S. M'Ksohran preached an eloquent sormon to a largo congregation from John xv. 11 — " Thceo things have I spoltou unto you that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might bo full." Tho pronchor said there was imtoh joy in tho life of Jesus, and it wbb a mistake to supposo otherwise, for although there was uo record of His having laughed hut enly that of His having wept, yob the Inc. that He attracted so many to Himself shnwod He possessed a happy and gonial (lis- positiou. List evening, in Victoria Parade Congre gational Clmroli, tho Rev. S.C. Kent preached on " -tuinbliiigblooks. " Tho preacher con- eluded itu impruisivo sermon as follows ; — I would net be ocntout to ho olear of your blood. T do not simply want to shako oil responsibility as far as you aro concerned. I dcsiio your salvation. I would uso tho worit3 of an old Scotch divino, "God is my witness I had ratbor gain ono Bout to Christ than mountains of sold and silver to mysolf. Your heaven would bo as two heavons to mo, and tho salvation of yon e.ll as two salvations to me." At St, Patrick's Cathedral yoBtorduy morn ing, t ho Rev. Father Lordan preached from th.'i Co pel of the day, "A certain man before liitn had tho dropsy." Tho rev. fathor said that Christ not only cured all physical maladies, hut aire all spiritual ones, of which the physical wero but tho type. Thus dropsy was typical of a lioh avaricious man. A peculiarity of tho diecaso of dropsy was that the more ono drank, tho more ono wnntod to drink. So with tlio avaricious, tho greater riches thoy accuinulctod tbo more they craved after, and the craving increased with ago. Their rioiies never flowed out to other)-) but wero kept for themsolves. It had pleased Cod to make some mon rioh iu order that thoy might givo bountifully to the poor, and thereby ensure thoir soul's ' salvation. Tho poor might also thank God for thoir poverty ; . thoy escaped the terrible tempta tions of tho rioh. Tho Rov. Charles Clark proaehed at tho Albert street Baptist Churoh in tho evening, to a congregation that literally orammed tho bnilding, from 2 Cor. iv. 3 and 4 — "But if our go'spol bo hid, it is hid to them that aro lost. In whosa tho God of this world hath blinded the minds of them whioh believe not," &c.; Blindness — physical blindness — by whioh all tho hoautios of naturo, tho effalgent sunlight that streams over hill and dale, tho never fathomed depths of the azuro sky, or the sweetness of earth's fairest children — tho flowers of the field — aro all shut out from tho man who by it is aonsignod to a darkness which iB almost more keen in pain than doath itsolft This state is an illustration of the darkness of the spiritual blindness of the natural man who sees not tho things of God, " his under standing being darkened." Men become blinded by prejudice, being disgusted with tho inconsistencies of the religious. Others aro blinded by tho "God of this world," being led by their lusts, and God allows them to remain in this Btato, giviDg them over to thoir own devices. None unaided can discover tho mysteries of God. Men talk of naturo, philosophy, knowing self, and so on ; but tbeso can only sbovr sin, aud unless light falls upon men from God they aro Bhut up in darkness and cannot soo tho gospol, which is tho manifestation of tho glory of Christ, Preachers are always forcing their own ideas upon people — thoir orthodoxies and heterodoxies, their isms and their ologies, which have nothing to do with tho gospel. It is Christ, and Him only, who should bo presoutod. Doctrines aro mostly distortions of truth, and tho obatinato worship of ohuroh ordinances', doctrines, &o;,, tB the most fruitful aourco of modem scepti cism. Tho duty of ministers is not to stifle thought, but to let it go free, and simoly present troth to thoir hearers- Faith seems to be tho organ for reooiving truth. Tho brain may bo conscious of truth, but tbo heart may be untouched, and so unless illumined by tho light from abovo tho man will bo under the shadow of a groat darkness, and must remain so unloss ho allows tho Holy Ghost to load him to Christ. Tho discourse, whioh was a vory eloquent one, was illustrated with apt quotations from Milton, Shakspoaro, Tennyson, and others. The Rev. T. F. Bird preached yosterday morning, in East Melbourne Congregational Church, from the text, " My grnce is audi- cient for thoo." Ho laid down three propo sitions whioh he said arose naiurally out of the sentence— 1st. Man mnst Bnffer phyBioaily and montally. 2nd. Human naturo ia unable of itself to bear up under trials of an intensely severe oharaoter j and 3rd. Divine grace is amply adequate to support a man C7on in the most trying ana distressful circnmstaaces. Sunday School anniversary services took placo at the Wesloyau Churoh, Punt Road, Prahrau. In tho morning the Rev. J. Watsford, taking for his text the 22nd and 23rd versos of Judo, dwelt on the impor tance of all Christians engaging in the work of saving others, nnd so to vary their means as to adapt themselves to the various tem peraments of individuals. In tho afternoon tho Rev. W. Leleon addressed the children, aod iu an allegorical form skotohed tho fall and redemption of man, concluding with a few practical remarks. In tho evening the Rov. H. Bath preached from Corinthians ih, chapter iv., 3rd and 4th verses, and remarked that notwithstanding all the moanB whioh could be put forth, the gospel would bo a partial failure, owing to resistance on tho part of man. At Collins street Baptist Church in the forenoon, the Rev. Mr.. Martin selected as the subject of his discourse the Efficaoy of Prayer. He said that for tlio first timo in history the Efficaoy of Prayer had been openly denied by men who professed at the Bame time to boliove in tho oxistenoo of Cod, and tho Church had been publicly challenged to prove the material benefits of prayer by a practical test. To accept such a chaliongo and brine the prayers of the' Churoh to the tost proposod would bo an aot of gross impiety. Ho was afraid1, however, that a -trustful belief in tho power of prayer was not at present a characteristic of tho great body of the Christian Churoh. The great want of tho day wns a fresh baptism of tho Holy Spirit. vVe bad fallen into tho grievous error of deponding on mere human learning, on mere forms of prayer, whioh tended to make prayer a mechanical modo of addressing God. 