BURYING THE WRONG WOMAN. A remarkable oase was recently reported in Waterford. For eome time past a Mrs. Keene, wife of a man named John Keene, residing in Alexander street, in that city, had been in tbe Union Hospital, and a messenger from the Union brought him intelligence of her death. He im mediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, fee proceeded to the agent of the 8t. Patrick's Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certificate oi death, he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under the ruleB of tbe society. He next proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and Bending, up to the workhouse, had there- mains placed iu it, aud conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the relatives of the deceased wiLh the neighbours assembled, and the general impression of all who saw tbe corpse was that deceased had greatly changed since tbey last saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, and were solemnly interred, Keane's grief being so great that be could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting taking his lowly supper that evening the Lt aU j /I aam r o n liGaH nnn im at n 1 b off »£ lalvll Ul tUV uuui hod in ncuj auu iu n oiucu uxi c. Johu Keane, and, delighted at being again restored to her home, she ruBhed at him, and throwing her arms round his neck in the wildest ecBtacy, began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was rtally mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease, he narrated all the story of tbe funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake aud funeral. Keane immediate y proceeded to the Union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keane had really died in tbe house, . but that she was the wife of a John Keane r siding in Peter street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St. Patrick's Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of tbe society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. 