stockyard; cheek. , fvnnxr orit OWN COllIlUa l'O N DENT. 1 10th March. Btoctcyara Green aurmg tue interval De- tweeh'tho courts is rather a'duli place, bnt on looking round ono .finds a .promise of considerable prospecting being doiio for quartz mines immediately adjoining the alluvial workings. I. paid a visit this morn ing to the Opbir. line of reef, and inoro par ticularly to tbo claim of tho Ophir Gold Mining Company, which has -just been regis tered. In tms claim quartz was obtained at a depth of about 25 ft. which yioldod 3 and 4 oz. Ser ton, and in a tunnel which was driven a istance of 200 ft. several lenders contain ing gold were crossed ; the stono, xvbicli has been worked abovo water level, is a rubbly quartz mixed with a kind of pipeclay, and the gold is found both in the solid stone and in the clay. After working tho surface stone for some tirao a new shaft was sunk and a payable lode crossed at the 90 ft. level, out it wns decided to continuo sinking, until now they have reached a depth of 150ft., where a large body of stone lias been met with, showing good gold. The water level beiug oidy some 'JO feet deeper it was? necessary to erect some appliances for baling, and a whim was erected and operations commenced to-day for clearing the shaft of water, preparatory to opening out on the stono. The shareholders anticipate, from tlio appearance of tho stono cut through, that it will yield quite as much as the stone previously worked, Tho redf at this level is much better defined, and is full of galena, uiundio and otber minerals, wbicb wijl ne cessitate the erection of better machinery than' is at present on Sto- Kyard tb savo the gold. The only crushing plant hero. at pre- sent is' a small four bead battery, and the amalgamating process very primitive. After the last crushing of the Ophir Company, the pyrites from a table of about 13 ft- long were sold to Mr. Davis, an assayer residing here, and be obtained from a small quantity 6t oz. gold, so that it is quite c\ .acm something is wanting iu the process for sav ing tho gold. On tlie custom side of the range, abutting the rubble, quartz, and pipeclay, a bar of granite shows op the sur face, which oil being bared' _a little way down shows an eastern underlie. G'd has frequently beeu seen in this, as also have small leaders onrrying gold crossing it, while the tunnel was being driven, _ and it is sup posed that when tho shaft is deep cuough to cut this granito liar a permanent and well-defined reef will bp found. SI oou Id this bo tho case, there is -little doubt but that it. will bo immensely rich, as all the gold obtained in the alluvial in Stockyard is quartz gold, the blaiius immediately adjoin- lug the Ophir anil Alnean go. s "t-niy no rich. Several claims are;UOW working on this line of l'cef, the deepest being tho African, 200 ft. The ..Werragereo are sinking 300 ft., present depth 60 ft., baying cut ii leader, showing gold in the casing. The Golden Bar aro now taking out stouo showing good gold at the 40 ft. level. Othei claims are at present standing, but should any of the abovo, claims cut anything at a depth, tlio lino will scon bo in full worx; Some dissatisfaction exists at tho dilatori- ucss of the M iniug department iu respect to the granting of leases here.:, Tbo Great Southern Company holding ground next adjoining the Mechanics', which company are now getting good gold close to tho Great Southern,' are prevented commencing opera tions pending issue of lease, imd Bevcral large areas of ground are being held pin- worked und or applications for lease, which, if dealt with by tho department, would cither have to ho worked in . accordance with tho labor covenants, or lie thrown open for the individual miner. 1 paid a visit to the coal mine; some "mile and a half from hero, a few days ago, and was .rather, sur prised that, no steps have been taken to further test tlie existence of coal in payable quantities. 'The coal which is 011 the surface, is of good quality, . ami although the country about here is much broken, theve should be no dilficulty in getting' sufficient money, to test the ground by boring, and the surlace indications ought to bo sufficient to warrant the outlay. The dilficulty of carriage to the part would not lie much, as there is plenty o\ timber 'to bo bad. for a tramway, and it' by boring a good seani eouhl be disooverbd. of as good a quality as the surface coal, it would pay well. -1 am informed tbat tlio .export who caino hero to report'on the coal field was not used to work coal in a broken .country, and, therefore, ' gave it as his opinion that no permanent lode would'bo' fuuud'hore ; but would it not be better for .the promoters aftd those iuteresterl to get the opinion' of a man from tho Welsh country, whore the: country ix as much broken as , this, as being more likely- to assist, them as .to the proceed- iugs to bo tnkuu iu further prospeoting .' Xothing of a definite nature bus yet;beeil" heard of any now nisli, .although several' parties are out; but yesterday a -miner who goes by the cognOnien of 1 " t rench Charlie',.. aud who is one of our most ind'cfatigablci prospectors, received an 'intimation to, remain . here foi; .'some news frolii a/party OF liiq mates who are out. This Charlie is a most extraordinary card; preferring to go oitt alone to having mates with him, and ho has had soveral liear chances of .losing his .life. He earno into Btoekyard' a little over a week aim, having been seven days without food daring thfi liito' kevoi e wet weather, and to make matters worse xvaS without matches, so had no (ire. . He accounts for his' getting lost through his compass hectimiiig.rusty,_ tad not working properly, and It, was the eighth day before Tie'eouhJ. see, the sun. so as.to gilib hiin liis . direction. However, he landed ( more like a ghost than anything,- :aud it rib . quired groat cure to get him alhright again, 'hut he fe notv ready tin- .niotlferstarti ' 