'. ' / /.HEREDITARY /GHOSTS. , , , (Globe.) ' : Wbat ivy is. lo tbe ruin, >what a fine beeswing is to -port, that a, glios. t , ia; to a country. house. An old country liouae without, a gliost is a very serious matter — suspicious' iti ..itself, suggestive of;parvenuism, utterly 'fatal' to the' clainis of any1 family to antiquity;! ' " Thauk'/ieaven it takes three generations , to grow, anjavenue , of oaks," said a noor' aristocratic' friend of Erskine's when they had- 'cleared the gtu uds' of a' man with whom they had just'dined,' and who hWd every thing' but antiquity ou bis side. It takes much longer .than that1 to 'produce a reapectuble ghost; it cannot be done under six or seven generations. I know two houses certainly where a' very modem family setm to be blessed with the genuiue thing, ..but I, have reason to believe that it is a second-hand one. Ghosts— and this is very important — may be divided into three distinct ulasaea which1 must not be con founded. There is tbat vulgar and detestable', clase typified by the Cock-lane affair ; old men condemned to be perpetually repeating the Bible backwards, peculiar, 1 believe, to Toot ing; cattle without heads, and aimless noises. , The second class consists of well-defined appari tions generally of men or animals which nppe'ar t n er twelve times perhaps in a lifetime, usually after supper, whose Ariel takes the shape of eaiuton with cucumber or Welsh rabbit, and wiiOBe Prospero is the doctor. The third olaes comprises the real thing — tho truo unmistakable hereditary ghoat, constantly associated by sceptics with its inferior and spurious brethren, but utterly distinct iu its origin, its appearance, pud its habits. Its origin is invariably lost in the twilight of. .fable., Some ..of. j these ghosts came over with the Conqueror ; many date from the Warspf the Roabs," parlicularly.those voiie; rable parties. wbioli lisuiit-.lbc.old manor houses in Yorkshire. Others, more than oue would suppose, date from .the. Civil Wars, and some are even as late as Ihe-Restorutiou ; but' any appari tions; later .thau .that, are to be regarded with distrust.. These ghosts -are essentially aristo cratic; they soein to wax and wane as oertaiu trees are said- to do with the fortune of the house to which they are'iiltached ; they uever pass froth tine, family, to atiuther. .. You may; come into the mansion, but you cauiiot come info illte ghost of an old family. lit the grave of the last hereditary possessor are buried also the hereditary ghosts. These ghosts, like good: servants, are -seen, aud .not; heard. No object less clanking of chains, rattling of bottes, rutnb-. ling . of barrels and the like, ever accompany them ; they' are much too respectable for that. They rarely make their appearance, and when they du it is only a glimpse that can bo caught of ttoiu. The breath of their life is tradition' ; grey-haired butlers and superannuated nurses are their chroniclers,' aiid over the winter's: fire you ruiay hear their story told. " Generation after generation their legend is haudcd'dowu with- a .weird accuracy and a Strang uniformity of detail ; nothing is exaggerated, nothing lost. The pale-faced lady, flitting by the windqw fur gliding, down the stairs wi-h the speck o blood on her wrist, the beautiful child with the golden hair and tho dead robin in her breast, or the shadowy, shrouded figure and the beckoning hand — whatever form the legend takes, so it re mains the same to- day as 300 years ago. It is curious to see how these traditions have penetrated into our: literature. To say nothing ofthe poets who would naturally-lean towards them, the grave historian Clarendon does net hesitate to cite them with perhaps more awe than he "wotild-care to con fess.., Charming Lady Fanshawe, in her delightful Memoirs, trembles as she talks of them, aud tbe philosophic Joseph Glanville has dedicated near half a volume to them. Old Dr Johnson, though he would grudge his company a word on any other topic, became at once a patient listener if any one could talk about these, and we all know how, on visiting an old family in the country, after sur veying the ancient gabled house, he at once asked with an -eager curiosity if there was any ghost. Ghosts are gradually leaving us the atmosphere of common life is too much for them ; our grand old family mansions, their chosen homes, are changing hands, passing into the -possession - of strangers.: The introduction of gunpowder is said to have, given the 'finishing stroke to chivalry, ;and what we are so fond of dubbing common, sense has . given the finishing stroke to better things than superstition; \Vlien old Troy had' fallen, and the light of day was poured into the recesses of Priam's palaces, Virgil is careful to tell us that the gods of the city had deserted her— had flown away nevor to-retiirn. ' And last; week, when I was wandering over one of England's oldest : mansions, -'which had : fallen into the hands of a stranger of yesterday, and talked with the plain matter-of-fact man who ' had taken the place of the good old family butler, I thought with a Bigli of old times, and realised more than ever that grotesque discrepancy which deforms so-many of these places where the ancient and modern elements are so ridiculously combined. ii. looked on the old pictures darkening in' their framas — on the old swords and firelocks out on to ithe grim melancholy yew walks,! where the light iof the setting sun, splintered into1 emeralds, was 'dying ; and as I walked away, wondering' what iwould be: the effect on the spruce, enlightened menial before me, if; like Dr Johnson, I ventured !to ask whether there was any ghost. | The body of a woman was, says the Argus, found floating in the Yarra on Tuesday afternoon and re moved to the morgue, where. it awaits identifica tion. In the morning a man named John Bryant, residing at 95 Wellington- street, Collingwood, found on the banks of the Yarra, about 200; yards below the Botanical-gardens foot-bridge, several portions of female attire and other article's.' . '.They Were a black crape bonnet, an alpaca-umhrella'witli white, one handle, and ' a black . cloth (jacket trimmed with- large black;- glass " buttons. They were all saturated with..Water," and are now to be seen at the Richmond. Police Station. .- The - follow ing; is a description of the deceased About, 25 years of age, 5 feet high, thin build,- ilark'-browif hair, prominent nose, small mouth, - lady-like ap- Eearance, dressed iu black lustre dress, ! and elastic id boots. The body appeared to have only been a few hours in the water. 