THE VICTORIAN COAL FIELDS. To the Editor of The Herald. Sir, — It may be neoesaary to explain to your uon-professionnl readers the term " carboniferous fossils" that occurs in ray last letter. Briefly speaking, it means tho leaves, terns, Sc., or tlio carboniferous , periods, the imprints of which are found in the shales, and hero I may remark that wo often find tho fossils without the coal, tho latter having been removed by denudation and other causes, but we don't find the coal without the fossils. Tho scarcity and dear- ness of coal experienced in themother countries is causing moie attention to bo paid to tho subject of coal-mining, and i3 bringing into uso even the deposits of lignite that used to be neglected when coal was more abundant and cheap. My principal object, however, in addressing you now is to combat the notion that has been industriously spread by the Mining department, that where a certain thickness of outcrop appears it is useless to seek for a thick seom ; and I saw it reported that Mr. Mackenzie asked some gentleman in Gipps Land to show him an outcrop Git thick, and then ho would talk to him about a coalfield. Now, Mr. Mackenzio and my self first saw tho coalfields of Newcastle at tho same time ton or eleven years ago, and we there saw no six. feet outcrops. But to bo more precise as to the working of coal seams, practical examples being better than theoretical descriptions, Mr. Mackenzie and 1 found the Australian Agricultural Company working a three feet seam about three- quarters of a mile inland from the cdast, called the F pit, but by sinking about a milo farther inland they got ten feet, and worked it by means of what is called the No. 2 pit. In short, tho outcrops on the headlands of \a country may bo taken as indications from Dame Nature, that there is wealth iu storo for us if we will only search for it. I am justified, therefore, in taking this opportunity of protesting against the members of tho Mining depart ment establishing a vested interest in per petual visits of inspection (at a great xponso to the country of oourso) to those outcrops, and to their subsequent expensive and non sensical reports, which always bear on them the impress of a wish that the said outcrops might always prove a conundrum to the country, and now I come to a plan for taking those coalfields out of the hands of the Mining department, and converting thom topuhlicuse. A numborof mincrscould form a eo-operativo company ia conjunction with a number of capitalists, and thus apply both skill and capital for their development. It appeared tome that tho radical error com mitted by tho Co-operative Coal Mining Com pany of Newcastle consisted in confining its share-list to miners exclusively, the conse quence of which was, that when they wanted money for tho works they had to go outside their company to borrow, and so fell Into tho clutches of the colonial pawnbroking merchants, and what followed in dealing with those Shylooks, it needs no ghost to tell. Tho miners lost their money, their labor, and their splendid colliery, and along > with that their citadel of refuge against tho semi-Blave-trading tricks of tho other col liery owners, and finally they wore obliged to confront tho Legrees of Newcastle by forming a compact and vigorous union which, I am happy to say, has proved successful, — I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A COAL MINING MANAGER. 16 th October. 