ILLUSIONS. A. gentleman who had lately lost his wife, looking out of window in the dusk of evening, 6a w her sitting in a garden chair. He called one of his daughters and asked her to look out into the garden. ' Why,' she said, ' mother is sitting there.' Another daughter was call ed, and she experienced the same illusion. Then the gentleman went out into the garden, onn TAiinn 4nof ? o #vai*n am ~t\ i*aca at ni a ntifa a had been placed over the seat in such a position as to produce the illusion which had deceived himself and his daughters. During the last weeks of the long vacation I went alone to Blackpool, in Lancashire. There I took lodgings in a house facing the sea. My sitting-room was on tbe ground-floor. On a warm autumn night I was reading with the window open, but the blind was down and was waving gently to and fro in the wind. It happened that I was reading a book on demonology ; moreover, I had been startled earlier in the evening by prolonged shrieks from an upper room in the house, where my landlady's sister, who was very ill, had had an hysterical fit. I had just read to the end of a long and particularly horrible narrative when I was disturbed by the beating of the curtain — the wind having risen somewhat — and I got up to close the window. As I turned rouud for the purpose the curtain rose gently and disclosed a startling object. A fearful face was there, black, long, and hideous, and surmounted by two monstrous horns. Its eyes, large and bright, gleamed horribly, and a mouth garnished with immense teeth grinned at me. Then the curtain slowly descended. But I knew the horrible thing was there. I waited, by no means comfortably, while the curtain fluttered about, showing parts of the black monster. At last it rose again so as to disclose the whole face. But the face had lost its horror for me. For the horns were gone. Instead of the two nearly upright horns which before bad shown black and frightful against the light back-ground of sea and sky, there were two sloped ears as unmistakably asinine as I felt myself at the moment. When I went to the window (which before I felt unable to approach) I saw that several stray donkeys were wandering through tbe front gardens of the row of houses to which my lodgings belonged. It is possible that the inquisitive gentleman who had looked in at my window was attracted by the flapping curtain, which he may have taken for something edible. ' If so,' I remarked to myself, ' two of your kind have been deceived to-night-' A friend of mine told me he had been disturbed two nights running by a sound as if any army tramping down a road which passed some 200 yards from his house; he found the third night (I had suggested an experimental test as to the place whence the sound came) that the noise was produced by a clock in the next house, the clock having been newly placed against the party wall. We all know Carlisle's story of the ghostly voice heard each evening of a low-spirited man — a voice as if one, in likeful dumps, proclaiming, 'once I was haphap happy, but now I am meeserable' — and how the ghost resolved itself into a rusty kitchen - jack. There is a case of a lady who began to think herself the victim of some delusion, and perhaps threatened by approaching illness, be cause each night, about a quarter of an hour after she had gone to bed, she heard a hideous din in the neighborhood of her house, or else (she was uncertain which) in some distant room. The noise was in reality the slightest possible creak (within a few feet of her pillow, how ever), and produced by the door of a wardrobe which she closed every night just before getting into bed. The door, about a quarter of an hour after being closed, recovered its position cf rest, slightly beyond which it had been pushed in closing. In another case the crawling of a snail across a window produced sounds which were mistaken for the strains of loud but distant music. — The Comhill Maga zine for April. 