VISIBLE BONDS OF CATHOLIC UNION. A visible union of all churches constituted under one form of ecclesiastical government, each being in open and brotherly communion with the other, and none being distracted by sclnsm, presents us with a picture ol Catiiolic Cliistendom too beautiful and ideal for any practical realisation on this side of the millen nium. Granting, for the sake of argument, that sueli may be tlie true ideal of our holy religion, the ultimate aim and hope of every thoughtful and large-hearted believer, no one can read the history of tlie Christian Church without being painfully convinced tliat it lias never yet existed. Not only in the days of tlie apostles themselves were there schisms and separations, but, guided by the light of prophecy, these men were the first to proclaim similar, nay, worse troubles, for tlie church, of the future, Nor were tliey wrong. Wlio can recount the numberless heresies, schisms,' excommunications and clis-. tnrbanees which have marked the progress of ecclesiastical history ? Who can even fairly grasp in his mind all tlie divisions of opinion and practice which distract and disfigure Christendom ? They arc so many and grievous, that multitudes of earnest, loving hearts are sighing and praying for the speedy manifestation of greater, visible union. It is well. The hope is both refreshing and beautiful. Yet, meanwhile,. havewe not some forms of it which are more, within our reach,, and which are none the less, precious because practicable? ' ' ' W.c speak not now of any visible' unioii be tween churches in their coporate character ; for that, under the; present state of : things,., -is hopeless.. Remembering, however, that within those churches, notwithstanding some of them may be very corrupted;- there is' an aggregate of .-faithful' individual believers who are ; mystically : one body. in Christ, we? speak rather of :visible union among these. It , is sometimes urged as an argument against the doctrine of Catholic unity, as laid do wn in the pages of this serial, that it makes the realisation of ; the Catholic Church : .too,impalbable and invisible, and that it docs hot satisfy the conditions required of it by the terms of our Lord's prayer in John xvii. But 'is this true ? Let ;us briefly inquire. In tlie first place, have 'we not' a visible bond of Catholic!: anion in i/te- acknoiolcdgmcnt of our Divine Revelation ? That thousands and tens of thousands belonging to the Episcopalian, Pres byterian, Lutheran, Wesleyan, and other bodies should be practically one in the printing and circulation of the same .Scriptures, is a proof of living union far to clear . to be contradicted, a union the visibility of which is embodied in tliat magnificent building of the British and Foreign Bible Society, which has lately been erected 'in Blaclifriars. What bond of union deserves to bo called .Catholic if this be not, when it brings together so many different sections- of the Church of God in all parts of the world, and makes' theni every where one in thought and action It may suit the spirit of an - unbelieving . world to .magnify our other diversities, and urge them as: an- argument against Christian unity. ; but Mirely ' this concentration of loving .homage to ' the,: Scriptures is beyond tlie power of criticism ; it is plainly and .palpably visible. 1 . In . the second ..place,' liave we not a visible bond of Catholic union in our, exercise of one. holy Vocation F All believers wlio are baptized into the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, stand - solemnly pledged by their pro fessions to one liue of universal duty. Whatever their race or colour, whatever their age or sex, whatever their ecclesiastical government or status, they are knit together in one holy, vocation, to fight against sin, to confess Christ before the world, and to promote the kingdom of Hod. Nor is tliis vocation bidden, impalpable, invisible. They may fight' ill this holy warfare, like soldiers, in different ranks and uniforms ; but, discipled by the same grace, and led by tlie same Spirit, they constitute oiie visible .army,' united .under. : .the same banner and Captain. ' In reference to kindred though subordinate matters; they may be . called by various titles, and drilled into diverse forms of discipline ; nevertheless so. far as the aim and purpose of each is to destroy sin, to confess Christ, and bring in souls to. the kingdom of God, tliey are definitely and visibly one. Take an illustration. Are not the Franc-tireurs, the Gardes Mobiles, and other Erench defenders of their country, palpably, and visibly one, not withstanding that many essential elements, of unity may otherwise be lacking among them, simply because tliey fight against oiie common foe, and in defence of one common land ? In like manner, when, ;tlie. members of different visible bodies of Christians unite oil the same great battleffield of the world. in order to wage- war against sin and Satan, in the name of their common Lord and Saviour ; when (as in the case of' the Religious Tract Society, or the London City, Nlission,) in spite of many sub ordinate differences, they become linked by higher bonds through the power of one holy vocation, does : not this common impulse .transcend; all . subsidiary divisions, and render this union bofli real and visible ? The subject is far to large for any attempt at an elaborate or (exliaustive < treatment within these columns ; otherwise we might go on to inquire : , whether ; we have -not' also another: visible bond of Catholic union in the Fellowship of Christian Iiove. " We know , that we have from death unto life," saith St. John, "because we love the brethren. " (i John iii. 14. ) When true -believers of different nations and churches, in the exercise of. fraternal 'intercourse, find their hearts burning with mutual love toward tlie Lord Jesus, and that love causes them to have feelings of mutual sympathy and attraction toward one another, what is this biit an element of; the grandest Catholic union? "Yes," you may reply, "but it is not visible to the world." We answer that it is visible, whenever it is brought before the world in a way which is sufficiently definite to be observed. Witness the gatherings of British and Foreign Christians, representatives of every evangelical church throughout the world, which, under the organized- action of the Evangelical Alliance of this country, have met from time to time in such cities as Berlin, Geneva, and Ainsterdam ; gatherings in which united devotions and fraternal conferences, have been held, and where, simply on the basis of holy_ faith and love, numbers of every nation and kindred -and tongue ,liave been held together without a murmur of discord. ; . Let thoughts like these, then, suffice us. If we cannot get a visible corporate union of the whole of Christendom, because of superstition in one plaoe and unbelief in another — because of arrogant despotism in one communion, and of erratic wilfulness in another — let us at least rejoice in these illustrations of visible corporate union among individual believers. The time is most probably coming when such illustrations will acquire fresli force and vigour, resulting from the increased opposition of our common foes — a time when all those who love the Lord and the truth of His Gospel in sincerity, will have to cast away their bigotry and intolerance, and become more visibly united on great Catholic principles. There are signs around us of increasing conflict with infidelity as well as of superstition. May the issue of the TRUE CATHOLIC for the year 1871, bo the happy means of furnishing many minds and hearts with armour for this time of trial ! . 