LITERARY LARRIKINISM. 'Jt is easier,'' the g?mt Coleridge is reported to have said, ' to write in the common newspaper style of the day than it is to make a good pair of shoes.' The great Coleridge never lived in what Mr. William Cummings, M.P., used to call uiie grtJH-u yv Bisucrii xniiaynox, -oi lie would have soon seen reason enough to modify his opinion. He would then have known that to write in ' the common newspaper style of the day ' requires qualities both of head and heart to which your ordinary ' snob,' it may be hoped, has no pretensions. He would have recognised in the local newspaper litera ture a far stronger genius than goes to the making of boots and shoes, and would readily have admitted that to couple the two together — except, perhaps, in the sense that the one often deserved a liberal application of the other — would be very grossly to libel a highly useful and respec table trade. But the great Coleridge, happily for himself, knew nothing of all this. Visionary as he was, he could not foresee that the day would come when in a far corner of a then almost unknown land a new race of newspaper- writers would arise to whom the most scurrilous scribes of his own day would indeed be but the veriest cobblers. Utopian as he was, he could not have imagined that in the then ultima tJmle of civilisation a state of society would exist in a few years requiring, or at any rate receiving, as almost its sole literary fare, garbage that would have disgusted Grub-street, and must even now make the ghosts of the Gazetteers rattle their bones with envy. We do not suppose that many of our readers have paid any particular attention to the sort of triangular duel that has been going on for sorne time between three of our Western district contemporaries j still less that it has attracted more than the passing contempt of the general public. There are quarrels so purely personal and petty, and withal so disreputable, that no one thinks of interfering— as when a couple of old washerwomen fall out over their gin, or rival queens of the pave take to scratching each others' eyes out in the back slums, and we have certainly no notion of interfering between the three editors who in the columns of their respective journals seem bent upon excelling those excellent examples. Whether one or the other be the more innocent of good gram mar and good manners ; whose potations go deepest and last longest; which has the hnest taste in expletives or the least credit at his tailors; who has borrowed from whom, or has been, in his time, the nearest to starvation or the watch-house— all these, and many more similar nice points, debated so vigorously week by week by our country contemporaries, are matters which we are willing to believe are best left to the inner consciousness of each. At any rate they do not concern us ; nor, we should fancy, pending some general demand for a ' Biography of Billingsgate,' will they concern anyone but these chroniclers of ' swipes' themselves. But what does concern us and every one with any regard for public decency and the credit of colo nial journalism, is that both should be outraged so grossly by men, who, if half what they say of each other be trite, must be worthy — well, we cannot say more ? of each others society in any pot- house in the colony. It is true, most unfortunately true, that the time has not arrived in this country, when journalism, as a profession, may hope to attract the services of the very highest talent. The prizes are few — probably on the whole colonial press there are not more than a dozen editorial chairs worth filling to a nian of more than ordinary capacity ? . and even those few have not always been the reward of merit. No one expects more, even from our leading journals, than plain sense in plain English on the public questions of the day, and very lucky we should be were we always to get that. But if journalism cannot command the very highest talent, there is no reason why it should be content with the very lowest. If it cannot aspire to the admira tion of the public there is no reason why it should court its contempt. If it can not claim to lead public opinion, and ele vate the public taste, at least there is no reason why it should deliberately set itself to insult, where it cannot deprave, both. The mission of the press everywhere is to educate, to help to dispel ignorance and vice, and lead men to higher notions of their duties to society and each other; and very fairly upon the whole has the colonial press answered to that high ideal. It is the mission, apparently, of the ex ceptions' to which we have referred to blackguard each other, and in so doing to set an example of scurrility, vulgarity, and — woi'se than either — infamous meanness, which, where it does not disgust, must deprave, and which, whether it disgusts or depraves, is equally' a disgrace to the writers and a dishonour to journalism,, We dare say it is ail true, equally true, every word of it. From the internal evi dence alone of these precious articles and paragraphs it is impossible to doubt that every word is true, and that these mutual tale bearers and common informers of tke press are really all they paint each other. But, true or false, it is certain that the telling of such tales with such an object is as infamous as the tales themselves. The favourite mo del of these inky slang whaugers seems to be the worst specimens of Ameri can journalism, but they have considerably simplified, if not exactly improved, the process. The most scurrilous of American papers condescends to dilute its dirt with at least a little literary talent, but here we have it 'neat.' No doubt, however, this is not with our literary larrikins a matter of choice. They are, doubtless, as clever as they know how to be ; and if Nature., seldom lavish of more than one good gift at once, has denied in brains as much as she has granted in Billingsgate, why, ifc would be hard to impute as a fault what is only their misfortune. At any rate, in the essential part, the sheer, unadorned dirt, no one can doubt their easy supre» macy. They are masters on their own ground, the gutter; cock on their own. hill ; and it is a very small matter, pro bably, to them that out of their natural element they would cut a sufficiently ridi culous figure. We would willingly par don their stupidity if they would put it to a better use ; but if they have no better notion of the use of a newspaper than as an instrument wherewith to fling filth afe each other, the sooner they return to their native mud the better, if not exactly for their respective reputations,— as much, we should say, past harm as past hope, — at any rate for the public whom they disgust and the profession which they dis^ grace. 