Tennyson'* Ode on Loyalty. TO THE QUEEN. O loyil to the royal in thyself, And loyal to thy land, as this to theo Bear witness, that l-cmcmberobleday When, pale as yet and fever-worn, tho Prince Who scarce hail pluck'd this flickering i if o again From halfwny down tho shadow of tho grave. Past with theo thro* thy peoplo and their love, And London roll'cl one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, and long leagues of mau And welcome ! Witness, too, the silent cry, Tho prayer of many u race, and creed, and clime ThunderlesB lightnings striking under sea Prom sunset aud sunrise of nil thy realm, And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shume us. " Keep you to yourselves ; So L'j'nl is too costly ! Friends your lovo Is but a burden ; loose tho bond and go " ls this the toue of empire ? here the faith_ That made us rulers? this indeed, her voice And meaning, when tho roar of Hougoumont ? Loft mightiest of all pc pies under Heaven ? What shock has fool'a her siuce, that she should speak So feebly ! Wealthier - wealthier-hour by hour The voice of Britain, or a sinking laDd, Somo third rate isle half lost anning her seas ? There run«; her voice when tho full city pealed Theo and thy Prince ; the loyal to their crown Aro loyal to their own far sous, who love Our occan-ompire with her boundless homos For ever- broadening England and her throne, In our vast i »rieut, and one íslo-one isle That knows not her own greatness ; if she knows And dreads it wc aro 1'ulPn- lîutthou. my Queen Nor for itself, but thro' thy living lovo For ono to whom 1 made it o'er his gravo Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale. New-old, and shadowing Senso at war with Soul Rather thau that Gray King, who nume, a ghost, Streams Uko a cloud, man-shaped from moun tain peak And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's ono Touch'd by the adulterous finger c<f a timo 'J hat hover'd b tween war end wantonness, And crowniugs and dethronements ; take withal Thy poet's blessing, anil las trust that Heaveu Will blow thc tempest in tho distance back From thine and ours ; for some aro sacred who mark Or wUuly or unwisely, figns of storm, Waverings of every van« with every wind, And wordy trnckliugs to the transient hour, And floreo or earoluss looseners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn of simple life, Or Cowardice, tho child of lust for gold, Or Labor, with a groan and not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'n from France, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm ; tho goal of this great world Lios beyond sight ; yet-if our slowly-grown And crowu'd Kepublie's crowning common Bense, That saved her many times, uot fail-their fears Are morning shadows huger that the simpes That cast tlinu. not those gloomier which forego The durkiit>-« nf Hint bu ti In in tim Wost, 'W lure all of high and holy dit» away. 