The Storyteller. THE SMUGGLER'S WARD. A STORY OF SHIP AND SHORE. CHAPTER XIII. THE BELDAM. BY SYLVANUS COBB, JUN. BACK from the house, through the dense forest that reached to the Loyne river, led a narrow, beaten track, into the intricate wind-<*> ings of which the smuggler sped with his heavy burden. At a abort distance they came to a ■mall opening where ran a shallow brook that delivered its flood into the Sen. Here Darring ford stopped, and shook the revenue officer from bis shoulder, saying, as he did so— " You were somewhat heated with passion a abort time since, and here is a wondrous op* portunity for cooling your blood. Yon will find the bed soft." As the unfortunate spy flounced and struggled in the middle of the stream, be managed to splutter— " You shall suffer for this! You are a marked man; and though you escape now, you shall not be long at liberty." " Very well," returned the chieftain. " I shall try and be prepared for your entertainment abould you ever visit me again; and in the mean time I wish you muob joy of your bath." Darringford beckoned for Noel to follow him, and together the two struck off for the eastward. She narrow path beeame more and more intri cate, but the guide appeared well acquainted with tbe dubious way, moving on with a speed that gave our hero not a little trouble of care and exercise. "How much further muat]we travel in this manner ?" " Wa must keep the forest until we reach the Loyne." " And when do you think of venturing to re turn?" "Either to»night, or to-morrow morning. Hear the river is encamped a band of gipsies; and I hope to obtain important assistance from them." " Assistance in what ?" asked Noel, wonder ing if his companion meditated the leading of a force back to tbe house to resist the officers. "In finding the papers which have been ■tolen from your mother." " And do you think the gipsies can know any thing of them ?" " They may know much. Young St. George has often sought the assistance of these same people in bis evil works, and he may have done 10 in this case. You may not be aware of the many and mysterious means through and by which those forest nomads operate. I think I should not hit very wide of the maak if I said that Jacob Thornton, under another name, be longed to their tribe." " The physician who attended my mother ?" aaked Noel, in surprise. "The very same." " But from the manner in whioh you spoke of him this morning, I supposed he was well known in tbe town as a doctor." " Not in the town," returned the smuggler; " bnt in the outskirts—about the thinly popu lated verge of the forest—he is quite noted for his medical knowledge ; and, iu truth, he is an excellent physician—one whose school and la boratory have both been iu nature, and who seems to regard disease as an interloper that needs to be quietly taken in hand and led away, rather than to be nnrsed and petted, or roughly kicked out. His skill and success have found him plenty of patrons, and this gives him plenty of opportunity to beoome acquainted with the private affairs of families, which know ledge he turns to account in more way a than one." " And do you really think he had anything to do with the missing documents P" "lam confident of it." " Then let us seek him at once. But—what if the papers have been destroyed ?" "In that case we must have the evidence of him who stole them," said Darringford. "At all events, we will make the trial. The inter ruption of the revenue men has not materially disconcerted my plans, for I had intended to seek the gipsies. They frequently assist us in getting our contraband goods across the country, and maay of them are at my service." Noel made no immediate reply to the smuggler's remarks, but followed on in silence. The position in whioh he was now acting was a peculiar one. He had no definite plan of his own—no well-defined object in view; but he was merely following at the beck of another; and a train of circumstances over which he had no control had placed him where he could hardly be called the master of his own movements. That he was for the present bound to the out law's fortunea there was no denying ; for not only were the highest hopes of life hinged upon the mjstery whioh the strange man held in keep ing, but by his unfortunate combat on tbe king's highway, the circumstances of which were known to the offieors, he bad laid himself liable to arrest; and he knew of no surer method of keeping clear of tho authorities than in remain ing with the smuggler. An hour had parsed since leaving the stream where tho spy had been dropped, and the Loyne was near at hand. Noel began to feol weak and exhausted from long continued ex ertion, excitement, and loss of sleep, and it was with difficulty that he kept p^co with bi» com panion, who seemed to experience but little, if any, inconvenience from the toils and privations of tho preceding r.ight. Durringford observed the youth's condition, and as tho low murmur ing of the Lojne struck upon their ears, ho said— "We have liut little furthor to go, so cheer up; and when we roach the camp you 6hall reet. But I wish to give you a warning before we arrive: Be on your guard, and let not a word slip from your tongue concerning your mother's death, or tbe loss of the papers; for it is necessary that your very existence should re main unknown in tho gip3y camp." '• Give me the r.ecd of this secrecy, and I may be better guarded." " Tho chief need is thi?, my boy : Rupert St. George must not discover that his rival heir is in this part of the kingdom; for, should he learn that fact, he might cheokmate us iu spite of right and justice He already has the move Of U3." " I eeo that point," returned our hero, with peculiar etnphatis 5 " and I will in so far follow your counsel; but—but——" "Well—'but' whit?" demanded Darring. ford, stopping and bending an enquiring look upon his companion. "I was about to add that your conduct, in spite of all my reasoning, appears to me strange and incomprehensible." "How m> ?" asked the smuggler, still keeping hit gaie fixed upon the varying countenance of the youth. "What particular part seems bo strange P" "It all seems strange. Whatever informa tion yon have to communicate comes to me in detached fragments, and at different times, though it be a continuous story. At one mo* ment you refuse me information, and in another you oommunicate it. And, furthermore, your morements are——" " Suspicious, perhaps ?" suggested Darring ford. H They certainly would be, had I anything to suspeot," replied Noel, frankly. " But Ido not believe you are deceiving me." 11 Then rest assured that the time is not far distant when you shall be entirely satisfied.— Ah, —here we are." They had emerged upon the western bank of the river, and close by lay a raft of withed logs; while upon the opposite side of the stream could be seen the smoke of the gipsy camp. It was the work of but a few momenta to set the raft across the river; and ere long our hero, for the the first time, fouud himself in the midst of the strange nomads of whom he had heard and read so much. There were near threescore of the gypsies, occupying a doien tents, while upon the outskirts of the encampment were ereoted a few small huts of poles and brushwood. In the centre of the space was arranged the cooking department, where a few of the women were busy in preparations for dinner. The gipsies at once recognised the smuggler chieftain, and saluted him with deference as he passed. He continued on through the encamp* ment to the tent farthest from the river, which he entered, followed by NoeL The tent was oc oupied by an old man, who was busily engaged over the advertising columns of a newspaper, and who, when the curtain at the entrance was pulled aside, started in anger, and was upon the point of harsh reprimand, when he reoognised his visitor. " Ah, captain,—is it you ?" " Yes, Ethelred. You were not looking for me, eh ?" " Well, —I thought you might come this way in your flight." " Flight ?" repeated Darringford, inquisi tively. " Yes," returned Ethelred. " I heard of your trouble. Or, at least, I heard that the beaks had tracked you to the edge of Walling Moor. Eh ?" he continued, for the first time observing the youth,—" This, I take it, is the man that settled the lieutenant and his comrade. I heard of it. Some of our folks came up from the . town this morning." j "Such news flies rapidly, I see," said the smuggler, with apparent unconcern. " But I , have not exactly sought your camp for safety. Had that been my sole purpose, I should have turned my steps in a different direction. No,— I came on business." ' "With me P" " Perhaps §o. At any rate, you shall know what I seek. In the meantime, will you let my companion have some quiet corner where ho can throw himself down for a bit of repose, while we take a stroll out of earshot from your people ?" "Certainly," said the gipsy. ••'The young man shall have as good a resting-place as my tent affords; for he surely gives token of weariness." Thus speaking, Ethelred went to a rear corner, whence he drew forth a large sack filled with moss and fern, whioh he spread upon the ground ; and having thrown over it a few goat, skins, he turned to Noel, and kindly remarked— "There, Mr Bradford,—that may not be equal to a cot in the gunroom of a frigate, but you'll find it a very comfortable resting-place for a body that is really tired." Noel was somewhat startled by this ready pronunciation of his name; but as the party which he had accompanied up from Morecambe Bay had known it, there wsb, after all, nothing wonderful about it; so he collected himself, and kindly thanked his host for his hospitality. When Ethelred and the smuggler had gone, Noel laid himself down upon tbe bed, where he reflected upon the wondrous events that were crowding so thickly upon him; but the weight of fatigue bowed his senses, and he had closed his eyes to sleep, when he felt a hand laid lightly upon his shoulder. He looked up, and beheld the bright spirit of his boyhood's vision. The same celestial features beamed upon him that gave him thrill of life on that fearful night when the Hector found her grave;—the same mild, loving eyes—the same bright effulgence of smile, —and though the youth knew 'twas but a phantom, yet he folt that there was to him a blissful reality in its presence; and he felt, too, that the omen was of good to himself. " Noel," whispered the angel visitant, " once more, and only once, shall you behold me ere your toilsome journey be completed. Best in peace till you are refreshed; and when you awake let my visit give you new hope and courage. .The goal is still ahead. Be firm and etrong." Noel had bo power to speak—no power to move. He saw the beautiful presence waste away into the surrounding shadows, and then, while a tranquil soothing influence settled down upon hia spirit, he sank into a deep sleep. When our hero awoke, he knew, by the slant ing sunbeams which entered beneath the canopy, that the day was near its close, and that he had slept long. He arose to a Bitting posture, and was upon tbe point ot springing to hia feet, when he was startled by what at first ho thought to be a creation of his own overwrought imagina tion ; but a little examination proved it to be a thing of flesh and blood—an old woxan—sitting quietly upon a low stool at the foot of the couch. She was habited in a coarse brown mantle, the ample folds of which reached to her feet; while her hair, which was thick and ua confined, hung io masses of dingy, yellowish white, while here and there shadows of darker hue, where age had not touched its bilvery pencil bo deeply—hung low and tangled over her back and shoulders, and upon her breast. Her bauds were shrivelled and brown ; and as they rested upon the cross head of the oaken 6taff which she carried for support, they looked not unliko the talons of an eagle. And her face, too, in its sharp angles and corrugations, and in the wondrous intensity of the brillhnt gray eyes, bore a very cloße resemblance to the physiog nomy of the aerial marauder. 11 You have slept long, my son," remarked the singular being, as she caught tho eje of the wondering youth. "Yes," returned Noel. "And I have slept well too." "So I should judge. Tho sun has told five hours since you slept, three of which I have spent here in watching you." " In watohing me P" repeated Noel, arising to bis feet, and regarding the beldam with a curious look. "Aye," the returned —"in watching 700." "Andfor what?" " That I might speak with 700." "Very well," returned the young man, who ! could not repress a certain degree of awe and respect in the weird-like presence. " Anything ' you may hare to say will be listened to rery at tentively." " Then take this stool, and sit by my side." Mechanically our hero obeyed; and baring gtined the new position, he waited with no little anxiety for further developments, j " Perhaps you do not believe that the power hath ever been vouchsafed to mortals to read the language of the unseen," laid the old woman. " I am inclined to believe when I hare good , and sufficient evidence," replied Noel. j 11 And for that evidence you depend upon ! yonr own senses ?" 1 " God hath given me no other medium of evidence." " And what evidence have you of the exist* ence of the God of whom you speak ?" "I have the evidence of the highest and noblest of all my senses—that inborn monitor that points my soul to a Power above my own— a Power that had wisdom to plan, and ability to create, my living, moving, and thinking system." " But that is the mere teaching of religion." " Nay—it is the teaching of the touL If you would seek the man who can see no evidence of Deity, you must look for him among those who have too much of this world's teaching. But —upon the unbeliever's own ground—must there not have been a grand centre, or founda tion-head, of all matter, and of all material form ?" "Certainly." "And is there nothing in man higher than matter?" The woman nodded. "Aye," pursued Noel, with enthusiasm— " man is possessed of a soul—of a spirit-essence or being; and that spirit must have had an origin, and its origin must hare been greater than itself. And, my good woman, the spirit of man, untrammelled and free, instinctively soars aloft in search of its Parent" "Then you are prepared to beliere some things of which you can hare no evidence sare interior sense ?" " Yes. I can believe that which might be scouted in derision by another." For several moments the beldam sat in silence. She gated fixedly into the youth's face, v though able to read his most private thoughts. At length she reached forth her skeleton fingers, and took his hand. He did not resist, bat suf fered her to open the palm, and trace the lines that ran to and fro across the skin. "Well, and what do you see?" asked Noel his awe fast giving place to contempt, as she began thus to operate in her witch-like avocation. " I can see little by your hand," replied the gipsy, seeming to take no notice of the young man's tone. " From these lines I can only read the past." " And that I know better than you do." "As well, perhaps; but I much doubt me if you know it better, my son." "At least," pursued Noel, determined not to be trapped into even a teeming interest in the dark science, " I shall need no history of the past from you." " No," returned the woman, with a rery quiet* peculiar smile—" Guy Darringford hath told thee all that." " And did he tell me the truth ?" exclaimed our hero, forgetting, for the moment, his reso lution of unconcern. For a time the beldam made no answer. She had dropped the youn» man's hand, and was in* tently studying his features. There was some, thing in the expression of her bronzed counten ance that betokened a deeper thought than that of mere fortune-telling; and once more he ex perienced a feeling of awe in her presence. "Did he tell me tho truth?" repeated Noel, with increasing anxiety, as he watched the woman's varying features. " I will not unsay what he has said," answered the gipsy. She spoke solemnly, and at the same time placed her hand upon the youth's full, high brow, and pushed back the wavy hair. " And yet," she added, "he spoke only from the evidence of external sense—from what he thought he knew. Bat let that pass. I can tell you of the future." Noel Bradford was not weak-minded, nor was he prone to superstition; but the memory of his angel visitant, together with the influence which had thus been exercised over his feelings, led him to regard the preteadod power of his present companion with more favor than he might otherwise have shown. There was, to be sure, an ominous darkness in the occult calling of the woman ; but then everything connected with his own affairs seemed equally dark and mysterious; and hence he was led to an anxiety which might not have reached him had he been unburdened with doubt. " If you can tell me of the future, lam ready and willing to listen," he eaid. " I can read your future in your face, my son. The most important event of your life is soon to transpire. Good and ill are equally blended ; though, happily for you, an angel spirit watches over you—watching even now and here." Noel started, and gczed eagerly around the tent, expecting to behold his blessed visitant; but only the dingy, meagre appurtenances of the gipsy habitation met his view. "There is danger in your path," continued the beldam, without giving her companion op portunity tOßpeak, "and secret enemies are lurk ing round about you. It is necessary that the business which brought you to our camp should be quickly performed." " Business ?" " Aye, young man —business—the papers that were stolen from your mother." "Darringford is " Noel hesitated as the warning of ihe smuggler came to his mind. " I know full well the object of your visit; and I know, too, that Darringford is seeking for the loßt papers; but without my assistance he can never find them." " And you know where they are ?" cried our hero, eagerly grasping tho woman's arm. " Yes," she replied. "Are they aafo?" " Yes." " And can I obtain them ?" " On certain conditions." ! " Namo them ! Name them !" " They are 6imply these: You shall deliver the papers to Guy Darringford, who will, as soon as poseible, placo them in the hands of a responsible attorney; but you shall not tell him whence you obtained them ut-til you have seen me again. You must return with him to Wal ling Moor, and as soon as you have seen year mother's remains interred, you ahall accompany the smuggler chief to Bristol. Will 70a pro* mite this ?" Noel hesitated. " They are the only conditions upon which 700 can obtain the papers/ " I promise." "As the youth thus spoke, the old woman took from a leathern pouch that hong within the folds of her robe a small, neatly enveloped packet, and placed it in his hands. He felt that papers were enclosed, and he was upon the point of opening the end of the packet, when a heaty footfall was heard without, and upon a sign from the beldam he placed the precious parcel in his bosom. On the next moment Gay Damngford entered the tent. Chaptxs XIV. MTBTMIOTTS HIIBOGLYPHIC3. It wu dark when Darringford and Noel reached the house which they had left in the morning, and everything in the neighborhood •eemed safe and quiet. From Mary they learned that the officers had been there, but had offered no violence; and, upon learning of the depar ture of the smuggler and bis youthful com panion, they had gone out and found their lieu tenant, and then struck off to the south-east. Gay was overjoyed when he learned that Noel had the papers j and he had too much good sense to urge the point as to the source whence they had been obtained, though it was evident enough that he guessed the truth. On the following day the mortal remains of Mrs St. George were consigned to the tomb ; and as our hero turned from the sacred spot his feel ings were wondrously varied. There was mourning and sadness; and yet there was glad, ness and thanksgiving. The papers were his— the papers which an enemy had stolen; and though he had not broken the seals, yet he felt sure that they contained the evidences of his birth and heirship; and that through them he should find the way to his rights. No time was to bo lost; so, on the afternoon of the day of the funeral, Noel accompanied Darringford to the attorney's, in whose hands the papers were to be placed. The man's name was Maybury, an old and long-tried friend of Mrs St. George, and a well read and successful lawyer. To him the papers were given, and their character explained. " And," added Darringford, " you are to examine, adjust, and execute." " Have the seals been broken?" asked the old attorney, as he took the packet. " Not to my knowledge," replied the smuggler. " In your presence, then, I will open them." The seal of the first paper waß broken, and Mr Maybury ran his eyes over the contents. A second and third were opened in like manner. The fourth was opened, and at the bottom, on the margin, the attorney found a cipher which puzzled him. " Here is something which I cannot trans* late," he said, after studying for some time in vain. Guy Darringford took the document, and for the space of a full minute studied the mysterious characters. Gradually • dark, ominous frown gathered upon his brow, and a perceptible tremor shook his frume. " Can you make anything of it ?" asked May bury, as the paper was returned to him. " No, sir." " But it seemed to affect you." It was not the signification of the mystic figures that affeoted me," replied Guy, hoarsely. " I was thinking of the time when these papers were drawn up, and of her who has since died.'l " Then you can make nothing of them ?" 11 Nothing, sir." "It cannot have been that they were put upon the paper when the body of the document was drawn up," said the attorney, at the same time examining the hieroglyphics anew. " They are written by a different hand, with different ink, and bear unmistakeable marks of having been made quite recently." " Never mind the cipher now," returned Darringford. "It is certsinly no part of the instrument, and can have no legal bearing upon it. You can examine the papers at your leisure, and make the necessary arrangements for executing thoir provisions." Mr Maybury promised to attend faithfully to the trust; and at Guy's request he furthermore promised to keep the whole matter strictly private until further orders. After leaving the attorney's office our two friends walked a considerable distance in silence. Our hero saw that his companion was most busily engaged in his own reflections, and he would not disturb him. At length, however the latter spoke— " Noel, you received those papers from old Thamar?" "Thamar? Who i B she?" " The gipsy woman with whom I found you conversing in the tent." "If you know the fact," said Noel, " there is no need that I should break my promise by giving you information." "Certainly not. I know the papers have been in her possession." "How bo?" " Simply because that cipher was hers." "Do you mean that the old gipsy woman made those mysterious characters upon the margin of the document ?" " Yes." "It is curions, certainly. Why should she have put them there when no one can read them?" " Head them ?" repeated Darringford. '•' They were addressed to me." " But you could not read them." " Not in the presence of Maybury." " And did you, then, understand them ?" "Aa plainly as you could have understood the text that stood above them." "But why should she have written to you upon the margin of that instrument, when she professed to desire that you should not know that she had bad possession of it ?" " She did not mean that I should have seen it until my return from Bristol," replied the smuggler; " for sho takes it upon herself to ex plain a circumstance which is supposed to huve happened during the journey." " Does it concern me ?" asked Noel. " More than it does me." " Guy Darringford," cried the young man, over whose mind the events of tho interview with Tbamar were exercising a potent influence, "Ipray you, trifle with me no more. If this thing concerns me, will you not explain it to me?" " I wish I could, Noel. But, truth to tell, I cannot explain it to myself. The language is simple, and is of an event which is to happen to you." "But you must have gathered some idea of her meaning ?" " No. nothirg that I can comprehend* Only the event to whio1! she refers can give at light; •ad thai if yet s> thing of th« future." Darringford spoke decisively; but yei our hero wu ■ore he knew nor* than he oboe* to impart; or, at least, that he inspected maeh more; bat foiling, after repeated efforts, to ob tain farther light, he gare it np. That night the twain eet forth for Moreeambe Bay. The iky wae clear and radiant, the weather bracing, and before morning they were again upon the deck of the smuggler brig. At sunrise the anchors were hove up, and sail made, and before a fresh north-westerly breeie the brig ran out into the Irish Sea. Be* fore noon the Isle of Man bore N.N.W., and two reefs were taken in the top-sails, and the topgallant sails set OTer them. At dark Holy head light was left upon the larboard quarter, and the smuggler entered St. George's Channel with the wind nearly astern. Daring the night the wind hauled around to the westward, and in the morning it had lulled to a perfect calm, while to the southward and eastward arose a bank of dark clouds. " There's a gale in those fellows," said Noel, pointing to where the clouds were piling up. "Aye—and a smart one, too," responded Darringford. "We shall catch it with the tide." "A regular sou- wester that'll be," Tentured M'Dermot, who had the wheeL For a while longer the chieftain watohed the rising clouds, and at length he issued orders for furling the topgallant-sails. Ac soon as this had been done, the yards- were sent on deck, and a third reef taken in the top-sail*. A light, spit ting gust occasionally swept across the Channel from the Irish coast, but nothing to fill the sails. The clouds, which had been banked up in the distant horizon, were now rolling op, volume upon Tolume, in black, weird shapei; and ere the seamen were prepared for the event, the sable mantle had shut down orer the sea, cast ing a gloom upon the dismal-hued water almost like night. An occasional gust came flitting orer the Channel; but at length the source of these spittings was exhausted, and the calm was dead and oppressive. Ere long after this a low, dull murmuring was heard, whispering of the coming gale. Darringford cast his eyes aloft to see that all was snug and secure; and having calculated the direction of the rising wind, he pointed the yards that way. The men had just come down from the main yard, where they had been to make the bunt of the sail more secure, when to the southward and westward the sea began to toss its wares over into white foam caps; and presently a few spiteful gnats came sweeping over the water. From an inky blackness the clouds had assumed a sort of brasiy, lurid glare, which lent a still deeper terror to the scene. Life-lines were rove fore and aft, from night-head to taffirail, and from rail to rail. The brig was now off the Welsh coast of Pembrokeshire, the land not more than fire leagues distant. Several smart squalls had heralded the coming of the storm; and by and by the crash and the roar of the mighty spirit were upon the sea. The brig careened and leapt like a frightened fawn as the gale burst upon her, and for a time she was literally buried in the foaming, hissing waters; but she had been built under the eye of a man who had anticipated each ordeals a» this, and she was used to the warfare. "We must gire our canvas a bellyful, and make a run of it," said Darringford, as the vessel arose from the first shock, and shook the brine from her head. "Will she stand it ?" asked Noel, doubtingly. " She must stand it. The tide is setting up the Channel, and if we lie to we shall be driven and drifted ashore. An hour's run will put us beyond all harm, and give us full scope of the Bristol Channel." The orders were given for letting the brig off three points, and for bracing the yards accord ingly, and also for setting the stay- sails fore and aft. The men trembled as they heard; but they had confidence in their commander, and they obeyed. When the stay-sail sheet* had been hauled aft the vessel flew through the water like a feather upon the bosom of a blast; the lee-rail dipped beneath the surging flood; and ever and anon the hearts of the crew leaped to their throats as they fancied they were surely going over; but Darringford knew no fear. He kept the stay-Bails on until the rising soa had rendered them almost useless, and then he had them taken off. Nearly an hour had elapsed since the brig had been thus laid with her beam to the gale. It had been a fearful experiment; but there had been no other alternative. At length, however, when the men had made up-their minds that their gallant craft must be overwhelmed, D*r ringford sprang to the wheel, and io a voice that sounded high above the roar of the gale, he shouted— "Jump to the braces! Lay aloft, fore*top men, and stand by to take in the fore-top-sail !*' With the spirit of a new life the seamen hastened to the work, and very soon the brig was lying to under a close-reefed main top-sail. The rock-bound coast of Pembrokeshire was passed, and the men were grateful; and yet they knew that there still remained a long and dangerous lee shore between them and safety. Chaptsb XV. A BOLD PILOT. DußiffGt three hours the smuggler brig lay to in safety ; bat at the end of that time Darring ford began to entertain fears that she could not stand it much longer. The gale had increased, and the seas, which came sweeping in from the broad Atlantic, broke in relenting fury over the smuggling vessel. She was upon the starboard tack, heading south-east; the Welsh coast not more than tweetv miles to leeward; and she every moment drifting toward it. " If I thought we could make the mouth of the lowy, I'd put her before it," said Darring ford. " How does the river bear ?" asked Noel. " As near as I can judge it must be dead to leeward of us." " So I had thought." " Bradford, you hare had experience. What would you do?" "If I had the ghost of hope, I should make tho run, captain. The brig must certainly swamp if she breasts these terrible seas much j longer." "She'cannot breast them," said Darringford, J as a huge mountain of water broke over the weather bow, and swept aft. "I must put her before it, and risk the result." " How many knots will she run off under bare pules?" aeked Noel. "That's hard to tell," replied tbe smuggler. " The wind is strong enough to send us thro jgh the water at a good speed ; and then we ha?e a swift current setting us to the east-ward up the Bristol Channel. Throe hoars, at least, would bring us up." At tbe chieftain spoke, ho left the main brace, upon which he had been holding, and ■tftfgered teroM to the binnacle. Hi* situation wu perplexing in the extreme. He knew that hit Teasel could not much longer weather the gale m the now lay; for the vu completely onder water more than half the time; and to •end, whioh was the only other alternative, would be attended by fearful danger; for if, by any chance, he •honld mvi the entrance of the Towy, utter destruction wai certain. The wild and rugged coast of Oaermarthenahire wu by no means a desirable landing-place in such a gal*. " I must try it I" he said, as he stepped back to the weather quarter. " You have counted the need, and the cost P" suggested Noel. " I hare—and am resolved." Hardly had the words eicaped Darringford's lips when a sea, far mightier than any of its predecessors, came rolling down in its towering majesty, and as it struck the brig it completely buried her in the deep, dark, mad flood. Fora long time the stricken bark groaned and qui vered beneath the shock | and when she at length struggled up froai the sea, her main top sail sheets had been carried away, and in a mo ment more the sail was blown into ribbons. "To the braces!" thundered Darringford, as soon as the deck was clear. "Up with the helm! Base off to leeward! Bound in on the weather braces 1 Steady! Belay all! And now may heaven help as!" The brig was now before the wind, and under bare poles. The log was thrown, but the fol lowing seas " brought it home," and no rate of speed oould be ascertained, though it was evi dent that they were going through the water quite rapidly j and, furthermore, a tide current of at least three knots was setting to the east ward. " Two or three hours will bring our fate," re* marked the captain, who, with our hero, stood near the wheel | for it will be remembered that the vessel rode with comparative steadiness now that she was before the wind* " How's the time for your prayers, sir," said Redworth, who had the helm. " Aye," returned Noel, to whom the words had been spoken—-" and now is the time for your seamanship, too; for if you let her off into the trough of this sea prayers will not save your brig." "By the piper's cow!" grunted the mate, " it's easy to say; but it's hard to do. Some o' these seas strike the rudder kind o' savage like." "Captain," ventured the young man, "we might as well be driven—" Darringford put forth his hand with an ad* monitory motion. " You think we need a little canvas?" "Yes, sir." "So I have thought. The sea is too high and strong for us as we are. Ho—topmen! Lay aloft and loose the fore-top-sail! See that all is dear on deck for sheeting home!" When the gasket had been oast off, the star* board clew was loosed, and carefully sheeted home, and then the larboard clew followed. The yard was hoisted clear of the cap, and the sail was safely set, close «eefed. " That's more like it!' cried Redworth, who, now that the brig was flying away from the chasing seas, found no difficulty in keeping her steady before the wind. Two look-outs were stationed at the fore topmast cross-trees, and two more at the bows, while the anchors were cleared, and the cables got ready for running. An hour passed, and the brig continued to fly like a frightened bird over the wild sea. The decisive moment was drawing nigh, and men who had faced the king's officers a hundred times without flinching, trembled and turned pale before the invisible foe. Fifteen minutes more were told by the glass, and just as the last sand dropped, one of the men at the fore-topmast head shouted — "Land-ho!" The wind howled in fearful fury, and the mad sea raved, —but high above the crash of con* tending elements sounded that cry from the mast-head. "The chieftain seized his trumpet. Every nerve was strained, and the muscles of his her* culean frame worked like laboring cables. " Mast-head, ahoy!" "Hallo!" " How does that land bear ?" "Bight ahead, sir!" " Level your glass, and take a look over the starboard bow," shouted Darringford, going for ward. " Take her when she rises. Now !" As the captain spoke, the brig rose upon the summit of a towering sea, and as far as the eye could reaoh the mountain crests were breaking and surging in the gale. Upon the right, in the far distance, could be seen the coast of Gla morgan, while upon the left lay the channel coast of Pembroke. But what lay aheai P " What do you make out ?" demanded Dar ringford, as the brig settled into the deep trough, and the look-out lowered his glass. " There's a break in the shore a point and a half on the starboard bow." 11 Did you look upon the other side P" "Aye, aye, sir. The land breaks just the same on the larboard bow." "God be praised!" ejaculated the strong man. " Noel, we are safe!" "Safe?" repeated the youth, involuntarily clasping his hands. " Yes, safe! We have the Towy upon our starboard bow, and the Cathy upon our lar board. Our haven is at hand, and every inch of the way is now clear to me." The chieftain took his station upon the heel of the bowsprit, to con the vessel, Noel standing in the gangway to pass the orders to the helms man. Kro long the bold headland that lay between the two rivers loomed up over the sea, and the brig was put off two points to the eastward. On dashed the storm-driven bark, and higher loomed the dark coast. "Port!" shouted Darringford. "Port!" repeated Noel; and Bed worth gave her a couple of spokes of lee helm. "Steady!" "Steady it is!" " Starboard—quick!" " Aye, aye!—starboard it is!" A projecting cliff towered up on the starboard bow, and as the brig flew by it almost grazed her yard-arms; but abe weathered it in safety, and in a few moments more the helm was put aport, and the vessel was fairly within the river. The mad sea was shut out; the gale was broken ere it reached the weary brig; and the crew gave thanks when they saw the danger escaped. Ere long the brig found comparatively smooth water, where the top-soil was taken off, and the anchors let go. She rode safely enough in the quiet river; but her grateful crew were well aware that very, very few were the men living who oould have brought her to the haven through the dread dangers they had passed. On the following morning the ■torm had •bated, and the ann arose dear and warm. Darringford wai in deep thought, and held him •elf apart from kit companions; and ai won as he had eaten hU breakfast, he had his boat lowered, and went on shore. It wot 10 o'clock when he retained, and calling our hero into the cabin, he said— " Noel, I believe I shall go to Bristol by land.' " By land ?" repeated the young man, in as tonishment. "Yes—by land," " And for what reason ?" " For two reasons. There is a cargo of tea, coffee, and tobacco a few miles op the Cathy whioh must be taken to Lancashire; and if I take the brig to Briitol, I mutt lose the ran* And, furthermore, there are a frigate and a sloop of war in the Channel, neither of which lam particularly desirous of meeting. From here to Landaff is only fifty miles, and from thence a packet will take us directly across." " That may do for you," said Noel, hesitat ingly ; " but with me it is different." " How so, pray P You apprehend no danger P" " No—not danger, exactly." "Well, what then P" " Why, to tell the truth, my parse is getting rather light." "Oho,—and is that all?" returned the smug gler, with a smile. " And is it not enough ? My money ii all in the bank at Liverpool." Darringford arose from his seat, and taking a key from his pocket, he opened a small looker at the head of his bunk. When he returned he placed a roll in the youth's hand, saying— " There, my boy—that yon can hare without interest; and if you ever hereafter find yourself desirous and able to repay me, I will receive it back." Noel opened the roll, and found it to contain three fifty-pound notes and twenty golden sovereigns. He knew the character of his com panion too well to object to the ban, and he thankfully said— " I accept the kindness, as I know it is freely bestowed. And now I am as ready to go by land as you can be, provided there is good con* veyance." " There is the best of conveyance between Oaermarthen and Landaff. We can take the coach early to-morrow morning, and secure • night's rest on board the Bristol packet." That night all was prepared for the journey* At suniet the brig dropped down with the tide* after the cargo of tea, coffee, and tobaooo, while Darringford and Noel found quarters in the town; and in forty-eight hours from that time they were safely landed in Bristol. |to be oomtivxjkd.J Ah Arab chief, upon being asked what he moat admired during his stay in Farit, ii re ported to have answered, " The start that you pat inside the lamps every evening." There can be no doubt, in faot, that Paris is maoh better lighted than any other city, and the Parisian Gas Company, if it enjoys a monopoly, at all events does not abuse its power, as wm apprehended might be the ease when it first ob tained its charter. M. Maxime dv Camp, whoto sketches would find many freih readers if they were translated into English, gives some inter esting statistics (concerning this branch of in dustry, from which we learn that while the gasworks at La Villette consume 720 tons of coal a day during the winter, 330 tons are found sufficient throughout the summer months, and that the price paid for coal by the company during the past year has been close upon half • million sterling. The consumption of gas hai increased from forty millions of oubio metres in 1855, and one hundred and sixteen million! in 1865, to close upon one hundred and fifty millions for 1872, and the total length of the pipes laid down is rather more than a thousand English miles. The gus company pays the municipality a sum of £8000 for the right of laying on the gas, and it is further obliged to bear the cost of repairs whenever the pipes hare to be replaced, to say nothing of a tax of two centimes upon every cubio metro of gas con sumed. From this latter source the city of Paris derived more than £100,000 during laat year, while by the terms of another agreement giving it a fixed share in the profits, it* reve nues from the gas company amounted to Si total nearly three times as large. There are 750 lamplighters for the whole of Paris, who, so excellent is their organisation, perform their lighting functions in forty tniuutes, while it takes them even less ti ue to extinguish the lamps. A HBW aud improved variety of that well* known instrument, the kaleidoscope, originally invented by the late Sir David Browster, has recently been patented by the London Stereo* scopio Company. The instrument in [question is fixed on a pillar, like an equatorial telescope, and the combinations are effected by gently turning some projecting brass arms at the lower end. Any specially attractive deuign oan thus be retained for any length of time, so that the now kaleidoscope it something more than a mere toy, and will bo found of great use by jewellers and pattern designers in general. A very pretty effect is produced by holding pieces ol colored cardboard below the opaque end. As it is reckoned that a period of 470,980,889,576 years must elapse before the entire variety of changes would be exhausted (at the rate of ten a minute) auy enthusiast, who is resolved tosoe all the possible put terns, will, probably, in the course of his re- caches, wear out a good many 11 New Jewel Kaleidoscopes." Tub acute commercial element of the Ameri cans—that part which we ma} suppose sent over the wooden nutmegs—has discovered that by the aid of flavoring it is possible to dispose of mineral oil as champagne; and wo are assured, on the testimony of those who may be supposed to know—viz., Amorican mineral oil refiners and brokers—th.it they sell largo quan tities to champagne inalera. The "stuff" is said to be sweetuued with glycerine, as sugar does not answer, aerated by a sodawater machine, and sold for ball-room consumption. It produces terrible headache*, und often severe diarrbtei aud other evil effects. Let us hope it is nat true that a consignment of this "stuff" has reached Englund vid a French port. A NOT£t, very interesting, and useful appli cation of chljrof'orm has just been made by Dr. Squarey, of the boho li" piul. A lalj had been subjected to un ix imiimtion under chloro form. Tho husband ot tho putient wished to move her its soon as possible to her home at Norwood, but in her then condition of pain and exhaustion, a jjuriuy was out of the question. The advisability of h-.-r re* urn being strongly urged by her friends, it was proposed to per form the journey under chloroform, and this was actually accjmpl shed. The patient was antes!betiaed ou her bed iv George-street, Hanover Sq are, having no knowledge of her impending journuy. She was then carried down-stairs aud placed in an invalid carriage, driven to her home ut Norwood, and taken out and carried up etai a to her own bed without at anytime actually recognising thatsho was on her way homo. lhe journey occupied an hour and a-bulf und tho putient was undor chloro form about two hour*. NrJMßiiors utt^mpts have been mado to ren der cod-liver oil less disujr.ruble, either by gelatinising or tolidifjing if, but only with partial success. The *>■ ,•*••'»» of rupsules seems to answer best ; but tl'e (treat objection is the number of these winch li'Udt bo swallowed. Now it would seem that Mo^ra Curro and Le moine have contrived to incorporate the oil with bread. Fuch p>und of bnvtd contains a little more than two ounces of the oil or five table* spoonsful, and threo ounce* of milk. Small loaves are also niudo which contain only two tablespoonfuls, and which, altogether, weigh only fire ounces. These loaves are beautifully white, look extremely well; and have hardly any taste. Both children and adults eat them tery willingly. 