ODD NOTES.—BY A BOHEMIAN. THE elections are now as good as over, and there is a fine field for speculation as to how parties will shape in the new House. That's the beauty of Queensland politics. At critical times the public arc kept in a mott refreshing state of uncertainty m to who's who, and what's what. With the exception of a few obstinate, old-fashioned politicians, who stick to the came set of opinions year after year, for no better reason than because they beliere them to be founded on true principles, oar legislators are not political bigots. They are always open to conviction, and their antecedents famish no data for coming to a correct conclusion as to which side they will take at any given moment in the future. They are not particular to a shade, bat will change sides on the slightest provocation, change back again in a few days or* weeks with philosophio composure, and calmly take a third coarse just as rapidly," should sufficient inducement offer "—as the auctioneers' advertisements put it. Among the members already elected, for instanoe, there is Bl'llwraith, who, when last in the Assembly, was fast rising to the position of leader of the " Liberal" party —he starts on his new career as a supporter of the other side. The Hon. B. B. Moreton, again, was an ultra-squatter of the Wienholt type when he retired from public life a year or two ago, bat now he has been put in for Mary borough on the "Liberal*' platform. Fit* gerald, again, was a Badioal in 1867 and 1868, and he goes in as a strong Conservative—ill natured people say he has grown rich of late. These must all be represented by the letter " x " in the new political problem—so mast Pring, TsfDevitt, and Griffith—the want of a new Attorney-General by Palmer being a disturbing inflaenos in their ease which defies calculation. Some old favorites will be left out in the cold, and the ohanees are that their places, in the Assembly, will know them no more. Fyfe has been rejected for Rockhampton, bat worse still, Ferrett has beep elbowed out, and worst of all, Forbes, the eloquent, clear-headed, dignified ex- Bpeaker—Forbes is lost to the Assembly unless he gets in "by the skin of his teeth" for Bundanba—dodges in, in point of fact, between Fraser and the Government railway contractor, Bashford. Among the new candidates who have been rejected, I feel most for young Newton who wooed the sweet voices of the Bulimba electors. He was a young man from the country whose verdant ionoeenee and eon* fiding trustfulness in High Church dignitaries lost him his election. He started on the seoular ticket on the education question, and ran that ticket until the last {week, when he was per* snaded to change his platform, go in strong for denominational education, and win his elec tion under the protection of the Boman Catholio Church. This settled his hash at once. The Bishop sent a priest down into the Logan end of the electorate to work up and concen trate the Catholio vote on Newton, and as a natural consequence, nearly all the Catholics voted for Hemmant. Boman Catholic laymen in this oohray are, as a rale, quite content to take their religion from the priest, but they have a prejudice against his supplying them with polities also. They go in for the right of pri vate judgment on matters political, as doggedly as the most heretical Protestant in the land. The priest not only lost Newton the Catholio vote in the Logan, but the news of his mis sion was rapidly spread throughout the other portions of the electorate, and forthwith every loyal Protestant who meant to support New ton, or not vote at all, was roused to fiery in dignation, and went to work for Hemmant with an energy and leal that nothing but strong re ligious feeling could arouse. It was bad for Newton, but whenever a candidate gets into the hands of the ecclesiastics it is pretty sure to be a ease with him. Talking of the education question reminds me that a correspondent kindly forwarded me the other day a letter which appeared in a late issue of the London Examiner throwing an entirely new light on the subject of free educa tion :—" There is (says the writer in the Ixauintr) one aspect of the question which, to my mind, is of the greatest consequence, but which has been generally overlooked. Educa tion is not only an intcfleotual and moral de- velopnent, it U alto a meant of tiring j that {■ to say, in the labor market the educated mad has far greater chances of taeeeat than the ua« educated. What, then, will be the eooaoaio result of State education P Barely, it is easy to see that vast numbers of those who now hart to fill the worst paid offlees will then compete for the better paid. Take, for instance, the position of a commercial clerk. All he requires to oommence with is a moderately good demon* tary education. It is because ha is able to obtain this that his work is more raluable than that of a porter % but is it do* erident that if the porter's child is educated aft public expense he will struggle for the better paid work P Included in that ' public/ how* erer, which pays for the State education, are a large number of clerks, and the reasoning which applies to them also holds with any other trad* or profession which requires an elementary education. Is it juitP Is it consistent with the fundamental principles of goTernment to tax a person for the education of other people*! children, so that they may compete with, and thus reduoe the wages of, his own ohtldren* Upon what principle of justice is it required that a man should contribute towards the de> terioration of his own position." Upon mj word that is a Tery pertinent question, and the) extract above quoted is soggestiTe of many other pertinent questions, whioh on examination lead to the Tery foundation of modern political and social life. A late Prinoa of Denmark ones said, " By the Lord, Horatio, these three yean I hare taken note of it i the age has grown to picked (•'.#. smart) that the toe of the peasant cornea so near the heel of the courtier, he gallfl his kibe." That was said before this Free Ida cation scheme had been mooted, and if such progress in smartness was made in three yean then, what may be expected when the first generation of free educated are grows up and turned loose into the worlds*1 Courtiers, aristocratic paupers, and "re* speetable N people of small means will not only get their kibes called, but it will taha all they know to sare ihemselTes from being walked OTer, snubbed, and sat upon, by smart peasants who hare had the benefit of such s. State education as is now prorided< As a rule* you know, "blue blood* children hare no more brains than the offspring of peasants*, porters, tinkers, and other low people t and tho only effectual mode of maintaining those proper and necessary grades in society which constitute its chief exoeUenoe, is to handioap the lower class children with ignoranoe as well as poTertr. In other words, not to allow them to acquire ideas abore their proper station in life which an all-wise Proridenoe has, of course, fixed at the Tery foot of the social ladder. But if all this is to be changed, and by high-class educe* tion, oompetitire examinations, and whatnoftj erery youngster is to hare a ehsnoe of rising to any station he can win by industry and sheer, power of brsinf, the whole structure of society will be OTerturried. Blue blood will then soon count for nothing, unless it is accompanied by well-trained, well-deTcloped mental and mom qualities, which the tinker's child may also possess in equal proportion. This is Democracy with a Tongeanoe! As an outsider, I doeri care twopence how it is settled, but I feel somo sympathy for the respectable people who hero little or nothing but money or family traditiona to keep them from falling into the ranks of the plebeians. A striking illustration of the absurdity of sj poor man going to our law courts in the expects* tion of obtaining justioe is furnished by a maa named Henry Jacobs, a digger from Morinithj who has been lingering round Brisbane for tho last two or three yean under the forlorn hopo of getting his " osse " attended to. Of course there is not the slightest ground for hope m the matter—that case will neTer be attended to again unless it is brought on at the great Day of Judgment. Jacobs came from Sydney to Boekhampton in 1867 with £480 in his pocket, and soon after purchased for £I*o a third sharp in the Welcome reef, Morinish. This reef turned, out so well that other people, influen tial people in Bookhampton, thought they would like a share in it. Jacobs' partner fat Boekhampton would not send him powder, and the nun could not get it without fetching, so ho went to Bookhampton for it, and directly ho was gone his claim was jumped by one of tho M influentials " before alluded to, several othen coming in afterwards for proportionate share* of the spoiL Jacobs was a poor man and ■ stranger, so he never stood the ghost of a chanoe of getting his claim restored to him* and his proper course was to give it up ana go prospecting for a new claim—but he could not be made to see this. The Weloome reef was turning out at the rate of £40 a week, • third of which rightly belonged to htm, and he hankered after that, engaged a lawyer, who advised him to go Into the Supreme Court,, where he went— and stuck fsst in no time. He had sold all his worldly goods and possessions to get the caao into the Court, and of course it could not bo carried on "for lore." That was three yean ago, and the case sticks still. The Weloome reef has been worked out—£l9,ooo or better wen got out of it, and the money has all been spent. Jacobs has bored barristers, petitioned tho LegislatJTo Assembly, badgered members of Parliament, and wearied all his acquaintances* with his gricTance i but all in Tain. He to nothing but a rough ignorant gold-digger, and it is not likely that respectable people can bo bothered with his affairs. The worst of it if that Jacobs cannot direst himself of the idea, that by some lucky chanoe somebody's heart will relent towards him and he will still " ret his rights." * Ov the 2nd instant, about a month after the) disappearance of Mr Gilbert 7. Wright, solid* tor, from Maokay, his body was found in the) bush under ciroumstanoes which may be best explained by quoting the evidence given by Dr. M'Borney at the magisterial enquiry which waj held. The witness deposed:—"l knew the) deceased, Gilbert Wright, in his lifetime | I went to a certain spot in the scrub, about two miles from here, yesterday at about 6 o'clock in the afternoon, in company with many othec persons j guided by Forbes, the last witness, I found a dead body lying on the ground} X examined the body, and identified it as being that of Gilbert Wright, late a solioitor residing in Mackay % he was lying partly on bis face, a*» full length underneath a mangrove sapling, to the bough of which, at about nine or ten feel from the ground, was attached a portion of a white pocket handkerohief which appeared to have been torn; around tho neck of the body was a part of a pocket handkerchief with a noose on it, tied in two oc , three places j from the condition ot the body t whioh was greatly decomposed, I consider that death had ensued fully a month ago j so far aj I could I examined the body, but found no marks of any violence; from the circumstances of the ease I am of opinion that death waf caused by strangulation) I hare known the de ceased for about four years; he was of werj in* temperate habits, latterly very muoh so, and about two months ago he was suffering from delirium trement; I last saw him alive to speak to on the morning of the day he went to Broad sound by the steamer ; that was on the 22nd of September; I saw him once since he came back* but did not speak to him; I fully identified the) body i I saw a pipe taken from the body, which is that now produced; having known the de ceased as I did for some years, and all the eJr* cumstanoes, I consider that he took his own life whilst be was of unsound mind." It appesrs that the Government have deter mined to utilise throughout, if even in a quw tionable manner, the old Post-office buildings in Queen-street. The old " sorting room" at the rear of the premises has been painted and fitted! with skylights, with the object of forming the Queensland Museum. The room is 70 feet long by 25 feet wide, so that it will afford ampM •pace for all the objects it is likely to receive rat a considerable time. The expediency, however* of establishing the museum in an old wooden building, dry as tinder, is open to grave question. One would think it will be rather heavy on tht curator, at all events, to have to bid an adiea to his oherished objects every evening, the) possibilities being far from remote of his not beholding them next morning. Many have long thought that the best use the Government could put the late Post-office buildings to would be to remove the old wooden labyrinth alto gether, and not leave it a constant eyesore, M well as danger, to the mam street of the city. 