31ONS FOUR'IE 'S EXPERIIENt. A dejected man, 31. Le docteur Maurice Fournier locked the door of his physio logical laboratory in the Place de i'tecole de Medicine, and walked away toward his room in the Rue PRosini. At two and- thirty, rich, brilliact, an ambitious graduate of l'Ecole de Medicine, an epthnusiatic pupil of Claude Bernard's, a devoted lover of science, and above all of physiology, yesterday he- was without a care Eave to make his name great among the greit names of science-to win for himself a place in the forem-st rank of the followers of that mistress whom only be loved and worshipped. To-day a word had swept away all his fondest hopes. Trousseau, the keenest `observer in all Paris, formerly his farther's friend, now no less his own, had kindly but firmly called his attention to himself, and to the malady that had si imperceptibly and insidiously fastened itself upon him that until the mbment he never dreamed of iteapproach. Hehad been too follof his work to think of himself. In any other case he would scarcely have dared to dis pnte the opinion of the highest medical authority in Europe; nevertheless in his own he began to argue the matter: " But my dear doctor, I am well." " No, my friend, you are not. You are -thin and pale, and Inoticle the other night, when you came late to the meeting at the Institute, that your breathing was quick -and lasbored, and that the readingof your exceilent,paper was frequently interrupted by a short cogh," "I'That was nothing. I was hurried and excited, and I have been keeping myself too closely to my .work. A ran to Dunkerque, a week of rest and sea air, will make all right agin." -But the great man shook his head gravely : "Not weeks, but years, of a diff-rent life are needed. You must give up the laboratory altogether if you waont to live. Remember your mother's fate anl your father's eearly death-think of the deadly blight that fell so saon upon the rare beauty of your sister. Soame day you will realise your danger ; realise it now, in tim'. Close your laboratory, lock up your library, say adieu to Paris, and lead the life of a traveller, an Arab, a Tartar. ; For the present cease to dream of the future; strengtu is better than a professorship in the College of France, -and-bealth more than the cross of the Legion of Honour. Fournier was at firs: surprised- and iucreduldus; he became convinced, then- alarmed. After some thought he 'was horribly dejected. At such time an Erlglishmau becomes stolid, p German gives up utterly, an American begins to live fast, since he may not live long; but, he being a Frenchman and a Pariatai, had ilternations-first, the idea of suicide, which me-oans sleep ; second, reaction, wbil:hishbpefulness. He chose to-reactTatd did it promptly. . A little time, andlthe rooms in' the - Palace de PlEcole de Mledeciue, o:,posite the book seller's, displayed a card stuck on the enterance dour with- red wafers, "od kouera" the hammer- of the -auctioneer knocked down the comfortable furniture of the apartments in the Rue-IRossini, while that of the carpenter nailed up the well beloved books-in stout boxes, arind tha places tlhat had known M. Ie dneteur know him no more. - None but thloe who have experienced the pleasure of a life devoted to scientific research can under standhbow hard all this was to him. lThee fu'filmenut of- long oherished desires, the cotupletion of elaborate system itic I investigations, the re lihatlin of pet thbiries, the establishment of new prin. ciples-all, all abandoned after so much I taoil .alid car,. To struggle painfully i through a desert towards some beautiful i height, which, at first dimly seen, has b grown clearer and clearer and always r more splendid as le advances, and now at its very foot to be turnte- hbck by a gloomy streim in whoso depths lurks death itoelf; to reach out his hand to the c golden truth, fruit of much wiiniowing of F ,human knuwledge, and as he grasps the a preci, us grains to be bor?e back by a grim spectre whose very breath is horrible a with the inoiaome odaurs of the tomb; to fi chose an arduous life, aiu. so learn to li love it because it has high aims, and re then to give it up at once and utterly I- b alas, poor Fournier I "Novertheless," he al said its he tuiied his back on Paris, It "even idle wanderings are better than n dying of consumption. Behold . the ti studeut of science a wanderer-sailing his C yacht among the islauds of the Medltor-,jo rahei; making long' joorneys-tbrorab the wild mantamo regiorn and lovely valleys of notravelled Spain ; te?mmin:i the hist-,ric current of the Nile ; among1 the nrs~ tribe, in Arab cos:ume ridiing an Xiab Cl mare, i? aild an Arab ast the wilie-t of them; kiiling tigers Ln In-lia, tending stock in Aue:ralis, chasing bLaaff~ioin Western America--everywhere 1 .avoiding cirvization and cour:reg nature and the company of men who either by birth or adoption were the children of of nature. By day the winds of heaven kissed his cheeks, and the can bronaed them : a nright he often fell asleen won deriug at the star world'that gemrxd the only canopy over his welcome blanket couch. His treatment of consnmp:ion was certainly a rational one, and perhaps the only one that is ever wholly sao:s?s fnl. Bat, also I few can take so costly a prescriptim. Flow often had his s'ulie= led ,im to dis?:: tbhe bodies of aesitdis that had died in the dens of the Jardin des Plant I Often in the firs genera tion of cage life, alaas: always in the second, invariably ir the third, they grow doll, lia:less, the fire goes oat of their eyes, the litheness on: of their limbs ; they f:Zo t t- sit, they cough, and s^na they ad. Of wvaat COtnnmption. Once our fathers were wild, and lared in the open air; they scrcarly ever di e, at we do, ni consuaption. Croa?iitie .t bad drainage, overwork, wan: of ha'ch ful exrcis-e, stimulatiug fo? , dievipa isn -these are human cage-life. If a men is threatened wi:h rnasamp:ion, let him go bek to to the plains and f are ts beare it is. too late. CertaInly the tresatme? tefi:te i Foamer.. B and by it did mlae-it cared him. The hco; i as forgotten, the cheeks fi:` l Co:, the m rdes be?ems hard as ban lies 'f stes wire, his s:rength wag p.:di'ioas ; he a?e his foL- w:tn a reti.?h unnrown in Parts, and sle;,t like a child. Never:h-les, h mind, troi.?d to habims of t oaght adI observatio, as ino: idie. n We a city we hii home he has bet a paystealy.i, and he:d sadisi ma : he made the word his d e.ilg tas:e, and warde:ing amrug anai-chi ao:: ..ne an eton ,4oi, , .:ld began n s.nuly men. A di-Ting-ished profe-ss, wri:tng of the iofinae-ce of c!im-a'e pupl mat, for the sake of ile tra:ioa .uppses- the case of a bnmas 'bing whose fe should be pro-on-,' throngna many age!, and who seha ld pi-ss that iife in jirureying '; lw:y frm the trc:it reoins esa:h~a:d thrJagh th= :arayi'g ciimates of the earth to the eternal winter of the antarctic zcea. Always preserving his pers:nal identity, i" this traveller would undergo remarksble chances in farm, feature and co.-peXion. in habits and mides of life, ca I in mental and moral attributes. Tough he might have been perfectly white at first, his skin would pies through every degree of darkness until he reachel the equator, when it would become black. Pro:eeJ. ing onward, he would gralually become fairer, and on reaching the end of haL journey he would again be pale. His in e tellecteal powers would vary aLso, and H with them the shape of his skull, His Sf rehead, low and retreatine, would by d degrees assume a nobler firm as he a I 'vanoed to more genial climes, the facial i angle reaching its maximum to the tern a perate z ine, only to gra Inally diminish as a hejamrneyed toward the torrid, and. to if again exhibit un ler the equator its origi a nal base development. As he continued ig his journey toward the south pale he r, would nunergo a second time this series at of progressing and retrograding chaniges, y until at length, as he laid his weary noses a to 'rest in some icy cave in the drear 3t antarctica, r Mulltum ills et terris jactatus at alto, t be would be in every respect, save in age d and a ripe experience, the same as at the outset of his wanderings. Extravagant as this illustration may appear, thi pro ld fessor goes on to say, philosophically, on is the doctrine of the unity of the humna 'r race, it is rinot so; for wht else than such an imaginary prolonged individual life i is the life of the race l And what s greater changes have occurred to onur imaginary traveller than have actually befallen the human family? d Soch changes do not take place in afew u generations. For their completion, hun 0 drede, perhaps thousands, of years must k elapse. Tee descendents of :be blacks ir who were carried into America as slaves d two centuries and a half ago, save where :" the colour has been` nnlified by a mixed e percentage, are still black. -Already the Sinafluence of now climatic surroundings if and association has wrought great changes It upon them: they are no longer'savages, is but their complexion is as dark as their s, kidnapped forefathers. 'heir: original st physical condition remains almos: unal n tered, and with- it many mental charac 's teristics : their love of display and of k bright colours, their fondness for tune and n the power of music to. m ,ve them, their y weird and fantastio belief in ghosts and it spirits, in signs, omens and charms. and P, many other traits, still bear witness to s, their savage origin. ?ut evels these are ), fading away, and these man are slowly n but not the less srely boc,,ming oivilised a and white. Fournier, physiologist, as I have saiI, , by the education of the schools, but by the broader education of his travels Ssociologist and ethnologista, devoted him self again to acience, and framed this hbypothe-is :-" Ctimatic influences, acting Supon man, bring about physical chaiiges exceedirsgly slowly, because they are re aited by an inveterate habit of aoslmila tionl. This habit pertains eitherto the blood or the tissues, possibly to both, probably to the blod alone.' To estab lii anr hypo:hesais, experiment is nees sary. Poysiolagy i? a sclenc of experi tent. , HIence the frequesnat uncertainty of its reeultis,'since nUl two observers' ndeluct an experiment int exactly the same manner \-- certainly n' two evet institute it under Sprecise:ly the earnm caraditioas. N-ever'.he Sslesslet Uis not decry sciaence; .Oiat-of much searching after truthl comes the Sfinrding of truth- after long groping in darkness one comes upon. a ray of a light. . s An experinent wan necessary. To the \- Iingenious mind .of Fournier aJ elaborate eots occurred.*f f h could -perfarmn it, e not only would his hypatheses be entab lished ail onmfirmed beyond all civil, ut u a field of scientilo research alse a be opened such an"evas yet uitdreamed 'of. Ilowever, 'fo this experiment suhj ictas wore needed. Brutes, beas'sa of the ficld I Nutsc: that were easy tonachirve. Humaa beings, oao white, oae blbaok, were the reqiremasit ts. lssipssible'! wihe experi tnett could never ho perforfmed: it re qrircmntsi cs re hntamirran ale. : F"ive years I passed, anal withl restored health bicik cans,e the dld: desir;l in rlltilh, ,ld i force. Furnier longed to return to civllisation aud albo to rwork. The life tlhalt lhad Irbeen a o daelightfl whle tiid himnt good lacame c utterly unbearable whern hlie had reaped its c full benefit. [ artn tempted to quote a lise about Europs ard"aC' thay, butd refrain ;it will recur to tlt's raader. Heo burned to renew the labour -heI had abandone'l, ti take up again the work be t had laid down to do battle with diso-ae, i now thatdiseasoe was vanquished. Tuhus the year 1861.found him in the city of t Charleston, homeward bound in his t] journey around tho world, While still in I tih wiHi ? wet ioethe o ie i'sippi h le0ad hsre abspid 'bie -cours inortlward; and 1 r-?Illy praedjd 'directly, by -tcimzer Ifr;m N- York to Ecrop?. But a deter mins : pE rp- Ii him to- choose:a d fereatcourse, thouns be was well aware :t* it wool I involve indefinite delay in treching Paris, and great "perwrnal risk. i The lif -- h hj beta leading made him thibk lightly of danger, a d years would ba well speta if he caluld accimplish the plans that induced him to go into the disorganised country of the Sth. - He etraitway connneted hims?f with the army as Brg n ran! acded a imteI pan sat the front. He wanted active s -vic In this he was dip .teo. Charleston, blctadmi ad3 b-dse , ws in a state of .li-art in Ban. S, °. ao .sesa l Ret;.go of shet asd hedll a la?w roanz bnuse the warks on shore ad nsnse whih thee Uuanss hai e?a? and held upoa the nei_ hbo3,re eis?hI ? and ms-'-;s, shing was dea? , sa?? irf- culy a uear Fe.S-are e ionoes ts t is anev - o rocits du A ,tv in a ws?T-t'~ d1 aq-.i fai a pps'e miiitsrbaa?-?. Ne, .hefl,=l, th e-i . was ?.;s whof.l w-asi-. Free a phanter fleem; nrSm itn aa'-chs oa civi war he E-svun a atite hea: l5ae-4 r - that pt -i-- - an =Ma i ti glil erer thing that wead :=i tealto dil 1 bhins.55 His at his many hias tdye'. - _at,_eight him Wel, t 1: of the gs?, t pf i ces oe rnii -is h3 s. roe 'to khn him is ir 5sJnsLa; aid sm; h e s ni 5.1 en di arw a F-ad f au-n% aof lided t had r~a d "_ rto th aa te a i su lt t Fen m ie its dhea H. th t himmehrIa t-i;nz ___ lyh casvlc" h2i s - lther ?.snt?e - hung aees. he 2n ei e t, st- caress , th'? e r?o l-s b the t?anr n- ci-~ i tHe a s tesi mel an p-ince,, ~ ~ Fr v?s? 1 ..l, ) .w a hea .hm to .aLh L-5- gL ais d r!irm n m any rdot.3 a a. always ad drhe, hena is his pAican name tai tide in of his ho i: -1, and tinht hirei to * us teii t3 a i-- athit he = nzht b nrm 2 fra-n E m '-e za a r' ea n Sor a: b ao . e T Io iar athre and with tiLa s -he of borl, whidch a ti-st mr;iened him. -ce he ? ive him a dry- that m ae hr hear hrb, aJla thon b!e him with inst ant rlie - He ?-rted aI i intere. in th, e al et- which hung at his nal, and besough: -hi to give him s-t-oi wear. He committed tohLs are, awith aexne tasr of the grat-es? srli? ide a traog bon brass bornd and carefully loc , .whichl he t-lh? him containd his ";-a Smb potent and cruel deity, who would, however, when it pleas3d him, give back the his , of a deai t aes or bhr a. This. or taelneid a silver cap, with a thrmoeter fixed in its side; a glas syrisnge holding about a third of a ; a largcur- ed needle paiforated in itsle deth like at , sharp aict one enatni the o~,~d rexpanded to fit nc ara'ely the nozzle of the syringe; a little strainer also fitting ane syrige; and it. a small hand' of wires with a handle i ke an eg-beater. For the resa this sa te wasn . crasked, illsfh eatoad hindeoa . is gskin was bhvel as night ; his head se all, the face immensely disproportionate .toe the cranium; hisc jaws massive, and anrmed i with aliterins hits teeth filed to prints; his chee.s full, his nose flat, his eyes little, deep set, retle:3, wriclked The usage he raagired from hi new ? uster was so different from his former experience with white esn, and so in accord eith his own undisciplined nature, that it called forth all the sympathies of his character. He soon loved the Frenchmand with an in tensity of affection almost in aaprelensible. It is no exaggeration to say that he would have illingly laid down his life to gratify his aiter as slightest wish. The tate r's knoi edge was to him so comprehasive, his pover s baoundless, and his will v? imperi ons and. ine.ible, that he feared and wor shipe? him as a god. Ponnier looked upon this monster with sateisnation, satl Inged for a bat:e. His wish was at last gratified On the fourth of July, 1st, an. ens acment took pace threehe miles northwest of re ville, near tshe north Elitho River. A e of Union soldiery had been asiembled from the Sea Islands -and-from Florida, is measd on Seabrook Island, and pushed thncet up into Sot arro slitn The jectaofthis ex pedition was unkhegwz i.unleed :s nothing nhatever was achompli shd, the strategy of it rermains to this day unerplined. How ever, -forewarnedh as-forearmed adEvesy imoemer t was watched and reported by the rebhal scoats; al the !troops that could be spared from C Jhirleoto - were sent onu to op posetheinvaderas roads were o-stroced; brid es were destroyed, batteries erected in strong positions, everything:prepazel to im pede their progress. Our story needs not that we should dwell upon the sufferings of the Union soldiers on that futile eped ition rom the narrow, dusty roadsp, the fresaent scarcity of -water, the intense heat:- With indfiite fatigue and peril they advanced only fiveor six miles in a day's march. Many adiedbofunstroke, and many fell by the iray utterly exhausted. There was ocessibnal sle romshing; but t one actual battle. To that the troops gav the name " thet battl of Bloday Bridnae." Picture a slightly un sdulating country covered- with thick, low forest ;a narrow road that by as open plank bridge crosie na wide as gish stream with marhy bankrs, aes curved beyond abrnitly to the right prrooid. ou steep hiln feend the bridge;ronind this hill uan crthsffork, rudeo tobe sngre bustlser donhdea, falmosti reyei n"ble to itn with arti ierl to pdye t pot ; irthein thwo cinon, for sitf oh the rrr p ent of ammunition, wa six hundrd Conatl erate soldiers, freS tsaper, deht crminead;.on then under arsix the lendrs anxiors and disy curater the ea n exhastedd, careorn Iho, oenri ng; asi to be dotne anext, hearti:ye nick of it alltlyet WillinR to d3 theirbeast in the thiket oon bothei, of the rhoad, not dulatirn, ounly coveral, within pistol-shot ofthe enerray, asi hundtred Ubdel n Statesn one of the firsth rerud, yoneithout cafnon, btrimdchalse, oaeie alteg, h forsorn hope, se warh bankn to taki the bttery u Truese mei steal thily assembled there among the trees anor bushesare readp . Notis one of them arriue a o?und of ssper oos lvei onht Their rins with fixed bayon, a hria pfule of careidtes, a canteen ith water are eough othe a eeves of, theirsoirts; they know there ris olr efort thsem.: ntty kneel in prayer; comrades xctds ai messagies t h loved n at hone, art oive eah oher little ke'ed s -the rings, tshey wore ors, riar irnes conerig over with the namedns e u iof coasfit battles; itheo-pnrhap t theiy bhare no loved ones-look to thot losks of theeir picces rnd, awnit impatiently the signal to advance. The oficers-nhuie with oten, motn of ther?m asn sociter fbeallows, old hnrv hd bsyn fiah r once tis he asik t aile pull ors eing tena at ilaricet onml a hot man theard than tre Lsncras-move arcut raeady theni. speaking to this ononlnd to tsptronfucswln-b dared not feel themselves. But.o hark:l .tho. tighl to movee ' Quickly they ford in the road and with a shout advance at: a run, their dusky face slisteminyg in,that, summer sun and their manlyhoearts beating bravely in the very jaws'o eth. Now the brida o troerbles booeath thor stheady.;tread; ,the foromost are at thdlhll, yet' ilonign 6f lifo in the battery. Only the smooth groen bak, othe lvted ofloo ito the distances, and those cne, ranerer d..os neaa? r, a-nd neo? Mmee are on the hi and befyn ;-- clihb g ray latp foanesthe-'efeaee, e!ow1yi' thdifd"=l,." n= :a ti.- stheir r s as aids like .plne o zs1 Not a word ':p en. I I ?3Is had to u nde? nd haw so I any: men - can'r e ieh as listle oa ise. T-e d!e is t.- at which precedes al dread frl xts.e It i' ýio-;, teMibl. SE - twenty eie mre=,w and the bforemo ? i heath :se raenpa, ..h. t hate!the day 1 is won! S ddenly a figure in gry leaps upon t bras'wo; he wares is swoavrd uters a shou an ick =erd of c rm=snd, and diappears' . IA s ene.??. The T se ing i-o - aaL. 't;e t"en?e" becomes hid one opoa-. Th ?h resaoth g line of the s ad ?a-"-st the sek is l with mrk?s~ men., a[nd ir ahinstant r m i t w cth e fire T?? en tae csan>a bellw the brheerler ss air is Idense -itf sooke The att-e' column hesitates, trem e, as? s usdes efort to bIy tge _ oT be. o a end reavour to lly tleir , and w ehmen ae en s?at' trne,bt in hn;. ,3d aend ia.hl csenon sfTand isi a a a \ohs en reahedl s, the bsave el. lonws-- G bless .er inary I-al. at t a3. form apo''nd chlrag C te tArln aglain ain a min and aginn; erv in rata and w.ih new losses, u.til last ty mi eat rall-, bt re:s. broken salr hrii In i a the ran hrt id-f Or e. ipt diton, cycne wt el-them such of the waudesed a3di as they can a sih 'from herw h eree ofth rebel'- sinde -an Sesh c was b - bt e u a.d hB~ ly Brige, ad well I wass "T r -i F.ive times that ghia, t red. b meat cM the 'batemer, aid when thec het bas oik- en dead away the san seo es a wawa'n upon a pus h.r e heoal duoing c Se""' of that sodled asrzrn-datedo In : ceds nupon the rhocs fd -on, of the a rnei hill Lsw--Blaol pcred pleataesl ti n thae d-s'- roud, strinugit hr tib e with b paru.le ie- taw staining the bride and 1 gaaneg in Lr t Ie pools upan the opic .ks, I adnt sarering sowy hdown rthrough tie cr s iet-wn them into the slgish a sreat w"' :ere it _ied with the wat-: in ( reat rd reuious, to ard which aretatures dweir"g is sinmy depths Islet- canre Up a-i, Lat she .thsy toteu iy btye- fori e e.sr ai furt an~c the liedves litc uem -bae d d.-nz a rin n de "wa net orst ead oa sues i up ther raseiling of the bea - sa o ~ uer the fene s, f go -upon the trembling leaves aor ir crisses by tea war= fe-o?nda every where ! Ad. everwher-e th'e autnrned :aces and trn ble as of m er n ha dared I to do their dties and to riet; side by side ath oGe who sli and e the i ia she io - owel--all et ana mna esar bs ha11 wear- 7 mg the d ay n exrea?s? of brave buhat hope less dtlr niu ons2. That wai abrai e charge a: pro sh hbpt trur nre there have been BalAhida v s t2.' ar-e yet uns.ng. - So the expedition went back, and its bri-a gades were redisiibnted to the _Sea Islands p and to Florida; bit whyit was ever sent out, and wha that ro ement was sent forwarld to take teL battery aithoat artillery; and with out reinforcements, God, wh, knoweth all t thints, only knows. And God alone kucaw why there m?t be a ars eand runoas of war, and why inen made inHis image must aitea. h oither like -maddened boasts. In this battle,heavy has- the lo"ses otere, the Cwnfderates took buat one prisoner. A the third charge-a tall, broad-shoulderscap tain, who seemed, like anotherson of Thetis, almost invulnerable. darted imapetnolously ahead of his men and reached the nsummit of the defence. Useless bravery ! In anina stant a volley point blsnkpswept away theI charging men behind hirem, and a gunne,'a sabre threstfbore him to the groand within theoworks, where he laystunnedt and bleeding beside the gun he had striven so hard totaes. The man who had captured him, wild with Sexclitement and maddened with the a powder that blackened him and the hot blood which jetted upon hie,, sprang dewn,- spat Upon him, spurned him with his foot, and would have dashed out his brains with the heavy hilt of his clubbed sword had not a strong hand grashed hiseplifted wrist. 'It was Foutaier, who had watched the battle with an interest as intense as that of the most ar dent Southerner in the battery, though wide Iav diferent incharacter His interest was that of the naturalist who stands by 'eager and carious to see a rustic entrap some rare a ir that he desires to study, to use for his exc riment. Better for the bird: it can sfeer and die -Afterwardl 'what imatter whether it stand neatly stuffed and mounted a voiceless worshipper, in some?glass manso leanm, or slowly moulder in a fence corner until its feathers are waf-ted fa. ead wide, anrid only.a little tnft of greener grass remains to its memory? As oar'naturalistls game I was nobler and destined for more important I study;'sh itiwas dapatrle of lifelong s.f.ering nioreesubtle and intense.'" Perhaps Founier had not fully considered, in his.eagernes'to prove his hypothesia, the dancers to the subjects of' his exp riment., Perhaps. ,his I mnd was so intent upon the physical ispoct I of'the questions that he had overlooked some t of the intellectual and moral elements in the "problem and did not realise the enor mities that would reesult should he succeed. c SOn the other hind, perhaps he saw them; I realised them fully, and was the meire deep y fatscinated with the research because of its leading into such gloomy and mysterioues regions of speculation Let us do him justice. t I Science was his god, and this ido'ater was n I willing to endure any labour and privation; Sand to assume any responsibility in herser vice. Would that more who worship a greater God were as devoted i! If he should succeed S Surely he had not coinre thus ieair t suees to suffer his splendid Yankee captiini to ha brained there before before his eyes. Liko a hawk lie had watched every incident of the fight, and eras on the alert to 'act.the part of eureonoa' toward any wrho might he 6 either wounded in the battery or taton prisoner. He had even resol-ed; in case of the capture of the place, to represent his a pec-liar position toathe Uritrd States officer ur comsnnad, and to beg of hiu permission 3 to make his erperrment upon a wvounded rebhl The genner turned fieeoely upon himn I but dropped his arm and sheathed his sabre t at his qcestios, and then .-walkod 'hack to a his gion' abashed, for ho 'was, refter l ll, 'a 'brvery d chirvliors remsn. 7Fournier' simply asket' " Do Cornfeiler ate sasleiera morr or prisoners 'of wsr !'!a And added, us Hisa wanuded esnn-leave him to me. Then hbernelt down beside t him and ecarnined his orinddi, uiand though he c strore to-be calm 'he irecbled ~ivith excite mntb as he tore oipn the -bles' bloisue and felt the warm blood wellingr over hislfingers. It was a simple woaId. through the. fleshy pert of the shoulder; a strand' of ,saddler a silk and sfo satrps" of stickinrg-plater wouldh aae talfflod todroers it,' but Ithe I Frenchman smilel rhoenhe wiped away-the cloti and saw the blood spurtimg from -,wo orrthree divided'arti 'ries. .,,, '(To ho co&neldir; in our nui t, - i 