NORTHUMBERLAND HOUSE. (FROM THE TIMES, AUG. 26.) As it has been decidsd that Northumber- land House is to posa away and be de- molished, in order to .make room for a street giving' access from Charing- cross to the Thames Embankment, a short account of the mansion and of its past history may bo of interest. , According to the various writers of topo- graphical and antiquarian works on London and Westminster, ranging from Speed down to Charles Knight, this, "the last of the many old palaces of English nobility which once graced the Strand, stands on ground which was in early times the , site of a chapel and hospital dedicated to St. Mary the Virgin, founded in the reign of Henry III., by William Marischal, Earl of Pembroke, as a cell to the Priory of Ronceval, in Navarre. This house, however, seemB to have .been suppressed, along with the alien priories, by Henry V., tbougli sub- sequently revived under Edward IV. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries at the era of the Reformation, the site appears to have been granted by Edward VI., or his Minis- ters, to one Edward. Carvvarden or Carvvar dine, "to be held in free soccage of tho Honour of Westminster." From his hands it passed into those of one Robrett Brett, from whom the "houseand garden" were purchased along with other property by Henry noward, Earl of Northampton, second son of Henry, Earl of Surrey, that " elegant poet as well as gallant and accomplished nobleman." Upon this site Lord Northampton built a " sump tuous palace," as it is called in the family documents, having for his architects Bernard Jansen and Gerard Christmas, the latter of whom we are told built Aldersgate in the reign of James I., and whoso monogram is still to be seen at Charing Cross. It was finished in a.D. 1605, and was then called, after its owner, Northampton-house. It consisted of threo sides of a quadrangle, the centre fronting the Strand, and open towards the garden and the river. The cail, who died here in 1614, devised the boase and estate to bia nephew, Thomas Howard, fust Eail of Suffolk, second son of Thomas, fourth Duke of Norfolk-the same Earl of Suffolk who, as Lord Thomas Howard, "being in that memorable engagement of the Spanish Armada was knighted at sea for his good services therein," and who was afterwards appointed Lord High Treasurer. Ho completed the quadrangle by building the front towards the garden and the river. It was then called "Suffolk House," and it passed in succession to his son Theo phillis, the second, and to his grandson James, the third Earl of Suffolk, whose sister, Lady Elizabeth Howard, carried it with her into the Percy family on her marriage with Algernon, tenth Earl of Northumberland, of the old line. The principal apartmenta at that time weie on the side facing the Strand ; but the Earl reconstructed, at great cost, the garden or river front-it is said, though the statement is questioned, under the direction of Inigo Jones'. Thenceforth the chief apartments were transferred to the southern side, which has always since borne the name of the "new front," and is so styled by Evelyn in 1658. It is almost needless to add that the Houbo came to be called Northumberland-bouse in honour of its new owner, the head of the historic family of Percy, the same Earl to whose care the children of Charles I. were intrusted by the Parliament. It waa here, in the spring of 1660, after he had taken up his quarters at Whitehall, that General Monk met the Eail of Manchester, Hollis, Sir William Waller, Lewis, and other leading statesmen ; and here, says Lord Clarendon, "in secret conference w ith them, some of those mea- sures weie concerted which led to the speedy restoration of the monarchy." On the Earl's death in 1088, the property passed to his son Josceline, hast Earl of North- umberland of the ancient line, whose only daughter, Lady Elizabeth Percy, carried it in marriage to the "Proud" Duke of Somerset, who lived here with his Duchess in great state and magnificence. He was succeeded by his son Algernon, Duke of Somerset, who freatly improved the northern front to the trana-a fact still testified by an inscription in the stone-and built the gallery or great room foi ming the western wing to the south front. As there was already a Somerset House in the Strand, the mansion fortu- nately escaped a change of name through tho years during which it was tenanted by the Somersets. On the death of Algernon, the Duke of Somerset mentioned abovo, Northumberland House passed to his daughter, Lady Elizabeth Seymour, and she married Sir Hugh Smithson, of Stanwick, who assumed by Royal licence the name and arms of Percy, and in whose favour the Dukedom of Northumberland waa revived in the year 1770. The Duke of Northumberland faced the quadrangle with stone, added much to the gallery wing, which" had beon erected by the Duke of Somerset, and restored the front towarda the Strand, and other parts of the edifice which were much damaged by a fire in March, 1780. From Hugh, the first Duke of Northumberland of the now line, tho estate has passed, very slightly altered in any pait, to his descendant^ the present and sixth duke. Northumberland House is more than ordinarily rich in social, political, and his- torical associations. Thus Evelyn has left in bia " Diary " not merely an account of the mansion as it was in his day, but also a critiquo upon its contents, including some of the pictures which still adorn its walls. Horace Walpole, too, in ma amusing a nu gossiping "Correspondence," gives us con- stant peeps into its interior, both in the days of the Somersets and also of the second Smithson-Percy race, making constant allusions to its-state-roomB and gallery and tbe character of ita inmates, with whom ho was on intimato terms. It was from North- umberland House, as he tells us, that he sallied foith with a gay party to visit the scene of the "Cock-lane Ghost ;" and he describes, with minute details, at least one of the fêtes at whicli he was present within its walls. It will bo remembered how. in writing to his friend Sir Horace Mann, he tells him of the King's resolution to revive the title of Northumberland in favour of "whoever could make it appear that he was to have the Noithumberland estate," but that the matter was obliged lo bo dropped for a time, as tho ?Duke of Somerset "refused to lot any- body seo Mb writings;" how severely he . criticises in another letter some copies of pictures which the new Duko had ordered nom Italy, and how thoroughly ho identifies tho Fercies with the mansion from which they are now about to depart by speaking of the then Duchess of Northum- berland as "the Duchess of Charing Cross." Pennant, in his History of London, remarks that it is most unfortunate the situation of the house is so confined. " The noble front is pent up by a narrow part of the Strand, and the rear by a cluster of mean houses, coal wharves, and other offensive objects, as far as the banks of the Thames." However, to use the words of the same writer, ' ' happily, hy the favour of the Government, the noble owner enjoys the power of giving the place tho most magnificent improvement. The late Duke received nora the Crown a lease of all the intervening ground its far as the river; and within these very few years an absolute exchange for certain lands in North- umberland for the erection of batteries against foieign invasion at a period when the project of univeisal fortification pre- vailed. A little time," he adds-and it must be remembered that he wiote just 80 yeara ago- "may see every nuisance removed, and a terrace arise in their stead emulating that of Somerset-house ; indeed, the graut is said to have been solicited for that very pur pose." Nooilhouck, writing in 1772, in his History of London and Westminster, mentions Northumberland nouse as " almost the only house remaining in town where the ancient magnificcnco of the English nobility is up- held." He describes it in great detail, de- scending evento Buciiminulio as the number, Style, and furnituro of the rooms. The front to the Stiand he speaks of as magnificent in its way, thougli neither purely Gothic nor purely classical. After enumerating the ex- ternal towers, widows, piers, niches, and tunets which are so familiar to every Lon- doner, and even the leaden "lion" which crowns the centre, he passes on to describe the innercoiirt, "nevvlyfacedwithPortlaiidstono, in a more correctstylo than the exterior, " and " two new wingB, above 100ft. in length, ex- tending from the garden front towards the river." Ho Bays, "the principal door of the house opens into a vestibule about 82ft. long and more than 12ft. wide, ornamented with columns of the Doric order. Each end of it communicates with a staircase leading to the principal apartments which face the garden. These consist of several spacious rooms fitted up in tho most elegant manner. The ceilings aro embellished with copies of antique paintings and' fine ornaments in stucco, richly gilt. The chimney-pieces consist of statuary and other curious marbles. The rooms aro hung with tapestry and damask, and are furnished with large glasses, settees, chairs, marble tabies, <tc, with frames of exquisite work- manship. They also contain a very large and valuable collection of pictures by the great masters, among them being works of jKaphael, Titian, Paul Veronese, Salvator Rosa, Rubens, Vandyck, &c;, not to mention other and more modern names. It is well known that the most valuable painting in the Duke's Gallery is the Cornaro 1> amily, painted by Titian. Of this picture Noorthouck says that it was lost by the family and afterwards recovered by them in an unaccountable man- ner, and that it was sold to Algernon, Earl of Northumberland, in the reign of Charles I., by Vandyck, for £1,000. ' Passing on to the left wing, ho next de- scribes the state gallery or ballroom. 106ft. in length, and gives details of the way in which it is adorned. It is lighted, he says, by day by nine windows on the side facing the garden, and at night by four glass lustres of gigantic sizo suspended from the ceiling, ne adds that the palace contains above 140 rooms in all, that the apartments of the duke and duchess aro "very commodious and elegantly furnished," her grace's closet being "a repository of curiosities which will afford a moBt pleasing entertainment to a connoisseur; and that'the two libraries " comprise a variety of well-chosen hooks on the most useful and curious subjects." The garden between the house, and the Thames, says Mr. Noorthouck, "foims a pleasant piece of scenery before the principal apart- ments, for it consists of a fine lawn surrounded by a neat gravel walk, and bounded next tbe walls by a border of curious flowers, shrubs, and evergreens. Could it have been extended quite to the banks of the river," he observes, "the enlargement would be an advantage both to the owner and to the public in general." In a privately- printed " Minute " on the subject of Northumberland-house, bearing date 1806, it is stated that "the Duke of Northumber- land is naturally desirous that this great his- torical house, commenced by Howard, con- tinued by a Percy, and completed by a Seymour, which has been theiesidence of his ancestors tormore than two centuries and a half, should continue to be the residence of his descend ant8 ; but the Metropolitan Board of Works are desirous that this house, which, with its garden, is one of the landmarks of London, and is, probably, the oldest residential houso in the metropolis, should be destroyed." Ganaletti in the last century painted the Strand front, and his picture is rendered familiar to antiquaries and topographers by an admirable engraving, which is now rather scarce. 