THE HOMESTEAD AREAS ON THE downs, t Tiie lands resumed: for homestead purposes under the Act of 1872 we're thrown open to selection (without competition) on Monday last (says tho D. Di Gazette). The lands office was crowded with selectors of tho right sort, and the old story that the. peoplo were not disposed to set tle -on ' tho ' available lands of tho Darling Downs, received a completo.and perfect refuta tion. Iu fact, tho rush for homesteads on Monday could not; have been more determined ' and noteworthy had the lands'been offered with out ' conditions' and without price. The ap plications were as follows '. Michael Stack Culhane,: 220 acres, Eton Tale resumed portion. .Thomas Culhnne, 320 ucres, Eton Vale. Samuel Richards, 160 -ucres, Clifton resumed portion. ? .?? . ? : .-. Francis Brnwlcy, 1G0 acres, Clifton. ? '? Denis Doolam, 160 ncres, Clifton. Thomas Allen, 320 acres, Eton Valo resumed portion. : ; : ? . William nawkes, 19*1 acres, Eton Valo.si - , W. Aldridge Reynolds, 320 acres, TCton Vale. ? Garrett Cnllmnc, 320 aores, Eton Vale. . * Eugene Gallagher; 320 acres, Clifton resumed portion. ? ; '? .? - . ?? ?- Patrick Lynch, 123 acres, Eton Vale resumed ; portion.; - ? '. Thomas Fos, 160 acres, : Emu Creek, Eton Vale. ... ;, Donald McDonald, 160 aores, Eton Valo. Patrick Fox, 320 acres, Eton Vale, n t. . Andrew Puroell, 320 acres; Emu Creek, Eton '. Valo. ... ??-. - i: .1 . William Fox, 200 acres, Emu Creek, Eton Vale. ? Edward Hewitt, 320 acros,. North Branoh ro sumcd portion. ; J. T. Donnelly, 320 acres, iNorth Branch. , Wm. Bowden, 320 acres, North Branch. Napoleon Donelly, 320 acros, Feltou resumed portion. Henry Stadlmm, 320 acres; Felton. . : Patrick O'Keijfo. 320 acres, Fclton. , Jainos Kane, 320 acres, Feltou. Ge ii-go CVreen, 320 acres, Fulton. ; Napoleon Donnelly, 320 acres, Fclton. . .W. Mann, 320 acres, Felton. J. M'Kowin, 320 acres, Felton. F..W. S..Whitchurch, 300 acres, Folton. J. O. Dea, 320 acres, Clifton resinned poition. Thomas O'Gorman, 320 acres, Clifton. ' Bernard Smith, 320 acres, Clifton: ,R. Blackie, 320 acres, Eton Valo. ? M. H. Heinz, 198 acres, Clifton. D. M. 'W. Hann, 80 acres, Clifton. Charles Thomas, 300 acres, Eton Valo. George Lipp, 100 acres, Pilton and Eton Valo. . - William Cumining, 320 acres, Eton Vale. Williani Ernst,. 300 acres, Clifton. Joseph Roberts, 320 acros, Eton Valo. Alfred Hendel, 320 acres, Eton Valo. ? John Russell, 160 acres, Gooinbungee.' Michael Moore, 68 acres, parish Taylor. Elizabeth Russell, 320 acres, Goombungeo The Melbourno Age of laBt weok gives the following particulars of a very repulsive pro ceeding :— On Friday last two little children named Reisoliel were accidentally drowned in the Merri Creek at Brunswick, and although the accident was witnessed, and there could be no doubt us to the cuuso of deathj Mr. Candlor, tho district coroner gave instructions to Dr. Talbot to make a post mortem examination of the bodies. The parents of the children, who are iii very poor circumstances, reside in a small wooden cottage measuring about 20 feet by 10 feet, divided' into two , apartments, ; ono boing used as d bedroom for tho family, 'arid the other us-a sitting-room and kitchen. Tho bodies of tho children wore removed ' to this house, and Dr. Tiilbot. proceeded there to mako his exami nation. Having, commenced operations; lie coolly requested tho inotlior to assist him by holding - tho body of the child. This she naturally refused to do, nnd ou '.remonstrating with tho doctor for his conduct, tho latter uii ' ceremoniously turned her out. of tlio .house. Tlie viscera and other portions of the body were subsequently thrown into a bucket, und the second ohild having been .treated in, a similar manner and unnecessarily hacked to pieces, tlio contents of the bucket Were thrown out on tho ground Voutside the house, as if no more im portant operation th'ao killing a -pig had been performed; These extraordinary ' proceedings on tho part of Dr. Talbot have naturally excited a, 'consideralilo. amount of indignation in the locality, which will no doubt lead to the police making a full ihyosttgatiori. into the matter. It. seemsas if the coroner is not without blame, ns there was no necofsity for liini to iBsue instruc tions for the making of a post mortem oxamina- ? tion in a caso whore thero were witnesses - to tho aecidcnt, and there could bo no doubt as to the cauBo of tho children's death. A Curious Stouy. — In the last number of tho China Overland Mail wo find tho follow ing A curious story is in circulation amongst the Chinese — curious as it relates to tho alleged appearance of, tho murdered man's spirit asking for redress. Some time ugo, a junk sailed from Hoifoonir,' containing a number of coolies for ., the ' burranoons of Macao. Having ^arrived, there, 'the live-cargo was quickly disposed of, ' and the captain received ? as freight: something ' oyer 1,00,0 dollars.'^ This incited the Jiclinsman and some of tlio erew. to league themselves with two piralicul junks to ^attack the boat and to rob tho captain ; of the money. Two or three days sinco tlio j unit left . Macao, going back to Hoifoong. .Oa tho way, near Chang Chow, tho two ph-atcs hove in sight, and tlio helmsman steered 'close up to them, when the, pirates boarded tiie.junk, , killed the captain, and throw him overboard. Here comes the mysterious park of the' story. Tho master of tho. Luk Kce , barracoon one night dreamed a dream, in whioh he saw tho ghost of the murdered man before him, saying hq' had been murdered, that he was robbed of his morioy, and that he wished the barracoon master to, complain and try to obtain redress for- him, which ho thought would not be difftoult, as the pirates wero sailing off Chang Chow. On the strongth of this dream, the barracoon waster complained to the Portuguese authorities, 'who sent out a gunboat, and tho, pirates woro found ait tlio spot indicated by the gliost. It is said that tho crow of tho attacked junk (who had come to Hong Kong sinco tho robbory) had gone over to Macao ; one of them was the brother of tho deceased, and had been cut in several places. Whether thero iB any truth in the statement of tho appearance of the ghost or not, the facts of the robbery and cap ture are correct, 