FICTION. («from English, Antwlean, «ad ofber PerlodlA«i».> WIFE & ko WIFE Bv tie Author of " ¿Raised to the Throne." CHAPTER XXVIII. HABBIES. "WntthouhivethUwoman?" "IwUL" And then, .* WUt thou have thl« man ?" "I will ;" and " Amen." And ti» two «re one flesh In the angelt' ken.-flood. The people about Glenbracken hardly knew the old place under the influence of the mighty changes that were being wrought there. The re-instatement of the familv was a mvsterv to their simula minds. They heard, in a desultory sort of way, that there was ft " new heir f that Mr, Duncan's son had succeeded to the place lately occupiedby Cecil's boy; andtbat the old branch was for the present extinct as far as male heirs were concerned. They did not trouble them- selves about it;, so as some »f the family lived and kept things going a little, they did not mind who it was. They marvelled exceedingly at the quaint, old-fashioned things sent down from London for the refurnishing of the place-curious medisäval furni ' ture and queer-looking, old-fashioned carvings ; for Mr. Duncan Graham, in giving carte blanche as to the expense of refitting the old place, gave also strict orders that there was to be no modernising, or the ?lightest attempt to turn Glenbracken into any »ambiance of a new-fashioned gentleman's house. 80 the old furniture was replaced by other of the .ame kind ; and the old walls touched up in keeping, and the gardens restored to their pristine beauty, naif-wild, half-artistic; and the white, soft snow of Christmas lay like a sheet of purity over all when Henry Graham and his cousin Mona stood at the altar of the little parish church close to Mousehole, to hear the Church's benison on their union. A happier or more loving pair, perhaps, never .tood side by side at God's altar. Handsome, well matched, and with the world all in prosperity before them, theirs did indeed seem a happy fate ; .nd even the peevish old man, whose life lately bad been such a tissue of sad misfortunes, brightened ander the influence of tbe new prospenty that had dawned upon him, and ceased his querulous discon- tent at the sight of Mona's peaceful happiness. They had not forgotten Hester, whose bitter sor- row had helped to make their joy. Letters from them all had found her in her enforced idleness at Mrs. Marsh's, and she could not mistake their genuineness. "How they must have all altered 1" she said to Mrs. Marsh, as she gave the letters into her motherly llanda. " Goodness knows, there was need of it 1" said that lady, grimly. " They wouldn't be so cordial if they hadn't stepped into a good thing by all the misery thaf a come upon you, my dear. There, now, I've made you cry, like a wicked old woman as I am ; but I can't bear to think of it ! Cordial ! He cordial-that gruff old bear ! Nothing short of an earthquake would change his nature." " Don't spoil my fancy," Hester said. " I like to think they feel kindly towards me. Miss Grome writes like a feeling, kind-hearted woman now ; I only remember her as-" " As the image of her father, I'll go bail." " Something like him, I confess. How strangely things come about t Poor Cecil used to say tbat this very cousin she is going to marry, and his father, were never even spoken of in the family ; they were considered to have disgraced themselves so by con- tinuing in trade." "Iluce their letters best," Mrs. Marsh remarked ; and indeed they were more frank and cordial than those from Mona and her father, though Mona had meant to be as warm as she possibly could, and sin- cerely wished to see more of the woman Cecil had believed to be his wife. Mr. Graeme's epistle was very formal-full of Te fets for what had happened, and wishea, to show at he should still regard her with the same feeling sa though the discovery had never been made ; and concluded with a request that she would come to Glenbracken, and recruit ber health : " As Mrs. Grome, of course," he wrote, in conclusion, " acknow- ledged and respected as such by all of us. We can then decide what can be done with the boy, whom I .ball always regard with affection, as my son's child, in spite ef what has come to light." Mona wrote more sympathetically, calling Hester her "dear sister," underlining the words, and begging her to come to the wedding, and then to stay at Glenbracken as long as ever ehe liked. Henry en- dorsed her letter by a few hearty words ; and his father wrote separately a letter which was more to the purpose than any, end somehow went home more to the heart of the mourner. " Let us know, my dear," the outspoken cotton tpinner wrote, "whether there is anything wa can <io for you. I don't mean money only, or money at all, if you don't like accepting it from us ; but is there any way in which we can serve you and that fine boy of yours ? The child's a Grome, and must be educated as such ; and, if you'll let us have a band in the work, we shall only be too glad for the sake of his father's memory and his mother's goodness. I've seen you, my dear, though you don't know me, and have laughed and cried at your bidding like the rest of the world. Don't be too high-minded to take help from your husband's friends (for poor Cecil was your husband in the sight of Heaven) ; and believe, when- ever you need it, you have only to ask and have." Hester cried bitterly over the letter-tears of gra- titude and pleasure. She did not want the help thus proffered, but it was good to know that their hearts had wakened to bar and her boy at last; and she answered these letters in the same kindly spirit in which they were written. She told Mona she could not be at her wedding; she did not feel equal to it ; but begged her acceptance of a little present in memory of Cecil and herself. To Mr. Duncan Graham she wrote more fully and freely: " I think you heartily for your kindness, and ¡Tarer I need assistance, or my boy wants a Mend, I will oom* to yon i but aot at CeeU Grama'e widow or in hi« name. I have DO right te any bat the one my parents gave me ; my boy shall be known by no other. ' Cecil he Khali be. He U none the leu Cecil Cfrssme's son that this cruel secret has come to light, and the same la as dear to me as any husband's name is to a loving wife. Believe me I am not proud. Were I ia need of help, I would take it of those who have so kmdly offered it, and feel that I was daine; what my dead Cecil would approve could be look down and see the act and ita motives ; bot I hare succeeded In my profession beyond my utmost expectations, and I mm at present above the need ot help. My health is almost ?omclently re-estabUsbed to admit ot my returning to the stage, and I hare several offers of good engagements in various parts of the world. I hope to be able to bring my boy np as a Castleman in the truest sense of the word-not an idle lounger {broach life, but a sensible, honest man, fit to face the world and be as good as his father waa. I ask nothing better for him Shan this. One thing I may ask at your bands when my child b old enough-advice as to his education. When I ask it, I am tua yon will help me. I don't believe a mother is always the test saide for an only son : she is too apt to let her feelings run away with har." " Help her 1" said Mr. Graham, when he read the letter. " Hang me, if I would'nt marry her to-mor- row if she'd haye me ! That's the woman to help a man through the world I Tou must have been tre- mendously mistaken in her, brother." " I think I was." " She's a woman of a thousand I That boyll never go wrong if she'» spared to him, I swear." Perhaps it was better that Hester did not go to that wedding. She would have been full of bitter memories, and they would have felt uncomfortable. Mary Ferguson, who came out of her retirement to be present, told Mona so in plain terms. "You would'nt have known what to do with her, my dear," she said. " We'll make acquaintance with her some day. Pll get her down to Langholm; her presence there will excite no comment." Kiss Ferguson lived in the bouse that was to have been her home had Allan lived to make her his wife. She did not affect any flxedretirement from the world, and she went about her bouse and among the poor people on the estate,, calmly cheerful and content ; but men who would have wooed and won her if the could, turned away from the sweet pale face, where grief had already set heavy lines, and the crown of honoured bair, which, ever since that fearful night in Edinburgh, had shown silver threads amongst its glossy locks, and told themselves that Mary Fergu- son's heart lay low in the churchyard vault with Allan, and that mortal love and earthly passion would ba felt no more. She stood by Mona's side, elad in simple gray and white (ehe would never wear colour« again), and saw the thick golden bair gleaming through the . folds of the veil which Mr. Grsme had given her for own wedding, and if a tear or two fell under berown .hading veil, it was with no tinge of envy. Allan to her was " not lost, but gone tief ore." She firmly believed in the comforting doctrine that friends%fll be reunited in heaven, and Allan, in all bis fresh young strength, was heir's in imagination «till. «Who giveth this woman to be married to this saan?' And Mr. Grame, with proud thankfulness, places liona's hand in Harry's, and the service proceeds. "For better for worse, for richer for poorer," and all the rest of the solemn words which tied man and woman together till death should separate them, and Harry and Mona turned away from the holy altar one flesh. As he clasps her in his arms, and lifts her yeil to kiss her rosy Ups, he vows to himself to be more to her than man ever was to woman - to cherish his darling as never wife was cherished before ; and bis passionate caress telle as though it would speak what is passing in his heart. But Mona hardly responded : she was as pale u death, and the ups be touched were cold as ice. She shook all over as with an sgne fit, till the rich folds of her robe shimmered and rustled in the dim light of the church like gleams of uiver. "What is it, darling P" he asked, for she seemed to be looking past him at some object in the crowded church-crowded was a mild term to use -«rammed to suffocation was the little place of worship. ' "Master Harry" was very popular about his father's home, and everyone who could get J9 had' aqneesed, into the church to see him maimed He thought something bad happened m the congregation to startle Mona, and he looked hastily round. The people were leaving the church, and he could see nothing remarkable, but Btill there was the fixed look upon her face *' Come, darling, he whispered, " they are waiting for IIB " But she did not move " What is the matter P Whom do you see P" " Cecil !" The sound came quite hoarsely from her white lips, she was evidently terrified and agitated past all control of herself "I saw Cecil," she repeated, " standing there by that pillar, looking at me ! Am I going to die Harry P" " It was fancy, dear, or a mistake," sud Harry, leading her away. Some one else's face bas taken the form of his to your mind's eye, that is all It was very natural " "It was Cecil's face he smiled at me He bas a seam on his forehead that he had not when I saw him last, but I knew him m a moment. What can such a eight portend P" That her vision had been a reality, or that the face she bad seen belonged to a living, human being never entered her head She waa sufficiently im bued with Highland superstition to have a tinge of belief in wraiths and warnings, and she believed she bad seen hei brother's wraith She could hardly Bign her name for the trembling of her hands, and she WSB scarcely reassured when the matter was explained by the beadle, who had taken upon him- self to find out what had frightened Mrs Graham, and who smirked and rubbed his hands so over the " Mrs " that Mona was fain to laugh with the rest. " He was a gentleman," he declared, " no fancy of the lady's. He bad both seen and spoken to him" "I thought so," Harry said, "some accidental m trader" But Mona shook her head " It was Cecil," she said-" our dead Cecil Nothing can make me think otherwise " " Do you know who the person was P " her bus band asked of the beadle ' Oh, yes, sir " "HowP" " Because I've seen him before." "Where?" " There, at the chu»ch." " Oh, then, he's a member of the congregation " I "No ; he's a stranger, but he's been mighty cunoua over this wedding. He's asked me a mort of ques- tions about it-when it was to be, and so on. Seems as though he'd made up his mind to be here." " What is his name ?" "His name's Johnson-leastwajs hu name isn't, but that's his master's name, he's a clerk, or some- thing. Arthur-stay, what was the other ? Merton -Martjn? No, that wasn't it-I have it-it was Mostyn. That's the name-Mr. Mostyn, he wanted to see an English wedding, he said, being from Amenca." But nothing could shake Mona's belief that Ehe bad seen ber brother, and Harry was glad to get her away on their tour, she was so agitated by her fancy. Her father was almost as bad, he had seen the per- son, but not the face distinctly, and worned himself so over the possibility of such a thing that his orother, to make sure, found out where Mr. Johnson was staying, and enquired. " I have found out your ghost," he wrote to Mona, "and can easily understand how your eyes must have misled you Arthur MoBtyn, the young man who entered the church might pass very well for a Grfeme. He has the complexion and eyes of the Graeme, but very dark hair, and has a sear as you describe it, across his forehead. He's a very material spirit. I can assure you, a mee fellow. However, jou'll see htm, I hope, when you call here on your way home. They're nice people, and I mean to make further acquaintance with them. Mr. Johnson, Mr. Mostyn's emplojer, is a pleasant gentlemanly man, and there's a pretty niece Arthur Mostyn is secre- tary ; he certainly M very like your father, but, as I said, you'll see tnem." But the fates were inauspicious-Arthur Mostyn had obtained a week's leave of absence when Mona and her husband called at Mousehole, and was gone, no one knew whither. 