FICTION. l(From Kngllib, American, and other Periodicals.) BEFORE TOD &TIDE.; BY gRATTOES ACTOIT. CHAPTEB XVI. MADELINE'S ÊTES ABE OPENED, PaasloD'pale, they met. And greeted ; bands in hands, and'eye to eye. So an the bonier of her coaoh they eat, Summering and staring. -lennyton. It might have been two minutes from the time of Mrs. Boehampton's leaving the room, it certainly was not more, wben Noel and his father-in-law, who had joined him at the window, beard ber utter a «tilled scream. "Ah, Noel 1 What is it 1" they heard her say, and then she screamed again, as though in deadly ter- ror. Be rustled out and met her eoming wildly to the houae,, and her husband caught bar in his arms just in time to prevent her falling. She did not faint, but burst into hysterical sobs and laughter, and they carried her in, and laid ber on the eora. " My darling, what is the matter ? " Noel asked, -when at length she grew calmer, and the hubbub, caused by her attack, was subsiding a little. " What has frightened you ?" "Ton." "Me?' "Tes." " But bow ? I have not left the room till I heard you »cream. What could I do to alarm you ?" " You never came away from that window ?" "Not a step." "No, that he didn't," said Mr. Cameron. "You bave fancied something, M addy. You are not quite .trong yet, and your nerves are weak." " I suppose so," she said, with a forced laugh. " I must have fancied I heard someone among the trees, that was all. I am very sorry to have made such a disturbance. Let us shut out the shadows, and have some supper." Mr.. Cameron,was hardly satisfied, nor was Noel, and they, in company with one or two gentlemen, went out and searched every ineh of ground in the garden without finding anything. Madeline tried to be as-gay as ever after her adventure, but it was a £oor attempt. She waa deathly pale, and her lips apt quivering as though ber agitation would over- come ber again, but she bore up bravely till the guests were gone. When she reached her own room, and not till then, she burst into passionate tears. Noel, who had gone up with her, sent her maid away, and besought her to tell him what ailed her. " What frightened you just now ?" he asked ; " it was mote than fancy, I am quite sure." " If was no fancy. Noel ; but I could not tell yon before all those people. I saw it, but it most have been a, ghost." " A ghost, my darling 1 I thought you did not be- lieve in their existence ?" " lîéver till now." " But whose ghost was it ?' Madeline laid her head on his breast, and clung to bim convulsively, g "Yours!" "Minni?. _ "Yes; your double-your wraith, as we say in Scotland. Oh, Noel» can you be going to die ?" " I hope not, Maddy," and he pressed her close that she might not see the sick terror in his face. " BuftélTme all the story, dear; it didn't take long happening." "No, only a minute; it waa just behind the big elm standing there, with the moonlight shining on ita face. I spoke, for I thought it was yourself, and then I remembered you could not bave got there, and I turned round. Tou were standing where I had left you, and ti where I saw it first. I saw you both at once, and then I suppose I screamed, and it vanished." - " My dear Maddy, you have invested some impu dentintruder with my shape-that's all." "No, Noel. This ring (and she touched the sapphire as she spoke), " was the first thing I saw, and the. fox's head the next. Everything, even to this sear" (touching his eyebrow as she spoke), "was as distinct as I see them now. What can it portend ?" " No harm to any of us, I hope, dear. If it was not fancy, depend upon it it was some trick. Go to bed and forget it-there's a dear !" But Madeline could cot sleep ; and, creeping to her husband's dressing room an hour afterwards, found him with his bead buried in his hands in deep thought. '. I'm sorry I told you," she said, laying her hand on his shoulder, " if it worries you so." " It does not worry me, Maddy. There are other things, which I cannot explain. Go to bed-there's a good girl-and leave me alone." Alas for Madeline ! The " little cloud " was gain- ing in size and blackness with every day of her life. But she had another subject for ber thoughts ere many days were past than her husband's wraith. Palpable as that apparition had been to ber, no trace of it could ever be found. No mark Of feet-no sign of human presence, save her own, in the garden that night-and she began to lay the circumstance to her own unstrung nerves. Her nerves were, indeed, thoroughly unstrung, and, possessed with the idea that Noel aid not love her boy as Bhe hoped he would, she grew moody and restless. In vam he tried to show hereby every means in his. power, that he loved her as much as ever ; she could not but see that the infant was, somehow or other, a painful subject to him, and she ceased to show hirn all the pretty things she bought for her child, or to apeak of him to his father. ^loel saw her drooping, and proposed a little trip to rouse her. "I am going to Edinburgh and Perth, next week," he said-" perhaps to Aberdeen. Would you like to come, too, and well make a tour of it ? You don't know much about the east coast, do you?" "No." "Ah, then, we'll go. Edinburgh first-we will begin there." "But what are you going for, Noel ? Sbant I be in the way, on a business journey ?" " Npt a bit, if you can make up your mind to leave that young shaver to his nurse and his bottles. He'll do very well. My business is not of the order that I need hurry over very much." " You haven't told me what it is, yet." "Haven't I! Well, if s to see some of the prin- cipal "banks, their appliances for security, and so forthr There have been so many robberies lately undetected, and ingeniously managed, that we have determined to see what can be done. Your father and I both think that our old-fashioned strong room'is rather insecure, and I am going to see the National and the British Linen Company's places in Edinburgh and Perth, and then the new place in Aberdeen- the North British. These are times to be' careful. We might wake and find ourselves ¿20,000 poorer jome morning if we didn't look out. The branch of Coutts* at Liverpool had a vis't paid them last week." "And much taken ?" " Not much that was available to the thieves-a few hundreds in notes and gold, and a lot of paper, difficult to replace, but of no use except to the owners." 0 .* Hush ! " Noel, what was that ?" Alow laugh, as it seemed, coming from under the window where they sat It overlooked the garden, and they bad been talking in their usual key, neither loud nor low. They paused and listened, but no other sound came up, and Noel went downstairs. No one was in the garden, and no one outside, except a lady, very elegantly dressed, leading a little girl just able to run by her aide. He returned, telling Madeline he thought they must have been mistaken. But the laugh had been very, real-the man who had laughed was lying full length along one of the flower beds, by the aide of the railings, completely hidden by the shrubs and leaves. He Jay as still as a hare in her form, till Noel's retreating footsteps told that he waa going away, and then he rose cautiously and looked about him. Then he got up softly, and pulling him- self up by the branches of a tree, became Stephen Carlyon alive and in the flesh, weaker and paler, if possible, than when he lay on his sick bed in the old house in London, " Ugh !" he said, as he dropped lightly down on ttrra firma outside the garden. " Once upon a time I could have flown over that like a bird; its different now.' "Now then; move on out of that," said the voice of a policeman behind him. " Whatwere you doing in that garden ?" .:j>o harm; I went up a/ter a little lame chap's cap, that some boys threw into that tree, that's all. They're off round the comer at more mischief by this time, Fll swear. Oh, don't look so suspicious ; I haven't been stealing anything. You can search me if you like, only mind, my coaf s tender." The policeman was puzzled-he hardly knew what to do, but the man was outside the garden; and, moreover, did not look like a thief, so he said no more, but bid bim " be off out of that," and went his way. "Edinburgh, Perth, Aberdeen," said Stephen Carlyon to himself, aa he, too, walked away. " That*g something to know. He must be away a week at least-and takes his wife with him. No one here but the old man, and a telegram will take him out of the road." The proposed trip came oft Noel and Madeline went to Edinburgh, taking up their quarters at the Boyal Hotel, and "doing" all there was to be seen with' keen interest. Noel had only been in the modem Athens once before; and Madeline, though a Glasgow lassie born and bred, had not paid "Alud Beakiar many visita. It wai vary pleasant to go to all the places of mark together-to wander through Holyrood, and sentimentalise over Queen Mary's romantic sins while gazing on the relics of the bitter time she spent among her faithful people, or to look from the Calton Hül over the splendid sweep of sea and land to be seen from thence. They thoroughly enjoyed themselves for two whole days, and then they met with an adventure Sitting on the Calton Hill, looking out over the Forth to the Kingdom of Fife, its hills all bathed with the golden glow of the descending sun, they were chatting m a desultory sort of Fashion over what they had seen and intended to see. Madeline s nervousness and restlessness had entirely left her under the influence of change and pleasure, and her cheeks and eyes were radiant once more with health and happiness. The side of the hill where they sat was very quiet, there was no one about, and Noel let his hand stray over his wife's fair curls, lifting them over his fin- gers, and letting the long raj s of the descending sun shine through them. "I suppose Burns's 'Lassie wi* the lint-white locks' had really this sort of colour," he said, laugh- ing' "Lint white is BO unpleasantly suggestive of beaten-out flax. Is that woman beckoning to me, I wonder?" A lady, very richly dreBsed, was coming up the slope of the hill with » little child by her side, signaling to some one. There WAS no one in sight, and she came up to within Bpeakmg distance of where they sat. She was very nchly dressed, in a trailing robe of purple silk and a white lace shawl Her bonnet matched her dress m colour, as did her gloves, and crowned a head of hair beside the rich gold of which Madeline's tresses paled to " almost white " Her attire was fanltless, and her hair and walk queenly m their haughty grace, and there was something incongruous in seeing her there alone with a little child. She was the sort of woman to whom a carriage and a whole tram of servants I would have seemed fitting attributes The child was simply but beautifully dressed m embroidered muslin, with blue ribbons, and wore a broad hat. There waa a frightened look m her large, wistful eyes, as the lady dragged her on " Where have j ou been ?" Bhe said, fiercely, as she came within a few paces of Noel and Madeline. " What foolery is this, and who is this woman ?" " My wife, madam," he replied, m a half banter- ing tone, " eince you wish to know What may you want with me ?" " Your wife ,." and the handsome face seemed lite- rally convulsed with some overwhelming agitation " So that's the baby-faced doll you flung away your heart upon, is it ? And you can turn from me to her}" She drew herself up, and her eyes blazed " Does she know this child, then 1" she asked pushing the little girl towards them, while Madeline clung to ber husband s harm in terror " But no, of course she doesnt Are you coming? You will have time to dally with j our wife after our business is de ne " " Is she mad s" Madeline whispered, with an un- comfortable feeling of having Been the woman's wild eyes before " I don't know, dear, don't be frightened, there is some mistake." "Do you know her ?" ' No, I never saw her before ?" He rose and went towards the woman "Youare mistaken, madam,' be said, "I have cot the honour of your acquaintance, nor has my wife" " Don't say that word again," she hissed sharply, " I have enough to bear ' A name he could not catch was called hastily at this moment from lower down the bill The woman looked towards tbe spot from whence the sound came, and then at him, and her face faded to a ghastly-white, with two red 6pots on it, showing she was rouged " Great Heaven '" she exclaimed, " What is this * Am I going mad 1" and then turning haughtily to him, though he could see she was trembling, she said, "I have been mistaken, sir, I beg you and your wife will pardon me " And taking the child up m her arms with a fierce swoop, that told of little love, she walked rapidly away, almost stumbling m her haste to reach the person who had called her "That the queerest start I ever knew," îioel said, as he rejoined hu wife "A Bedlamite let loose, I should think " " You are sure you don't know her, Noel?" " Don't be a little goose," he said, reading the dawn- ing jealousy m ber tone " I never Bet eyes on her before, and I hope I shan't again, that's all " But Madeline saw her again, and bitterly re- membered the sight Her husband left her for some two hours the next day, and, feeling tired of solitude, she went for a stroll Passing along George-street, on ber way back, she saw a carnage stop at a pnvate hotel, and m it the woman and child who bad so startled them the evening before The carnage was a well appointed turn-out and the lady*adre88wasncher,even,tbanonthepreeedingday The waiters came out with obsequious courtesy to attend to her, and Madeline's heart almost stood still as she recognised, m the cavalier who descended first and offered his hand, her husband, Noel Boehampton There could be no mistake He wore the gray tweed suit m which he had just parted from her She saw the glittering nug on his one ungloved hand, the sear upon his eyebrow, and she turned away with a Bick giddiness upon her, feeling as if the light were suddenly gone out of Heaven, and the joy and peace out of her life, for all time to come 