'' REMARKABLE WARNINGS.' The Rescue. Th'o "followlhg thrilling incidents are taken from tho work by Robert Dale Owen; entitled "Footfalls on the Boundary of Another; World." . , .L1 , ' Mr Robert Bruce was bdrn In Uumble-clr- cumetances abolit the cidsb df. thd ladt century , at Torbay, in the south of FiiigUhU, ana mere bred up, to .a seafaring lifb. When about 30 birs bfagiT hfl bdciiino first mate in a barque trading betwebh Livbrpool and St. Johns, N.B. On one of ber voyages bound westward, being then sobb five or six weeks out; and, having Beared, the eastern portion of the batiks of New foundland, the captain and mate having taken observations of tho sun; both descended to cal culate their day's work. The cabin was n small one; and immediately at tho steraof the vessel, while tlie, short stairway leading to it ran atiiwiift'ships. Immediately Opposite this stair way, just. beyond a small square landing, was the that Fa state-room ; And from that landing there were two doors, close to each other, the one opening aft into the cabin, the other front- ing the stairway into the state-room. The desk in the, state-room was in.the forward.part of it, closo to the door, so that, anyone sitting at it "and-loqking over his shoulder could see into the cabin; ' . , , ., , . The mate, absorbed in his calculation, had not noticed, the captain's motion,- but when he had co'iiipleted -his-figiireSj called out, without -look- ihg rriund'p-VT make our latitude and longitude so and so. VCari that be' right ? How is yours ? .Receiving ; no. reply, he repeated his question, glancing" over, his shoulder, and perceiving, as he tboiightj tbe captain busy writing on his slate. Still no answer; thereupon be rose, and as he fronted the cabin door the figure raised its head atid disclosed to the astonished mate the figure of- an entire stranger. \--Btucewas no coward, but us he met that fixed gaze .looking directly at him in grave silence, he became assured- it was lio.' one whom he had ever seen-before, and it was too much for hiih. He instantly/rushed on deck in such .evident alarm as to attract/. the... attention, of the captain. "Why,Mr. Bruce," said tho flatter, ." what in ihe /-world ;is .tHe . matter with ,yUu 1" " The matter, sir 1 Who is at your desk 1" " No one tlratTkbbw;of:""Biit tKereis," sir ; there's a stranger there;. /, He was sitting in your arm chair, writing 'on your slate I saw his face pjai.nly and .distinctly." ; You must be going crazy; 'Mr Bfu'ce. ,1 A stranger 1 and we nearly flix_w.eoks.Ou£'_Cdme," come, man ;-go down, at onoe,and don't make, a fool of yourself before the " I hbp'o,' alb,' ybuVe always found me "willing to' rdo'fj what's ' reasonable, Bruce' : roplied, dHahgih£'cdlburj but If it's'ajl llib satiie to you; sif,-'Td'' rather ' we 'sfiddld J both go down' to-" gother." .. .. The .captain descehded the stairs, and the mate foilowed liini. '" Nobody iti the cabinfl .. They examined ,thqstato.rooms. Not a.sonl to be fbunclluo ?»';Weli, filr;Brucej".aaid the captain, " did:not-I tell-yon you had . been droaming ?" " It's all very welhto say; soAir; but if I didn't seethat man writing on. your slate may I never sfiefmy bouse and family again." ' " Ah ! writing on the slate ! ..-.Then- it.ahould be there still." And the captain; took it up. " By God," he ex claimed, " here'saome. thing, sure enough! Is that your writing Mr. Bruce ?" \- Tlfa mate, took,, the slate, and there, in plain legible, "characters, ;Stqod. the words,. Steer. to TM ioR'WEsr.";'..; " Have ...you ; beeu trifling )vithr..-,me, Birl'J' iadded;. tho captain in a stern manner.'.-::." On' my word asa man and' a sailor, sir," replied Bruco, "I know no more of this pifitterthanyoudo." The oaptain sat down at hi8 'dSsk, 'th'e slatb' befbro him; in deep thought. fqWnrtis-ljruCB71fQ"TJ!ficIr,\Y rite down rSteer" tq tho N;or', \est.' " The ' mate complied, and tiieCapfaih compared the two handwritings. The second mate, steward, and all the crew were called, down, .and each iu succession wroto the words, but not one of them in any degree re sembled the, mysterious writing.' Orders were given- to, search the ship ; . every nook and corner was examined;- but not a: living soul could be fonnd.beyond the crew and officers. Returning tenth's cabin after' their fruitless seirchj' " Mr Bruce," said the captain, " what the devil do you make of all'lhisT' ' Can't ' tell, sir ; J saw the mar'write "; _you see the writing. There must be something in it." '" Woil, we'll see ; go on deck! atid. give .the course Nor'' west, and Mr Bruce have a good lo.ok-outaloft, and-let it be a hdtid y'oli cafi depend on," 1 ' The.prdera.wdre obeyed, : About 3,.o'clock the lo'qkj-bufc reported an iceberg nearly ahead, and, slforUyaflfer, what ; be thought was a vessel of sqme.kiudolose to .it; J As they,, approached, the captainls giass disclosed. the;.fuet that: it'! was a dismahtled(ship,v apparently ' frozen I in the ice, and!; with s-a :gdod- many human beings on it. Shortly' after; they;', hove! to -and sent out the boats1' td. 'the' rolief df tlie sufferers'; They proved to be a vessel front Quebec, bound to Liverpool, with, passengers oil board ; had .got entangled in tlid iceahdhnally frozen fast, and had passed aeverdl weeks in a mOBt critical situation. She was stove,. her .decks, swept,— in fact, a, mere wreck';'" 'all'h'er "provisions and almost ail her water gone; - Her drew and passengers bad loBt all hopes of being saved; find their gratitude for the'|inexpected 'rescuo was proportionally great. Ab one 6f'the':meii who hnd been brought away in 'the:third.b'qat was ascending the ship's side, tfid' mate,', catching a glimpse of his face, started back, in. consternation. It was the very face he had seen' three. or four hours before looking up at him from tho captaiu's desk, and not only the face, but the person and drees corresponded. As soon as the exhausted crew and famished -pas sengers were cared. for, and tlie barque on her course, again; the mate called the captain aside. "'Ita'perns that'ivas hot a ghost I Baw to-day, sir";' the man's" alive;" "'What do you niean ? Who's ali vo.1 , " Why, Bir, one of the passengers we'liave jns't'aaved is the man I saw writing on yo-ur,8late.at.aoou. — I would swear it in a court of justice.-" ; The enptain of the rescued ship and the pasiengqr were called, wiieii, after Bome con- veraatidii,"ili0 cnptnin of tlio barque, turning to the passenger, requested hith to write a few words oh the slate. The shite was handed him, with that-Bide up on which the mysterious writ ing 'was not, when he remarked, "I will do any thing you ask, -.but what shall I write ?" Sup-, pose you write " Steer to tlio nor' west." This was-dbne. ; ;Tlie enptain took up tho Blate and examined it closely ; then, stepping aside so as tocoriceal tho elnte from . tlie passenger, he turued it over and gave it to liiiia with the other BiihiupV -: - " You 'day'; that; is , your hand-writing," said lie. I'T'heqd nolr' say so," ' replied the other, lobUirig' a t It; "fiir'ybii saw mo write it." "And thlsv?''-;sHid; ;'thq captain, turning the slate over. lite man. .looked at one writing, then at the other;C'quile; confounded. At last lie . said, " Wha' ,is :the meaning of this P I wrote one; wjiwrqtej ithe s other 1" " Thai's more than I can tell you, air. My mate here says you wrote it, pitting ,at' -this deBlc, at noon to-day." The captain— of - the" wreck and the passeiiger looked at. eaoh. other. After a pause, the captain told his reouers that at 110011 the passenger fell into n heavy sleep, or what seemed to be such and that ,011 nwakoniiig be exclaimed, " We shall be relieved ; this very day," and then went on to describo a ship tbon coming towards them, which description tallied exactly. "As it has turned out," be remarked, " I cannot doubt that it >:was all arranged, in some incomprehensible way,., by ail overruling Providenco, so that wo might be Baved. To Him be all thanks for His goodness to us," 