ON TIHE RANICK. [BY OA5uY.] Some considerate friend, signing him self " Health," lies addressed the follow ing lettor to 1mo:-" Are you aware that the ' Hospital washing"' is draiwn throughl the streets by prisonors to the 'wwashing depot ' Is not this suflieiont to create a postilencoe in hot weather, or in fact at any time, as the odour from the bed clothing, of diseased people cannot be healthy ' Although 1 do profess to know a little about horseology, I must confess that I know next to nothing about pathology, or, as I suppose this case must be called, streotology. Our wise Government, though, in their insane idea of retreonoh mont, have evidently not soon the matter ill tile same light as "Health ;" for it is ovident that if any harm came from the dirty clothes, the prisoners would be tile first to got the benefit of it, and in that case the Governmenlt would Iave to doctor them and in case of death would have to bury them. ' Were free Inbor o5t ployed this exponce would be saved, and the Government would have the credit of circulating a little more of our money. However, I suppose the clothes must he washed, and if MLr " Health " can devise means to get tllem from the Hospital to the washing depot -without conveying them llthroughl the streets, I have n doubt, on his comunmicating with the Hospital authorities, his scheme will be thankfully received. If 1he can't devise a schleme I hope he will not say any thing more about the matter, because my nerves are none of. the best, and it's not very consoling to me who is on tile streets all day to be told that there is a probability of such things' ar pestilences' knocking about. The inlhabitIlts of the other colonies are remarkably sharp people. Although they take every opportunlity to cry down poor little Tasmanis, yet at the same time they try to take advantage of every point of excellence she may possess. Thus it has become a regular thing for Victorians to come over here on the" look- out for wives, and in many cases our gentlemen stand not tile ghost of a chance with them. Our jam too (stopping from the sublime to the ridiculous) is counterfeited by them, and it is said that if you buy so-called Tasmanian raspberry jam in Melbourne, you discover that there is about one raspberry to every pound, of jan, tile balance being made utp of pump kin, Swede turnlip, rotten figs, or some other rubbish. For some time past we have lhad a good name for our horses in the colonial market, and our.sharp neigh bore are taking advantage of this. At Adelaide the other day a sale of Tasma nian mares was hold, at which a number of mares were sold whosoe sires never oven sniffed 'Tasmanian air. How they could be sires to Tasmanian stock I can't ex plain, but their progeny were sold as having come from Tasmania, and in con sequence realised very good prices. I think our jam makers and our horse brooeeders should look to this matter, and see if itcan't be stopped. I don't know whether they try to get rid of their ladies by representing then as coming from Tasmania, but 'if they would do it with such things as jam and horses, why should they not do tile same with the ladies I Our new Governmentaro evidently try ing tile New Zealand dodge of making the prisoners support themselves, but as they are much more clever than their Now Zealand prototypes, they have commenced in a different way. Somne prisoners having to be convoyed by the coach to Launceston wore supplied with raw meat and raw potatoes to eat on the journey ! And a capital idea, too. jigs can eat raw potatoes, and grow fat on them, tyo, and Swhat is to preve prevelt prisonrsa from doing the sanme. Certainly they might be a little indigestible, hilbut if you nmake a prisoner's life too easy he would always be getting into gaol I I see the Council are already going in for extras at the Pavilion in the Uardens. More glass is to be added to the building at a cost of £22 10s. That's tile way the money goes. A few lmeetings ago an ac count was passed of some £17 for the pay lmoent of soeine trees that liad beeon placed on the Windmill Hill. When will our Aldermen learn wisdom I When will they learnl that it is wrong to spend money on luxuries, while so many necessary works are required 1 Many petitioners for necessary works have boon informed that although the Council recognised the ne cessity, tile state of the funds would not admit of any money being spent oin those necessities; and yet in the face of this, money is actually frittered away for things which are very nice when you can offord to pily for thorn,but which are totally un necessary, and are of beonefit to only a few. 