THE OPERA. After a long interregnum of unusual ilulness in theatrical amusements a more hopeful era commenced on Monday 'with the opening ot the opera season, whose annual recurrences has now become an established institution among us. The merits of the present company are well know, and though we miss some of its mem: bora wlm +..ir-W si. Timminent share in the per^ formances of forme.)* seasons, and .though the directors have not secured the services of .Signor Susini tor the company, there still remains a suffi cient number of artists to form an effective corps. The opera announced for performance on Monday, the opening night, was ' Un Ballo in Maschera,' one of Verdi's most popular works, but in consequence of the severe mils position of Signor Rosnati it became necessary to 'withdraw it, and Lucia di Lamcrrnoor, which was . to have been presented on Tuesday, was substituted. The manner in. which this beauti ful opera was performed by the same cast last season was so excellent, chiefly owing to the . peculiarly charming impersonation of the heroine by Signora Coy, that it took its place as one of the most successful operas in the company's repertoire, and if the performance on Monday was scarcely equal to what we heard before it was owing to circumstances quite exceptional. The artists literally stepped from the deck of the Melbourne steamer to the stage of the theatre ;' and, although scarcely in a condition to appear before the public without the iepose which so delicate organ as the voice requires it was deter mined that the season should commence the same night rather than faith should be broken with the subscribers and the public. . , . , It ' is not surprising that Signora Coy! ' betrayed'' synip-. toms of lassitude, impairing,' ' to some extent,, the sympathetic quality of ' her voice, and occasionally, the correctness of. her. intonation. She nevertheless went bravely through the ordeal, evidently improving as she warmed up to the part, so much so that the ?' mad scene,' the most trying portion of the opera, was, in every respect the most satisfactorily rendered-.; Signor (Joy, though not posssessing, sufficient volume of voice or breadth of style for the part of Edgardo, imperfections, particularly 'remark- able in the malediction scene.is always scrupu lously correct in his vocalization^ ,and cpiir cientious in his adherence to the .text, and Signora Coy and. himself sing so»well together that they are always most acceptable. . The :' merits 6i Signor Coliva, however, as Enrico, were more than sufficient, to redeem any slight shortcomings ; this artist , so completely identifies himself with the character he takes that is is impossible to resist being 'carried away by the earnestness which it is' evident he is, imbued with, himself. The part of Raimondo, which though subordinate, fills up wonderfully , in the concerted pieces, was undertaken, as on. former occasions, by Signor Dotidi. A rehear- j sal would have been desirable for the choru'Sj ; which was scarcely up to the mark in . several ; places, and more -particularly in; the finale to \ the second act. On Tuesday, Signor Rosnati being still to ill too appear, Macbeth, was pro duced, with Signor Coliva and Signora Zenoni in the principal characters- o This opera, although it aims at a higher and more original j style of composition, than any other of Verdi's operas with which we are acquainted, and con tains without doubt, some of his most effective writing, does not appear to be popular in Sydney, possibly, because it suggests too close a comparison with the tragedy of the great dramatist, to whose sub lime conceptions no musical setting can do justice— possibly also because there is no lead ing tenor part, which is considered an indispen sable ingredient in modern opera. Macbeth is nevertheless an extraordinary work, giving evidence throughout of great abi{°% on the part of its composers, and the instrumentation is wonderfully characteristic and effective. It is by no means surprising that on the continent of Europe (Germany excepted) where the works of Shakspeare are comparatively unknown, it should have attained so great a reputation. The part of Macbeth is one which demands qualities of a high order, both as an actor and singer on the part of its representative ; he scarcely quits the stage from the first rising of the curtain until the rinal catastrophe, but in spite of the tax upon his artistic capabilities as well as his physical energiesthe entire perform ance of Signor Coliva vocally and histrionically was one of the finest we hrtve seen for a long time. Signora Zenoni also, although not so con stantly before the audience, was equally acceptable ; many portions of her performance might be selected as worthy of special remark, but we would direct attention to^he sleep walking scene which was the more worthy of notice because the artist' both in her acting and j singing was quiet and subdued, and was not.' tempted to ' ' overstep the modesty of nature. ' Malcolm and Banquo have little to do, but they were exceedingly well represented by Signori ' Coy and Dondi respectively, whose assistance was of great value in the concerted musie. Signor Rosnati appeared for the .first time this : season on Weduesday, and 'although it was' evident that he had not completely recovered from his recent illness his magnificent voice was heard to great advantage. The opera chosen was Lucrezia Borgia, in which Signora Zenoni Madame Lucy Chambers, Signori Rosnati and Dondi attained the chief characters. The per- ; ibrmance vvas a fine one throughout, particti- \ liirly the second act in- which Signora Zenoni, I Signor Rosnati and Signor .Dondi sang their best and received warm and well merited applause. This opera is so well known to all lovers of music, and has been so frequently performed' by the present company, that it is unnecessary to make more special reference to its performance. .*.?'.... We have only space to allude briefly to the first performance of ;i 1 Puritani,' which took place on Thursday last. In a. musical sense, it was tho greatest success as yet of the present season : and we can only congratulate Signora Coy, and her supporters— Signori Coy, Coliva, and Dondi — upon the admirable, manner in which they rendered the delicious music of this most beautiful opera. The orchestra and cho rus are also entitled, to their full share of credit. Signor Rosnati was announced to appear In the '???? Ballo ih'Masehefa' on Friday, together with Signon? Zenoni and. Coy, -and Signori Coliva and Douili. ? Prosecution for. Alleged Libel. — ; The Herald of last week contains the subjoined' reoort of the criminal prosecution foi* libel com menced by the City Health Officer, against Mrs. Ann - 'asey. In our advertisement columns a notice, which was was previously published, appears, showing the ground on which the alleged libellous statements were made : ? Ami Casey appeared before the cOurfc on summons, charged by George Frederick Dansey with having written and published the following libel: — 'Wentworth House, Sydney, August 22\. To his Worship the Mayor. Sir,— Per ;- haps the appended correspondence may liave escaped your observation. It will show. ,your worship what a victim 1 have been, and how, persecuted ] have been by these throe men. [ The men Seyn,our and Wa-kins I am not jsur-: prised at ; but the man Dansey, who calls him self a doctor, going into the witness- box ;and swearing what he knew in his soul to be false. [Meaning thereby that the complainant ,,had committed wilful and corrupt perjury.] The per sons whose name are appended arc most vnhing to cpaie forward as witnesses .when 1, prosecute these^ three men for perjury, which [; most .certainly. will do as soon as two of. the*.\vitiicsS4S who are absent from the, colony return I will ' shpw them that I am nod 'the? one for them, to single put and vent their spleen, upon. T swore that oil 'the, 3rd -June my' yard was quite clonn and this trio swore that'u. was in a most' disgust ing state of filth, ''&c; Xow; either they or J 'must have been guilty of 'gross andmalicious'per jury— and if it should cost me 1300 I shall never stand before the world.as a perj uror. M y reputa tion is far dearer, to me than iife. I have been twenty-one years in Sydney, and so much as a falsehood has never been imputed to me. I have the honour to be, your worship's very humble servant, A. Casky'. '' „ r, Charles 'H. Woolcotb deposed : The letter produced was received by ' the mayor, and read 'Joy-mo to him in my olficial capacity; the writing in the letter was identi fied by William Goggin, a clerk in the Union ' Bank, and Charles Line, accountant of the City Council. George Frederick Dansey deposed' : I liold-the office of Health Oiliccr of' the city of ' Sydney ; the defendant before the court 'is the ' person! complain of ; she resides at AVentworth , House, from which place [the letter produced is dated on the 22nd August f; it was my duty, as City Health Officer, to give evidence in a case ' against defendant ; Messrs. Seymour and Wat kins. also gave evidence ; L have no doubt that J \ am the person referred to in the letter ; there is no truth in the statement that 1. swore what in my soiil I knew Lo be false : all my evidence given pu,tliat occasion was perfectly true ; Mrs. Casey was fined for not keeping her premises clean. ( Mr.; Gannon, who appeared for the defendant, submitted that the information .should bo clis- ' missed as the letter was a privileged communica- i tibn. Mr. Windeyer replied, and contended that the -„ letter was without doubt a malicious libel. , The bench,. committed defennant to take her trial at the next court sittings of the Crimi nal 'Court, to be held on the 10th 'November. Bail allowed, two sureties in £40 each. Acquittal. — Mr. D-^ Courcy Brown was on ' Thursday acquitted of a charge of embezzling the funds of the Oulgong hospital on a point of law. The Chief .Justice. — Public banquets to the Chief Justice are projected at Goulburn and Wagga Wagga. Deputation. — A deputation of mayors of suburban and country municipalities waited on the Colonial Secretary on Tuesday, the 12th , instant, to bring before his notibejthe- present condition of their municipalities. Briefly their; requests amounted to this : That the muni- \ cipalities should receive a continuous Goyer:. ment endowment of pound to pound. Mr. Parkes promised to 'consider the matter. Boy Lost at tpi is Trinity School Picnic. ? — On. the occasion of the Trinity School Picnic, which took place at Pearl Bay on Thursday, the 11th instant, a chill named John Baker, aged ten years, strayed away from the picnic ground and remained in the bush all night. It appears that the picnic was to have been held at Bal moral, but the steamer after landing a portion of the children there was 'compelled/b wing to the heavy swell, to cast off her lines and go round to Pearl Bay with the remainder. «ffhe. children, landed at Balmoral started to walk to Pearl Bay, and severel lost their way iuki were not found until one o'clock. The anxiety of the parents of these children may well be imagined, and when the boy Baker's father, who was not present at the picnic, heard on the arrival of the sfcoamer in Sydney that his boy had been left behind, he immediately reported the circumstance to senior sergeant Ferris of the water .police, who dis patched a boat'scrtjw t - search the locality. The child was, however, found on Jb'riday morn ing by two gentlemen named Messrs. Hook and Lumsdaine, who had missed the steamer at Manly Beach, and wore coining ove-.land to Sydney. The brave little fellow, when dis covered, was sitting on a. rock near Quaker's Hat Point. The gentlemen who found him gave him something to eat and then took him to the water police station, and he was .shortly after wards lestoredto his anxious parents. Sydney Hunt Club Eauiss. ? — The spring meeting of tnc Sydney Hunt Club came oil' at Hand wick, on Saturday last. The wea ther was beautifully fine, the raying (.?xuellent, but the attendance was smaller than usual. The first rac, the Handicap Hurdle I {ace, a sweepstakes of five sovereigns each, with fifty sovereigns added, was won by J. \V. West's Paladore, who both ran and jumped well. Barfc lett's Morris and Htiines's Labloi.du were second and third. Glennisl.er's -~» alter Grey, whn was first favourite, fell at tho first hurdle, and was, of course, out of the race. The second race : The Hunt Club Cup, :i gold cup valued ah lifty si vdreu-us, with aswoepstnfcos of live sovereigns each added, was won by Want's Sir Watkin, with Monk and The Dean second and third. The third race : The Ladies' Owy, a gold cup valued at thir y sovereigns, with a .sweeps-takes of three sovereigns each added, Avas won easily by Mr. Allright's Excelsior! For the Great Metro politan Steeple Chase, a handicap sweeepstakes of toil sovereigns each. Avitli loO sovereigns added, seven horses started. It was won by; ( ;-oysler\s Prodigious, with Bone's Prior and Gkn nister's Tnimpoter second and third. The Corin thian Hurdle Kace was a. walk over to Glennis ter's G;iffer Grey. The Kandwick Hurdle Race, a handicap sweepstakes of three sove» reigns each, withthiity sovereigns added; was wou by Wcs£sJJ;.i1;k1oi-«3, .Gaffer Grey and La Blonde being seeouu and thTnC The Flying Handicap, ,.u, .swOupstakqs pi four sovereigns, with -torty. 'sovereigns -! added, won easily by Hard ing's Atalaiite, concluded the da/s sport.' Sticivinu Ul\— Twi iiiwlivaii»fra stuck up. constable Warren ln»6ween .'Iliiinblo and Millie; and took his-liorse and revolver.,' Heavy Damages^--- A.t tin- District Jourt held on Tuesday last at Oooina, in the V^ f»f n Captain Jlatlyc a^iiust Hjuuy. ividL .Spring; jn-opricto'ra of \x,1\q, M\t,,d -i Ma-car jj iJr liu'el',' the 'jury gave plaintiff 'i'GO damage's.' ' , ' , ' Ts it I?'— -Mr. William EWter has been making almo t' daily1 references '.o the .'Kiauui Ghost' Jately, and to tho disgraceful Treason' Polony Ac\ Sir James Martin has beuLiudrawn out, to make a personal explanation in' i lie mat or. ';{ind ]to .take 'his share of the responsibility both for the law and the manner of; theO'Karrel. rial— which, indeed, seems no small share. x. Mr J^or-ster ; alluded to the silence of the ' craven press '' a . the unhatijiiy time ; ami the, Sydney Mornuiy Herald, t thinking'the cap fitted it, came out with'' the following, defence on Saturday last,: — '* We 'expressed, 'it says, *' without | any .sort' of Reserve, ,a-. the proper time, our opinion on the'Kiama blunder But what public object is there 'in recurring to that affair except to wound. ' The ''cravou press.' had nothing +;o do with the animobities or coer cive laws' connected' with '.the '.case of O'Farrell.' The [Herald pretends to1 believe that the proper time to speak always is «wheri the harm is done, and when toe natural reaction against excess has sot in. , The Atalante. — This fiue French war vessel, which has been, in.. -the port for a con siderable time, pas;-, ^ind whose officers have made so many friends 'licre,' too.v her depar.tu.re o'n Wednesday last. ' , ] ' . Public Buildings.— A magnificent range] of public 'building's' for the acconi modation of the Colonial Secretary,' the Council of Education, 'and the Minister, for Works, including that of ihe Colonial Archi tect, are about to be erected at Bridge-street, at the corner of Macquarie-street, opposite th« Treasury. ; Accident enow Lightning. — On Wed nesday the lOlh instant, a man named Thomas Bartlett was driving to the Turnip {Station, with two horses, when the horse he was riding waa struck dead by lightning, while tlfts rider was uninjured. The Mayor oi/ Paruamatta. — In the Supreme Court, on Friday last, an action was brovght by some of the ratepayers to oust Mr. Hugh Taylor, .T.I'., M.L.A., from his position of Mayor of Parramatta. Sir James Martin antl Mr. Darley, instructed by Messrs. Bow den and Allen, appeared for tho ratepayers ; and Mr. Salomans, instructed by Messrs. Curtis and Ganuon, for Mr. Taylor. Their Honors, with out calling Upon Mr. Salomans to reply unani mously held that Mr. Taylor's elecdon was perfectly valid, and discharged the rule witb. costs. When the f esitlt of the case was mad« known in Prrrnniatta (says a correspondent), the greatest excitement prevailed — bonfires, and fireworks announcing. the nevs that the; Municipal Borough was atill in existance, with Mr. Hu^h Taylor at its head. THE PUBLIC CHARITIES COMMISSION. — The first report of the Public Charities Com- mission, just published, has reference only to the Sydney Infirmary and its management. It seems to be a document that does not express much — temporising and weak We trust the evidence on which it is based is of a more deci- ded and satisfactory character. The report is outspoken in regard to Miss Osburn, whose management is highly commended ; it is adverse to the manager and the institution itself, but it is not outspoken in its censure. Death in the Turkish Baths. — Mr. Patrick G alien, proprietor of the Harp of Evht E'otol, Gulgong, died suddenly in the Turkish Baths, Bligh-street, on Thursday afternoon. After having taken a bath lie fell down suddenly and expired. Fatal Accident. — A. carrier, named' Toft-, was killed at Stain horpc, on the Stb. instant-, by his dray passing over him. ? New Trial. — A new trial was granted on Monday iu the cause, Alleyne v. Fitzgerald and another. It was made a condition that thw cost of the first trial, and of the new trial mo tion be paid .within seven days after taxation, otherwise the verdict to remain undisturbed. Their Hoik 3 declined to comment upon ? tho merits of either party's case, but granted th« indulgence of :i new trial to allow defendants ta clear up the question of fraud. With regard tn- an application on the park of defendants tt» withdraw their plea of ' never indebted,' thenr Honors decided, by majority, that the case must go before tho next jury with pleadings ou record. The Ditorcb Court.— For the Novem ber sittings of this court, six cases are already set down Tor trial. 