A BUSHRANGER SHOT DEAD FURTHER PARTICULARS. (From the Maitland Mercury) INTELLIGENCE reached Maitland on Sunday afternoon that a bushranger had been shot dead by the police near Muswellbrook on the previous day, and the report has since proved to have been correct. The deceased is a man named John Johnston, who has lately served nine out of twelve years' imprisonment in Parramatta gaol for horse-stealing and is supposed to be identical with the person who has committed several depredations in the district lately. lt will be remembered that about a month ago a warrant was issued for a man on a charge of horse stealing at Single- ton, and a few nights afterwards a man answering the description of the person wanted was accosted on the Long Bridge, West Maitland, by constable Bowden who, however, was unable to arrest him, being threat- ened to be shot if he attempted an arrest. The next that was heard of the marauder was about the 24th of July last, when he stuck up a boy named Willard at Camberwell, and took a horse, saddle, and bridle from him. The next depredation committed (by the same party, it was supposed) was the sticking up of the Rev. Father Finn, Roman Catholic priest, of Murrurundi, on Sun- day, the 27th July. The miscreant robbed the gentleman of his horse, saddle, and bridle, and a purse, containing seven sovereigns. This occurred at War- land's Range, about six miles from Murruruudi, and close to Clark's monument. Two days after the horse was recovered, minus saddle and bridle by constable Egan, of Muswellbrook. Nothing more was heard of the bushranger til last Saturday, when mounted- trooper Sweeney, sergeant Thompson, of Muswellbrook, and constable Rutherford having got some information of his whereabouts started in pursuit. lt appears that Johnston, since the sticking-up of the Rev. Father Finn, had been engaged ploughing for a free-selector named Donovan, at Sandy Gully, near Wybong, about 20 miles from Muswellbrook. He had finished ploughing, and the police got informa- tion that he was at a house at Double Gully, not far from Sandy Gully. This hut, it seems, was owned by a man named Jacob Donovan, a mate of Johnstons, and at present undergoing a sentonce of five years in Parramatta gaol. When the police arrived within fifty or sixty yards of the hut they saw a horse with a saddle and bridle on. This was about six o'clock in the even ing. On approaching the house, a man, who afterwards proved to be Johnston, came out. He had on a dark coat, black felt hat, with a white turban, and wore leggings. Sweeney recognised him as Johnston, and jumping off his horse, followed him into the house, and called out to him, " John ston,come out like a man and surrender; Sweeney's outside." Sergeant Thompson called out to look to the front door. Rutherford went to the front door, and Sweeney to the end of the house. Sweeney then saw Johnston running away, across the paddocks, marching in the direction of the mountain. Johnston had by this time got some five or six hundred yards away. Sweeney fired at him with a Colt's revolver, to induce him to surrender. Johnston merely turned round as if he was goi'ug to fire in return (having been known to have had fire arms in his possession), but after- ward continued running on again, making for the mountain at the other side of the paddock. Sergeant Thompson called out to follow him, and Sweeney got on his horse, and rode after him. Sweeney called out to him again. "Johnston, surrender ; if you don't I'll shoot you. You know me woll, I'm Sweeney." Johnston looked round, but again ran on. Sweeney covered the lower part of Johnston's body with his revolvor, and fired, at a distance of 133 yards. Johnston fell, but got up on his feet again, then staggered, and fell. Sergeant Thompson was the first to come up to him, and when he came and lifted him up, Johnston could scarcely speak. The unfortunate man merely said ''I'm sorry." These wese the only words he spoke. He was carried back into the house, but died in less than a quarter of an hour. Sergeant Thompson at once went for medical assistance to Muswellbrook. Dr. De Leon arrived about twelve o'clock at night, bnt life was extinct. The ball had entered his thigh, and passed into the abdomen. The body was afterwards conveyed to Muswellbrook to await an inquest. Yesterday constable Bowden proceeded to Muswell- brook for the purpose of identifying the deceased, as the person whom he had accosted ou the Long Bridge, but the face was swollen and very much disfigured. The boy Willard, however, distinctly, recognised the body as that of the man who stuck him up at Camber- well. On Sunday morning sergeant Thompson proceeded in company with Messrs, F. W. Thrum and J. F. Doyle, J.P's. to the place where the man was shot, and ex- amined the spot. Johnston was a native of London, and was forty- four years of age. He arrived in the colony in the ship Orpheus in the year 1863. He was a seaman by pro- fession. His height was 5 feet 7 inches ; he had dark brown hair, hazel eyes, and a large nose, with a con- spicuous bump upon it. It is a somewhat singular circumstance that Johnston was arrested by constable Sweeney, over nine years ago. when he was convicted for cattle stealing, and sentenced to twelve year's imprisonment. The body of the unfortunate man lay in a stable at the rear of the court house, Muswellbrook, from Sun- day till Tuesday afternoon, when it was removed in a coffin, and interred in the Church of England burial- ground. There had been a violent thunderstorm on Saturday night, with vivid flashes of lightning and to this circumstance was ascribed the advanced state of decomposition that had set in. The features were fear- fully swollen and disfigured, so much so that it was almost impossible to recognise them as belonging to the man Johnson, who a short time ago was in the full enjoyment of health and life; but, as will be seen from the testimony adduced at the inquest, and given below, his identity was established beyond question; and it will also be seen that there can now be no doubt that he was the same individual upon whom suspicion rested as having committed the series of depredations with which our readers are already acquainted. Mr. T. W. Pearse, coroner, proceeded to Muswell brook by first train on Tuesday morning, and held an inquest in the court-house on the body. Mr. Superintendent Morisset was present and con- ducted the examination of the witnesses. The coroner and jurymen having viewed the body, the following evidence was taken :- George Thompson deposed : I am sergeant in the police force of New South Wales, stationed at Mus- wellbrook. I have seen a dead body within the precincts of the court which I have recognised as that of John Johnston. I am aware that a warrant was issued for his apprehension, which I produce. I knew Johnston ten years ago. The body of tho man I allude to is that of the man for whose apprehension a warrant had been issued. In consequence of information I had received, I went to Wybong Creek, in company with mounted trooper Sweeney. We were joined by constable Rutherford and proceeded to Wybong Creek, where Johnston was supposed to be. We then went to Sandy Creek, to the residence of a man named Donnewald, and on arriving there I cautioned the others to be very care- ful, as Johnston was supposed to have firearms in his possession. On our arrival there we found that Johnston had left about half an hour before, and gone to a place called Double Gully, about four miles distant. When we arrived at Double Gully, we saw a horse with a saddle and bridle on, tied up to a fence near a house. This house is situated in a gully at the foot of a hill. If we had 'followed the road straight up to the house Johnston could have seen us coming, and I therefore ordered the men to dismount and tie their horses up. This was about sixty or seventy yards from the house. We then ran up to the house, and constable Rutherford called out. "man.' man." I then saw Johnston running away across the cultivation paddock. Behind this paddock is a high steep mountain, towards which Johnston was making. Rutherford called out "Surrender, Johnston, and throw up your hands". We knew he had had fire arms. Rutherford fired, but Johnston still kept run- ning on, and we were running after him. Constable Rutherford fired three or four shots after Johnston. Johnston jumped into the cultivation paddock, running towards the mountain. Sweeney turned back to get the horses and a young man named Brackenreg rode up to me. I took his horse from him and rode up the paddock, with the intention of heading Johnston back. When Johnston saw this he came running towards me. He was about eighty or ninety yards from me at the time. I jumped off the horse and ran towards him, calling on him several times to surrender. He then turned back from me and ran in the direction of the mountain. Another shot was then fired, and I extended. He jumped up again, and made one step forward. At this time I was about twenty yards from him, and running towards him. He again fell with his knees and elbows resting on the ground. By this time I had come up to within five yards of him. He was leaning on his left elbow and knee, and was fumbling about his side with his right hand, as if searching about for a revolver. I said to him, " Johnston, if you attempt to move your hands I'll fire." He lifted up his head, looked at me for a moment, and said, " Thomp- son, I'm sorry." These were the last words he spoke. We examined his body, and found a bullet mark on his right hip, but there was no blood on him. We then carried him to the hut. I cannot swear he was alive when we took him to the hut. I produce a portrait of the deceased, which was taken in Parramatta gaol. It answered to Johnston's description in every respect. I left immediatley for a doctor. I had seen in the Police Gazette that two horses were stolen from Mr. Dangar's on the 17th July last ; that on tho 20th July Johnston had presented a revolver at constable Bowden at West Mait- land ; that on the 29th July he stuck-up the Rev. Patrick Finn, and robbed him of a horse and saddle and bridle ; that on the 22nd he stuck-up a boy named, Willard, from whom he took a horse, saddle, and bridle. There was a horse, saddle, and bridle at the hut. The saddle and bridle have since been identified as those that had been taken from the Rev. Father Finn. John- ston Has a smart active man. I am certain he would never have been taken alive. He was getting away from the police, and dodging them when he was shot. The paddook was surrounded by mountains. By the Coroner : I do not know of my own knowledge that Johnston carried firearms. When he fell and put his hands behind his back, I imaginedthat he was feel- ing for firearms to make an assault on the police. By the jury : The horse he had has not yet been identified. James Rutherford deposed : I am a constable of the police force, stationed at Merriwa. On the night of the 15th instant, acting on information I had received, I camped on the Wybong. I had heard that a man answering the description was at Donnewald's on the Wybong. I was aware a warrant had been issued. I sent a word to sergeant Thompson that Johnston was there, and waited there till he arrived, about 1 o'clock next day, when we proceeded to Donnewald's. Under sergeant Thompson's instructions we divided as we went up there. We dismounted for fear the man should escape on foot. It was difficult to approach without being seen. When we got there sergeant Thompson found that the man had escaped and gone over to another place about four miles distant, where a son of Donnawald resided. [Here witness described the continuance of the chase and corroborated the sergeant's statement.] We found on John- ston's person a powder flask, which I took out of his coat pocket when we first picked him up. Ser- geant Thompson went for a doctor, and I went for a dray. When I returned I took out of his trousers pockets two sovereigns, two half soveriegns, two shil- lings, and a sixpence, tied in a piece of rag, which I now produce, also a pocket-comb, a pocket-knife, and a box containing precussion caps. Johnston was quite close to Sweeney when Sweeney called on him to surrender. I believe that if he had got into the ranges close by we would never have got him again. I have seen the body, it has been under my charge ever since. I only knew him from the description given of him. I searched his body, and found on him marks that correspond with the description accompanying the photograph produced. Johnston was 133 paces from Sweeney when Sweeney fired. We were armed with revolvers. By the jury : The bills to which Johnson was making were not fit for a man to ride up on horseback. They were nearly perpendicular. The valley is in the shape of a horse-shoe, and there is only one way by which access can be gained to it. That was the way we went. Patrick Sweeney deposed . I am a mounted trooper in the police force of New South Wales, stationed at Muswellbrook. About ll o'clock in the forenoon of Saturday last, I went, in company with sergeant Thompson, to arrest a man named John Johnston, charged on a warrant with stealing two horses and two saddles and bridles, the property of Mr. W. J. Dangar, of Singleton, We proceedod to the Wybong Creek, and there met constable Rutherford and then went to a place called Sandy Gully, to the residence of a man named Donnewald, but we ascertained that the man we wanted had left there about dinner time. We then went to Double Gully, about four miles away. We came to a hut in which a Mrs. Donnawald lives, whose husband ( Jacob Donnowald) is in gaol at Parramatta. When within about sixty or seventy yards of the house I saw a horse, with a saddle and bridle on, hung up to a stump close to the house. Soon afterwards I Baw a man coming out of the kitchen-door I recognised him as John Johnston, the man I wanted. He wore leggings, a dark coat, and a black hat with a white turban on it; he had black hair and whiskers. When he saw us he returned into the house by the back door. I jumped off my horse and got through the fence, pulled out my revolver, and proceeded down to the house. When I got there I said, 'Johnston, como out and surrender like a man - Sweeney's outside." I got no reply, but immediately after heard sergeant Thompson call out to look out for the front door. I stepped up to the back door and saw a man named Lawson standing in the passage. This man I knew was a companion of Johnston's. I told Lawson if he attempted to stir I'd shoot him. I went to the other end of the house, looked all round, and saw Johnston running away through the trees in the flat. I fired after him, but did not cover him. He was 400 or 500 yards away at this time. I got on my horse and rode, after him. I turned across into the left had side of the paddock to prevent him getting away into the bush, and got up in front of where Johnston was running in the paddock. I called on Johnston, and said, "Johnston, if you don't surrender I'll shoot you; I know you well and you know me - I'm Sweeney the constable." He made no reply, but ran on in an opposite direction. I rode down to a small flat and jumped off the horse as quick as I could. Johnston's right side was towards me. I covered his thigh with my revolver and fired. I saw him fall, but he got up again, stood straight up, and again fell struggling to the ground. I ran to him, but before I got to him sergeant Thompson was close up to him. I called out to the sergeant to be careful. When I came up I spoke to Johnston, saying, "My God,John- ston, why didn't you surrender; and also said that I did not wish to have to shoot him. I asked him if could do anything for him, or had he anything to say to me, but he never spoke. I helped to carry him out of the paddock into the house. He died in about a quarter of an hour. I remained with the corpse, till it was brought into Muswellbrook. In his vest pocket, I found a pocket compass. The dis- tance I was from him when I fired was 133 yards. When I came up to him I opened up his clothes and ren- dered him all the assistance I could. I afterwards found a horse, saddle and bridle, which were pointed out to me as those that Johnston had brought to the house that day. The saddle and bridle produced are the same. They have been claimed by the Rev. Father Finn, of Murrundi, and recognised by him as the saddle and bridle he was robbed of on Warland's Ranges. I knew Johnston before. I assisted senior sergeant Hinde to arrest him about nine years ago. I have not the slightest doubt as to his identity. I be- lieve he would have escaped if I had not shot him. He very nearly succeeded in getting away among the mountains, which surround the paddock like a fence. The clothes I now examine were the clothes deceased had on when he was shot. The hat and cloak I produce I also found at Donnewald's Sandy, Gully - the first place we went to. George Henry Lawson doposed I am a stockman and horsebreaker. I have no particular place of abode. I was living at Gundagai a few weeks ago. I only know deceased by having seen him at Donnewald's. It was between three and four weeks since I first saw him there Johnston came to Donnewald's l«BtSuturday. . I was at both the Donnewald's places with him. He was plough- ing there. We did not go over from Sanely Crook, to Doublo Gully together. I went over from Sandy Creek to Doublo Gully about eight o'clock in the morn- ing. Deceased and myself and another young,man slept together at randy Gully. Johnston had come to Doublo Gully about five, or ten minutes before the police came. When tho police came he ran through the house, and said, " Holy Ghost, hero's Thompson coming." He went down the flat from the house. He was about a hundred yards away from the house when the police called on him to stand,but he still kept on running. He crossed the creek and went into a wheat paddoc the police following on horseback. ' Johnson was on the left hand side of the paddock, and sargonnt Thompson was on the inside. I heard a shot fired, and Johnson turned round as if he was going to face sergeant Thompson. After the shot was fired Johnston fell, and when the police went to him he appeared to be dying. We carried him to the house in a quilt. When wo got to the house his feet were cold. I got a looking- glass and put it over his mouth and finding that the glass was not stained, I said to the police that I believed the man was dead. During the time Johnston was running away I was standing at the corner of the house at the side, between a quarter and half a mile away, I saw all that took place. I have onlyspoken of one shot as having been fired, but there were two shots fired before we got into the paddock. The police called upon Johnston several times to surrender. I am not aware that Johnston frequently carried a revolver. I I have seen firearms with him, but cannot say if he usually carried them. I saw what I believed to be a pistol on the night before he was shot, just as we were going to bed. I do not know where the pistol is now. I have seen no firearms in the house at Double Gully since the occurrence. I never heard Johnston say that he never would be taken alive. I have seen the saddle and bridle produced in Johnston's possession. They were supposed to be his. By the jury : The other person who slept with deceased and myself was Louis Donnewald. I do not think Johnston could have got away if he had not been shot, because he was in a wheat paddock of twenty or thirty acres and the police could see where he went to. It was possible for a horseman to ride quickly all round the paddock. I do not know that Johnston went by any other name. He was hired by Donnewald to plough. I believe the police could have taken him without shooting him if they had waited. By the coroner : I have said that Johnston was between a quarter and half a mile away. The three police were on each side of him . He was 124 yards from the paddock fence when he was shot. I measured the distance. I did not know Johnston before this. I never met him in gaol. Robert Howden deposed : I am a constable in the police force stationed in West Maitland. I have seen the body at the back of the court-house, but do not recognise it. I recognise the clothes produced as having been worn by a man I met at West Maitland. At about half-past 8 o'clock on the night of the 20th July I was on duty at West Maitland, and saw a man who thought was identical with a man who had stolen two horses from Singleton. I overtook him, and wished him good night. I asked him whether he had come down the country, and he said he had. I asked him how long it was since he arrived in Maitland ; he an- swered, "On Thursday evening." I then asked him how many head of cattle he had brought down the country with him, and he answered that he had not brought down any cattle at all - that I was b - sharp. "Perhaps you have come from the tin mines," I then said ; he answered yes. I asked him two or three other questions, and seeing that he was not inclined to enter into conversation with me, I then said, "Well, I might as well be candid with you, old man. You're identical with a man who has stolen two horses from Singleton, and I want to know where you are stopping, so that if the parties with whom you are stay- ing can give any satisfactory account of you, I'll apolo- gise for having detained you." He then replied that he was stopping at Brown's. I then said, " I must go to Brown's with you " He presented either a pistol or a revolver at me, cocking it at the same time, and said, " No you don't, you b- wretch " Not having anything to protect myself with I thought it prudent to retreat, which I did backwards, with my face towards him. I went about ten yards back, and then turned round. When I got about thirty yards off he said, " You b- long dog, I'm sorry I didn't shoot you. I then ran down to the barracks, and reported the cir- cumstance to senior Sergeant Kerrigan. I recognise the portrait produced to be that of the person I speak of. Robert Willard deposed : I reside at Glennie's Creek with my father. ' I have seen the body of a man at the back of the court-house and recognise it as that of a man I had seen about three weeks or a month ago at Glennie's Creek. He came across the bush and stopped me. He caught hold of my bridle and said if I did not get off he'd shoot me. He put on his leggings and spurs, and rode away on my horse. The leggings produced are similar to those he had on, and the poncho he had was familar to that produced. He did not show me any firearms. Joseph Brown deposed : I reside with my father at Campbell's Hill, West Maitland, at the Royal Oak Hotel. I have seen the body of a man at the back of the court house, and believe it to be that of John Johnston. He stopped at my father's house on the 18th of July last. He had a bay mare, DR con- joinod (the D reversed), with a square tail, and two white hind legs. I have since heard that' it was ' Mr. Dangar's horse. Deceased slept in a room by himself. When he left a pocket compass was missed. The compass produced answers the description of the one missed. The portrait pro- duced is something like the man. When he was at our place he had a beard. I identify the hat, poncho, and leggings produced as similar to those worn by the man who stayed at my father's house. Patrick Finn deposed : I am a'Catholic priest, re- siding at Blandford. I was stopped on the road on the 27th of July last. As I was ascending the range a man met me. Ho was walking. He caught hold of the reins of my horse, and told me to dismount. I expostu- lated with him for a moment or two, and he then asked me if I had any money, at the same time putting his hand into my pocket. He took out a little book that I had. He then put his hand into another pocket, and took out a purse containing about seven sovereigns. He gave me back the book. I had to dismount ; and he told me I could get a horse from some carriers who were some distance along the road. I walked away, and he called after me and said he could leave the horse for me at Wallabadah. He took away the horse saddle, and bridle, and a coat that was tied to the front of the saddle. I have seen a body at the back of the court- house. It was disfigured by decomposition, so that I could not recognise it. I cannot be positive that the photograph produced is the portrait of the man who stuck me up. The saddle and bridle produced I recog- nise as those taken from me. There was a blue band on the forehead strap, but that is not there now. The stirrup irons are not the same. I cannot identify the money produced. Louis Donnewald deposed : I reside with my mother at Double Gully. I knew the deceased John Johnston. He had lately been staying at our house. I last saw him on Saturday last, when he left our house. He left the cloak and hat produced at my father's place. They were his property. Jacob De Leon deposed : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, residing and practicing in Mus- wellbrook. On the evening of the 16th instant sargeant Thompson requested me to go and see a man who had been wounded at Wybong Creek by the police. Owing to the storm we did not reach the place where the man was till about 12 o'clock at night. When I reached the place I found that the man was quite dead. Rigor mortis has set in. On viewing the body I found a gunshot wound on the right hip joint, which had extended to the pelvis or lower part of the abdomen. I made a post mortem examination of the body yesterday morning, and found that the ball had penetrated clean through the bone, into the pelvis, and in all probability ruptured the bladder and some of the arterial vessels in the pelvis. In my opinion death was caused by the combined effects of shock to the nervous system and internal haemorrhage. By the Coroner : I have not had much experience in shooting cases, but I should think that if a man fired with a revolver at another at a distance of 133 yards, he might strike either a little higher or a little lower than the part aimed at. Frederick William Thrum deposed : I am a Justice of the Peace for the territory of New South Wales, resid- ing at Muswellbrook. I have seen the locality where the man Johnston was shot, and have heard the evidence of the previous witnesses. From my personal inspec- tion of the ground, and the evidence I have heard, I am of opinion that the locality in question offered great facilities for the escape of the deceased from the police. Having heard the evidence of the witnesses relative to the distance the man had got away from the police, I consider that if he.had once reached the base of the mountain no oneo could have captured him. Tho Coroner carefully summed up the evidence and explained the law bearing upon such cases. The jury retired at a quarter past 5 o'clock, and after an absence of fourteen minutes returned into the court room with a verdict of justifiable homicide. The Coroner expressed his concurrence ,with the ver- dict of the jury, and said he considered sergeant Thompson, constable Sweeney and constable Ruther- ford were entitled to the thanks of the community for their exemplary conduct in bringing the offender to justice. 