Parliament, wa are informed by proclamation, will meet for the dispatch of bosinees od the 9tb proximo. After tho enjoyment of such an extended and peaceful rooess, our political gladiators -should be enabled to re-enter the arena of atiife in Macquarie-street like 'giants refreshed' on the day named. True, a little skirmishing, so to speak, has been done on both sides in the meanwhile, and preparations ore being made to do some more preliminary work in the same way. Mr ForsteH, daring a visit to the northern districts, aDd while beiDg entertained at a publio banquet at Inverell, denounced the present Miuistiy as being unworthy of .public confidence, aud went bo far a9 to state that they should be turned out of office at onoo. On the other hand, Mr Llovd followed on the track of Mr Forster as far as Nowcasile, where he luuded the present Government — himsolf included, of oourse— to the very utmost. He went on to elate in substance that the country had flourished under their wise ruling, and that it should continue to do so at an ever increasing rate of prosperity so long as ho (Mr Lloyd) and Mr Parkes might bo permitted to hold tho reins of power in the groat council of the land So far as nfter dinner speeohifying was conoernod, theMinis* try and Opposition were then upon pretty equal termB. It appears, however, that upon tho Govern' ruent side it is considered that some more ' out door work, should ho dono by them prior to the opening of Parliament. Looking at the matter from a legal point of view, Mr Forster having appeared as Crown Proseoutor in tho case against . tho Ministry, and having made suoh an onslaught against tho ' aooused,' Mr Parkes has deter mined upon not allowing Mr Lloyd to be the only counsel for cho defence. He has deoided upon appearing in person and pleading his cause before tho suprome judge of his actions — the people. In doing so, he has already chosen two distant positions from which he is to address the public car — theonebeingin the north, andthe other in the south-western parts of tho colony. Mr Parkes' first great speech in tbis instance in bis own defence and that of his Ministry was made at \- Maitland, on Tuesday evening. A report of the proceedings on that occasion is not to hand at the time we pen these remarks, but the purport and tenor of the Premier's oration that evening may bo imagined with unhesitating certainty. No one who knows Mr Parkes questions his ability to ad dress an audience of eitherfriends or foes with great eloquence and power, neither will any persons who are acquainted with his character anticipate fora moment that he would failto belaud thepresent Premier of New South Wales and his colleagues whilo addressing tho influential inhabitants of Maitland. And hewouldbe the more triumphant in tho matter, considering that the say upon the ques tion was then all upon his own side. It ia possible tbut in tho course of his visit to that oity of the north his memory may have oarried him back to the time when the most desperate encounter that ever ocourred in this colony upon the hustings took place between himself and Mr J. B. Darvall, noi very far from the very spot where lie wae entertained last Tuesday evening, and where doubtless all things passed as merrily as ' marriage bells.' A reflection upon the past in that respect, however, would bo a source of comfort and consolation rather than of unrest and disquietude to Mr PariCeb, At the time alluded to, a bitter enmity had sprnng up between himself and Mr Cowper, and this eras what otimulated him to oppose Mr Darvell, who had then joined the Cowper Ministry. Mr Parices now oocupieB the position so.tong coveted by him- — that of Premier of New South Wales — and to add to tho felicity of Lib official eojoyment of the same, Mr Cowfer and Mr Darvell, like the 'Kiamo \- Ghost,' have faded from human vision upon ? f.uectj tbo.MP, After returning from his northern toflr, it is nfruugod t(iat Mr PakKes ahull visit tho Wektjrn or South western diBtriois. While ad-dressing tho inhabitants of Young, tl e Premier will, of course, ha»o an opportuni'y of referring to tho Giojfoll School case, should ho oonsider tho matter worth his attention We question vory much, hotvevor, whether ln^ will venture far, if at all, upon that piece ol ( ' brokt'n ice.' Tho Western districts «rs con sidered to bo, upon tho whole, rathe' opposed to the present Government, and tuoh being tho etato of ufi'iirs in that respect, Mr. Parkes inoy suoceod in doing something toward3 reconciling some, and winning othor3 who may not now ontertain very loyal feelings towards tie present Miuistry. However that may be, his labor surely shall not bo wholly in vain in the matter. What with his (Mr. Parkes') ' holding forth' to tho people of Maitland in the north, and the Burrangong oominunity in tho south wes' together with Mr. Lloyd's ' defence' ui Nowoastle, some ground should bo gained by the M'nistry out of dooro, end Mr. Porsters address for the prosecution ohonld bacousidcr.tbiy, if not wholly uullifi ul. So fur as the southern districts are ooncerned, we presume Mr. Btjtler is supposed to attond'to their political welfare, and seo that their adhesion to tho present Govern ment does not flag or fail. Another month will see the Government and Opposition faoo to feoe ra tho hall of tho Assembly, and then we shall learn the ttuo ctato of parties in the House. So far, ye believe tho conntry has little oause to regret the holding of tho reins of power by the preaont Go7ernmon5. They have their faults aivdshortoomingo.andsohavethe Oppo- sition. AndsincetheMinistry have been in offioo, it may -bo said they have beon ' more sinned against than sinning.' Another session, should they hold their positions that long, will prove clearly their policy and intontions, and will give tho country a better opportunity of judging between the object of the Opposition and that of the Government. There is one matter which has been pending, and which bad to be attended to in a great measure during the recess, and wo give Mr Parkes unquali fied -credit for the manner in wbioh he dealt with it. We allude to the Ocean Mail question, We have no hesitation ia concluding that, in-connection with every pbaso ?ofthat matter, Mr Parkes oarried out the wish of this -colony. In a few more weeks we Bball learn the opinion of Parliament upon tha: and other important questions to be submitted to that august assembliy. 