1 DANDIES V. MEN. I (ÍMeral Review.) ^ IT is generally conceded that the prettier a woman makes herself, the more credit is due to her. It is accepted aa the natural order of things that she ahauid spend a large portion of her time before a mirror, sad in devising means to en- hance her attractiveness. So long as she makes herself beautiful, minor imperfec- tions, euch as vanity, unthriftiness, intellectual shallowness, and indolence, can be readily forgiven her. At least, BO judges the world. A few philosophera unsparingly condemn this view, perhaps, declaring that its effect ia to make woman a mere toy and plaything, in- capable of lofty aspirations or earnest work, but the murmurings of these thinkers seem to affect no one bnt them- selves, and fail to induce any visible alteration in public thought. Many who grumble at women do soi, not because women givo much time and trouble to their self-adornment, but because they do so to little purpose. They may regret to see them aping such a malformation as the Grecian bend, but they would not think it a pity if the personal inconvenience endured by the actresses were gone through with a more satisfactory result. Thus it may be said that women are privileged beings. and that they are not, at any rate, thought the worse of because they exhibit a great desi of conceit, and go out of their nay to attract attention. Simple compassion is felt for them, when, In their endeavour to display a great deal of finery, and, by . so doing, indicate the length of the purse from which they may freely draw supplies, they encumber themselves with a load which is difficult to bear, and look something like travelling tnounte j^trnks. The case ÍB very different so far PB^sen are concerned. An overdressed man, at first sight, conveys the impres- sion to nine beholdors out of ten that ho is a brainless puppy. The whiteness of his well-kept hand is intuitively deemed a reproach rather than a credit to him. .When moBt people look at his fine clothes they murmur a statement that fae would be all the better if bo were stripped of them, and placed in such circumstances that he would have to work bard to gain his daily bread. The reason for all this is that it is universally felt that man was mode for use, not ornament, and that he is not doing his duty either to himself or those by whom he is surrounded if he ie. not engaged in some active sphere of usefulness. It aggravates the man who works to look at the'man who is able to get along in the world, clothing himself in the finest raiment, surrounding himself with all the"'beauties and comforts which art and science can produce, and* living upon the fat of the land, withput doing anything at all. It is hot'the sight of rich ladies reclining indolently in luxurious carriages so much as the vision of extensively got np dandies taking their ease, which ' routes . the advocate of communistic ÇribcipleB to a state of absolute frenzy, 'he latter argues that it is monstrous he should be compelled to labour in order that the former may he in a position to abrogate all that is manly in them. Allied to thia feeling of indignation there is one of thorough. contempt. Your roan of, communistic proclivities feels that he ia in all respects superior to the kid-gloved dandy, and that it is only by a peculiar combination of circumstances, arißingfrotnthe fact that our social system is radically at fault, that his enemy maintains his position of superiority. It ia argued that were the two placed .somewhere where they had both to depend upon (heir own efforts it would quickly be found that the dandy would prove himself what he is, a UBeless en- cumbrance. Possibly the dandy may be in nine cases out of every ten, effeminate and not over-burdened with brains, but there is no doubt whatever about one fact'. He commanda a certain amount of respect." Even your socialist will, almost in spite of himself, become rather awed wh/Búto is brought in contact with a dashing specimen of the order. He will a^umo a-copciliatory tone, he will adopt; jan fumble mien, and he will Bubmissij'ely give; ip iài^the man whom fae pMfesses so" greatly to despise and loatliá"¿3Ie baWhijnsèlf because he so acts, M^f^p\denunenitions on the hend of him^tolixtbrts an .unwilling homage when heÖeW^frouj_;the .sphere of bis influence ¡ Dn1;'ifieV!fiç«'ieiituerB,'' added tootie tnanner«whîch the " fine feathers" help to sustain, are top much for him to hope to combat openly and successfully. Perhaps all this is lowing to the fact that pronounced dandyism ia supposed io represent a certain amount of wealth and a certain Bocial statua. Certainly, io the circumstance that fine clothes exercise such'an influence, we owe the possession of so many men in our midst who ostentatiously ape the dandy, who may be said to study but one art, viz., that-pf dressing tliem'selves. When it is evident to the most obtuse that the man whom the little arabs of the street look after and call a "swell" has a manifest advantage over the individual who clothes himself in a very ordinary fashion, it would be surprising if many men did not undertake the râle indicated. There sfaonld be no mistake in judging dandies. They are of . two distinct classes. The one ia led to actas he doea because he is innately conceited, and is so addle-pated that he can appreciate but one fact, viz., that it is only by extravagantly overdressing himself he «an hope to attract any attention, favourable or otherwise. PerhopB he imagines that he baa a good figure, which should be seen to the best advantage, or perhaps be wishes to be taken for one of the aristocrats of tho community. But, whatever be his ostensible object, bis conduct has its rise in overweening vanity, and is a tacit confession that ho baa uo faith in bia* own powers. Tho other class is actuated by different motives. A man feels doubtful about his position, which, naturally, he desires to sustain. It ÍB not surprising, then, that ho ÍB led to ape the eccentric foppishness and lavender-water style, which is, probably, affected by many of those with whom he deaires to associate. Thus, in this case, dandyism is a means to an end. A better one might be chosen-no doubt, but still the fact is as we have stated. A PROBABLE CAUSE.-Teacher-" Con you tell me why Adam and Eve were driven out ] of paradiseÏ"-Bright Pupil-"Because they | wouldn't go out of their own accord." MELANCHOLY EVENT.-A man whoBc wife i hod been ill for some time, was walking along with a sadder countenance than usual one morning'when a friend suddenly grasped his ¿land, and with a look of commiseration, asked, "Whendid she die*"-"O thunder! she ain't dead ; she's house-cleaning !" ex- claimed thc husband, as ho pursued his melancholy way. JOSH BILLINUE ON PAHTRIDOKH.-The part- ridge is also a game bird. Their game is tew drum on a log in the Bpring of thc year, and keep both eyes open, watching thc sportuieu. Partridges are eliott on thc wing, and arc as easy tew miss az a ghost vt., lt ii phun ennff to see the old bird hide ber yung brood when danger iz near. This must be seen, it kant bc described, and make enny bodily belcavo it. The _ partridge, grouse, and pheasant arc cousins, and cither one ov them straddle a fidiron natural cnuff tow hav bin born there, ake a couple of yung partridges and pot them down, and serve tip with thc right kind ov a chorus, and they beat thc ham sandwich yu bny on the Camden and Amboy Hollway 874 Ver cent. I liare cat these lamentabel Nu Jersey ham snndwich, and must sa that I prefer a couple of bass wood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuk together with Spalding's glue, 