V UTEBATUfjg. ' THE M A Z E, (Continued.). Lady Level then said :— «« J want-, fco rest last night angry with Lord Lerelj for we had spoken irritating words to each other. 1 lay awake, I dare s ty for an hour, in- dulging bitter thoughts, and then I dropped asleep. ' Suddenly something woke me : I cannot tell you what it was : whether it was any noise, or whether it Was the opening of the door between my room and Lord Level's. All I know is, that door was wide open and some one Btood in it with a lighted candle;. It was the strangest object, Arnold : it seemed, to be dresBed in flannel, flannel drawers and a flannel shirt, with long hair and wild eyes. In the wonfasion of the moment I believed it must be Lord Level, and I was struck with amazement, for Lord Level was not able even to turn in his bed without assistance, on account of the injury to his knee, mid I thought how long his hair had grown — that was, you know, when I was between deep and wake. It came across the room " " Blanche," he interrupted, " you speak just as if jfou were speaking of a vision. It 1 " That is what Lord Level says it was. Let me' go on. It came across the room aB far as tt Aressing-table. I started up in bed then, for I eaw - it was not Lord Level, the wild eyes t aimed upon me, and at the same moment Lord Level called out from his bed, apparently in agitation or pain. The figure dropped something, turned round, and darted back again through the open door to Lord Level's chamber/ and I saw the oandle fall foom his hand to the floor, and the place was in darkness again, save what little light came from Lord Level's night lamp. Terror overwhelmed me, and I cried out, and then Lord Level called to me by name. I ran to his room, flinging on my warm dressing-gown as I went, and there I found him hurt iu Bome way, for he wee bleeding from the arm and from the side. Arnold, as I live, as I breathe, that is the whole truth," she concluded with emotion. " Lid you see the — the figure ?" " It was not there. I saw no trace of it. I remember I picked up the candlestick, for it waB right in my path, and I screamed as I went in : I screamed worse when I saw the blood upon Lord Level.' He grasped me by the arm, as I have told you, and kept me by him, and I saw how white he. looked, and his brow was damp. 4 What was it ? what was that ?' I exclaimed to him. ( Say nothing of what you have seen,' he answered j ' I charge you, nothing.' I don't quite know what I replied : it was to the effect that the house must be called, and the figure seen after. He grasped my arm all the tighter ; no wonder it is black : I thought he wo aid have broken it. ' You are my wife,' he. went on ; 4 my interests are yours ; I charge, by your duty and obedience to me, that you say nothing : bury this in silence, as you value your life and mine.' Then he fainted and his hold relaxed, and I screamed out and the servants came : had my lite depended on it, I could not have helped screaming. What had been dropped in my room proved to be the knife." "This is a very strange account," exclaimed Mr. Bavensworth. " It is so strange that I lose myself at times, wondering whether I was Reaming. But it was true, Arnold, it was true." " Did the figure, as you call it, hear a resem- blanee to .any of the servants F Was it one of them, man or woman, in disguise ?-" " I am certain it was not. It was too tall and ydung for the steward, too short for Sanders; and,, as. fcp tha women - servants, it is absurd to I think of them, in connection with it. - It bad the strangest face ; not, it seemed to me, like a human beinv'a : T dnn't. f.hink it. M nna " I abstractedly continued Lady Level. "And it wore neither shoes nor stockings, and the white tapes of its flannel drawers were banging about its legs." And you saw no signs of it afterwards ?" "Nonewhatover. There were no traces, I tell yea, of its having been there, save the injury to Lird Level, the knife, and the fallen candlestick. Tae candlestick was one left in Lord Level's room the previous night, so that it must have been seen, and lighted from his night lamp. But, wbidd you believe it, that Lord Level wants now to persuade me all this was a dream of the imagination." " That his wounds are ?" "Hot his wounds, of course — or the found knife, bat all the part that I saw. He ridioulfs the bare idea of what I say I saw, this strangely- dressed creature, looking like nothing human. He says he caught a full view of the man who at tacked him; tuat he should know him again, that he was dressed in fustian, and was no more wild-looking than I am, and he suspects he was/ a poacher who must have got in through one of the windows. Do you wonder that I fear ; to go to bed tonight? Whatever it may have been, ghost, or man, or demon, if it came last -night it may come again." Mr. Havens worth pondered over the tale, and be could hot help deeming it a most improbable one. , ut - that traces of some mysterious oresenoe had.be »n left behind, he would have regarded it as her husband appeared to have done— a mid night freak of Lady Level's imagination. Yet'tbo wounds pre realities," said Mr. Sevens worth , epeakirigaloud, in answer to his own thoughts. " Arnold, it is all a reality. Thrakge fvHftlffll I say, when I am almost tempteouHBSj but in my sober reason I know it to have-jirpE true. When one, near-and dear fcqus, is taken by. hayemterlades fin . our sCrirow, ViSi'(wbpc wirseivSI; Id-it not a j dreamhas jjilh really been buby ?» but, all the vhililiworB'mmimhn is wifchjas that it m onlyltob- truejj that we are but essaying to cheat 6umS|X bo it is with Me jmAlitoK WhilI astldiself, 4 Wag it a dream ?' I hold a perfect; positive oonvictiou that it was only too terrible a reality." " I have heard," continued Mr. Bavensworth, still in abstraction, " of maniacs breaking loose from their plraa <£duracejand enteringhpnses to ddibcmMAaead pf night. Slarichb, t ' didnt looklflre madman H # " I never saw a madman, that I know of., This- "CTteture looked wild enough to bemad. There was.qnething I .thought curious in connection with the finding 'of the knife," proceeded Lady JDeveL It,aras Timms who pioked it up,- while Sanders was gone for the surgeon, and she brought into Lard Leversroom,calling out that she hd found the jweapon. Why, that's Mr. Drewitts knife," exclaimed the house-girl, , -Deborah, Ob soon as she saw it and the old steward, who had but just reached the room, asked her how she-could assert such a falsity. 'It is yours, sir, said Deborah j ' it's ypur new knife, t have seen it on your' table, and should know it anywhere.'' 'Deborah, if you repeat that again, I'll have you punished,', sharply called out the housekeeper, without, you understand, quitting Lord Level, to whom she was attending, te look whether it was or was not the knife. How, Arnold," added Lady Level, 41 ill and terrified as I was feeling at the moment, a conviction came across me that it was hiB knife, but that he and Mrs. Edwards were purposely denying it." "It is impossible to Buspect them of attacking, or conniving at the attack on Lord .Level." " They attack Lord Level ! they would rather attack the whole world combined, than that a hair of his head should suffer. They are fondly, blindly attached to him. And Deborah, it appears, has been convinced out ef her assertion. Hark ! who is that ?" " It was the inspeotor, exploring the outlets and inlets, followed by his two men, who had done the same before him." " I thought you had forbidden the search," cried Lady Level. "Why are they disobeying you ?" "Blanche, after what you have told me, I consider there ought to be a search." " Iu opposition to Lord Level ?" "I think that Lord Level has not taken a sufficiently serious view of the case. The only solution I can. come to is, that some escaped madman got ' into the house before it was closed f or the night, and concealed himself in it — and is in it now." ! ; " How ! In it now ?" , ' " Most probably. The house has been on the alert since it happened, and he has not been seen to leave it. Madmen are more cunning than sane ones." / ' " And you would have gone away, and left me in it, Arnold!" ; Hesmiled. " You had not told me then what you Save now. £ shall, go arid speak to the inspector." " Shall you tell him this ?" " Probably. Or part of it/-' The inspector had evidently, fori He up Ms mind — that it was Lady Level, though he did not say so in so many words. Mr. Bavensworth repeated to him the substance ef the account he had heard, and . the officer, keen and praotiosd, revolved the story to himself, and his faitb grew in it. There were mysterious points about it he could not yet explain, but he deemed it of suffi cient weight to justify a closer search of the premises. _ Not a soul went , to bed that night. Lady Level set the example bv sitting up, and the servants followed, it. Mrs. Edwards was in attendance on Lord Level; and the steward, who appeared most exceedingly to resent the 'presence of .the police, shut himself in his rooms. The inspector, accompanied only by ; Mr. Raverisworfcb, went about the house, looking here, there, and everywhere, but nothing wrong could they find or discover. Passing Lord Level's room, and down the long passage beyond it, which was divided by a door in the middle, they came upon another door, which was fastened. The inspector shook it. " It mast lead to the back rooms," he observed, "and they are unin habited." " I think these are the steward's apartments," observed Mr. Bavensworth. Whose ever .they were, nobody came to the door, and the inspector rattled it again, It brought forth Mr. Drewitt. They, heard him draw and fasten a chain, and then hepulled .the: Aoor. a few inches open, so far as the chain permitted him. j " Will you let us iu ? I must search these rooms." ft! OhAWiIi LtM Mrl%4kt DM a.LaJ .1 J mm "» fWHuu ivr witnir a obkoa IQv Qiu m&D;» 1 jcabnot have my rooms searched. This morning , Miter the alarm, I went over them, to be safe, and that's sufficient." . | " Allow me to search for myself," returned the jeffioer. i "No, sir," answered the steward with dig nity, " nobody comes in to search these rooms in opposition to the wish of my lord, J His orders to me were that the affair should be allowed to drop, end I, for ontoj willnot disobey him, or give help to those who would. His lordship believed that , whoever it might be that attacked him, came in and went oat again ; the country might be hunted over, he said, but not his house.' i "I must enter here," was all the answer reiterated to. him by the officer. ! " It shall be oyer my body then," returned the steward; trembling with emotion. " My lord forbade a search, and you have no right whatever tc-preeeed-to4t" i retorted the old man, " but you don't come in herci Get my ford's authority first, abd thCn you are welcome. And! bfofrpaydon, sir," pe added to Mr/BavenBrtb, " but I would inquire what authority you Bifid- froBKjnv lcrd that you Bhould set ;n|u|ht liilelpresii' wishes?" : ' The door was shut : and the inspector leaned against tpS; 41 Did you notice his agitpfcion?" ' hewdnspered |o Mr. EavenB worth ; " there's more in this than meets the eye." . i Hecalied 'his -»» .,l ttwn must lie rooms on the ground-floor looking to the back, as well as these ; how are they led to ?" ggjBSSliliferi t Tt. AaAmfld a puzzle. They took npKit to explore. Plenty ef rooms ocktogto thl front of the house and the tw bplhone to the baokj or, if -they CoMdod no entrance to them. v We U go oUtBide at daylight, and hare a look at tne win dows," smd the inspeotor to Mr. Bavensworth. - Easier said than done. With the greylght of the November morning, they were out of doors, thoae two alone. A high waU, running from the Itouse on either Bide, like two spreading wings, enclosed the garden at the back, and that wall was enclosed end sheltered by a grove of dwarf sh) ubs and tall trees. They found a door right in the corner, completely hidden by the shrubs before jit. v IfW4S> lc#ed, and they wiefit to Deborahfor thC kc/ f Sbe knCw nofchihg abobt it, she Baid ; she believed there was a key, but it was kept. twJdrJDUewitl - - - ; "lean undo the door, sir, if yea want it un done," spoke ug onb of the policemen , who had heard the colloquy. " Are you prepared ?" " " AU right, sir." ' Whether he was possessed of a skeleton key or keys, he and his .superior alone kne w. He opened ; the door, and Mr. Raveneworth and the inspector entered. They fpimjLhemselieo.in a large square plot of ground, gravelled; the whole enclosed by the high <#all, ' b dwarf shrubs on thie'side it als-j, 4nd by more lofty trees. The windows of the back of the house looked into it, ourious-looking windows, long Ond nerrow. mo;t of thein Whitened over to obstruct the View, aad all encafed outside with strong iron bars. A small iron door was risible leading to the garden, but it was fast and firm, and there Were no apparent means of open ing it. " Not much danger that he could have effected an entrance on this side," remarked Mr. Bavens worth, alluding to the myeterions visitant of the previous night. The inspector was taking a survey and softly whistling to himself: now standing afar off to gaze up at the whole, and now peering in through the lower windows. Of course, being whitened, he had his trouble for his pains. " It puts me in mind of a prison," cried Mr. Bavensworth. " It puts me in mind of a madhouse," Was the laconic rejoinder of the inspector. They passed out, but Mb. B&tc;&sWorlh; lingered a minute behind the other. In that minute his eye was attracted to one of the windows on the floor above. It opened down the middle, like a French one, and was being shaken, apparently > with a view to Open it — and if you are wfeil 1 acquainted with continental windows, 'or Windows made after their fashion, yoh may remember how long it has taken yOu to shake a refractory window before it will obey. It was at length effected, and in the opening, gazing with a vacant, silly expression through the close bars, appeared &- face. JuBt-sueh a face as Lady Level had de scribed, with wiid eyes and uncouth features, scarcely like a hitman being-. But he had no lonj hair, and appeared lo bs fully dresse . He j einaioed in vew but a moment j tte window pas immediately closed again, Mr- BaveDS worth thought, by another hand. What was the mystery ? That there was one, there was little doubt, and that the steward, Mrs. Edwards, and Lord Level were privy to it. Were they keeping a th adman there r But who was he ? And had he broken loose that night fr&th; keeping, iojured Lord Level | and frightened his wife ? Or was it some msd- ; man who had got in, and was concealing himself here with impunity, owing to the obstinacy of the old steward ? Mr. Bavensworth held his tongue, joined the inspector, and the gate was locked again. The latter took his departure, to retttrii again later, and the former sought Lady Level. She had changed heir drfess for a morning one, but she ! looked wan and haggard. " Lady Level, you must go with me up-stairs." " For what ?" she asked. " To make old Drewitt open his door. He will not do it for me, so you must try your authority. I want to get into those shut-up epairtmbnttj. I Mr. Bavensworth Was right. The steward did not presume to dispute Lacy Level's mandate, ; which she gave bo me what imperiously. They found themselves in the old gentleman's sitting-room, and he placed chairs for them. "I have not come to sit," said Mr. Ravens jwortb, " I have come to explore those further irooms." ; " You must not do it, sir.-' , " I will," said Mr. Ravfensfforth. " I have euthority to act from Lady Level, and these rooms I shall examine." He . penetrated an inner passage as he spoke, where a door barred his further progress. "I will go on, if I use force," he con tinued : " he who attacked Lord Level is con cealed here." " Are you an enemy of my lord's- P" asked the old man, greatly agitated. " I do not wish to be an enemy to Lord Level, but I am the early friend of his wife, and in this business I will be her defender. An infamous suspicion has been cast upon her: I must do what l ean to remove it." re MM s t a ti a « . . .... . my may, cauea tut the old man, visibly jtrembling, ' I appeal to you, as my lord's second self, to forbid this gentleman from entering these inner apartments It must not be." ) "Be firm, Blanche," whispered Mr. Ravens- worth, as she oame forward ; " I must enter, and it is for your sake. Trust to me." She turned to the steward. " I am sure that Mr. Bavensworth is aotiug for the best. Open the door." : For one moment the old man hesitated, and then he wrung his bands. . " That I should be forced to disobey the wife of my lord i My lady, I crave your pardon, but I may not open these rooms." ! Mr. BavensworLh bade her remain where she was, near the door. He then went to obtain the Skeleton key frm the peliceinau, one that would open any lock, and cam. back with it. "Now," said Ve to Lady Level, M you will oblige me bygoing down stairs again to year sitting-room. Leave rest to me." | .The old mm oppos.i-itiui with all bis feeble bower, but he had lost courage. ' I am a oeter- mined man, Mr. Drewitt, when I believe that I U acting in the liae of duty," remarked Mr. ! Bavensworth, as he uuchd the door; " I think there £s no necessitv to call the officers down stairs to iiaL.w 1 !(Bentley's Miscellany." — — f | If a milkmaid 4v high, while sitting on » three-legged stool, tohk lour pintsof milk frem of Alfceen cows, what was the size of the field, and what was; the girl's age? Parties sending correct answers (with 10s ) will receive this journal for one year. 