I MISCELLANEOUS ITEMa; A Kot her IMI'bessiox.— Wc woro under tbo im pression Unit " the notorious Tliundorbolt " died " from a shot delivered ' by Constable Walker, who gallantly nttomptcd bis apprehension somo months iico. From a statement published in Tuesday's Tclcijreph, it appears that the bushranger refcred to is "still in tbo lend of . tlio living." Under the bniidimr. " The Notorious Thunderbolt," our con- temporary observes: — "This desperate rulliun, so well known a few yours ago in the New .England district, has again conic to grief, ond in consequoneo of a 1 burglary in which lie took n very active part, oven going to tho length of firing ..twico upon the uppro- i bending police, ho is uow in durance vile for the term 1 of ten years. It will, therefore, bo a long time beforo 9 this enterprising person will be ublo to laugh at tlio 3 police ngain, or bo the terror of travellers and wayside 13 innkeepers." — D. D Gazette. a A Cimiops Stohy.— In tbo last number of tho | China Overland Mail wo find the following A I curious story is in circulation nmongst the Chinese — I curious as 'it 'relates to tlio alleged appearand) of the I murdered man's spirit asking for redress. Some time I ago, a junk sailed from Iloifoong, containing a number of coolies for tbo barracoons of Macao. Having arrived there, the live cargo was quickly disposed of, and the t captain received os freight something ovorl,000 dollars. | This incited the helmsman and-sorac ol the orow to I lengf iJbomselves with two piralieid junks to nltiiek I i |,e Mfsnd to rob Hie enptuiu of tho money. Two or i three flUys since the junk left Macao, going back to j Iloifoong. On the way near Chang Chow, the two 3 pirates hove in eight, und tho helmsman sicered close 3 up to thi'in, when the pirates boavded tho junk, killed I Iho captain, and throw him overboard. Hero comes | tbo mysterious port of tho story. Tlio muster of llio 1 Luk Kec burraeuon ono night dreamed a dieum, i.i 1 which lie saw the gliost of the murdered innn before | him; saying ho had boon murdered, that ho wus robbed S of llio money, nnd that lio wished the burracoon master H to complain and try to obtnin redress for him, which U 1,0 thought would not be difficult, ns the pirates were S sniling oir Chang Chow. On tho strength of this H dronnt, tho barrneoon tnnster complained to tho ill Portuguese authorities, who sent out gunboat, and the 1 pirates woro found at tbo spot indicated by the ghost. f. It is enid that- tho crow of tho attacked junk (who hud $ come to Hong Kong since tho robbery) had gone ovir I to Miiono ; one of them was tho brother, of the defeased S and hud been out in sovornl places. "Whether thoro is. m any truth in the stutement of the appearenco of tbo 4«S ghost or not, tlio luuts of the robbery and capture uro AJ correct. . . m The Model Republic. — Tlio New York journals ''a call attention to the unusual prevuleneo of mur'dor m |I tlmt eitv. Life is said to bo held cheaper tlicro than it M lias ever been beforo in American history, even 'n the -f most lawless districts of tlieWost or South. Criminal m homicides are recorded pretty nearly every day. 61 Km., is the comnluint that reaches us from tho other side of the Atlantic. , ' . The Kiss Quadbillei — Tho capital of tho nation , (snvs the fan Francisco Chronicle ) delights, this winter, iu a new sensation. Polite, society rejoices in a dunco called the "Kiss Quadrille;" when it comes | to "swinging corners" eneli gentleman kisses his I partner; the grand promonudo isn kiss uli round ; you j ehassez to tho other s do and you kiss your visa-vis.' 1 " Grand Chain " is a grand salute, and whon it comes | to tho jig everybody kisses everybody. Ab a delicious j teiqiischoreiin innovation, this is decidedly an im- ! pro' ement on the art of modern tripping tho light ' fantastic toe, and gives varirty tn tlio mazy dunce. lt is the next beet tiling to the sports und gnmeB und plays of quillings, upplo- purings and coru-buskings of our boyhood's happy days/. Verily society, like history, repents iteelf. A ' Shakeb " Diboiplb in Coubt. — A respect nblv dressod young man »« among rhe applu-nntg to llio inugistruiu nt tlio YVcstminstcr Police-court for advice,' He said ho was a member of a congregation of worshippers called " Bible Christians," or more vulgarly denominated , " ShokcrB," and on Sunday evening largo numbers of persons who had nothing to do with tho congregation were in tlio habit of at tending outside tbo chapel nnd annoying tlio worship pers. Ill the courso of 1 lie inquiry the following eon- vcrsntion took place between the applicant und tho magistrate. Mr. Woolrycli: \Vliero is the chapel situate? Applicant: In Collins-streot, Chelsea. Last night, as t.ho congregation left, they were pelted with bugs of limo nnd other missiles, nnd I myself was efi. ,k. Is anybody here lo complain besides your- eei.'? No; the others wore so injured by tho lime tliat iney uro unaoiu io icuvo tniir nomes. vviiui. is tlio society and its form of worship P Wo meet to read und expound tho Scriptures. Is thoro a minis ter? Yes. A rnun or a wemnn ? A woman. What does she do? She reads tho Scriptures, and some times when sho is exerted ut ull, unothor person takes up tho discourse. What does the congregation num ber? About u hundred, lluvo I not hcufd of dis- I turbunces ut Ihis place before? There is generally a \ disturbance on Sunday evonings. Can you account J for that? No; except that the form of worship j ihll'ers. from other religious communities. It consists | hi 'jjk.-. manifestation of. tho Spirit, which takes i etlcPWy!/) different ways. How do you. mcur| ? — To | tell trie truth, I am only a young hand, and havobcon J a member till ee months, and in that time huvo bcon 3 moved by the Spirit. I linvo been afieotod in tho 3 urins and legs, and they have moved voluntarily 3 about from side to side and in all directions without j any action of mine. Anything else? — YesPIhure I been under tho inflnonco of the Spirit at other times, 3 in bed and oilier places. Do tbeso manifestations 1 pervade the whole congregation ? — In some measure, | out in different degrees aiid in different ways, as tbo Spirit directs and moves thciu. That being so, might | not your next noigbbourhnve struck you tho blow you > :oin plain of? If arms were thrown wildly ubaut, vouid you not come in collision? — Oil, yes; this was done in tho street with slaok limo, and tlioroforo it could not havo been dono by ono of tlio congregation. Do you know the names of any of tho persons?— I don't, unfortunately, uor do unv of llio others who are hurt. It certainly is very singular that you have not obtained them. — Wo could not, arid thoro wus not a policeman to bo found anywhere. I complain of it bocauso not only the congregation but tlio publio are ussaultcd in this way. You certainly havo a right to bo protected from outrages of this description, and 1 will ilowhat I can to assist you. (To tho inspector tn court) : I wi-lr you to see to this manor ; somo atton- tion should I o paid lo it. The inspector said that the ease hud nlrrndy received tho special uttont'on of tl|ji polioe. 'Tho applicant then left the court. AstRUiosN Coubt Incidents: — On u certahv ooca- sion, tlio counsel took some oxueptiim to i.lio, ruling of ' the court on a certain point, and a dispute, arose. If tho cuurt >)leaio,",.siiid the equnsul, " l wish to refer to this'book a.niomonl," ui tliq siiino tiino picking up a law book. " TliereV no' use o you ivfiirring.tq Any books !"' oxelniined tlio; court angrily. I have de-t bided tbo p'nt ?" " " But, your hbribf," persisted: the, attorney. " Now, 1 don't wniit to hear jitiy further on ' tho subject 1" yelled tlio court. , "I tell- you nguih I : havo decided the p'nt !" " 1 tell you you aro iVrong!" retorted the counsel. ." I am right!" 'roitrrqioiL .the court." " Dlirn ii iiigger if I iitn't I say you ain't !" porsistcd tlio couiniul, " Crier!" yo'ded the judgo, I adjourn this court for ton minutes 1" And jumping from iho bench, ho pitched into the couitsol; and.' after, , a vory lively-lit tlo light, plnoud him hors da comhati aftor which business was resumed... .,But it was.., -not; long before anothor misiin'dcrstanding arose. 1 " Crier," said . lite court, ",wq„\yi|| adjourn this.tinio for.tyi'oiit.v minutes 1" Aiul ho was about linking oil' his coat." .whan tho eousel «nid— " Never mind, judge — judgo — keep your scat. Tho p'nt is yieldod. Afy thumb's out of j'ut, aud l'vo sprained my shoulder." — American Taper. . . ll- Editobs as ijoliticiansi — Our; own opinion is that the duties' of a journalist; ai.d tbo duties of a political manager are not compatible Junctions. The journalist, even when lie takes' -sides' ;.witli a- party, should ei ill ondear ur lo bii independent and 'impartial in his judgments. ' II is"- business is' to inform tbo publio of tlio nctunl o.inditioii of things, avon though lie may, at. the satbo tiino, strive to'-guido it to ibis own way ol thinking. But. this lio cannot do if lie make himself responsible for <U' party or notion by taking an uotivo part in its managouioiit. His feel ings bccomo interested in the success of his schemes, and he is inclined .either to ... conceal uufqvoupablu events, or to exaggerate the importation and bearing of thoso that uro favourable.— Fete York livening,.. Post. Extbaoudinaby Escape from a Shark.— Somo of tlio talcs told of tho Gulf St. Vincout sharks sound so much liko romaiieuuthnt really' many persons aro disposed to treat " Nobby " witli an incredulous smilo when -be hinds from tho lishiug-ground with a tale of " seeing a shark 30lt. long." At the head of the gulf .at tho present timo the. voracious monsters uro in great numbors, but only an occasional straggler is soon in tlio roadstead. 'There was ono turned up on Wednesday night in a most unpleusaiit mannqr, when it molested a midshipman of tlio Clio. It uppciirs I hat the young officer, had paddled iu n.eanao u» tar as the Semaphore' Jetty,' thou' made a- bound among the vessels in the .anchorage, and '-finally wus returning on board. On Hearing the vessel a shark nttaekod his liny craft, and completely crunched a holo through tho bottom. The shark, of course, (apstzed tho wholo concern, nttd tho tho wbndor is how tho midshipman over escaped, but it is supposed his shurkship in biting through plunk and limbers diversified by an occasional copper nail, had formed no agreeable relish for what was evidently intended for an evening repast. Instantly on the signalman observing tho accident the gig pulled to the spot, nnd rescued tho youngster with the mutilated oiittoe. Rather u lesson this for recalcitrant ' Jacks" who, to desert, would fain swim ashore from vessels ut; unehor outside. — faulh Australian Advertiser. Milk as a Remedial Agent. — An iniorrstiiig article upon t his subject lately appeared in tho London A: ilk Journal, in which it is stated, on tho authority of Dr. Benjamin Clark, that- in the East Indies warm milk is used to a great extent, as aspucific for diarrhoea. A pint every four hours will uhcck tho most violent diurrhcea, stomach actio, incipout cholera, and dysonbry, This milk should novor be boiled but only, heated sufficiently to bo agreeably warm, but not too hot to drink. Milk whiult bus bcou boiled is- unfit for uso. This writer gives several instauces to show tlio . value of milk in arresting disease, lio says: — "It bus never failed in curing me in six or twclvu hours, and I huve also given it la a dying man who had been sub- ject.to dysuutry eight months, lutterlv uccompuniud by one continued dim rliaiu, und it acted upun liim liko a eliurm. In two duys bis diarrhoea was gone, in three weeks ho was a hale, fut man ; nnd nuw nothing that cun hereafter occur will ever shako hi l faith in hot milk. A writer also comuiunieutcs iu the Medical Times and Gazette a statement of tho value of . milk in twenty-six euses of typhoid fevor, in every onq of which its great value was- apparent. It- checks diarihoL'ti, and nourishes and cools iho body. Peoplo suffering from disease require food quite us much us those in health, mill much more so iu certain diseases where there, s rapid ivasto of sjstcin. Frequently all ordinary food in contain diseases is rejected' by the stomach, and even loathed by the palioiit, but nature over bennficicut, has furnished a food that iu all discuses is bonclicial— in some directly curative. Such food is milk. Gold Separator. — A trial of Mr, Charles York's quicksilver eriidlo, l'or saving gold, wus mudo on Satur day, on tho. vacant pieoo of ground -adjoining 'Viokdry 'a buildings. There wore about fifty porsous present. Tho cradle is a combination . of quicksilver and copper plutos, shaking table inside, ai d Hungarian ripplos, whiob are the usual uiiplmuces for suving gold. About u load of s'ulf,. containing, throe .bags of tin aud iron sand, wus sluiced, but, owing to the inadequuto supply of water, tbo test was not us satisfactory ns could bo wished, although several specks of gold were obtained in tbo wusbings. Another trial will take place in a few days. 