THE HAUNTED HOUSE ONT THE PAE1IA MATTA EIVER. It »ns on tbe 2oth December, 1851, that some friends residing iu aud near -ydney urranged for a iiic-nic up the Pttrriima-ta HiTcr, at a spot fumed for ite pic turesque beauty It was to bo a seecfc party, auii scvein! high oiEciolB and members of Parliament and tbeir fumiiies were to bo present. At en early hour prcpara'ious vrera progrcseing rapid y. Mrs. Ellertou's cook had the hamper packed belore breakfast and was lookiDg out for the dinner r.jils that had I'een oidered. Mr. --u5sell was in Li« well starched collar at eight: o'clock to select tbe wines tu ha u red on the occasion ; aad Mrs. Morris, who was rather proud of her bouse keeping powers, hod quite ruado up her mind, aud told her daughter, too, that her chiiJcen pie, lobster ealad, gooseberry tart, and the rest cf her choice dishes were superior to auy that could be produced by auyiody else tbut day. t eleven o'clock all had assembled on board Ihe Firefly, a small Eteamer chartered for the occasion. Old aud young had met together resolved to enjoy themselves to the fullest exturjt, and for one brief any at lea:-t to ' ' drive duil care away.' Ail looked bright aud happy, and ihe little steamer sped on its wey through the smooth waters us eonie people poem to g-lino down life's slream, without a Caj'o or sorrow ; hut, like the Euudows oa the silvery rivulet, shadows will sometimes throw themselves across the paths of the happiest of earth's mortals, remind; i -£ them that ibis world is cot their home. Am I expected to give a minute account of the party now tilting in groups under the awning of the Firefly ? Must I tell hunr fresh and lovely Helen Duality looked, as Bhe and her lively cousin Kutc listened with eager ness to tho tales and adventures related by one of the youDg officers of H.M.S. Blunderbuss ? Is it needful to say how jolly Dr. Lucan appeared, or how hie amiable wife was endeavouring to describe her recent visit to Europe to an old German lady who had been out in the colon] since childhood, and could hardly understand tbe wonderful changes that had taken place in tbe Fatherland? I tbisk my readers would rather hare some of thn details of this merry party left to bo filled in by their own fertile imaginations. Tho wooded banks of the river are swiftly passed and ?many n yuchtor other sailing craft left behind, only to catch op again, as the wind freshened, to the Firefly ere another mile had been traversed. Bat now the point is passed where the pleasure seekers had to land and spend, the day. It was a lovely spot, the banks high and rocky here And gently sloping there, with shrubs and ferns growing luiuriant'y ia tbe deep hollows. £e:ect patches of verdure were to bo found, almost washed by the rippliog. waters of the re taining tide ; and to one of these little lawns our gay party betook themselves. The servants, directed by aome of the useful members of the party, soon com menced their preparations forthedinaer, a very impor tant creut in the day's* proceedings. The wines hud to be iced, tbe salad dressed, tho fire made to boil the potatoes, all the good things unpacked and spread on the damask tablecloths to look as much as passible like a grand entertainment Out of doors. This is Burely a mistake. If holiday seekers could pnt their dinner tables and appendages out of their heads for a time, and content themselves with Bund wicheBandfroitjCasilypackedandaonveyedtatheirsylvan retreat, how much time and trouble would be saved, how much more leisure would Materfamilus have to rest and enjoy nature and all ber beauty, instead of putting iiortelf and Betty, the cook, into a fever for a week previous, in case tier contributions should not come up to her neighbours' in point of culinary perfection. ' Dinner in loss than an hour, young 'people;*' cried Mra. /.Her ton, as she saw a group of merry faces look ing oror tho rocks above her. . ' And we eball certainly not wait for yon,' added her husband, as betook tbe morning's paper from his pocket and, with spectacles on, betook himself to a quiet nook. On a heap of shawls, to enjoy, as he declared, a peaceful bolt- hour for the first tune that morning. &IisB; Beauchamp wandered along tho wooded path, accompanied by some of her young irieadB, ; until they left Hie rest of their party far behind, when they came in sight of a large bouse, having a very neglected and desolate appearance. The gardens were overgrown with weeds, and the broken fences covered with creeping 'plants, while shrubs and frnit trees grew in luxuriant fiiBorderarouud. At a short distance. ffom this neglected dwi?lling stood a cottage, whitewashed and trim; and to this bumble abode Aunt Jessie, as she was called by her young favouritcB, directed her steps. She was met at the door by a comely Irish woman, whose conntenanco bespoke: good humour and kindliness. It was evident to tbe listeners that these two had met before, tot in quiries and answers passed rapidly between them. At length Miss Beaucsamp asked why the house was not inhabited and in better repair. ' Wra. Eeilly replied that its owner. Captain Power, had tried to let it. 'Bat sure, miss, it is of no uBe, for everyone far and near says it is haunted ; and when a barrister from Sydney camo down and took it, he had to give it up long before the year had expired, for bis wife was so s'ckly and nervous that slie declared there were ghosts going up and down stairs all the nigbt ! ' ' Do tell us what all thia means ? ' exclaimed Helen. ' 'Perhaps this goed woman will give us some account of the family she has served for mauy years,' said Aunt JeBcie. J I merely knew them when they first arrived in tbe colony and lived next us for some time. Kathleen Trovers ires Ihcn young and blithe aa you are, He'en,' 'Well, miss,' Baid Mrs. Eeilly, 'it is an old story now ; but sure it seems but as yesterday to me since old Mr. Travers died. He was a clergyman, and hod a fine living in the county Limerick. Just before a sad event took place that caused rich and poor to mourn. His eldest daughter, who was my fr&ter; sister, was married to her couan Captain power. She was as good -u she was handsome. . bat-it was Miss Kathleen wbo Was the favourite arid pride of the family. Oh ! when I speak of ber it makes my heart aefcet*) think of all ebc went through. The Captain sold out of the army and brought his family to Australia. He always had a great desire for sheep farming, and bought a fine station on the Muiray. Miss Kathleen accompanied them, for nothing could persuade her to remain behind, although her aunt, Lady Hochford, promised tj leave her all her tortune if she would only consent to live with, her in Dublin ; and, indeed, she bad an elegant house in Mer rion c-quare. 'But our darling preferred a rough hush home, where she could, as she said, assist and cheer her sister np. And we'J did she keep her promise ; for a happier home was not to be found, up or down the banks of the Murray. Well do I know it, for you see, Iwas with the family all the time. Pat -was overseer. We were married a few weeks before sailing from Liverpool, and Miss Kathleen was my bridesmaid ; and by the same token she gave me this locket with her father's and mother's hair it it, bless her heart ! It was before the r*omiJy went up the country, miss, thAt we lived near your aunt Mrs. Beauchamp, in Macquarie-street, and sure yon arc right in saying that Miss Kathleen was merry and happy, like these young ladies. H you could only bavc seen her along our weary journey tj the Hurray. She was like our guardian angel, as Father O'Shen would have add. When Mrs. Power was com pletely cast down and wishing, as sure anybody would wish that they bod never left old Ireland, our darling laughed and joked at all onr litt.e misfortune?, as she called them. She was the first amonget us who con d make a damper— that is, one that was fit to eat. She nnrsid and played with the baby, and always put Miss Lina to sleep when her mamma and I could make no hand of ber. Then, on tbe station, who was it helped me churn the butter ? Who kept the accounts aa well as the schoolmaster in the parish could have done p And who was it who was ever ready to help the traveller and the poor man looking for work ? Ah ! it was Kath. leen Trover?, the best young lady in the world, and sure I have seen a few of them. Oh 1 wisha, I conld talk of her oil (Jay for the matter of that Two yeare ofter wo went to live on the Murray tho owner of the next sUtion returned borne, and bis nephew, youne Norman Gray, was sent to manage Pine HilL I am but a poor woman, ?HissBganeuamp, without any Jearuing^ bntetilll don't like, to bear people from the old country reflecting aa they often do on the young men in this co'ony — ** coo mala,' as they &iUihem.; Why should they not be aa good as tiieir forefathers, I'd like to know f Is it be cause my little eons Mick and Iim were born out in Australia that they are not to be as honest, good, and brave us their uncles who fought in the Peninsular War ? Mr Norman Gray was born and bred in New South Wul-a, audafiu-r young man was not to ba seen, no, ns Pat says, not even in the cennty of Limerick. He was a real gentleman. No one wa3 ablo to beat him in any work he wished to -1 - ; and Fine Hilt was the best mun-igud station then on the Murray, sure it was soon M iss Ksfcblwn found that out, aud advised Cap tarn power to try the same plane, for you see the Oaptain was cot much of a haul amongst cattle, cheep, or horses, ex cept driving- his bug£y about ; eo Ma station was not paying well at this time. Af ter.thoy became Beio-hbonrg things improved, for afr. Norman pavo his ostiitance end advice. I must not Bay too uiucli about these happy times, happy for us nil, but thrice hnppy lor onr.aevr young lady, for Pat Bays when t begin lean never t-top. We had be»n four years up tbe country when it «t,j made knoiro to all the friends at homo. that hi iss Kath ? leeu was to marry Mr. Gray. Cnptain and Mra Power were well pleased at it ; but as litt o Lina, their eldest child, hod been ailing for some time, it was thought better that the ftunily should come near the sea for a cViftngi-. So this Jit-tlp property wasbonghtby theagent down here, aud uf ter we were quite settled Mr. I- orman Gray joiucd the party Uo wished his marriage to take place tn Sydney. After two mcnths.had passed the day wzs fixed for it. I could not tell, miss, all the beautiful presents our young lady received. Even her aunt bad forgiven her for preferring a bush life to living in her well furnished mansion. The old lady wrote that there was co accounting for young: ladies' fancies uow-a-days, but when she has young they hod iust to do as they were bid. However she sent her neico fine pref onts and a large sum of money At th» time they were all here this was ii very pretty place, and many a pleafiaut hour was speut by the family in boating and fishing.' Pat conld euil a beat tvel , as lie had often done before in Cork harbour; bo tbe Captain always took him with him. rometiuies they all ma-le excursions into tbe country, and took their victuals bH!j them. Balhowcan I finish iny story ? I must hurry over it or my heart will break. A week before the wedding was to take place Mr, Noriuan heard of his uncle's death, and that he bad left him a large property iu Coylon, a coffee plantation I think they called it ; but it bad been baJly mantiged, and his agent taid it required bis presence. He urged that his marriage must take place first, ba: Ouptain Power would not hear of is untii his return. So, after many sad scenes, it was arranged that Mr. Norman should leave for five or six months. Bnt oh, miss, ho never returned. The ship foundered at sea, and nil hinds nvre lost. When the news reached us here, it seemed too dreadful to be true. I mm; jn'it pass over many months. Captain and Mrs. Posver went hack to Ireland, and thought Miss JKathleea would of course go with them, but when all was or rungod. and thn vessel on the point of sailing for Europe she refnsed to go, saying she would never leave Australia Tkey did all they could to pwsuade her to change her mind, mitto ui purpose.' My master and mistress were ob'iged to go home on business of some importance, ana i'at ' and I were to hare the cottage and orchard at a small rent ; and we were to look utter tbe house, ^o you see, miss, that our poor voting- lady uefcermii.ed to stay with mo. There was no help lor it. She was junt let do as she liked, aad for two years at least she wandered about tho house and garden , for all the wcr'.ri like a ghost. The p'sxa got from this the name of hAug haunted ; but I have often Bii i to Put, that it would be well if every house wan haunted by as quiet and gentle a spirit as our dear Miss Kathleen 6. The Powers iiid not return, in consequence of the Captain's continued i ]nes4, and at length, in reply to her sisters lepented entreaties, tho dear brokta. hearted girl consented to go home. Xbero she has devoted herself to aorks of charity ; and, wherever a sick or poor person is to be heard of, there will Miss Travers ke found, ministering t» their wants. This place, as well ae the station, will soon be for tola, and we are only waiting to hear by ucxt mail, what our master's wishes are ' . . ' Oh ! do let us go through the Itouso,' exclaimed the young people at once, and Mrs lieilly giving her con Bent, off they, went, followed by Auat Jessie, poarfer mg on nil she had heard, by the time they returned to the rest of the picnic party, dinner was ready, and trait ing. Question followed question as to where, they bad been so ong, but Aunt Jessie Raid little, and .the prirls felt too sad to talk much, EO no explanation was, girea. ,; . ? -ix weeks after the picnic, as Miss Beauchnmp sat in her little parlour, writing letters for tho Kngluh mail, he maid came to tell her that a person wished to speak with her. * ' Show ber iu here,' said Annt Jessie , and as the door opened, she perceived at a glaucn that it was Mrs. Beilly, of the 'Haunted Houbo,'' as Aunt Jessie's young friends had named ber. A bright, happy smile was oo her countenance, and in her hand she held alerter which she looked at fondly from time to time. ; '*[ thought, miss, you|wonld perhaps like to bear tbe pood news we have bad; so. I have just come to tell you. Mr. Norman is still, alive I He- was uaved from the - wreck of the vessel bound for Oylon ; bnt was taken prisoner by somo Malay pirates, and detained four long- 'years on-one of their ^islands, and, as Mrs. Power writes me, was shamefully treated, so much so that his health Was injured, if not ruined. He at length mjrte his escape, and was brought ;to London, It was -bisintentiou, ill as he felt,. to takif bis passage at once in the first vessel, leaving for Sydney. Bat bearing by chance that all thjse he W;d beet were in Dublin, he hastened there ; and Pat has been written to by Mr. Gray to have the 'Haunted House' putinorderes soon as possible, as he has i-ur- chased it from Captan Power, and 'he and -Mrs, Ggay are to be out in thi«c6nntry soon.' Suro, miss, I'm almost' beside -myself] to think that we:ihall.xndoed have out dear yonng' lady with us 'again. 'They' say she is very quiet now* 'and -does. not smile as-often'.as she did in former' Jdays ; tint Pat is sure that when she is jiving once mow in tbe did place; .all will be right.'! - And Pat was ? correct in -ias , prophecy, for, 4 few' months after, ths ''Haunted Honse' met jnbabintd by Norman Gray and' toia wife, who, if not as merry fas of old, felt contented and thankful for die merciful escape of her teeVed' Norman. ,;-?? ??' ?! ; ; 