Week ending August 2. An emergency meeting of the Queensland Lodge of Freemasons, E.C., was held in the lodge-toom on Saturday evening last, for the purpose of receiving a special visit from the D.G.M. (Bro. A. C. Gregory), and D. G. officers. The ceremonies of the evening were very beautifully and impressively gone through, being much enhanced by the services of Bro. Cox on the harmonium. The labours of the evening being concluded, the D.G.M. and his oeicers, with the visit ing brethren-of whom there was a large muster were invited to partake of refreshment, the committee room of the School of Arts having been engaged for that purpose. Bro. George Wright catered for the occasion, and provided a handsome and well-laid refection, to which full justice was done by the brethren present. A few appropriate toasts were given and responded to, and a very pleasant hour was spent. The traffio earnings of the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending July 19 were as follows : -Passengers fares, £434 3s. 3d.; goods and live stock, £1350 7s. 2d.; parcels and miscellaneous, £66 12e. 8d. ; total, £1851 18s. id. The receipts for the cor respording week of last year were as follows:--Pas sengers farce, £452 7s. 6d.; goods and live stock, £953 4s. Gd.; parcels and miscellaneous, £40 9s. 9d.; total, £1446 is. 9d. Showing an increase in favour of the past week of £405 lle. 4d. Another death by drowning in the Pioneer River is recorded in the Mackay paper. Scarcelya week passes now but some unfortunate man meets with his death attempting to cross the river. The victim on this occasion was a man named Seeby, who was working on the north side of the river. On Sunday last be left for his home on the opposite side, at half-past 7 at night. Nothing more was heard of him till next morning, when some Polynesians working for Mr. Spiller found his body in the river. The unfortunate man was slightly under the influence of drink, and it is eonjectured that lie fell off his horse while in the river and thus got drowned. He was a married man, generally known to be sober as well as industrious, and it is painful to know that lie has left a wife and six young children to mourn his untimely departure from among them. An important discovery of fossil remains has been made at Gowrie Creek. They consist of the head, fore leg, and foot-bones of an extinct species of gigantic mammalian animal, named by Professor Owen, in 1844, Diprotodon Australia. Many remains of this animal have been discovered in various parts of the Darling Downs district, and particularly at King's Creek and Gowrie. From these fossils Professor Owen has from time to time been enabled to proceed with the construction of a complete skeleton ; but for many years past he has been unable to procure the foot-bones now brought to light at Gowrie. He is in debted to G. B. King, Esq., and a Toowoomba gentle man for the latter discovery, and we are pleased to learn that the whole series will be sent home by the next mail. The emu is beginning to assert a right to his " native heathb' with an amount of-orce that proves how much he has been benefited by civilization. An siptance of the energetic resistance which the bird ers to any further encroachments of humanity on its domain recently occurred (says the Wagga ,agga paper) on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last when he came upon a flock of about thirty emas. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him one portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu-a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the grouund which his forefathers ihad trod unmolested, save by the oceanional spear of the blackfellow. Mr. Robbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their ap proach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, how over, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well- directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about fire yards' distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appelles tion of " The Fool," from the back of the trap. " The Fool" considered himself equal to the oceasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Robbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. A magisterial inquiry was held by the Brisbane Police Magistrate on Monday and Tuesday into the circumstances attending the death of Mary Maber, who was found drowned on Saturday morning last in a tank on the premises of the Farmers' Arms Hotel, One-mile Swamp. The evidence was to the effect that the deceased, who was a girl of sixteen years, was employed by Mr. Casey, proprietor of the hotel, as a domestic servant. At half-past 9 o'clock on Friday evening some female neighbours came to the hotel to complain of certain stories which they said the girl had been repealing to Mrs. Casey as coming from them. On deceased, who was in one of the bedrooms, hearing of their errand, she became agi tated, and cried out, " Oh, God! now I'll be killed." She then went out into the passage, and Mrs. Casey entered the room to speak to the woelen. Sheshortly afterwards called to deceased to "come in," but re ceived no reply, and the visitors went away. At 11 and 12 o'clock the same night Mrs. Casey, going ito the yard, repeatedly called deceased by name, but receiving no answer on either oceanion, she thought the girl had gone home to heol parents, and went to bed. About 8 o'clock next morning, on opening the back door, Mrs. Casey observed a pair of boots and a nearf, which had been worn by deceased, lying on the tank, which was uncovered. She immediately called her husband out of bed, telling him that" she thought Mary was in the tank," but hbe laughed at the idea till he saw the boots and scarf. Deceased's mother and her brother, Michael Maher, were at once sum. moned, and on the tank being dragged by the latter the body of deceased was found in it. Dr. Blundell, of South Brisbane, who made apost.mortem examina. tion of the body on Saturday afternoon, stated that the girl had evidently died from drowning, and there were not the slightest markL of violence on the body. It is notgenerallyknown (aGeelongeontemporaryre. marks) that a good substitute for the domestic cat may be found in one of the birds of the colony. Mr. Jones, hairdresser of this town, had a laughing-jackass in troduced into his aviary some months ago. At first he hesitated whether it would be advisable to retain the now occupant, whose plumage and wild cries were not particularly attractive, but a visitor from a remote part of the district removed his scruples by recommend ing him, if he was troubled with mice, to let the bird have the run of his establishment. The advice was taken, and in a very brief time both mice and rate, which previously were very troublesome, began to dis appear. Mr. Jones states that on several occasions he has observed the bird- which is now domesticated watching quietly, and then suddenly pouncing upon its prey, and that, not only does it devour live mice in a wholesale fashion, but also young rate. The fact may be useful to ornithologists as well as owners of aviaries, who, although molested with mice and rats, have had hitherto to put up with the infliction, rather than risk the introduction of a still more formidable enemy to both birds and vermin. A Melbourne weekly of the 19th instant, in an article founded on the annual report for 1872-3 by Mr. Walter Hill, says :--" Mr. Hill's reports are always interesting, instructive, and thoroughly practical. His aim and object is now, as it has always been since he first took charge of the Brisbane Botanical Garden some eighteen or nineteen years ago, to introduce, cultivate, and induce others to cultivate such plants as were suited to the climate and likely to prove commer cially valuable. In this way and in making known the capabilities of the country by the exhibition of the raw and manufactured products to residents in the neighbouring colonies and the world at large, Mr. Hill has ever been an indefatigable worker. The large, varied, and interesting collections of Queensland pro ducts shown at the various international and inter colonial exhibitions-and shown too in such a form as to convey accurate knowledge of the industrial re sources of the country-have done more to make Queensland known, and known favourably, than all the volumes that have been written and printed. The report contains some really valuable suggestions. The conclusion of the report is calculated to inspire feelings of regret that a gentleman so well qualified, zealous, Sand laborious in promoting the best interests of the country should have cause to complain of the want of skilled and clerical assistants to enable him to manage the department over which he presides, as he desires it should be." A competitive examination of primary school boys, for six scholarships in the Brisbane Grammar School, was held at the Normal School on July 17 and 18. Candidates had been invited from the principal primary scbools in the colony, but only the Brisbane schools were represented. The following were the successful candidates, the names being given according to the marks awarded by the examiner, Mr. Anderson : Master Ledger, St. James's non-vested school, Bonn dary-street; Master Sydney Jones, Normal School Master Macintosh, South Brisbane Primary Sohool Master John Hayes, St. James's non-vested schools Master Moore, Normal School; and Master O'Carrol, Normal School. Only three primary schools produced candidates for the competitive examination for scholar ships-via., the Normal School, the South Brisbane (vested), and St. James's (non-vested) primary schools. Of these, the Normal sent in twelve pupils, of whom three were successful; St. James's school, six pupils, two of whom gained scholarships ; and the South Brisbane school, two pupils, one of whom succeeded. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that a requisition has been presented to Mr. George Bashford by a large number of the electors of Bundanba to allow himself to be nominated to repre sent them in the ensuing Parliament. He has com plied with the request; but wishes it to be understood that should a better man possessing the same views come forward to represent the working classes, and one having an interest in agricultural pursuits, he will withdraw in his favour. The Hospital Committee beg to acknowledge, withl thanks, the receipt of £4 collected by Mr. J. C. Ihle, Fernvale. The winter show of the East Moreton Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held in Brisbane on Thursday last, and was in some departments an im provement upon former exhibitions, though in others a great falling off was apparent. The muster of live stock was small, and inferior in quality : but farm and dairy produce were well represented. The Courier re port states:--"In cheese, butter, bacon, and ham there was a very great improvement on previous shows, both in the quality and make up of the ex hibits. The majority of the samples of butter had an excellent flavor, and an article of the same quality, which could be supplied in sufficient quantity at a reasonable price, would very soon drive imported butter completely out of the market. The cheesegave great satisfaction to the judges. The collection of hams and bacon was unquestionably the beet that ha. been shown here. The exhibits, not only of the prize takers, but also those of all the competitors, were ex cellent. Some enormous hams and sides were sent by Meesrs. Tyler and Chivers, of Ipswich, for exhibition only. Their size was a matter of astonishment to most of the visitors, and before they were labelled a great many believed thatthey were not of Queensland growth." In the fruit and vegetable sections Mr. W. Vowles took several prizes, as well as in the poultry department. Mr. James Clements, of North Ipswich, exhibited his corn-husker, which attracted much atten tion, and was uuiversally approved of. The following is the medical report of the Ipswich Hospital for the week ending July 3t :-Remaining last week, 36; admitted since, 1 male; remaining, 25 males 12 females-total, 37; out-door patients, 8. The two aboriginal convicts, Sandy and Johnny, who attempted to make their escape from St. Helena, were captured by the warders at half-past 6 o'clock on Thursday morning. They were discovered among the cane, where they had lain concealed since Tuesday afternoon, in the hope of getting a chance of swim ming to the mainland. The strict watch, however, prevented this, and their only gain from the frustrated attempt will be a sound flogging each, and a term of solitary confinement. Some exceedingly valuable additions to our heavy mutton-producing sheep have been made by recent arrivals. By the Marietta Mr. Jessop, of Dalby, re ceived some very large handsome Leicester ewes and rams; by the Corinth, Messrs. Kent and Wienholt have received two Leicesters and three Lincolns, the latter being the finest we have yet seen here; and from Tasmania, Mr. Winks, of Mount Flinders, and Captain Walker, of the Wolverine, have imported each fire splendid ram lambs, in full fleece, the length of staple being something remarkable. All the above are now in the quarantine grounds, South Brisbane; and it will be seen by our advertising columns that Captain Walker's small lot are for sale by auction. A contemporary has been informed by Mr. Mae Devitt, IM.L.A., that on the day he left Townsville (Friday week) a schooner arrived in port bringing the sad intelligence of a murder of a fishing party at Green Island. A Mr. Mercer and some otthers had gone to the island from Townsville, accompanied by two aboriginal blacks and a gin; and the captain of the schooner, which was employed in seeking for iehce-demoer in the same locality, found the whites of the party murdered in their camp, the deed having been evidently effected while they were asleep. The blacks were makingoff in a boat belonging to the party when they were overtaken, but they immediately took to the water and made for the land, where they would doubtless lie perdn. 