I ( l_¡_¡_;_ ., j . THURSDAY. MAY 15, 1873. t, -«t» ,..,-,. ! ' ' ' The defeat of Mr. Gladstone's Irish. Uni-1 versíty Bill is an illustration of the fact that mpdern English politics raise questions which .cannot be settled by merely drawing the line between Whig and Tory. We are familiar enough in the colonies with the upsetting of Cabinets on points which do not necessarily 'involve any great or fundamental principle ; but in England Cabinet changes are generally due either to the exhausted ability or popu- larity of the Ministry, or to one of those changes of sentiment and opinion which give the Opposition a majority in the country, j The Irish University Bill, however, has had i he effect of breaking up parties. Old Whigs voted ' against Mr. Gladstone, arid so did uncompromising lladicals, arid a majority was formed consisting bf, elements too incongruous to hold together 'after the division. Mr. Disraeli was "too good a tactician to presume on a chance victory which was not of his organising, and which in nq way strengthened his party. He has at Ma disposal plenty of able men to make a con he'rvative Administration which would com- mand respect, and which would carry on the government efficiently. But a powerful Cabinet is of little use without a majority ; and though a government, strong in itself, has occasionally succeeded in winning over a majority to its side, this is an experiment not to be commended in itself, and one m'ore in harmony with the genius of i ab- solutism than with that of Con-' stituiional government. Mr. Disraeli flatters himself and his party with the notion tliat they are steadily gaining ground ,in English opinion, and that after another general election they will stand better than they do now. They must make very rapid progress, ) however, before they can turn a minority of eighty into a good working majority. This cdn only be achieved by one of those powerful oscillations of public opinion which are always possible, and which may happen at any moment. ' If« the country were to become weary of Mr. GJr.ADSTONi;, who for his own part avows , himself weary of public life-and if Mr. Dis- raeli were to captivate the public by a programme which should solve some existing difficulties, which should establish some reform, and which he could yet make huí party accept as a Conservative measure he might be Premier, and defy oppo- sition. But that is not the state of things at prlesent; and he prefers to wait and watch. The Government, though restored to power, is enfeebled by defeat. It has los" some of its prestige, and is more open to attack ; and tnough the wound inflicted on it was not due to the Tegular action of party pÄnciples, it may have some influence in stimulating the operation of those principles. There can be no doubt ttiat, looked at in the point of view of the Conservative interest, Mr. Disraeli's self restraint was wit>e. To have clutched at the government would simply have promoted a combination of anti-Conservative elements ; and itj would have been unfortunate for the country to have had a Cabinet tempted to have recourse to extraordinary expedients to keep itself in pbwer. i The rejection of the Irish University Bill does not make it easier for the existing, 01, indeed, for any other Government, to carry a more popular measure. The difficulty is one of the legacies of past bigotry, aggravated by the special tone of modern Unltramontanism. Had there from the first been a really national university in Ireland there weuld have been no need now to have constituted one. But the sectarian dominance which so long prevailed in that kingdom made religious equality impos sible. Some years ago the Government aftempted to remedy that evil by establishing tjie Queen's Colleges, but the attempt was not made until too late. The leadsis of the Roman Catholic party opposed them as godless insti- tutions, while they have resented the sup- remacy of Trinity College, Dublin, as that of a sectarian institution. The Bill of the Govern- ment was intended to act as a compromise-to establish a national university, which should be both a teaching and an examining body, which should have affiliated colleges attached to it, and which should act towards the higher education as the national school system acted towards primary education. But the religious difficulty is as potent in the one case as it is in the other. The Secularists disliked the bill because it was not wholly and purely secular. The Roman Catholics disliked it because it made no provision for a Roman Catholic university. Neither of the extreme parties is strong enough tb carry its own purpose, while united they are strong enough to prevent a compromise. The only immediately practicable reform therefore appears to be to widen the basis of Trinity College, and this is the aim of Mr. Fawceii's Bill, which, norn late telegrams, it would ,seom he is likely tb pass through the House of Commons. That at any tate may be made an unsectarian institution if it cannot be elevated to ihe dignity of a national university. 1 The opposition of the Roman Catholics to Mr. Gladstone's bill is likely to be íesented by the general Whig paity, whose defeat it caused, and will certainly not make them more favourable to the establishment of any new sectarian university. Indeed, the time has gone by now for any such institution to be set on foot. The spirit of the age is against it, the drift of public opinion and the necessities of modern Governments cannot be reconciled to it ; and, syllabuses and cncyclitals notwith- standing, modern society will clearly go its own way under the impulse of influences which not the most powerful of Churches is capable of arresting. [ -With a view of conciliating . the Opposition, pir. G4a abtöne'had offered to "omit'-Irom'^the1 culTitítilúW^Modern History; Jana' "Moral Q*hilo<' sophy, although a university so destitute of universality iu its teaching would ¡not deserve the title. But the concession was not enough, and the Ultramontane demand is that there shall be no teaching to Roman Catholics ex- cept in Roman Catholic seminaries. Mr. Chichester Fobtesoue, in appealing to the Roman Catholic members of the House, asked them whether they really meant to take the ground that henceforth no young man of their communion was to receive any education from a Protestant If we take education in a wide sense, and include in it the teaching that comes from reading, we might almost say that there is no English or Irish Roman Catholic who can get his instruction from exclusively Roman Catholic teachers. Setting aside what is learnt from newspapers, magazines, and reviews, which circulate every- where, it may be asked what chance any man has of studying to the best advantage if he will peruse no text-book or treatise that has not íeccived the imprimatur of the Church. There is no need to disparage the many and valu- able contributions to modern literature which have proceeded from the pen of Roman Catholic writers, but it still remains true that most of the great works that are stimulating and recording the advancement of knowledge are by authors outside the pale of that Church. It is practically impossible for a modern student to dissociate himself entirely from the influence of Protestant teachers. It is only a question of how much or how little he will have, and therefore, if schools and mrnemties could be made exclusively Ca- tholic for Catholic scholars, it still would not have the effect of making the whole of life's education exclusively Catholic; and therefore the queslion to be considered is, is it worth while, for the sake of aiming at an impossibility, foi- the members of any particular Church to place themselves in hostility to their fellow ciiizens, to embarrass the action of the Govern- ment and to provoke reprisals. The cry which prevails here for good horse stock is raised in England-England, the very centre of horsebreeding ! The Cleveland mare, the hack that did his eight or ten miles an hour, and the roadster have all become scarce lamentably scarce-scarcely to be had for love or money. The scarcity of horse3 in England is becoming a matter of genera,} anxiety, not only to individuals, but to the Government, who have to make provision for the service of the cavalry and artillery. Such was the out- cry of the EaTl of Rosebery, in moving the House of Lords to pray her Majesty ,to appoint a Royal Commission " to inquire into the condition of the country with regard to horses, and its capabilities of supply- ing any present or future demand for them." A' select committee was substituted for the commission, and the subject was con- sidered important enough to engage the attention oj the Dukes of Cambridre and Richmond, Lords Hai.ii-ax, Landsdowne,' aylesbury, portsmouth, malmesbury, Lucan, Grey, Falmouth, Bessbobo'ugh, and others. lit seems that when commenting on a letter which appeared in our columns a couple of months ago relative to the straits the Home Government would be put to to obtain the 4000 cavalry horses for India, in case the Russian purpose came to a head immediately, we were not far from the mark in conjecturing that some difficulty would be experienced in supplying the number required from home sources. This turns out to be truer than we then supposed, seeing that Lord Rosebery affirmed, and his statement went uncontradicted, that when 2000 transport horses were required to complete the arrangements for the autumn manouvres on Salisbury Plain last autumn, not more t lijan a twentieth could be got in the country, the rest (1250) being pur- chased in France ! If this be true, it is time the British Government looked about them, and it is time, also, that horse-breeding amongst ourselves again assumed the importance it once had. Horse-breeding fell into desuetude because horses were in greater numbers than buyers, but now that the position of the two elements in the trade is reversed, it is time to recommence, as some pastoral gentlemen are already doing. The Earl of Rosebery mentioned some of what he took to be the causes of the scarcity and degeneration of horses. He thought it due to the custom of warranties, which made the farmer liable to have the horses returned on his hands; to the paucity of stud horses, to the free exportation of mares, which in the old posting days, when broken down, were dis- tributed amongst the farmers ; to the enormous exportation of horseflesh, to the abolition of posting. The Irish famine, in 1846, caused a marked decrease in the breed- ing of horses in Ireland. Then followed the Crimean war and the war of 1866. Earl Gi ran ville,doubted the extent of its decrease, but his statements were challenged imme- diately in the papers by persons well qualified to speak on the subject. For instance, the secretary of the General Omnibus Company saj s that in the last twelve years they have purchased 22,024 horses for their business; the average prices in each year have been as follows :-1861, £25 3s. In 1863, the price fell to £23 some odd shillings, and remained at about the same pitch until 1870, when it in- creased to £24, running up to £32 17s. 8d. ia 1872\. " Until 1870," says the secretary, " the company had not purchased a single foreign horse, and had found no difficulty whatever in obtaining as many horses as they required exclusively from the English and Scotch markets. From that date, owing, no doubt, chiefly to the demand arising from the Conti- nental war, the supply gradually decreased, and in the early part of 1871, it almost entirely ceased. At the present time, and during the past eighteen months, the company have, with very few exceptions indeed, obtained nearly all their horses from France, and many of the English dealers who formerly supplied them with horses have been entirely driven out of the trade through their inability to procure horses in the United Kingdom to adapt them- selves to the foreign trade." The evidence of horse dealers, at no times very reliable, may have a certain value in this plan ; they are represented to say that there were more horses lelt unsold after a fair some years ago than are offered for sale at the beginning now. The French Government, too, has cleared off both dams and sires; and the French farmers are supplying the English demand for carriage horses. The Secretary of the Agricultural Society of the most noted hoise breeding English county-Yorkshire-describes the state of tilings to Lord Rosebery, in the following woids:-"Our breeders haVe been tempted lb sell all their best horses for transportation. There is a lamentable want of strong, sound, thoroughbred stallions in the country. The Cleveland mares, from which have usually descended our best, coach horses, and'from whose daughters by, thoroughbred horses' and' again crossed by bjood, have sprung alliont* best'lmntëiTSf'"ai'é''àtiatly'extinct';'juí'fa«t, the foreigners have got them all." Thus the pre-eminence of England as a horse breeding country is passing away, and ian endeavour isj to be made to.check this change and to induce the farmers again to take to the production' of horses which are required " as adjuncts of commerce, implements of agriculture, and engines of war." ' ' Various expedients are suggested to bring about the desired result. Admiral Rous says " Reduce the duty on racehorses from £3 17s. to 12s. 6d." This it is objected might give additional point to the satire. " It is true that you have no horses, but you have racing." Lord Rosebery seemed in favour of placing an, export duty on brood marcs. But Lord Granville considered this would be tanta- mount to removing that stimulus which keeps up| the price in the country, and, would be ¡fatal to the breeding of horses in England. A gentleman who possesses considerable knowledge in all affairs pertaining to the stable, Colonel Duncan*Baillie, suggests what seems to him the only practicable plan of encouraging farmers to keep horses. He advises that the Queen's Plates that are given for racing should be,done away with, and that the money should be, offered in prizes at agricultural shows in each county In his opinion, the Queen's Plates are now useless as an encouragement to improve the breed of race horses, because it is no longer the best class of animals that compete for these plates. In other words, he advises that the Government shall do somewhat in England as the Imperial Government did, with a good deal of success, in France. This, it is considered, is a matter which does not admit of being left to chance, since the horse takes his place amongst the defences of the country, and cannot be dispensed with. in tlie course ot the debate, the utility of racing was much canvaBsed. A reference was made to racing as it should be, and the example of the match between Lord Fal- mouth and Lord Fitzwilliam, who ran two horses, which they themselves had bred, with- out having any bet on whatever as to the result, was cited as one that should be generally followed. There can ba little question that racing, cairied on in this way, is ' one of the most legitimate sports in which men of means and outdoor tastes can indulge, and must be of benefit to the breed of horses. Should the Home Government see its way to act upon the recommendation of the Lords' Committee, which we expect to be, that large prizes be offered through the various agricultural societies, a precedent will be fur- nished to which the attention of our own Government may be directed. It would be a little unlocked for were Lord Kimberley, having respect to the need of the Indian Army, to introduce the subject to the Australian Governments, and request them to consider whether it might not be desirable to ¡ do likewise. i The Sydney Monthly Overland Mail. The Summary of colonial news for transmissitn to Europe by; the steamship Baroda will bo published in this journal on Saturday morning, the 17th instant. Advcr ' tisera aro particularly requested io send in thoir favours early to-nionow. Alterations in advertisements ordered for moic than one insertion must bo sent in before 3 o clock on Friday afternoon. ÍTnE Herald Summary.-Orders for extra copies should bo lodged with tho clerk at tho counter to-morrow. Our friends in tho country are remindod that orders to post for England will bo too lato after Saturday morning's mail. > ' . i . . ' Supreme Court. - Business ' this day. - Master's Office, 10.30: Swim v. Thuokeray and others, to 'sottlo particulars and conditions of sale; Swan v. Thackeray and others, to sottlo advertisement of salo. Banco Court : Amos and another v. Beilby and another, paÀ heard ; Beilbv and anothor v. Amos and another. The Metropolitan.-The Bishop of Sydney is at present on a visitation tour in tho southern piirts of his diocese, and doos not return to Sydney until next week. The Anniversary of the Parkes. Ministry. -The Hon. tho Premier celebrated, by n Cabinet dinnor, tho commencement of his second year of oflico, at his now ícsidence, at Ashfield. Tho whole of the members of the GoVcrnmcnt were present. The Navy.-In the Navy Estimates for the financial year, 1873-74, a sum of £10,000 has been inserted for buildings, &c.;, in connection with the formation of a naval dopot on Garden Island-£1000 of which to be expended during the current year. TnE Duke ov Edinburoh's Betrothal.-Our Paris Correspondent says :-Tho betrothal of tho Duko of Edinburgh to tho Czat's only daughter is now recognised ns'accomplished. Tho Euipiess ot Russia, aftor sponding n dny in Salzburg with hor sister-in-law, Queen Olga, ot Wiirtcmburg, has gono to Florence, having with hor the betrothed wife of the Duko, tho Grand Duchess Maria Alexandtowna, only daughter of the Russian Sovereign. It; is said that tho Empress will tuko up her abode at Sorrento, among whose myrtle and orange crowned slopes, blue waters, and pink, purple, and goldon sunsets, the young couple aie to make each othoi's personal ac- quaintance. THE LATE CAPTAIN LONGMUIR.—A well- attended meeting of shipmasters and others connected with the trade of this port was held yesterday aftenoon, on board the ship Ann Duthie. Mr. J. Williams, being moved to the chair, explained that the meeting had been called to take steps to convoy to the family of the late Captain Longmuir an expression of sympathy in their great bereavement. The chairman spoke at some length respecting the high character borne by the deceased, and expressed a hope that those who know him would do what they could to lighten the heavy blow which had fallen upon his widow and orphan children. On motion by Mr. G. H. Dibbs, seconded by Captain Norrie (ship Alexander Duthie), it was unani- mously resolved that a letter of condolence be sent by the outgoing mail to the widow and orphans of the late Captain Longmuir. Captain Moodie proposed, und Captain Birnie (ship Ann Duthie) seconded, a" resolution that a subscription bo raised and forwarded to the borea ved family ns a tangible expression of sympathy, and that tho follow- ing committco bo appointed to tako necessary stops for that purpose:-His Worship tho Mayor, Messrs. J. R. Cattoll, F, II. Dangar, G. R. Dibbs, J. Ewen, J. Fairfax, C. H. Hayes, S. A. Joseph, D. L. Levy, J. Marshall, F. H. Thomas, J. T. Skinner, A. Stuart, C. Smith, A. Stuart, J. B. Watt, G. Wall, J. AVilliams, Captains Fairclough, Fox, MoodiojTrouton, Watson, and tho shipmasters in port, with power to add to their number. Tho resolution was ngrecd to, ond it was resolved that Mr. John Fairfax be loqucstcd to actas honorary treasurer, and Messrs. Hayes und Wall as honorary secretaries. ? The Rifleman Cabe.-William Cross, or Wil- helm Krauss, lato steward of the Rifleman, chin god with tlio murder of Captain James Longmuir, was arraigned on that charge at tho Central Criminal Couit at Dailinghm-st yesteiday, beforo his Honor Mr. Justico Hal grave. The . prisoner being without means to próvido for his defence, the Court requested Mr. Dalley and Mr. Want, then in the Cputt, to undertake tho man's dofenco; and on their kindly consenting to do so, the Court assigned thom as counsel accordingly. Mr. M'Cullocli-at a similor íequcst from the Court-consented to act as tho prisoner's attornoy, 'for the instruction of the counsel assigned. Tho counsel expressed their hopo that members of tho medical profession (considering that tho defence had boen under- taken purely from motives of humanity, und for tiio further- ance ot the ends of justico), would kindly lend their valuable jifolessional assistance voluntarily, lind would soo tho prisoner at the gaol beforo tho trial carno on. Volunteer Inspection.-A Volunteer writes to call attention to what ho thinks an oversight, vi/.., tho calling upon the V. A. to attend at tho Victoria Barracks on Siituuliiy next, tho 17th instant, for commandant's half yearly inspection, which is necessary lo the Volunteers efficiency. Saturday next, ho says, will bo. mail day ; and, lib odds,' it is well known that tho employees of mercantile houses cannot attend on that day. From the number ho is acquainted with who will not bo able to attend on Saturday next ho is sure it can only bo a partial inspection, and those Who cunnot attend will at tho proper timo be returned as non-efficient. Í City Mission Chapel, Botany Hoad. Sunday last being tho anniversary of this chapel, special ser- rions were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening, afad were largoly attended. On tho following Monday oven i»g a tea took placo in Üio samo building. After the good things provided had been disposed of and tho tables cleared, a! public meeting was held. Tho meeting having boon opened with dovotional cxerciso, Mr. Alderman Murphy Was called upon to preside, when addresses -were delivered by Mr. N. f idgcon (pastor of the church), and Mossrs. E'ittle, Horswell,'and other friends. 'A collection having' Ween made in aid of tho church 'funds, tho meeting closed 1 ith the doxology and benediction.', " ' Tbe<iMaikíkÁ'/Át' the Exhibition. - The first prizo for uiaixcna was granted to Mr. Munn, of Merimbula, and not Mossrs, Stewart and Co,, of Mel- bourne). i PrinorJoseph ObduavOf Pwd-During the < hearing of the case of tho Queen against Captain Gay, of tho stounship Wianuia, tried at tho Central Criminal Ses- sions at Darlinghurst, yesterday, Prince Josoph Celua, tho son of Thakombau, King of ' Fiji, was in court, fini was accommodated with a ¿haïr beside his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave, until tho close of the trial. .Processional Hymns.-A "grand proces- sional hymn," entitled " Onward,' Christian Soldiora," aa sung at St. Mark's Church, Darling Point, has boen pub- lished by Mr. J. R. Clarke, of Hunter-street. It is in tho koy of F, adapted for tho organ or pianoforte. The . music ia spirited and pleasing, and at tho samo timo not difficult in performance. Tho words aro by Mr. S. Baring Gould, and tho mnsic is by Mr. Arthur S. Sullivan. It is printed by Messrs.1 Beard and Holmes. Caution to Stone-Throwers.-Four boys wore summoned to appear at tho Wator Police Court, yesterday, chai god with throwing stones in Goulburn stroct, on the 6th instant, to tho dangor of persons passing. Ono of tho'stones struck a woman, named Mrs. Fogorson, over tho oyo, and the injury received caused hor so much pain Unit silo had been ooinpollod to seek tho medical advice of Doctors Moon and Muckollar, and they hrfd been attend- ing bet over since the oocurronce. Dr. Moon was present in tho Court, and informed the Bench that Mrs. Fogarsoa had lost a great quantity of blood, and that sho was not yot out of dangor. Tho Bench sovoroly reprimanded the boys for their misconduct, and infoi mod them that if tho woman who was struck had died they would have all been phwed upon their trial for manslaughter. Mr. Oatley said that, I in ordor to put a stop to tho dangerous practice of throwing stones in tho strcot, tho Bondi would inflict a heavy penalty. Two of tho boys wore fined 40s., and 2s. 6d. costs each ; and the other two 20s., and '2s. Gd. costs each, with tho alter- nativo of ono month, and fourteen days' imprisonment re- spectively. Fireworks in thb Streets.-As Queen's Birthday approaches, that most dangorous nuisance lotting off firework« in tho streets-is becoming almost universal. This favourito sport of the jnvenilo population has already becomo so general that tho oity police, who, by tho i way, most indulgently regard tho foibles of youth" whenover they can well do so, will no longer bo ablo to ' , wink hard at this particular pastimo, for wo hoar that instructions have been givon to strictly enforce the law against all offenders in this regard. It is thought that tho Bteam joinery works lit Woolloomooloo Buy, which wero recently destroyed by fire, were burnt down as tho result of porsini carelessly playing with fireworks. Irrespective of tho risk to property, the sacrifico of tho public convonionce is very great by tíio prevalence of tho practico to which wo rofor, and parents and othor porsons would do well to co-operate willi tho constabulary in putting a stop to it. Thoso who offend against tho section of tho Metropolitan Polico Act, by lotting off fireworks in " streets or public places," aro, ' it may bo mentioned in conclusion, liable to arrest, and a fino in addition of £5. A New Catile Disease-A coriespoudent vultos from Wilds Meadows -"About six weeks ago, ii disease now to me appeared amongst mv calves Tho first symptom of tho discaso is seon about the tonth day m tho urine, which is deeply tinged with blood, as m tho discaso commonly known as 'redwater,' but it diffors from red- water in this, that the animals in most cases ha\ o died in from twenty- foul to forty-oiglit horns aftor they havo boon noticed ailing Thcj seomou to d10 from sheer prostration, although (hoy continued to take thoir food till a fow hours beforo death Their ojos wore sunken, and proaented» peculiarly sickly appealanct, tho white being extremely ) ellow Tho discaso cannot bo hcrodttaiy, for I huvo never seen the slightest indication of anything of tho kind amongst tho rows Neither can it lesult from eating any dell tenous herbs, for it has been observed in a young calf before it had an opportunity of oating a blade of gi ins If you or any of youi correspondents can toll what this disoaso is, and how it may be counteracted, I shall fool oxtromely obliged, ns may others amongst whoso herds it m îy have appeared ' Death from Burns -On Saturday last (the Goulburn Herald reports), Mr Marsden, coronor, hold an inquest at Crookwell upon the bod\ of Eli/aboth Road, » child eight months old, daughter of Sarah Reid, an un- married woman It nppenred that on Ihursday tho child was boing nursed byan eldor smtoi, fifteen yoirsof ago, named Anastasia Read 'Hie girl is subject to fits, ind wlulo sitting near the fire she was seized with ono and foil, and was samowhnt burned, while the mi ant falling into the fire was very sovorclv so The mother, who was out of doors at tho time, heard a scream, und inn in and applied soap and flour and afterwards salnd oil nnd whiting, but tho infant got worse, and died on tho following aftornoon -The IFeilci n 1'oU also roports that a most unfortunate occident occurred to 11 fcmalo child, daughter of Mrs Curtis, Duro-strcot, Mudgee, on the 7th instant The mother of tho children went out to get somo bread for breakfast, leaving tho deceased bolund dressing horsolf Shortly after the neighbours wero alai mod with hor erics, and on coming to hor assistance found that the unfortunate child was most seriously burnt nil o\ er There was not a single vestige of the poor little suflorer's clothes left Sha lingered for ubout thrco hours, nt tho end of which time abo oxpircd South Australia and the Süe¿ Postal Teiiminus-The Jligtstcrof tho 1st Mayobsorvoa -"It is of very little consequence to South Austriha whether Molbourno is mado tho last port of call in Australia for the ocean Btonmors, or Sydnov continuos to bo so So far a» her own interests aro concerned, v, hat sho is mainly solici- tous for is that her inward mails shall be dehvored and hor outward mails taken on board off Glenelg, and hor demands in this respect aro to bo granted It is gratifying to hor to know that at lost not only her neighbours, but also the Imperial Government and tho P and O Company, are con- vinced of tho justice of her nnportunatelv-urged claim Whatever arrangement may bo adopted, sho, it sp pears, is for the futuro to receive fair ttoat inont. With regard to tho oder now modo, one naturally feels curious to know how tho concur- rence of tho colonies sought by Earl Kimborloy is to bo expressed, and what standard of val ac- ia to bo applied to the views of tho respectiva colonies. Of course there will bo no more Conferences on tho subjeot. The last was such an utter jfíaico, so far as tho mail service was concerned, that it would bo absurd for dologates to go through a uko farco again. It is possible that tho replies will all bear ono oharacter, in which case of courso no difficulty will arise ; but what if Victoria should declino to prolong the present nrrangoment for throo or oven for two years 'i Will the Secretary of State ignore hor, or will ho linvo to invent soino new schemo to pacify hor. His Lordship's position as arbitrator in this affair is by no moans an enviable one. Tho courso to bo followed by South Australia is simple. It will not be wiso for hor to act finally without concert, or at all events without com- munication with the other Australian Governments, but bIio eon at once intimate to the Sorrotary of State her condi- tional concurrence in tho proposnl ho makes. A Tebrieio Hailstorm.-A terrific hailstorm , (sáj-B tho DathurU Times) passed ovor westward on Sunday, the 4th instant, crossing tho Eohuca Rood. Lumley, the carrier, says that tho hailstones wcro as'largo as'pigeons' eggs, and for the space of a milo and a half covered tho ground to a dopth of nine inches. The blind i . i reck near Gannon's farm was running to a depth of two feet, covei ed over with a sheet of frozon ico. A travellor with his v>ife in a tilted cart covered witli duck, and just nouly painted, had no less than eighteen holoi perforated through tho tilt, and ho states the rebound of tho stone* ' attained the height of six foot above tho cart. From all wo licju. it bos been the most sovere storm for man and beaat ever known in the district. ' Complimentary Concert to Mr. Charlbs Lascet.i.fs.-A promenade condoi t, in compliment to Mr. CbiulcB Lascelles, whose recent efiorts in tho musical world of Sydney have been at onco numerous and efficient, took place yesterday ovoning in the Exhibition Building, and wai highly successful in point of attendance (nearly 3000 paid for admission), and in' other ropocts. À largo proportion of the number mentioned was inside tho building fully lialf-nn-hour before tho commencement of the conçoit. It ¿my be mentioned that nil the floral decorations in tin shape of elegant parterres, &c;, and flag., of nil nations, still remain, and lend a very attractive appearance to the interior. There was ono advantage over sonio previous coneorfs held in tho samo place. Seats wore provided for n ceitain number, and tho rouiaindor lind the good sense to bo content to stan! peaccnbly in ono place, so that the sounds of walking "were not so loud as lo interfere seriously with tho niidibility of tho singera. The Brigade Band, under Lieutenant Callen, rendered oxcollcnt sorvice during Hi» evening in tho porformanco of some ' vqry well-chosen pieces ; and Mr. Lascelles played some selections on the oigan with his usual skill. The first to appear in the concert weio Miss Wiseman and Miss Lambert, who sanpr the duct " Colin and Lubin " very well. The " Man of War " was then expressively rendered by Mr. Andrew Fairfax. Tho " Gipsies' Laughing Chorus " was given with much spirit . by Misses Wiseman and LswboitnndMi. AndrowFairfax;, mid the well-known Jacobite sonpr, " Bonnio Prince Chiulio " was sung willi much fidelity by Mrs. Gourlay. The finale from the " Grand Duchess " wits very well re- ceived, and the chorus was decidedly effective! Tho selec- tion is, howovor, such a favourite that it would probably havo boon applauded oven if the rendering hal been less creditable. Mifrs Minnie Gourlay's rendition - of " Robin so shy," was leceived with tokons of approval ; she was even mero fortunato in the manner in which she gave a song in another part of tho programme. Mr. Barlow's portfolio- of comicalities formed a novel as woIL as an agreeable portion of tho entertainment, and some, of the items were warmly applauded. His "Mary Blane,", , nnd " Havo you seen tho Ghost," created quito a sonsntiou. The second part of the programme was taken up with » farce entitled " My turn no\t," in which the part of Poggy wits clcv orly sustained by Miss Maggie Oliver. The other characters wcro for the mest part well porformod. Tho third part, like the first, contained concerted pieces. Tho daet "Army and Navy," felt to Messrs. A. Fairfax and Ackland. It deservedly como in for a large share of apptauso. Mr. Ackland was warmly applauded for the way in which he rendered tho song " Meet me in tho lone. , Miss Lambert sang with mich skill and offect the laughing , song from the opera of " Mnnon Lascaut" The entertain- ment closed «fra somewhat lato hour with a grand conno medloy introducing a number of popular airs. I Error.-By a mistake "of our reporter, the naroo of tho Rev. Dr..'Forrest'Ora» mentioned aspro*)« within St. Andrew's Cathedral at Uio funeral of tho law Mr. Wentworth. Dr. Forros», it appears, was not p*cuw «a tho ocoMiot, 