TTANDSDME. " '(rROM ClIAMBKRS's JOURXAt,,) ' ' CffAPTKR II. The lovers bad agreed not to mention their en gagement till the sanetion of Netta's, parents .had. been ohtainod . It was hot likely to bo vvithhelll, for Tempest, for a detrimental, was prctty-wt ll. off, and had nobody to consult ; and' Netta was the third of a family of four girls and three h#i a, all more or less unprovided for. Neverthefefcs, both those young persons came in with such iwcr- aetcd unconsciousness that Lady Pcnrhyn sn-fllcd with significant lxmevolcnco upon them ; Bry- done locked blacker than thnndor : and the rory: hntlr fill -d tb»ir glasses w ith solemn, congratn- latory cropliash-. hunch jiroccvlod much as usual, in spile of the convulsion of nature which had just occrtrrcd, till Brydone's neighbor of last night, who was sitting next to Hiss Thursby, inquired of her if she IuhI found her locket. " What locket 7 said Tempest, with-a tragi.- air, across tho table.. He was not in the least jealous, in reality, thi» mild and amiable creature ; but be felt it necess.-ity to the situation, part of his love to Netta, to appear go. " Where did you lose it!" inquired lirydone, more iiractically, and with a fierce wish that it might be somewhere where Tempest would not dare to venture his " pretty " face. Teiupest's prstty face wus.howover, quite unlikely to be foremost in peril as any ugly onen. "No; I haven't found it. I dropped it on the cKflf-path whon we took that long walk to the ' Devil's Tooth,' from Trcluon, yesterday. It was one papa gave me on my Inst birthday, so 1 am very sorry to loso it," said Netta, answering the ques tioners inversely to her liking for them. " I am afraid you won't get it again, then, dear," said lady Penrhyn; and ho tho subject dropped, or rather a rattle of rain, and a fierce gust of wind against tho window, turned the conversa tion. In spite of the weather, however, two gentle men were immediately after lunch called hy press ing business to the little station four miles from Penorna. ' Tempest, _ who wns the first to"stnrt, borrowed tho keoper's Welsh pony, and (in spite of that lively little boast occasionally slipping from between his legs, or standing immovably, from tho forco of habit, to "point" at game) : managed to catch an eaily train, and be doposi- -jed, amid blinding rain and howling blasts, at a jrtjll more tiny and primitive station than tho ono 3be .had loft ; with a good hour's start of his ,'rivaL who, not boing a favorite with tho Penorna ihocwehold, was obliged to trust to his own legs pud ,'uck, jj0 vo, arrived, however, in due timo at Tro- Inen anJ ninde his way to the path which ran alone tho to tbo precipitous cliffs Netta had v eon from a"u.,<rtauco tliat morning. Tho day had utteily changed' ,< an awfully black sky hung over a leauen sea, wli«se long rollers of livid foam crashed like artili>-ry against the rovks, and erawlod hungrily over the sand. The tide, just at its lowest, was beginning to turn, and tho smilllor sea-bird, hoppi.iff "bout in search of food amid the dfibris of shell jmd weed, were driven over higher up, with relucta.it twitterings, from etono to stone. Tho wind howled and raved . hideously, till Brydono was faiu io ram liis hat deep on nls brows, and strike the stick be carried : among the crevices of his stony road, to. steady / his stops. Sometimes his path was on the short 1 ine turf, cut close by tho keen wind, sometimes a beltored by clifTs rising on eitber side, some- ti mes only to tho landward, and seaward noth- is g but a sheor slippery, gray wall, going down, vri ion' the tide was up, into a dozen feet of water : tb owing now, at its ebb, a cheuaux de frite of .t®i 'fged points, ghastly whito ; which, reaching a .a arter of a mile out, gave this part of the coast $s dark name. Brydono was a sufficiently bi'avc max >i but he uhuddored as ho glanced down, and preei'ed closer to tho inland wall. IIo was more prMooi'upied than he could afford to lie on such a miad i-i such weather, and more tlmn once nut aheek' Of shoulder against a projecting crag, in- <klents' Tvhich mado him scowl at his own folly in <«omiug hero at all, and think, with sad and vsavago in "tuition, how vain that folly was. Howcve rr be was in for it now, and went dog gedly on, u iconscjouH that Tempest was before him in this in luck as in love, imagining " that soft-vohwd idiot " coddiing himself in the biggest arm-chair by tho lire in tho largo draw ing- room, maunu iKng poetry to tho ladies, kept indoors, like them, by a little rain. "All, if women only knew I" na.'d poor Brydono, falling into the not uncommon xn.'stakc of thinking tliat the gilded casket moans diessarily emptiness within, aud tho leaden ono, it >'t of great price. He had left Troluon half-a-dozen. inilcH behind, and tho Devil's Teeth rathor inoij tbau two, when, emorging nt one of tho abrupt turns of tho path from tho craggy double wall,_ ho saw afow yardB before him, cut clear against a brassy gleam on tho skv, a figure hu at oiico recognised, which sent thu blood hoiliug from bis hourt to his chook, and insde hiui sianoi still and clench his teeth for nn irritant, with impotsnt passion. Distaucod everywhere The mail was before him hero too— the handsome, happy, suocezirful man. It wa3 a small drop of bitterness, but it over flowed his cup : uuil while he stood niitiouless white, and drawn together with a silent agony of rage, ne saw Tempest stop suddenly, htnd down, ana pick up something with a gesturo of joyous triumph. The crimson sunset light hurst from tho clouds as he did so, and showed his face, fair, tenderly, joyously vain of his own success — his sunny hair, "his white hand with tho recovered locket glittering in its palm. Then something rose within Ralph Brydone, he : never know what ; but with & strange, strangled erry, a lioavy staggering run, be fouud himself he- blind tho triumphant lover, and striking out fclindlv, madly. He had thought, indistinctly, as be ran, of a si hwiggle— but there was none ; of a tragic cry, a gr wxa; but before him now there was only va, wacy, instead of that hateful, baudsome rival ; in \aj ears, nothing hut those stupid, siinplo woru '% cried out faintly, it seemed in inid-air : "I've f.und it, dar"— — And then silenco had cl, m hi again. Whatever wickedness Wfts in him lm d gonl out in that blow ; yot, for iko moment . not understanding what be had done, be only , reprnue.Hcd himself thus: "I struck him from behind: I did not let him seo mo" Then fee ti irnod slowly on his hei I, and stared ell aroam"' : at 'C turf at his feet, -quite smooth nod uiwlis «r\ '<k1' sav0 for ordinary foot-marks j atthcru"' ed gray moorland ; l>eiind, the red, llood-reif t kv, the white wing of a wildly acreaminge lll'fla 'hiugacross.it. in front, amldwwu at his feet i be W oam the incoming tide. Only that ' YT-s tliat shapeless gray thing a Piece of ' ,ne, fallen n.wa>' f1r,om tho croSf.'.ft "Par— or . -£iy did tu 0 Sul1 aorcam so» llke twenty bird? Had it seen— . . The wind was still enough n«. w;, aad 1,10 6i wnnd wa, h k, n heart. bating like tho clapper . No; «.icroa3 tiiewaJ. along tb the sand, xrnv es, camo a swell of melapoholy Jfusic. sw wtlhiL', m sc-unding, seaming 4 roll a' 4nu«oud«i from heaven otaco. It wa lehimca of St. Michael's, Treloon, phiyW C?®. 8 Jd- world pssJm- tune. but ltiang like tho „Ja ent knell through Brydone'sbraln. e mlj leil an now, "What have I done ?— .Tempest !-. my God !" And ho rushed back blindly along tho path : but all tho time camo, crowdingycr him, not the last tragic scene, but foolish, trivial recollections of Tempest's sweet temper, his forbearance, Lb innocent vanity, hb harmless, endearing foibles, his stanch, sincere, manly courage. He bad torn the black veil that distorted those kindly qualities from hb own eves, but at what a price ! That very morning, al breakfast, Tempest had turned otT some in solent speech of hb, Brydone's, with a gentle jest that shamed him to himself, and saved nini from hlnmo boforc others : a few days beforo, when ho was ill and depressed, aud disagreeable with an attack of livor, _ Tempest had left the cheerful circle below to sit with him and talk — not wisely, if vrm like —but his best. , . Brydone hod looked at him then, and hated nim lor those blue eves and womanish blushes, his pleasant vanity, his success ; and now, he would never. siicced again. But wild regret, vain reuiorso, wore suddenly quellod ; for a sharp, rock v point, jutting out, smote him on the forehead, and lie fell, stunned and senseless, across the path. Tho morning was rising dreary and cold when Brydone opened his eyes, and, raising himself painfully on his arm, gazed, aching and torpid, around. Gray sky, gray sea, stormy no longer, bnt veiled m a calm, melancholy haze, from winch a white seabird started, ghost-like, now and then, with a shrill crv; pray rock bohind lam; tliat Tery crag, which had checked hb mad progress last night— nothing living in sight. He remembered that crag, remembered all by degrees, and dropped back again with a groan. Most of us know what it is to wake with a dull sense oi last night's sorrow heavy upon us: imagine how it felt to this man to wake to un- (lying knowledge of his own guilt — to the un dying recollection of that proud figure, that gay, happy face, that piteous natural cry — to have them before his eyes, in hb ears, for ever. Con fession never occurred to him, as he strugglod, groaning, to hb feet. Before he was well awake to the bitterness of lib own sin, ho was already revolving in hb stunned mind how best to con- ce«l it— what story he should tell at tho Trolucu station, and at l'euorna. He could make no definite, detailed plan; but when he arrived at ' 'be railway, hb ashy-pale face, damp garments, and bruised head, even his' very expression of incoherent dismay and despair, witnessed to tho truth of his confused and fragmentary tale. IIo said to the station-master that he had come over from Penorna on the previous day to make search for a locket a lady who was staying there also had lost on tho cliff above the " Devil's Teeth that, while walking along tho cliff-path, lie had dbcerned at a dbtancc a gentleman, alto a guest at Penorna, whom ho had imagined to bo on the same errand as himself; that, while still far off. lie had seen the latter stoop to pick up some object, and, in so doing, overbalance himself, and fall over tho precipice. lie added, with an emotion but too real, that on hurrying up, ho could perceive no trace of his friend, and that, in rushing back, horror-struck, to procure assistance, ho had run his head against a rock, stunned himself, and in consequence remained senseless until morning. " Can you toll where abouts the gentleman tell over, sir ?" asked tho station- master. Brydone thought n moment, and named the part of tho cliff immediately above tho Devil's 'Xcetli; not from any special motive, but Bimply bocause one lie more seemed to matter little now, and falsehood was on tho side of safety. " Then there isn't tho shadow of a chance of his life, sir, I m afraid," said tho man . gravoly, " nor even of his body coming ashore. Those Devil's Teeth never lot anything go they have once had hold of; and there's an eddy there, beside, tho people hereabouts call " Hell's Mouth," that would tear a man-of- war to pieces in a couple of hours." Brydone heaved a great sigh, and turned away relieved, and then dolt an odd, inconsistent pang of remorse that hb victim's body should not have Christian burial, nor ita duo anointing of tcara and p ravers. Leaving the station-mastor all tho money ne had about him, aa a salve to liis conscience to pay for tho misdirected search, and promising to return or send ovor in a few hours, he went back to Penorna. Tlie familiar scene sickened him as nothing had done yet; his knees trembled, his head swum, as, going in by tho buck entrance, he bade one of the servants — who atarcil at him as if he were a ghoat — ask Lady Penrliyn to cqnio nhd speak to him— Mr. Bryuone — in private. She 'camo instantly, pre pared for alarming hews by the prolonged and unaccountable absence of her two guests, as, indeori, was tho whole household. She could scarcely freo horeolf from poor, little, pale Netta. who had clung to her kind hostess, or followed her . about, dumb and white, with haiooching oyes, all the day before, and implored her every now and then, withchildbhiteration, to "say bo will sood como back." Biydono told his story again; and again his miserable appearance, broken voice, and unmistakable anguish of mind, earned him perfect frocdom from sus picion. To Lady Penrhyn lie ajso expressed deep ro- inorso_ for his past conduct to Tempest, at tributing it to its true motive, jealous affection for Netta, and, in consequence, won the former's regard as ho Lad uover done yet. Xh« pitied, and tried to comfort him, and would not Learof bis returning to Treluen; but sent him to lie down, or, at anyrate, he quiet, in his room, ivh:le' she promised to take inctuiura.s to have every search made. " But I much fear 11 Is hopeless), " said she, nigliing, " for I know that part of our cqaat is Are you ill, Mr. .Brydono ?" His open moiqli und fctruined oves, sUring at Boroetbing behind lior, nniiwl 'the alurmed inquiry. ' " Look tlioro, l_qdy Penrhyn ! Look ! I bsive killed her !" cried ho in a voice of horror, and Lady I'eurhyn turned. Netta stood in i!)0 doorway, raised on tiptoe, perfectly white, with lm' eyes stretched wide open, and tho pupils dilated tjl| they were bjijok. with her lips apart and moving fast without uttering a sound, and lior little hands clutching her dress. " Netta, my poor ujit J:i I" cried Lady Penrliyn, running towards her, and taking hor into her motherly arms, " don't look so. Let yourzalf cry." " I— <lo not want — to cry," said Notta rjgidfy j " I — heard all. How could I cry ?" But nevcrtlieless Jier ftftfds oiitjp.; >H a long wail; and ill ft minute cioro, she w'aa spbliiug out lier grief aud her love Oft her kind friend's breast with piteous cries. " G why didn't I Jsigi him! He asked me, he wanted me to And now I shall never, never see him again ! Oh. what shall I do !" A party went over to Tycjuajj— ftjqa J )jgw difforoui to the gay parties that had brt Pejjoma two days before— search wos ms'le; bnt fl seftrcjl Tlxieh might probably have been Ineffectual aVBR in the true spot of poor Tempest's full, was utterly unproductive under the false directions givon'by lirjvl.ojpi. T|ie seekers, too, knowing tba character or tho mag q.i(4 £j)g ?ddv, de spaired beforehand, and arter many hours' 'Syeiif, returned empty-handed and bopoless. Ifcrf day, Netta's father, who hail come down to rive hL cyigjuiit to bis daughter's engagement, and perfect herTuippiiiess, ;ep back to her mother, widowed and mourning, villi nojhijjg but a faded rose-bud as a fit memory of tlie love that had been blighted so soon, ami I'rydgne, after forcing himself to endure a week's injury at Poiorna, to do awav with the chance of any suspicion falling en him, dopartod also. I can- OOv trip thinking, while writing this, liow mildly, wan tenderly, some of us are apt to speak of peoplo" who tw goyrnod hy the im pulses cf the moment, Yot it was a' moriieni's impulse that made Ralph Brydone a murderer. chapter nr. "A September night, by turns stormy aud fair; with now a heavy pall of indigo' cloud stretched from horizon to horizon blackening tlie world , now the cloud has broken, anil rolling to amifro in fieecy masses, pierced with keen points of stars : now, earth and sea bathed in floods of moonlight, till every tall church lower, gray, crag, and crested wavo shone, transfigured to silver in the dim glory, _and pointed to. heaven like spirit-arms. The light-house towor, fifteen miles out at bca— damp with the sprav that played always round its rock v base, ami licked with foamy tongues its ho! id sides, as a wild boost licks its prey before sinews lacerate anil bones crack unuer its cruel teeth— was silvered from its licigt to its foundation hy tho radiant stream, and stood like a temple, forlorn, pure, severe, unshaken by storm and sunshine, change of seasons and tides— cut off, liken human lira, from tender daily troubles and joys, to be by its own suffering the salvation of others. Often, in stormy weather, an awful white winding-sheet would curl to ita topmost pinnacle, wring and shake it, and try to drug it down, till a shudder ran through nil tlie stout masonry, and the light of the lamps, crimson and white by turns, quivered like bubbling blood on: tbo churned billows; often tlie watery artillery would ruab, wave after wave, upon it, draw hack again, to gather up its strength, und make fresh assaults, with the crash of cannon ; often strango sea-fowl, driven by stress of weather, would alight on its summit, and vex the night with dismal unknown cries, and uncouth forms flitting round the great eyes of the lamp. To-night was, after all, only like most other uiglits in that drcarv scene ; the ordinary thuuder of wind and rain, the ordinary desolation. In tho " light room," at the summit of the building, witl? a watchful yet abstracted eye on his charge, Btood the one of the three keepers whose turn it was to be on guard. He had left the watch-room beneath, to correct sojuc dcfecct in the light, and now gazed upon" it, wrapped in thought. The rulo " that no bed, sofa, or other article for the purpose of reclining should he permitted in the watch-room," was no hardship to this man : and tho weariest hour of his vigil was that when it ceasod, when he threw himself on his bed, dreading already the heavy and melancholy waking mire to follow his melancholy dreams. Thiw day, two years ago, became here first; since tlion, though in a measure forced by the rules of thu service to take his turn of _ leave, he had spent those enforced periods in a fisherman's hut only less desolate than his present abode, almost within sight of it ; and had coine back, not so much sickened nt its familiar, monotonous loneliness, as glad of its shelter from the eye of his kind. His companions thought " Mr. George," as thoy called him with involuntary respoct, "queer;" 'for when, as sometimes happened in the winter, all communication witli tlie main land was cut oft for weeks, and their own resources of amusement were exhausted, lie would appear proportionately more tranquil in miml ; would permit their society, instead of keeping apart ; sleep,. instead of walking up and down his room like a wild beast in a cage ; and even talk to them, and tell them stories out of tho books he had read, and about tho " foreign parts ' ho had visitod. They liked him, after a fashion, for he was ' always willing to keep double watch, or do douidc work of any kind, whether it were rubhiug " reflectors," or pump- lng, up oil from the works, or trimming wicks ; and, silent as he was, he never sulkud or ijuarrc.lcd, as men shut up together are apt to do. Only when Jim Sanders, tho younger keeper, who was a bad marksman, shooting gulls' from the gallery, wounded more than" he killed, and the poor things Jny about, gasping, bleeding, and broken-winged, on the rocks, Mr. George flew into a terrible passion ; and having fetched Mb gun, and put them one and all out of their pain, unreasonably swore that if he, Jim. amused himself in that manner again, ho woula write to tho _ authorities, and by mentioning sundry peccadilloes — of Jim's neglect of duty, lac. get him roinnvod. Jim's pastime was cut short accordingly, for both the men were awaro that Mr. George (though he tad of course passed tho usual examination and probation) had got his ap pointment through some gTcat man at the Trinity House, which is tho supreme fetich of hght-nouse keepom. \et, ono day, when tho older keeper, Adam Lynn, remarked wistfully that " there was a strange kind of a bird, dragging its wing as if it was hurted, .and lie had a brother as was main fond of curiosities," Mr. George with his own hand shot the creature dead, sent his dog Jack to letch it. and politely presented it to A Jan. Gontlefolks has quoor ways, and I'U lay he'a a gentleman," remarked Adam philosophically. Mr. George's dog Jack was a character, and a much better companion than either Jim or Adam. A brown retriever, with a tightly curled coat, ronderod tighter by daily sea-baths, golden- hazel, , plaintive, loving eves, and a hoarse pathetic voice which was almost human. Jack was a sensitive and affectionate, but sullen and reserved personage. He had few frionds — though, if let alone, he was civil to all ; his love for the few he hud was testified by a mesmerised, ooiistant, liiouviifill w'Ate, as jf he were trying to speak, accompanied l,y an occasional strangled whine, the gentlest hold (which could not crack an egff-sholl) of his big white teeth on the favonw. person '.i hftfi'i or gnrtMcnt, an1' the con tinual Hunt patter or his padded feci in their wake. Up-stairs or down, on the crags, in the water, Jack was at Mr. George's heels, and woo to the iijiiividql who should try to hold him back from his master! jfo had juiupud #«nn the gallery round the light-huyso a dozen times, on seeing Mr. Gc-oige oit the granite ridges beneath. He had knocked Jim Sanders down, and hung to his nose, when the Latter, in play, stood between liim and the former ; he flew hafkipg aqd ctqw|- lug, qpep-iqquf hod, a( tlip yeiy waves?, uneff they audnciously roao against Mr. George as lie took jjis daily swim. In short, there was nothing lie woukl pqp fla fsr jhat adorn b?j|» ; ste-f fqr once, happy among dogs, £ tlunk km adoration was worthily requited. Jack was absurdly bo- lovcd by his lonely mostor ; jealously, absurdly watchcJ, to see if he showed preference for any- l?'iy »»ij. faiysnd i!«ro)igl| tji? Ujsaasfta anil Occidents or ijis foolish" pujipyhcql— "As ir fie wgrq q Christian," said tne nthersijc.qndaiiFCii, llowever, they had grown ac.usiomcl to Mr. George's peculiarities by this time, even to his hatred of leave, and his extraordinary habit of shuttin? himself un when yisilgrs pqipji (» li«tpiqp tho |ig|ft:hopsa, (Cms isipg hp'share of probable grateics : qnd they liked and respected him hi thg better for tbo mystery tli.qt juip.rr nlm ; whioh was pcrhaps'hum'an nature. " The bright glow of the sleepless lamp and the faint light of .sunrise were struggling together in the light-house tower., as Mr. Georae stood look- W ,<tnfi P'bqi d-'q" 'if lyas/an'd thinking, wit); a hgayy sigh" hqw slowly tli'o twq years of hi reri lenuohors had passed, what an enormously long vista of life, to nil appearance, spread before bun. Standing with his hand— a delicate, shapely hand, though deeply scarred— on Jack's rcugii at his kp.ee. at j! as a Vtiitue, lip looked to riglij jind'Tpft af the 'fqinl urij/ison llqsh deepening in tlip heavens, on "thp waves; the naiing etiis, tho drifting clouds of lilac and gold, at the sea forgetting its- wrath bolow, and thtyfaint purple lino of shore just visible In the 'extreme clearness of tho early dawn. Pair things all ; bnt oh ! how weary to hip! "And I anj only twenty-nine," said he aeajiairingly. " 0 the years tq oomi ! " Jaok uttered, a sympathetic liowl, and planting his rawB on his inastcr'B leg, looked up adoringly. "\cs, old felloir, I'vc -'got uuswered XlV. George fondly. "But you'll dio before I shall, most likely, aud I shall Ins worso off tbau I am now. An, Jack I wLsli you and 1 could change the span of our days," .lack continued- whining, staring, mlorihg : poor fellow, he had uo other arts of comfort "Wunt is it? You don't know what an idiot anybody would think you, to stare so at such an object as 1 am : though, per haps in'your eyes, you fond, stupid fool, I look dillercut— liccau.se you love me. But vou nr.- only a dog, Jack, tliat s it, a brute, without a soul. Go nwny. sir ; go down, and don't make a fool of mc too. Jack teignwi tlejuuturo ; but secretly crept into a corner behind his master, and lav there like a stuffed dog. , .Mr. George had not spoken untruly in railing liunselt an object ; but there mu something to stare at in him, though certainly not beauty. He was rather tall, and well proportioned, lint dis figured by n slight stiffness ami pain of gait and gesture, which extended to all bis limbs ; and while it did not affect their strength, and scarcely their rapidity of movement, was entirely fatal to grace. He had, however, fair, wavv curlsf hluo eyes, and a white skin ; but across the right eyelid, to the roots of his hair, breakm the outline of the eyebrow, and making a purple line aud a succession of deep dents on his fore head, ran a great scored scar ; and beneath the left eye,, and on Gie upper part of his nose, others began ; though tliev, and whatever disfigure ments existed elsewhere, were hidJen by a largo black handkerchief wrapped round anil rouud, entirely concealing even the outline of the lower part of his face, and so firmly fastened inside his coat that no cxcriion or accident could dis arrange it. As a consequence, there is little more to describo in the light-liousi keeper, ex cept the profound, half-humiliated sadness of his eyes, and the hoarse, muffled, unnatural sound of hi voice emerging from under tho close wrapper. lie stood long motionless, but at lost roused himself with a Btsirt, cxtinubhe:l tho lamp, ;uul having trimmed and burnished it in rendinoss for noxt evening, and seen that all was in onler -no very brief task— ho descended the bidder, and with Jack slinking close at his heels, sought his own anartmeut. ft was very small, with a certain likeness to a ship's cabin : but without any of the clever contrivances or odd ornaments often seen iu Bitch places. It was as bare as tho hole of a hybornating animal, as a cell in a prison, as tho torpid, ugly, loveless life of its owner. Mr. Gcorgo did not go to bed, but sat down on his one chair, and leaning back, looked deep into vacancy ; whereat Jack crept up, and sitting on his haunches before his master, threw back his head, nnd opened his month with a half-inaudible whine of sympathy. "Jack!" said Mr. George suddenly, struck 'with a bitter thought. (Ho was a morbid parson, and for want of anything more satisfactory to hug, hugged his woes.) "wow ! " replied Jack with sharp emphasis, beating his tail on tho tloor, and quivering all ovor with repressed auxietv to go actively about his master's wiU. " You shall sec such a thing as you never saw in your lifo be foro ; arid if it makes any diffcrenco to you— as tho chances, are it will— I uwear I'll send you ashore by the noxt boat that comes. Look here, then sir ! " Jack's comprehension was happily not unite full enough for tho latter part of this speech to distress his canine mind. lie only un derstood that something was to be oxplniucd to '"in, perhaps— blissful idea !— to he followed by something which he was to do. So he kept his eye on his master, as was his custom when a new trick won taught him, and waited patient and trustful, while Mr. Gcorgo slowlv loosened the foldBof the black handkerchief lie wore, lot it ,JroP. api stooping his fnco down, close to his <<" >!t 'rl?n"» "A'" I" a sharp, strained voice : Now, sir ! Do you know mo ? Jack I "—in a voico of sarcasm — "do yon love mo, now?" Jack rose up on his hind-logs, put his paws on his masters shoulder in an almost human caress, and with a great whine of lovo, pity, and anguish, lickod his fnco. Then a shower of hot team fell on his shaggy coat, and a broken voice said humbly : ' ioor, dear fool. God rnndc this dog ; perhaps there s kopo yet." Bright weather had set in that September day; but one morning, a little lator, to experienced €cs it showed nigns of change, The gay green sea still broke in harmless-crystals against tho light-house rocks"!; tho sky was clear blue over head ; brownsailed lisliing-smacks, tinv boats, and afow whitcwingcd yachts, still glided fear lessly over the bright ripplca ; hut the const-linc looked omiuously near and clear, and a faw threads of long purplo cloud lay straight, as if ruled there, across the pale horizon. " Bad weathor cornin' up : we'll light early to-ni"ht " said Adam Lynn. Mr. Gcorgo acquiesced with languid indiffcr- once, and continued to paco monotonously up and down a path he had worn for himself on the narrow domain, with Jack behind him as uBual. " Don't care for nothing under the sun, it a my belief, muttered Adam, looking after hiin as ho walked away ; and he wus not far from the truth. 1 hat afternoon, (is Mr. George aat rending in to roota with Jack, that animal was seized with violent and unaccountable excitement. IIo ran and sin el led at the door, growling wickedly in an undertone: returned, Slid lonkeu up at his master (lajprwsively, ns much as to say : " An enemy of ours ; repeated tho process, and finally lav down between him and danger, with open eyes" nnd Jus head between his fore-pawn. Mr. George WR3 qnnreiwingly indifferent, and took no heed. 1 rqsently, Jim Hauudcrs entered agitated, and announced that " a gentleman as had been out a fishm from one of them yachts in tliq oiling had been took ill, and put in at the light-house, to get brand)1 ami fjUpL.IiWe. " Says he can't bear o the boat, oald Jim, Krinnina un« sympathetically " Wants to lie down nmniave a doctor. A had -pi ucked ono, far all he's so big and L ack. I toU him M he'd host go back to i Q 1 G1' jaoht) i.r to slioro ; but ho says ne ; and when ho hears old Adam was a bit of a doctor, nothing would keep bun out of h?rc. gr the boat s gone to bring her a uwr aa may bo, that he may oe ftbnqr.h q,„l y\m<3 ho U| ' nin. a v-W un. iji Adam » berth. Cun hear him from lierp, Mr- George, you can." "The .log does," said Mr. George shortly and carelessly ; aad Jim went away. ' 4,1 a|WrnoajL a Gcorgowas going up to T.-c "fa ft'oh, with his band ou Jack s neck, to CI®!.? 10 ,, SEndl.'8 "P joyfully beforo bun, he pa.scd open door of Adam's room, and glancing absently in, stood fixed to tho spot, "aok t'H ho was nearly asphyxiated. Hie sick man lay on a narrow Led, a fever-flush on his cheek, the rest of his face of a yellowish pallor; Ins black hair fay damply on his fore- HWV. X-i'lhie auric eyes wore open, and rolling restlessly. Ho did riot see who looked at him — he was too much occupied with his own fears and sufferings— and only started and muttered fret fully as Jack gave a iow snarl of strange in tuitive aversion, and struggled a little under Lis master s gripe. Tlfa Sfcftud broke thg spell that paralysed Mr. George, and recalled him to the geutler feelings poor Jacks bliqd love had awakened. Ha said in a hoarse whisper. " Brydone, Brydono !" and rushed headlong up tbo steep stair, away from the sight which mftddoncd him. Ho kept his watch, went down afterwanls, averting his head S&S;&38? : (To be continued) 