? ENTERTAINMENT.—It is announced that a concert will this evening be given in connection with All Saints' Church, Hind marsh. CRIMINAL SITTINGS.—At the Supreme Court the Criminal Sessions will open this morning at 10 o'clock, the Chief Justice presiding. The calendar is numerically light, consisting of the following offences:—Murder, 1; bigamy, 1; forgery, 1; indecent assault, 1; horsestealing, &c.;, 1; stealing from premies, 2; stealing from the person, 1; aggravated assault, 3; larceny, 2; insolvent debtor concealing his estate, 1; insolvent not surrendering, 1; and maliciously damaging property, 1. The cases fixed for today are—Maria Kenworthy, for stealing from the person; Frederick Powell, indecent assault; John Brady, aggravated assault; Emille Allen, larceny; John McMurdo, alias James, forgery; Alexander Ne?s, larceny; William Martin, stealing from a dwelling-house. MIKING ACCIDENTS.—At Bower's Shaft on the Moonta Mines a man was the other day at the 70-fm. level, when a stone fell with great violence on his foot, rendering it necessary that he should receive medical attendance.—Mr. J. Bray, pitman at the Yelta Mine, was on Tuesday assisting to remove a log from a railway truck, when it slipped and struck him on the head, knocking him down quite unconscious. Dr. Herbert was quickly in attendance, and found him to be suffering from concussion of the brain. It is hoped that he is progressing favourably.—The Wallaroo paper reports that John Mitchell, working in the Wallaroo Mines, narrowly escaped from being dashed to pieces on Saturday. He fell 30 feet in Taylor's Shaft, and when brought to the surface it was feared that the accident had proved fataL On being examined by Dr. Wilson, one of the mine surgeons, who was speedily on the spot, it was discovered that he had fractured his ribs, and that his head and various parts of his body was severely hurt and lacerated. Under the skilful treatment of the doctor Mitchell is progressing retort favourably. THE RAINFALL. — The following tabulated statement showB the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide... 0*358 Strathalbyn 0110 Gawler 0 280 Gumeracha ... 0*620 Tanunda 0*230 Willunga 0*510 Blanchetown... 0*050 Normanville ... 0*355 Kapunda 0*060 Port Elliot ... 0*098 Auburn 0-300 Goolwa 0 080 Wallaroo 0*110 McGrath's Flat 0-240 Moonta 0-120 Mount Gambier 0*410 Clare 0-290 Penola 0*650 Burra 0100 Narracoorte 0-400 Melrose 0*390 Wentworth(Nsw) 0*165 Mount Barker 0-290 " MOSE IN EGITTO."—" Consistency" suggests that as the performance of this opera will partake cf the nature of a religious service " there should be no demonstrations on the part of the audience, either of approval or otherwise." DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENT. — At the Port Adelaide Town Hall an entertainment was given on Monday evening, August 11, bythe members of the local Amateur Dramatic Club, in aid of the funds of .the Port Free and Industrial School. Notwithstanding the weather being eomewhrt unfavourable there was a moderate attendance. The programme consisted of scenes from " Hamlet," in which Mr. J. Smith, jun., who took the character of the Prince, acquitted himself creditably. The Ghost, Horatio, and Bernardo were fairly represented by Messrs. R. H. Braddock, J. B. Blair, and G. Lake, respectively, while Messrs. Plint and Rann were amusing as the gravediggers. The farce of the " Tiperaty Legacy," closed the entertainment. THE GOTHENBURG.—Telegrams have been received in Adelaide announcing the arrival at Port Darwin of the steamer Gothenburg, after an absence of 20 days from Port Adelaide. THE MURRAY TRADE.—At a large meeting held at Strathalbyn yesterday afternoon in reference to the river trade, resolutions were unarimously passed strongly disapproving of the construction of a railway from the Murray to Port Adelaide, and inviting the opposition of members of Parliament and the various District Councils to any such proposition. 