ALEXANDER'S FEAST. *0n Thursday evening next the Philharmonic 'Society will giv~ their third season concert, con .stating of 'Alexander's Feast,!*, Handel com ?posed this cantata in 1736. The libretto consists mencing with the words:— . j v M 'Twaa at the royal feast, for Persia ^won By Philip's warlike son.' ? There are few poems in the English language better known or, more admiwd thaa^tSia. Itia in* Pindaric Terse, a&d; ia regarded b^oempetent' critics as a model of that «laas of poetry ' Handel's composition was written whep he was in the prime of life,, and erery.fpagaj contains' evidences of his superlative #emui (The design ^ of the poet and of tfee- mtisiaanistb pdrtray the customs of the ancients, as exemplified in their, revels, when i ? ?' The gergeoas East with;rich«st han* Showered oer her king* barbaric pearl and gold.'. . ????-,, iln the wecutioo ,-rf this design they have shown the wonderful power which music had in writing or allaying the emotions and passions «f the mind even in those remote ages—' 11 Ere heaving bellows learned to blow, ' While organs yet were mute.' - The 'feast' referred to in the poem was that given by Alexander ; the Great at Persepolis after hw fflgnal^iotory -wer the Pewians at the battle of Arbela. i ; ' Alexander ascended the Throne of his Mace donian ancestors when he was but 20 years of age, and immediately marched against the Thebans, who had revolted, took the city }-y $°™* Plundered. ft of its treasures,7 and levelled it with the ground. Having consulted the oracle of Delphi aad, -extorted from its priestess, Whom he ^iragged into the temple, that he was 'The Invkdbfc^he set out upon his Asiatic expedition, passed the Hellespont and theGranicus, defeated^ farsian trooped cut to pieces the Greek mercenaries, who tad ^sued for mercy. He next overthrew ihe vastarmy of Dariua at the battle of Issus, at which 110,000 of the enemy were elain. Darius himself narrowly escaped, while his mother, his wife, and his two- daughters were taken prisoners. They w«re, however, treated by Alexander with every pos&ible; delicacy and ..respect. In the meantime Darius raised another, army, but was again defeated by the 'Invincible' Macedonian at the decisive battle of Arbela referred to above. Alexander now ascended the throne of Persia, a&d; was acknowledged as 'King of Asia.' During his campaigns there was amongst his attendants a young Athenian maiden named Thais, who subsequently became the wife of Ptolemy Lagi, King of Egypt. Thais is said to have gamed an ascendancy over Alexander by her beauty, her wit, and her flattery at the 'Royal Feast11 and proposed to him that they should finish the festival by burning the palace of Xerxes at Persepolis, in retaliation for his having laid Athens in ashes. The suggestion was received with vociferous plaudits; ' all the company strove to persuade the King to comply with the proposaL, At last, yielding' to their instances, he_ leaped from his seat, and, with 'a' garland on his head and a flambeau in his hand, led the way.'* Or, as expretsed in the poem— *' The Princes applaud with a furious joy; And the Ring seized a flambeau with zeal to destroy.' Assuming, however, that this is the festival to which the poem relates.it contains an anachronism. It ia certain that Darius was then living, yet Timotheus ia represented as moving Alexander to tears by the following touch of pathos :— ' He sung Darius, great and good, By toa severe a fate, Fall'n, fall'n, fall'n, fall'n, Fall'n from his high estate. And welt'ring in his blood. Deserted at bis utmost need By those his former bounty fed; On the bare earth exposed he Iie3, - 'Without a friend to close his eyes.' With regard to the music, it is thoroughly Handelian, Though differing very much from the great composer's oratorios, several of the choruses are very little inferior in massive grandeur to' those of the 'Messiah' or of *' Israel in Egypt.' 'The listening; crowd admire the lofty sound' in the first part, and 'Break his bands of sleep asunder'5 in the second, nay be taken as examples. The former is introduced' by ten or twelve bars of elegant instrumentation. It is then gradually wrought up to a majestic climax of full-toned harmony, after which the voices are hushad, and the instrumental parts imperceptibly fade as if receding in the distance till they are lost in silence. The second chorus named above, on the contrary, startles the ear with a sudden fortissimo, acd closea equally abruptly. The several parts roll on with something of the impetuosity of a mountain torrent; but the aonarch, awakes and during a brief hush that fact is announced in the tenor recitative— 'Hark, hark! the horrid sound Has raised up his head, As awak*d from the dead; And amazed, he stares around.' The remaining choruses possess many peculiari ties indicative of the versatility of the com poser's genius. In clothing the thoughts of the poet in musical language he has drawn extensively from the resources of his own capacious mind. He has shown how possible it is to combine the most diversified ekments into one harmonious whole. Thus the chprus, 'At last divine Cecilia came,' opens with a stately succession of chords, by which the harmony is modulated with consummate skill from key to key, when suddenly a fugue of great complexity breaks upon the ear, defying the listener to analyze its intricate elaborations. Yet a careful study of the score will show 'that even these abrupt changes, of style are in exact agreement with' Ihe design of the poet. The musician has but painted in appropriate colours the masterly outline of the author. The chorus just referred to may not strike a general audience as possessing any special merit, but the most judicious critics are unanimous in opinion that it is a master piece of choral writing. With regard to the solos, they are perhaps even more dissimilar than the choruses. There are several allotted to the soprano, tenor, and lass voices respectively, in which the conflicting passions of hope and fear, love and hatred, pity and revenge, «c, are alternately depicted and their effects exemplified. A single illustration may serve as an example. It is recorded that Alexander, who often in cases of emergency acted under the impulse of a momentary passion, deeply regretted the slaughter of the Greeks on the banks of the Granicus referred to above. Dryden seems to have had this in view when representing the manes of these heroic warriors as crying for vengeance. Alexander has but half recovered from his sleep when — *' Revenge! revenge! Timotheus cries; See the furies arise; See the snakes that they rear, How they hiss in the air And the sparkles that flash in their eyes. * - Behold a ghastly band, : ? Each a torch in his hand ; These are Grecian ghosts that in battle were slain, . And unburied remain Inglorious on the plain.' It will be admitted that these lines are highly poetic, and in setting them to appropriate airs Handel has given another evidence of his great artistic skill The first movement is bold,' vigorous, and declamatory, like the call to arms on the morning of battle ; the second is plaintive, appealing, and almost sad in its melodious flow. So, in. the former part, the accompaniment is brilliant and inspiring, while in the latter it-la almost unearthly in its weird expressions. ' Alexander's Feast' was performed in White's Boem on the occasion of the Handel Centenary Musical Festival in April, 1859, with 'the late Herr linger as Conductor, but no attempt has oeen made to revive it till now. The orchestra at that time numbered about 60 ;voealfand instrumental performers. On Thursday evening the number will be about 120. . , ' ;- *Plutarch's'Lives. ', .A New Ship fob' Captain Legoe.— The friends^ of Captain LegoewiU be glad to hear that a new. , nrst-class iron Ehip of- 1,500 tons, to be com manded by him, is now^bui^&ng; in Steela's Yard on the Clyde, and is'.tb'jbe .deUv^naTin Sep tember.. It is partiy qwneijinjth©, colony, and 'will form one of the Orientline. ? ,. ' ',-', ' 