SPORTING NOTES. By " Playboy." The weights for the minor handicaps at the A. J.C. Spring Meeting were published last week, and although Mr. Scarr is generally looked upon as a good handicapper, I must say that in many important points I differ with him in opinion. Passing over the Hurdle Race, which is a passable production, and which, although our horses are asked to concede more weight than what is perhaps fair, will probably be brought to Victoria, owing to the greater practice of our jumpers, I will proceed to the Steeplechase, for which half a score horses are weighted. The first five on the list hail from this colony, as does La Blonde, who is at the bottom of the ladder. Why Prodigious should be thought within a dozen pounds of Prior, or capable of giving weight to The Monk, is what I cannot understand, for it was patent to every one that the victory of the ugly Panic geld ing a Ballarat was more owing to the mistakes of bis opponents than to any inherent good qualities of his own. Prior could not complain of the 12at. he is asked to carry were it not that The Monk, who is perhaps the better performer of the two, has 16lb. less, nor weie the victories of Morris at Kilmore and Caulfield of such a character as to lead one to imagine him a better animal than the South Australian-bred son of Croupier. Trum peter has been so successful of late, although amongst inferior company, that it is almost im possible to form a correct-estimate of his capabili ties, but I extremely doubt his being within 1st. as good as The Monk, much lees within 31b., as Mr. Scarr puts him. La Blonde, although very hand some and a neat fencer, is not bier enough for the work before her, and of the four Walers I know so little that it would be invidious disputing the bandicapper's opinion of them, but as they have not had tbe practice of our horses their chance must be very problematical, and fit and well on the day there is none that can have a ghost of a chance with The Monk. They must be very frightened mi foreigners in New South Wales when Che Ace is asked to concede such lumps of weight for the Epsom, Shorts, and Sydney Handicaps, and had be been mine the pen would have been run through his name at once, for although it is possible that be might be equal to the task, it is asking by far too much of a good horse, and may be rigbtly termed crushing. Valentioe has also 3aught io much too hot in all three events, and all Mr. De sire's clever training will hardly bring him on the par with The Prophet, although when really well the Snowden gelding is a racehorse all over for any distance up to two miles. It is useless going over every horse's weight, but the same principle is observable throughout, although in other instances not so marked, but I don't think we will have to look much farther than Wrangler and the Marchioness filiy for the winner cf the Epsom on the first day, although, perhaps, King Tom may possibly give them some trouble at the finish. With regard to the Derby . and the other events coming off to-day, my opinions are 6o much in accordance with those expressed in another column by " Clodhopper," that it would be but a twice-told tale to say anything about them. I chanced, however, to see Hamlet the other day, when he was so quietly shipped off to Sydney by the You Yange, and although not quite so thoroughly pink as might be, yet he seemed in good enough form to be able to give a satisfactory account of himself on the convincing ground, aiad as we hare a bit of a line through King Tom, I look upon him as the only horse likely to lower the Ace's colours in the Metropo litan. Both are racehorses far and away superior to any of their opponents, and when Greek meets Greek then will come the tug of war, and sorry am I that I shall not be there to see. We have often been told by a big contemporary that we cannot breed horses in this colony compared to those in New South Wales. A glance through the entries for the various events at tbe meeting should completely dissipate this idea, for with ore or two exceptions, the quality is most indifferent. Neither has Mr. Scarr followed the advice so kindly thrown out to Mr. Barnard before the Melbourne .Cup weights were published, but has erted in 4fuite the contrary direction. The various racing clubs in the colony are making strenuous efforts this season to merit the patronage of owners of horses, and already have programmes been issued which will keep our horses busy till the end of January. Geelong, Kyneton, Warrnambool, and Beeehworth had also better be quiok in the field, else they will find it impossible to hit on a date some other meeting will ndt olas __ the V.R.Q. meeting cptqfprtabfe OW, owners .witf fat&b; the; choice' hltwbfen gd&g; to distant Vagga Wagga m trying for some of the goo g at Ballarat. It was most ill-advised of the Ballarat Turf Olub to fix . on the same dates for holding their meeting as the people of Wagga Wagga ; a week sooner or later could have made but little difference to them, and surely the Murrumbidgee Turf Club have enough to contend against in the long distance between the headquarters of racing and their thriving town ship. The sporting element in Wagga is so liberal in its ideas that 'twere a thousand pities that any obstacles Bheuld interfere with their succesBbeyond what nature has already put in the way. Besides, it is unjust to those owners of horses who have already entered for the principal events at both places, and, if not too late, it would be well for the Bal'arat Turf Club to reconsider their de cision. They are sure to have fche greater share of patronage, owing to their con tiguity; but it will be shabby, to say the least of it, thus to place an effectual bar to the foreign strings appearing at Wagga. There will only be two days at Ballarat this year, but if the programme is based on sound principles, this will be no loss, as two good days are better than three indifferent ones, and so long as we have the three handicaps already advertised, together with the Telegraph Slakes, Sutton Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Steeplechase, few beyond the local element will care for the curtailment ; indeed, I think it weuld be as well if, in view of the rich jumping programme in the autumn, the clnb showed a good example, and fer their spring meeting confined themselves to the regular drama. The fewer st- eplechases there are during the legitimate racing season the more chance for their promised Grand National being the success it ought to be. Ballarat and Wagga over, we shall next next be busy at Bendigo on the 16th and 17th of December. The programme shows some improvement on former efforts, as in addition to the usual two rich handicaps, two minor ones are introduced, of three-quarters of a mile and a mile respectively ; sweeps are added to the stakes in mnsf. insinnnAS- The entrance fees are on a light scale, and the meeting ought to be better pa- troniaed than ever by owners oi horses. Hamilton follows all too closely for there being any hope of the Metropolitan nags having a shy at the good things provided by our western friends, who are awfully stubborn in not giving way in the matter of dates. More to their own loss, however, than to that of other people, as a few of the cracks would give zest to their meeting, and allow a possibility of gauging the relative merits of the horses. Tbe next club, and one destined in the future to play aa important part, is that of Albury, whose piece de resistance has already been noticed by me in these columns, and as there are real sports men in the district, the rest of the programme is bound to be en regie. Their meeting takes place on the 15th and 16th of January, which gives horses just sufficient lime to get over the V.R.C. Midsummer Meeting. A fortnight after, the Wangaratta folk make a claim on public patronage, and have provided a very good programme with £710 of added money for a two days' meeting, divided in such a manner as to give hopes of some splendid racing. The principal handicap has 200 sovs for the first horse, and a sweep of 5 sovs for the second ; whilst half the amount is given for a shorter race on the second day i and the minor events are such as will be sure to attract good fields of horses. The extortion from owners of horses in the shape of entrance money and'qualification, however, is so heavy that but little support can be expected from Melbourne horses, and the club will iu this respect have to mend their ways if ever they wish to take a leading position as a sporting body. As at present advertised, it will cost a horse £17 to run for their 200 sovs, which if travelling expenses are added, will further amount to a sum which will make the game not worth the candle. Another fortnight and the Launceston meeting will be o 3 absorbing the interest of sporting men, and as the trip to the tight little island is one that can always be enjoyed, apart from the racing, I imagine that no club will be ambitious of clashing with them. The Beeehworth people would do well to choose the week between Albury and Wangaratta, as if the three North-Eastern clubs could be 'aken at once, it would greatly tend to the success of all But they m iy depend upon it that, if they wish to secure the patronage of metropolitan horses, the exactions must be made as light as possible, and it is to be hoped that the Beech- worth club will not split on the same rock as the Wangaratta people have done. Kynetou and Geelong will do well to stick to their dates of last year, and the Warrnambool club will find it much better to defer their gathering until a week or a fortnight later. Verbum sap. The Melbourne Hunt had a great run on Satur day. The Werribee was the place of meeting. By invitation from Mr. Chirnside about twenty- five members of the club and bis Exce lency the Governor went down early in the morning by rail. A buck and two hinds were soon discovered on the plains, making off towards the Little River, when the pack was laid on. They went at a great pace, and the hounds soon singled out the buck, which, after taking a bath in the river, crossed it, and many of the bold hunters gsfc a sousing in following. After going about ten miles the field began to get very select, the pace being very hot from the first. The antlered gentleman ket on the even tenor of hiB way to the You Yangs, refreshing himself as he went with a dip in several of the water-holes as he passed them. Under the hills there was but a solitary horseman with the hounds— Mr. Robert Power, on Shiilelah; the rest were " nowhere," scattered o'er the plaiD. After a run of over twenty-five miles the deer ultimately escaped into the Brisbane ranges, there being only three horses that lived the chase out— one of the fastest and best runs the pack have ever had, not even excepting the long-reuieic- bered Cotteril. chase. Many of the horses were .lamed, and several severely cut with tbe wire fences, and it was late before the blown hunters got baek to the Werribee, where, after partaking of Mr. ChirnBide's usual hospitality, they returned to town by train in tke evening. Another fast and far thing was enjoyed by Nimrod's followers with the Eiemington pack of hounds, on Saturday, that met at the racecourse gates. Tbe field was not a large one, but most select, mounted en some of the best cross-country horses out. The pack thre w off near Footed ay, and skimmed across the plains towards Keilor. After running the drag for about half-a-dozen miles, the hounds settled down to a wild dinge, who had been let loose at - this -point, and led the pack a -merry chase to Mount Derrimut. Wheeling again to the right in the direction of Mount Maoedon ranges the bagman flew with lightning speed, with the pack at full cry behind him. The pace soon became too hot for all bat those mounted on racing condition, and the field was soon reduced to a chosen few. On they sped until darkness overtoofc Ahem . beyond Sunbury, when it was found necessary to whip off the pack, there being but four horsemen who lived through the chase— computed at over thirty miles — horses mid bounds going for four hours without a check " of any sort. These were Mr. Cowell on Canary, Mr. Hearne on Rocket, Mr. Smith on Morning, and Mr. Woolier on Echo. These gentlemen got back to town late in the evening, both horses and men being pretty well done up with their long journey. The new room of Tattersall's club, at the Prince of Wales hotel, was opened on Saturday night. There was a large attendance, and one and all expressed themselves highly pleased with the excellent arrangements the committee had made for the comfort of the members. The room, which used to be the billiard-room at the top of the first landing, has been most elegantly and comfortably furnished in accordance with the requirements of the olub. It is exclusively for the use of members, and open to them day and even ing, where all the morning and sporting papers will be found, as well as the lateBt racing tele grams. Many gentlemen who paid the room a visit on Saturday night were so pleased with the new arrangements that they at once enrolled their names as members, and I hear that many more have applied to the secretary, Mr. Thomas, for admission. The subscription has been limited to two guineas, and one guinea for gentleman paying Melbourne a visit from the other colonies, an extremely moderate charge, considering the advantages gained in having a room entirely for the club at all limeB, and the committee are to be congratulated in having secured so central a posi tion and attending so promptly to the comfort and convenience of the members. As the club is no# entirely a private one, the reporters of the PreBS will not be admitted unless elected members by the committee. There has been coneiderable excitement this week amongst the sporting community, owing to the near approach of the A J.C. Meeting at Rand wick. The morning gallops have been anxiouslv looked for from the different touts despatched to the scene of action, and never before bas the information afforded been so meagre. So and-8o did a good gallop, another went fast, and another did slow work, and two went together, and one of them came borne well ; no informa tion as to the probable weights up, or how the horses looked, etc. I have seen private telegrams with more in half a dozen lines than in half a column from the specials. Some curiosity was manifested on Saturday evening when the backers of Rose d' Amour returned to their first love, and backed her for the Derby at 10 to 1, and stuck t ) her all the beginning of the week until she ad vanced to half these odds, several parties who' went off by the City of Adelaide on Monday being particularly sweet and anxious to back her, when a gallop on Tuesday morning settled all suspense, and the pen was drawn through her name. The steamer was much crowded, nearly all on Rand wick intent, and I saw Mr. D'Arcy on board with his celebrated greyhound Bengal Light, and a very blood-looking colt by Lu<"' , on their way to Queensland. There t . ' deal of talk in the beginning of th" most satisfactory gallop ; Monday. Some had . with Valentine s that the trial with three . - . he dressed i - vg his price r. . . . ' and in g t he f«i itick hard i anc in grand fetti _ spaded them : here is little t : . .. ; - when his last y f - tbe Metrop, .. the day. r at FTawkefihm v.- not repeat t. . i on both occa- : - Melbourne an he ran second . i he came to Melt why should he l talk. Believers contemplation, . highly of the coin new room at the Pr has been weil air . that many new on . retirement of Rose a ; . backers pronounced it o Rose D n her — has t- : . ring, as the amount ot - ; straight-out and double evt large. From Sydney Hear : . . - . is very dull, b it that a git . pected at Rand wick. A ct . o . before the races commence ii-r - , assume a more busy appearance, > v fewer complaints of dull time. market during the interlude befcv c day and that of the Melrop. Business taking me up in tht Woodstock last Monday, I paid a to Mr. R. J. Hunter's stud farm, and had not lime to look over all the valua; located there, let I a«w ample to repa; the journey. Tom King, the lord o i th was iu splendid condition for cotnmenc. season, and has much improved in appe since I last beheld h'm. ; and from the v. specimens of his youngsters which I met ramble across the paddocks, he will prohabiv It his mark on the Australian turf. The jearlit . : were a well-grown lot, although owing to th na ure of the climate, not so forward in their coati aa those of Maribjrnong. X had >o time for a ni'nute inspection, but I was much struck by the promising appearance of Tbe Marquis Alpha filiy and the Angler-It colt. This lazier i a fine raking gentleman, with a great look of his mother, and yet a deal of the quality of his s;re. The old WarLawk mare throws slashing stock, and although none of her get have yet performed on the turf it is n it her fault, as accident or death has always interleted to prevent them fulfilling the great promise they gave. Many of the leaders of this will remember that beautiful colt Retribution, which was almost universally pronounced to be the finest yearling of the season, out sever even lived to oome under the hammer. With the others it was the same, and I sincerely hope Mr. Hunter may be more successful with thiB Angler oolt. There was also one of the young Tom King's chat greatly took my fancy, but the name of his dam has slipped my memory. A chesnut oolt by Fishhook out of Miaid of the Wannou galloped across the paddook in front of me, and as lis moved like a workman, all over, Mr. 1 Pte11 I ' 1 the old mare J looked thronoL ® f the 1 >WthT!itb2du- J themselves j>nj ®cket srern I both mv ?omnn«- Bote of - tt-w lookedUrouhTheh6 handsooeit »# ' looked over. frn shaped anim r , Xhe "hen weertJ16 of the der H001 he he yet has that fiery carri 88 <?0cile as a cK? to the aristocracy. He h? 01ly beW m but is I, etrensWS7 14 good bone and muscle M e«tle Jjj. what figured by lea 5 work. Take him all in all hn ' 6 of £ eomeet Mn „f the Cfe?'' bl ! under mv 77® ,Ucb <>f & , 7 ' unaer my notice, he will dn „ B50c that cam, strengthening the love of Arab S S1 tow by men, of our older colonUta blob»Sl it »iu7linAn0tf bom'e» b, ..p . It Will be noticed that a M, i several brood mares at Lord'PnS purch> for Australia. These anioial8 T f'Uth,,i 8al« selected for Mr. R. J. Hunter ofW 6' »« hjw thus secured some of the berthf10 old country-Typhoon espeLfiv 10 of the highest quality and breeding £ regret, however, that I notim iw J 18 unable te outbid his opZZJt'' Marie Stuart, for such a mare would' U o( great addition to AustraUan blsS8 Dangar it will also be observed, went foY ' for the best yearlings, and if there are ml, gentlemen m Hew South Wales willing to go home and invest ia the manner— that co'ony will be I ? Ba®fi io the future. 6 hard tut 