Telegraphic BJesjmtches. | (from the Herald.'} London, Jnlv 22. On tho 17th instant., tho Colonial Commissioners ?nf the Vienna. Exhibition gavo a dinner to tlio Tnrica in tliu Ipood iiiid Wino Department. The Colonial Court lins cro.-iteil :i doo[- impression in Austria ami O'ctiuiiny. After ton days' adjournment, the trial of tho « TiclUioriiu Claimant' h.-ist boon resumed. Tho New Zealand Meut-preHerving Company inrito subscription, for shares to tho amount of £201) 000. Tho Black Adder, from Sydney, has arrived ?under* jury »s Spain, July 22. The C&rlists; nro masters of Carthagcna. They Miwd four frigates in tho port. ,,.,.. A now Ministry has been formed at Madrid. A London, July 24. Dr. Keneally has commenced the defence in the Ticlibomo perjury case, mid says lie will have onn hundred witnesses to swear that tho defendant is ?Sir Roger 'Eichborno. Tho Judicature Bill has passed tiro House of Commons. . Tho Russian army of occupation romains at Khiva. . London, -July 2a. In tlio 'House of Commons, Mr Gladstone de ?dared that the extension of household franchi:o to tlio Counties-cannot Ion;; bo delayed. Tho ' Daily News' considers t-liis to bo tho an nouncement of a »»' -Liberal programme. Mr Forster'a Education J3I1I has passed the ?House of Commons. All the amendments pro ^acd woro negatived. _ Very severe storms have ?occurred in the pro vinces, and several .persons 'nave boon killed by lightning. The weather is now cool or. Tho rato of discount has been reduced to 4 per Tho English, Scottish, and Australian Char tered B;mk has declared a dividend of .7 per cent. A company is proposed, with a capital of .£150 000, for tho purchase of ;ho Jonk Mcnison ?(query) Gold jtfinu, in New youth Wales. Yass.— Friday : Mr Grundy'3 report or. his survey of a route by which tho railway may be brought into Yass is published in to-day's ' Courier Ho states that by his survey tho line will bo len'thencd only 40 chains ; the curves and gradients ?areeasy, with an excellent site fcr n station. Tho ?additional cost will not exceed .4*11,500. Mr Grimdy confidently anticipates that his survey will to adopted, as the Minister has cxtondud the time (or deciding the matter fouvteon days. West JLutlaxd. — Friday : The inquest on the body of tho girl Mary Ann Campbell has terminated in a verdict that death was accidental, and her tcck was broken by falling into tho creek. The inquiry lasted live days. Melbourne. — Wednesday : Mr. Higinbotham has 'iven notice that ho will propose the intro ?diiction of a clnuso into the Electoral Act giving the franchise to all adult females. — Tho Govern ment have abandoned the idea of treating the Dolice force as members of the Civil Service. — Tho disqualification of tho horse Marquis of Lorno, for alleged pulling, is likely to come before tho Law Courts.— Betting on tho Metropolitan Stakes and ?Melbourne Cup is dull. Little Dick has been backed to win the Metropolitan to tho extent of £1500 at 100 to 7. — The ?Government sent to England for ?£1.00 worth of -fiax seed for distri bution. Thursday : A communication has been i 'received by the Government from Mr. Parkes, in reference to tho California!! 'mail service. — The Government of Victoria has sent a dispatch, to ?Sew Zealand, which is likely to result in an ?arrangement with that colony for supporting .jointly both a Galle and California!! service. — There was a large shipment of cavalry horses for India, [ier City of. Agra, yesterday. — The diiliculty of obtaining a supply of rails for the new railway islikiily to cause some delay in the opening of tho lines now under construction. — Mr Harrison is I very sanguine as to the result of his experiment 1 in shipping frozen meat. Tho Norfolk left the Bay I this morning. — Parliament is discussijig a pro I position to keep open the poll at elections from 8 I 'iin., too p.m. — Three hundred navvies are on | 'Strike on tho third section of the North-Eastern I Railway. Tho 'men aro very orderly.— Friday : S The Governor has returned from his tour to the 8 Murray.— It was decided in the Assembly yester ? day evening that the ti mo for polling at elections I -'stall be extended'from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and that ? no elector shall vote iuoj.'o than once under a | penalty of £50. The House declined to extend I the franchise) to the .police force. — Tho Regatta I Committee have decided not to send a crew to row I ,-iUheBalmain Regatta, objecting to tho rules as I to what constitutes an amateur. — Tho negro, I Wallace,' charged with an outrage on n. married 1 woman, at Beckworth, under circumstances of i great atrocity, has been sentenced to death, with 3 out any hope of mercy. — Another infant, four 1 months old, was found abandoned in tho streets 3 yesterday evening.— The Melbourne Gas Company a have declared a dividend of 8 per cent. Tho M toport states that the increased price of coal a materially impeded operations, — A telegram from 1 San Francisco, dated July 23, states that not one 1 tug of grain-is loading; freight for the colonies is i»3 per ton; barley, 1 dollor 70 cents. Adelaide.— Wednesday : A seam of coal, 38 neks thick, has been struck at a depth of 50 feet entlie Coorong.— Tho Ministerial policy has not jet been disclosed. There was a political meeting lUhe Port last evening. —Assays of the goldbear jtg stone from tho Northern Territory yield from -iltooOozto the ton.— Thursday ??: A Southport telegram reports that tho teams are insufficient to !?tt tho machinery to the claims, and that tho JJtiws are annoying travellers.- -The Chamber of wmmerco reports in favor of a railway to the Murray, and tho report has beoii adopted.— Tho le',cnuo for tne year ending June 30th was -«3,000, showing an increase of £15S,000. Tho S^diture was £733,000, being an increase of «4,000 — Friday : Parliament was opened to-day. «e Speech congratulates tho peoplo on tho pwpenty of the colony, promises immediate ?ttteution to immigration, a now Education Bill, tenures for dealing with roads, tho trans MWmental railway, insolvency, tho carrying out 'public works (including the improvement of the «-xmr), and increased railway facilities.— The ™» J. Jlilne has boon elected President of tho 'SjJlative Council.— Ministerial statements were ft7'mmbotl1 House3- Tho Government stated .™ on luesdny a week's adjournment would be *w.for. Telegrams had been sent to tho wvernment Resident at tho Northern Torritory, w-BUiDg tho time for tho resumption of workings :™ we god claims to the 1st September. On jKsoay tho Ministry will bo able to state their ST.? ^or'tory P«lioy. Concerning immi ™n they had telegraphed to tho Agent-Goncral oiwoato arrange preliminaries for sending out ?oEiuploads of agricultural peoplo to bo hero by W rvest' Tlley proposed placing on tho M ZrplIme,ntary«stimates £6000, which with £-1000 1 i! m a f,1'0111 lllsfc y°lu' wouU1 bo available to 1 E,i Tes ? dema»(ls- After the disposal of some WCa nm both Houscs adjourned till I atti lOi? °£^ m«r3orod infant has been found II T' I'M been returned regarding it. . M BilleZ0113^1''8 ll!lV0 boon recently seon on tho L,?'24}!1 inst:'it, tho. body of a drowned I ft V dls°°vered in Sydney harbor. 1 CtaT00,' d0 not l001 iustified « wndor IWonn f- ?,tho ^ 'ontranco of Lako Mao I Wi K*h ° for BO!l-Somg vessels, ICr d'i'Ti Bl'i1dgot Plood- at Blaynoy, hear l^Wen 1 n 6W days siuco fl'om tho efl'efcts o£ llf'lrother 1'0Coived wllilst PlayinS with l/iifaof mn f.c°rfctbro«Bhvaown the following. ?HKM Hwgraves, 125 oz. ;Tamba i(Md ^,Mudsle' 18G oz- 5 °pWng, 6558 . OCII C0AF-n»I,T)S EXAMIKKII IN VlCTOniA. — Mr Mackcnio has not yet roportcd to tho Govern ment tho result of his explorations in search of ?coal. Jiut it is evident from what has nppanred in various papers from timo to timo that our neighbors anticipate a very unfavourable- report, when it is made. On Tuesday, the trail, a dinner was given at Port Albert to Mr \V. Gates, of the JJank of Victoria, l'orfc Albert, on cho eve of hia departure from tho district. ]!eyond what had special (ropoi-ts the special correspondent of thu ' Argus ') reference to thu purpose of tho guthoriiiij, the most noticeable remarks made wore some which fell from thechnirmar. with reference to the coal discoveries in South. Gipps Land, and tho visit of Mr Mackenzie, inspector of coal mines, from New Smith Wales. In pi-oposinp: tho ' Shipping Interest of Smith C-ipps Land,' (he chairman enntrasted thu t-jimi^c of the ships arriving in thu bay at Port Alburt nt tho present day with that »f fourteen years ago, and confidently predicted that the contrast would bo much grontur at no distant date as between the palmy days of tho past ami tho better -J:vys of tho fnturu. Ho looked forward to a t-lmo when tho magnificent waters of Corner Inlet would oro long eclipse all our past oxpurionce, in shipping, when ocean- going steamers imd stately ships would continually bo going in and out, when, in fact, Corner Inlet would become the principal coal depot for Victoria. Eol- notwithstanding Mi Mackenzie's statement that Victoria had no coai tiold, ho niadu bold to say that beforo one or two years expired the two scams at Foster would bo worked at a good prolit. Mr Mackenzie had asked him (the chairman) to show him a six or seven foot seam of coal cropping out, and he would then talk to us of payable coal in Victoria. II this wore tho sola milieu of Mr Mackenzie, all he could say was that the Chief Secretary had made ;i bad bargain, and was paying dear for his whistle. We certainly should not require- Mr Mackenzie to talk to us of payable coal if we had out-crops of G-foot or T-foot soiims. Mr Mackenzie further stated that if Victoria possessed such a seam, it was bound to crop out somewhere. He did not know on what grounds Mr Mackenzie- mado such a statement. Certainly not on tho experience of coal- iields in. tho homo cor.ntry ; and if such a dogmatical assertion points'! moro clearly to one thing than another, it was tho unreliable character of Mr Mackenzie's report, whenever it might appear. A Doubly Dangerous Freak.'— Somo young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock ?(reports the ' \Vag»a Waggii Express') altcmptad a shameful trick, with the view of frightening timorous passers by. Ho possessed himself of a sheet -and a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the furicer, lie waited behind of tho tree enclosures butweon Dr Robinson's residence and the Public school thu approach of somo one upon whom to practise tho effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortu nately for him these shortly appeared in the persons of two. young women. Upon his appear ance one screamed, but was sufticicntly solfpos sessud to run. !f he other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised tho ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved1 his fleshy origin by declining to come too near, as the damsel's system of 'laying' spirits was not to his taste. Ax Old Vetf.kax. — A correspondent of tho ' Canterbury Times' furnishes the following -.—The battle off Capo St. Vincent-was fought seventy- six years^ago on Friday, and tho only officer now alive to commomovato that victory is Captain King (now of Tarauaki), who, entered tho navy in 1795. He was senior lieutenant of the Seahorse at the capture of tho city of Alexandria, and in all the operations in tho Potomac, &c;, in 1814, and was gazetted. -He became commando:- iu 1844, and was afterwards for many years Resident Magistrate at Taranaki in IS'ew Zealand, where he settled some thirty years p,go. Ho became retired captain in March, 18-12. Tho correspondent adds that he recently had the pleasure of seeing Captain King, who was then hale end hearty. Pakiumatta.— The correspondent of tho'f Em pire' writeg that a meeting of the Parramatta Municipal Council took place on Tuesday last. Present : Tho: Mayor (II. Taylor, Esq.), Aldermen J. Gallaway, J. Trott, G. Coates, J. Taylor, and J. Parker. It was resolved that the Council Chamber should bo lighted with gas. Thero was no other business of importance, and after tho Mayor handed in his declaration to the town clerk, he took the opportunity of again expressing his thanks to tho aldermen present, for their attend ance at the late law suit, in passing a resoultion that £51) should be given to him, from out of tho general funds, in assisting to defray the expenses, but as a great number of ratepayers (by the exer tions of Alderman Coates and other gentlemen) so liberally came forward and subscribed over £90, he (the Mayoii) had now much pleasure in refunding to the Council £50, tho amount voted to him. Tho Mayor then handed a cheque for £50 to tha Council treasurer. Tlus being all tho business tho meeting closed. The Mail Services. — We are authorised to state that a telegram has been received from the Queensland Government, accepting tho offer of tho Government of New South Wales to carry Queensland letters by the San Francisco route, for the postage only, and placing the Torres Straits scrvica at tho disposal of Now South Wales on tho samo terms. — * Empire.' ' The Rkv. S. C. Kent.— This gentleman de livered the last of his series of lectures hi aid of tho building fund of the Victoria-parade Congregational Church in that building, on Monday night, before a numerous audience. He took 'for Iris subject ' Father Mathew, tho Social Reformer,' and gavo an interesting epitome of tho lifo and labors of that eminent apostle of total abstinence. At the conclusion of his lecturo he stated that when tho series, six in number, was anuounced, it was hoped that £1000 would be realised. Tho receipts, how ever, had been between £800 to £900. — ' Argus.' The At/leged Mukdkr at Oyster Cove.— The 'H. T. Mercury' status that at the sessions of tho Criminal Court hold on tho loth instant, tho man George Langley, charged with tho wilful murder of Maria Langloy, his paramour, was placed unon his trial. It will bo remombored that on the *31st of May last tho deceased was drinking at Flight's public-house, and tho prisoner went to fetch her home. When tho couple started from tho hotel' Maria Langley (as the deceased was known) was tho worse for liquor, and it would appear that Langley and deceased were seen some time later in the evening lying on tho side of the main road, somewhere about midway between Langloy's hut and the public-houso, and that deceased was hoard calling out, ' Oh George, don't kick mo.' Subse quently tho prisoner went to a house not far distant from tho spot whore tho cries proceeded, and asked the inmates to come to his assistance, that his wifo (meaning tho deceased) was feeble and unable to got along. Tho inmates followed him to the spot whero the woman lay, and it was discovered that sho was dead. Langley appeared to bo much put about when he learned this. Ho wopt bitterly, and sr.id that the woman had wandered away from him while ho was looking for a light. The body was removed next morning, and in a day or two Dr Smith made a post-mortem examination, which revealed tho fact that the woman had died from injuries to tho abdominal region's produced by a succession of violent blows, and Langley was taken into custody. At tho trial, Mr Graves, who defended the accused, laid groat stress on tho fact that deceased, although a drunken woman, had lived with tho prisoner for 18 or 20 years, and had always been well treated by him, as a proof that ovon if ho had inflicted tho injuries which produced her death, ho haJ no intention of doing her any serious harm, and that thoroforo tho jury could only find him guilty of manslaughter. Tho summing up of tho learned Judge, however, was decidedly opposed to tho construction put upon tho case by Mr Graves, but tho jury, after about forty minutes' deliberation, returned a vordict of manslaughter, and prisoner was put back for sontonco. ConundkuM. — Tho following conundrum, stated to bo original, has boon handed to us: — 'How does tho Wollongong Vireakwater resemble a gambling saloon ? Because it has broken many u swell ¥[ ( !'??-? '. ? ?' *. On Monday Inat, tho Hon. Aloxauder Park, M.L.C., died at his rosidenco nl*Lowinsbrook, on tho Paterson. Litucow Valley. — Tho famous Zigzag has hiihurto llucu the great lion of this locality. It well desci-vos its reputation. All persons who havo not seen it, should pay it a visit. It will bear rupimtcd examinations, and thu xkilfulness of its design »nd the solidity of its construct ion will bo tlic imtro apparent tho moro cloauly it is scrutinised^ Lichg«Vi' Valley, ia now, however, on tho eve of attracting other and nuiru extensive notice than that hitherto directed to its beautiful scenery, fino cliinato, and'tnaguitiuuut railway. Tho valloynud ndjucuut hills comprise a splendid ooal-Iiold of several thousand acres in extent, and this coal is for some purposes as good as tlichust in the colony. No less than fisnr different tnincs havo been opuiici! up, tho one longistin -iueration boip.gt.hat of Mr Thomas Brown, tho member for Hartley, who, by means of a shaft on the south of, and closely abutting on tho railway, is rising largo quantities of coal for transmission both to the east and to tho west. Ho has erected machinery for pumping thu wator from his mine, ami by means of such machinery ho is enabled to kuep the seam | clear and deliver lar^o quantities of the best coal I almost direct from hi3 shaft to tho railway. A litto further west, n company, of which Mr Higgins, ihe well-known contractor, is undurstood to be the principal proprietor, has commenced operations on n large scalu. They have completed a largo railway from tkeir mine, somo half-milu in length, to the. public railway, and arc working their shaft under tho same conditions as Mr Brown's, and on the same splendid seam. A little further west, on the opposite side of the railway, we see a railway lino just finished, half a mile iu length, and leading across Fanners Creek to the adit of the Bowenfels Coal and Copper Com pany. This company are enabled to pocuro their coal from tho same seaiu as that just mentioned, not by means of :i shaft, but by means of u drive 'carried into the mountain w.t an elevation of somo live and twenty foot above their railway line, thus affording nnnsnal facilities for draining their mine without machinery aud running their skips from their adit directly over and so on to the railway trucks below. For this purpose they have nearly completed a sieging upwards of 200 feet long, and of capacity sufficient, to enable thum to load a number of trucks withiu a few minutes. In two or throe weeks, we wero given to under stand, this company will be in full operation. Some distance to tho south of the public railway is anethor mine, which has been in operation some time, and from which a railway is in course of construction. Independently of these coal mines, Mr Morthas just completed a railway leading to a site Where he is about to erect splendid and costly works in connection with ihe scheme for freezing meat for exportation, which ho has now so far perfected as to causu it to bo looked upon as an undoubted success. Independently of all these industries there aro tho Hartley Kerosene mines | not far off. When to these are added the smelting works, which the various coal companies and proprietors intend ultimately to orect, Lithgow V*'.i«y bid3 fair to become ono of the most stirring and flourishing places iu the Western districts. There is, uufortuuately, a great want of accommo dation for visitors. Two or three L-.rge and well conducted hotels would bs a public convenience, and would handsomely remunerate their pro prietors. The elevation of the Bor.-enfcls station is upwards of 300 feet above tho sea level, and nothing can be finer or more invigorating than the climatu. Jsuveral failing streams of tho finest water run in several directions all tho year round, the principal of which are Farmer's Creek and the Middle River.—' Herald.' 