NEWS BY THE ENGLISH MAIL. The following telegrams are taken from the Adelaide dailies:— The Prince of Wales, has not returned from Vienna, and the Princess has been visiting the Queen at Windsor, with her children. Prince Alfred is still at Sorrento. His marriage with the Grand Duchess Marie of Russia is arranged. The Czarewitch, accompanied by his con- sort, the Princess Maria Dagmar, and their family, will visit their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, at Marl- borough House, and will be present at As- cot Races. The death is announced of Mr. Deutsch, the eminent Oriental scholar in Egypt. Doncaster has been visited by a smart shock of earthquake, which shook several houses to their foundations. The shock caused many people to run out of their houses into the streets and adjacent open spaces. The Conservatives have won the Bath and Gloucester elections, owing to the help of the licensed victuallers. In neither case does the ballot seem to have produced ab- stention from the poll. At Gloucester the vote was larger than at the general election, and at Bath very nearly as large. An interesting paper has been read by Mr. H. E. Watts, before the Colonial Ins- titute, on the bearing of the three New Rules of the Washington Treaty upon our colonies. The Tichborne trial commenced on April 23, and is still proceeding. The Court is now engaged in reading the evidence given in the action of ejectment. One of the Judges, Mr. Justice Lush, is laid up with an attack of gout. Unless he is able to take his seat when the Court proceeds to examine the witnesses, it is feared the trial will have to be postponed for a time. The managers of the Shanklin Madeira Hotel, Isle of Wight; are to give a banquet of Australian meat on May 21, and Mr. Tallerman has consented to supervise the arrangements. On April 21, Earl Delaware committed suicide in the River Cam, at Cambridge, under a delusion that he had been unkind to a lady living under his protection. The international Exhibition at South Kensington has already been visited by up- wards of 80,000 persons, and it is estimated that at least six times that number will hare passed through the turnstiles prior to its closing in October next. The New Zealand Roads and Loan Bill, 1870, has been read a third time and passed. Mr. Bright, who has been prettv con- stant in attendance in Parliament, has gone north for a little rest. On the 19th, Mr. Plimsoll's Merchant Seamen's Bill was talked out, and cannot come on again this session. The House of Lords last evening passed the second reading of the Australian Colonies Customs Bill and the Vagrant Law Amendment Bill, and passed the University Tests (Dublin) Bill through Committee. After their first protest against the last measure, the Irish Catholics withdrew their opinion. It will pass in a few days. On the 29th the Lord Chancellor brought in a Land Transfer and Registry Bill, many of its provisions being based on the Aus- tralian Acts. The Women's Disabilities Bill of Mr. Jacob Bright gave rise to an animated de- bate on the 30th. The second reading was rejected by a majority of 67, but it was supported by a dozen more members than voted for it last year. On the 7th, the Permissive Prohibitive Bill of Sir W, Lawson was discussed, and rejected by the decisive majority of 321 to 81\. This strong muster of opponents is gaid to have been due to the great pressure brought to bear by the licensed victuallers upon members nervous about the coming general election. The Anglo-Australian Steam Navigation Company recently started with a capital of £1,250,000 to carry passengers and freight to Melbourne via the Cape, in 42 days, by a monthly line, has resolved to suspend operations for the present. A meeting of Australian residents in London is to be held at the Terminus Hotel, Cannon street, on May 19, for the purpose of expressing an opinion that Australia would hail with satisfaction the establishment of a line of steamers via the Cape to Melbourne. There has been, much correspondence in the Times on the subject. The will of Napoleon III has been published. It is dated April 24,1865. His Majesty leaves the Empress all his private property. The estate has been sworn under £120,000, but the solicitors to the Empress state that that sum is subject to claims which will reduce it by about one-half. On May 12 a deputation from the Colo- nial Institute waited upon Earl Kimberley, to urge upon the Government the annexa- tion of Fiji. It has been stated by the French Govern- ment that the French transport ship, the Orme, bound for New Caledonia with Com- munist prisoners, which lately put into Melbourne, was not short of provisions; on the contrary, she was victualled for the voyage out and home. It is further mo- destly added that the number of scurvy cases on board never exceeded 360. In Sheffield the Nonconformists, con- scientiously objecting to pay the School Board rates, are being visited by the baliffs; and in one instance seizure has been made of sacramental wine. It is calculated that 10,000 emigrants must have left the port of Liverpool last week, the Royal Mail and other steamers being crowded each day with steerage pas- sengers all westward bound. The Court of Queen's Bench has agreed to an enlargement of the rule obtained against Sir. Plimsoil, M.P., on behalf of Mr. Norwood, M.P., until next term. There is but one Atlantic cable now in operation, and the companies have raised their tariff 50 per cent. The Anglo-Ameri- can, French, Atlantic, and Newfoundland Telegraph Company have agreed on terms for immediate amalgamation, and conse- quently the new cable will be laid to New foundland, instead of taking the long route to Halifax and New York. Adelaide wheat is selling at 61s to 63s per 496 lbs landed. Flour sells at 43s to 45s per 280 lbs. The second series of wool sales opened on April 24 at a reduction on previous rates; since then a little more animation has pre- vailed, and in some cases prices have im- proved. The colonial representatives are busy at the colonial annexe in the Intercolonial Exhibition at South Kensington. About half the goods from Victoria, including those by the Suffolk, Agamemnon, and Thermesus, have arrived, and are now being unpacked. The rest of the Victorian ex- hibits are still at sea on board the Loch Lomond, now 120 days out. Some of the South Australian goods are here, but very few of the New South Wales. This an- nexe, it is expected, will be opened on June 1. The Queensland annexe is getting well forward, and will present a very creditable appearance. Arrangements have been made for a mail service between London, Queensland, and New South Wales, via Singapore and the Torres Straits. The Commons discussed Lord Harring- ton's motion for a Committee of Inquiry into the case of Mr. O'Keefe and the Board of Education in Ireland, with Mr. Bouverie's amendment thereto. The motion was car- ried. The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Bill got a second reading, and some progress was made with the Juries Bill, in Com- mittee. On Monday week a memorial against Ritualism, signed by upwards of 60,000 lay members of the Church, including several peers, statesmen, and other dignitaries, was presented to the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, praying them, as responsible rulers of the Church, to take steps to pre- vent the spread of doctrines leading logi- cally to Romanism. The Archbishop of Canterbury, in stating that a written reply would be sent to the Church Association, said the laity had great power, if they would only exercise it, to promote the objects aimed at by the memoralists: and he trusted more earnestness would be shown in future. Advices from the southern districts of France state that the damage done to the vines by the frost has been greatly exag- gerated. The loss is considerable, but less than reported at first. The prospects of the champagne vintage are seriously imperilled, and great damage has been done in the Rhine vineyards. In Germany the disaster has given an enormous stimulus to the wine sales, which occur at this period of the year. The prices recently realized exceeded by 70 or 80 per cent, the valuations of the brokers. Tbe Paris elections came off on the 4th. M. Barodet, the advanced Republican can- didate, obtained 148,140 votes; M. de Remusat, the moderate Republican, 125,407 votes: and Colonel Stoffel, the Bonapartist, 27,088 votes. The number of electors who abstained from voting was 115,000. Seve- ral other vacancies on the same day were filled by Republicans. There was quite a panic on the Paris Bourse. A week later there were five more elec- tions, and four Republicans were returned. Sir Bartle Frere has concluded his East African mission, and reached India on his way home. Though unsuccessful at Zanzi- bar, he has induced the Imaum of Muscat and other chiefs in that region to accept the treaty for the suppression of the slave trade. This is a good beginning and will not fail to have an influence on the Saltan of Zanzibar. It is now formally announced that the French Government heartily endorse the objects of Sir Bartle Frere's mission to Eastern Africa, and have sent out very ex- plicit instructions to their Consul. All our available naval force has been sent from Bombay to Zanzibar "to await instructions" —possibly to mate one vigorous effort to put down the vile traffic whether the Sultan is willing or not. The Vienna Exhibition was opened on May 1 by the Emperor in person. As was to be expected, the proceedings were of an exceptionally interesting character. The drizzling rain which prevailed seems to have been the only drawback to the magni- ficent display which was made in honor of the occasion. The Prince of Wales, Prince Imperial of Germany, and other Princes were present. The Exhibition is still far from being com- plete. The Emperor William has just returned from a 10 days' visit to St. Petersburg, where there were great festivities. Prince Bis- marck was very coldly received. The German State Council have unani- mously determined to expel the Monastic Orders of Redemptorists and Lazarists, and the Congregations of the Holy Ghost and the Most Holy Heart, as coming under the law against the Jesuits. Within six months their convents must be closed. Baron von Kubeck, the Austrian Am- bassador to the Holv See, died at Gratz on May 14. The marriage of Prince Leopold, of Bavaria to the Princess Gisela, daughter of the Emperor of Austria, was celebrated at Vienna on April 20. The health of the Pope, owing to his strong constitution and judicious treatment, has improved. He heard Mass on Wednes- day morning, and received during the day members of various ecclesiastical orders. That his position was at one time critical may be surmised from the fact that Cardinal Antonelii deemed it necessary to forward a note to the Catholic powers requesting that there might be no interference with the freedom of action of the College of Cardi- nals in choosing a successor to the Papal chair. 