ORIGINAL POETRY. The Ruin. DYNEVOR CASTLE, S. WALES. I stood within the castle walls, And gazed around in wondering awe, I viewed the ancient chieftain's balls, 'Twas not a common sight I saw; The tottering tower with age was bent, The massive gates in fragments lay, Old Time to war his aid had lent, And all was crumbling to decay. Ivy, Time's favorite badge, was seen, Through window-frame of stone it crept, The turrets docked with mantle green, And hugged the tombs where warriors slept, The battlements where warders paced The lone night watch in feudal times, The banquet halls which beauty graced, And barons quaffed the Burgund wines, And graceful arches marked the place Where once the sacred chapel stood. And there, to war of sects disgrace, Defaced were tombs of great and good; The shades of evening closed around, And shadows flitted 'cross the scene, I stood on what was holy ground, And where a sacred house had been, There lay the monk in slumber deep, Who in those aisles the prayers once said; The warrior slept in death his sleep, But Time his course still onward sped. Those ruins, as by moonlight seen, The painter's art might best pourtray, To me it is as some fair dream Which Time has failed to chase away. * * * * * * Bright shone the moon o'er ruined aisle, Her shadowings cast from highest tower, She seemed upon the tombs to smile, And to the scene gave witching power; I looked upon the sculptured tomb Where statue form of chieftain lay, 'Twas said that till the day of doom About that spot his shade would stay. For he had done some deeds so foul His spirit could in peace not rest, Probation for the blood-stained soul Earth has no ties to bind the blest. The moonbeams on his features played, They danced on tower, the tombs around, Then, as it were, their brightness stayed, Methought the stony figure frowned. The night owl screeched its startling cry, The bat now swift and swifter flew, The night wind sighed its mournful sigh, The moon beclouded sank from view. Moonlight works a marvellous change. Makes ghosts of owls, of bats, and trees; Ah well, thought I, 'tis fancy strange, No wonder 'mong such scenes as these. J. S. W. Wollongong, December, 1873. 