SELECT POETRY. AN ODE TO THE QUEEN. The library edition of Tennyson's " Idylls of the King," just issued by Messrs Strahan and Co., bears at the close the following ode to the Queen :— O Loyal to the royal in thyself, And loyal to thy land, as this to thee— Bear witness that Tememberable day When, palo aB yet, and fever-worn, the Prince Who scarce had pluek'd his flickering life again From half way down the shadow of the grave, Past with thee thro* thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled imllionB, and long leagues of man And welcome! witness, too, the silent cry, The prayer of many a race, and creed, and clime— Thunderless lightning striking under sea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm,' And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame use " Keep you to yourselves ; So loyal is too costly! Friends—your love Is but a burthen: loose the bond and go." Is this the tone of empire ? here the faith That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hougomuont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven P What shock has fool'd her since, that ehe should speak So feebly ? wealthier—wealthier—hour by hour! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half lost among her seas ? There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy Prince! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our occan-empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle That knows not her own greatness; if she knows And dreads it we are fall'n.—But thou, my Queen, Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old, and shadowing sense at war with Soul Rather than that Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from mountain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still; 01 him Of Geoffrej's book, or him of Malleor's, one Toueli'd by the adulterouB finger of a time That hover'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements; take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours 5 for some are scared who Mark, Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy trucklings to the transient hour, And fierce or careless looseners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn ot simple life, Or Cowardiee, the child of lust for gold, Or Labour, with a groan and not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'n from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm ; the goal of this great world Lies beyond sight; yet—if our slowly-grown And erown'd Republic's crowning coumon sense, That saved her many times, not fail—their fears Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. 