? v ? ' ; ARCHDIOOKSAN SYNOD. ? On Tuesday next a synod of the clergy of the archdiocese will be held in St. Mary's Cathe dral at 10 o'clock a.m. , to which the whole of the priests of the archdiocese have been sum moned. His Grace the Archbishop will solemnly open the proceedings with Pon tifical High Mass of the Holy Ghost, after which the synodical action will commence: ? The laity are permitted to be present until after the hymn 'Veni Creator Spiritus' is mushed. ' The usual blessing at the close of the Mass will not be given until the end of the sessions, which ?will be divided intopublic and private. During the first public session the decrees of the Provincial ?Council of Melbourne will be solemnly promul gated. During the afternoon a private session will be held, at which matters specially concerning the welfare of the archdiocese — such as discipline, &c.; — will be discussed, and when defined will be solemnly sanctioned in public session on Wednesday, when Mass of the Holy Trinity will be celebrated. To Dean Sheridan has been allotted the duty of arrang ing for the entertainment of the clergy during the- continuance of the synod ; and the Rev. Fathers Birch and M'Cartliy are deputed to see to their residence during their stay. The entire ceremonial arrangements will be under the control of Fathers Colletti and Walsh. The sittings will be concluded, we learn, on Wednesday evening, when a solemn ' Te ' Demn' will be sung. St. Mary's Building Fund. — The fol lowing is the treasurers' report for September : —Cash received: St. Mary's, £227 11s.; Sacred Heart, £46 11s. Id. ; North Shore, £4 17s. 9d. ; St. Patrick's,' £18; St. Bene dict's, £3 7s. ; vSt. Francis's, £148 14s. ; Newtown, £20 ; Ryde, £10 ; Parramatta, £13; Paddingfon, £42; Waverley, £30; Waterloo, £40 ; Liverpool, £45. Total, £649 Os. lOd. Cash paid : F. Riordon, £12 10s ; watchman. £5 14s. ; platform in seminary, £4 15s. Total, £22 19s. Amount to credit in Commercial Bank 30th September : Deposit, £2000 ; current account, £123 7s. Id. Total, £2123 7s. Id. Departure of the Bishop op Mel bourne for Europk. — The telegrams from Melbourne announce the departure of the Eight Rev. Dr. Goold for Europe, by the mail steamer, and also of Dean Moore, of Ballarat. Bathukst Schools. — A detailed ac count of the Catholic schools in Bathurst will appear in our next issue. Complimentary Picnic to the Mayor. — A return picnic to the Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney, in return for their entertainment a fortnight ago, took place at Clontarf on Tuesday. Notwithstanding the threatening appearance of . the morning- the guests — to the number of 500 ladies and gentlemen — proceeded to the spot chosen for the convivial gathering, where arrangements on an .extensive scale were made for their amusement. Towards noon the weather cleared up, so that there was nothing to mar the pleasures or the day. The banquet, provided . by Compagnoni, was spread in a spacious marquee, and was presided over by Mr, John Booth, M.L.A. After the usual loyal toasts,, the hon Henry Parkes proposed the health of the Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney, to which the Mayor (Mr. Merriman) responded. A number of other toasts were given and acknowledged, and the party returned to Sydney about 7 o'clock. The Hibernian Society. — Our readers ?v ill observe, by reference to an advertisement in a lothor page, that the above society intends ?'celebrating the third anniversary of its estab lishment by a. grand dinner and ball. Wednes day evening next is the time fixed for the cele bration, which, will take place in the Masonic ' Hall, York-s-reet. The arrangements are, we understand, very complete, the Volunteer band ' has been engaged for the occasion, and a large attendance is expected. An attractive pro gramme is prom'sad, but, independently of this, we feel sure a great many outside the society will join very heartily in celebrating its festival. Fire. — A destructive fire broke out at the United Omnibus Company's hay store, Harris street, Ultimo, at half-past four, on M onday after noon. It was observed issuing from some lucerne hay, stored in the centre of the building, by some workmen, who immediately gave the alarm, and all hands turned out to assist in extinguish ing the flames. Four engines, including the steamer Fire King, arrived about half-an-hour after the fire broke out, but although a plenti . ful supply of water was available, the flames had obtained such a hold on the inflammable materials, that there was little hope of their being able to save it, and their efforts were directed chiefly to confine it to the building where it originated, and to saving a cottage and stable adjoining, the latter of which contained 220 horses belonging to the company. These ? . two buildings and the horses were fortunately saved, but the furniture and contents of the cot . tage wereaeriously damaged by thosewho volun teered their assistance to preservethem. Beth the hay store, which was a building about 150 feet in length and 42 in width, compsoed of wood and iron, and its contents were almost totally . destroyed. The estimated value of the pro perty burnt is about £2300, which is partly covered by an insurace of £1000 in the Liver pool, London, and Globe Office. The origin of the fire is unknown, but it probably proceeded from the over- heating of the lucerne which was ? first observed to be in flames Legislative Council Bill — A mass, meeting was advertised to take place in the town-hall, Bathurst, last night, presided over by the mayor, for the purpose of signing a requi sition supporting the Ministry in their attempt to reconstruct the Legislative Council on a new basis. The meeting was expected to be a large one, more particularly because the opponents of the new bill have stated that the people have not spoken out concerning, and by implication care nothing about the measure. It is evident that the people of Bathurst do take an interest in the new bill, and their action in the matter will probably be followed in other districts. Picnic to Mr. and Mrs. Madley. — A farewell picnic was given to Mr. and Mrs Madley on Saturday last, at Correy's Tea Gardens, Botany, prior to their departure for Adelaide, Mr. Madley having been, a short time ago, appointed to the head-mastership of the new model school in that colony. From Mr. Madley's well-known ability as a teacher, and the high state of efficiency in which he leaves St. James's Denominational School in this city, we predict for him a successful career in the sister colony ; and while we approve of his promotion, we cannot avoid giving expression to a. widespread opinion that we are losing from our midst one of our most competent and excel lent teachers. About 120 ladies and gentle men, friends of the above, accompanied them in three large 'buses, and having arrived at Botany, the day being beautifully fine, outdoor sports were freely entered into, while those who preferred to trip it on the 'light fantastic' enjoyed themselves right merrily to the music of a good string band. About two o'clock the company were summoned to partake of an ex cellent dinner, laid out in the pavilion, under the direction of Mr. Correy, and when ample justice was done to the good things provided, and the usual loyal toasts having been drunk, the chairman (Mr. Bridges, master of ;the Fort street Model School), who was supported on his right and left by Mr.- and Mrs. Madley, called on the company to charge their glasses and drink health, long life, and prosperity to Mr. and Mrs. Madley. He said that Mr. Madley, as a member of their profession, had been en gaged in this city for several years, and the success which had attended his efforts were patent to all. They rejoiced at his wellde served promotion, and he Wcis sure that the sister colony would, in a short time, have cause to be proud of their friend, for he was positive that after Mr. Madley had thoroughly organized the system in Adelaide, their schools would be equal to those of this colony — lie would not say better, for he did not think our schools were second to any. As a volunteer he took the warmest interest in the No. 7 Company, and much of its efficiency was due to that gentle man. But in whatever light we viewed Mr. Madley's character, whether as a citizen, or a friend, or volunteer, his open, generous, manly nature stood prominently forward, and endeared him to all ; and as to his better half (Mrs. Madley), her kind and gentle manners and warm friend ship won her friends amongst all classes. In bidding Mr. and Mrs. Madley good-bye, they all felt that they were about to separate from dear and valued friends, and he was sure every one present would join with him in doing full justice to the toast he had proposed. Mr. Madley, in returning thanks for himself and wife, did so in the most warm and feeling manner. Several other toasts were also proposed, amongst which were those of the ' Council of Education,' 'the Ladies,' and 'the Chairman.' The whole of the company returned to Sydney shortly after seven o'clock highly pleased with the manner in which the day had been spent. Extensive Forgeries. — Henry Clay, alias James Menzier, a prisoner in Parramatta gaol, was brought up to the district police court on the 7 th instant, charged with forging notes on the City Bank. From information furnished by another prisoner, Clay's cell was searched, and a large number of notes on the CityxBank were found there. The notes, which were all forged, were found sewn up in the prisoner's bed, and also a piece of paper contain ing the address of a woman purporting to be his mother, which had been given to him Avith the consent of a warder of the gaol. On searching the prisoner, after the discovery of the forged notes, the following articles were found upon him : - Two pens, paint, drawing pen, Indian ink, rubber, engrossing pen, three pieces of stone, small pencil, and pencil-compass, two pieces of pumice stone, sealing wax, and a piece of paper containing a list of the articles. When Tuidcane, one of the warders, was passing his cell about half an hour after, prisoner said, 'I can't tell who has informed, because no one knew it but one man, that was Harry Cust.' On the fol lowing morning he said to Tuidcane, ' It's a bad job, but I'll tell the truth. None of the notes have been passed.' Some of the articles were found in a book in his waistcoat pocket, with s»me india-rubber and a small stone. It appears that information was received so long as eight months ago about these notes being in circulation in the gaol, and a magisterial exa mination t'--ok place, depositions of which were forwarded to the sheriff. He was committed to take his trial at- the Parramatta quarte.1 ' sessions, to be held on the 24th instant. Deputation. — The Minister tor Works was waited upon on Wednesday by a deputation to present three petitions from the employees of the Great Northern Line and others in favour of the eight hour movement. ? The Minister pro mised that the subject should receive the atten tion of the Executive. Lost in- the Bush. — A young Dian of 20 — a harmless lunatic — and five boys, aged from 6 to 12 y^ars, residing at Campbelltown, were missed by their parents on Sunday night, and it was supposed had lost themselves in the bush. The fathers of the boys, and many other persons, immediately instituted a search for them, and remained out all night examining the bush in all directions, but no trace of them 'ould be discovered. 