LOST IX THE J3USH. A correspondent of the ]jainx\Auii Kstr.uimr, at the lilack Uuy, supplies the following iiccmuit : — On Monday, the 7th inst., Mr. - ? -1.-, pcIiooI mastcr, Mathinn.i, proceeded by Hope's Tut to Lamirrsioii, fort ho purpose of obtaining medicftl advice for his wife. He rodo t In1 nuiiini-- ???ioncr's lnr.se, and was accompanied I'j' hN dog— a 1 irgt1 wiiy-haiiid, fox-hc-ideil, huli'bivd. (Jur os lei'itiud hupeiiuteudent of the Sunday whool, llr. (Jeorgi'Lcll, in endoavoriiig Ui dtlain tlie brute, was severely bitten about lLo hand'., and conipdl'd to let, him go. Mr. Cole arrived, upon his return from Launceston, at the old she) herd; , hut on the top of Roses Gup shortly after .sunset. Here the dog gave chase to a kan garoo, and the horse bolt-!d off the track. ?Jr. Cole found himself involved in a thick tangle of scrub and limber. Fiuding that he was lost, he dismounted aud let the horse go. The night was spent exposed to wet and coM, the wood being too damp to make a fire. On the folJow ing morning, accompanied by his dog, he en deavored to make his way out of the scrub, but without success ; the scrub became denser, the country more broken and abrupt : great rocks mid perpendicular declivities barred his path. He discovered a waterfall descending in one nn brokiih volume from a height of SiKlft., and loitft. i of rocks towering above it. Being in despair of r-v.ipe, and the horrors of starvation staling him in the face, he determined to sacrifice his dog ; thereupon ensued a terrible combat. Mr. Cole, armed with a peukuife, endeavored lu cut tJic dog's throat, aud the wiry brute struggled with him fur life, gnawing his hands, and wounding them cruelly. The schoolmaster rose triumph ant from the deadly combat, a fire was lit, and s»me Ktc.iks of dog's meat grilled upon the glow ing coals, it was. however, only tisted, 1 am inionned, notwithstanding the hunger-gnaw. The .-chooluiaster was scarcely eijual tu feasting ficely upon the reniaius of Lis departed friend. As s. provision fur future necessity, he cut uff the 1 -.??*.?! aud_ hind quarters and carried them with !iii:i, following the creek downward in the hope uf striking a road. Thuivday ui^lit was spent by a fire, but the night was frosty and bitterly cold. ai:d he suffered much. Friday morning he made further down the ctiek, aud came upon a farm house occupied by a i.arty rejoicing in the cognoineu of Taff Yares. He was so much ex hausted that for sntne time he could not speak ; his elf -t lies were torn into rags, and he was par tially deranged through the mental excitement and phynical hardships he had undergone. TJil first me 1m made of his voice was to ask for food. Having recruited a little under lue hospitalities of Mr. Jones, he was l.i ought to the iii.:ck Boy, where he arrived 'i s most dep*. rable condition, being peifi-elly hulples^, and occasionally wandering in his mind, fancying himself still lost in the bush, and cooeein^. Mr. A. K. Chapman, coinmi.^ioiier, with con siderate kiudhess, put the unforiuu ite ptntle man in his own bed, and sat up v.ith huu all night. I am happy to state that lie is uow rapidly recovering, and in a few days will be able to resume his duties. This ii the second time Mr. Ode has been lo^t on the hack I.. fjiuiiCestou ; several others have incurred the same fate, narrowly escaping wiili their lives. ExoDris or Fahmehs into New Siu'tii Wales.— Tlri fact that numbers of agi- irulturi-t;-. are crofiir-; over the border from \iri.ori.i In* ? . New Sonth Wales has been Rpoken of in one n. more r-f ihe Victorian paper*. On Thursday last, tli-. ..i liter was brought under the noiice of the Legislative Assembly. On that evouinj. reports the Argus, Mr. Stewart called tit? attcu tion of tho Minister of Lauds ~to. the advantages given to selectors iu^Kew South Wales, and to the exodus of farmers from Victoria into that colony^ and to the desirableness of the early in troduction of an amending land bill to give an increased area to settlers hero. Large .lumbers of agriculturists were crossing the border into New South Wales, because the area of land they could take up here was too email for them, and because in New South Wales they could select 320 acres, and get ft grazing lease over three times Hint quantity of land. In reply Mr. Casey (Minister for Lands), said he was aware that a considerable number of persons were crossing the border into New South Wales, but he be lieved they were not what might be called agri cultural settlers, but simply squatters. (' No.') The area of selection in New South Wales was only the same as in Victoria, namely, 320 acres : but New South Wales selectors were permitted to take up more land under a grazing license. Land, however, taken up under that grazing liceuso could be selected by anybody else. The selectors only had an exclusive right over 320 acres. The Amending Land Bill would be in troduced as soon as the state of the business permitted. The Alleged Murdeu at Oysmi Cove.— The If. T. iferciiry states that at the sessions of the Criminal Court held on the 15th instant, the man George Langlcy, charged with the wilful murder of Maria Lungley, his paramour, was placed upon his trial. It will be remembered that on the 31st of May last the deceased was drinking at Flight's public-house, and the pri soner went to fetch her home. When tlie couple started from the hotel Maria Lungley (as the deceased was known; was the worse for liquor, and it would appear that Lingley and deceased wese seen some time jater in the evening lying on the side of the main roRd, comewhere about midway between Langlev's hut. and the public h'Hise, nnd thnt deceased was heard calling out, ' Oh George, doil'tkickme.' Subsequently the prisoner went to a house not fur distant from the spot where the. cries proceeded, and asked the inmates to come to his assistance, thai his wife (meaning tue -deceased) was feeble and unable to -?et along. The inmat«« followed him to the spot where tbe woman lay, and it was discoverer! that eho was -dend. Lwiglcy appeared to he much pat about when he learned this, fie wept bitterly, and said tlwt the woman had wandered gwny from him while lio was looking for alight, we body was removed now morning. And in a -wy «r two Dr.TSntftb made a post-mortem woHMrinthn', which revtaled tho fact that the patfuH Jiftd died from inj dries to abdominal regions produced by a succession of voilet blows, aiid Lungley whs taken into custody. At the trial, Mr. Graves, who defended the accused, laid great stress on tbe fact that deceased, although a drunken woman, had lived with the prisoner for 18 or 20 years, and had always been well treated by him, as a proof that even if he had inflicted the injuries which produced her death, he had no intention of doing her any serious harm, and that therefore the jury could only find him guilty of manslaughter. The summing np of the learned Judge, however, was decidedly opposed to the construction put upon the case by Mr. Graves, but the jury, after about forty minutes' deliberation, returned a verdict of man slaughter, and prisoner was put back for sen tence. HOKRISLK C/U5E OF rNFANTIcmK IN VICTORIA. —The following partitfilars arc given by the BtndiQo Adverlwr respecting the case, of infan ticide reported by their Sandhurst correspon dent : — ' A case of supposed murder of an infant child surrounded with circumstances of a pecu liarly horrible snd atrocious character, came to light on Thursday morning at Eaglehawk. It is one without pnrallel in the district, and almost unprecedented in the crime records of the colony. For the last three months a young woman named Bridget Macartney, about 26 yeans of age, has been employed as domestic servant at Mr. B. Buckley's hotel and boarding-house, High-street, Eaglehawk, and recently it was srsp-'Clod that she was enrtinU^ but on being questioned about it she denied that such was the case. Yesterday morning, at about half-past 7 o'clock, a lad named William Cole, in the employ of Messrs. Williams and Co., who carry on business in the adjoining establishment, went into the yard at t'.e rear of the premises for the p:irp.ise of failing the pigs. He saw iu the pen a human skull, alt-ached to which was the back : b.me. ]y-1h of lhc«e were perfect, and they i wore, apparently, the remaining fragments o! | the body of an infant which had been devoured i by the stvine. There was no trace of any other ! hiiinaii hones. The face was Ft ill clean and | uutouch-d by the pigs, but they hod noi finished ? their mcil when Uie discovery vta* made, other wise tiny mii.'ht have consumed the whole of the body, bones, and all, and thus annihilated nil traivs of the foul deed. Information was at oucc given to the police, and sergeant Webb pro ceeded ti- ther,Ci?neorthcdrcadful occurrence, and having taken chargeoftbercmah sinadeinquincs. He found that tbe girl Macartney had left Buckley's, although the was seen there by one witness at an early hour that morning, engaged in her domestic work. The police dis covered that she had taken refuge at the house of an old female nurse of the name of Pearson, in the same street, near the Crown Hotel. Arriving there they went into the bed room, snd found, her in bed, very weak and ill, and displaying all the appearance of a woman after childbirth. She was asked if she had had a child, but she would not reply to the qncstion. She was also asked if she rcquiixd the attend ance of a medical man, but t-.hu refused to re ceive any. Tho police considered that these facts justified tho presumption that tho child found mangled in tho pigstyc belonged to the girl, nnd that she had given birth to it during the uight, and and afterwards plr.cjd it with tho pigs, in order, if po-eible, to get it out of the way. Sergeant Webb then caused her to be ar rested, and when charged with the offence A\e did not Rpeak a work iu reply. She was inn state too feeble aud dangerous to be removed to 1 the watchhouse, aud she was allowed tu remain ! in M is l'earsou's hou-e for the time being piiud ing her recovery. La.,t night a po!icvni.i:i re ', inaiued in charge, and she1 will continue t.i i-.i- j kept under Purveyance until she is ivrn ??-,-. Ito the lock-up.' Tht Ii-n4i-j, Iwl^i .?? .?'.;,.' aJ:ls : — 'Macartney admitted ha'vi:jgi,;.i.vl '.! _ body where the remains we:e sub-.e-j'.K':.'! ,- found, and state,! that K\w chili when b ..^ did not \ make any noise, aiid co.is'.ijii i.'ly she had taken th-it mode of di.-i.;-i.i_- of it. Mrs Buckley uiibraidnl h-r t:\\\\\i , .i treachery and deceit, but thf ^ii-l did ii- -i seem to feel the full Wt- ighl uf hi'-i1 ],?? i-' ? i ' A D.iI'bly Dan...:-.- : :-'iikak. — Some young t'conudi'ci.-.iuTli.i-^.; :v ; Lilt last, about9o'clock '.it- 1 M -rt s t he 1 1'. :.;, : ? i ? ' . ./? i Express), attempted ;i sIj;:uk-!ii! fii-k ?..;?; ;jie view of frightening tiiu.i.'uus pa-- (?:- L .- ile possessed himself of a EiK-eT as; ; a ; . :..- : ..juts, aud, arrayed iu tlie | former, Im v. : i behind oi.e of the tree en cl.iiiiio-ii.^ '....??? .; Dr. Robinson's residence and j the pjU:c - ;i . .i the approach of some one upon . w'j-.-.ij to ; .. ;;oc the effects of his ghostly 1 raiiuvii*. ? .tunattly for him these shortly ;a»l.^.i:v'li!i ihe persons of two young women. j l*po:i i,- appearance one screiimed, but was jS'iili' i. niiy self-pospossed to run. The other, ! h'lwt- ver, boldly Btood her ground, and ajwstro : phisj.i the ghost with so weighty a stone in her : lja:ii that he clearly proved his fleshly origin by jdT- liuingto come too near, as the damsels ; sj-.^m of ' laying' spirits was not to his taste. At the Water Police Court in Sydney recently ' a female witness, a uative of the Green Isle, under eramiuition, informed tho bench that the defendant's wife was a distant relation of bets. Being pressed for an explanation, she said .she could not psv precisely what the degree of afiiuity wa«, bat tliti defendant's wife's grandmother's father was married to L«r mother's uncle. The answer caused a. good deal of morrimont in court. TfiranainoLrV Retclvf.r.— The Fiji Gazette has the following :—' Somewhat of a curiosity isannounced fur raffle at Messrs. Lazarus and O'ConneU's, mid, if seuuiue (.which we are assured it in), luore will doubtless be a rush for it. It is do less thiu a revolver, which it is asserted waB the property of the notorious 'Thunderbolt' Revolvers are becoming his torical. The celebrated revolver of poor Burke lies in the Museum at Melbourne ; and the one belonging to the bushranger Thunderbolt will very likely take its place hi some- collection of curioBitkg in this country which may perhaps form the nucleus of the future national museum of Fiji ! 1' Cheap Stump Ppixer.— How to con struct a cheap stump-puller, and what can be done with it, is thus told by a correspondent of th0 ij'iio Fanner: — 'Have a chain made of the best round charcoal iron, at least l£ inches in diame ter and 8 feet long, with p ring in each end 2A inches in diameter ; one side of these rings must be fonned like a link. Attach one ring to a band of iron 2j inches broad, 1 inch thick, and 1 foot in diameter, with a small offset for the ring to lodge in. This band should be levelled on the inrnde edge, to make it slip on the pole readily and prevent cutting it. Cut a nice, straight, tapering hicory, white oak, or locust lever, 1 foot in diameter at the butt, and 20 feet long. Take off the bark and lumps, smoothly put on the band, lej, it come within 2 feet of the large end, at which point put in two small pins of iron, to prevent Jt going any further. Within four inches of the small end put on a common ox yoke clevis, with a ring m it to null by. -. Hitch on two yoke of oxen. Drive on the right of the ntump, until the band passes the stump n few inches. Pass the chain round the stump on the leftside, and draw it tight, with no twist in the chain. A little above the lever drive in a common wedge, and put the ring on the widge. Then glee round Sn a circle until the stump is twisted out. This machine will take out about half tho bod Btuinna iu a field, ofloiig standing, without cutting the brace roots. Common sized greou stumps can be taken out also by cutting the brace roots flint, aud digging a little. Aflcr ovcrytmug is ready, with the Aeaiii and .two hanuB I can take up 100 or more stumps per day, and it is no draft at all on the cattle, except tho labor of pulling tho lover torn stump to stump,' 'Brrklev, Sept. lSGil.— Ocntlcmen, I fuel it a duty I owe to you U- express my gratitude for the great benefit 1 navo derived liy taking ? Norton's Uaniomilurillfl.' I applied to your nguut, Mr Bell, Berkley, f'.r the ubovoaamed Pills, for wind in the stomucli, from which I' suffered oxcruciating pain ft length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any bcnelit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuaWo pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health, l'loa&c; give tuis publicity for the.bcuent of tbosewho may thus be afflicted. — 1 wn, Sirs, yours truly, Hexhv A lifass. Proprietors of Ivortou;B Cainnmilc l'ills. ' 