THE DRAMAS " On Alonday Mr, Fnirclougb, who appears in print as the American tragedian, and who not long ago arrived from England under engagement to Messrs. Harwood, C'oppin and Co., inado liis dclul at tho Theatre Royal in tlio character of Hamlet. It seems to be. an idiosyncrasy of stars, undeterred by the failure of numerous histrisnio meteors that have gono before, to select Hamlet as tlioir opo ring performance. Fools rush in where angels fear to troad, and tlius it , is that the attempts licro to portray the Swan of Avon's 'conception of tho unfortunate Prince of Denmark havo resulted in decided fiascos. Of Mr. Fairclough, however, it may bo said that he is an oxccption to the general rule. His Hamlet throughout gave proof of intel ligence and Study on tho part of the actor. Air. Fairclough, 011 his appearance, was greeted with that cordial welcome which an Australian audience always accords to those socking its patronage and approval. Air. Fairclough dresses tho part iu a block velvet sliirt, the alcoves being violet slashed witli black velvet. Ho discountenances the ilaxon wig that has lately come into vogue, and contents himself with dressing his own hair in simple fashion. The principal draw- . backs to Air. Fnirclougk's complete success aro a want of sympathetic modulation of the voice, and a tendency to dwell too long on unimportant words. A French writor not long ago gravely assorted that obesity was tlio key-noto to Hamlet's madness, and jubilantly, in proof of his theory, quoted tho words, "Oil that this too solid flush would melt." Tho maimer in which Air. Fairclough emphasises and dwells (upon the " too " inigfit load one to believe that he inclined to tho view taken by tho Gallic commentator. Air. Fairclough has a method of liis own for the pronunciation of words, and, oven allowing that lie has good autho rity for his peculiarity in tliis respect, satyr, canonised, and paragon aro by 110 means harmonious to English ears. liis constant endeavor to stand in the fifth position kocome3 monotonous, and onogcts tired at tho stereotyped flourish of the hand with which ho oouclude8. liis leading speeches. Air. Fairclough possesses forceanil powor to a con siderable degree, and makes good various S suits, but is wanting in ideality andpathoB. 11 tho whole, however, his performance of -Hamlet proves, without a doubt, that ability' is not laoking. The line, "So, saw yet not his face," in tho first act, was rendered with effoct, tho tone of anxious inquiry with whioh , the question was asked being particularly tolling. The astonishment at beholding in tho GhoBb liis father's likeness was well expressed, and the " Unhand me, gentle men," when restrained by his comrades from following the spectra, was given xvitk dramatic force. At the words, " Host per turbed spirit " Air. Fairclough kneclH on tlie. stage, and kisses tho hilt of his sword, and thoro is cortainly a something about tho action that well agrees with tho situation. Tho transition from impotent , rage to tlio cogitation of how toavengehis father'sniurilei; by means of the play, beginning "about my brains " was Tut too sudden to ho effective, aud iu the concluding lines, " Tlie play, tho play's tho thing," there was a decided tou- ilonoy to rant. In the soliloquy, " To.bc, or not to bo," tlio elocution was defective, and the words, " take up arum against a siege," of troubles, was substituted for tho ordinary reading of the passago. Tho play scene was hard, tlio absonco of light, Bhailo, and softness being particularly noticeablo. Mr. Fairclough . was most offective in the closet scene, and acted with vigor, but still with a keen perception of thd exigencies of tho situation. He is not all cruol towards the orn-ing mother, filial affection is allowed to poep through tlio rngo which agitates Ins breast against his father's murderer. At the words, "Lay. not tlio flattering unction to thy soul," ho sank on one knee, and encir cling tho Avaist of tho queeu Avith one arm, gazotl ploadingly into hor face. Had tlio pathos of tlio voico been in ac- dance with tho action, this would havo mado a really artistic situation. At tlie conclusion of tlio lines, " Bad begins, but worso remains bohind," ho turns to tho pic ture of his uncle, action and voico expressing theanost bitter hatred, and then, as if over come bvtbo intensity of . his passion, falls ex hausted into a chair as the curtain descends. Tho whole of tlio closet scone is conducted standiug, a decided improvement on tho gonornl custom. "A seated attitude does not allow scope for much varioty," anil two people comfortably seating themselves for a tSte a (tie. conversation forcibly reminds ono of tlioso mysterious confabulations of stage villains anil thoir accomplices beginning, " motbinks 'tis uow souio twonty years ago," anil is out of plac9 at such a mooting as that between Handet and his mother. In tho graveyard sceno Mr. Fairclough in clined toomucn totlio melodramatic stylo, and in tho closing scene, where the combinod treachery of tho King and Laertes doos its work, the death struggles were n.arkcil by stagoy contortions which considerably marred tho effectiveness of tho situation. Mr. Fair clough received a call after each act, and on appoaring was greeted with well-merited applause. He has shown himself possessed of powor and intolliconco, and will most E rob ably on becoming better acquainted with is audiences make a fair and successful bill for public favor. Mademoiselle Eugenie Legrand made her first appearance as Ophelia, and did not achieve that triumph which the perusal of lier dramatic ante cedents pointed to. Alademoiselle Legrand speaks with a decided French accent, and is at times almost unable to make herself under stood. Slio appears to be now to 1 tage busi ness, or else is afflicted witli tho most painful nervousness, arising no doubt from the fact of having to address a strange audience in a language other than her mother tonguo. Mademoiselle Lcgraml is gmcoful, anil pos sesses youth and good looks, and it is there fore but charitable to presume that she has as yet only bccu seen at her worst, and will, Ud)gn the confusing novelty of her position lias worn1 qff, givo proof of hitho to hidden talout. Airs, oteolo played tip Queen with dignity and ease, anil Air. Ireland, nfthqugh still showing traces of his late indisposition, assumed tho rale of the king with sue- ; cess, -achieved mainly by the- richness" and careful modulation of liis voice. Air. Harwood, as the Ghost, was most impressive, and his make-up was ex cellent. As I'olonins, Mr. O'Brien was not p.t home, and was not. even perfect in the text, while Air. Appleton's Laertes was an uneven performance, requiring study to make it anything approaching to a success. Air. Munro played Horatio creditably, and Air. Grovillc as the first grave-digger xvas amusing. Tho piece was weU mounted, new scenery having been painted by Air. Honuings. The arrangomont of the Queen's clo.'.ofc was nrtistic, and a flood of rose-colored light lion red 011 tlio stage added greatly to tho effect.. The cutranco of the Ghost through the panel upon which the picture of himself in the llesli is painted is a good idea, anil appropriato to tho situation. Tbo cos tumes, which were obtained by Air. liar- wood during his late visit to England, are rich and tasteful, and the management dcscrvo credit for the maimer in which the play is put on tlie stage. Tho same care will be bestowed upon the other Shakspearian revivals. On Monday Mr. Fairclough will appear as Risliard, Duke of Gloucester. A vocal and instrumental concert,: in aid of the funds of the Hospital for Sick Child- ron, avos given on Tuesday evening in tho Assembly Hall, St. Kilda. The attendance, as waB to bo expeated from the first-class nature of the entertainment and tho object for which it was given, was good, and, as far as could be ascertained at tlietimo, the chqrity will benefit to tho extent of about £40. Tlio, programme, which had been pre pared evidently Avith ayicw to meeting, as far .-is might uo, the tastes of all olasses of patrons, embraced instrumental and vocal music, anil readings ; and when tho names of the AlisscB Lizzie aud Isabella Carasilini, the Rev. Charles Clark, and Alessrs. John Hill ami L. L. Lewis are mentioned, it is hardly necessary to add that the audience were highly delighted with what had been provided for tlioir delectation. Iu coiiiicction with this concert, it is unpleasant to liavo to state that ajdespicable attempt, uiifortunatoly to a certain oxtent successful, wn3 made to de fraud the charity in whose aid it was given. By some unexplained means a man, whoso name . is in the possession of the committee, obtained a number of tickets, and hawked thorn about.tho. streets iu tho vicinity of the hall. lVlicn the fraud was discovered a con siderable number had in this maimer been disposed of, but on search being niade tho offendor was not to bo found. The polico have the matter in hand. 