PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. -4- IsRso IDEAL OP Tmoo.--Biddy (to Pat in charge about a difficulty) : Never fear, Pat! Shure y'ave got an upright jidgo to thryye!-Pat: Ah, Biddydarlin', tihe divel an upright jidge I want! 'Tis wone that'll lane a little!! A SLIP of Suan-ocr.-Speaking of a middle-aged gentleman who had married a very young lady, " That man," said Mr. Murphy, " is old enough to be her father." "Not quite," replied Mr. O'Rourke. "There's only seventeen years difference between them. But he's quite old enough to be her mother." A FIx.-Hospitable Lady (with interesting daught ere): Ah! How do you do, Captain LovellP What an age since we met! Are you engaged this evening P -Soft-hearted Captain (who likes all interesting daughters): Er-No !-Hospitable Lady: Then come and dine with us!--Soft-hearted Captain: You're very kind! Most happy! At what o'clock P-Hoe pitable Lady: A quarter to 8. Au recoir!-Solt hearted Captain (suddenly recollecting that he has completely forgotten who the hospitable lady it, and not liking to say so): O-or-hum! Ahl --by-the bye-er--where are you staying now ?-Hospitable Lady: 0, the same old place-No. 16. Au recoir! (Exit hospitable lady.) A THIoG TO BE DONE BY BsTaLMRENTH,-- Aut Emily : You're surely not going to shoot me, Malcolm P -Malcolm: Well, nol Anyhow, not all at once, you know, 'cons ou're too big! A NoTE AND QUE?Y.-Farmer Drennidgo (meeting his rector at the Royal Academy Exhibition): Have you noticed this beautiful pictur', sir, No. 988, by Mr. Wee Prinsep, o' the evil sperite that entered the herd o' swine, and they rushed wiolently down the preci pice, and perished in the seal! Tha's the pictur' I'd like to her, air. But there's one p'int about that 'strordinary owent, sir, as has allus weighed on my mind, and I've often thought o' astin' o' you Rector : O, I shall be most happy, Mr. Dreonnidge, at any time to explain--Farmer Drennidge: Well, it's this 'ere, sir. (In a serious whisper.) Whew paid for they drownded piga, sir P I ! ! "OrNE on It Noo."-Yankee Passenger: Why on airth do you put blinkers on the horses in this benighted old country? We've long given 'em up in America, I reckon!-British 'Bus-driver: Well, I'll tell yer wot it is. If them 'ere 'oases was only just to catch a sight of you a sittin' be'ind 'em, they'd be that frightened they'd just smash the 'ole blessed 'bus all to pieces! TRUoas.-On the occasion of the royal meeting between the sovereigne of Persia and England, when the latter received the former in state at Windsor Castle, it was remarked by people addicted to whist and cribbage that the illustrious guest and hostess represented two Court cards-her Majesty the Queen of Hearts, and the Shah the King of Diamonds. MODEST Aassnua.E.-Lady of the House: Well, Mllicent, how do you like your new horse, " Roland" P -Millicent: 0, immensely! But he wants a firm hand, you know. He'd very soon run away with me, if I gave him a chance ; wouldn't be Robert P-Robert (first cousin to Millicent): Run away with you, if you gave him a chance P By George, if I can judge of "Roland's" feelings by my own, Iehould just think h oould ! REHay AnswEu.-Unele: Now, how did the mother of Moses hide him P-Niece: With a stick, Uncle. Hrstmoaca Paaa.LL.-Oromwell had his Iron sides; we have our iron-elade. POSITErv PaooP.-Laurenee: Not care for you now, Emily! Why, didn't I sit fourteen times for my photograph last week on purpose to please you! ACaDEMY PENcamtNGSo.-Affable Stranger: There, sir, my work tung on the line again I Sir Francis can appreciate a good thing, air.-Astonished Stranger : Eh P What P I thought Millain painted this - Affable Stranger (contemptuously) : 'E may have painted it, but I made the frame! REPORT ON 'CHANGE.-" I feel myself at home in the City," said his Majesty the Shab. "Here, at least, we all worship the profit. AN ExTIoGUISHEa.-Forward and Loquacious Youth: By Jove, you know, upon my word, now-if I were to see a ghost, you know, I should be a chatter ing idiot for the rest of my lifel-Ingenuous Maiden (dreamily) : Have you seen a ghost P A Rusrto Moaatras.--ector (going his rounds) : An uncommonly fine pig, Mr. Dibbles, I declare! Contemplative Villager: Ah, yes, sir, if we was only, all of us, as fit to die as him, sir! I AGGRovaTtNG FLrPPrAor.-Fiippant Lady; You seem depressed, Mr. Beauclero! No bad news, I hope P-Romantic Gentleman: Ah ! if one could only forget!-Flippant Lady: Dear me! Hadn'tyou better tell me all about itP and I'lforget itforyou! REFLECTION AT LoanD's.-The Duke of Wellington did o- did not say that the battle of Waterloo had been won in the Eton cricket-field. That was in the old time ; but if the cricket of those days was a pas time equivalent to military training in skill, courage, coolness, and endurance, how much more so is it now in this improved age of swift and over-hband bowling, which really amounts to a cannonade P (Our corres pondent says he was proceeding into some further improving meditations, when a ball flew at him vici ously and laid him on the turf.) Osvnous INITIATVE.--(A lively native of the deep sea seizes hold of a shepherd's dog by the tail, who makes off as fast as he can.)--Fishmonger (in a rage): Whustle on yer dog, mun !-Highlander (coolly): Whuetle on m' dog P Na, na, friend! Whustle you on your partan ! ! CHIGNONSe I HOamEHAIB.-Ladies have proved themselves capable of practising medicine; would they not be likewise equal to the practice of law, if they were eligible-and why should they not be Nobody would be obliged to retain female counsel who did not choose; and, if ladies of the long robe remained briefless it would be their own affair. The bar, were it open to ladies, would possibly attract many, if not by the expectation of being made " dashe ing" black "serjeants," at least by the hope of obtam ing a silk gown. 