Will of Napoleon III. (From L'Ordre.) IN the latter part of December, 1872, tho Emperor, feeling an aggravation of tho symptoms of the disease which was so soon to prove fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate success of tim operation which his physicians had declared to ba indispensable, was anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his hist will and testament. Tho will of the Emperor Napoleon III. is drawn in two very distinct parts Tho statesman, the Sovereign, tho dynastic chief, speaks in the one_; in the other, the private gentleman, the father, tho friend. Motivos of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon will not allow of our publishing at least, at present - the will of the private gentleman. The legacies and Inquests with which tho dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in tho shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest tho public in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would scarcely bo proper to gratify at the present moment. fut tho political will is a different thing altogether. This, from tho hour of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of th« immediate inheritance of the present generation, for whoso instruction it was written. lt will be noticed that thi* will is built up of a series of notes, thoughts, reflections, provisions, remembrances, written in meditative mood, during1 the tedious hours of exile. At the very momeut when tho Emperor saw rising bef oro him tho probability of an impending catastrophe, he rested satislied with the compilation of these notes, to which he was hardly aware that ho was giving tho last touch. This is tho document wo speak of, and which we print without reflecting or commenting on : " In tho name of the Very Holy Trinity, tho Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost. " M ad« aware by unheard of misfortune of the uncer tainly of worldly concerns at tin ago when it may plenfo Diviue Providence, after so many cruel trials, to with draw mo from this life beforo I havo been able personally to fulfil tho mission which I had dreamt of accomplishing, I owe it to tho honour of my name, to my responsibility beforo history, to tho future of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent nspiratious, such instructions as may guido hi;» conduct, in the hope that Heaven, soothed hy the overwhelming catastrophes which hnvo fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him in his endea vours to reinvest his country with its pust glory, pros perity, and grandeur. " Weighed down by the most unmerited nnd most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, tho caro of my justifi cation. " During tho twenty years that I was called upon by tho national will to manage the affairs of France I have reigned independently of any caro with regard to dynas tie interests or personal satisfaction. I feel the legiti mate pride of being n bio to declaro that I have brought that country to tho highest degreo of prosperity, influ ence, nnd ccîai that it lins ever been given to nny monarchy of tho past to enjoy. Whilo maintaining order in the interior, and opposing on iron hand to tho baneful covetousness of tho disinherited clnsses, I have brought nil my efforts to bear on tho moral, political, and social emancipation of tho labourer. Under no other regime has tho workman been in a moro prosper ous condition. Never havo tho relations between capitol and labour been carried on in a moro peaceful and satis factory way. " Notwithstanding tho renown of military glory which attached to tho founder of my rac", I had dreamed I had desired to exclusively dovoto my reign to tbosu efforts of democratic aud social emancipation ; and when, at tho opening of my career as a sovereign I suid at Bordeaux that ' tho Kuipiro was peace,' I expressed tho most siucero conviction that was over convoyed to Europo and to tho world. " Hut next to tho aspirations of my heart wero tho duties of tho monarch, and when I was induced to draw tho sword, it was never for any other motivo than to dofond, to allirni, or protect tho interests or tho honour of Franco. lu Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochin China, in Asia-Minor, tho triumphs of my gallant army hnvo exaltod tho grandeur of tho country. " At tho timo of lifo whon I am punning theso linos in tho expectation of soon appearing beforo God, who will judgo mo, [ refrain to sot myself up as a judge for others. I lt-avo to my sou, with tho recommendation of ultimately making 6uch UËO of them ns tho honour of my miine and his own may rcquiro, tho completo serios of documents which will show that, in respect to tho Moxieuu expedition, interrupted hy imperious motives of international right, and also to that last and fatal war against Prussia, I onco moro had solely in view tho honour and intorests of tho eouutry who for tho third time in tho space of twenty years had by a Bigual vote : entrusted its destinies to my keeping;. " History will explain how a series of fatal and tin foreseen misfortunes, inevitable casuulti s, improvident advises, disappointed provisions, improbable results, ended in the fuiluro of the most generous effort ovor attempted to affirm thc prerogatives and predominance of France. " Au unmentionable crime has complicated tho catas trophe, and while at ?. cdau I jeopardised my personal safety to secure that of my army, and to conclude a necessary peace, in Paris brainless demagogues wore working tho ruin ol' France hy uft'ording to tho con quering enemy the spectacle or a rc vol utiou against their legitimate sovereign ' A day, which is not far distant, will dawn whan Franco will know tho truth on nil tho facts and many other topics which havo huon distorted by calumny and tho nuiiniu* of political parties and on that day France, ntVr undergoing- so many trials, will recall to mimi the twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the reign ot' Napo leon. The instincts of tho people are monarchical, and no inonu-chy cnn reinstate France in ti safer position than the conqueror of Austerlitz. " If Providence deems my mission accomplished, and bequeaths to my sou the tusk of carrying out this work oil reparation, under the guManco ot his excelleut mother, my worthy aud beloved wit's, and that ot' tho devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, I advise him to revert to tho principles which inspired my acts at tho beginning- of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. " Europe has been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of the latter years, and Franco may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not bo one of reprisals, but ono of reparation Penco within and without. And should the necessity of upholding the national honour compel him to draw the sword, let him rely without fear on the courage of the French army, too accus tomed to seo victory crown its efforts under tho Im perial eagle to remain bowed down under tho influence of a temporary disaster " Let him, at homo especially, apply himself to de veloping the welfare of the working classes. Let him beware of tho enticement held out by certain pretended liberal doctrines, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. " Let bim see that respect is shown to thc legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute the basis of all social order. In awjy ding a necessary share in the manag- ment of public affairs to ttio freo debates of the tribune and the press, let him protect tho country against the excesses of those discussions which provo such fruitful sources of burren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order-order upheld iu tho interest of all and every one. "Tho experiment of tho last events has shown that nations aro seldom grateful. France, who had done everything for. tho enfranchisement of other countries, found herself deserted at a time of supreme ntewsity. Internationa alliances should be founded on the interests, ou tho hopes, and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. My son's endeavours should all tend towards ensuring tho soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse to arms, may repair tho disasters of war. Tho calamities consequent on successive insurrections during tho last two years have not been able to shake tho foundations of tim financial prosperity laid by the empire Tho empire will rondor that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore. " Eut to attain this result, nt thc samo time that it is necessary to proudly display before foreign nations the flag of France-ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters-it is incumbent on the nation to insist without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at homo, the principio ot' authority which the nation will onco more hasten to consecrate, shall be respected.' 