: : STRANGE STORIES; : ' iAnothepoof of tho'old adngo " murder w.i\l out" js given by the Trentoo ' Sentinel \--It is 40 years ago, or more, siuco tho. dead body of a stranger was found in the woods'/ near the Stoncy-brook.bridgo,- about ono ,mtlo 10 mo east 01 ronniugiou, a vinago. in too Stnto of New Jersey. We wcro'childron tlicn;"! residing near tho said village, and remember the cVftuinstahfts .well. It:was dp- incident to makb'nn impression in a quiet rural neigh- j bourhood. Yeaft later, when wq boys used to -go to swim in that locality., more or less fears ' wero always excited by rcfefcnce to iho oircura- sf/pecs-) for boyhood as well , as age, is super- stUinm«-> Nobody lelieves; in- "ghosts, and .almostrlevorybody is -afraid of them I::Tho boriy.jfts/odnd in h'-sitting posturo against a beccliH'tb&.fac'o. distorted, tbo oyes protruding .a3JhGgl;.tke dcad; man -bad died iri agony.; JliS'hat'lhy a- few foet -from him. His drcsg ; betokened ono being in ' comfortable 'circutnV sapce4.' "Ho was' a.'strangori' and no one over ?rpmorabqred-tq hayo seeu him. There wero uq, wounds upon, it, nod.no qvidenco of violence. At tbat-diy, public, scrutiny was not so aoato jiti referonco -to tho mystorious deed, and no (vordiot pf supposed murder was recorded. !And jnow'comes tho stran'go elucidation of the case. A few dftyB . inco accident placod in our honds at% copy of th'o / Man'ohcster? (Englqnd) Ex-: apiinor.' .. In. tbo number wd found the dying' jcbhfvssion of d inan DtVmed Duniql HulBoman, jackpop-lcdging to a murdcr perpetrated about 40 years r .ogo, ,\u, (hp State of. Now Jersey, |Goited -.Siates ofv America. The murdered 'mail's name was.'James-Eborbart. Tbo mur-' derer wos acquainted- with Iub victim in the1 od: country, and. came out about ono year bbforo Mm. Hulseman was n- tanner and "worked in New York., Wboii . Eherhart enmo out he sought his/old acquaintance. Ile liad abo'ut XOO in. money. On pretrnco of ex amining! the. country ;and -purchasing land, Hulseman went wilbEberhart on atovir through New Jersey. 'He had with' htm a flnsk of poisoned brondy, ns ho resolvcd to murder his frieVd for? the money? lie had. Thoy first sUftpoj at rincetoo,. and. then concluded to wpjk- across tho int.citrning nine miles to Pennington, tho weather being plensaot. ond publio. . travel being greatly circuiuscribed. When withjn-a-milo of tho. latter,. place they stopped: to cat food, thoy had procured. before starting. Hnlsetqan then p&s3ed; bis flask .10 bis companion who- drauk Rborally, and died withiu an hdur-theroafcer i in fcarful agony! Hulsemao looked .ont ajl tho/whilb, Ha tbon 'rjobbcdhirn' of Jhis ujqn'ey,- and ?sot'lhim.1u?p against- the, tree, as bofo ro, dose ribed ' ' Th ere aro.still old .men abouYPrincetpp j.who.w ijl .re member: this event. It seems almost marvel lous that after tho lapso of 40 years this affair should Havo' como' to light' by a 'death-bed Von: fessiou thrbo tliqus'aod miles fr6m . tbo place of cotpmiswop; ?ond yet it is dven so. " : " / ' » 