,THE CONVICTION, OF STOKES FOB, THE MTJBDEB OF JAMES 'FISK. (From tho New York Herald, January 5.) Oif tho lHst day of the your which has rolled by sinco Fisk fell mortally wounded on tho slairs,, of the Graud Central' Hotol, wb are called upon' to announce that tho Inw has ad judged Edward S. Stoke3 guilty of the murder charged npo'ii him. Yesterday the able defence said its last word, tho prosecution uttered ils lust, appeal, the impartial judjjo charged with clearness, and the jury retired. Thoso who havo felt the solemnity of the momonts that fallow at niich timo3 ; who huve traced upon llie prisoners lace llio tortunngalternation of hopo and fear that lifts by turns its bright browed spirit or its affrighting ghost, will need no picture here of the threo hours that preceded the whisper running round the court room of the jury having agreed. The heart broken sobs of -a bister, stabbed with the bitterest grief that the world can bring, would alono havo told last night tlmt tho verdict of \- the jury doomed the guilty 0110 to a degrading, infamous death. Society that shrinks from murder, that crips aloud for juslico or for vengeance before the victim's blood bus dried, soflo's its heart in pity before such sorrow. Tho crowd disperses ; tho patient jury scatter; even tho sad grief of tho hapless sister must flow in saccrd privacy of home. All that remains before us is the doomed man sitting alono in his iron-grated cell, with his ciimo and ils consequences swiminiug beforohiB oyes. A' pitiful, moving bight! Retribution, with cold ovo and immovable face, will show you tho further horrors that she demands boforo bho can' be satisfied. ' Mercy will plead to bo spared tho sight, 'but time will move on, aud only rc'vpnl ub ho goes which spirit will pre vail. Viewing the mnttor thus we go no furl her now. Twelve men havo indeliby fixed upon Stokes tho awful crime of murder, iho luff~ucd:';iti .executives will determine tlio rest; \- Wo aro not surprised at tho verdict. A year as;o all but 11 day, Fisk, bold, reckless intriguer as ho was, died by.' tho liaud of Stokes, a man with whom ho had .long boon engaged in a bitter quarrel. It would bo fruitless just now to outer into the details of that quarrel, which covered all within its range with sueh a loprosy of vice. Tho shameless faco of fallen woman* hood, thai blasts with its pernicious beauty bo many hearts and homos, worked .its sharo of sin which culminated in tho murder of one man and now cries for tho blood of another. When onco tho mind falls from its self-respect, in one particular, who can tell to what dopth of moral depravity tho dosconding slops will lead ? Tho twelve patient jurors of ycslorday have fearfully answored that question in tho oaso of Stokes. Another voice of tiie law will still inoro fearfully loll to-morrow 'at what cebt'. ? ' ' ' (From Mio.2v-!w York Times) January 5.) * As we liavo said, above all tho covert syni pathy that may, in boiiio quartors, bo '~folt for Stokes, there will- arise' a gonerul feeling of eatiufaolion that -.wo have reached -a turning point in our mur.der'. trials. Proceedings con ducted with a nearer approach1' than usual to professional decorum, a clear and explicit chargo from tho Bunch, and a ununiraous verdict, after muluro deliberation, 'by. the jury, all these ure somewhat of tho nature of novolliea in the trials of our grout criminals. ' To the score or bo of our alleged murderers who are awaiting trial in tho Tombs, tho conviction of Stokes will bo somewhat dopreasihg news. To llie_ public who wero greatly considering the probloui, wholhor tho murdbrora'and tho criminal lawyers uro not becoming too 'strong and too cunning for tho regular process of the law, the news will bo re assuring,' and will put un end, for tho present tit least, to a good dual of wild talk, partially jus tjfied by recent deeds' of, violence ' ^1 ^fOn tho 6th January, Judge Boardraan sen tenced Stokes to death, aud named the 28th of February as the day of his exeoution.] 