ST. 'PATRICK'S SOCIETY. The members of -St. Patrick's Society con cluded their day's amusement with n grand bull and supper in the , evening, at St. Patrick's Hall. 'There were between 250 and 300 persons present, and dancing was maintained with Rpirit throughout the evening to the strains of Smart's band. The large upper hall was handsomely decorated with evergreens, banners, and various em blcuis symbolical of the 'day celebrated. At ten o'clock dancing was 'stepped for a time, and a general adjournment was made to the supper mom on the ground floor, which was "decorated in a similar manner to the ball room. A cross table was placed at the upper end of the hall, while three other tables ran tbe whole length of the room. The chair was occupied by Mr. ALarlm Hood, president of St. Patrick's Society, and upon his right were seated Sir Charles Gavan Dully. Dr. Macartiioy, Mr. Curtain, ALL. A., and Afr. Wliitemaii, ALL. A. On the left were the hon. Air. O'Graily, Air. P. O'Brien, J. P., anil Mr. S. V. IV inter. After the tablc3 had been cleared, ami the usual loyal leasts disposed of, the chairman proposed the Par liament of Victoria, which was res ponded to by Air. Curtain, AI.L.A. The next toast was our Native Land and the day we celebrate, which was proposed by the chairman anil responded to by the hon. Air. O'Grady in a humorous but pa thetic speech, which was loudly cheered. In response to long continued calls Sir Clias. Gavan Duffy rose anil stated that he hail travelled a considerable distance that morning for the purpose of being present ut that liioetiiig. He liail intended to have asked to be excused from speaking, but when he heard the pleaiunt sound of Irish voices lie coulil not resist the call made upon him to address them. It was generally understood that polities were not to bo dis cussed at these meetings, but it was a great pleasure to find thnt once a year, whatever might be the mistakes made at the other end of Bourke-street, he was sure of a hearty welcome at that end,- and would meet friends who did not change in thoir opinions. When lie met them at tho same time last year, lie was just returning from a tour of the larger country districts, v/bcrc tho reception ac corded to tlic members of the Administration of which lie was then the head promised them a long tenure of office ; but now not only had" lie fallen from power, hut it had been publicly stated by certain well informed journals that he was politically dead. If this information was correct lie must say that the meeting had given his ghost a hearty welcome, and he would promise that every year, on tlie 17th of Alarcli, at the witchine hour of liiiilnieht, lie waulil appear again in St Patrick's. Hall, like Banqim's ghost at the ban quet. It bad also been staled by the same well informed journals thar, he was going home ns Aliiiister for Ireland. This was rather a strange mission for a ghost, but if the Irish Minister was to be responsible to an Irish Parliament . (Loud cheers.) Tlie latest news given by tbe same well in formed journals liad been that lie was about to change liis name. As this was not quite sin much of a fiction as sonic of the other statements, lie felt it was only duo to liis friends to let- them know how the meta morphoses had come about, it was well known thnt ill June last he resigned oliice an Chief Secretary of the colony, and' in the following October Viscount Canterbury wrote to him to ask if he would accept the position of a 'companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. As regarded _ Vis count Canterbury, lto\lcsired to say that ho had treated liim withgrcat kindness and cour tesy during tho time he had been ill office, and i for which lie would always ho liis debtor : but be certainly declined to grant hint a dissolution of Parliament, ivhcn lio thought ho liail a right tn such a course. Tlio offer of a' companionship of St. Michael and St. G.cm-go was however made about the time when the Secretary of State for the Colonics should have received the whole statement of the facts connected with the defeat of liis Administration, ami the application for the dissolution, and ,.it. therefore appeared as "if Lord Kimbcrley -considered that lie (Sir Charles Duffy) had not received the support from the Gover nor that he was entitled to. He there fore declined tlift proposed honor. , , Shortly after this Lord Kimbcrley sent, him a letter, asking whether lie would accept tlic honor of knighthood. When this was known two feelings we're experienced by liis -friends.' By one party it was considered that this was only a fitting recognition of tlie manner in which' lie liad Four times filled tho office of Afinister of the Crown, and that lie should therefore accept the position offered. On the other hand there -were- some of liis English and Scottish friends who advised liiin diffe- rciit-lyaiidlieultimately considered that he was bound to ncccptthe offer as aperinanent testi- inonytliathehadpcrforincdtliediities he had undertaken with integrity anil discretion. .Since then lie liad proudly received from all classes of the community letters of congratu lation, which had given him great satisfac tion.'"" After some further remarks, - tho speaker sat down, and was .loudly cheered for several minutes. , Our adopted land ivas then proposed by the chairman, and replied to by Mr. Widlis. The only other toast was tlio Press; 'which was heartily drunk, and re plied to by. Mr. . Higinbotliani, anil the meeting 'adjourned' for dancing in the upper ball, which was maintained for many hours subsequently. The members of the -St. Alicliapl's branch of the H.A.C.B.S. celebrated St. Patrick's day by a ball last evening,' in the Orderly- room of the Metropolitan Rifles in 'Victoria- street. There were about 250 ladies and gentlemen present, and dancing was kept .up witii great spirit until a late hour to tlie iu- spiringstfaitisnf peniiing's band. A great number of the gentlemen present appeared in the handsome regalia of tho order, anil this combined with the gay dresses of the' ladies greatly increased the animation of the scene. Thc'room was handsomely decorated with' a number of flags belonging to tlio order, conspicuous amongst which was aueiv lianiier wlneli lias just ' been painted for the St. Michael's Lodge, 