SPORTING NOTES FROM ENG LAND. (VROX our own correspondent.) London, 5th September. Wo aro suffering just now from a recurrence of tho gontleman-amatcur nuisanco, on infliction which is the more noticeable from tho absence of anything Iiko centlomanlinoss in connection with it, as the most recent shapotbc disease has taken will testify. The promoters of gate-money meet, ings li.aro published a statement in which they give a definition of tho irrepressible gentleman- amateur, which consists in tho genoral order that to bo a gentleman, so far at all events as amateurism is concerned, an individual must be cngagod in a wholesale business, cither as prin cipal or clerk, and on no account can a retailer be admitted within tho sacred pale, no matter what his business inay be, or whatever bis posi tion in it. Tho framing of such a law would bo only ridiculous— especially as its framcrsareinauy of them engaged in largo mercers' shopB, which are none tho lcs3 retail establishments because their business is extensive— if theso people did not consider it part of their duty to bo offensive in proof of tlieir position as gentleman amateurs ; and their rejections of outrics which appear dan gerous, no matter what tlic would-be compctitois' rank may he, and their acceptances of inferior men, who should by their own rules be debarred, arc not enly unpleasant in themselves, but arc ac companied by gratuitous insult, such ns a gentle, man whose intercourse is with gentlemen ouly can hardly comprehend. Fancy junior clerks in city houses, shopwalkers and people of that class, not only building up a barrier to prevent themselves being contaminated by the approach of a common man, but laying down rules and regulations for the guidanco of gentlemen. Fancy also the utter contempt these fellows naturally have for any thing so commonplace as the geniality which is ch ractcrislic of tho better classes, and you get the koy to the principle which governs amatcur- gontieinanlincss. W ith the smallest provocation a gentleman amuteur will writo a complaining letter on the subject ol his dignity to a sporting paper, and if a want of knowledge of his own language be anything in liis favor, tho writer generally succeeds very well in proving himself a swell. Thero is here a fiction current that a real gentleman is above orthography and syntax, and though I never found it so among the folk having a claim to tho rank, ignorance is oi a very plentiful ordor among the athletes under consideration. The term "Esq." isinprofuso use among them, and I verily do believo they put it to their signatures, that ib to the signatures of their private letters; and not thoso they have to write at tho shop or office, otherwise tboy might bo very severely carwigged by someono in authority, who, being satished himself with tho good old-fashioned tiadesman- liko"AIr.," might resent the innovation on t ho part of theBc saucy boys. Tho worst feature of theso soi disant gentlemen is that of gate-money exhibitions, anu in their endeavors to promote them thoy very often do things which would dig- graco a professional pedestrian. In fact, alto gether the very oxistcnco of a gentleman amateur, who, when not on the raco ground, may be sweeping out a shop, or measuring calico, is a living satire upon our social system. Happily, the ridicule which is bound to attend on over-preteutionsncss is telling its tale on even the pachydermatous nmatour gentleman. Tho decision of tho Gateshead Challenge Cup competitions in a limited handicap, suitable for men of high professional rank only, produced some excitement in pedestrian circles, and a good deal of money was won and lost on the result, our North countrymen being intensely specula tive over events of this description. In audition to the cup, which is of itself no mean trophy, there was a Bum of £50 added, and tlio best ruuners in the country met to contend on the handicap terms. In the first round tho win ners wero 1'. Bridge, Blackburn, 19 yds. start ; G. Walsh, Ryton, 6 yds. ; W. Rowbottoin, Gateshead, 26vds. ; D. Wight, Jedburgh, 11 yds. ; J. Turn- ball, Gateshead, 23 yds. Tuo handicap bad been made from Buttery at scratch, and lie ran in the heat won by Turnbull, getting second place. On tho day iixed for the decision of tho finals. Wight was a great favorite, 2 to 1 being laid on him, his heat having been much faster tlinn anyone seise, which, coupled with the rumor of an extraordinary trial he had made, caused the cup to look liko becoming his propriety. Bridge was second favorite at 7 to 2 against, and the prices of tho others were, 8 to 1 against Turnbull, 9 to 1 against Walsh, and 20 to 1 against Rowbottoin. Aftor a magnificent race, Walsh won by a yard, Bridge being second and Wight third. This re sult was mainly attributable to a bet made by ono of Wight's backers, who laid an even ten pound note that his mau would lead Bridge when they entered tho straight run in for home. The re sult was a cutting-down match between the two, and though Wight just won the £10 it was at au expensive rate, as the exertions he had mado caused hira to die away, and Georgo Walsh com ing with a wet sail took the prize in tho good time of 49f sec. Bridge repassed Wight and took second prize. Tho conditions of tho raco arc that the winner is to be put back three yards for each victory, so Walsh can hardly ex pect to win tne next match, in which tho best of his recent opponents haro entered ; still as be rau a dead heat with Buttoryin a lovcl raco of 400 yds. the other day, he iuay yet have a chanco. I suppose that by the timo this reaches you Mr. Gilbert Grace and his band of cricketora will lie nearing your shores, and that the ad mirers of the game on your side will be looking forward to a treat. Here we are done with bats, wickets and the various other par aphernalia of the pastime till next year, and foot ball lias commenced its reign instead. The last .coanty match of the London season was played between Surrey and Kent, at the Oval, and resulted in a rather unexpected as well as some what easy victory for Surrey, the excellent batting of Jupp, and splendid fielding of Air. Game contributing mainly to this result. Tier bad wicket on which the second innings of Surrey had to lie played must also bo remembered. The following aro the names of ike i-.'ayers on eayh rid vita \h$ix iadividuel ,vcr st v til hi tho extras, and gross totals :— Surrey — Jupp, 76 and 20 ; 11. Humphrey, 9 and 24 ; Air. Read, 0 and 39 ; Mr. Boult, 8 and 1 ; Palmer, 0 and 3 ; Freeman, 8 and 8; Swann, 31 and 14 ; Air. Game, 5 ami 11 ; Mr. Clarko, not out, 13 and 1 ; Street, 1 and not out 0 ; Southerton, 1 and 1 ; extras, 4 and 6 ; totalBl56 and 129. Kent — Mr. Penn, 0 and 28 ; G. Willis, 60 and 9 ; Lord Harris, 1 and 4 ; W. Willis, 39 and 3 ; Air. Crawford, Sand 10; Croxford, 0 and 8 ; Air. Coles, 0 and 19 ; Cop- pinger, 0 and 7 ; Bonnctt 0 and not out 0 ; Willsher, 2 and 1 ; Henty, not out, 0 and 2 ; oxtros, 12 and 14 ; totals 119 and 105. Though tlio weather was anything but favor- ablo on the morning for which it had been ad vertised, many thousands of persons thronged to the hanks of the Sorpcntinc to witness tlio mile raco in still water for the professional swimming championship of England. There wero three Rtartcrs, J. B. Johnson, Harry Parker, and Peter Johnson, but tho presence of tho latter counts for nothing, as ho only went to tho post for tho pur pose of swelling the list of swimniere, and_ adding to the credit ot his brother's victory, which was a foregone conclusion. Johnson took the lead and kept it throughout, winning with great case from Parker. Tho winner -is undoubtedly the best swimmer that has been seen in this country, so far as the memory of man goes, as nobody can keep pace at all with him. Since the race in the Serpentine, ho has won an all comers contest of 500 yards at the Crystal Palace, beating addi tional opponents in tine style. The boat race between Robert Bagnall and Harry Kelly shows c nclusivoly that no matter ho.v good a man may once have been, or how fit and well lie may have got himself, he cannot in his old days beat an opponent who iu addition to possessing the advantage of youth is a first rater. Bagnall was in perfect condition, and rowed in real champion form, having always the best of the race, and being unpressed towards the finish. Kelly did all that could bo asked of a man oyer forty, and great credit is due to him for making so good a raco as he did with a youngster who is evidently quite worthy to represent tho river which produced such scullers as Claspcr, Cham bers, and Rcuforth. Some critics in London, who critiiisc evidently because llicy know little or nothiug of tho matter, say that Bagnall has a fiuo career before him. How this can be, now that tho Tvnesidcr has defeated all his op- Sonents, and cannot find a fresh customer, I o not know, but possibly this is due to ray want of comprchensivo powers. I ncvor could aco anything when thero wasn't anything to be seen. Perhaps, however, ono of your champions will venture over, and offer us a lii-llo niikl excite ment. I sincerely wish he would, for as I havo beforo slid in these columns, if .my man can row ns fast as your Grcon could, and lia3 got pluck and powor to stay over a favorite course, he can boat any Soulier m this country by lengths. The Thames regatta, which is a kind of ghost of tho oid Thames National, took place last week, and was a very poor affair, no North countrymen of any account putting in an appearance for tlic fours, -which wore won by a Hammersmith crew, who mado tho fastest tnno on record between Putney and Alortlakc. As this is an unusually short courso for fours, and ns therefore, most other crows that havo rowed it have been going on, and not finishing ; as, besido this, no profes sional crows of calibre, and in good condition, have rowed it iu coxswaintcss boats before, and as there wns a swinging tide, tlio work is nothing very good for a light crew just fitted for sharp bursts on a tideway, and not for long distances. The timo was 7 miu. 58scc. for a distance of a mile and three quarters on a fine broad courso. Bag nall and Taylor, the two Northmen, won the pairs, beating the two best men of tho Hammersmith four and some others, so it is only fair to suppose that a Newcastle crew of quality would have takon homo tlio £89 prize, notwithstanding tlio shortness of tho distauco, and tho undoubted speed of tho actual winners. Tho other events call for no comment, as by a peculiar rule, the Thames Regatta Committee limit tho sculling matches to men of tlio humblest pretensions, which seems rather liko encouraging worse than mediocrity, instead of offering tho highest prize to him that is most worthy, which it seems to mo should bo tho duty of a regatta committee. My no ions aro perhaps old-fash ionod, however. During the present week thero has been held a sale by public auction of tho effects of old Bob Chambers, who was in lifo ono of tho finest scullers that ever represented the Tyne, and is in death supposed to bo held in honoreci memory. It is, therefore, a pity that the relics of the champion wore uot disposed of in a different manner thau by roup, if their sale was absolutely necessary, which I supposo was tho case, as " honest Boh " died nono too wealthy. The items wero numcrons, and tho buyers mostly well known in the aquatic world. Tho principal pur chase made was that of a silver presentation cup, by James Taylor, for £27 ; tlio gold watch of Chambers, which went to Air. Fox for £23 was next; and a largo likeness of the departed hero in his boat was bought for tlio adornment of his bar by a Newcastle "bung" and backer of rowing men at £20. The rest of the articles wero of comparatively small valuo, aud tho auction alto gether produced £167 5s. It is a great pity the collection could not havo been preserved, as it would doubtless have been but for tho schisms which now divide rowing men on the banks of tho coaly Tyne. Thero has this week been another raid on bet ting men in the City, and three flagrant delin quents, a publican and two of his customers, havo been fined, the first £50, aiul the others £15 between them (£10 and £5). It seems hard to imagine that— in a place teeming with vice and crime as much as London is, and with many un discovered murderers lurking in our midst—the police could not find better employment than that of making bets for tbo purpose of obtaining evidence against unwary offenders. These men were creating no public scandal, their betting was dono aiuoug themselves, and they solicited no money from strangers until they in tlic pcrsous of the police spies volunteered it for the purpose of getting up their case. It is of course very praise worthy of the City authorities to decide that there shall be no vice but that thoy patroniso themselves within their precincts, but it seems strange that one kind of speculation carried on in tho smallest possible manner should be con sidered vicious, while another far more wide and disastrous in its results is patronised most extensively, and by the most virtuous people. And it seems still strangor that tho very same offence for which tho three men were fined in Guildhall— that of ready money bolting for shillings and half-crowns— is conducted on an immense scale— for hundreds and thousands daily — within a few yardB of the polico court, with police sanction aud conuivancc. The law itself, which provides for tho excesses of the rich while it forbids tho poor man to speculate, is bad enough, but its administration is far worse, as might bo expected when it is left to the discre tion, i.e., venality aud cupidity, of a few con stables who play at being detectives when there is anything to bo obtained aud no risk to suffer. The Cesarewitoh and "Cambridgeshire weights wero published yesterday, and though at first sight it seems that some horses have suffered un duly while others have been voiy much favored, I have no doubt that tho glorious uncertainty of the turf will assert itself in the Admiral's favor, and that something at present quito unnoticed and unknown will prove tho winner of each. The former, which is run first (7th Oct.), is over a good distauco of ground (2 miles 2 furlongs 23 yards), and has 165 entries, the acceptances for vhioh' kv« to Ft declwti at boob oh tfcs 9th inat. At tho head of ibis list stands Win3low, a four-year-old, with 9 st. 8 lb., which seems heavy indeed considering that somo of the best borse3 of tho day arc entered. Indeed the entries are for calibre over the averages. Boiardo, the winner of the French Derby, carries 8st. 12ib,, and the Admiral evidently beliovcs in the truth of the running abroad as far as the winner is con cerned, but uot so far as the second is interested, for Boiardo l ives Doncastcr 4 lb., while the Derby wiuuer has in turn to concede 31b. to Flageolet. There aro many other good names down, hut when the acceptances are declared it will bo time enough to analyse their pretensions. Tho Cambridgeshire numbers 203 subs, and in this raco all tho animals entered remain in unless struck out by Tuesday next. The in creased quantity of entries always observable iu this handicap, as compared with its companion, shows the popularity of short raceB hero, the dis tance being 1 mile 240 yards. Tho Cambridge shire is run a fortnight later than the Ccsarc- witch, and it seems a most astonishing thing that as yet no horso (no matter how lightly handi capped) has been able to win both races. It was thought last year that Halvanos, a horso of un doubted speed, would, after winning the Cesare- witcli, inaugurate the dual victory ; but though on paper tlio second race looked better business for him than the first by far, hp failed miserably. Sterling's performance of running a dead heat for second place in the Cambridgeshire in 1871, with 6\. st. 11 lb., at tho timo considered one of tbo finest pcrforn anccs known, has not been for gotten, and in company with Vfinslow ho heads the lists witli 9 st, 7 ib. Wculock, last year's Lcgcr winner, receives 3 Ib. from them ; Tho Colonel, Flageolet, aud Thorn carry 8 st. 0 lb. each, and Bcthiial Ureen is let off with 8st. Aloic in my next. The unexpected, if not particulary sudden death of Tom French, the famous rider of King craft and Favonius in their respective Derbys, has created a great sensation here, as ho was not only a great rider, but a generally respected young fellow. Besides, there is no doubt that his illness was accelerated, even if not actually caused, by tho system of light weights, which nothing can justify, and which causes tho deaths of numerous young fellows in the courso of a -year, who sweat and sweat themselves into galloping consump tions. Tlicro is, however, too much conser vatism about the Jockey Club to expect au altera tion just now, and tho fact that a general raising of weights would give plcasuro to the majority, and would not particularly iucenso tho few, is almost sufficient to mako us despair of ever seeing the improvement consummated. French was twenty-eight at the time of his death, and though he had achieved fame in his profession, it did not come to him until after long years of hard work, and he was ouly just now beginning to reap the rewards of acknowledged skill, liis two Derbys did not bring him in anything like tho sums other jockeys liavc received for a single victory, whilo his second on tho Bribery colt secured bim a large quantity of obloquy quite un deserved, as.was atteiwanls proved by Chaloncr intheLcfcr. By the time you receive this you will know what lias won the St. Leger, but it may interest you to be told that tho four favorites, Doncastcr, winner of the Derby; Mario Stuart, winner of the Oaks; Gang Forward, winner of the Two Thou sand, and Kaiser, dead heater for second place With Gang Forward in the Derby, and winner of tho Princo of Wales Stakoa'at Ascot, _aro being steadily hacked as though each must win. Don castcr and Kaiser head the list at an average of 3 to 1, the Derby winnvr having just the call. Gang Forward is next at say 100 to 30, so that thoy aro really all together, and Mario Stuart hovers from 4 to 5 to 1, she being met with some opposition on account of running lazily in tho Yorkshire Oaks a fortnight back. As she won, however, with something to Rpare, pcrhap3 this opposition is prematura. The next two arc And red and Negro, who have been this week backed from 33 down to 25 to 1 each, and any prices may be obtained about others. Tho Bonny Bel) filly, after being rushed into the betting this week, and backed down to 50 to 1, was in tho list of scratchings yesterday. 1 fancy Kaiser and Gang Forsvard will beat their two opponents. I wish I knew for cortnin. There's every prospect of a big meeting at Doncastcr. 