EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from th« various journals to hand: The 'Tamworth Examiner' says :-The weather continues dry and hot. A light rain fell on Sunday last; since then it has been fine, and continues favourable for harvesting operations.-The Right Rev. Dr. Turner, Bishop of Grafton and Armi- dale, will arrive in Tamworth to-day (Sa- turday) on his way to Narrabri. The 'Times' mentions the death of Mr. J. W. Sammons, a respected resident of Murrurundi, from injuries received by a collision between two buggies in one of which Mr. S. was. Both vehicles were being driven at 9 p.m. without lights. The 'Times' adds:-A few months ago Mr. Sammons was induced to effect an assurance in the office of the Australian Mutual Provident Society for £300, by which he has secured for his afflicted widow and children a nice little sum wherewith to enable them to provide for their support.-A singular accident hap- pened to one of Mr. Ferriff's lads, on Monday last, through the bursting of a ginger beer bottle. The boy appears to have been engaged corking bottles in the factory, when one of them burst; a piece flying up, struck him in the side of the neck, inflicting a wound about an inch deep, and an inch and a half in length. The wound commenced to bleed profusely. Dr. Wood was immediately sent for, who proscribed the necessary remedies. Had the cut been half an inch on either side, we understand the lad could not have lived a quarter of an hour after the acci dent.-Mr. S. A. Craik has recently sold, on account of the A. A. Company, 400 fat bullocks at the high figure of .£8 per head, and 5000 fat wethers at 12s. per head. The average weight of the bullocks was estimated at 900 lbs., and the sheep 75 lbs. This fact.speaks well for the fatten ing qualities of the Company's estate. A correspondent writes to the * Times': -It was only the other day that a splendid dam, erected by Mr. Hineh on his selec tion at the Giant's Den, at a cost of nearly jGIOQ, was carried away by a sudden down pour of rain, which flooded all the creeks to a greater extent there than has been known for a long time past. I am also glad to state that the long looked surveyor is really coming at last-to be here in the beginning of January. Mr. H. Mathewson, of Deniliquin, while riding, was carried by his horse with great force against the horse of Mr. Lelliot, who, having ridden on ahead, had stopped to talk with another person. Mr. Mathewson was not thrown from the saddle, but his right leg was broken be tween the knee and the ankle. A Goulburn paper says :-While a son of Mr. Sinclair, of the Brick Hills, was riding into Goulburn, his horse stumbled, throwing him heavily, whereby he re ceived a compound fracture of the elbow and other severe injuries.-A little girl aged six years, daughter of Mr. Ginn of Gunning, was running after a cat which went into a wood-heap, and in trying to get at the animal the child's eye'came against a projecting piece of wood, which completely severed the cornea. She fell senseless from the pain. She was brought in next day to Dr. Hayley, who is in hopes of saving the eye-ball; but the sight is destroyed.-A little boy aged about four years, son of Mrs. Donnelly, of Grafton street, ran up behind a horse to make him gallop, when the animal kicked out, strik ing the boy's ear, which was completely divided, and inflicting a severe blow on the skull.-George Powell, in the employ of Mr. Emanuel, of Lansdowne, was mov ing, when his scythe came in contact with a tussock, causing him to fall forward against the scythe, which cut through his trousers and boot and inflicted a very ugly wound, laying bare the shin-bone and di viding the tendons. The ' Queanbeyan Age' says:-Mr. C. A. Massy, of Gundaroo, has just sold one of his thoroughbreds for three hundred guineas. The animal is a two-year-old entire colt, by Yattendon, out of one of Mr. Massy's best mares. The purchaser is Mr. W. Bowen, of Wagga Wagga. At an inquest on the remains of a wo man found in a cave on the Warrambun gle Mountains, near Mundooran, the ver dict was wilful murder by a person or persons unknown. A man named John M'Carthy was lately foond drowned in the Macleay. The ' Courier' states that on a recent Sunday there was a hurricane at Yass, which lasted for several hours. The rain and hailstones (many of the latter jagged, and the size of pigeons' eggs) fell with ter rific violence ; overhead in a black dense cloud the thunder boomed, the lightning was unusually vivid and frequent, and the wind blew a hurricane. So violent and copious was the downpour that low-lying dwellings were flooded, and at the tele graph office it fairly flashed from the high ground at the rear over the cutting into the building, through which the water streamed. Cooma, Rossi, and other streets became for a time the beds of surging currents, as the ordinary water channels were altogether insufficient to carry ofF tiiti heavy flood. Large trees in various localities w^re uprooted, and the loosely put together buildings were more or less damaged.-The ' Goulburn Herald' says, of a Btorm on the same day :-At Bungendore the rain is described as hav ! ing fallen in excessive torrents. Four cows were killed by lightning, and an empty coach on the road side was blown along some twenty yards. A tree also was struck by lightning and Bet on fire, being burning when our informant left. The body of the late Mr. Joseph Cham berlayne was lately found in the Macquarie River, a few miles from Hill End. Mr. C. was drowned while attempting to cross the stream by means of a log. A nugget estimated to contain seven ' ozs. of gold, from Nowendoc, has been shown in Maitland. The 'Mercury' states that by the recent cyclone on the Hunter Mr. Eales, of Duckenfield Park, alone has lost several thousands of pounds in the damage to his property. The loss of Mr. A. W. M'Dou gall, of Lorn, is valued at £300 to £400. The damage to Mr.. Scobie's market gar dens on the Oakhampton road is put at £320. The other day, at Maitland, Chas. Win chester was charged with working in har ness a mare that was collar galled. The Bench reprimanded him and ordered him to pay the Court costs, 5s. 6d. A man named Knight was lately kicked by a horse, at George's Hall, near Liver pool. He died soon after. Six Australian Premiers will attend the Sydney Conference. A correspondent of the' Qlawarra Mer cury' writes :-On last Friday a lad in the employ of Mr. Gerard Johnston, of Kangaloon, was gored by a bull. The wound proved fatal, and the lad expired on Sunday evening. I believe the lad was recently obtained from the training ship Vernon. Telegram from Rockhampton, in ' He rald' of 3nLinst. :-William Miller has been remanded for 8 days. The losses by his acknowledged swindling exceed £300.-A miner named Fen wick was stabbed to the heart at Cowarrah. His paramour and daughter state in evidence that the injury was self-inflicted. The post-mortem examination and the sur rounding circumstances cast suspicion on the paramour. Ditto from Brisbane:—It is reported that the Government are about to com- mence the survey of a railway line from Warwick to Stanthorpe.—Detective Slat- tery apprehended Gardner, of the firm of Gardner and Symonds, wine merchants, Melbourne, this morning, whilst on a coach starting for Ipswich. He had over £2000 in his posesssion. He was arrested on a charge of fraudulent insolvency, and has been remanded for one week to await the arrival of a warrant from Melbourne. Ditto from Melbourne Mr. Stephen has been gazetted Minister for Education. —Four large ships are taken up to load with wheat at Adelaide.—A meeting of squatters of Victoria and Riverina has been held; between seventy and eighty were present. Resolutions were unani- mously passed in favour of reforms in the conduct of wool sales. It was resolved that London brokers ought not to act for both buyer and seller, that draft ought to be abolished, and that the number of sales ought to be increased from five to six. There was an expression of regret that the proposed reforms had not been brought about earlier by the London agents. A committee has been appointed. —Under the Diseases in Stock Act an in- spection fee is imposed by the Govern- ment. It was resolved that it ought to be charged only once a month on teams regularly crossing the Murray. The "Fiji Gazette" reports that two sad accidents occurred at Emalau, Tanna. On the 7th ultimo, while the boat of the ketch of W. S. Fox was ashore trading, a bag containing eight or ten pounds of powder accidentally exploded, killingthree natives, and wounding nine others. The stern of the boat was completely shattered, and the white seaman in charge had the left side of his face so badly burnt that it is feared he will lose the sight of one eye. A fatality seemed to hang over the ves sel, for on the 11th, Mr. Thomas Davis, the owner of the ketch, was examining a revolver when it went off, and the bullet struck a seaman named Ferguson, a na tive of Aberdeen, in the right breast. Ferguson lingered a few hours and died, after making a statement completely ex onerating Mr. Davis from all blame. Jas. Thompson, an inmate of the luna tic asylum at Parramatta, hanged himself, on the night of the 30th ult. Messrs. Bradley, Newton, & Lamb held one of their regular sales of tin ore on the 2nd inst., at which extreme prices were realised. Ores ranging from 70 to 74.9 per cent, assay sold freely at from £74 10s. to £79 5s. There is another lock-out at the New castle coal mines. The men are on strike for the 10 hours' system. Telegram from Brisbane, in Saturday's ' Herald' :-At Georgetown, Etheridge River, there are five machines now work ing ; and another will be started next week.-It is raining in torrents. The wet season has regularly set in. The rivers are very high. A flour famine is anticipated. Ditto from Melbourne:-The Victorian Woollen pompany, Geelong, in their re port, recommend a dividend of 7 per cent, per annum.-Warren has been remanded for a month at Dunedin.-Another case of supposed infanticide has occurred at St. Kilda.-The Cerberus has been prac tising; at the Heads. Twelve rounds at 2500 yards were fired with excellent ef fect.-Sir. J." M'Culloch, the Hon. E. Childers, Mr. C. E. Bright, Sir W. F. Stawell, and Mr. Spensely have been ap pointed Commissioners in connection with the London Exhibition.-The Bangalore takes a number of passengers, 101,000 ounces of gold, and 20,000 sovereigns. The Exhibition here will close on the Uth. The ' Launceston Examiner' reports that on the Sunday previous the sad and startling intelligence reached town that Thomas Lindsay Field, eldest son of Mr. T. W. Field, had died about 11 o'clock "that morning from the effects of injuries received the preceding afternoon at the hands of Seton Williams, a young man aged 18, son of the Rev. Montagu Wil liams, of Westbury. The parties had been quarrelling for some time, and when they fought about 40 other persons were present. Jt seems the fight lastpd two hours and a half, and until the last half hour no serious damage was done to either of the combatants; indeed," one of the '{ witnesses said that, from their evident in experience at fighting, they were unable to reach each other. During the latter ; : portion of the fight they closed a few times, and Williams, whose weight now began to tell, used to fall on top of Field. There were three very severe falls, upon the last of which poor Field essayed to get up, but fell back senseless, and re mained in that state till 11 o'clock the next morning, when he died-18 hours after the fall. Williams has been com mitted for manslaughter. The ' Murrurmidi Times' says :-A few months since a contemporary claimed the best snake yarn of the season. We have a pretty good one to tell, which has re cently been furnished to us as a factA few days since the residents of a neigh bouring town were thrown into a state of excitement and great alarm by a report from a few juveniles that an immense snake, measuring twelve feet in length, and with a yellow tail, was lying dormant in the middle of the railroad. Several persons turned out to destroy the unwel come visitor, among whom were two, sportsmen, who were about to practise a little rifle shooting. The monster was seen at a distance to be lying in the road way, and the two riflemen discharged se veral shots at it, and although the body was struck in one or two parts, and the ground peppered with lead, the snake did not attempt to escape, nor exhibit the least sign of vitality. Concluding that the reptile was dead, the sportsmen, ac companied by several others, proceeded . to the spot, where they found that they - had destroyed no snake, but a most valu- , able stockwhip. The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says :?-At 2 on New Year's morning, whefl everything appeared quite still, a few young men, no doubt with the intention of commencing the work of carrying out the old custom. of practical joking, set to work by remov ing a dray in the possession of Mr. Boyce belonging to an insolvent estate. They' had not proceeded far, when the police appeared and apprehended one young man named Geo. Bennett, whom they .charged with stealing the dray ; the rest managed to get ;away, or they, like Ben nett, would have to remain in custody -until to-day. The ' Mudgee Times' says :-On Sa turday, .near midnight, a thunderstorm commenced which, we believe, has never been surpassed for severity in the town. The lightning played at every, point of the compass with terrific grandeur-t&b;""" peals of thunder reverberating thjrtmgh the hills surrounding the town addung to the fearfulness of the storm. HJhe rain literally poured down in torrents; and good indeed must be the roofs (that were impervious to its power. Thisjcontinued' all Saturday night, and througJn Sunday, when, at intervals, it blew a perfect hur ricane-the fruit upon the tre^B not blown down being split by the forced of the rain. On Sunday evening the lightning and rain increased, and by sundown the Cud gegong had again overflowed its banks, submerging all the low paddocks along its course, and sweeping away fences, and newly cut hay in all directions. At about ten o'clock in the evening the rain ceased, : and the water came down with great ve-. locity-running much higher than it did the three preceding floods this summer. . Bail as large as a hen's egg fell just below Brombee, literally stripping the orchard . trees of their fruit and leaves. The rain . that fell during the storm was the enor mous quantity of 4.68 inches ; the xfciHl"*1 mum heat preceding it'being 92 deg. and the minimum during it 56 deg. Faht. The ' Braidwood Dispatch' says ;-On Sunday morning, about 1 o'alock, when Malone's mail coach was on its way from Goulburn to Braidwood, and- when, about six miles.from the former place, a,strqy horse took it in his head to fraternise with the leader, and kept up, running along side, but at each flash of lightning, which was extremely vivid, the briite used to fallback amongst the wheelers. Toting Brummy, the coachman, had no passen- - gers with him, butnot believingin ghosts although the stray horse was & white oSJa, '1 and rather spectre-looking-and moreover not being very easily put off his equili- . brium, he dropped the thong of his whip pretty heavily upon the stranger, who would resume his place alongside'the leading horse until again startled by the lightning, when he would once more fill' back, only to be soundly dressed down again with the whip. This went on for about seven miles, until the fenceB were passed and- the open country reached, when Brummy turned off into the bush,, . and by so doing dodged the grey spectre which liad been harassing him . for so many miles, and which might have terri fied a person of a«nore nervous tempera ment.- i Messrs. Richardson & Sons write to a Ballarat paper In a swamp in' a pad dock in which we lately, erected .our No. 2 shingle mill we found the -skeleton of what appears to be that mythical animal the bunyip. The greatest peculiarity is in the blade bones, which, unlike 'ordi nary blade bones, are curved to the sides of the animal, and destitute of the raised centre bones as seen in all mam malia, being merely plates of thick bone. In the place of the socket joint, as in or dinary animals, are five kn]Kktasjii^0M| similar to a hand without ~ The jaw-bones are about the size of tkoae of a heifer two years old, and the skull has indications of stunted hornB. The teeth are -sufficiently perfect to enable a naturalist with certainty -to classify to what species it belongs. From the posi- - tion of the vertebras the aninmi would, ; appear about five feet long. The only in dication of a hip-joint is a short piece of beautifully thin bone, found a few yards from the skeleton, which may not-have formed any portion of it, but have be longed to a calf. The ribs" are somewhat peculiar, being more like those of a fish or some straight- sided animal shall preserve the bones for scientific ex amination. . . . The "Goulburn Herald" says, of a case of snake bite at Pomeroy :-As Mrs. Woore was retiring for the night, on opening her bedroom door a poisonous snake struck her forcibly on the instep, causing con- siderable pain; and although Mr. Woore instantly applied a tourniquet on the ankle, cut a deep incision through the bite, and sucked all the blood he could get from the wound, applied ipecacuanha poultice in and around it, with frequent administrations of brandy and constant exercise, unconsciousness and prostration of the muscles occurred within half an hour ; and after a similar space had elapsed, pulsation apparently ceased, when heat was applied to the extremi- ties. Violent sickness then set in, which occasioned reaction ; the pulse gradually improved, muscular action and identity returning. The sufferer consumed more than a pint of strong brandy as if it had been so much water. We are happy to- ' hear she is now quite relieved from the poison, although greatly prostrated. The snake getting into one of the bedrooms on the upper floor when the door was shut was remarkable. It is supposed to have crawled up the vines on the house and entered by the window, although it is twenty-five feet above the ground. The ' Central Australian' says :-On Saturday a magisterial enquiry was held by the Police Magistrate, Bourke, on some human remains found on the banks of the Darling near Bourke, by a youth named Jas. Nancarrow. The evidence of Dr. Roberts went to show they were the remains of an aboriginal, probably a female, and that they had been interred a few years. Finding accordingly, and the remains ordered to be buried in a place used by the natives. On Monday another enquiry was held by the Police Magistrate, Bourke, on the remains of a human being found near Mount Oxley on the 8th Dec. last, by a youth named Geo. Nancarrow, who was looking for horses. ^ were found at the foot of the high tableland of Mount Oxley ; the trunk hanging on the branch of a Mulga tree; the skull appeared to have been fixed on the branch through a hole in the lower part of the skull; the remainder of the bones were scattered about. Dr. Roberts was of opinion that the bones were those of a white man, in contradistinction to those of an aboriginal ; and believed them "to be those of a tall, powerful old man ; the skull presents a good facial angle ; the lower jaw shows absorption of the greater part of the anterior ; the pelvic bones are narrower than are usually observed in a female, &c.; There is a skull, lower jaw, a humerus, a femur, one tibia, two hip bones, a fibula, &c.; Finding : I find that the remains are those of a white person. A short time ago a young woman named Charlotte Piper was drowned in the Murrumbidgee River, at Wagga Wagga. Deceased was engaged to be married on New Year's Day to a young man named Edward Spring. On the Sunday evening she met him in company with another young woman, and she avoided him by crossing over to the other side of the road. She was seen after wards to go towards the river, and no thing more of her was seen until her dead body was recovered on Boxing Day. It is supposed that she committed suicide.' The Melbourne ' Argus' says :-A num ber of gentlemen connected with the tan ners' and curriers' business recently paid a visit of inspection to a new bark mill, on the premises of Messrs. James Mac meikan and Co., near Footscray. The mill, which it was the object of the expe dition to inspect, is the work of Mr. T. J. Stamp, of the firm of- Messrs. Stamp & Norton, Stephen-street, and it is intended to tear the mimosa bark so as to render the extraction of the tanning an easy mat ter. The mill is of very simple construc tion, and consists of three sets of circular iron cages, revolving one within the other at a high rate of speed, and in opposite directions. These cages are enclosed within an iron drum about 5 ft. in diame ter and 1 ft. deep. The drum is placed in a horizontal position, the cages being driven by a couple of belts. The bark is put into a feeder in the centre of the ma chine, and driven through the different sets of cages by centrifugal force, falling into a receptacle under the mill, tho roughly torn to shreds. A four-horse power engine will put through three tons of bark per hour with ease. About 4 cwt. of what is known as crushed bark was sent through the mill yesterday, and the z!tt was "considered by the* visitors as jhly satisfactory. All the knots were iroken open, and the Bubstance of the iark was thoroughly disintegrated. The [inventor intends, at an early date, to have i trial with what is known as chopped ark, which he believes the mill will work as readily as the crushed bark, in which case the value of the machine will be greatly'increased. A' fatal accident is reported by the ' Ovens Spectator* as having happened tindelr ' curious circumstances at Silver Creek to a lad named Robert Thomas Browne, son of a miner. The deceased went' out into the bush near his home along with two other lads, named Frede rick Ellis and Wm. Counsell, to cut down -4 tree, as he wanted to get a parrot's nest that "was lodged in its branches. They cut away by turns, and deceased was the last chopper. When the tree fell it struck a dry log, which was partially burnt through at the centre, and broke it, and one.of the ends sprang up from the blow, and knocked down the deceased, fracturing his skull, and killing him in stantly. The ' Cornwall Chronicle' says :-It will scarcely be credited by the majority of the population of the colony, that the manufacture of cloth from asbestos is an old Tasmanian or Yan Deimanian in dustry, lost, like some of the arts known to the ancients; yet nevertheless thin is simply the fact. "When the original set tlement of Port Dalrymple was at York Town, near the site of the Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company's works, the Go vernment of the day recognised the im mense value of the mineral deposits in the locality, and made some attempt to utilise them. When the Government establishment was removed to George 2umM^i£Jjhat ancient village became tn?capital of t&'^sNorth, the Government erected a woollen ^ctory there, and made their own blankets-""\ejy.syb8tantial blan kets too-and also a variety of fabrics suitable for clothing the prisoners. Some scientific men, and there were many highly educated, accomplished men amongst the Government officers of that period, de termined to manufacture indestructible cloth from asbestos. They had some Bkilled woollen cloth-makers under their control, and a large quantity of asbestos fibre was procured from the ranges for use. One great difficulty lay in the way; the fibre was so short that none of the wheels used for spinning wool and hemp into yarn could be persuaded to make a tfrrgad of the fine short fibre of the as bestos. But " where there's a will there's a way," and the self reliant men of George '"'own discovered it in this instance. The ibestos was spun with fine hemp or flax, ie cloth woven close, and when the web as completed put to the crucial test of e fire. The result was the disappear 1Ce of the hempen material, and the in estructible asbestos remained for use. [Ve are informed that it was an invalu le material for shirts, cravats, pocket indkerchiefs, gloves, and socks. Every with a stock of those, made rom asbestos cloth, was independent of liia washerman, and to some extent of his wife, if he had one. On washing day all he requited was a good clear fire, out of the flames of which his shirts came ready for use, starching^asnHreniifg being luxu yiac. got mnchHSaulged in in those days. When tKedoctrine of free trade came into fashion, and commission agents were established in this fifth section of the world, the indestructible shirts, cravats, &c.;, went out, and a very remarkable in dustry waa lost to the colony. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :-On Tues day night last the stock and premises of Mirls & Co. narrowly escaped destruction by fire owing to the accidental fall of one of the chandeliers used in lighting the building. Assistance was promptly ren dered. The ' W. W. Express' says :-We learn that his Honor District Court Judge Francis has applied for and obtained a year's additional leave of absence, as he contemplates a trip to Europe, and Mr. Acting Judge Forbes lias been re-ap pointed for the period. We quite agree with the following com pliment to the Hon. G. Lloyd, from the ' Central Australian' :-We fully concur in the opinion generally expressed that in the removal of Mr. Lloyd to the post of Treasurer, the General Post Office has lost a gentleman of thorough business habits, who was the right man for pro gress, and who promptly attended to every petition and communication for warded to the department-even from this remote district. The Brisbane 4 Telegraph' says :-A man named Bolton, a resident of Bu limba, met with a serious accident last night about eight o'clock, in endeavour ing to make his way home by cutting across the road leading to Bowen Terrace. It appears that he fell down one of the gullies near the Gas Works and broke his leg, besides experiencing a severe shock to the system. His cries were heard, and he was conveyed to the hospital. From the weekly epitome in the Bris bane ' Telegraph':-A man named John Bryan, a miner lately returned from Uavenswood, was robbed of 120 sove reigns a few days ago in or near Char lotte-street. Two men and a woman have been arrested and committed for trial for the offence.-A lunatic named Francis Davis, recently confined in the asylum at Woogaroo, has been sent to Banana in custody of the police, on a charge of committing a murder at Kianga four years ago.-On Monday night a gen tleman residing at Dalby was bitten on the shoulder by a venomous insect-a small black spider-from the effects of which he might have lost his life had he not obtained medical aid in time.-A lit tle boy named Ryan, whose parents re side at Gatton, was bitten in the leg on Thursday last by a black snake. He sub sequently recovered owing to the prompt and skilful medical aid which he fortun ately obtained. The 'Telegraph' also says :-A short time ago we had to revert to the death of a con finee in the Brisbane Gaol named Henry Cave, who was then undergoing a sentence for larcency. The other day the eldest daughter of that man was committed for trial for robbery from the person, and to day we chronicle the arrest of his two younger daughters for petty theft. A correspondent writes to the 'Southern Cross':-Some months ago a native of Mercury Bay, named Mark, imagined he had been bewitched (makatu) by some other native. Dr. Agassiz went to see him, but he would take no medicine or nourishment, and said the doctor could do him no good. In fact, he got in the sulks, moped, and starved himself to death. Last Thursday his son's wife died. She had been ill fpr the last three months, and, during her illness, young Mark left her, also taking their child, saying he did not want a sick wife ; in fact she was no use to him in consequence. On the Saturday following her death, Mark's mother upbraided him for un natural conduct; in consequence he re tired to an adjoining hut, and shot him self, the ball entering the abdomen and lodging in the spine. The natives, hear ing the report, immediately rushed to the hut, when, to their great astonish ment, they found him quite dead, and weltering in his own blood. The natives have been making great preparations for the tenehana (crying match), buying quan tities of flour, sugar, &c.; They are ex pecting large numbers of their friends from the neighbouring districts. The Maories are rather peculiar as regards their sick and dead. When sick, they are very negligent, and, in a great many instances which have come under my notice, will do nothing in aid of their re covery, more especially as regards buying them a few comforts and necessaries; but, when dead, they are most lavish-flour, sugar, tears, and rum pouring in to over flowing. At the Goulburn Police Court, recently, Joseph Guymea surrendered to his re cognisances to answer the remand charge of destroying about 200 trees, the pro perty of Wm. C. Lynch. The evidence of the prosecution (as reported in the ' Southern Argus') was to the following effect:-He was the owner of an orchard in the suburbs of Goulburn, consisting of about two acres ; altogether he held within a fraction of forty acres ; last season he planted 224 trees; they were all growing, and some of them bearing lately; he con tracted with the accused for him to put a fence round the land, and afterwards had a dispute with him as to its sufficiency ; at the last District Court he was sued by the accused for a balance he claimed, and being defeated had to pay witness's costs; there had been no conversation between them since the action; the trees were growing all right on Tuesday, 17th Dec. ; on Sunday, 22nd inst., Senior Sergeant Fenton and the black tracker accompanied witness to the orchard, where they found some trees broken up and others cut; there were 197 fruit trees destroyed; he noticed foot tracks on the beds where the trees had been growing ; to keep them from the weather he covered some ot the tracks over with trees; there were the tracks of a horse outside the fence; the horse tracks were outside the fence, near est the Green Gully Road ; next day Con stable Chalker and Madden went with him to the orchard, and they all three ex amined the tracks ; they then measured the foot tracks ; the measurement corres ponded with the boots produced; Con stable Madden pointed out certain cut marks on one of the trees; at a conversa tion before the action in the District Court was brought by the accused, he said-" When all is said and done, do you think I'm a flat ? you'll find yourself very little to the windward of me, for I'll have satisfaction." Other evidence was given, which to some extent corroborated the above, and the defendant was com mitted for trial. The 'Maryborough Chronicle,' Qd., says:-A severe accident happened on Christmas Day to a man in the employ of the Hon. H. S. Littleton. The sufferer was employed giving a horse a trial gallop on the Gigoomgan race course, when the animal bolted, rushing his rider against a tree. A broken arm and several braises was the result. Mrs. Nay lor has recovered sufficiently to give evidence against her husband, who has been committed by the New castle Bench for an attempt to murder her. It seems that they have been mar ried only three years, and the woman has one child. She was residing with her father when her husband attempted to kill her. The ' Australasian' says :-" The de ceased died from the bite of a snake and the remedies administered to cure him." This is the form in which a coroner's jury the other day, at Alexandra, brought in a verdict in the case of a boy who died from snake bite. But surely the verdict is singular and unsatisfactory. Because, if the boy died from the bite and the re medies, he did not die from the bite alone, and if the remedies had not been applied he might be alive now. This is to say, in plain terms, that the remedies killed him. If this were only the eccen tric shape in which twelve British Jury men cast the result of their erratic cogita tions it would not call for such remark. But, strange to say, this is the explanation of the cause of death given by the medical witness. Stranger still, it was by this medical witness that the remedies which, according to his own account, co-operated with the bite to cause death, were admin istered. On looking to the evidence, as reported in the ' Alexandra Times,5 we see what the remedies were. We see that brandy and ammonia were administered internally, in doses of half a wineglass of brandy and from 15 to 20 drops of am monia, and doses being given every quar ter of an hour, and occasionally oftener. The remedies, the doctor said, were the general ones, and he had successfully cured four cases of snake bites by this treatment before. That in the present case the remedies operated the wrong way, and helped to kill the patient they were meant to cure, is no doubt to be as cribed to one of those mysterious combi nations of cause and effect that baffle the profoundest enquiries. As the case stands, it proves two things. It shows us that me dicine is yet very far from being an exact science, and that there is one medical practitioner in the colony, who, when his treatment fails to effect the object he had in view, and brings about a result of a di rectly opposite character, has the candour to admit that this is the case, and honestly ascribes the death of the patient to the disease and the remedies employed^ to cure it. JEglea says, in the ' Australasian': The kingdom of Fiji has succeeeded in borrowing £3000 in New Zealand. That kingdom is willing to pay'a good r^te of interest, and might be worth cultivating by some of the capitalists of Melbourne who like a rough interest. These Fiji bonds are of three years' duration, carry ing 10 per cent, interest, and they were issued at 20 per cent, discount. Thus, at the end of three years, Fiji will have-paid .£'1500 for the privilege of owing .£3000. " That is," wickedly suggests a Fiji news paper, " supposing Fiji pays at all!" The ' Herald' says :-A short time ago, a little boy, a son of the Rev. Thomas Wilson, of Handwick, found in the ceme tery there a thin rounded piece of iron, which had the appearance of a portion of pencil-case, which had been corroded. He took it home with him, and put it in a drawer ; and on last Tuesday afternoon took it to his father to see what it was. His father thought it to be a broken pen cil-case, and picked it with a pin. No sooner had he done so than it exploded, and blew the top off the fourth finger of the right hand, severely lacerated his thumb, grazed his cheek bone, and, glid ing upwards, cut his forehead. On the following day, the fourth finger of the right hand was amputated at the first joint by Dr. Uenwick. There is every reason to believe that the piece of iron found in the cemetery by Master Wilson was a portion of a percussion fuse, dropped on the occasion of the recent interment, with military honours, of the late Major Fitzsimons. A Mundooran correspondent writes to the 'Dispatch':-Information was received by the police here that a man named Domi nick Healy was going about mad at his brother's place at Breelong, and that he had beaten Mrs. James Healy with a stick and also nearly killed one of her lit tle children, besides breaking every pane of glass in the windows. Constable Scott immediately started in pursuit, and found it to be only too true. It appears that Healy has been suffering for some time, and was at his brother's place when this fit came suddenly upon him. He beat the little child to such an extent that it is doubted if it will live; and when Mrs. Healy went to take her child, Healy beat her very severely, and if it had not been for Senior Constables Towey and Boyd, of Coonamble, who were on the road about the time, the consequence would havei)een more serious. While in the watch-house at Mundooran, Healy tore the blankets into strips, as also his trousers and shirt. He has been taken into Gulgong to be tried. .iEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes : There is a phase of the Carl Massacre to which I do not think any attention has been directed. The something to which I refer proves that the warlike natives captured at Bougainville Islands are men of more than savage braveiy, and yet with human sympathies. In the evidence at the late trial it was deposed that through out the deadly fusillade into the hold of the slaver there was no cry of pain nor moan of wound. They took their deaths like heroes, and yet, when a white savage seized, in order to throw overboard^ the six fingered native child, the men who had never cried out under the murderous fire of their enslavers uttered a sympa thetic and protesting wail of anguish. The ' Chronicle' says :-" Mr. Sim, of Dundathu, whose Christianity takes a practical turn, gave his annual entertain ment to the blacks of Fraser's Island and the adjoining coast on Christmas day. The darkies, 400 in number, had been assembling for some days previous, in the flutter of anticipation, for the ' good time coming,5 and their expectations were more than realised. 2 bullocks, roasted whole, 3 bags flour, with tea, sugar, and tobacco galore, formed the components of a feast to which fond memory will often recur during the ensuing twelvemonth. The banquet wound up according to the established precedent, with a grand cor roboree, at which in several instances the march of civilisation was indicated by the substitution of 'Marching through Georgia,' ' Happy Land,' and other whitefeUow songs-not always quite appropriate to a scene of secular re velry-for 'the wood-notes wild,' racy of the soil, which formed the staple of the programme on previous occasions. In the evening Mr. Sim entertained also a large party of ladies and gentlemen from Maryborough at the big house." On the 3rd instant a butcher named Frederick Massey was found dead in a hotel at the Circular Quay, Sydney. It appears he died from disease of the heart and liver, accelerated by intemperance. Mr. John M'Kinlay, the Australian ex plorer, is dead. In a cricket match at Clermont, Qd., on Boxing Day, an aborigine astonished every one by sending the ball a distance of one hundred and forty yards, as measured with a tape. Telegram from Brisbane, in Monday's ' Herald':-Gardner has been released on i a writ of habeas corpus.-A man named Davy, formerly a letter-carrier, was drowned in the River. Ditto from Melbourne :-Mr. Edward Young, manager of the Castlemaine branch of the Oriental Bank, has been charged with embezzlement.-At the Maribyrnong sale of yearlings ten lots were disposed of, and one was withdrawn ; the total amount realised was 4375 guineas, the average was 430 guineas. A bay colt by Fireworks and Gildermire brought 670 guineas. J. Thompson, the bookmaker, bought a bay filly by Fireworks out of Moonlight, for 650 guineas. Sir. Hurtle Fisher pur chased two Green and one Boiardo colts. Mr. Bowler bought a Fireworks colt, and Messrs. Wilson and Sampson are also pur chasers.-Oppenheimer and Hamburger have been found guilty of a conspiracy to defraud, and were remanded for sen tence. A new trial is to be moved for, on the ground of misdirection of evidence. Ditto from Adelaide:-Two reef claims at Yam Creek have been sold for £2000. -There have been large sales of wheat at 4s. 4d. afloat; 10,000 bushels have been sold at 4s. 3d. for delivery in Jan. A correspondent at Walgett writes to the ' Mercury':-Colmer station (North Nugal) has been bought by Mr. Bell, the lessee of South Nugal, unstocked. Gun golmar station has been purchased by Mr. Rawstliorne at £7 2s. per head. It is an audacious price, but it is specially noted for the famous waterhole that has resisted the many droughts in these parts. Tuesday's 1 Mercury' says :-Mr. Heniy Meek, of Raymond Terrace, informs us that while on his way in. from that place to West Maitland, yesterday, he had a veiy narrow escape from being bitten by a brown snake. Mr. Meek was quietly riding along on horseback when the snake suddenly darted at him from a large log on the roadside, with such force that the reptile actually sprang right over the horse's neck, and the rider only escaped by throwing himself back in the saddle. Having only a short switch in his hand, Mr. Meek had some doubt as to the pro priety of engaging in contest with the snake, which he says was five feet long, and while he hesitated the snake took advantage of the opportunity to glide into the scrub, and was seen no more. Its Singleton correspondent writes : The other day Mrs. M'Gregor and Mis. Giles were proceeding into Singleton, from Abbey Green, in a spring cart, with a child, when by some means the cart was upset, and the occupants thrown out; the two women alighted under the cart, and were considerably shaken, but not otherwise hurt; but, singular to say, the child was discovered in an umbrella with out being in any way injured. The schooner Coquette has been wrecked at the Clarence Heads. A man named Jas. Burns was lately taken in custody, at Warwick, by Con stable Farquharson. The ' Examiner' states that when Burns was put in the lock-up, he was searched, but behaved so violently that the assistance of another constable had to be called in. Farqu harson laid his hand upon the breast of the prisoner to keep him quiet whilst he was being searched, when the prisoner turned round, caught Farquharson by the thumb of the left hand with his teeth, and completely bit off about an inch of the end of it. He spit the severed flesh out of his mouth, on to the floor of the cell, and it was picked up by another prisoner and handed to Constable Hinchey, and it was produced in Court. Farquharson lias suffered considerable pain, and has, of course, been unfit for duty, and will be so for some time to come. Burns has been committed for trial. The Wilcannia correspondent of the Bourke journal writes :-An unsual cir cumstance occurrred here on Tuesday morning. A bevy of young swans came walking leisurely past the hotel, when a simultaneous and exciting rush was made to capture them. We succeeded in ob taining six, and lodged them in safety, from whence they will be plucked and eaten like any other geese. How they had the temerity to venture into Wilcannia I cannot imagine.-There has been a ter rific storm in the Lake, Lower Murray ; the Pearl steamer partly capsized; 200 bales of wool were lost, and unfortunately a man was drowned. The Express's barge sank, with a heavy cargo, coming up ; the Ariel's barge also, I hear, capsized. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says : Annie, aged about nine years, daughter of Mrs. Kynock, living on the Highfields Road, was playing with some other chil dren, and, while climbing a tree, fell from a height of about seven feet. The poor little girl received a severe shock, bruising her head and face on the left side, and fracturing her left arm midway between the elbow and the wrist.-John Kirk, a lad thirteen or fourteen years of age, son of Mr. William Kirk, butcher, of this town, met with a very serious accident about six o'clock on Thursday evening. He was on horseback in the vicinity of his father's slaughtering yard, when the animal he was riding fell and rolled over him. No bones were broken, but it is feared he has been injured internally, for up to last evening he continued to be in an almost unconscious state. Mr. Kirk's sons have been very unfortunate indeed. An elder brother of the one now injured is not yet recovered from the effects of a broken collar-bone, the result of a fall from a horse, and each of the brothers have had a leg broken within, we believe, the last three years. The ' Gympie Times' says :-Mr. Hugh Goodwin met with a painful accident on Thursday afternoon on the racecourse. It appears that after the races for the day were over the blacks got up a free fight amongst themselves, when several by standers interfered, and the fight became general. Nullahs were thrown about freely, one of which unfortunately struck Mr. Goodwin on the nose, just between the eyes, cutting him badly.-A serious accident happened on Christmas Day at the Monkland to a man named Thomas M'Mahon. It appears that on the after noon of the day mentioned he was mak ing his way home, and while attempting to get over a fence his foot caught in one ef the palings, and the weight of his body falling over snapped his leg.-A melan choly fatal accident occurred on Thursday to a man named John Chaney Marsh. From particulars which we have gathered, it appears that Marsh and his son, a boy about 10 years old, were sawing a tree down on the bank of the river near Sur face Hill; the tree, which was a large one, in falling caught in the branches of another tree and tilted over; when it reached the ground it must have struck on a log, as the butt end of it bounded up about three feet from the ground, and in doing so struck poor Marsh on the face, smashing his skull, and killing him in stantaneously. The 'Queensland Times'(Ipswich) says: -A fire broke out yesterday morning at about 3 o'clock in Union Lane, in the workshops of Mr. John Slack, cabinet maker, which were completely burnt to the ground. We understand that a lathe, some valuable tools, and a quantity of furniture were in the workshop at the time, and the loss to Mr. Slack will be about from £50 to £70. The house was not insured. The ' Queenslander' says :-A poor little fellow has been brought to the verge of death during the week. It took all the skill of one of our best phy sicians to save him. The boy's life had been endangered ; he had been poisoned by eating coloured confectionery, or lollies. "Accidents" of this kind are more fre quent than parents imagine. A Goondiwindi correspondent writes to the ' Courier' :-A young man, son of a shepherd at Welltown, was drowned in a small gully near Callandoon station. He had come in for supplies for Christmas, and notwithstanding the flooded state of the country ventured to return to his sta tion. This is the first fatal ending result ing from adherence to the recognised motto here-"Death or glory," by water. The infatuation is strange, and has led to many a struggle for life among our young bloods, who seem desirous, as I heard it quoted, to "perish like a frog" individually. The ' Queensland Times' says :-While the police-as is their daily custom in fine weather-were bathing in the Warrego, near the barracks, Sergeant Carson was unfortunately drowned. No one seems to know exactly how the sad accident happened. "When last seen alive he was swimming about; shortly afterwards he was suddenly missed. The Goondiwindi correspondent of the 'Queensland Times' wrote on the 24tli ultimo :-Yesterday morning, 23rd, we were rather surprised to find on getting out of bed that our premises were quite in an insular condition, and that the whole of our township was under water. The River Macintyre, which was very high about 10 o'clock on Sunday evening, it appears, had overflowed its banks during the night, and the township, lying in a hollow as it unfortunately does, was soon flooded. Most of the houses were filled with water, and the inmates were com pelled to evacuate. Our Police Magis trate had to send the Government boat in order to rescue several persons in the neighbourhood from their uncomfortable and dangerous position. Much damage has been done to property, but no lives have been lost. Eight years have elapsed since the Macintyre was so high, and even then it is asserted by the older residents it was not so high. The school premises and Mr. Draughton's, situated on the sand-ridge, were the only places altogether free from the flood. The following items are from the ' Aus tralasian' : - Bairnsdale, Saturday. A young man named Thomas Moore was in stantaneously killed in the Hack Hurdle Race on the course this afternoon. The horse fell on him, and broke his neck, at the third hurdle.-Wahgunyah, Wednes day. Messrs. William M'Culloch and Co. have commenced an action in the Supreme Court, Victoria, against Mr. William J. Browne, customs officer, Corowa, for slander. Damages are laid at £'2000. A fatal accident happened on Tuesday morning at the Sandridge town pier. Thomas Newman, a tinsmith, aged 24 years, was standing at the end of the pier fishing at about 8 o'clock, with one foot on the pier and the other on a pile, and as he was throwing his line he fell into the water. He did not sink at first, but made no struggle or effort to save himself, and before assistance could be rendered he sank. He was got out in about a quarter of an hour, when he was of course quite dead. Deceased was subject to epileptic fits.-A very sudden death occurred at Williams town on Tuesday morning. K_ Pullen, a waterman, aged 57 years, was sitting on a sofa in his house, when he suddenly fell backwards insensible, and died almost immediately.-A melancholy fatal accident occurred in the Botanical Reserve during the festivities of Boxing Day. Walter, John Stephenson, a boy of seven, son of a fireman living at Emerald hill, went to a Sunday-school feast in the reserve, and fell into a tank, from the mouth of which he had removed some boards.-An accident which has termi nated fatally occurred on Tuesday evening. A man named Peter Shearer, while intoxi cated, fell down-stairs in an hotel in Mel bourne, and received injuries which neces sitated his removal to the hospital. It was found that he was suffering from con cussion of the brain, which caused his death the next morning.-During an im promptu jumping match, got up by a pic nic party at the Yan Yean on Wednesday, an unfortunate accident occurred. A young man named James Payne, 23 years of age, residing in Abbotsford-street, East Collmgwood, was in the act of jumping, when he felt something crack with a snap which soundedlike the report of apistol, and found that his knee-cap had been broken. -On Saturday, at about 3 p.m., the body of a man named Michael Fitzpatrick, aged about 37 years, who had been missing from his home at 156, Moray-street, Eme rald Hill, since the 24th ult., was found floating in the Yarra, near the Saltwater River. The deceased was under the in fluence of liquor when last seen.-A fatal accident happened on the 27th ult. at the Kangaroo Grounds, about four miles and a half from Eltliam. Rlioda Wilier, aged about 15 months, was accidentally drowned in a waterhole at the back of the residence of her father, who keeps Willer's Hotel.-The body of a man which was found in a cart at the rear of Messrs. Hughes and Harvey's premises, Lonsdale street East, on Friday, was identified by the son of the deceased, Frederick W. Stevenson, photographer at Emerald-hill, as that of Frederick Stevenson, aged 46 years, a dealer, who arrived from Eng land on the previous Saturday. He had been a drunkard for years, and died from tubercular inflammation of the membranes of the brain. On Monday evening there was an alarm of fire at Barker's flour mills, Sydney, and five engines were soon on the spot. Some bags had been put on the top of the boiler to dry, and they ignited. The fire was put out with a few buckets of water. Some persons lately went out of Batli urst for a pic-nic. A snake crawled up the leg of a boy's trousers, but fortu nately was shaken out without biting him. But on a little dog attacking the reptile the latter bit the dog, and got away. The dog died within an hour. On Monday morning a Mrs. Clare, re siding in Bathurst-street, Sydney, was found dead in bed. She had gone to bed the worse for drink on Sunday after noon. The ' Wagga Wagga Express' says : On Thursday, while the sky was almost cloudless, and certainly without the slightest appearance of the existence of electricity in the atmosphere, the local telegraph office was entered by the elec tric fluid. Both of the coils of the relay were fused, but the instrument was not otherwise damaged. A very heavy thun derstorm was raging in Young. Telegram from Brisbane, in Tuesday's 'Herald':-AtRockhampton,Mrs. Worth, Fenwick's paramour, has been arrested on a charge of murder.-The tender of the Union Bank for the Government business has been accepted.-At Stanthorpe, a meeting of managers and proprietors of selections was held on Saturday to con sider the wages question. Wages were fixed by them at £2 2s. weekly. There is to be a roll-up meeting to-night of the men. Ditto from Melbourne:-TheMelbourne Meat-preserving Company have received a private telegram from London, to the ef fect that there is less demand for pre served meat, and advising them to limit the shipments of mutton, as the demand is falling off.-A postponement of the Con ference until the arrival of the mail steamer has been agreed to.--Commodore Stirling, in his letter to ihe Governor, states that the difficulty in reference to returning the Carl islanders to their homes is, to dis cover whence they were taken. This is especially the case in regard to the Solo mon Islanders ; but the matter is receiv ing his attention.-Oppenheim and Ham burger have each been fined ,£100. The fine was paid. Ditto from Adelaide :-A disastrous fire has occurred at Salisbury, on the Para River, about twelve miles North of Adelaide, and destroyed everything be longing to ten firms.-There have been sales of wheat at 4s. 3d. for delivery to February 4th, and 4s. 4d. afloat for prompt delivery. Flour is quiet. The other day an old man named Ro bert Appleton died in the Sydney Infir mary, shortly after admission, of disease of the heart. A meeting has been called at Mudgee to petition for the removal from that dis trict of Judge Josephson. The 'Braidwood Dispatch' says: Joseph, son of Mr. Dudley M'Grath, of Corang, was unyoking his team of bul locks,when accidentally touching one of them with the chain, it kicked at him, and catching him on the shoulder, dis located it. A boy of five years named Richard Dunnett died in Sydney on Saturday, from burns received by his night dress taking fire. On Sunday morning an infant named Morris was found dead in bed, in Sydney. It had been accidentally overlain by its parents. Tuesday's ' Herald' says:-Bank stock was very firm yesterday, the tone of the market being decidedly in favour of sellers, and the advanced prices asked at the end of last week well supported. City changed hands at 9J, with few offer ing. Commercial wanted at 67£, holders asking 70. Joint Stock brought 12J, New South Wales 45, and National of Queensland 4J. Australasian Steam ad vancing, 18 paid, and 17f offered. Hun ter River would find buyers at 3|-. Gas light wanted at 15, an advance of 5s. on previous sales. Debentures scarce j- quo tations unaltered. 