TOUCHING GHOSTS. Taa subject of ghosts is moving the Mel bourne publio in a marked manner just at present. The Daily Tcieprapii publishes the two following stories. The first is entitled ' A 8trange Story' : — ' The head of a well known Melbonrne firm sends ns the following narrative, every word of which he voncbes is ' strictly true' : — Very extraordinary things have, from time to time, been snid and writ ten on the subject of ghosts. I myself have read and heard of thousands of instances, to fill appearances well authenticated ; bot never have I had tbe fortone, good or bad, to be brought face to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things ; aud I offer the following facts to the acceptance of yoor readers : — On Fatnrday afternoon, tbe 14th inst, I was on my way home from bnsiiiess in company with a gentleman ; the time was as near as possible six, or ten minutes past six. j We were passing aloQg Spring- street, on the ' opposite side to the Princess's theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I sud denly imagined that I was on the point of running against some object which was cros sing tho footpath from tlie fence to the road, aud I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extiaordii.ary appearanoe pass Bcroes my path, and, ns it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly slopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent n collision. In pore astonishment we watched the appearance for, perhaps, fonr seconds, when it completely vanished I may add that tbe nearest person iu front wassome little dis tance on, and there was no person for some dis imlcc lehitid. The iipi'ear.iuco was of a very peculiar gray transparent nature. I could not for the life of me say tbe form it took. The suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with tbe unusnal start which the affair gave to both of ns, would accouut for the want of a closer examination. A few words in conclcsion. On Sonday, 15th, tbe follow ing day, I was passing the spot, only this time on the top of au omnibus, when I pointed to the place, aud mentioned the fact to the dri ver, who told me that aootbor gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had ststed that be cume bolt np against somebody or something at that very spot, and that ho ehoated out to it' ' Now then, mind where ^yon're coming when be also was somewhat startled to see tho appearance snddenly dis appear. fflbe eeoond is in tbe comparative degree— 'A Stranger Story.' The correspondent, -who 'famishes so account of an encounter frith eosnething supernatural or otherwise, eaya : — ' [ have an indistinct recollection of having either read or dreamt a supplementary veree, -composed by someone else or imagined by myeelf, to the well-known poem, entitled ' The House that Jack Bnilt.' Everyone is acquainted with tbe untimely fate of the rat, the cat, «nd the dog, and also! with tbe romance connected with the ' maiden all for forlorn* aud ' the man all tattered and torn,' eto. The poem ends with the marriage of ^the hero and heroine, and the additional verse to which i have referred runs thus Tbis ie the babe that was born in the morn After tbe man all tattered and torn Bad married the maiden all forlorn, eto, .As Cbryscsenys in the plov, 'in tbe sequence of events' the interesting incident thns sup iplementarily set forth may be perfectly cor rect, tat the time of ite occurrence is errone- ouely eetdowr. (Boboa never are born 'in ibe morn,' midnight, or thereabouts, being 'the tisual hour of 'humanity's nativity. I have good reason to know this, it having ?been my fate, at one'time of my Austratian ijiilgrimage, to live in a locality where there were 4 number of little 'darlings periodically born, and, there being no doctor within a distance of twelve miles, I filled the office for a few years of medical messenger, and, &B; Paddy says in the song, ' I'll be on tbe vartieu of my oath * that I never had a day light ride during the whole five or six years. I was roused up one night about 10 o'clock -—I kept better hours in tho bnsli than I do in Melbonrne— by A B , who com municated the intelligence, 1 B— — e is taken bad ;' aud then followed the usual, ? Go for tbe doctor.' I was not long before I was in the saddle, and in about an hour I was at the doctor e door in 8«~ y. Docto s ere some thing like policemen— not always to be had when they are wanted, — and it proved to be eo in this instance. 'The little German' ~ was from borne, bo 1 left orders for him to ? £et. where he wos wanted as Boon bb possible, and started on my return ride, and it was on my way back that I met a * spirit of health, or goblin dammed.' I called at 'The Old 8 pot,' aud had a nip with T ? y W ? b. and, having left that stage on tbe jonrney, was soon on the tableland between tbe Gander Plains and the One-tree Hill. It was a beautiful moonlight night, and the tableland was such that I could see « considerable die trace ahead, and, looking forward, I bbw . a man on horseback coming towards m-v . . When I first noticed the traveller he was, probably, * quarter or half a mile away ; for, going at a walking ptot, it was possibly ten minotea or a quarter of an hour before we met Twaa then about the witching boor of light, or getting on towards it, and I won dered who was out ao late. The animal I riding also showed mgns of curiosity, for ?he pricked tip her ears and watched the coming traveller as attentively, or, in fact, ~ awe attentively, aa I did. Presently the ^ |»0tte and Its rider were within speaking ' aiataocf, but I have never been, able to aatb&r; myself whether I uttered the 'Good Bight, m ate,* or whether the salutation stuck la toy throat or on my tongue. The appa -itioa,«r appearance, or whatever it was, came dose op, and I stopped my horse to have a yarn, wbeu it vanished uiiliin (at the outside distance) a yatd from my eyes. There could have been no optical delusion in tbe matter for I watched the thing for a length of time, for all that I would have thought it possible that I might have been mistaken hud there not been the evidence of the horses ol -serra- tion to support my own. There wbb no mis take whatever alout the fact of the animal seeiud it es well as me, for she raised her bead, cocked her eais, and walked with that peculiar step common to horses when tbey are watching anything that attracts their at tention at night. Tbe adventure placed a considering cop upon my head which has re mained tbeie tor uow nearly twenty years. I might be disposed to believe, with Milton, I that Millions of spiritual beings walk j The earth unseen. | Or, it iB possible, that now and then they may put in au appearance in some shape or form. Such supernatural visitors, however, are in variaLly supposed to represent defunct hems- j nity, bot the ghost of that horse has always been a terrible przzle to me.' The subject has called forth the following remarks from ' A Sceptic,' who writes thus : — Iu accordance with tbe maxim to investi gate everything, even what may appear to us as foolish, and considering the enlightened and miraculous times we live in, I think the strange story, vouched for as a genuine fact, cannot be ventilated enough, as it leaves only the alternative of optical dolusiou or the reality of tbe ghostly appearanoe seen and almost Mt by the two gentleman in Spring street. Be fore I go any farther, I must declare myself as an absolute sceptic as far as visible ghosts are concerned, although I believe in presenti ments, spiritual warnings against impending danger, aud, in fact, in all that can be said iu a reasonable way concerning the connecting link which binds our immortal sonls with th? older and, for us living people, unknown world. The mania for ta! le-rapping, and the so-called spiritualistic experiments performed iu soances with ends -f ropes, flatiroos, talile legs, and sundry other phenomena of a simular nature, have never iufected my mind, or, I may say, my stubborn common sense ; bat in this case, whose veracity is vouched for by two respectable and, as it seems, coolhuaded gentlemen, there is not tho question any more of mere harmless spiritualistic performances which may entertain an eveuing's compauy, but here we have to do with a real ghost iu persoi u, running against people, obstructing their passage, aud disappearing in nebula profunda. Last night, exactly at the same time mentioned in u ' fe'trango .Story,' I per ambulated the pointed-out spot in Spring street for a full hour's time ; I challenged tho ghoet to make its speedy appearance in the formula of the different languages known to nie aud pei formed all Burls of magic manipulations to conjure him up; but all in vain; the vet weather, tbe bitting of toe House cf Parlia ment, a policeman looming in the distance, or my self known to him pel haps as a sceptic, kept bim out of my way, and ell I saw on tbiB, by tbe by, very muddy side of Spring street belonged to tbe masculine and feminine genders, who, in passing me, were talking iu a bantering way about the Spring street ghost and his nun -appearance. So I went homo certainly a wetter if not a wiser man, and came, regsrdlt-ss of all the plaasible stories about visible and even waiving ghosts, to the cohclasion that those kinds of ghosts may be very well in theory but not visit le in practice. The two gentleman who gave origin to this ghost story confessed that for ths life of them they couid not say of what shape and f»rm the ghost they encountered in Spring street was made; it looked like a kiud of greyish substance, and disappeared in about four seconds time in the thick and allshroud ing fog, very likely not to be seen any more, and the phenoDemon occurred upon tbe pre cincts of a cemetery, or in any other aj ot where reasonably speaking ghosts may l-e thought to have their full sway,l would have suggested that a mischevLus boy and the happy possessor of a msgic lantern had frightened the passers-by out of their wits by conjariog up ghosts wandering over the different graves; but in this particular case we have an open and exceedingly broad street, where, as the houses are situated, the use of a magio lantern would uot answer the purpose, and even if tbe lantern was one powerful enongh to woik at Bnch a distance, that identical evening at leaBt, when the fog was as dense as cheese, mo reflector of the most powerfnl lantern would have been strong enough to create an image in this for the eye impenetrable mist. What has it been ? may now reasonably be asked. Learned people may indulge in the vain attempt to answer this question, in unravelling all their scientific knowledge concerning tbe pros and conB about the genuine and visible reality of ghosts, bnt bH that has been written and said concerning this for ever mysterious sub ject is merely based on man's guesswork, and the reality or non-reality of visible ghosts etill remains an open qoestiocand an unsolved problem, whose mysteries will remBin mys teries for ns as long as we are inmstes of this practical world. Sbakespere says there are things between heaven and earth which sur pass onr feeble understanding, and one of these things is a ghost id est., an inhabitant of that invisible world, from whose realm no one has retarded yet to inform us of what it consists. As in the deserts of Arabia ana Africa images of splendid palaces surrounded by fruitful gardens and crossed by silvery streams appeared to tbe dazzled eye of the weary traveller, and still the whole amounts to nothing more than an optical deception or fata mergana, so reason should teach us to believe rather in natural phenomena tban to conceive tbe erroneous idea to have seen something thBt borders on the supernatural, and, ergo, not solvable even by tbe wisest brains. 