NEWS OF THE WEEK ? ♦— ? The Southern Argus states that as Mr. J. Clayton, of Nairne, was getting out of his trap at Maoclesfield on Saturday last, he missed his footing, and fell on his face, the horse moving at the same time, taking the wheels over him. Dr. Fergusson found him suffering from severe fracture of the jaw, and bruises, but he is progressing favorably. An Association under the title of the Waukaringa Gold Mining Company was floated by Mr. G. S. Price on Thursday, to work the gold discovery known as Watson's claims, about 100 miles north-east of the Burra. The Com pany is in 20,000 shares, of which the pro moters reserve 9,000, and the 11,000 were all taken up during the forenoon. This evening the Theatre Royal will be opened again by Mr. Allison for seveu nights, during which a histrionic and gymnastic entertainment will be given. The Loyals will go through some sensational performances on the trapeze and tight-rope in taking flying leaps and in other ways. We understand the feats they perform are very wonderful, and almost, or quite, unprecedented in this colony. The dramatic company will also play in a variety of lively pieces, the programme being altered nearly every night. The employes connected with the Theatre Royal, with their families and a few friends, held a picnic on Friday, June 27. They went in three of Mr. Gors's waggonettes to St. Kilda Beach, where a very pleasant day was spent. The games included cricket and football ; and Mr. Sinclair, of Hindley-atreet, kindly lent his rifle gallery for the use of the ladies. The pleasure-seekers returned to town about seven o'clock, and before separating, thanked Mr. J. £. Gooden for having furnished them with cricketing materials. From a recent issue of the Wesley an Chronicle, published in Melbourne, we take the following paragraph :— ' Our readers are aware that the several districts of South Australia and Victoria adopted resolutions inviting Dr. Punshon to 'visit Australia before returning to Fngland from Canada. The Rev. John Watsford communicated this request to Dr. Punshon, and urged his compliance with it. Mr. Watsford has received Dr. Punshon's reply, that it is not possible for him to comply with the request ; that it would have afforded him pleasure to have done so ; and there is what may, we think, be interpreted a hint, that possibly at some other time he may be able to come.' A meeting of the Building Com mittee of the Anglican Cathedral was held at the Church Office on Thursday, June 27. His Lordship the Bishop presided. The financial statement, read by Mr. G. W. Hawkes, showed that £1,500 was required to finish, the Cathe dral. This included £1,075, which it was expected the lantern tower would cost. It was resolved — ' That the Committee, having received an intimation from the Lord Bishop of his intention to be responsible for the cost of the lantern tower, estimated at £1,075, pledge themselves to raise the balance, £425, to complete the roof as early as possible.' It is anticipated that the Cathedral will be ready for opening on St. Peter's Day, 1874. Mr. Beach, of Hindley-street, has j uet completed to order a magnificent wedding oake, which in a few days will occupy its ap pointed place at the nuptial celebrations in the household of one of our prominent public men. There are four tiers of cake, surmounted by a handsome vase containing bridal decorations, prominent amongst which are sprays of jas mine, orange blossom, myrtle, snowdrop, and white roses. The body of the cake is elaborately and chastely ornamented. It stands about four feet high, is two feet iu diameter, and weighs about 120 lbs. With a few trifling exceptions the decorations have been made by Mr. Beach, and in this respect alone great taste and ability have been displayed in this branch of the art of confectionery. The cake is now on view. At a public meeting held in connection with, tte CimpbeUto-wn Institute, at the Glynde Hotel, June 26, Mr. W. Dean in the chair, it was resolv d that the money subscribed toward* building a Hall be returned to the subscribers, less the {expenses, as arranged at a. previous meeting ; and, further, that each member pay 2s. toward the same. Mr. Dean said that, to him, it was a great disappointment to give the affair up. He had an interview with the Hon. H. Mildred, who wished the meeting to thoroughly understand that it was not his fault that they had not the title to the piece of land he promised, and that if at any time they could get the money to build, they should have tbe land. . He further stated that he had seen Mr. E. T. Smith, M. P., who kindly promised to aid them all he could in building an In stitute. He (Mr. Dean) therefore proposed that they make it their business to wait on the Hon. EL Mildred and get the land first, as he felt confident that they would soon then get the money. He thought that if the Dis trict Council would levy a small rate, say 3d. in the pound, it would sro a long way towards defraying the cost, and the whole being supplemented by the Government, they would then have enough to erect a place that would be an ornament to the neighborhood, and of use as aDistiict Council room, and for other purposes. A vote of thanks being accorded to Mr. Mildred, the meeting closed. The second quarterly meeting in con nection with, the South Australian Sunday school Teachers' Union was held at the Hind marsh-square Congregational Church on Friday evening, June 27. There was a large attendance, and Mr. J. Oolton (President) presided. Mr. T. Frost read a paper, ' Success in Our Work, aud How to Attain It,' in which, after re ferring to teachers as soul-gatherers, it was pointed out, as the means of achieving success, that there must be a living, fervid, and strong faith in the work and its divine appointment and sustenance; in the susceptibility of the scholars to divine impressions ; in the means employed ; and a full belief that all Scripture was inspired. The service of song was advocated as an important auxi liary and aid in the work, and prayer with the scholars and in private urged as an essential duty, whilst the importance of enlisting the svniDatMes and affection of the children was likewise impressed. A discussion followed, in which Messrs. W. Shakespeare, Jas. Brown, J. Lloyd, J. Steele, Gilbert, and S. Whitmore took part, and expressed concurrence in the views embodied in the piper. Pvominent amongst the hindrances to success were mentioned the want of permanent and experienced teachers, and a systematic study of the children's minds and sympathies, and the lack of faith in per sonal effort combined with confidence iu God's power to bless. At the close of the discussion it was mentioned that it was decided, if prac ticablp, to form a teachers' preparation class in connection with the Union. Mr. Robert Wyman, blacksmith, of Pulteney-street, was, on Thursday evening, June 26, taken to the Adelaide Hospital, suffer- ing from a simple fracture of the left leg, caused by stumbling over a culvert. Mr. Scrutton has received a very cheering report from his party now boring on the Coorong for Petroleum or coal. The indi- cations are considered sufficiently good to in- spire every confidence in the venture. We have seen at the establishment of the Adelaide Photographic Company two excel lent oil paintings. One is a painting of the late Mrs. Church, and the other is a bust por- lauo iixid. uuuruu, stud bile Obaer is a Dust por trait ot Mr. D. J. Fowler. The likenesses are weU preserved, and the pictures display much artistic skill and finish. As one of the press boats came along sida tl\e jetty oa Thursday, there was a youngster oa the fore deck who wis pitched overboard, and would soon have became a fted for fishes, buc that the coxswain, with a prorap litude which does him credit, at or.ee tcok a header after the boy, and rescued him. On Thursday, June 26, as Mr. Hugh Wayland, drayman, of Kent Town, was driving some horses attached to a van at Hindmarsh the noise of & train rushing by frightened the animals, which thereupon bolted. The driver was thrown out, sustaining a breakage of his left thigh bone. He was promptly removed to the City Hospital. According to the Albury Banner of June 14, the late rains and mild, weather have rendered the country on the Lower Murray all that could be desired for pastoral purposes. Lambing has been general for some time, and the lambs appear to be healthy and vigorous. In some of the paddocks on Boomanoomana and the Tuppal, it is expected that over 90 per cent. \^ of lambs will be realised. « The Pastoral Times says that the snagging on the Murrumbidgee River is being proceeded with most vigorously. It is, hotfjf ever, computed that it will take 10 years w remove all the obstructing trees in the river between Hay and Narandera. Local quidnuncs assert boldly enough that a. light railway be tween Wagga Wagga and Hay would be cheaper and more effective than water carriage, which must necessarily be very uncertain, as season after season there is not sufficient water in the river to float a vessel. 'A new branch of industry,' writes the MelbourneM^e, ' is to be seen at the yards of Messrs. W. Train & Co., Sandridge-road. It is the flooring of a verandah, composed entirely of Willunga slate. The design is a very neat one, and the clean appearance of the polished slabs gives it a very elegant look. Such verandahs have lately come much into use in Adelaide, but the one referred to is the first which has been constructed in Victoria.' On Thursday, June 26, a little boy named James White, son of Mr. John White, of Start- street, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from severe injuries to the head, and, it is thought, from hurts sustained internally. It seems that the little sufferer was employed at the Club House, North terraoe, and on the day in question fell from some stairs in that building. He was picked up insensible, and removed for medical examina tion. During the past day or two the large vessels in tbe roads have been receiving en board their crews, and to take stock of the tars as they go off to their respective ships is some what amusing, though in some cases it would afford the disciples of Father Mathew au opportunity of drawing comparisons. One or two turn up in a conscious state of sobriety, with well-appointed gear and kit of clothes ; others, on the oontrary, have been carted over iu a state of unconsciousness as to what their ^ff future destiny might be. Generally, however, r^ they appear a jolly lot of men, and at the in* creased, rate of wages will no doubt do duty like British tars. Speaking of Mr. J. G. Pitcher, the representative of the English and Scottish Bank at Port Darwin, the Kapunda Herald says : — ' The friends of this gentleman will re joice in ©ne ssnse to learn that he will return from Port Darwin to Kapunda by the first opportunity. He has already found the climate too trying for him, and was unable to proceed to the diggings at the time he intended in con sequence of an attack of fever. He has now happily recovered, and as we have said, will re return by the first chance. He reports very favorably of business and banking prospects at Port Darwin, and advises the immediate esta blishment of a branch there. The Adelaide Board of the English and Scottish Bank have offered the management at1 Port Darwin t-5 Mr. Pitcher's locum tenens, but we believe that gentleman has not yet finally decided whether he will go.' The Peak Downs correspondent of a Rockhampton paper gives the following account of the effect on a camp of blacks of the late eclipse of the moon :— The moon r--se on one of those fantastic scenes common in the bash of Australia — a grand fete at the blacks' camp. The young bloods — the dancers of this goodly company — were dressed and '? painted in the full dress adopted by their ' ancestors, so scant as to make a ballet-girl envious, tho old ladies and gentlemen dis coursing harmonious music. Tbe dance be came more exciting, and the dulcet strains louder ; the dust and flames rose high to heaven, when, lo ! what stops this mirth ? It is the cry, 'Moon tumble down !' All eyes are for the moment raised to the darkened moon, and then, forgetful of the already pre pared sumptuous repast, of their worldly pos sessions, and of their ever-attendant war in struments, away scamper the motley festive party over the hills and through the sorub, regardless of all obstacles, with but one object in view — to get at -the back of the moon, that as it ' tumbled down' they might not be under. On, on, they sped, to the east, with the rv, ' The moon take the hind most.' At the Ararat Botanic Gardens, writes the Advertiser, a remarkable fungus, unique ia its way, of singularly fragile construction, and of very short life, has made its appearance, some half a dozen specimens having been noticed about the centre borders of the upper garden. It is as much of a curiosity as the pitcher plant, with its serviceable jug hanging at the end of the leaf to catch wj,ter for the sustenance of the parent stem during the long dry parching summers which prevail in the regions of its natural habitat, or as that most practical little flower, Venus's fly-trap, the tenacious clasp of whose foliage makes short work of any crawling insect that profanes its sanctuary, or as the exquisitely sensitive mimosa. &. small, clumsy-looking, ovai shaped receptacle is formed just under tbe surface of the soil, with a hinged cover at the top, heart-shaped, and accurately fitted. In the early morning the cover is forced open, a fungoid formation makes its way into the dewy sunlight, assumes the shape of a network balloou, enjoys its little life for a couple of hours, and is blown off by the wind, if there is any, or shrivels up and disappears after having carried out its mysterious purpose ; the hinged lid closes, and the eoatser part of the fungus dis appears beneath the soil. What the purpose of this little cryptogam can be is a puzzle to the I observer, who is apt to come away with the dictum on his mind of ' an instructor of youth' not unknown in the schools — 'a rum 'un is j nature.' ' m The Melbourne people have got a ghost, m and the Daily Telegraph thus relates tho story : M — ' The head of a well-known Melbourne firm I sends us the following narrative, every word of fl which he vouches is ' strictly true :' — On the S 14th instant I was on my way home from buHi- ^M ness, in company with a gentleman ; the time ^M was as nearly as possible 6 to 10 minutes past 6. ^H We were passing along Spring-street, on the ^H opposite side to the Princess's Theatre, and flH about opposite that building, when 1 suddenly ^H imagined that I was on the point of running ^^M against some object which was crossing the foot- ^^J path from the fence to the road, and I put out ^H my hands to prevent striking. I observed tbe ^H extraordinary appearance pass across my path, ^H and, as it were, completely in the way of ^H my iriena, wno was waimng on my lett ^^H hand. He instantly stopped, and also ^^H placed his haul out in order lo prevent a ^^H collision. In pure astonishment, we watched ^^H the appearance for perhaps four seconds. wh-=H ^^H it completely vanished. I may add that the ^^H nearest person in front was some little distauce ^^H on, and there was no person for some distance ^^^m behind. The appearance wj.s of a very peculiar ^^H grey transparent nature. I could not for the ^^H life of me say the form it took. The budden- ^^H ness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled ^^H with tho unusual start which ' he affair gave to ^^H both of us, would account for the want of a ^^H closer examination. On the following day I ^^M was passing: the spot — only this time on the top ^^H of an omnibus — when I- pointed to the iiLice, ^^H and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told ^^H rue that another gentleman, about a month or ^^| six weeks back, hxi Btatetl that he came bolt ^^| up against somebody or soinefiiDg at the very ^^H spot, and that he shouted eut to it, ' - ow then, ^^M mind where you're coming,' when he also was ^^M somewhat startled to see the appearance sud- ^^| den.y disappear.' ^H We hear that the Parliament will meet for the dispatch of business, on the last Friday m&uy;^^ffiJV .? - '? ^ ;_-; ti;: ' ^. mHsbses. W. (&,Buik & Ca, naV© oeei^, appoipiied ironmongers to Ilia, Excellency the^ (Sovernor. '? ?..-':? - - ?:?..? ^ -? . . ? '? '??-.? 'On Wecfrieaiay His jSxcelleticy held a; Qonnoil, at which all the Ministers were preserit except the. Hon. the Gommissioner of 'Grown ; ' AngaXj' writing in the Australasian, mentions that it is intended to invite all the7 Governonrof Australia to be present at the' great tajdng, fesMval in Victoria in Hovember aecrt. '?'.??? \ '''/'..'? ' ' . ': According tot the Border, Watch a me-; morial to: tbe Commissioner of Public Works is nowin course of; signature on the drained land, asking that lUvoUiiaySoutaflhould.be declared a.gortj and aietty erected there without delay.; . We. are informed that what is supposed^ ip be the main reef, two feet in width, lias been'- strdck ata depth.ff between 30 and |# feet, on tto' Kangaroo claims, and that, the quartz is very rich, showing; a ejreat deal of gold. Oh the occasion of the present holidays; the scholars of the Portland Jfotaxe School iiavei presented to Miss Fallu, their preceptress, as a; token of ^their eBteein, an address, acaompanied by a very handsome gold chain and: locket. '.' Qaj Bnnday evening the Rev. ; Jaines Bickford. preached in the Wesleyan Church, Pirie-Btreet, wider the auspices of the. Adelaide Goristian; Young Men's Association.; The lessons ip.theli£e«f Mpsea .formed the bajua of an able and *. very inter«Bting sermon. '' ,The.^licFircing is a telegram received on Jrlohday from Mr. B. M. Hughes, of Bourke, on thV .Darling :— ' June ' lfi.-f-Kiver has risen 16 feet here, and is ribing two (2) feet daily. Jkiipleiood for navigation. Goolwa, steamer, cbp^^/laafin^.leaVepj'to-day.' . : Mm HarryiTurner. received the. follbw- ingi»legram item Fort Darwin, on Tuesday :— - 'lannFerri Arrived to-day, Monday. Every thing aft rightJ^- Jambs Simpson, Souiiport.' This telegrato relates to the machinery, pro visions, and stores- of the Pioneer, Priscdlla, andTVinn'stJompanieF. A collision between a spring-cart, driven byMr, John/Harlow, of LowerMitcham,,3 and a trolley, diaren by a man in the employ of Messrs. HiLL,;Mili*,;& (Co., took place near Vic toria-square oa Tuesday evening. 'The; shaft of: the cart was broken, and part of the harness of Hie trolley was damaged, but no farther injury resulted.' : r.pn,eiiQ^uiry at the Adelaide Hospital on. Monday 'evening, we. were pleased to hear that Mr. Henry -JEDqs&n;, who was .admitted Buffering from injuries to the head and neck, unsfoined tfarangh a fall frem the top of a. load of hay, was alighjbTy better, ; Arid apparently on the way to recovery. r, ' ?' On Monday a young man named Henry Hiosan,: employed -on Mr. W. Grossman's farm at Fnllaiton, was admitted into the Hospital suffering from somewhat 'severe in juries to the neck and head, sustained -through his' falling from the top a load of hay, *nd striking the shaft of the dray^s he felL He 1b progressing favorably.7 . ' : ! ' : There rwas a masquerade ball, in. con?, nectaon , with the . Turn verein, at the National Hotel^Pirie- sfcre«t,oa Thursday evening,. Jane 19\. The .attendance was large,. and, the ar rangements: being admirable, the affair was in every: respect a snccess. There was great variety in the costumes ; many were both elegant and noveL :-; On/Thursday, the 19th instant,- as Mr. Thos. Murray, of Mount Crawford, accom panied by another gentleman, was ridicg. over his hrother'a riuij.on the Rhyme, the m'aie that Mr. Murray was riding accidentally put her fore feet into .a hol«, stumbled, and, with great form, shot her rider some distance ahead. He fortunately; escaped without injury, but; 'the mare pitched on her head and broke her neck on the epot. ;. J '? . ' On Friday Mr, Bather, of Rundle street, slaughtered a -magnificent bullock. The beast was from Mr. Xirkaam^s farm on the Finniss, was Iucern-ted;v&nd;, though of small frame, was an exceedingly fine specimen of the bovine species. The carcass weighed 13 cwt. and 60 lbs., and the. quarters, as exhibited. on Saturday, were particularlv large and very juicy looking. - 'On Saturday the President of the Marine Board was informed by telegram from the Harbor- Master at Kingston that the Oambier tass had put into Lacepede Bay disabled, with the loss of her mainmast, carried aw4y below the crosBferee*. when she was off Kangaroo Island. Having come, to anchor, she was jury rigged ready to proceed to' Port. MacDonnell. We are officially informed that Mr. William listen, Manager of the Kapunda branch of the National' Bank, iB about to resign his position in the service. We understand Mr. listen takes this step in consequence of being largely interested in Northern Territory gold investments, and feels that their growing importance demands more of his attention than* is compatible with his continuance in Banking service. . On Sunday last, a man named Scheffel, residing at the Moonta Mines, where he was employed for a long time as stoker, fell back uddehly upon a sofa in his house, and expired immediately. Mr. Scheffel was about 70 years of age, and having been ailing for some months past with dropsy, his medical attendant deemed, an inquest unnecessary. — YorTc&t; Peniri&ufa; Advertiser.. , ? , We have- received from the Melbourne Photographic Company, bf'wbiteh Mr. G. Free man is manager, two excellent likenesses, of different sizes, of the Governor; the first, we understand, that have been taken in the colony. The 'attitude is easy and natural, the form and features are 'well brought out, and altogether' the photographs are admirable portraits of 'His Excellency Mr. Gqddard, in a letter to the Warden, of the Gold-fields, reports having, on the God dard claim, struck the reef, about 70 yards from the old shaft, and found the stone richer in gold ithan any yet met with on the property. The depth, at which the reef was so met with; is, w-B understand, rather over 40 feet. Some fine, quartz specimens, we are informed, have b,een brought into town from the Try Again fllflJlTIH. - . . ' * On Wednesday evening a horse attached to a ejJricg-car*, -the -property of Mr. A. GlauBen, ;of East-terrace, bolted from' the Hotel Europe, -along Grenfell-atreet into Pirie street, where it came into collision with- a two horse omnibus- belonging to Mr. T. Jones. The cart was capsized, and one of the horses in' the omnibus wag iojured, but no further serious damage resulted. There was an unusual scene of activity at the Adelaide Bailway Station on Wednesday afternoon, on the occasion of the departure of the 2 o'clock train. It happened that two steamers for Melbourne were clearing out that af ttrnoon, and a' large number of passengers left Adelaide by the 2 o'clock^ train^to join the vessels, many' f riendapcoceeding with them to the Port or bidding them farewell on the Station platform. A curious vehicle accident occurred on North-terrace on Tuesday afternoon. As a waggonette and pair plying f -.r hire^were being driven at a gentle trot, . one of ithe ? horses? stuinb!ed and fell, and the other rolled com-; pletelyover it, so that both animals were on one side of the pole. The brutes were «p stupe fied that it was a long while before they could bo induced; to;i|se, but when once on£hfcir lees they did not apjx ar to bavc sustained any in jury. -and ce dainage was done to the trap or fearjuees. . ? The following is a return of the number of telegrams trauemitted through the British aid 'Australia** Company's cab'e fr«m Port Darwin for the week ending Saturday, June 2L : —From the ; oolonie«— Souflf Australia, 11; Vic toria, 43 ; New South Wales, '32 ; Queensland, S ; uTasmMiia, nil; N«w Zealand, 7; total, 96. ? ^o *he -colonies— South Ausfaralia, 5j Victoria, ; BP ; i:New ^outh Wales, 25,; Queensland, 3 ; !Ta«q4ania, nfl; ,Kew fc^aland, 4; totel, 87. :Ora.tid- tota£:l83.i .-. ?;. . ? ' .A., service' in Connection ^with the first Anniversary 'of thertlerman Bethlehem K van- feUcal Lutheran Church, FlinderB- Btreet, Were eld on Sunday . afternoon. The service was condnefced in XngBsh:' There was a large atten dance_, including numerous representatives from, .other Evangelical Churches. The Rev. C. 6. jTe^ehelmann preached, and selected as, the basis of an impressive and able discourse :-the words— 'JFor I know him, that he will command hia. children and his household .if ter him, and'they^ ishall keep the. way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment, that the Lord may bring .upon Abraham that which He hath spoken of him.' — . Genesis, ch. xviii. v. 19. ; . ' The President of the Marine Board hag just relurneifrom across the Gulf, having paid a visit to Androssa.fpr the purpose of fixing a site for a jetty there. He expresses himself much pleased with the place, the anchorage half a mile from shore, being good and capable of accommodating large vessels', whilst the jetty itself is to be ereefcea in an 'excellent position as regards the road inland. The .embaye is sur rounded, by cliffs of red stone, which are about 150 feet high. At .their base, is ' a stretch of sandy beach. On the top of_tbe, cliff is a gradual slope ;up wards to the neighboring hills, and the site of the township is on this rising ground.' The port is about one and a half miles from theJParara Mine, and a roadway to this properly has been commenced, winding through a^guHy.the gap of which is opposite the 'pro- posed jetty site. The great drawback of want of fresh water will, however, be felt here. A very melancholy accident occurred last wsek near Lacepede Bay, by which a son of one of the keepers -of the Oape Jaffa Light house' lest his life. We are indebted to the President -of theMArine Bnatd^for the following copy of a telegram, -dated 2lst June, upon the iubjeot, received by him from the; Harbor Muter at Eingeton:— 'About 9 p. in. Thurs day evening Webbing, second keeper of the Cape Jaffa Lightoonse, arrived from cottages to report to police having accidentally, during the afternoon, while out kangarooing, shot dead Taylor's son. After having reported to &. B. Scott, Esq., P.M., who was here, he returned to the Cape about 10 p.m., accompanied by -David Redman and- John ?? Gay\ who kindly volun teered to go to the Cape and carry the news to the father and mother, who were at the Lighthouse at the time. At daylight they sig nalled the Lighthouse and the Government schooner Flinders, and succeeded in getting Mn and Mr*. 'Taylor; although it was blowing hard and very squally- bat not in time for the ; inquest held yesterday afternoon by the S.M. Verdict, accidentally shot. The funeral takes place ti*-daf at Kingston Cemetery.' Th« father of the deceased Is third keeper of the Lighthouse. . ?? ? .. .Captain Datson, of the Burrawing, in reporting under date. June 21, ^concludes by giving an account of a melancholy accident: which occurred at the mine. He says — ' Wil-. . liam Williams and Johnson Simons were work ing together iat the bottom of the engine «haft on the oiorning of the 11th between 4 and 5 ? o'clock* when,, by accident, a splinter of wood became, detached from the brace of thejhaft, and fell to the bottom. It must have been by a rebound, 'striking poor Williams* causing ' in Btant .death. When he was brought to the ? surface we could not .discover 'any mark or brnise. but in the evening there, was found a; bmiae behind the left ear. In a very short time after the. accident happened I dispatched -a. messenger on horsebark to the nearest Magis- . trate, Mr. Anderson, of White's River, who seat bim.pn to Port Lincoln to Mr.. Brown;- That jentlemau, after reading my letter, decided that , ld was unnecessary to. hold an inquest, and gave 1 certificate for burial. 3. he messenger was 22, tiours'on theToad, and in the meantime we had a coffin, made. On the 12th, -all the- men' on- the mine followed' the remains of their comrade to the new cemetery, situated about three miles from the mine. J have: written a letter *f condo lence to the widow,, also ! a copy of certificate to ? theSccretary of the M.U, {Lodge at Callington, -i of which t deceased wai a member. Two. of . deceased's sons are still working on the mine.?' Among the many amusements on the Qaeen's Accession Day, was the Jiechabite FeitivaJ and entertainment, of Gawler, heid in the Institute of thiat place, on which occasion the services of the Hayelock Crew were ob tained. The repast provided for the inner ?nan . was commenced about half- past 5 o'clock,-and a large number attended. The more intellecfcnal: portion of the entcrtaiaments, which, also were . largely patronised, was advertised for half-past 7, bat was delayed for a shor,t time, -in conse quence of some of the members of the ? Crew being passengers by the train meeting with the mishap .on that evening. The programme w is a long one. Miss Martin, presiding at the piano, opened with anj«v«rturG.. After which. Followed singing, successfully-., .undertaken by lady an(l gentleman amateurs, among whom were - IVfi»s ' Limb, Messre. Illman, Wright- .and timb, several encores, being accorded. The re-., litative, part was- successfully carried out by - iranous membersi.pf the Havelock Crew, -and , consisted, of scenes, dialogues, and recitations;, jf.the latter, those by M. Barman, juu., -and. G, Badger receiving encores. The members of the Crew -mght to feel highly pleased at the aianner in which their assjstan&e; was received , by the Gawlerites. The singing of the Na tional Anthem brought a most Buceessfui meet ing to a close. . .;.. - . i . . :. ; The North Adelaide Tpung; Men'a^ Biblical .^Society held their usual annual tea ) meeting and soiree on Friday evening last in the, Friendly Bocieiies' Hall, North Adelaide, where members and friends to the number of about 60 sat down to. an 'excellent tea, . after which, a meeiin^.was' held, under the .Pxesi-. dency of Mr. J. C. Colbuim (miiiisfcer of the Christian juhurch, Hindmarsh). A report for the past year was read by Mr. Alfred T. Bake.-. well, showing that, the average .attendance was 23 at each meeting of the' Bible Glass— the number on t^e roll being 3^. The Chairman. gav« an able' 'address, in which he referred);^, the value of such institutions,; .and nrged upon the young men prpsent the importance of itri pnovin'g their opportunities , by obtaining .re ligious instruction by regularly ^ attending this Society's meetings. He. spoke, highly of its object, anil also of the principle on which it is ' established, ^being entirely Uosectarian, andopen , free, to young men on eacH Sunday afternoon. , During the evening excellent recitations were rendered by Bevera^jgentlemen and inembers'of the Society. Singing at iatervaJa adiled greatly to the enjoyment of tiie'. meeting. A^ote of thanks to the Pretidejai of the Society (Sir. Samuel Blakewell) ' for his . services during the past year, and to the Chairman, for hia able, presidency during the evening, brought a very successful meeting' to a close shortly before 10 o'clock. . \- On Tuesday evening, June 24, a musical entertainment was given in the Norwood Town Hall, in aid of the funds of the proposed Local Institute. There wits ' a fair attendance, and the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) occupied the chair. ' Instru mental and vocal music, including operatic selections from the works of 1 he best masters, went to make tip a programme of more than ordinary excellence, and as it was carried out by amateurs whose abilities have stood the test of public criticism on many previous occa sions, it' is aluost 'iteedlesB tb' say itf was successfally carried out, and was thoroughly appreciated. One or two comic Boags which were introduced w.re fairly sang, and the over tures by Mr. Harvey'; of Salisbury, in which he performs on 'several insttu/nehts simultane ouH?y, were nmch erjiyed. Daring the evening, the Chairman stated th it the Institute Com mittee saw their way clear to raise about; £400, and he hoped the ladies, who had already mads' so 'Be efforts on behalf of the Institute, would m3.eta,ad form a Baziar Committee, so that there would be combined effort, directed to a definite end. It had beei said that there was -T, ? : r.iiji ?}?'.?* '. ' ! no need for an Institute in that locality, but this was a mistake, as constant applications ; were being made to . the Corporation for ; the ; use of 'that Pall if or class purposes. The Cor ?poration could not, however, grant the use of I the Hall gratuitously, aad thus it was not used.; i bat an- Institute would afford class roomB, and ! ether acsommodation at present felt to be ne cessary. Under the heading of ' Diamond Gut Diamond ' a curious story is told in the ** Edi tor's Note-book' of the Taranaki News. :—' 'After Sir George Grey and General Cameron had quarrelled Sir George Grey often obtained in formation about what Was going on in General Cameron's house iihrough one of his officials,' members iof whose family were of ten on a visit :to Gpaeral.Canieron's niece. Governor Grey ; shrewdly concluded that the channel .of eom mtyiihation ,worked both ways, so he drafted a 'despatch to the OoIofiial^Secretary of State, : making, in strong terms, various charges against .General Cameron, which he gave to the official to copy. When it was done, Sir George said, * You needn't wait ; I will look through it directly and putit in the mail bag.' TJie official Was no. sooner gone than the des patch went behind the fire ; and the home authorities received from General Cameron a long despatch denying charges that Sir George Grey had preferred against him. The Home : Government informed the General that no' such charges had been made against him by the Governor ; and as he was unable to name the source of his information he only damaged himself by defending himself against imaginary charges. We may be. certain that Sir George* Grey so chose them as to H hava' 'the ? full effect on General Cameron' of the French, proverb, that ' who excuses himself accuses himself.'' ' ; The Port certainly has at present a busy appearance as regards iship building as well as other industries. During our last abun dant harvest jthere seems to have been an extraordinary. demand for coasting tonnage in the shape of ketches and cutters, and many .?nt'erprising Portom&ns; have' taken the oppor tunity of becoming proprietors of hew addi tions to the mosquito flaet, but it is to be hoped that this enterprise will riot be overdone, of which there is some fear in consequence of the large number of coasters now owned in Port Adelaide. There are at present several vessels in course of building which ap pear to be a credit to the artisans who are employed in their construction. Mr-. Lowen is building a roomy ketch of short length, but heavy carrying capacity. Adjoining this is a keel laid down on the stocks by the, same builder, and, as report says, the founda tion of a' small steamer intended for the Gulf trade. Further on we notice a cutter, wh ch' was once a boon companion of the pilots in days of yore, but has now been raised upon, doubled With Singapore /sedarj and copper fastened ; and, when: ' finished, will prove a specimen of colonial' 'shipwrights' work which will reflect great credit'' on ' Messrs. McAllum and Beauchamp, who have her in hand, They haye also undertaken a contract for building a ketch of 60 tons register, on improved lines, to the oidef- of Mr. George Foulis, and her keel will be laid down immediately. In addition to the above, they have to build a; yacht for one of our leading colonists, who, nautica'lly speaking, has followed in the wake oil a Well-known and popular^ member of the Yacht Club, who is having a similar vessel of 25 tons register constructed in the yard of Mr. 'Playf air, and we may anticipate fair play and plenty of fun in all future yacht races. Mr. McEendrick has also a ketch towards completion at his yard, and we can congratulate him on- the -manner in ? whioh she is put together.' There are evidences of prosperity on aH sides at the Pott as well as elsewhere, but there is the drawback of scarcity of labor, abd this difficulty, which all employers jiave tb cbntend with, should be overcomfe in some way'. Several ketches have arrived recentlv 'from Hob&tt; Town, but were -»ur labor market cheaper, : there is no doubt that the keels of many more vessels would, have been laid in this colony, where first-class work ?maBship'can, be relied1 on j* instead of their pur chase money being spent elsewhere. .The Thames Advertiser, writing on the proposal for a guerilla system of warfare in New Zealand, Bays : — ' It is fervently to be hoped that war will be avoided j or that, if an armed force has to enter the interior for the purpose of apprehending the murderer of Sul livan, it Will ; only have to deal with'the few men who have yet gathered to his standard. If the worst comes to the worst; and we have to deal with 1,500 or 2,000 men, it will be afar more serious matter than many people imagine. As to the plan^o eagerly spoken of by many in considerate people, of offering rewards for heads, that is quite out of the question. We dare not do it for .our credit's-safce. What would they say in England ? The colony would be sunk to the lowest depths, and' Would not get up again for a generation. We might bid farewell to all hope of progress, and, for any good that the majority' of colonists could do to themselves, they might as well leave the colony at once. The North Island of New Zealand* would not be worth; 'living in for- any inan now in the prime of life. That ' is, . supposing the plan to be successful. But it' would be a hideous' fail are/ , 'We do; rio£ believe rthat even ftiend'y natives Baye any very intense affection for us^; we caii easily ? believe that the sympathy of race^ia' Strong. But there are many natives whom : it would, be down right murder tq Tshoot^ and of 'that crime no one 'who consented to such/ a inpde of warfare, could .Iwld himBeM'guirftess';- for it would be sure to be committed. : Thbadoption of such a system would probably flbuble our actual enemies, and in all likelihood half-a-dozin Europeans Would fall for one Maori. The natives would concentrate in their strongholds in the interior; and make such an 'aukati' that Ho 'band coulfl pass without discovery. In such circumstances any men going into the interior would have to go in bodies 500 or 600 strong, and they would, find it impossible to surprise even a woman or child. And what would4 they do for a commissariat ? We all know '? our1 difficulties in that respect during the late war. The idea of fighting the na tives with guerilla parties is absurd and im practicable, if there Were no other argument against it. 'And we think it may also be fairly argued against such a plan that' it would brutalise ourselves and our children to an ex tent ha'rdly conoeivable. We do not think there kre many men and women- who would care to ba familiar 'them selves, or to fami liarise thieir children, with paying our noble warriors for the heads of men, women, and chi'dren they might bring in.' iIbish Estim&te; of Pi&S.;— We are informed b^ Mr. R. O. Pringle, in the Royal Agricultural Society's. 'Journal,' that 'The Berkshire is the favorite: breed in Ireland. Yorkshire .pigs have: also their advocates, and bo also has a cross f-f the York and Cumberland varieties, which succeeds, very well ; but ' Berkshire blood predominates, and one. is often surprised to find excellent; pigs of that breed .in places and dis tricts where the appearanc a is quite unexpected. Irish farmers find the Berkshire a hardy, easily: kept, and generally a useful breed, and its general diffusion .throughout the country is owing to .the circumstance that most of the resident gentry have a. Berkshire breeding sow in their farmyards, the produce of which are dis posed of. on moderate. terms. to the country people. The. Berkshire* department of the shows of the Royal Agricultural Society of England hava been drawn upon for years to supply the best blood for the use of Irish breeders, and now Irish br«eder« are in a posi tion.to .meat their English friends on English gtoand. This was shown to be the case at the Koyal Show at Wolverhampton. ..when Lord Olermont's very handsome young Berkshire sow, bred in Ireland, was awarded the second prize in an. excellent clas?, and was sold on the ground at £40 to a Canadian breeder. Lord Ciermont has taken a leading pait for many years in breeding Berkshires, sparing no ex pease in procuring the best blood that could be obtained, and having the details of management conducted with great skill and judgment.' 