HIPPOPOTAMI FIGHTING IN THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS. (Frank Buckland in Land and Water.) By the kindness of Mr. Bartletfc, I have had the good fortune to be present on the occasion when the little Hippopotamus, Guy Fawlces — who is now eight months old — was introduced to his agreeable old father, Obesh, a resident in the srardens for twfinf.v.f.Tnv«» years. Obesh was quietly munching his breakfast of grass in the outside den, when at a given signal the portcullis of the mother's den was gradually raised, and the two heads appeared gazing out with a most comical expression. Seeing his wife, the old man left off munching his grass, grinned a ghastly grin, and he loudly trumpeted 'Umph,' 'Umph,' 'Umph.' Little Guy Fawkes then came forward from behind his mother, with the action and stiffness of a pointer when he has discovered a covey of birds : gradually and slowly he went up to his father, and their outstretched noses were just touching, when the old woman sounded the signal for war, and rush. ing 'past : the young one, fairly challenged I Sier lord and 'master ' fo single combat. He instantly. retreated a stop or. two, and his ?wife began to pretend to munch at the grass, '?''keeping her eyes always fixed spitefully upon i Just at this moment the sun shone out, 'and I -was enabled to see most' distinctly the remarkable phenomenon of the '? Dlood sweat' of these gigantic animals when excited. The usual pale chocolate colour of the skin. *-f the husband and wife became densely jinrnM/l iTr-Jfli oVi/i+o tlmf lnni.-orl lilro fliin Vf»rl gum, and when the male turned his head I could see that these spots were globular ; 'they glistened like dew on a cabbage, and ♦ stood high upon the skin like blood-stained 'diamonds: I managed subsequently^ wipe ©if one of these globules, and it stained my ?note-book quite red. After/erasing at each other for about a minute, old Dil— for that is the female's name — made a savage rush at her husband, and simultaneously 'both animals reared right up on their hind legs, like bull dogs fighting. They gaped wide their gigan tic mouths, and bit, and struck, and lunged at each other savagely, while the grass fell out of their great coal-scuttle mouths on to ihe battlefield. The crash of their tusks coming together was truly Homeric, and reminded me of the rattle and smashing clash, only exaggerated, when the Windsor Park red deer charge and fight with their Jhorns. For a second or two these two gigan tic animals closed together and swayed to and fro like Cornish wrestlers. This scene of the Hippopotami fighting was grand in the extreme, and would form a good sub ject for an Oxford prize poem or the pencil of Landseer. When they settled on their four legs again the old woman followed up her advantage b}r giving lier husband a tremendous push, ' well hit,' ?with her head ; and while the cowardly old fellow sneaked backwards into his pond, his wife trumpeted a triumphant signal of victory from the bank. All this time little Guy kept well in rear of his mother, occasionally peep Ing round her sides to see the rare and extra ordinary phenomenon of a husband and wife having a row. Dil then slowly, and in a Shah-like manner, walked down the steps into the water, and hunted the old man about until she drove him up into a corner ; she then mounted sentry over him. The young one then mounted on to his mother's' back, «tnd gazed with filial respect, not unmingled with impudence, at his father. At the least movement on his governor's side he sank down into the water as quiet as an otter, without making the slightest ripple or send ing lip a bubble of air, and shortly reappered ?with his pretty little head, erect cars, and bright eyes, and looking like a gigantic frog. During his subaqueous excursion the little rascal had probably gone up to and touched 3his father, for the old fellow gave a sudden plunge and jump as if he had been touched up from underneath by something alive. Thus the three remained for about half an ihour, grunting and staring at each other. Obesh made one attempt to get out of Jiis corner, and retreat into his den. but his artful old ' missis' was too -quick for him, cut off his retreat, and drove him back. The little one, I ob served, always kept the far side of his mother, in case his father should turn rusty again. In about three-quarters of an hour the row yas all over, and instead of angry trumpet ings the signals gradually assumed a more ?amicable tone, and it was evident that the two Behemoths were getting into good tern-, per. At last the female swam nearer to her husband, and distending her great nostrils to vug uuiiuau, uticrcu ci luuu. ? tu XUSS, not .Hie least like a war cry. When the keeper heard this he said, ' They are all right now. Sir ; they'll not fight any more. See, the old man's beginning to smile, and he has ^uncocked his ears, and left off staring.' The faithful keeper was quite right, for all three Hippos at once became friends, and the domestic row was over. I understand that on the previous day, . ysrhen these three beauties were first put together, little Guy Fawkes immediately went up to his governor, and cheeked him in the most insoleut manner ; lie bristled up, grunted at him, showed his teeth, and actually challenged his father to fight: The mother then charged the old father, scratched his face, and pushed him right bang all of a lump into the water. The little one followed up directly, swam under his father's legs, and actually bit at and pxxlled the paternal tail. On the second occasion the youngster behaved very differently ; it was quite evi dent that somehow or other his mother had cautioned him, and given him orders to keep hx the rear while she fought her old man. On this occasion Obesh was terribly alarmed, although his wife frightened more than hurt him. She so alarmed him that a new discovery was made by Mr. Barllett. After the row the cowardly old Ohesh changed colour. His mulatto-coloured skin got gradually whiter and whiter, and the lower part of his head and sides became of a creamy-white tint, and the poor old fellow looked ' as white as a ghost,' It was some hours before he came to his proper colour again. When his wife gave him abiding on the second day Obesh again turned some what white, making his blood spots standout with unusual clearness. Now that this family scrimmage is over, we trust that for the future they will enjoy domestic felicity. 