THE NEW SECT. We Catholics have, as a matter ot course, predicated the inevitable col lapse, sooner or later, of the Dollinger- Loyson invention. We all know as part of our catechism the doom of schism, sect, and heresy. " Downwards and devilwards," as Curly le would say, and this (however slow and gradual it may be sometimes) more surely than the stone flung into the air will fall to the ground. Therefore, the moment that Dollinger put forth his un historical theory — the moment that Miohelis and Reinkens left the Church and started a creed on their own account — the lri'bment that Loyson, cheered on by Dean Stanley and the Rector of S. George's, Hanover- square (who, however, were ashamed to sign as witnesses to his pretended max- riage), exchanged the cell and the heaven of the Carmelite for the boudoir of widow Merriman and the earth of the earthly, then it " needed no ghost to tell us" that, one and all, they would flourish at the best as cut flowers — that they would perish and perish out, having no root. We did not presume to time them, because Heaven, for the punishment of our sins, often leaves the plague infec tion in the midst of us for a weary while ; but with the whole strength of our faith we were bound to declare that God, being infinitely good, would in His own righteous time " avenge the Church of her enemies" and sweep them out of her path like chaff before the wind. However, it seems that the new hateful sect is not to be permitted by Providence to enjoy a very long career. Miserable and effete as the Dollinger heresy has shown itself from its birth, when compared with preceding systems of error, we still feared that its dark history might drag on through many years of guilt, afflicting the Church, and bringing eternal ruin to countless souls. It begins to appear that we took a far too gloomy view of this misery. If all be true that reaches us from the Continent, we are already nearer to the end than we dared to hope. The Germans are a shrewd people. If they are to be infidels, they prefer Strauss to Michelis ; if Calvinists, they prefer the cooper of Picardy to the now colorless Ilyacinthe of Notre Dame. The infidel journals speak thus desponding'ly of their new friends and allies : — " Immediately after the procla mation of the dogma of Infallibility the creation of the Jansenist Bishops would have excited in the Church an anti- Jesuitical movement, but at the present moment the ' Old Catholics,' either with or without Bishops, are altogether without a J'uture." This is not bad for the New Free Press of Berlin. We can forgive the absurdity about " creating" Bishops, just as though the episcopal consecra tion could come through Government and lay hands ! We pardon this out of consideration for that most Catholic statement in reference to the shortness of the career that is awaiting this most grotesque of all heresies. ".Altogether without a future" — the New Press means, of course, a future in this life. What its " future" will be in the next the reader may find by con sulting S. Paul and the Apocalypse of S. John.- — Universe. 