NEWCASTLE. ESTABLISHMENT OF DOMINI CAN CONVENT. I From u Correspondent.) On Sunday last a community of the Domini can Nuns was introduced into this city. The convent at Maitland has recently reoeived aja accession to its members through the active efforts of his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland, who, during his sojourn in. Ireland, obtained additional Sisters, in order that a branch of this order, which has conferred such signal services in advancing religion and education in Ireland, might be established in Newcastle. The Domi nican Convent has been for some six years, established at West Maitland, where the high attainments of the Sisters, and their eminent abilitv as teachers have attracted to their schools the children of all denominations, not only from the Maitland district, but from remote parts of the colony. Since their arrival their boarding establishment is yearly increasing, and their day school is filled with the children of the most influential persons in that district, but their labors are not confined to imparting a high class education do tne cnuuren oi m\e ricn, me children of the poor are alike the object of their solicitude, and participate in the blessings which the nuns diffuse around. On reference to the reports of the Council of Education it will be found that the Dominican schools, in Maitland, are not only the most efficient in discipline, pro ficiency, and attainments in the northern dis trict, but, that they are second to none in any part of the colony. We learn that one impor tant feature in their schools at Maitland is that the nuns there train young women as teachers, many of whom are at present conducting provi sional schools under tli.e Council of Education, and others conducting diocesan schools under the control of his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland. The people of this city have received a great boon which will be to them and to their chil dren a soxirce of incalculable blessings. The community for the present consists of three nuns and one lay. sister. On Tuesday, next a day school will be opened by them, they will not immediately assume charge of the girls certified Denominational school ; it will, how ever be handed over to them as soon as their arrangements will admit of this step being taken. Arrangements have been made by which the Sisters will occupy the former presfr' tery which henceforth will be known as Mary's Star of the Sea convent. A large ber of people collected at the Railway station to welcome the good nuns, who arrived with Ms Lordship by the morning train from Mart land. His Lordship was also accompanied by the Rev. Archdeacon Russell and the Rev. P. Hand, and was met fat the station by the. Rev. M.H. Ryan, Rev. James Ryan and some of the leading Catholics, amongst whom were F. M'Dermott, Esq., W. Dwyer, Esq., Captain Cogrel, Messrs. Chapman, M'Donnell, O'Con nell. White, and Tully. The nuns and clergy ?Slaving been conducted to carriages were driven to St. Mary's Star of the Sea church. , At the. ? entrance to the church the schoolchildren, bear-, ing bannerets, were drawn up in line underthe supervision of Mr. Stokes and Miss M'Guinn. . The interior of the church was very beautifully and elaborately decorated by Captain Cogrel of ?the French barque, Charles Auguste, now lying in. the harbour. The gallant captain artistically rarranged flags round the walls while flowers : dtich and fresh in nature's loveliness lent their . , «cliar m, and seemed to reflect back the gladness , 'which the auspicious day brought to the hearts ??of .the large congregation assembled to welcome ' -tfeose who came to ''train the intellectual and ; i -spiritual nature of their children ? 'to' the \- measure of the age of the fullness of Christ.' 'The nuns on arriving at the church were con . ducted to seats near the Communion rails. 'At eleven o'clock Missa Cantata was celebra -'ted. His 'Lordship the Bishop presided ; cele .. brant the Rev. James Ryan ;, deacon, Rev. M. ^ jB'pran ;, sub-deacon, Rev. M. H. Ryan ; assistant, ?'? priest at. the throne, the Verj Rev. Archdeacon' Eiissell ? master of ceremonies, the Rev. P. ? '.Hand. ???-:? ? . ? ?.,? . ? ? ? : :? . .' ?-???-. ' '?' . At j the end of the first gospel, the. Roy. P. Maud ascended the pulpit' and having 'read the .(=-Tii«f.lp. arid frnsiip.l nf +,1ip. fln.v fvrfiri,r»lif--l n. vp.rv .able and instructive 'sermon, taking for his text : — r' Man is created for this end, that the Lord his God, he would fear ajid worship, and serving Him save his own soul.' He, pointed out the necessity ? of keeping the : maxim 'Look to the end' con-' sfcantly in mind :; that all things should be -valued by man,, as they are conducive to .his .salvation or .renders its attainment more certain. .He,. dwelt' on the evils of a life of idleness' or ; pleasure 'and ''showed that the life- we were Sound to leadwas a lifeof penance, labour; suffer-; :ing and prayer— it was on these conditions that, \- eternal .life .was .promised. , He pointed out that -there was 'a time' in the world's history,' .when ?fche true' end1 'of man was unknown even' 'in the Mghest ? schools1 ; of philosophy ; ' at length the .light of ; the' world,- - the expected of. , nations., came and with the, .voice of G-od called on mail', ia acknowledge His' subliine destiny— the world -reeogmzed'his'voice^^biifin after times' the pas ?sioHs gradually resumed their lost: power,' until; . in the nineteenth century the true end of man Is unknown to the masses, who live without an :sim beyond, this visible scene, or a hope beyond 'dike grav :.?' The'sole object of; life with the disci-,: ple-s of modern philosophy is the attainment of secular knowledge with a . yiew to advancement' In the present life— the struggle to make it ?the dominant idea of the age. He alhided to' -,the importance of early impressions and :tlie important part, they play at the: present time in. -the conflict between Christianity and. infidelity ?or modern t paganism.' He said children come into ' the world in1 deplorable ignorance r of the great truths of; eternal bliss. With stroiVg pro pensities .and a violent .bent to evil; it is not likely tliey will . .discover for themselves, tliat, .-a life of penance, ?suffering, labour and prayer is ?what tliey are Called upon' to lead, more proba ble far, that corrupt nature, bad examples with ?which they are sure to meet,' will lead to sinful clisor iers and bear them down the rapid stream ?of iniquity, that their bones shall be filled with ?i;he vices of their youth, and that tkey shall sleep witli them in the dust. Now, to save -fchem from this fate, and at the same time to -secure for your children the very highest educa -.tion upon Christian principles and ?: Christian ' ideas, your spiritual father in God, pastor of your :souls and bishop of your Church has brought. you here to-day the daughters of; St. Dominic, en-, '.trusted to them the precious charge. And 'when speaking to you of this happy event, 'I can, without profanation, salute you in -\ the' words of the angels to -the' shepherds at Bethle- I them, ' I bring you good tidings of great joy for to-day is born to you a Saviour' — to- day is es tablished in your midst a community for whose sake God will bless your city, a community / whose learning and Christian accomplishments ! ?will be your ornament and your pride, whose virtues will be to'you and to your daughters a .?living admonition, whose learning and virtues united will be your safeguard and your shield. They coine to you with the fragrant virtues of ? their native land fresh upon them, with her holy traditions in their memories' still green. For Christ's dear sake, and for the sake of you who bear His name, they have left father, mother, brothers, and sisters. Rejoice then rfcheir hearts, and show your gratitude to 'God | for this Benediction by the good use you make ? of it. 1 would desire to say no more, but I must remind yon, dear brethren,: that a blessing : abused often becomes a curse, and what should : be a source of joy a woe, and .woe to you, if _you be false to yourselves and to your children —if when they cry to you 'for the bread of «etemal life— the 'doctrine and principles of Jesus Christ — you give them instead a stone — the -theories of our modern paganism. Your island hems beyond the seas, true to her holy calling ; and her ancient virtues, like .a St. Monica in. '.pursuit of her -wandering child, follows you here to the ends of the earth in the persons of these, holy women to accomplish the mission with which they are entrusted in your regard, and to bring you forth anew to Christ. Show .yourselves worthy children of such love, and such a mother— may it be verified of you what was said of St. Augustine, ' Impossible that the ?child of such prayers should perish. ' Father Hand then read the indulgence granted by Dr. Murray, after which his 'Lord- hip pronounced a solemn benediction. After ' his Lordship said lie had now to express the great pleasure he had in bringing to them to day the good nuns of St. Dominic, and also to say that it afforded him the greatest satisfac tion to witness the interesting ceremony which they had just assisted at, and which he trusted would be the harbinger of many similar ones to take place in their church. He had to thank them for the warm reception they had given to the nuns, and which he would take as an assur ance, that the j^eople of Newcastle will discharge in every respect the duties which now devolve upon them in reference to the children for whose advancement in education and for the welfare of whose souls the Sisters of St. Dominic came amongst them. Our Divine Lord said that to those to! whom much is given from them much shall be required — therefore, they would have to co-operate with the graces which it lias pleased Almighty God to give them and the greater the graces that He gives the greater the burden that devolves upon those who receive them, but this was so well explained to them by the Rev. Father Hand that he would not now dwell on the matter but would in the name of God introduce and give to them the Sisters of St. Dominic. In the name of the Father, aud of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, he brought them this worthy community to take up their abode amongst the people of this city for the purpose of training and educating their children. Tliis community, which is now commenced with a small beginning, will with the blessing of God flourish and grow to a large one from, which great graces will accrue to the Catholics of New castle. Many amongst you may not see the fruits of the labours of these good sisters, but your children and your children's children will see and participate in them. Let us beg during the Benediction fnr p.vhvv blp.ssiiif rm f.hfi c.ctm munity — let us while prostrated before the Most Holy Sacrament beg of God to confer His graces that the good. Sisters may discharge their duties in a way that will be best conducive to you aud your children's welfare, and on the other hand pray most fervently that the Catholic people of Newcastle may .thoroughly understand the duties ..which .devolve upon them and appreciate the instructions and holy example of the Nuns. His Lordship again thanked them for the hearty reception given to them, and expressed his .dehght ..at the beautiful decorations which he saw, around him, and which, were indicative not only of the peojue's cordial welcome, but of ait earnest willingness to concur with the noble Sisters of St. Dominie, in advancing the ends for which . they came, amongst them. Benedic tion of the Blessed Sacrament was then given by his Lordship after which the congregation, dispersed' ?? ' ? '?? :-Th.e efficient choir in connection with St. Mary's Star of. the.Sea Church gave a beautiful rendering of the ' Kyrie' from Mozart's Twelfth Mass and Farmer's ' Gloria,' ' Credo,' ' Sahctus' and 'Agnus Dei.' The efiieieney of this choir reflects much credit on the chorists and speaks well for jtheir musical capa- bilities. It. may be considered invidious to single out airy one for special praise where all so admirably sang their assigned parts, but who could refrain from .bearing testimony to Miss Meleen's vocal abili ties—the compass, power, flexibility, and mel lowness of. her voice must alone ever give her a leading place in musical circles ; she deserves to be heartily congratulated on her sweet ren dering on this occasion of ' Verdure Glad' from Hadyn's Creation which was set to Latin words expressly for her. Mr. M. J. O'Driscoll aets as Conductor, and Mr. F. Maxted as organist, arid to the -efforts' of these gentlemen tlte p reseat efficiency of the choir is attributable. 