CROSS-WEARERS KINDLY INTERRO GATED. Enter a young lady, wearing a rather large black cross, suspended from her neck. She looked kind and intelligent and I thought I should like to ask her what her object was in wearing the cross. A conversation ensued, which I contrived at last to turn to the subject of the cross. I asked her why she wore it. She replied, "As an ornament." "You are aware," I said, "that it is now worn as a symbol of High Church views." " Oh, yes," she replied, "but I only wear it because others do. I do not attach any super stitious importance to it." " Excuse me," i said, " if 1 remind you that- it is the emblem of sin, of God's wrath, of His sentence, and of the Redeemer's agonies and death. It is scarcely, therefore, a fitting orna ment. It is painful, and even revolting, to see it employed to serve the purposes of vanity, frivolity, and worldly fashion. The representa tion of a gallows or a guillotine would form a very ghastly ornament. To me, the cross in that character seems more unbecoming still — not to speak of its startling impiety. It is evidently made to represent that accursed tree on which the Son of God hung to atone for sin and to save from hell ; and Satan exults to see God's emblem of shame convert to man's emblem of pride and ostentation." "I never saw the matter in that light," the young lady replied, with manifest simplicity and sincerity. " I am sure," I rejoined, "you never did ; and many others, like you, act in the same way as you do for the same reason. I hope, however, that now God will give you grace to think more seriously on the subject, and to act accord ingly. You might, however," I added, "have replied differently to my question, 'Why do you wear that cross ?' and said, 'Because it is the symbol of my faith in Christ.' This would, probably, be the reply of a Ritualistic or High Church young lady. Let me tell you how I would have answered you under these circum stances." And may God the Holy Ghost com mend the following few remarks (the substance of those which I offered to the young lady) to the judgment of all who wear crosses as symbols of their Christian faith, and it may be, as amulets or charms in the sense adopted by ignorant Roman Catholics. The cross on which our Saviour hung repre sented the curse of God; and Jesus, while hanging there, was the accursed One, for it is written, "Cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree." — Gal. iii. 13. The cross therefore represented sin, wrath, suffering, and death then. It cannot represent anything else now, and therefore it signifies the triumph of Satan rather than the triumph of Christ. Christ's triumph was accomplished at His resurrection, and the triumph of all His believ ing people in Him. Heaven and nature mourned when the Son of God died ; heaven and nature exulted when He rose. Of Himself He now says, " I am He that liveth and was dead, and behold I am alive for evermore." — Rev. i. 18. And His believing people live in Him. Their subject of interest therefore is life, not death ; a living Saviour, a living faith, living hopes, living joys, living glories. ' ' Death is swallowed up in victory. 'r Why, then, seek the living among the dead ? Jesus ip not on the cross ; He is not in the sepulchre; He is not in a dead world, in dead ordinances, dead emblems, dead substances, dead forms. He ever livetii to make intercession for His saints in heaven, with the living Father, amid the living throng of angelic worshippers, the Author and Sustainer of life to His people : nay, their very life, dwelling in their hearts by faith, and quickening them by the power of the Holy Ghost to new efforts of living work and adoration. Why should I, a living resurrection member of God's family, go back to the cross for comfort or inspiration? It speaks to me only of my shame and ruin. At the best, it represents only the death of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now the apostle Paul tells us thao faith in a dead Christ is no faith at all. It is a risen Christ, a Christ victorious over death, and therefore the champion that dying sinners need, who is the scriptural foundation of the believer's hope ; but of such a champion there is not the faintest representa- in the cross as such. That is the emblem of defeat, not of victory ; of wrath, not of pardon ; of judgment, not of acquittal. I mean, of course, the cross regarded in itself. I know that, followed by resurrection, ascension, and glory at the Father's right hand, it speaks of divine love, mercy, grace, righteousness, and power to save : but of itself, what is it ? Nehushtan ! a bit of brass, wood, anything — worse than that — a curse ! Jews, Turks, infidels believe in the Cross They believe that Jesus of Nazareth hung there. They could most consistently weqr the figure of a cross as an emblem of their faith : the Jews to represent, their triumph over a pretended Messiah ; the Turks to represent the extent to which their faith in Jesus goes, viz., He was a prophet who sealed His teaching with His blood ; and the infidel, whether- heathen. Jewish, or intellectual, to shew his scorn for the foolishness embodied in the cross, and his reason for reject ing Christianity. They could go so far, but not a step farther. To the doctrine of a crucified Jesus they have no objection. But to believe in a risen J esus would entirely alter their position. It would make them Christians, that is, believers in Jesus as man's saviour, for if Jesus rose from the dead, it is avowed by all that He did so as the Saviour whom guilty and dying man required ; and if He proved victorious over death in His own person, He surely can bo in the case of others Salvation from death must include salvation from sin, God's sentence and Satan's power. " Prove to me, therefore," exclaims the infidel, "that Jesus, -the son of Mary, returned to life after He had been cruci fied and laid in the tomb, and I will believe in Him." He believes in the cross, but that does not proye to .him the truth of Christianity ; you must lead him a step farther than that. The Crucifixion of Jesus is ascribed by St. Peter to human malice, but His resurrection to the power of God. "Whom ye crucified," ho said, addressing the Jews, "whom God raised from the dead." — Acts iv. 10. By making the cross, therefore, on emblem of my religion, I represent Satan's work and man's work, but I do not represent that which is peculiarly God's work — victory over the cross and the tomb. When Paul Baid, "God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ," — Gal. vi. 14 — he was referring to the pretensions of the Jews, who trusted in their legal and ceremonial righteousness for accept ance with God. The Apostle declared that he gloried in the shame and contempt which trust in a crucified Messiah incurred) because the' ignominious death which that Messiah died, was the price paid for his redemption; but he was . not content with the shame. He was not the man to rest beside the cross, or linger at the sepulchre. He had seen Jesus as a risen, exalted, and ever-living Saviour, and it was in that character that he had intercourse with him When he spoke those words, he saw Him by faith, not on the cross, but on His Father's throne. It is he who said and boasted, " though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we Him no more." — 2 Cor. v. 16\. He might have contemplated Him with his physical eyes as He hung on the cross, and he migHfc have railed on Him there as his Jewish brethren did, proving that seeing Christ after the flesh might, under certain circumstances, be of little use ; but now he saw Him by faith, not . by sight ; he saw Him as He was, not as He had been. He adored the Redeemer who had been slain, not because of that fact simply, but because He died and rose again. He died to share His people's death ; He rose that they might share His life. They express their feel ings when they say, " I know that my Redeemer livetii ;" and it is not a dead bit of wood, brass, ivory, or any other substance, which will . suggest that glorious fact. The Jews and Romans saw Jesus actually on the cross, without any spiritual benefit, because it was only with then' natural senses. With what eyes does the Ritualistic young lady view two bits of wood or metal put crosswise? With the same kind of eyes that looked at Him as He hung on the cross, and which flashed hatred, contempt, unbelief. With very different eyes must they see "heaven opened and Jesus standing at the right hand of God." Then only, like Stephen, will they be prepared to die, saying, "Lord Jesus, receive my spirit."— Acts vii. 56-59. My time was up. I extended my hand to my young friend, saying, "Will you take off that cross ?" She looked full in my face, and, with a look that spoke conviction and gratitude, replied emphatically, " I will !" Reader, if you have made the same mistake, may God enable you to " go and do likewise. " The thing which you suspend from your neck or girdle, in the spirit of a mistaken devotion, is little less than an insult to that Saviour whom you profess to love. It represents sin, from which Jesus has saved His people ; God's curse, which He has cancelled ; . condemnation, of which there i3 now none to the redeemed; and death which Christ has abolished. It represents His work therefore as still unaccomplished. A crown would be a far more suitable emblem for the Christian. It is the emblem of victory. Jesus wears it, and all His people are entitled to it. They bear His cross now in their sufferings for Him ; they do so because they are still in a world of sin and death ; the cross therefore may represent them, but not Him. Believers in Him rejoice to tell the world that though " by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God " it was permitted to crucify Him, His Father and their Father has highly exalted Him, and that He is no longer the crucified One, but the King of Glory. They are crucified with Him, and they now by faith take up His cross and follow Him ; but His crown is their eternal portion. Mr. Reed has raised some fears about the Ironclad Navy,— telling us that Mr. Goschen's listless policy is allowing the sovereignty of the seas to slip out of our hands, in order to save a few shillings upon the Estimates of the year. He has given a description of the "Peter the Great" — a ship perfectly capable of steaming into English ports ; moreover, he says "we shall never again send ships into Russian waters, nor will any neighbouring power succeed by ships in keeping Russia out." This is very comforting, especially when we read in a Sheffield paper that "The demands of Russia appear almost in satiable, not only for files and edge-tools, but also for saws, and the standard articles of Sheffield manufacture." We hope the Russians don't intend doing to us as the Philistines, ages ago, did to the Jews, make us pass under axes and harrows ? But to use the last, newly coined London slang, " it's very curious." The Pope at the Vatican.- His Holiness preached a sermon on a recent Sunday full of maledictions on the Liberal party. He warned the people of God's wrath, which was shown in Vesuvius' eruptions. But some had entered the church who were not zealous partisans of Pius IX., and when he tried to show that God 'had struck down some well-known Liberals on account of their strife with him, one of the congregation exclaimed, "Then why did God stiike the other day with sudden death one of your own Cardinals?" a query which created much disturbance among the audience. The Home News says, "Italy has been afflicted by Nature— that is to say, floods in the north have prevailed to -the most alarming extent, and the sacrifice of property has been direful. His Holiness has not announced that these disasters are a judgment upon the "King of Piedmont," but no doubt we shall soon hear something to that effect. Meantime the Pope has been making four new saints, of not one of whom, when in his unsanctified condition, we have ever heard, but then "the world knows nothing of its ' holiest ' men. " One thing, how ever His Holiness is reported to have done. Dr. Cullen, the Irish firebrand, has been to Rome for comfort and consolation, and has asked the Pope to say something friendly to the Irish priests ; to which S. S. is alleged to have replied that he should do no such thing ; that the Irish priests are always ready to appeal to him in time of trouble, but that they also are always ready to disregard his counsel, and to make dis turbances. Allowing for the Protestant and sceptical mind of the translator, it would still seem that Dr. Cullen had received what is ordinarily called a snubbing, but we shall speedily hear his own case, as he is returning to the Isle of Saints." According to a Lombard telegram, it has . been discovered that fifty- eight Jesuits expelled from Germany have taken refuge in the Bohe mian monastery of Mariaschein. Beecher on Pulpit Holloaing.— In one of his lectures on preaching, at Yale, Mr. Beecher spoke strongly of the power of enthu- eiasm in preaching. At the cloBe of the lecture, amon" other questions asked him, were these : " Suppose a man does not have the enthusiasm of which you have spoken, what is he to do . Mr. Beecher answered: "Do the hest he can, and stop. I think it would be a very wholesome thing in a man's parish life, if, once m a while, upon finding that he was not making much of a sermon, he should frankly confess, and say, 'Brethren, let us sing.'" Whereupon another inquirer asked : " Suppose a man tries to work himself up to a feeling of enthusiasm by <i_Gtion and increased emphasis, can he be successful . Mr. Beecher answered : "In regard to that, I will mention a circumstance that occurred to my father. I recollect his coming home in Boston one Sunday, when I was quite a small boy, say ing how glad he was to get home, away from the church ; and he added, ' It seems to me I never made a worse sermon than I did this morning.' 'Why, father,' said I, 'I never heard you preach so loud in all my lifa.' ' That is the way,' said he, 'I always holloa when I havn't anything to say !' " The worst thing about this loud preaching is, that it has a per verse tendency to be long. Instead of manfully arresting himself till a better time, tlie poor screamer screams on, hoping to drive his hearers as well as himself into a better mood, but only making bad enough worse. Wesley admonished his itinerants against this fault. We all know his famous letter to John King : " Scream no more at the peril of your soul !" He prescribed good rules (and tliey are still in the Discipline) against such defects. Methodism requires a vow from its preachers that they will "not preach too long or too loud." But the problem, What is too long or too loud ? is, happily, left to every man's own determination, or there would he immense havoc made of the venerable Discipline. The Perplexities of Evidence.— Some years back the Rev. F. D. Maurice wrote to the Times to state that a gentleman went to the British Museum with an order to have a case opened, containing some valuable medals, for his inspection. He examined a particular medal, which was supposed to be unique, restored it to the tray, and after talking some time with the custodian was about to leave, when the latter discovered that the medal was missing. It was searched for everywhere, and could not be found, when it was suggested that the pockets of the visitor should be examined. To this he demurred, and a policeman was sent for. How ever, before he arrived, the medal was found to have slipped between the tray and the bottom of the ease. When asked why he refused to be searched, the supposed culprit produced a medal from his pocket, the exact counterpart of that which was in the case, and remarked that his object had been to verify the authenticity of his own, which being discovered in his pocket, would at once have convicted him of the theft. — Globe. Father Hyaointiie. — A Parisian journalist of the name of Barbey d'Aurevilly is said to have sent to Father Hyacintlie a copy of one of his best works, La Pi t, re marie. In this book a child, the, fruit of the priest's marriage, has a blood stain on his forehead which takes the form of a cross, gradually increases, and which no thing can efface. Father Hyacinthe intends to publish the strange fact of the son of a French journalist being born with a small bird on his forehead, which afterwards assumed the shape of a canard, and finally the dimensions of that bird from which M. Barbey d'Aurevilly derives his means of existence (goose quill). The Priests on Strike. — The Patrie of Geneva says: — "A lady of Bourg(Ain), Mr'me. T , lately bequeathed to the parish church a sum of 3UU0fr., on condition that forty masses should be said' every year, twenty for the repose of her own soul, and twenty for that of her hus band's. The ecclesiastics, considering that the prices of mashes has risen, like all other com modities, that it will still augment, and that, consequently, the work imposed by the legacy will one day be greater than the advantages derived from it, have refused to accept the money." The Jesuits. — The Clmrch Times says, "It is commonly reported in political circles at Vienna that the three Emperors have agreed to unite in a joint note to the Pope demanding the sup pression of the Jesuits, and promising if he will agree to their demand to take the other religious orders under their protection, and to come to some understanding witlrthe Italian Government regarding their property." The Pope and Rome. — Taking leave lately of. Mgr. Bonneokose, Pius IX. said: — "When I think upon the matter there is ever present to my mind that touching scene in the life of St. Peter. When the prince of the Apostles, flying from persecution, quitted the city of Rome, he met, near the St. Sebastian gate, Our Lord Him self, carrying his Cross with an air full of sadness. 'Wliifcher goest thou, Lord?' asked St. Peter. 'I. go to Rome,' replied Jesus Christ, 'to be crucified anew.' Peter understood, and remained in Rome in the midst of persecution. I do the same ; for if at this moment I were' to quit the Eternal City it seems to me that Our Lord would address to me tlie same reproach." ' A French Miracle-monger. — A miracle- monger in the annexed province, of Alsace has come to grief, and nearly lost his life in a singular manner. The Jesuits, furious at their expulsion from Germany, resort to all sorts of devices to persuade the ignorant that thoir enemies are threatened with the wrath of Heaven. For some days past, shortly after sunset, a phantom bearing a white flag appeared in the village of Chantenois, near Strasburg. The rumour ran that the ghostly visitor was the virgin Mary, who had come to rouse the people to fight for the Jesuits. So great was the excitement that a detachment of dragoons was despatched from Strasburg to occupy Chantenois. The Virgin nevertheless appeared at the usual time, but a matter-of-fact German sentry challenged the apparition, and receiving no answer, after three ' ' somnations, " fired upon it. He brought down his game, and instead of a ghost it proved to be a very fat cure.' The ecclesiastie, roaring lustily from a painful wound, was put into a cart, and carried off to Strasburg Hospital. Three other priests, suspected to be his accomplices, were subsequently arrested Prince Bismark has ordered the German Chargd d' Affaires to quit Rome immediately. 