FROM HANSON TO CLARE. [From a Correspondent.] The train gives its warning whistle and starts on its way to the Burra. The coachdriver, with half a dozen newspapers in his hand (for several of the Clare tradesmen get their daily papers via Hanson), mounts his box, and we Btart We cross the railway line, whirl past Hudson's general store, past the citing-house and fruitsbop, past the Bank, the saddler's, tbe bootmaker's, and pull up at the hotel for the passengers to take their parting nip. I being a Yankee Billite, ait still and lo ■«: around me. The first thing that takes my attention is the quantity of wool on the station. It covers the whole of the platform, and the shed is full. I suppose there are from 70 Jto 9JO biles alto gether in the yard. A dumping machine is standing idle at the end ef tbe platform, the Company being nnable to get men to work it. Then my eye catches the new platform, which is now nearly finished. May the crops prove that it has not been pot up in vain. Further down I notice a lot of erect poles. This is the skeleton of Mr. Cave's wheat shed that will be. That and the new Catholic schoolroom, which ub eing built close by, will be a considerable ornament to Weather aton. There are two houses in that great suburban Village. On towards Mintiro I no ticed several broad green patches, and I begun to dream of " Araby's green sunny highlands," when the passengers come out and bustle into their places again. On we dash down the dusty road. We pass several allotments with wheat growing tn them, loosing for the most part very well, and beyond them we pass a splendid crop just coming out in ear; then another looking only middling. It has appa rently been sown very late. Then we leave tbe green fiields, and cross Gum Creek Bun. Nothing here to please poet or painter's eye. Nothing bat good feed and green brown tus socks. On the top of the range vegetate three or four miserable honeysueklea. A few white stumps of gum trees ani eheaoata stand out like grim ghosts of the past, to ahow what there once has been. When we go ever the range a more picturesque scene lies before us. Covering the plains are fields of wheat, bounded on tbe north by a piece of fallowing, and oc the south by a dump of trees. Most of this ia Hill Biver Farm. In about the centre of the farm they have begun to build a large wheat store. Our vision is bounded by the aheaoak-crowaed hills, the trees on them forming a rude O or G, with a deal of shading at the southward. There, in a cosy hollow, is the head station, with Us garden, looking cool and pleasant In another hollow, a UfJe to the south ward, ere the stables, and other build ings. We now cross the river, along whose banks are planted groups of willows and other trees. Along the read too are planted young gums, which when they grow up, will add greater beauty to the place. We now peas close by some of the Hill Biver wheat The hot winds do aot seem to have touched it, for it is looking fresh and green, and to all appear ances will yield as much as tile Biver eropi did last year. However, eke ta.ro. lira. On either aide, going up the range, are young trees planted, showing thai no pains have been spared fay the manager to beautify the run. We go over the range, pass one or two more paddocks of wheat pass on the outskirts of Spring Farm, sad plunge into the eylvan scenery, where we eaonot ace more than 10 yards on cither aide of us. When we emerge we find we have reached our destination—Clare. 