GENERAL HEWS. The StateeU Jfeurs states that a serious accident occurred lately to the night coach travelling between Stawell and Ballarat. When between Beaufort and Trewalla, the inside passengers were alarmed by the ve hicle coming suddenly to a stand, with a shock, plainly indicating that the wheels -were against some solid timber. The hones behaved well, and were speedily quietened by some of the passengers ; bat the driver could nowhere be seen. The up-coacb. passed shortly afterwards, and its occupants were informed of the disaster. On a search being made, the driver (Clark) was found lying on. the foad, -inseneible, having evidently been thrown from his seat and stunned. The great wonder is that some dreadful disaster did not occur. After the driver losing hia Best, the horses had travelled safely over two miles of the worst piece of road on the whole line between here and Ballarat, and had the coach not come against the obstruction re ferred to, it is probable the loss would have been first noticed by the driver of the coach coining in the opposite direction. The driver was much injured by his fall, and has not yet recovered. The accident, we are told, oo curred on the same disgraceful piece of road where the night coach was recently capsized. 'One for bis nob.' Lawyers, says the Maryborough Advertiser, sometimes have the tables cleverly turned on them by witnesses, as the following incident, which occurred a short time since in a neighbouring county court, will show. The legal luminary in question was in attendance at the court, which was not situated in the locality of his own establishment, and was artfully endea vouring to (lick, a flaw in a deed which hap pened not to have been drawn in the neigh bourhood in which the court was then sitting. ' Why,' said the lawyer to the witness, ' did yon not go to Talbot to have it done ?' Witness (stnbbornly) : ' I did go there.' Lawyer : ' Who did you go to ?' Witness : ' A. storekeeper, a friend of mine.' Lawyer: ' What ! go to a storekeeper to have a deed drawn!' Witness: 'Ko.' Lawyer: 'Pray then, sir, have the goodness to tell the Court what you really went there for — out with it . now.' Witness: 'To obtain advice as to which of the two lawyers in your town I had better consult.' Lawyer : ' Well, and what did he say ?' Witness : ' Why, he said one (a rival of the examining lawyer) was a d ? d fooL' Lawyer : (brightening up and rubbibg his liauda At the supposed slur ca£t on his brother limb, and expecting a compli ment) 'What did he say of the other?' Witdess : ' He said he was a b ? y rogue.' The lawyer at once appealed to his Honur for protection, when he was condoled with the following reply: 'Well, really, Mr. ? , tbe witness is on his oath, and I must believe hun,' The following incident of life among the aboriginals has been furnished by a corre spondent of the Pleasant Creek Chronicle : — ' A. family of aboriginals live in a slab hut belonging to Mr. Samuel Carter, of Glenisla station, who keeps them employed in various ways about the place. The old man gathers charcoal for the forge, and his son Bobby drives a bullock-team, assisted by one Billy and another called Peter. Bobby is married to a good-looking half -caste of about twenty two years, who is the mother of a nice boy, and the husband is quite in love with his wife and child. He intends obtaining the services of a white girl from Cavendish as a nurse, and to assist his wife in housekeeping. A few days ago a letter arrived, commanding the whole family to walk a distance of se- venty miles to attend a corroboree. Industry and the bullock-team were thrown aside, and great preparations made for the journey. The pretty half-caste was dressed in Mrs. Carter's cast-off clothes, scarlet ribbons decorated her bonny black hair, and a few trinkets finished a very becoming attire. They had a cheque to draw from Mr. Carter, and therefore, walk- ing was out of the question. Peter rode to Balsh, the publican at Cavendish, to order a buggy, while the rest of the party walked on. The trap was obtained, and the distinguished visitors driven to the hotel en route. But it unfortunately happened that next morning the weather wasn't propitious for travelling, so Mr. Balsh gave his customers the loan of a large tent, which they pitched outside the town. Here the worthy party forgot the gathering of the clans, and had a corroboree on their own account. They lived like princes till the cheque was spent, wound up with a free fight, and returned to Glenisla, recruiting wearied nature with emu eggs.' The ship Carlisle Castle recently brought ont from London a number of pure Lincoln sheep, selected from some of the best flocks in EogUnd. There were eight rams and forty ewes shipped, all the latter having been shorn shortly before leaving. The wool from them, in the grease, averaged over 121b for each sheep, although it was only a portion of the season's growth. Tk-o ewea died shortly after sailing from London, and the vessel arrived in Melbourne on the 24th June. On tbe 26th of June the four rams and thirty eight ewes were placed in quarantine. It was intended to dip the whole at once, but seven of the ewes were then pronounced too weak to undergo the process, and three of them died on the 7th July. An opinion was ob tained from Mr. Graham Mitchell, V.S., who stated that they had suffered from disease in the lower lung, brought on by change of feed and neglect on the voyage. Another ewe subsequently died, and on the expiration of the twelve days' quarantine, tbe weather was too inclement to snip sheep to WarrnambooL On Monday, says the Warrnambool Standard, three ewea were left behind, and the eight rams, with thirty-one ewes, were placed on board the Western, and werelauded in Warr nambool on Tuesday morning. One ram died yesterday (Thursday) morning, owing to his weak condition, but all the other sheep seem healthy, although -comparatively poor. They were imported by Bateman, Smith and Co., to tbe order of Mr. John Maclean, of Wood view, near Koroit, and Mr. .Robert Davey, of Fearnlej', near Framlingham, one-half for each. ? In -contrast to the eondition of these Sheep, and their treatment on board the ves sel from London, we may mention that the same firm have imported by the Wiltshire, from London, seventy pure Homney Marah sheep, all of which -were landed in excellent condition. There is at Wood's. Point, according to the Woods Point Miner, a claimant, with a good title, to the estates of John Whitelaw, 'the martyr*' whs was executed in Scotland in 16S3 for his religious and political opinions. The claimant, Mr. James Whitelaw, is a descendant of ''the inartyr,' and, according' to the Miner, has for -some years been in cor respondence about the matter . with his Scotch relatives, but the vicissitudes of colo nial life have nad their influence on him as well as on many others. As is well knows in this district, not many years ago James Whitelaw, from his interest in quartz mines, stood fair to be independent of the estates of 'the martyr,' and he at one time had such prospects, as would have CDabled him to go home and -prosecute his claim, but quartz reefing, like 'the course of true love,' never did run smooth, and Mi. Whitelaw is not at present as rich as he ought to be. That he is the direct heir there is scarcely the shadow of a doubt. The gronnds 4ipon which claims are now being made to the estates io Question are explained jby_ the Dundee Advertiser, which asks ' liow it is, that while restitution of these forfeitures to the descendants of the persooB executed at the time has been made in many other -cases, and that while a law was passed in tbe year 1694 restoring all such forfeitures, the estates of the martyr White law have never been given back. The esti mated value at the present time, with in terest ' accrued during the 200 years, ib upwards of a million sterling. The account states that the descendants, both lineal and collateral, are numerous, and amongst those named is 'Mr. James Wbitelsw, at present in Australia.' ' ? ? ' There is no TniatjTrn about it, writes the Maiiaro Mercury, some of the carriers are up to a. wrinkle or two in the way oE broach ing a hogshead of the pure spirits, as the fol lowing artistic and undeservedly successful ** try on ' will ehow. A most veracious boniface of -Mariaro lias given as an outline of the evil-spirited transaction. A carrier de livered his load at grog id or near the ' city of the plains ;' the weigh-bill was examined kb& the loading carefully weighed and found ail correct. The liquor was as strong and good as it ever was in bond, and both the retailer and the imbiber failed to find the slightest objection — till the cask got low down, when the spirits became mysteriously diluted with water ; the publican's attention having been called to the circumstance by a facetious customer's remark that 'it was very low water with that 'ere keg.' Boniface could not K-lve the watery problem — nor could he rest content till be had knocked tbe top off the cask, whose interior presented, to bis astonished gara a few bullock bladders,: one of. which waa ye* tall of crater. In au unguarded ; moment; another carrier, wiile underlie iBflnence, heard «f the history of * the hogshead, and he described the modut opertaidi, vehemently protesting meanwhile that he 'was not one of that sort' — of course his auditors had implicit faith in hiB inno cence. It appears the carrier used to take out the bung of the cask, draw off a bladder ful of spirits, then pat a bladder in the bung hole, where his confederate would hold the bladder by the neck till it was filled with water and securely tied. The operation was repeated at the desire of the plunderers. Of conrse, the -bladder would float and hold its supply of water till it rotted, when the con tents are incorporated with the spirits. The cask loses none of its weight, and the fraud is not revealed before the cask is nearly empty. The Sampden Guardian reports that rab bits appear to bo folly as numerous aa ever in the Stony Hisea, notwithstanding toe Urge quantities that are weekly captured for the meat preserving factory st Colac For a time, considerable consignments of these wild rabbits were made to the preserving establish ments at Warrnambool and Geelong, but the factory at Colac now finds room for all that can be obtained in the Bises. The average quantity trapped and furnished to the com pany is from 10,000 to i£,O0O per week, and a large number of men and boys find employ ment at remunerative wages in huntang t&em.; The part of the country that affords most game is the stony barriers in the neighbour hood of the Corangamite, whilst numbers are obtained on Mr. Manifold's land, and in the neighbourhood of Mount Porndon. Besides rabbits, the Colac company has preserved and shipped to the tome markets large quan tities of kangaroos, and last year no less than 1200 of these animils were obtained in the Bises for the purpose of being turned into savory meats. In the neighbourhood of Co Iantet neither rabbits nor kangaroos are so plentiful as once was the case, which is attri butable mainly to the fact that the latter have been constantly hunted by dogs, whilst the former have been driven out of that locality by ferrets. Of these latter animals some fifty or sixty were let loose by Messrs. W. C. and T. Allen, a few yean ago, and the rabbits very speedily were thinned out Twelve months ago some of the ferrets were caught, and upon examination were found to be thriving and doing well, bnt since that time, strange to say, Mr. Allen has entirely lost sight of them, and it is difficult to know whether they remain about the place or not. The rabbit business during the winter months answers very well, but in summer time the dead bunnies will not keep sufficiently long to enable them to reach tbe factory at Colac in proper condition for the preserving pans. There is some talk, we learn, should the business continue profitable, of erecting asmall establishment in the Bises, and preserve them on the spot. According to the Wagga Express, the emu is beginning to assert a right to his ' native heath ' with an amount of force that proves how mnch he has been benefitted by civilisa tion. An instance of the energetic resistance which the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon ite domain recently occurred on BoUenboug Plains. Mr. Bobbins, the local Nitnrod, of whose prowess in the field let tbe spirits of departed ducks and snipe bear witness, was driving across the plains in question on Friday last, when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. him when he first observed them, bat instead of their manifesting any alarm at bis ap proach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him, a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu — a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by tbe occasional spear of the blackfellow. Mr. Bobbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their ap proach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most un dignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Bobbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the «nemy, and, when within reach of it^ was apprised of the fact by a well-directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards' distance, whither tbe force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained bis dog, known by the expressive appellation of 'the Fool,' from the back of the trap. 'The Fool ' considered himself equal to the occa sion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar re sistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Robbies at this juncture ap peared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforcement, dosed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain, that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr. Bobbins secured to his trap and skinned that night by his camp fire, but tbe others, owiog to their weight, were allowed to remain as memorials of the en counter. 