REGULATION OF MINES. We have already published and briefly noticed the bill introduced last week by Mr. Mack ay and Jlr. Iverferd, fur the Regulation of Mines. Everyone in tii<? country is aware that such a measure has not, only been asked for, but long and loudly demanded by the people of the goldiields, and we think that which has been brought forward will generally be pronounced to be of an excel lent and efficient character. As a matter of course, we may expect to find sorno suguestions for alterations in detail made by practical men : but the principles are un questionably -\Vhat they should be, and will tend to the reduction in number of those mining accidents which occur through negli gence on the part of the management of mining companies. The first great feature of the bill is con tained in the 3rd clause, which says '' that any accidents occurring in a mine shall be prima fiieic evidence that such accident occurred through some negligence on the part of the owner, or some defect ill the management or machinery of the mine." The inference, however, may, of course) be incorrect, and, iii such circum stancesj will always be open to be refuted, but the onus of proof will be with owners and their managers, who will find it impossible to shirk responsibility. It is the total immunity from penalty or cen sure of any kind, on the part of compauies, that has given rise to such great discontent among the miners, who have complained, time out of mind, that they are frequently exposed to great risks without any power of self-protection or appeal before, and are utterly helpless to obtain compensation after, the occurrence of fearfully disabling or fatal accidents. It lilay not be the case in every mine, but it undoubtedly is in very many, that com plaints, as to the condition of the works and the appliances, made l>y the working miner, would insure him the loss of his situation. Miners in a claim, in fact, must be like little children, and hear, see, and say nothing that may not be agreeable to their superiors. It is not fitting that they should be subjected to such treatment, for surely every intelligent being should be allowed to have a voice in the arrangement of matters on which the safety of his life and limbs may depend. Why in the world should any man's mouth be closed when his own senses, and liis own practical knowledge of mining things, tell him unmistakably that he is continually working in danger ? It will hardly be believed perhaps that such a system exists in these civilised days, and in this civilised country. We should not wonder either at finding some virtuous mining man agers protesting that they never heard of such improper doings. However, we make the statement before the whole body of working miners in the colony, and will leave it- to them to decide, whether in numerous companies, it is not a per fectly understood thing that the work men shall make no remarks, which may have the effect of causing alterations to be made at some expense. Being perfectly satisfied ourselves that such is the case, we Are very glad to find the new bill proposing to make the occurrence of any accident in a minepiima facie evidence that it was caused through negiigence on the part of the owner, or through some defect in the management or machinery of the mine. The measure, however, requires a more lengthened notice than we can at present devote to it. A Meetikg of painters and paperhaugera is announced to be held iii the back room of the Temperance Hall, to-morrow evening, to consider " the advisability of an increase of wages." Thk English Mia.—The mail steamer was signalled •.•ft* C.ipj Otflrar this morning. Tiis OiiusoK RssKKYOlri.—W'S learn that Mr. Brady, CE., has been instructed to meat Mr. Gordon at the Kangaroo Flat st.uion by the arrival of the morning's train from Melbourne to-morrow (Tuesday). Arrangements have been nude for a visit to the 0"n<->-- ito;-'.r\\-o;r, Mr. :i >" ' 'I hav- ei i■. a:' >!:>.• i :.;s; e. ;;i u ;i:i i ' I ;ii • ; -si . j;i.« ■ ■;• su Minted by tue • > m.-e r.s -f .-i« >e;i i'i Fsoll T!iS U'lTXCsS-SllX TO Tllr. L>o:k. — Oil Saturday a farmer, ii;t>iied Schilling, re siding at Strathtieldsaye, was charged with having meat, to wit the two hind-quarters of a cow, in his possession for which he could not account. A witness in the case, in the employ of Schilling, named Christian Kallar, gave evidence that defendant knew nothing about the cow; that it was lie who found the cow dead: that he skinned and buried it in bags, near Schilling's place. After the wit ness left the court he was arrested on a charge of stealing the cow. Bkspigo Uiflf. Corps.—The rules lately passed by the liendigo Rifle Corps have been approved of by the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, and appear in last Friday's Government Gazette, The rules give power to the corps to appoint committees and a secretary, treasurer, and auditors; and to hold annual meetings of the members. The first meeting of the corps under the new rules will take place 011 Monday, 2~th instant, for the purpose of electing committees, itc.; and it is to be hoped that the members and officers will now be able to work amicably together for the general interests of the corps. Thk Postofkicb Savings' Baxks.—The hon. the Treasurer announces through the Government Ga:ette that under certain amended regulations, which have been sanc tioned by the Govenior-iu-Council, interest at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum will be allowed on all sums deposited in the Posi oifice Savings' Banks after the 1st of Novem ber proximo. Deposits in the name of any single depositor are not to exceed L100 within a period of fourteen days without special permission. Where the amount to the credit of any single depositor exceeds L250 capital interest will cease. This, of course, is a bid in opposition to the Com missioners' Banks; but if tha payment of even 3 per cent, interest has been an annual loss to the Government, as Mr. Langton positively asserts it has, how does he propose to pay 4 per cent, without trenching upon the general revenue, to enable him to con tinue his little game of speculation ! INTERCOLONIAL Rifle Match.—The mem- bers of the various volunteer corps have, during the past two mouths, been engaged in a series of preliminary practice matches for the honor of being chosen to represent the colony in the forthcoming Intercolonial Ritle Match. The Victorian Rifle Aisocia- tion, having carefully compared the shooting of the various competitors, have selected the best 28 from the Metropolitan Corps and 20 from the country corps to take part in the final practices previous to the selection of the colonial representative team. The chosen 20 country competitors are composed as follows :—Lieut. Colouel Rede, staff; 2 from the 1st Ballarat Rangers; 2 from 3rd Ballarat Rangers; 3 from the 1st Castle maine; 2 from 2nd Castlemaine; 1 from Geelong Artillery; and 9 from Bendigo Rifles, the following being the names of the latter : Sergeants Field and Fly: Corporals Fly and Dyason; Privates Davidson, Farrendon, Hope, Mann, and Hadden. To thoroughly test the shooting capabilities of the competitors, it has been arranged that practices; confined to the men who have been selected, shall take place at the Sandridge Butts (where the Intercolonial Match will be fired), on each Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday during this and the following week. On Saturday the first test practice of the selected com- petitors took place at the Sandridge Butts, five of the Bendigo representatives being present, the highest scorer of whom was Private Hope, with 31 points out of fourteen shots; Corporal Dyason being second, with 28 points. The highest scorer of the prac- tice was Sergeant Christopherson with 42 points. The Presentation of a testimonial by the ratepayers of Strathfieldsaye to Cr. Sawers is to take place on Friday, the 2-ith instant, „t Valli's Hotel, Kangaroo Gully. " Australian Israelite."—Tho last num ber of this publication is to hand. Among the usual amount of interesting reading mutter it contains a tolerably full outline of a sermou by the Rev. A. F. Ornstein, delivered at the Synagogue, Bourke-street, in refutation of the Rev. Charles Clark's '•unhappy Hospital Sunday sermon." The text is from the book of Deuteronomy, x. 10 —"Love ye therefore the stranger," and the sermon is designed to show that the whole plan of the Mosaic dispensation is to join the human family into one great brother hood, so that all may acknowledge the Great Creator as tho Universal Father, and recognise all men as brethren. That the Jews see in the Unity they worship no tutelar deity, who cares but for their race alone, but the God of all. St. James's Hall.—The drama of "The Colleen Bawn," was produced at St. James's Hall on Saturday evening) and was received most enthusiastically by a large audience. The character of Eily O'Connor was repre sented by Miss Rosa Cooper -with great ability. Miss Polly Leake gave a very lively and amusing rendering of the character of .4ini Chute. Miss Kate Arden as Mrs. Cregan, and Miss Rose Vernon as Shtdak, sustained their parts with credit. Mr. Hollo way was impressive as Hardress Cregan, and Mr. Russell playedspiritedly the part of Kyrlc Daly. Mr. Milne sustained the character of Danny Mann in a manner that gave a deep interest to the representation, and the Myles-na-Coppakcn of Mr. Leopold was a capital piece of acting. A new drama is to be produced this evening, entitled "Never Too Late to Mend, or the Australian Gold Discovery." It is a "moral drama," after the style of "The Ticket-of-Leave Man," and is intended to exemplify tlie great model prison system. There Will be new scenery and mechanical effects, and the drama is to be brought out in a very complete manner. State of H.M. Gaol.—The following is the weekly state of H.M. Gaol, Sandhurst, for the week ending 18th of October, 1873:— Last return, 52 males; 20 females. Since received, 9 males; 4 female ;—total, 69 males; 24 females. Since discharged, 9 males; C females. Total now in, 52 males, 18 females. Classified as follows :—Trial, 5 males; 1.female. Remanded, 2 male; 0 females. Fined. 6 males; 4 females. Hard labor, '25 males; 10 females. Imprisonment, 10 males; 3 females. Want of bail. 4 males; 0 females. Bekdmo Hospital.—Report for the week ending 18th October. Patieuts in hospital 11th October. Ill; 21 admitted during the Week; 1G discharged; 3 died; 113 remain in the hospital. Messrs. Hayes, John Stewart, Joseph, and Colm, members of the c jmmittee, attended on Tuesday, 14th October, and con sidered seven applications for out-door relief, of which all were granted. Total number of out-patients for the week, 200. Theatre Royal.—The performances _ at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night attracted a large audience, and the various items of the entertainment were given with great spirit. The singing of Miss Beaumont delighted the audience, and the songstress was greeted with great applause. Amongst the new attractions are liie Sisters Milly, Rose, and Fanny Downey, who as singers and dancers met with deserved applause. The performances on the trapeze by Azella were as sensational as ever, and some of the feats held the audience in breathless excite ment. The negro sketches by Messrs. Sharp and Buckley were highly amusing; and a farce, " The Ghost in a Pawushop," which concluded the entertainment, excited roars of laughter. Sale of Colts.—Messrs. L. Macpheraon and Co. will offer for sale to-day at twelve o'clock, at their bazaar, forty colts and fillie3 of the celebrated PI and OX brand. As this is the only consignment that will leave the breeding station this season persons on the lookout for good horse stock will have an excellent opportunity of supplying their requirements. 