^E;mgli-8.h'; Mail ;! CHURCH CONGRESS AT LEEDS. T^ShaEl'been the most important event of the month; Of the right ref*: president's inaugural address everybody was glad to speak in praise... iThe great hall was densely crowded, but with a clear ringing voice, and an admirable articulation, the Bishop was well heard throughout. The points most generally and heartily cheered were — necessity of church reform (as to the bands of uniformity), attach ment to the National Church, and thirdly, charitable toleration, with a pure desire to use the Congress for the promotion of God's glory. Such an opening address, so received, gave good promise of a profitable session. Of the Bishop's chairmanship representative men of each 'school' spoke warmly. At the close of the week, as at the close of the one' specially exciting meeting, there seemed to be an agreement in almost every gathering, great or small, that Bishop Bickersteth had proved 'a capital chairman.' The whole general tone of the Congress was more than usually grave and serious. A higher tone of religious feeling seems to have prevailed, and naturally abated in some degree the heat of party zeal. The leading men on- all sides ? showed great moderation and a desire to conciliate. Accustomed to meet one another from year to year at these Congresses, a sort of courteous fellowship appears to have sprung up among them, and they hM learned to recognise and to respect each other's position, even as party men. It was curious to see men of the most opposite views in conversation with each other, and to hear how frankly they had become accustomed to discuss the position and prospects of the sections to 'which they respectively belong. Then the religious tone was ' better and more devout ; the devotional exercise with which each session commences was warm and hearty ; and there was a perceptible prominence given throughout to the person and work of God the Holy Ghost. The Bishop op Ripon's Address. — In the course of his remarks the right rev. president said : — ' For my own part, I cannot look upon this assembly, collected a's it is from every part of the United Kingdom ; composed of clergy and laity of all ranks, some of them holding the foremost positions in church and state ; many who come from retired scenes, which are sacred to those intellectual pursuits which from age to age have enriched the literature of the church ; others whose lot is cast in spheres of active employment, where the incessant demands of public duty encroach fatally on the time which otherwise might be devoted to study and meditation ; many whose opportunities for mutual intercourse are few and far between, and whose inevitable divergences of opinion are upon that account apt to be exaggerated ; many more who with sentiments widely differing upon a variety of questions are yet united as one man in their vene ? ration . and attachment for the church to which we belong — I say 1 cannot look upon this assembly in which many hundreds of the members of our church are brought face to face, and every facility is afforded for the free interchange of thought and feeling, without 'being impressed with the greatness of the opportunity (provided only that God's blessing is with us) for knitting more closely the bonds of brotherly love; for dispersing those mists of prejudice which too often hinder us from godly union and concord ; for rectifying mis apprehensions, which are apt to grow up where men who think earnestly upon the same momentous questions keep aloof from each other ; for turning to good account the experience which has been gained by those who in different spheres of action have been striving for similar objects ; and for inciting one another to greater zeal and fervour in the discharge of the vocation and ministry to which every member of the church has, in God's providence, been called. The torpor of the past age has given place to an awakened energy and zeal which, if rightly directed, may lead to the most beneficial results. 'We are learning by degrees the need of greater elasticity and freedom in our church system. I suppose that most men now recognise the necessity, if the national church is to retain, or, speaking more correctly, if she is to recover, her influence over large masses of our fellow-countrymen — that she should be emancipated to some extent from those rigid and unyielding bands of uniformity which have too often tended rather to impede than to further the church's progress. In such a period of reawakened activity, conference is of inestimable value. A hundred questions are sure to arise, as indeed they have arisen, for the wise solution of which nothing is more to be desired than the calm deliberation of thoughtful minds, and the contributions of experience which may be imparted by those who have tried, each in his own sphere and in his own method, to work out the problems which the circumstances of the church and the age force on our notice. Problems, for example such as these. : — how to win back the multitudes who from whatever cause have become estranged from our communion, or, what is far worse, estranged from Christianity itself; how to adapt the ministrations of the church so as to reach tlae '-largest number, and convey the fullest measure of spiritual blessing : how to utilise to the utmost 'this services of the lay members ot the church. without trenching upon the province which' is peculiar to an ordained ministry ;' how to counteract the tendencies of the age, whether towards scepticism in one direction or towards superstition in another ; how, without the smallest surrender of essential truth, to cultivate brotherly union between all who profess to be followers of the same divine Saviour ; how to preserve the distinction between fundamental truth which we must die rather than compromise, and that which though equally true is not equally important, and about which we may safely agree to differ till the prayer of our Divine Lord is accomplished, ' that they all may be one, as Thou, Father, art in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be one in Us, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me.' ' At its close, the Bishop ?made the Congress of 1872 for ever memorable by an impressive and solemn act. He said that as the Congress began with an act of worship, it was right that it should commence also with an act of faith likewise. He therefore invited the immense assemblage, which filled every nook and corner of the ample hall from end to end, to stand up and repeat with him the Apostles' Creed. The meeting rose and, with a thundering swell of sound and remark able distinctness of articulation for so large a body, recited the Articles of Belief of the undivided Church. It was a solemn act, likely to linger long in the memories of those who took part in it, and well calculated to assure both the nation and the world that, spite of all her divisions, the Church of England holds with unfaltering faith and fervent warmth ' the faith once delivered to the saints.' The Woeking Men's Meeting. — On, this occasion, when an immense gathering of bond fide artisans was collected in the Great Hall, the Bishop of Winchester made an address, not less felicitous than characteristic, which he brought to a close with these remarks :— ' I say to you reverence yourselves. It is sometimes said that the tem perance movement is everything that man wants. So far as reforming the drunkard and repairing the spoilt human machine goes, it is most excellent, but do not think it is everything ; do not let yourselves bo fooled for a man to say, ' I was once a drunkard, but now I am not ; see how respectable I am,' is nothing better than a little bit of Pharisaical self-righteousness. Man is made to do God's work in the world, and that is not to be done by by being a drunkard ; but he must humble himself before the Creator, the Redeemer, and the Sanctifier, and then in their strength go out and bless every man with whom he comes in contact in this busy lite, we nave oeen considering now best to get the working men leisure hours, and I myself am bent upon it. But why ? That they may in their leisure hours raise theirown physical force — I don't forget that we have a body as well as a soul — then their family, then their intellectual, and above all their spiritual being. That is the use of having these leisure hours, and if the additional hours should be spent by the working men of England in dissipation, riot, and drunkenness — if they should be spent in learning himself and. teaching others not to be satisfied, not to understand that work is glory, and that in doing the work he is set to do is the glory of man here, and will be the elevation of his faculties — then better by far that they should not have hours of leisure than that they should have them to lower their own moral and intellectual condition. I have now said my say to you. My desire is that by seeking to elevate the life that is above life you raise the life that is life, and God bless you in the endeavour.' Dean M'Neile on Peeaching.— The Dean of Ripon said that he wished to be allowed to say to his young friends that the first, the highest, the most indispensable qualification for a Christian preacher was his own habitual communion with God. In order to be real, it must be entire without reserve. There could be no concealment from Him, and they knew it. If there were any attempt at reserve, any fostered evil practice which they intended to retain, it-was vain to attempt communion with Him about other things. Entirely vain they would always find it to ask His help in some things if they intended to disobey Him in anything. The subject matter of Christian preaching had been referred to. It was, he ventured to say, the revealed truth of God. Not the truth of His natural perfections, of His designing wisdom and infinite power. These might be reasoned from creation and providence, but without conveying any moral in fluence to the mind of the reasoner. Their subject was the truth of the moral character of God — love, mercy, justice, truth. Concerning these they could have no certain information excepting by a communication from Himself. But they had a revelation. They had a message direct from God, perfect in itself, repudiating addition or alteration. Christian preachers were expositors, ambassadors — ambassadors who ought not, and while allegiance was warm in their hearts would not, deviate from the instructions of their Sovereign. His commission to them was to preach His Word, and the best and most instructive preaching was the exposition of that Word. The details of church order, of church ceremony, formed no part of the divine message. They had varied and might vary according to men's minds, providing nothing was retained that was contrary to God's Word. They might say of this what the Archbishop of Canterbury said of the Atha nasian Creed — ' No one claimed it for apostolical authority, or that it came from an infallible source, and therefore it stands to us in a relation altogether different from God's Word.' The reason why the Word was the great subject of Christian preaching was, that the object of it is the salvation of fallen men. Then, in the face of all they had heard about reiteration, he must say this, that there waB no name given under heaven among men but the name that must be reiterated— the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. He was the Alpha and the Omega of Christian preaching. Whatever might be in the sermon, without Him was darkness, and not light. If He were to be kept from reiterating the name of Christ, he would sit down and never say another word. Christ was the sun of the Christian system. Sir John Herschel in his lectures on science said that the first and most important office that the sun performed towards our earth was to keep it together and prevent its members from parting company, from seceding/ This was done by the attraction of gravitation. The attraction of the love of Christ when really wrought in a human soul resembled attraction in the natural world. This was the true centre of unity. The importance of Christian teaching arose from this — that by the appointment of God salvation came by faith, and faith came by hearing. There was no instrumentality appointed in Scripture for the conveyance of faith except 'the sword of the Spirit.'' It was not conveyed by any outward and visible sign : faith was a pre-requisitc to the right use of every sign. The comparative importance of Christian preaching demanded attention, but there was not time for him. to enter into it. It was a truism to say that everything was comparative. There was a glory about every part of Christianity, and ho did not wish to disparage any part of it which gave pre-eminence to Christ, Spiritual Life. — The most remarkable of all the meetings was the session when the subject for discussion was ' The Deepening of the Spiritual Life.' Strange as it may sound, this topic has at previous congresses always given occasion to warm debate and a very strong conflict of opinion. This has arisen from the widely different con ceptions formed by adverse parties of the modes of its cultivation. While Evangelical men look to prayer and the study of the Word and a close personal walk with God, Ritualists look to sacraments, to confession and priestly absolution, and to retreats of a more or less monastic character. This subject has consequently been hitherto a chosen battle-field on which Sacerdotalists have gathered their strongest forces and made their most resolute stand against Evan gelical influence. This year nothing of the kind took place. At one part of the session the subjects of confession and absolution were introduced, but it was only for a time, and the meeting was at once guided back into that channel of solemn and devotional thought in wTrirVh £1ir Tyrnfif-prlintrs hn.rl nTPvinnslv flnworl. TVip. 'Ro.v. Ofmon Hoare said; — 'I am perfectly prepared at anytime to speak, not merely from principle but from experience, upon the subject of con fession. I entertain the strongest possible opinion on that subject ; but, at the same time, the spirits of the prophets are to be subject to the prophets, and I feel it my duty now to restrain what I may term the combativeness of my disposition and to check my desire to say some thing in defence of what I regard as great and important truths. Let me, then, seek at once to draw your hearts to the great object we all have in view, that of deepening the spiritual life. Now, what is the perfection of spiritual life ? I am prepared to give one definition of the perfection of the spiritual life, namely, that it consists in a holy like ness to our blessed Lord and Saviour. If we approach His character we approach the perfection of spiritual life ; and it is just in proportion as we have the mind of Christ that we have any real spirituality in our life* Now, the question is how is this to be promoted ? There are one or two suggestions which I would just throw out. In the first place, there must be an acquaintance with Christ's character. God's Word, which reveals it, must not be read cursorily and idly, and in the midst of our engagements, or at night, when the wearied frame is nearly worn out ; God's Word must be deeply studied and pondered over if we would become familiar with the character of our Lord. But lam prepared to go a step further, and to say that even the knowledge which we may obtain through God's Word is not enough. It is not merely what we read in that sacred Book, that Book of God, but there must be a personal intimacy, a personal acquaintance with our blessed Lord and Saviour. It is a very easy- thing to know about Him,, but that is a very different thing from knowing Him. We ivantto know him by personal intercourse, to walk with Him, to con verse with Him, to cultivate what I may term an intimacy with Him, to be able to go again and again to Him with the words of the Psalmist, 'Say unto my soul, I am thy salvation.' And now I come to another point, and that is that in seeking His likeness, in cultivating His friendship, in making ourselves acquainted with His mind, there is one great principle to be observed — a principle which I believe has ?brought life and peace and happiness to thousands of souls. It is this— that we must observe the order of God's proceeding. The natural heart when first awakened invariably places spirituality first and forgiveness or acceptance second. All men when they first begin to think would be naturally disposed, if they were entrusted with the composition of the 130th Psalm, to write, ' There is forgiveness with VliAO 1-P T pnnlri Tvnf. fnar T'licm ViAf.f ov ' Unf mnvV linxtr dnr\ nnf.a i+. ' There is forgiveness with Thee, that Thou mayest be feared.' The whole of that holy fear, the whole of that spirituality, the whole of that reverential obedience to our blessed Lord, is the growth of a forgiveness freely gained. We find in the sixth verse of that same Psalm these words, ' With Thee is plenteous redemption.' Thus you observe the order of the proceeding. The sense of defect does not keep us at a distance from God ; but, being reconciled and being forgiven, and having our sins blotted out for ever through Christ's precious blood, we may come near to Him, cultivate His spirit and seek his likeness in the confident hope that the day will come when that passage will receive its complete fulfilment. ' ' It doth not yet appear what we shall be, but we know' — it is not a matter of specula . tion, but one of knowledge — ' wo know that when he shall appear we shall belike Him, for we shall see Him as He is.' ' ? ! Dean Howson and the American Church. — It will be re membered that the Dean accompanied Bishop Selwyn to a convention of the Episcopal Church of the United States, At one of the meet ings at Leeds the former gave some of his experience ; describing the assembly of the reverend fathers in a church, he said :— ' I spoke ? of a shallow apsidal chancel. In this chancel were closely seated in three semicircles, round and behind the Holy Table, the fifty, bishops, in the same costume as that which is seen in the English House of Lords. I had the honour of being seated close to them, and when the earlier part of the service was over I looked round upon their faces. The impression immediately communicated to my mind by that look was this, that our sister church in America has for its bishops a body of strong and able men, and this impression was confirmed by what I learnt afterwards in detail. The American bishops are, for the most, men of experience, men of forcible character, and men of action. This result I attribute in a great measure to the fact that in their election the laity have an equal voice with the clergy. But I must turn to the Communipn .Service at the close. It is the practice in this church always to have a hymn from the authorised selection before the act of communi cating, and it is the custom always, to chant the Gloria in Excdsis, the rest of the service being read in the natural voice.' These two slight changes seem to me to give that eucharistic character to the service which with us is sometimes wanting ; and to my mind this reading, with the addition of hymns, is more satisfactory than bad intoning throughout. But the Gloria in Excelsis, as chanted in America, deserves a separate mention. As Iheard it on this occasion, and on several occasions afterwards (once in an immense congre gation at the largest church in Brooklyn, on the evening before I sailed for England), it made a deep impression upon, me. The use of this canticle is in America by no means restricted to the Communion office. It is sung on various occasions, and, indeed, on almost' all occasions of peculiar solemnity and interest, and commonly sung to a chant of great simplicity and beauty, with which every one is familiar, so that the Gloria in Excelsis might be called the characteristic hymn or creed of the American Episcopal Church. I must be allowed to allude to one of these occasions. The reuniting of the Northern and Southern sections of this communion, at the close of the wai', is one of the most pathetic, one of the most instructive pas sages of church history. , It is to be hoped that the whole of this story will some time be told in full detail, for it is highly honourable to the Christian feeling of hearts that had been deeply wounded on both sides of a terrible and complicated struggle. Other religious communities — the Methodists, the Presbyterians, the Baptists — which broke into two sections during that war, have not been reunited, and at Baltimore, last year, there were opportunities of observing how sharp and sore the line of division still remains ;? but in our own sister church (or, as I am directed to call it, our daughter church) the two parts, through mutual forbearance, and by the triumph, of love over distrust, coalesced into one, and, at the moment when the union was complete, those who were present broke out instinctively into the chanting of the hymn, Gloria in Excelsis.1' Public Discussion on Hy.mns. — Amongst the curious signs of these controversial times has been the assembling of a large audience at the Central School-room, Plumsfcead, to hear a pre arranged discussion on the question whether or not errors of the Church of Rome are contained in the well-known hymn-book called Hymns Ancient and Modern, the Rev. James Ormiston, vicar of St. David's, Holloway, having undertaken to maintain the affirmative, and the Rev. John M'Alhster, incumbent of St. Nicholas, Old' Plum stead, having engaged to defend the hymnal. A large number of clergymen and artillery officers were present. The Rev. J. Ormiston said the issue between himself and his opponent, namely, whether Hymns Ancient and Modern does or does not contain some of the most objectionable errors of the Church of Rome, was a most impor tant issue. About a million and a- half copies of that book had been circulated, and if he made out his case it was a serious question for clergymen whether they should introduce or continue its use in their churches. It was impossible for him in. the short space qf halfan hour to enter into the subject at any great length; but he would state at the outset that among the errors which he considered . to be contained in the book were the following : — Transubstan- tiation, sacramental adoration, prayer for the dead, , salvation by human works, perversion of Holy Scripture ;n a Romish sense, idolatry, invocation of the wood of the cross, baptismal rege neration, apostolic succession, and, last but not least, the worship of the Virgin Mary. Of course he could not then enter into all those topics, but he should be happy to come down to Plumstead on some future occasion to continue his observations. Ever, since that book was first published he had lifted up his voice to protest against it ; and he believed it had proved one of the most success ful of the many efforts put forth by. an active minority in the Church of England for ' the purpose of leavening the masses of the congregations who attended church with Romish doctrine, with the ulterior object of putting an end to the separation, or schism as it was called, between the Church of England ana the Church of Rome. The formula which they used was a very ancient one, dating from the early ages of the primitive Church. Uniformly had taatdbxplogy UCUU UbCU 11X U&LJUUXUg; glUX^y tU UCllOVitU— — i1 ttbilUjL, £-Uil, i^UU AXlfly Spirit, co-equal, co-essential, cp-eternal, the pure Deity. The human ity of the Son was not even hinted at. For many years past efforts have been made in the Church of Rome to exalt the Virgin Mary as an ooject of worship ; and in December, 1854, it was promulgated, on the authority of the Pop'e, that the .Virgin Mary was conceived without sin. . She was thus removed altogether out of the category of poor sinners, that- she might afterwards be the object of supreme worship. Now at the end of some of the hymns in Hymns Ancient and Modern, the name of the Virgin Mary was introduced in a manner which accorded with the recent teaching of the Church of Rome with regard to her. Some of these doxologies were taken out of Romish books ; others were written by the compilers' of the hymn-book. At the end of hymn 45 was the following :— ? , ' O lord, the Virgin-born, to Theo :?..(,- Eternal praise and glory be ; . .. . ?, . ,'...,.-? J; Whom with the Father we adore, ' ' '; And Holy Ghost for evermore.1' ' ' : : ? ' ?; Why was the humanity of the Son introduced. into. that. dqxology ? For the simple and obvious reason that the. Virgin Mary was to be introduced. He laid great emphasis on that, and;would point out as remarkable that it was only in recent years, only suicethe. corruptions of the great apostacy had become so multiplied and intensified, that the name of the Virgin Mary had been introduced into public ascrip tions of praise to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. After citing several hymns in Avhich the name of the Virgin Mary, was introduced in various connections, he put it to the intelligence of that meeting and his brother clergymen on the platform, whether that language was warranted by the letter, he would not say- by the spirit, of Holy Scripture. He said, emphatically, it was not. In putting the Virgin Maty forward as the mother of God it exalted her, he main tained, and placed God at her feet. What an awful thought that a million and a half copies of these words were in circulation in this country, and were being sung from week to week in places of public 'worship. (Hear, hear.) If there were but one of the deadly errors which he had enumerated in this book, that fact ought to be sufficient to banish for it for ever from our parish and district churches. (Loud Cheers.) The tendency to the worship of the Virgin Mary was further illustrated in the 163rd hymn, the intention clearly being to associate her with the blessed Mediator between God and man. The refrain in each verse of that hymn Was, not 'Son of David' or ?' Son of man,' but, ' Jesu, son of Mary, hear.' Was it because He was the Son of any particular person, the Son of any selected woman, that they went to God by Him, or expected the prayer of faith to be heard, and the cry of woe to be answered? He replied, emphatically, ' No ; ' it was because]He was the Eternal Son of the Everlasting Father, ' God of God, Light of Light, very God of very God.' He declared that refrain to be not only unscriptural but anti scriptural. It was introduced with the evident object of familiarising the minds of people with Mariolatry. Must not the effect be to expose many souls to imminent peril ? Inasmuch aa Hymns Ancient and Modern contained 118 hymns taken from Roman Catholic sources, he thought that any man of ordinary intelligence must come to the conclusion that the tendency of that book was in a Komish direction. He was thankful to say that since that discussion was announced he received letters from all parts of the country, express ing satisfaction that it was about to occur. The chairman, in a few closing remarks, said the defence of Mr. M'Alister had not removed his impression that many of the hymns in Hymns Ancient and Modern were not in accordance with scriptural and Protestant truth. The Proposed Prayer Experiment.— In the course of the dis cussions at the Bristol Gloucester Diocesan Conference, held at Clifton, a valuable paper on ' Have the working classes generally the power and opportunity to educate their children religiously, and, if not, how is the want to be supplied ?' was read by Mr. P. F. Aiken. In the course of some valuable remarks he referred to the profane suggestion of Professor Tyndal. Not till yesterday did I read the proposal made by an anonymous writer, sanctioned by an eminent professor, to test the efficacy of prayer by a physical experiment Thft Tp^rrttP.rl nrnfpssnr sfn+pa fVint. t.fiu onfi-inv nf +Vio 1n(-tnv ' wiol-ina +n confer quantitative precision on the action of the supernatural in nature.' Dividing all subjects in the Book of Common Prayer into four classes, he proposes to ' discover a means of demonstrating in ' some tangible form the efficacy of prayer.' But so unfit is the subject for demonstration, that he confines his test to the one point of prayer for the sick. He asks that one ward or hospital under proper medical care should be specially prayed for, not less than three or five years, and that the mortality rates should then be made the subject of fair comparison and inquiry. If time is given, ' and numbers sufficiently large to insure a minimum of error from accidental or disturbing causes,' he says ' the experiment will be exhaustive and complete.' The scheme is faulty, because God has not promised to perform this experiment in the way prescribed by the man who proposes it to con vince himself and others who doubt or disbelieve in the efficacy of prayer. If it were His divine will so to answer such an appeal, neither five years nor statistics would be necessary. Christian people \vho believe the Bible need no further proofs of the efficacy of prayer than those which it contains abundantly. Can it be supposed that they would agree to pray to God for so many years at the invitation of an uninspired professor and his friend, for the special purpose of convincing them and others who doubt or deny the great fact that there is a God in heaven who hears prayer, and of the quantitative precision with which He answers them ? Such a trial was made long ago by His' inspired prophet on Mount Carmel, and we believe the experiment was ' exhaustive and complete.' In this nineteenth century of the Christian era we have much further evidence, both from sacred and profane history. Besides, our Lord has taught us by an impressive parable, that if men will not hear Moses and the Prophets — much more if they will not bear Christ and His Apostles, neither will they believe if such a sign as this were granted them. If men by praying could obtain exactly what they ask for, they would have power to disarrange the moral and providential govern ment of the Supreme Ruler. But the true spirit and condition of all prayer is ' Thy will be done,' and its best answer is not what finite minds ask, but what infinite wisdom sees fit to bestow. A Bishop's Portrait op a Ritualist. — In the course of his recently-delivered charge, Bishop Magee drew the following sketch of a Ritualistic clergyman : — 'A youthful priest — let us suppose — who has but recently passed an examination for holy orders, in which he may not perhaps have displayed any very profound acquaintance with theology or church history, finds himself the fortunate possessor of a living, into which he has been inducted upon the express condi tion that he ' assents to, and will use the the form prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer and none other, except as far as it may be ordered by lawful authority.' No sooner has he been duly inducted, than he proceeds to set up in his church the Roman mass in all its minutest details, of which lights, vestments, and incense, are but a small part ; he duly performs all the genuflections, crossings, and prostrations prescribed in the last edition of his ' Directorium,' or his ' Ritual for the Altar,' adding to these, from time to time, such 'beautiful symbolisms ' as may either occur to his own mind, or may have been recommended by some correspondent in his church news paper, as the last ' correct thing ' in Ritualism. His parishioners, naturally indignant at this deliberate Romanising of their church and their services — in which they, perhaps not altogether erroneously, believe that they have some rights, legal and ecclesiastical — remon- strate with him. He informs them in reply, that ho is a priest of the holy Catholic Church, and that, as such, it his privilege to teach and direct them in all things, and their privilege to obey him. They complain to the bishop, who, on writing to the incumbent to inquire into the truth of their complaints, receives in reply the infor mation that all that has been complained ef ia quite true ; that the writer does not intend to alter his proceedings in the very least par ticular) Whatever his bishop may say to the contrary ; that as to hia promise ' reverently to obey his ordinary,' that only means, that he ia to obey such directions as a bishop can enforce in a court of law ; and that at any rate, whatever obedience over and above this he might be disposed to pay to a really 'catholic-minded' and 'properly appointed bishop,' he cannot possibly pay to one who is only ' the nomi nee of the Prime Minister,' and has neither ' the learning nor the'piety,' nor ' the Catholic sympathies,' which alone would justify the obedience of a truly Catholic priest. Does his bishop, in reply, remind him that he is not asking him to obey his directions only, but to obey the plain and clear law of the Church of England, his answer is, either that the Church of England has not expressly forbidden the practices in question, and that he is entitled to do or say anything in public service which is not expressly forbidden ; or, if this cannot be alleged, he asserts that these practices have been forbidden only in the court of the Metropolitan, whose judgments he cannot possibly acknow ledge, inasmuch as he sits there ' accompanied by a lay assessor,' or else by the Committee of the Privy Council, whose decisions are for him simply so much waste-paper. Or, should what he is doing be a clear violation of some rubric, the purport of which has never been so much as questioned, the answer is still forthcoming that the rubrics being only those of a local church, he must decline to obey them, until they can be proved to him not to be opposed to the only law he acknowledges, viz., that of the Church Catholic, of which he is a priest — a condition which, as he is himself to be the sole judge of the sufficiency of the proof, does not, certainly, much restrain ? his liberty, of action, and which amounts, in plain English, to the declaration that he means to do precisely what he pleases, and that for him the promise — 'I will use the form prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer, and none other ' — means, ' I will not use that form, and I will use any other that may commend itself to my judgment or strike my fancy.' Finally, if his bishop, having exhausted every effort of remonstrance, counsel, and even of ' entreaty, proceed, at last, to enforce the law and discipline of the church of which he is chief pastor, he is met by an indignant cry of tyranny and persecution, and fierce accusations of attempt ing to stamp out the liberties' of the Catholic priesthood ; followed, probably, by a denunciation of the hateful union between church and State, by virtue of which, nevertheless, and of the legal status it gives him, this much- aggrieved priest alone possesses the legal power to defy his bishop.' ' Progress op Christianity in India. — From statistics recently collected and published by Baboo T. C. Mitter, of Hoogly, it appears that the number of native Christian comnmnicants in North India has more than doubled since the publication of Dr. Mullins' statis tics in 1861. We had expected a large increase, but must confess that this gratifying exhibit is a surprise to us. The total number of communicants reported is 13,908, with a Christian community of no less than 48,591 souls. The number of Protestant native Christians in India, Burmah, and Ceylon, is estimated at 300,000. — Luchnoiv Witness. ? ? - The Sydney Telegram. — The following telegram from the Bishop of Sydney : — ' Sydney, 25th October. General Synod, of Church of England in Australia and Tasmania sitting at Sydney: ten bishops, fifty clerical and lay representatives,' reached Adding ton Park on Saturday afternoon, the 26th, and was published in the London papers. . . ., The Ragged-school Class in New York. — There are in. New York two distinct sets of schools — the one called ' the common schools,' the other known as 'the corporate schools.' The former, supported by rates, are what is called the common school system of America. These schools every child of the city has free admission to. Yet with this free provision there is a very large proportion of the children of New York which the rate-supported education does not reach. The poorest or ragged class cannot be induced to attend these schools, though free, as, among other things, they suffer from the petty persecutions of the children who are better clad than them selves. In consequence of this condition the other set of schools — the corporate schools — sprang into existence some years ago from voluntary religious efforts to supply that portion of the population which was thus left uneducated. These are the 'American ragged- ; schools,' supported by voluntary subscription, and managed by voluntary managers; their funds are supplemented to the extent of about a third from the city funds. In the year 1869 there were 6900 children in average attendance, and 18,752 on the books of these schools. In 1870 there were above 7000 in average attendance, and over 19,000 on the books. The schools of these societies are in the poorest districts of the city, in the very localities where the children are to be found. These schools form thus a supplementary system, supplying education to a class which the common schools had failed to reach. The inconsiderate destruction of the present Ragged-schools may have the result that ' after some years of sad experience, if will be found even necessary to re-establish, if de stroyed, some such system again for the good of the community.' The Athanasian Creed. — The Diocesan Synod of Armagh passed the following important resolution : — ' That the synod regrets the Revision Committee should have recommended the revision of certain portions of the Athanasian Creed, thereby leaving it to be inferred that our church has ceased to hold doctrines that belief in the Trinity and incarnation of our Lord are absolutely necessary for everlasting salvation ; and we trust the creed will be maintained intact as one of the protests of our church against infidelity and materialism, so prevalent in these last days.' The Ritualists and the late Me. Purchas. — Funeral sermons for Mr. Purchas were preached in the well-known -Ritualistic church of All Saints', Lambeth, by the Rev. Dr. Lee, the vicar. In the morning the text was taken from 2 Sam.vii. 1, ' And the Lord had given him rest round about from all his enemies.' The service which preceded the sermon was marked with extreme Ritualistic observ ances, and the celebration of the holy communion, which followed, seemed like a mass for the dead. Incense was offered, the elements , were consecrated amid the ringing of bells, and the clergy prostrated themselves. Previous to the communicants partaking, absolution was given, Dr. Lee making the sign of the cross with his hand over the congregation. At Brighton Father Ignatius marked the occasion by conducting a service, described as a «?' requiem for the soul of John Purchas, priest of the Catholic Church,' when the concert hall was crowded. It is reported that the congregation of St. James's Chapel have memorialised the vicar of Brighton in favour of the Rev. Charles Wilkins as successor, but that Dr. Hannah has declined to appoint Mr. Wilkins, and intimated his intention to discourage and prevent extreme Ritualism. 