EASY-CHAIR JOTTINGS. THE Stawell. Jumps.. One is getting thoroughly tired of them, and yet . the whole controversy is only in its infancy. In the papers—morning, evening, ] anU weekly—in the train, under 1 the Verandah, at the opera, • at dinner or lunch, .in Parliament, at the law courtsgo where you will, ithe principal iiheme of conversation the ; Stawell- shepherds and,-, jumpers..... !The, iwhole .matter, to, townspeople j-yho 4p got.'wndainytanfl tfcei relative' merits of thecase/nor its "vast importirice to 'mining' pommtiiiities, is almost as much'of anuisarfce as the b'arrel organs. • My drily hbpte* is that, as a balm to our wounded feelings,. Maickay' will• be thrown overboard, • and- some intelligent man be appointed Minister of .Mines. On Wednesday evening, Mr. Jones gave a few home thrusts which made the hon. Angus wince.' L. L'. Smith cheered lustily the while. "Oh it : was a glorious sight !'.'&c.; -«• •• "• • " •- • People i are beginning to see through the pompous little; gentleman who apes the position of the poor man's friend at the Lands Office. It is now generally admitted that there is a great deal of the genus humbug about him,—that for years past lie has been trading under false pretences. 1 • Even the most sanguine of his friends confess that his actions as Minister of Lands, and the insufferable selfconceit which he has exhibited since he assumed office, effectually preclude any possibility of his occupying the position of Chief Secretary which he ambitions, and for which it is said he is diligently qualifying himself by nightly perambulating his chamber in his new suit of Windsor uniform, practising in every possible position to keep his" sword from between his legs—admiring himself in a large glass specially provided for the purpose, and considering what a dash he will cut when, as Chief Secretary and arrayed in full costume, he does the Block arm-in-arm with Sir George Bowen, followed by two stalwart policemen to keep the crowd back and ena~ble the small great man to strut to advantage. Will that day ever come ? For the sake of humanity, I hope not. We have quite guys enough without bringing high offices into contempt. The Ministerial barque is not riding anything like so well as her crew expected. Well-defined rocks and shoals are avoided with some little difficulty; an unexpected squall or an adverse current, however, carries her considerably out of her way, arid it is with difficulty that she again rights herself. In any such emergency there is a deal of confusion among the crew, who do not appear to be in anything like a reasonable state of discipline. The general opinion is that one of them must be sacrificed, that a political Jonah is required. • The only question is, who is it to be—Langton, Mackay, or Casey? Until recently the Treasurer was looked upon as the doomed one; now, however, the betting is even on the three. We have advanced another step towards paternal government. Our rulers having decided the nature and extent of the education to be given to our cliildren, and having interdicted Sunday railway travelling and Sunday beer, they now tell us what particular brands of beer we shall drink on week days when travelling on the Government lines : the only colonial beer which can be sold is that brewed by Mr. Aitken or Mr. Fitzgerald, and for this not more than threepence per glass is to be charged. For English ale the caterer is graciously allowed to charge sixpence. It is rilmoured that Casey is going to insist on a clause being inserted that no person be supplied with more than one glass of beer in the day ; that Francis will insist that no colonial wine except his Sunbury vintage can be sold; that Gillies has entered into partnership with F. and G. F. Bullen, and that no person will be allowed to travel by rail who does not wear one of their celebrated ]?aget suits. The beer is a fact; the rest is but rumour, but that's evidently what we >are coming to. The eccentricities of Captain MORESBY,, R.N., of Her Majesty's ship Basilisk, came prominently before the public in the matter of the Springbok, wliicli, it will be remembered, he provisioned for about half the time which he computed it would take her to reach her destination, arid despatched the schooner with her living freight under the command of a sub-lieutenant incompetent to navigate her. " The hairbreadth 'scapes" of the ship and passengers will be fresh in tHe minds of the community. Now the gallant captain lias been signalising himself in another way, and has, in the name of Her Majesty. Queen Victoriaj taken possession of New Guinea. The well-known views of Downing-street on . the Colonial question would scarcely .lead one to believe that there was any desire on the part of British statesmen to'Extend the Queen's dominions.' What does it all mean ? Has the gallant skipper gone awry 1 The Hon. Duncan Gillies, in the. most bland and childlike manner, ,let out the whole matter of the Electoral Bill on. Tuesday. That gentleman made ' the" humiliating and discreditable statement' that the Ministry, in order io secure the passing of the bill and retain their, seats; hadgorieon the p^djtfe tif^e^Hnl?:® seat for each member 'at present' House • and admitted that'jthe Hwita' At the countiy in 1 this, inatter 'MV^r entered for' a motointjiiito $euf lieaaf-,, maters, liience to 'tbe courit'iy ed long as Fiftncis & Co., retS^PplaJ^fl pay 4 slave who would think more of his coiT' try .than himself.. He was not so fc^ however, in the matter of the dualTotZ and stated that it was retained because it was in the existing measure. If this ba a valid reason, why not retain all the ok jectionable-features of the present bill? The fact is,' that without the votes of the merchants of South Yarra and Toorak Langton would not stand a ghost of a show for Central or West Melbourne. If the bill is to pass, it is to be hoped that the dual vote will be. eliminated in co m. mittee. Let . us have manhood suffice pure and simple. " Mr. Berry naively reminded the Hon. Duncan Gillies that time was when he called out loudly for the representation of minorities. Now, however, being ^ with the majority, he will' have none of the unclean thing. The wheel may turn again, and Duncan & Co. be left out in the cold. General verdict will be—serve them right. TAPLEY. 