COUNTY COURT JUSTICE. Wi; regret very much that the necessity should havo arisen for animadverting on the proceedings of the Bench in our County Court. But His Honor- Jndgo Dunno, on Monday, gave a decision in sncli a manuor, and on such grounds, as to have called forth general public reprobation. " The cir cumstances of the case have beon stated in our columns, and were briefly these:— Clothier sued Brown for tlio sum of L6, alleged to bo duo for some timber. At the commencement of the case Mr. Rymer, who appeared for the defendant, drew His Honor's attention to a defect in the bill o£ particulars, which Mr. Couaut, on the part of the plaintiff, admitted to bo fatal, and offered to pay the costs for an amendment. To this Mr. llymer objected, but the objec tion was overruled by His Honor, who thereby laid himself open to comment, as it is admitted the amendment could not bo mado without the consent of the defendant. Mr. llymer, in a lit of indignation, throw up the case. The plaintiff was thon put in the box, and on his swearing that the £l> was duo to him by defendant, His Honor immediately gave a verdict fur tho amount, refusing to hoar the defendant, who, having lost tho services of Mr. ltyiner, was left to conduct | Ilia own case. Ho begged to bo allowed to go into tho witness-box, but His Honor was obdurate, and. in spite of explanations and expostulations by Mr. llymor, who was naturally much irritated at seeing liis cliout so unjustly trealod, tho vordict was recorded. Now, if such a caso wore to occur in olir lower conrts, thcro would bo a univorsal outcry against tho adjudicating magistrates; but wa arc happy to say such extraordinary proceed ings aro unknown in those courts. The magis trates may make mistakes some tinios, and, liko other mortals, may soino times lose patience,—especially with tho lawyers—but wo hear of no cases in which they arrive at decisions without a fair hearing of both sides. Surely tho public should liave as much confidence in our higher courts, as in those below, and tho procedure of a judge on the Bench should, if it is not possible for it to be always beyond comment, be at loast above such very adverse stricture as that which has been evokod by tho courso adopted by His Honor Judge Dunne in tho case of Clothier v. Brown; and we earnestly hope wo may not liavo to roport such a very one-sided and unprecedented proceeding 011 his part again. Paiii.iam rcN'T.—The groatiif part of the time uf the Legislative Assembly yesterda}', bufoV'e tile refreshment hour, was occn])ied by a discussion on a question by Mr Mac ^'rogur, as to what the Hon. the Minister of Mines intended to do in the mutter of the " jump" canes at Pleasant Greek. The dis cussion was resumed after the adjournment, and resulted in Mr. promising to consult his colleagues 011 the subject with a view to tlia protection of bona fido mining tenants. The- Mining 011 Private Property Hill passed its third reading. The Life Assurance Companies Bill was further con sidered in committee, and the second read ing uf the Electoral Bill, together with t.ho other busii less oil iho paper, was postponed. DiwiiiVCiiPUt OijcuRRBSOE.—A eorreapon dent informs us that oti Sunday afternoon a stand-up light between two men took place at Ironbark, iu the street outside tho Quartz Miners' Anus. A crowd of at least 150 people were assembled, and the disgracefulexhibiucm lasted for nearly an hour without check or hindrance. The pugilists fought their battle to and cud, an not " a ghost of a policeman" was to bo seen within a mile of tho scone. Rexdido IJbsbvolbxt Asy&uit; and In nusTi:i.ii, School.—Tho Superintendent desires io acknowledge the generona oiler of 1 [alias' City Band, in giving a varied eiitev tai anient on the evening of Friday next, in vhe day ward of the institution, for the recreation of tho children and .-irluH Austk.vlasjas "'hotestant Political As sociation. — 'Th. weekly meeting of the members of this . ;sociation is to be held this evening, at eight o'clock, at Hadley's City Hotel. Salk ok Misrr.vfl Plant, &o.;—We have been requested to call attention to the sale of the machinery, &c.;, of tho Isabella Com pany, White Hills, which is to. take placo 011 the ground, at half-past two. o'clock, to morrow, tho auctioneer being Mr. 0. C. White. Hallas's Band.—Last evening the City Band, under the leadership of the indefati gable Mr. Halla3, played selections of music in tho Reserve. Several members of the operatic company were present, and expressed their appreciation of tho ability with which the band acquitted itself. Sub sequently a promenade concert was given ii\ tho Oddfellows' Hall, which was well attended, and a very successful affair. 