A FESIALK SAILOR.-About three mouths ago a beardless, rosy-faced young person, of some eighteen summers, rigged out ui regular ?lack Tar habiliments, made application at a certain Whitby office to be apprenticed to a vessel belonging to that port. Articles were signed binding thc "emart-looking young man" for thc usual-term of apprenticeship, and the sa^or got safely lodged innis "bunk." Shortly afterwards thc vessel sailed from Whitby laden with coal for Malaga. During the voyage, which was a rough one, thc new apprentice behaved "himself " like a man, doing thc regular sailor work, and seeming to have great pluck for going aloft, and performing duty there with such spirit that older hands were rather astonished. No suspicions as to thc real sex of the new apprentice wero aroused until thc vessel arrived at her destination, when thc deception was discovered, and thc new apprentice turned out to bc a female. The young spark bade farewell, for a time at least, audit is to be hoped for ever, to tho rough work of a sailor, and donnell the clothes of her sex. Thc captain of thc vessel had the articles cancelled, and ro-ongaged thc "ap- prentice " as stewardess for bis snip, and, after taking in a cargo of esparto grass, left Malaga and amvedat Aberdeen a day or two ago. Many a laugh thc sailors enjoyed as thc yarn of the doings of the female sailor went j rauud during thc homeward voyage. Thc ' "new apprentice" is a stout-built female, and as her hair is not very long, she has a thoroughly masculine appearance, and it would have been a sharp eyethat could have detected thc deception when drcsscdos a sailor. We hear that the female will give no 11308011 for tho foolish freak. It is thought that she is a native of Whitby. Buiivix«; TUE WHONH WOMAN.-A remark- able case was recently reported in Waterford. Kor some weeks past a Mrs. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alcxandcr street, in that city, bad been in thc Union Hospital, and on Jan. 20 a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired tu thc workhouse, and having satisfied himself of thu accuracy of the report, bo proceeded to tho agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a muuiber of which lie was, and having pro- duced the necessary certificate of death, he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under tho rules of tho Society. He next { proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to thc workhouse, had thc remains placed in it and conveyed tu his own residence. Thc usual wake was held, when nil thc relatives «if the deceased with the neighbours assembled, and thc general impression of all who saw thc coipsc was that deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains wore fol- lowed by a host of son-owing friends to thc gravoyanl and were solemnly interred, Keane's grief being sn great that he could nut be comforted. Thc grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home Bonnwiug. Keane proceeded to work thc next day, and at night returned tu his desolate humo, While sitting taking his lonely supper that evening thc intel) of thc ilonr was lifted, and anil in walked Mrs. John Keane, and, delighted nt again being restored tu her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her anus round Iiis neck, in the wildest ccstacy began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought or her tu say if she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at bret. When Keane's bewilder- ment liegen to cease be narrated all the story of thc funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the woke and funeral. Keane immediately pmcccdod tn thc union, and (hore ascertained that a Mi's. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife nf a John Keane residing in Peter street, tin hearing of the matter the ageut of the St. Patrick was furious, because tho scened .Ioho Keane was nut a member nf the society. Thc whole alVaiv lias created the greatest amusement in thc city. 