ST. ALOYSIUS CHURCH, BROWN'S RIVER. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The site for this building, which is a beautiful slope overlooking the beach on the one side, and the whole of the valley of the river on the other, con- sists of about one and half acres-purchased by the late Vicar-General, Dr. Hall, for the purpose to which it is now applied. In spite of the threatening aspect of the weather | early on Wednesday morning, by half-past 11 o'clock large numbers of persons of all ages, and both sexes, began to arrive from Hobart Town and the outlying districts. Tho clergy present were the Right Rov. D. Murphy, Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, V.G., Veil. Areli. Marum, (Brighton,) Rev. M. O'Callaghan, (Richmond), Rev. C. P. Woods, (St. Joseph's), Rev. J. Murphy, (Franklin), Rev. D. Bcechinor, (Cathedral), Rev. W. Fitzgerald, (Port Arthur), Rev. T. Kclsh, (New Norfolk), Rev. M. O'Regan (Port Cygnet) and the pastor, the Rov. P. R. Henne- bry. We also noticed U. O'Reilly Esq., M.H.A., the member for the district, J. Gray Esq., M.H.A., J. M. Dooley Esq., M.H.A., Alderman Rheuben, H.L. Crowther, Esq., W. Crowther, Esq., Messrs. G. P. Kenny, M. Keogh, H. Hunter, P. O'Reilly, W. Burgoyne, O'Snea, Scott, Baynton, and a number of other influential persons of all denomi- nation. The house of the contractor being contiguous the Bishop and clergy ptocceded there, and, having vested formed a procession headed by acolytes, and slowly descended the slight eminence until thoy reached the spot intended as the site of the high altar, which the Bishop (vested in cope aud mitre) proceeded to bless, reading the S3id Psalm, " How lovely are thy tabernacles, O Lord of Hosts," which was succeeded by prayers under the invocation of St. Aloysius, under whose patronage the church is to be dedicated. The BISHOP next proceeded to the consecration of the foundation stone, begging the blessing of God and marking it with the sign of the cross on each side in the name of the Trinity, followed by prayers for the bodily and spiritual good of the donors. After which the Litany of the Saints was chanted by the Bishop and clergy kneeling. Psalm 120, " Unless the Lord build tho house they labour in vain that build it " was chanted. In the cavity of the stone was deposited a document as follows : D. O. M. In honor Sacræ. Trlnit. Sub invoc. S. Aloys, de Gonzago VIII. Kal. Oct. An. Rep. Sal. MDCCCLXX111. Pio. Pap. IX. fel. reg. Victoria Britt. Regina. Vic. ger. in Tasmania, Carol. Du Cane. Past Miss Rev. P. R. Hennebry. Henrie Hunter, Architect. Angul hunc, lap. Eccles. Illmus et Revmus Daniel Murphy, Eplsc. Hobarton. Assist. Magn. Presbyt. et Fidel concurs P. Together with a copy of the day's Mercury, and coins of the realm. After the contractor had spread the mortar, the Bishop, placing his hand on the stone, said-"We place this stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, in order that the true faith may flourish, and that this place be destined for prayer and praise.". The stone was then lowered and sprinkled with holy water-the Bishop intoning tho "Asperges me," after which the miserere was recited. The procession re-formed, and proceeded round tho foundation sprinkling holy water-and reciting the antiphon in the words of Jacob, " O how terrible is this place," followed by tho 8Gth Psalm. Prayers for a blessing on all, for putting the devils to flight, and that the angels might have an entrance followed ; concluded with a supplication to Almighty God that ho would deign to bless and consecrate this place to his name. " The Antiphon " "the Housoofthe Lord is well established on a finn rock," followed by tho 121st Psalm, and the Hymn Vent Creator, intoned by the Bishop and clergy kneeling, and concluded by prayers for the piospcrityof the church, and that the building might remain firm, and that the faithful might receive of the blessing of God. THE BISHOP here in a few appropriate words in- troduced the Rev. M. O'Callaghan as the preacher, and that rev. gentleman took his text from the 8th chap, of the Book of Faralipomenon l8 verse. " Is it credible then that God should dwell with men V" After alluding to the pleasure ho felt in seeing so many there on tho occasion of laying the foundation stone of a house of God, and saying that wo havo the undoubted sanction of our Lord for the erection of Temples-specially referring to the Temple of Solomon and our Divine Lord teaching in the Temple, he divided his discourse into three heads- the first that the Christian Temple is a house of prayer ; second is a Temple of Sacrifice ; and third is a Temple of Doctrine ; and compared the Christian without prayer, to the soldier on the battle field without his armour. At the conclusion of his most eloquent discourse, he appealed to those present to contribute to the building fund. Rev. P. R. HENNEBRY, tho pastor, then stepped forward, and begged that his friends would assist him on the occasion ; when several sums were laid on .tho stone, to the amount of £83 Cs. Cd. After which, on the invitation of the pastor, the company adjourned to a most recherche luncheon, supplied hy the generosity of the pastor and his friends. When justice was done to tho good things provided, Father Hennebry roso and said that as the accommodation was small, ho would not detain them with any long speeches or many toasts, but would morely propose the health of tho Bishop, alluding to the fact that this was the first visit of His Lordship in his official capacity. The BISHOP in returning thanks expressed a hope that the work so auspiciously begun would bo ready for him to visit a second time a few months hence to finish, and ho would ask them to drink the health of the Rov. Pastor, than whom he had not a moro zealous priest in his diocese. Father HENNEBRY suitably responded, and returned his thanks for the generosity ho had met with from persons of all shades of religious belief. Mr. Jos. GRAY rose and said that with his Lord- ship's permission he would proposo the health of tho Vicar-Gonoral and his clergy, and alluded to tho times when the pioneers of Catholicity in this island had great difficulties to contend against. Tho VIOAR-GENERAL briefly returned thanks, and proposed the members of Parliament, which was responded to by Messrs. O'Reilly and Gray, tho latter of whom next proposed tho ladies, for whom Mr. Kolsh replied. The visitors left tho tables, and many of thoso present betook themselves to the boach and other means of beguiling the time until tho hour for starting homeward approached. A largo number of private conveyances and other vehicles were called into requisition, and the company presont separated, apparently much pleased with the day's proceedings. 