HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, Tuesday, August 19. i r- :In,1'pply to Mr. Krichuuff, tho Clucf oocro "tiiry snid the Government lmd n Hustle Bill m pvlut, wliicli tlioy would introduce if thoy hud an ^gfetiou Bm .wis read ft first timo, ^ ' Ulio" Attorney-General moved that tho Bill ' for the "Administration of Juslico in tho Northern ii'Territory, boread a second time. Mr, <Boueaut ,og«m rose,-and asserted most positively tlmt , Mr. Bundey Jmd spoken gmvely . and soriowsly Tvitli: reference to Sir. Downer s. , ? deoisiona in tho Local Court, and that ho hud ?!" '* i'ecoivccl corroborative testimony of this from a ' ' ' goutlomaiv of iiifluenco mid character. Ho 1" . ; ?frould let any meinbor BOO tho letter. It np« 1 11 jriarod tlmt Mv. Ziogler wont to Mr. Bnndoy ? ; ? : about threo'iiioriths ago, niid risked him to de ; . fciid n Local Court ease. Mr. Bnndoy told Mr. ' , Zieglor that lio lmd ft case which would bo uniiu '' peachablo, ill nny. Court in. Christendom except the Adolaido Local Court, because Mr. John . w Downer was ; returned ou tho other side. Ho ^^ook out oi a driiwor a copy of the Jiovdory ' ' ' Wjatch, ana "rend somo ; romnrks with referonco . , tho; Adelaide Local Court, and told Mr. . ..Ziogler that tho profession agreed with what was stud there 5 aud that-no rpspectablo prac titioner liked. to tnko'a ease into tho Court > .when Mri Ji Downer was on the other side. Ho had«also reooived other corroborative state ! roents,: He said this in vindication of his . .former remarks.;' . . ' ,. ? ^ Several members objected' to this mattor being brought up again, and particularly in Mr. ! Bundey's? abseuce, rind after a short discussion, ^ The CiiiieFeSecretnry moved~u Thnt it is do sirablo that a Bill should bo introduced for tho .formation of a railway t? Pprt Darwin." The : general scope of tho Bill was to fix the maximum ~ , miantity of land to bo 'givou, and to allow Cpeofilo-to tender for tho carrying out of this great work, .tho doing of which would bo of great advantago to tho coloiiyi.-. A considerable quantity of land would have to be grautod, and opinions might differ as to what1 would,con (Butute a'liberal grant of land, but he,hoped all ?would' approach the matter with d.gonumo do ''Biro to see tho work completed v The land would be givien in alternate Dlocks, but not on '1 ^ opposito sides of tho railway; and it was pro , i posed that ol all" minerals found on any of I the blocks gold, only should be resorvod to tho . Government. - The Bill would provide that tho work should b'o commoiiced at both ends, and { ' should bo continuously constructed from each end ; that the railway would be opened \vithin 14 years ; that not less than 100 miles should v " ' bo completed iii a year} and that a train should run - from each end at least twice a weok. It ' appeared to him that if tho'lino, started from Port Augusta >thoy wpuld soon connoct it with j.; s their present Northern railway. ? * . Mr, Borrow1 seconded tho motion, but whilst . 'Supporting itiio must protest against gold being reserved) as if thby did pot offer too much land ' 1 ;thoy should 'hot withdraw the . inducement afforded by tho chance of finding gold on tho land. Tho Chiol Secretary had omitted- to toll .nV. the House how many acres of land tho Govern ' ment intended,to give for every milo. of railway. Tho quantity tliq, iato Government proposed to offer was 80,000-acres. . . - ; Mr. Carr.felt doubtful as to'whether the work would poy. . , /V \- Mr.-Hughes would'liko the .Chief Secretary to' jbIIOW that tho\ population oftheoolonv would . .... justify the construction of'the'lino, ana to give ? tliem. reasonablo hopo thnt it would pny. Mr. Itamsay favored tho Bill. Ho hopod it ? .wouldbq a stipulation that' they would have to }'.work tho railway for fivo years beforoihoy could r 1 ; obtain the freehold; of. tho land. If constructed V <l'1 and trorkod for-, that . number, of y oars tho railway , ' 'inust necessarily be a lasting bonotit to tho ; country. (Hear, hear.) ~ ^j^ j.Tho i Treasurer; said n lJill dealing witli tho ..liv wasta lands must bo introduced as this mensuro was being introduced.; Tho Bill, ho told Mr. Hi >.,(Barrow, had been altered considerably from that prepared by the Into Government. Tho acreage per mils, of -railway .had not been mentioned, , - ^ut i tho .Government proposed to givo land " equivalent to tho post o! tho lino at.tlio rate of ^V.'pris. 6d. per aero. . j,,,, . Mr. Augiis was noi so sanguine as to tho pi' ^desirableness of constructing this i-ailwayas somo 'i ipersons appeared to bo, He poiutod out that ? f A'-vtho'minimum price of land in tho Northern Torritory wns-> 7s. 6d. per acre, and why.tho . price should bo rocluccd to 2s. Gd. whon, instead of receiving actual cash, the moneys was to bo V,,Ppeut i»(cpnstructiug.ft railway, ho was at a loss j ', . 'to understand, , v t ftj Mr. Ward said under tho Bill of last year a -. .company might havo constructed a railway for . S00 miles southward from Port Darwin, and so .' ssecured tho lapd in wliich^tho valuable gold dis ? ' ooveries had been made* and then abandoned . the work, but the Government should' not»part ' with the fee-simple of any of tho land until tho ' " tailway had been completed.. (Hear, hear.) He must say that tho rosorvation of gold might cause people to look upon tho Bill with favor, ? miwho would not otherwise.have done so, for with ? tlmt''reseiTation - they could form some idea of . tho Yftlue of tlie land. 1 Mr. West-Erskino favored tho Bill. Mr. Townsend, though in favor of a railway . . ? being constructed between this colony nnd Port ? 'i.Darwiii, said it should bo thrown open to tho. ; - world/' (Hoar, hear.) Tho llouso must guard . i ogainsti giving a vast quantity of land uwny i - which may be of-iuimenso valuo in after days. Ho hoped tho measuro .would bo eanfjlly watched,; . ! MfSsre. Duncan, Smith, Cai'r, Mortlock, and ' -Bootllby suppoi'tod tho motion, but refused to commit themselves to tho Bill. .,1 " .Tho resolution was carried, and tho Attornoy . ; General and Chief Secretary were appointed a Committee to prepare and bring in tho Bill. .A Bill to amend tho Murine Board Act was 1 read.a first timo. . Tho report of tho Committoo of .Supply on the | Supplementary Estimates was brought up and adoptod. \- Tho Railway Accommodation Bill and the . Oyster Fishery Bill passod their second read ings, Wednesday, Aufjusl 20. Mr, Bundey mado an explanation regarding Mr. Boucaut's - remarks on tho lirevious day. H6 denied "having said to Mr.'Ziogler that ho would not lmvo a ghost of n chance against the ; other side, ris Mr. Downer was employed. He did not recollect having read to Mr. Ziogler tho oommonts referred to in tho Border IVutcli, but ,.S> - might have dono so. Tho Uordar Watck ro forrod to was sont to him anonymously, and the 7 "strictures'in it were from an anonymous corres ,; pondont. Ho did not boliovo that ho said tho profession quito agreed with wjuit was said in tho JJordcr Watch, inasmuch as ho was of opinion tho cases therein roforrod to woro de : cided according to Jaw, and tho. inueiulo in tho artiolo thoreforo unjust. This statement Mr. Bundey supported by a lettor from ono of tho olorks in his offico, and read a socoud letter from another clork to show tlmt Mr. 2iegler doniod ..that Mr. Bundey said Mr. Ziogler Imd not a ghost of a clumco boforo Mr. Downeiv . ' i.- . Mr. Boucaut replied, and supported hfs state ? niont that Mr. Bundoy hud oxpressod iiinisolf as , ,dissatisflod with Mr. Downer, by citing several instances, In reply to Mr, Bootliby, tho Chiof Secretary . snid tlmt a sum of mouoy would bo placed on j tlie Estimntos for 1871 for the purpose of build ing a tologrnpli station at Moiiin»io, nnd that '.when completed tho operator from McGrath's iPlat would be removed to it. In reply to Mr. KriclmulF, tho Attorney General said that a Bill was prepared to remedy the dcfccts in the law against absconding dobtors, ' ; in accordanco with tho resolution of tho Inter colonial Confprenee of 1878. On tho motion of Mr. Wesk-Erslano loavo was granted to bring in a Bill to amend tho lm-» pounding Act .of 1858. _ TlioBill was laid on tlio table, mid road a first timo. Mr. Bouenufc movod-" 1. That in tho opinion of this llouso it is necessary that tlio vacancy in tlio office of Government Resident in tlio Northern Territory should bo immediately filkul, 2, Tliut tlio sum of «^l,i>00 per annum is a reasonable provision for tho person filling such an important ofiiec in a trojiioul ciiirmto." Tho motion was negatived, being looked upon as infringing upon tho pvovinco of tho Govern ment. Mr. Lake uioved-"That, in tlio opinion of this House, it is desirable to fix a prico for, and debit tho Northorn Territory account with every porson: going thither from any part or port of South Australia." IIo did not BOO any other way of meeting tlio difficulty occasioned by tlio loss of tho population wlneh was leaving tlio colony for tho Northorn Territory ; and ho could iiot seo what would bo tlfo result of the separation of that part of tho colony, which must inevitably como ; and it bochnic tho people of South Aus tralia to sco tlmt tlio Northern Territory account was dobitod with tho amount, and how it was to bo recovered. 1 Tlio motion nftor n hrief discussion was with drawn, tho Houso being of opinion that Mi'. Luke's proposition was impracficubio. Mr. Towiisend moved-"That it is expedient to reduco tho ohnrges for messages sent by Elcctrio Telegraph, between Adelaide and tlio Northorn Territory," ITo referral to tho ovi donco of Mr. Tocld, who hud said that tho lowering of tlio cost of sending telograms had been instrumental in increasing tho" rovonuo of tho colony from tlmt sourco. Tho present rates might bo reduced one half, and if this woro done, thero would probably bo ail i'nerenso in tho rovenuo. Tho only argument would bo that tlioy would linvo t^ increase t|io staff of operators, and ho thought this might be done so as to work tho lino day and night, 'The Chief Se'orotnry'thought tho moMon prematura. Tlioy could not reduco tlio charges until tlioy could got a corresponding reduction iii tlioso for enblo messages, as this line was used for all parts of tlio world. Ho could not consent to malco this reduction without doing tho sumo with messages for other parts of tho world passing along the line, and this could not bo dono at tho present time. After debate Mr. Townsend withdrew his motion, tho Government being opposed to it. The IMhvny Accommodation llill was taken out of Committod and reportod. Tho Houso then adjourned till Tuesdny, 