SUMMARY OF NEWS. The Southern Argus roports that on Monday last, as a little boy about eight years of age, son of Mr. Rowland Nutt, of New Hamburg, was cutting chaff, he accidentally got too near the connecting rod of the chaffcutter, and his clothes becoming entangled, he was drawn in among the machinery, and but for the presence of mind of a young man named W. Thomas, who immediately stopped the horses, nothing could have saved the lad's life. As it was, his clothes were literally torn from him in shreds. Fortu nately tho only injuries sustained were A few slight bruises. A Roman Catholic priest, who was convictod four years ago In Melbourne of an indecent assault, has now laid an Information for perjury against three of the witnesses. " A fow days ago," says tho Northern Argus, " a child about throo years of age, belonging to Mr. Curtis, Blaok Point, whilo playing outsido, received n Bovero sunstroke. Tho parents immediately brought tho littlo sufferer to Stanley Plat, so aB to bo convenient for the dootor j but in spito of romedies, tho little one died." The other day we noticed an article on Yankee cuteness, with reference to purloining tea from a wharf in Now York, but wo can now cite more than ono instanco whore maize left on Melbourno wharfs has been tampered with in tho samo manner by tho larrikins getting underneath and ripping- tho bags up, having another to receivo it; so wo have no need to go so far from home for suoh sharp prootiooa,-^Advertiser, Two sliooks of earthquake wero felt at Blinman at 9 p.m. on Saturday, 18th iust. A woolleu factory is ta bo established at Lftuncestou. Tho Kev.( J. It. Brennand. for uiany years Baptist minister at Portland, has removed, and the Rev, W. H, Garner for tv short timo sup plies tho vacant position. No further particulars aro to hand respect ing the death of, tUo man found near Sanuford lastwoek. W.R, Griffiths, tho wardsman at Melbourne Hospital has boou charged at tho City Court with oriminally assaulting a number of ohildren. The details are disgusting. ' , A singular incidont is recardod by iho .Otago Daily Times, A settler, while In a fit of in sanity, attempted to drown himself, but his two dogs held him abovo water till ho was resoued. The Wesloyan Conference at present being held in Sydney have appointed tho Rov. B. Chapman General Secretary of Missions, and also docidod to divide tho South Australian Dis trict into two districts, as recommended by tho Local Committeo. In 'the Wainui kidnapping case, recently heard in Sydnoy, Cnpt. Gay is committed for trial, bail allowed. Tho ovidenco of a sailor named Heath proved that 130 men and soven women had been stolen from tho Solomon Is lands and taken to Lovuku. Messrs. A. Hallett, J.P., J. H. Angas, M.P., H. T. Morris, J.P., and P. Haunaford, J.P., have beon elcctcd members of the Central Road Board. A tologram from Yam Creob, datod January 22, says fresh discoveries havo boon made at Pino Croek, 80 miles from there, Two lines of gold-bearing reefs lmve beon traced and 30 claims taken out. Nearly all the claims aro leased and in companios; and tho proprietors aro awaiting machinery and labor. Tho pros peots aro good. 517 out of tho 680 denominational schools of Yiotoria havo come under the new act. It is said.that Higgins, the lad missed from on board tho Oity of Melbourne on the passage from Sydnoy to Melbourno was ill and in his berth. To get into the sea he must havo squeezed himself through the cabin window a In Captain Grey of tho Qreat Britain, A capital snake story comes from New South Wales. The Pronoh always maintain that their troops at Waterloo were lieaten because their sonsitivo ears could not endure tho sound of the bagpipos. A snako has doveloped a similar disgust for the musio of the Gaol. All attompts to dislodge him from a house having proved ineffectual, a piper was produced. Scarcely had he got through lialf-a-dozeu bare than the poor reptile crept out of his liolo, and at once gave up tho ghost. Halford, Fayror, and tho rest must look to their laurels. Ellon Donovan, tho swindling landlady of Lauriston, has been arrested noar Melbourne. She told tho Bonoh, by whom slio was com mitted, that she luia recently raised £250 on mortgage. She gavo tho money to hor sister to bank, but tho sister misunderstood her and took tho money home. Tho prisohor not knowing this, aud belioving the money had been placed to her credit at tho bank, gavo cheques which turned out to bo valueless, Tho annual report of tho Directors of tho Bank ofiAdolaido shows that aftor full allowanco for all bnd debts, and writing off 10 per cent, for Bank premises and furniture accqtmt, there remains <£24,10117s. 4d. as net profit. Out of this, £8,750 has already been paid as an interim dividend, Tho Directors recommend that tho balance, <£16,851 17s. 4d., be disposed of thus .-Dividend on old shares for half-yoar, £8,750; dividend on now shares for half-year, £2,187 10s. ; to be tarried to tho credit of Reserve Fund, £2,410 8s, 10d.'; and that balance, £2,004 8s, 3d., bo carried forward to Profit and Loss acocouut for next hulf-year. Tho Roservo Fund will then amount to £37j544 18s. The Now South Wales Assembly lias negatlvod i Mr. Forster's motion in favour of secular educa tion, and ndoptod by a largo majority an amendment recommending that no change should bo mado in tho present educational systom. Nothing has yet been done towards settling the Nowcastlo strike. Tho masters will meet tho men in conference if tho latter so request, but they will firmly adhere to tho terms ugreed to by both sides in Dccomber lust. Tho action of tho men in dictating that the presont mines should bo worked only 10 hours daily, so as to bring others into operation, is considered an outrageous intorferonce. Several vessels linvo come to Sydney from Newcastle to lay up, Tho Bulli Company's new colliery has commenced work, which will toad to prevent a scarcity of coal in Sydnoy. Mr. Chichester, tho Governor of Tasmania's private secretary, had a narrow escape of losing his sight through boing hit by tho cork of a soda water bottle. Tho Commercial Bank of Sydney declares a dividend and bonus for last year equal to 20 per cent., tho City Bunk QUO of 7£ per cent. Tlio quarterly meeting of tlio Grand Master and Board of Directors of the I.O.0.F., M.U., was held at the Boardroom, Adelaide, on Tuesday. The balance- sheet, which was adopted, showed :-Widow and Orphan Fund-Total receipts, £706 9s. 6d. Expenditure on the death of 20 members, £570, General Fund Receipts, £79 15s. 4d.; expenditure, £89 8s, lid.; credit balances Widow and Orphan Fund, £17,'116 38. lOd. ; General Fund, £368 4a. 6d, Total, £17,784 8s. 4d, Tho stock account showed a profit of £22 Is. 4d. on tlio year's sales, and goods on hand as per valuation, £193 6B. lid. Ten years ago tho Widow and Orphan Fund wns worth £5,958 13s. 0d., and five years ago, £12,391 3s. 10d., thus displiwing a steady and marked progress of a fund from which the representatives of members at tho members' deaths receive from £20 to £35, according to the length of membership. During 1872, 69 olaims were mado because of deaths, and £1,925 was paid. Tho levies for the en suing quarter were fixed at Is. to tho Widow and Orphan Fuud, and 3d. per member to the General Fund. Peebles and Dunn, tho American spiritists, have loft Melbourno for New Zealand. Their visit to Australia has on tho whole been a signal failure, Tho Kennedy family purpose proceeding over land to Sydney, thence to Queensland, after that to South Australia, then to Tasmania and New Zoaland, mid back to Victoria in about a yoar. Professor Haselmayer has been challenged (the Melbourne Extprm says) for £100 to do suc cessfully tho ropo trick porformed the other evening by Dr. Dunn, The offer has been ac cepted ; and the professor is willing to have three times as much ropo used on him as was used on Dr. Dunn ; also that tho lights shall not bo lowerod, and no organ performance need tako place whilo he IB engngeu in tho tying-up operations, The affair will come off on the Professor's return from South Australia, A boy named Barry was bitten by a tiger snako at Mount Colo a fow days ago, The little fellow, who (says tho Ararat Advertiser) was fully alivo to the dangor, asked his sister to chop his finger off with an axe ; but this his mother with less nerve or prohaps more prudence than tho lad, would not permit. Barry then ran to a neighbour callod Pagot, and asked him either to take off the finger' or cut out the piece. Paget out out the pieco and applied gunpowder to the wound. Tho boy had tied a ligature tightly abovo the bite, and as not moro than a couple of minutes elapsed till thepiece was cut out, the poison had not had sufficient timo to tako effect. Tho most remarkable.thing in con nection with tho abovo was a dream that tho boy's father had on the evoning previous. He was at Stawell with timber, and droamt that hia son was bitten by a snake in the forefinger. The vision, if so it may be called, was so vivid that the man hurried back at onco, in the utmost state of anxiety, when ho found that the accident occurred precisely as it appeared to him in his sleep, TnB Dundee domestio servants have revive^ their efforts to establish a protection association Recently somo twenty of them met the office* boarors of the Trades Council, in Mather's hotel. Mr. Key, the chairman, presided, He urged the girls to form a union, as he considered that was the only means by which wages could be raised and " snoakB" abolished. Another male speaker advanced against the present long hours to whioh the servant-maids were subjected that they were prohibited from seeing their sweethearts. A servant said that since tho last agitation the mistress had taken care that they were not per mitted to see tho papers. Beforo coming to any resolution, it was agreed to hold meetings in the suburbs, ROBE DISTRICT POUND.-.Impounded at the Robo District Pound-One flea-bitten maro, lump undor jaw, branded 7o (ES under) near shoulder, o near thigh. If not claimed, will be sold January 31,1873, at noon, ALEXANDER CAMPBELL, Poundkeeper. MOUNT MUIRUBAD POUND.-Impounded at the Public Found, Section 552, Hundred of Mount Muirhenc'-One bay mare, like writing A and D conjoined with-over near shoulder, and 2 near thigh, If not claimed, will be sold January 27, 1873, at noon, by a Magistrate's order.-A. H. BELLINGER, Poundkeeper. LAOEPEDB POUND.-Impounded at tho Fublio Pound, Soction 516, Hundred of Lace* pede-Ohostnut entiro, small star, branded like 2 near shoulder; roan mare, white face, four white feet, D near shoulder; nay mare, star, no visible brands j chestnut horse,, near fore and off hind feol'yvliitp.-QQjieftr shoulder, a off rump, J near rump} olack mare, star, like M- with a under off shoulder, If not claimed, will be sold February 17,1873, at noon, Nicoi MOINTYSE, Poundkeeper. GAMBIEII EAST.-Impounded attheGumbier East Pound-Bay filly, about twenty months old, small stripe on face, if branded not visible. If not claimed, will bo sold February 17, 1873, at noon. P. MOMATION, Poundkeeper. 