Hi. WEST-EBSK1NE thought the Govemmenj ? nut now have caught the tone of the House, anc fa«ped that more attention would be paid to tb- blacks in future. Tbe Chic! Secretary said be die not know how he formed his opinion ; but the Chiei Secretary never knew what a daj's hanger was and therefore could not foim a proper opinion ci rocb a subject. As the esteemed relative of the nitmber for West Adelaide said k bis well-known song, the Chief Seaetarj was like one ' whose belly is like a heai cf wheat set about with lillies.' (Laughter and Mr. Solomon — 'How's the moon?'— laughte*.) The blacks of the Far North were beinj deprived of a great deal of country through tht mJBeiocaries at Kopperaznana. They occupied i Jsige quantity of country up there. (No.) He die not know whether it was as Protectors of Aba riRines or otherwise. Mr. PEARCE tnocpht the hon. member's state meet oncht to be fortified, as he had never heard trcm other sources that the missionaries were injuiinKthe blacks. They went there for the pur tose of benefiting them. He rose for the purpose of wking if thoee hon. members who had occupied the time in reference to this matter intended to more that the amount should be increased. Mr. ANGA8 should be 7ery glad to propose an increase if he had power to do eo. but be could not. The tniy office that could be united with that of Protector of Aboriginees was tiatoi .Pro tector of Timber, and he could then prevent the ratting down of saplings that were zrowing from stumps of trees which had been cut down where umber was scarce. Mr. PEAECK asked if it would be in order to utrike out Stipendiary Magistrate and insert Protector of Forests. The CHAIRMAN.-Certainly not The proper way would be to move that the item be postponed, ind an address presented to the Governor for an additional amount. Mr. WATTS asked the Chief Secretary if he had received a rtprestn'-atiou from the Sub-Protector that the blending of offices had interfered with his dnties. He bad always understood that he per formed his duties in a most efficient manner. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blylh) said he bad nof^ieived any such communication. Mr. EOuiSsw^ Euggested that there should be more reserves along the coasts for the purposes of liihing. There rare such representations made by the natives of 'iorke's Peninsula when the sur veyors were there, but he was not aware whether they had been attended to. Mr. WKST-ERSKIXE— If they sent one or two representatives to the House they would do wisely. He knew they had exercised the franchise— (dear, bear)— and he did not know that he should not try and induce them to come and fight their own tattles. He thouaht the member for Barossa, him self, and others who had brought forward grievances affecting the aborigines had not been fairly treated by the Government. They had not the great flow of language which many people had who lived in tbe city. It could not be expected that boshmen should sr-e3k with such fluency as a person who had devoted his life to speaking about nothing. (Laughter.) Be was glad to find the Chief Secre tary had made enquiries in reference to the com plaint he made on a former occasion. Mr. CARE felt sure the Ministry would be glad to meet the viewB of the House by promoting as far as possible the comfort of the aborigines, and that the necessity for it being shown they would exceed the amount put down. It was not only blacks, but white persons in the country districts who suffered from the bad quality of the rations supplied. If a little more supervision were exer cised it would be all the better. It was desirable that rations should be supplied rather more exten sively than they were through the squatters. There was one item, however, that was ra:her too liberal. That was the expenditure of £40,000 for the use of the aborigines in crossing the Muiray. (Laughter.) Mr. BOOTHBY had found the blacks very aDt in picking up certain kinds of work, and taougnt a good deal might be done by teaching them trades. He considered the police should be the protectors, and moved that the line be struck out. The item was passed. Military defences, £405. Mr. A5GAS thought it was a Iar^e sum for dusting and polishing arms, and he did not know of aoy other duties. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Son. A. Blyth) Eaid there was property of very large value to bs kept in proper state, beside the supply of arms for the Police, and altogether the duties of the armourer were very multitudinous. Mi. ANGAS— Then the heading was wrong. Mr. PEABCE-Surely £405 was a very small sum for the whole of cur military defences. (Laughter.) Passed. XXX Postal and telegraph services, £43,684. ^Mr. HUGHES said they were asked to raise the pay of the daily labourers and five heads of departments, and he thought it was a proper time to say to the Ministry— firmly but respectfully— that they declined to do that, and leave out the general body of the civil servants. The Post master-General with £700 a year, house, forage allowance, fuel, and light could not be in any urgent necessity of any immediate increase. The most pressing case he had heard described by the Chief Secretary, in far more moving terms than he could employ, was the clerk with a wife and family to support on £120 a year. He was not contend ing that the higher officers should not be raised, but it was only fair that they should share the fate of their under officers. He therefore moved the line Postmaster-General stand £350. ^Mr. BARROW should be very sorry in a thin House to precipitate a question of this importance, and thought it would be well the House should resume. The decision on this would govern them in many other items. He was exceedingly sorry the Government had not brought down a Civil Service Bill (Hear, hear.) He agreed with Mr. Hughes that they should deal with the officers as a whole, and not grant an increase to one pet of each Minister, and leave the others out in the cold. There was another question. He thought the duties of Postmaster-General should be separated from those of Superintendent of Telegraphs. It was impossible one man could discharge the duties of both. No one was more ready than he to bear testimony to the zeal and energy of Mr. Todd. But before the Transcon tinental Telegraph was constructed, and when the local telegraphs were not nearly so extensive as now, it was thought necessary to have the whole of Mr. Todd's service to superintend the Telegraph Department; and now, when the work had doubled or trebled, one man was placed at the head of the Post-0ffice and Telegraph Departments. He meant, if he had the opportunity, to take the sense of the House upon the question, but he did not think it was wise to go on in such a thin House. ^Mr. ROGERS agreed with Mr. Barrow that the Telegraph and Post- Office Departments should not be under one man, and he thought the increase of salary should be given to the Chief Secretary, who was really Postmaster- General, and did the work. He did not feel satisfied at seeing a few officers singled out for a rise. (Hear, hear) If they were going to raise salaries they should deal with their own officers first, and increase the salary of the Speaker, who had been reduced by £100. He hoped the Government would postpone the item. ^Mr. CARR was disposed to dispute the accuracy of Mr. Rogers. No doubt when Mr. Todd was in the Northern Territory his duties had to be dis charged by his subordinates, who did them well, but he now attended to them himself, and was to be found performing his duties in his proper place. He believed he performed his double duties well, and he did not think there was any necessity for precipitating a multiplication of high-class officers. While exercising a judicious liberality they should exercise a judicious economy, and before making such an increase they should see whether they could deal similarly with the other civil servants. The subject should be treated as a whole and not piece meal. He thought the Government should adopt Mr. Barrow's suggestion that the House should resume, in order that the item might be considered in a full House on a Government day. Perhaps if decided to-day it would only lead to reconsideration. ^The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said the Government did not want to press their business on a private day, and he would therefore move that the Home resume. ^The House resumed, and the Committee ob tained leave to sit again next day. > PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) laid on the table Further report by the Surveyor-General on Forest Reserves. To be printed. The House adjourned at 10 minutes pa -t 5 o'clock till next dayat2p.rn. PAIR Thursday, November C, Road Bill, second read jLg.— For, Mr. Laurie ; against, Mr. Ramsay. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, JNOVEMBER 1'^. The SPEiKEB tcok the Chair at 2 o'clock. THE ADELAIDE HO3PITAL. Mr. KttiUUAUJW aeked tbe Chiet secretary whether a burgeon bad jet Lean appointed at the Adelaide Hospital. Ilia reason was that it was stated that, some one was likelv to be auutnnted wno lately nau to give up practice because or dju health. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) had noticed the advertistmeut of the Committee of Management for a Surgi.ou, but he had not yet leceived any advice on the subject. TRANSIT OF VENUS. Mr. WEST-EKtiElNE asked the Chief Secretary whether the Government were taking any steps tor having the transit of Venus observed. The CHIEF SECKETAliY (!lou. A. Blyth) said tie Government hail taken no steps on the subject. He i!ctic:d that in the neighbouring colonies eome action ha'l been taken. He would make enquiries, an-l give fuller itfonnation on a subsequent day. BOUNDARY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA AND VtCrOKLV. Mr. BAB LOW asked whether any arrangement ha J been u.adc for rising tbe boundary between this colony and Victoria. The CHIEF SECBLTARY (Uou. A. Blyth) said seme considerable time ago an arrangement w.is rca^e that the boundary should be fixed by the Victorian Astronomer, Mr. Ellery, and the Superin tendent of Telegraphs in Soulh Australia The erecticn of the overland tekgraph entirely took up 51 r. 1 odd's time, but ou that being completed negotiations were again entered iuto with VlCtorii, and enly jesUnky he wrote for tbe third time, requeuing tbat instructions mi^ht be given to Mr. Vl'eiy to confer with Mr. Todd, who was ready to undertake the wotk. LICENSING OF SHAEEBBOKEES. Mr. BAKEOW asked the Attorney-General 'is it the intention of tbe Government during the present sesticn to introduce the Bill prepared by the late Ministry (or any other similar measure) for registering and licensing sharebrokers.' The ATTORNEY- GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) replied :— ' The Government do not propose to in troduce a measure of that nature during the pre sent session.' DESPATCHES RE EMIGRATION. Mr. KRICHAUFF moved ''lliat copies oi the despatches from the Emi gration Agent on the Bubject of emigration, referred to in his despatch of the 7th August, 1S73, especially on the subject cf selecting emigrante, be laid on the table of this House.' He referred hon. members to the Emigration Agent's despatch of 22nd January, 1873. in which he said—'! would respectfully suggest for your consideration whether it would not be well to publish my October despatch and the present one for public information.' And again, in a despatch of August he suggested that the October despatch should be published in order to remove an impres sion that certain fat t pa were taken in sekctiug emigrants which never had been and never could be taken by auy of tbe colonial Emigration Agents. He therefore thought it would ba well if the dc pcatch was laid on the table. Carried. PORT PIRIE RAILWAY. Mr. LINLSAY moved— 'That there be laid on the table of this House detailed estimate* showing the difference of cost lwtween a 3 ft. 6 in. and a 5 ft. 3 in. line from Port Pirie to Gladstone, under the following heads, viz. :-£aith works (quantity and price); sleepers; ballast; rolling-stock, say for a traffic of 15,000 toes per annum.' lie btheved there was roreal difference between the engineers on the question involved, and that if theie was any apparent difference it was owinj to a mistake somewhere. Mr. ROGERS seconded. His own opinion was that there was not such a difference as some people thought between the cost of a narrow and broad gauge railway. The COMMBSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said if the hon. member would agree to add after Gladstone 'also from Port Wakefield to Kadiiia'-(Hear, hear)-the Govern ment would have no objection to the motion. If he hen. member wished for «peedy information i e would have to take it from the data the Eogi oeer-in-Chief at present had in his possession, as if he were to go over the Work again it would be three tteeksor a month before he could give the exact ii formation. Mr. RAMSAY remarked that it would only add U) the expense aud delay if the words suggested by the Commissioner were added. He supposed they would be able to ascertain the relative cost of the gauges as well if they took one line as if they tcok 20. Mr. COTTRELL moved that the words sug gested by the Commissioner of Public Works be added, as they would give fuller information. Mr. CARR supported the motion, and thought the amendment an improvement. He scarcely wondered at the hon. member asking for the information, because it was a matter of doubt with mary members whether there would be a differ ence of jELCOO per mil* in constructing the line on tbe narrow and broad gauge, provided the lines were similar in character. Mr. Lindsay had con vinced him that there was a great deal more truth in his statements than he once thought Mr. WEST-ERSK1NE thought hon. members should support the motion, because a member of the Government elsewhere had confessed that cer tain Railway Bills had been passed by them without sufficient irfoimaticn. As his colleague said, the relative cost might be ascertained on the one level: but where the nature of the country on tbe two differed so much he did not think a fair com parison could be drawn unless the cost of both was estimated. Mr. BEES said his astonishment at the estimate of the Engineer-in-Chief had been to some extent modified by Mr. Patterson's statement that it was only an approximate one, and founded on the idea that a 50-lb. rail would be used. He thought it would be better to adhere to the motion as it stood, and ba» the estimate based on the plans before the House. Mr. LINDSAY had much pleasure in accepting the amendment. He would be quite satisfied with tbe estimates being made upon the data now in possession of the Er-gineer-in-Chief. The motion was amended and carried. JETTY AT POINT MACLEAY. Mr. BCOTHBY moved— 'That there be laid on the table of this House an estimate of the cost of constructing a jetty at Point Macleay. as contained in the prayer of Petition No. 4t-.' He did not care to ask fcr a sum of money for this work, which was much required, until an estimate was given by a competent man. Mr. WE&T-EBSKINE; seconded. If this jetty were constructed the settlers would be able to send ibiir wheat by water a very *hort distance across to Milan?, instead of at present having to send it 50 or 60 miles to SUathalbjn. Mr. RAMSaY said Point Macleay was a native settlement, and it ought to have the same facilities for shipping prcduce as any other place. *!r. KRICHAUFF' knew that at present there was great difficulty in shipping, evoi passenger? at Point Msdeay. aud if a Luxe expenditure would not be needed it n as very desirable tUe jstty should be'erected. fer. P1CKKB1NG could bear testimony to what hsd been laid by Mr. Krichauff. The work would cost little acd was rery much, wanted. Mr. JJSUf AY would support the motion for the hbm rum adraoosd by ctim boa membtrs that he had beenlat Point Macksj and knew tbat tbe work would cost Ttry little. Carried. IXPKNSK ON PABIilAJaOrr BUILDINGS. Mr. BOOTBBY moved 'That a return be laid on the table of this House of all moneys expended in coostiuetion or repairs of the present Parliament Buildinff.' He thought that it would be a very interesting thing when in the hands of hon. members, as no person among them was aware of tbe amount that sad been spent. * . The COMHISSIONBB oi PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. & Bright) thought such a return was laid on tbe table some time ago. bat if not the Government would see that the information was furnished. Mr, BOUCAUT wished to ask the Chief Secre tary as soon aa possible to lay on the table the report of the Select Committee upon tbe Parlia mentary Building Scheme, and trusted tbat some* thins would be found in the report to cause action to be taken at once to free them from the diffi culties under which they laboured in so small a Carried. JETTY AT PORT WILLUNGA. Mr.CASBmoved 'That a copy of the report on the secessity for extending the jetty at Port Willunga, with estimate of cost of such extension, be laid on the table of this House.' A deputation waited on the Commissioner some time ago upon tbiB question, and since he believed a survey had been made. At least a professional man from the office of the Engineer-in-Chief had been at tbe place, and he presumed the Com missioner had a report. Carried. EOAD THROUGH COBOMANDEL VALLEY. Mr. CARR moved— ' That a return be laid on the tableof this House, showing the amounts expended ia construction of road through Coromandel Valley, as recom mended by Select Committee, and by whom ex pended, with report of present state of the road, and estimated cost of completing iu construction.' On a recent occasion there had been considerable ifference of opinion bstween himself and the Commissioner of Public Works in reference to the amount recommended by a Select Committee to be expended on this road, and he wished to have infouxation. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said the Government would pet oppose the motion, but he bad quoted from information which he had no doubt was correct. Mr. CARE— The hon. member h.idat least made one mistake in saving that the Select Committee uad recommended a grant of £2,0(0 when it was £3100 Carried. LANDS EAST OF TILE BURRA. Sir. REES moved— 'That plan?, correspondence, and all reports elative to lands east of the Burra be laid on the able of this House.' He explained after the definite answer that had been made by the Chief Secretary a fortnight since 60\. this question that he brought forward his moticn because bis constituents were not satisfied. Die laud was outside Guyritrs Rainfall, and the lion, member had added that it was thoroughly unfit for agricultural purposes ; but as good a crop of grain as was now standing was to be found only fenced off from this land by a wire fence. He thcugbt the information would be given, and pointed out to the Government that they had nothing to do with how a man should expend his money, and therefore need not enquire if persons at the Burra wished to try and farm this land. Mr. SIMMS had been through the country spoken of by Mr. Bees, and had seen tbe crop he bad alluded to, and did not tbink he would have stated it was so good if he had seen it himself. The crop would be a loss to the person who had put it in. The whole of the laud between the Burra and tbe Murray was not only not within Goyder's rain gauge, but was very seldom visited by rain, and totally unfit for sguculture. The CHIEF BECKETARY (Hon. A. BIytb), as the lion, member had said, knew that it was no part ol the duty of a Government to tell people Iiow they should inv* st their money ; hut what he had stated was not of his own knowledge, but from infoimation he had from the department*. He wished to know what particular lauds Mr. Rees referred to. Mr. BEES— All lands surveyed cast of the Burra. Mr. CAER was plail to hear another instance of land supposed to le useless turning out so profitable for agriculture. It proved that the Burra should he the terminus of the railway line, and not Farreli's Flat. Mr. REES thought, after hearing Mr. Simms's icrr.aiks, that it was as well to hear both sides of a csse. as one of his constituents had told him before Le came up to the House that it was excellent land east of the Burra for agriculture, and that a plough could be driven for three miles at a Btretcn. He wag sorry Mr. Pearcc, who took a lively interest in this matter, was not present. He had heard itsaid that a pastoral tenant had been losing heavily on his land in this direction for some years, and if it were for nothing else but to prevent him losing more it should be put up to selection. Carried. EDUCATION BOARD EXAMINATION PAPERS. Mr. REESmoved ' That copies of all examination-papers set at the last examination of the Education Board for second and third class certificated teachers be hud on the table of this House.' He pointed out that on a previous occasion he had urged that as tbe tc;-cbers would be considerably benefited by the Education Bill, they should be asked to pass stricter examinations than the present, which were from the three R's up to one of the lowest standards. Much discussion had taken place on the subject in the papers, and he bad thought it would be well that the information should be furnished. Carried. OFFICES OF PROFIT BILL Tbe second reading was called on and lapsed. LICENSED VICTUALLERS AMENDMENT BILL. Clause 2. Fact of holding a publican's or wine licence not alone to entitle holder to fresh nor renewals of such licences to be granted in every case as a matter of course. Mr, CARR moved that this clause be struck out, as he intended to move the insertion of a new clause in its stead now upon the files. Tbe clause was negatived. The preamble was passed. The title was passed. On the motion cf Mr. CARK the Bill was recom mitted. Mr. CARS moved to insert a new clause to fellow clause I, and pointed out that it was to over ride the Act of 1852; which required that notice should be given in the case of action, being taken against bouses. The clause said that the renewal might be opposed and refused on the ground that the bouse for which the renewed licence was applied for was not required for the accommodation of the public. ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) suggested that the word 'publicans' should be inserted before 'licences,' as there were other Mr. CARR would adopt the amendment. The amendment was carried. Mr. SIMMS wished to move an addition to. the dause: 'Provided tbat nothing herein contained shall interfere with old licensed houses.' The CHAIRMAN thought that was beyond the & ope of the measure. The ATTOLNET- GENEEAL (Hon. C. Mann) did not think so, but at any rate the hoc. member had a right to move the amendment, and could alter the title of the Bill afterwards. Mr. CARR did not think such a provision was of an/ use in the Bill Mr. SIMMS thought it would prevent any mis conception as to the effect of the Bill. He would therefore move it The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) pointed out that the amendment should be— 'Pro- vided that nothing heiein contained shall be con strued to affect the rights of any houses for which licences shall have been granted prior to the 1st of July, 1874.' Mr. SIMMS would move that amendment Mr. CAKU had no serious objection to urge to the provision, only that it was not required, as the title of the Bill showed that it did not deal with cases of houses licensed before the 1st July, 1S74. If the Attorney- General said that tbe amendment was really required he would give way. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) could not Eay that there was much use in the amendment, but it would at least make assurance doubly sure. Mr. WEST-EBSKINE was not quite sure what the effect of tbe amerjument would be. There was possibly more in it than they could see. (No, and laughter.) The amendment was likely to defeat the object of the Bill- (No)-and if it had that object Mr. Carr would be right in oppoeiug it. Mr. COTTRfcLLsaid the intention of the House was that the Bench should have no power to remove old licences, and he thought it would bo wel! to allow the amendment to be added, a3 it would show that vested interests were protected. Mr. PICKETING did not like the smile of the Attorney-General, (Laughter.) He liked to sec mofct rten's smiles, because he knew they were bappy.' (Laugliter.) He hoped Mr. Carr and every other member would look carefully at theameari meet asd gc for the clause as introtiucid. » the amendment save sanction to vested intereate. (Mr. S;irms— 'So it ought.') Mr. Cottrell wa-i. inteietUd in prtfic-bcu/e?, but lie hoped thai* who were tut would op;*o.-e this step htinu takeu He would rather lose tee Dili tbau tint the aaiemi tLent fehculd Le cerried. Mr. STKVDfBONssid the clause affirmed that aUiw licences grantedafterJoJy, 1874. ahoaldbe Placed in a different position to those granted before, and that they might be opposed and whw if not wanted. The proposed pnmso would do no bam, and looking at it in that way.be was diSMscdtowreetoit. Mr. WEKtERSKINE thought the amendment would cany the implied right of houses at present epstmg to a renewal, or that construction might b*. Pa* on it; and that was where the danger existed. He saw Mr. SteTesson smile. Wheuhe uw lawyers smile in that bland wsy he always looked »t them m he did-(Hear, hear, and l»ni{b»«r)-at the 'Heathen Chinee.' (Laughter.) Ihe ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said the* were fighting for shadows. By tbe words of the clause it followed as a matter of course tbat licences granted previous to the -fafr mentioned should have a right of renewal whether wanted for the accommodation of the public or not Tbe proviso did not carry it a single step further, but rather weakened it. But if Mr.Simma wished it inserted he had no objection, and he would ask Mr. Carr not to oppose it, Mr. BSKS said if they were fighting for Bhadows the best course was to omit the amendment altogether. (Mr. West-Enkine-' Lay the ghost' and laughter.) He did not see the force of the BOI, and the more be looked at it the more he regarded it as perfectly abortive of tbe purpose of the bra. member for Noarlunga. All those with whom he had any converse regarded it as a mere nothing, and they were thoroughly uninterested in it as far as Permissive Bill advocacy was concerned. The Bill as drawn by Mr. Carr would have a ten dency to postpone the Permissive Bill to an even more remote date than that to which it was post poned already. The principle of the Permissive BUI. to his mind, was that the public should not deal with one interest-raise one class against another; but deal with all interests in the liquor traffic This Bill recognised all interest up to date and defeated the Permissive Bill interest He would ask the hon. member to withdraw the Bill. Mr. BUGHE8 said the Bench at present did not feel at liberty to entertain an objection to a house that was cot needed for the accommodation of the public. The effect of the Bill was to declare that from the date mentioned the Bench should be at liberty to entertain any objection. Mr. Carr wa* quite right in getting a distinct point from which time these objections might be taken. What was the effect of tbe amendment? The Attorney General eaid it was a shadow; but where was the substance? The effect of the amendment would be to confirm the present debatable point— that which was now an open question. He thought they had better leave it an open question altogether, 3nd he would advise Mr. Carr to reject the amend ment or throw out the Bill. No one who saw the Attorney-General senile would hesitate to say there was danger in that smile. (Laughter.) The ATTOKNEl'-GENEKAL (Hon. C. Mann) dissented from the statement that it was a debat able point. There wa3 a judgment of the Supreme Court that publicans were entitled to a renewal. Ihe proposed atmndment did not carry the amendment a single step forwari and had no positive effect upon the Bill, aud that was why he said it was a shadow. Mr, RAMSAY could speak without prejudice, being neither a brewer nor owner of public-houses. He would support the amendment, because ha thought they should make the laws as distinct as possible, 'ibere had been a great defect in the matter heretofore, as might be seen from the pro ceedings in the Supreme Court. The amendment would mrkethe clause unmistakably plain, and he did not see anything at all behind the shadow which had been spoken of. He hoped the hon. member would r.ot be frightened because ;!id amendment csme from a gentleman connected with vested interests, because his honour and veracity were unimpeachable. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HUGHES said they were now askel to make law what was not law. The Supreme Court had niade a decision, and they were asked to confirm it; but there was no doubt that Judges' decisions were not law. He really did not think because a house bad been licensed for the accommodation ot the public it should, although now unsuited, be liceDsed Id perpetuity. He would rather leave it an open question, and leave it to the Bench to take the responsibility of granting a licence or not. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Ulyde) was sincere in supporting the BUI, and he did not think the amendment insidious. It would have no effect, but if Mr. Simms preferred to have the clause lather longer he 1 a«l not the slightest objection. Ihe AlTOKNi.tf-UfcNEBAL (Hod. O. Mann) said that a decision of the Supreme Court was law; but he would also quote the Act of Parliament, which said, 'Provided that when a licence ia once granted to a person, such person shall be entitled to a licence as a matter of course, unless it is shown to tbe licensing Bench that he has lose his good character.' Mr. HUCHES— That wiii make this amendment entirely unnecessary. Mr. SIMMS said if the amendment had no effect why oppose it? A majority of the House bad given the hon. member permission to intro duce the Bill, and he would endeavour to make it perfect as far as possible. It was ouly fair to Bhow thrse who would carry out the details in another place what was the intention of the Bill. Mr. CAUE asked the Chairman whether the amendment would necessitate any alteration iu the title The CHAIRMAN said he did not think that was hardly a question for the Chairmau to decide, but he was inclined to think no alteration in the title was necessary. Mr. HUGHES said the clause quoted by the Attorney-General referred to persons, not premises. (Hear, hear.) What had tbat to do with the pre sent case? Them was a great distinction to be drawn, and he thought, as he said before, that there was something very startling in tbe smile of the Attorney-General. (Laughter.) He thought it would be dangerous to accept his opinion without a fee. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) would like to know what was the use of a mau Laving a licence unless he had premises. The words proposed weie added, and the clause was inserted in the Bill. The House resumed, the Bill was reported, and tbe consideration of the report was made an Order for tbat cay week. KEKOS1NE BILL, The SPEAKER reported receipt of ame£ia;e from the Legislative Council, giving a re ison for insisting upon their amendment in the Kerosine Bill to which tbe Assembly had disagreed. The reason was ordered to be taken into consi deration next day. OATHS COMMISSIONS BILL. In Committee. Clause 1. Passed. Clause 2. Penalty for refusal to be sworn. Mr. WEST-ERbKINE moved to insert 'tea pounds.' Mr. LAKE opposed tbe clause, ai the tendency of the age was to dp away with oaths altogether. The words were inserted, and the question that the clause as amended stand was put, and de clared carried. Mr. LAKE called for a division :— Atis, 13— The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, Messrs. Boothby, Cottrell, Hughes, Lin 1. ay, Pickering, Ramsay, Simms, Stevenson, Townsend, Watts, and West-Enkine (teller). NOES, 4— Messrs. Carr, Rogers, Smith, and Lake (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. Tbe remaining clauses of tbe Bill, preamble, and title were passed. The House resumed, and the consideration of the report fixed for that day week. BUILDING BILL. Mr. COTTEELL, for Mr. Solomon, moved that tl is be an Onler of tbe D&.y lor November 19, aa tl.e Bill was cot jet in print. Carried. GLENELG BATHING BILL. In Committee. Clause 1 was reconsidered, verbally amended, and passed. The House resumed, aud the con sideration of the report was made aa Order of the Day for next day. CONSTITUTION AMENDMENT BILL. Consideration in Committee of Council's amend ments. Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) moved that the amendments be agreed to. The first and third were only to substitute word ??section' for 'elsuse,' the second was to strike out the proviso relative to varying the titles of Ministers. He was not particularly wedded to the present titles, but as they had been so frequently referred to in past Acts it might lead to some con fusion if they were changed. The CHAIRMAN put the question that the amendments be agreed to, inasmuch as they did cot affect the money clauses, or materially affect the principles of the Bill. Carried. SUPPLY.-THE ESTIMATES. Lunatic Asylum, £5,256 13s. 9d The TREASURER (tton. L. Glyde) Baid the increase in this item had been unanimously recom mended by tbe Board of Visitors. Mr. AN GAS was sorry to see an increase amounting to £1,200 a year in this department Tbe increase of lunacy he believed was greatly attributable to the unrestrained sale of liquor, mote especially, unwholesome strongly fortified colonial wice, which was disposed of under theSOs. licences. He should be glad to know whether the inmates were in excess of the previous year. Tbe TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) was sorry to eay they were. The increases recommended by tbx Board of Yiiitois had been strongly supported by Dr. Pattrsou. ....:» The item was passed. Destitute Poor. £9,414 lls. Id. Passed. Cemeteries, £??£ 10*. ? '- . Sir. ANGAS noticed an item 'expenses attead icfl country cemeteries.' He should like to know what ctrr.cleties were visited. The- VhlEY BUKETAKY (Hro. A. Blyth) sal! lie tote km fcr Llwur, tot-U, trees, and sundries, «ndes expenjet of raiting country cameteno. lost of the cemeteries were under tbe control of district Councils. It was not the duty of the Superintendent of Cemeteries to visit them, bat in cases where the Governor was required w exerase the power of closing cemeteries in U«e country the Superintendent was sent to report ou . the subject. Mr. HUGHES asked the Chief Secretary if it was not understood that cemeteries in to wna would be dosed, but tbe Walkerville Cemetery was kepfc up in the midst of a town, though frequently com plained Of. -Hi The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. A. Blyth) said under the Cemeteries Act there wu no power to close any cemetery on memorial beinjc sent to the Governor. Mr. BABKOW eaid the head officer in this department was Superintendent of Cemeteries generally, and he thought it was part of his duty o visit country cemeteries to some extent (The Chief Secretary— 'Whenever he is wanted.') Mr. BAMSAY said that the Superintendent was allowed forage allowance, for which it appeared be was obliged to keep a horse, but hi had never heard of him visiting any cemetery yet. The item was passed. Aborigines, £2,457. Mr. WEST-EKSKItf E was glad to see this itettt ?ad been increased to the extent of £250 a year, or as lands were enclosed the hunting-grounds of the aborigines were diminished in extent, and their needs should be recognised in a more substantial way than at present. He suggested, in view of he great destruction of timber in the creeks in the North, that the Protector of Aborigines should bo made protector of timber, aa he must necessarily travel about the district which was so rapidly being denuded of trees. He would ask the Chief Secre tary to make a note of that; but although he made agrcat many notes, they heard very little of them Mr. BARROW should like to knowjrb.etb.er any portion of this vote was going to Queb%Menart— laughtert-as they had heard a gwatAl of Her Msjesty lately. He should also lis#to know whether arrangements had been made for issuing blankets and clothing to the aborigines at seasons of the year when the? were most required. -ecause he had heard when they did not want them they were supplied with them; also what were the duties of the Sub-Protector in Adelaide. There were very few aborigines in Adelaide, and he never saw any under the care of a Protector. Mr. WEST-EKSK1NE pointed out that no hard and-fast line could be drawn as to the period when blankets should be distributed, as it waa winter in Mount Gambler when it was summer in the Far Forth. Mr. RAMSAY had beeu infoiined thai tha jlankcts were of verv ooor oualitv. almost u thin oo ubiiiuk ukv*, accpiug VCJJ UlUC WUlUUUt BUUnO : water. He did not know that blankets could nob be got as cheaply made in the colony as imported. He could not see the necessity; for a Sub-Protector in Adelaide, and thought his salary might be saved by a clerk doing extra duty. Mr. CARB thought that the Sub- Protector might see that the rations supplied were fit for human use. Fiour had been served to the aborigines at Clarendon which was more fit for pigs than for mman beings, and could not be used by the blacks. Ihe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said some time ago he had taken a note in re ference to the tender for blankets, and had asked what time they were called, suggesting that even if celonial-maae blankets were dearer they might -e had in preference to the imported if they were found to be better. The £250 had been put on the Estimates in consequence of the blankets having to be paid for during the first half of the year. He would call the attention of the Sub-Protector to the cose at Clarendon, and also inform him of the duty which he had to perform in seeing that proper rations were provided at other places. The tenders for the present year bad been accepted for the blankets; but he hoped next year that the person who proposed manufacturing blankets in the province would tender and be successful. Mr. SOLOMON gaid it was the duty of the person who had charge of the provisions to have returned the Hour to the. contractor, and pur chased other at any cost, as tbat was according to the terms of the contract. : Mr. AIs'UAS had two or three times before impressed upon the Government the desirability of having a person doing duty as Protector of Aborigines in the Far North, for the protection which we now gave to the blacks was a delusion and a sham. It was said that they must disappear -efore the white man, but that was a reason why the whites should do all they could to make their position as easy as possible. The present Protector in the North, who was also Stipendiary Magistrate at Blinman, could not carry out the duties of both positions, and there were outrages committed in the North, which if perpetrated near Adelaide would result in the perpetrators being brought before a Couit of Justice. He had heard of one instance where a boy had been taken away from a place 400 or 500 miles up the country — ha supposed he might say kid-japptd-und brought down into the white settlements by a teamster, and he had also heard of another cace where a black woman had complained that her son had been taken away. As far as he knew, the rations bad been generally good, and in a place like Clarendon, visited by very ew blacks, the stores might have been damaged from standiog a considerable time. lie heped that if the Government found themselves imposed upon they would not renew the tenders, He would also urge upon the Government the advisability of having the rations distributed in the country inetead of in the townships, where the natives were led into drinking to a great extent, in spite of the law which forbade licensed victuallers to gire them intoxicating liquors. If the Sub-Protector had leisure sufficient he might be provided with forage for a horse, so as to visit places witbin a hundred milos of Adelaide; for it was quite impossible that the Protector in the North could come within that range. The natives were not now looked after at alL (Hear, hear.) He hoped that when the next Estimates were brought down there would be a separata officer appointed asProtectorof tbe Aborigines, who could ride over the country and see what was to be done for them, and also endeavour to induce them to make lugs, which would be much better than the blankets, and act generally as the Protector in the North had done, till cheese-paring economy had caused his position to be amalgamated with that of the Stipendiary Magistrate at Blinman. Mr. RKfcS quite agreed with Mr. Angas that the blackB were not properly protected at the present time. Only the other day he had received informa tion from an estimable lady at Encounter Bay. who was known for her charities, that tbe rations were not given out with any system there. During the winter season many of the blacks were very UJ, and then there were no rations to be had. There were, he would point out, many afflicted with nameless diseases, and these, he thought, should bo in some way attended to. He had never seen many blacks together till be went to tbe Murray Bridge, and be bad there noticed another thing of impor portance— that many cf the children were allied to the whites. One little girl had been particularly noticed by the Governor. She was almost white. If these children were not to be taken within the pale of civilization their fate would be a very harjfane, and he would suggest to the Government tbm'they should consider whether they should Wit be secured and brought up iu &ome; of out benevolent institutions. Mr. HUGHES quite agreed with what had been said about the inferior quality of the blankets, which he thought could only be used as shrimp nets; and when given to the blacks they only served the purpose of preventing the more indolent from making riurs for themselves, which they would otherwise do. He considered that 500 or 600 miles from town the blacks were numerous enough, and quite able to take care of themselves, but it was in the vicinity of the white populations that they required to be protected. They made a good deal of money on stations, but they always went off to wineshops with it, and so it did them no good. On the Lower Murray he kaew that wineahors existed, where a class of wine which was of a very deleterious description was Bold, and there the natives went to drink. He felt sure that the police did not do their duty in reference to these places, and he called the attention of the Government to tbe matter in order that it might be looked into. He could nob sympathize with the statements about the blacks being carried away; for he thought if the whole of them were brought within the pale of civilization and placed where they would be cared for, it would be well for them. His teamsters on one occasion bad brought down three natives, who had been well carecT for and brought up till they went back to their tribe. Mr. LINDSAY was ..very. glad indeed to hear ton. members speak out as they had. He objected to the heading under which the vote was placed— 'Charitable Institutions.11 They came here ia 1£K and unceremoniously took possession of these people s property, which now yielded some tnrec or four millions a year. It might be said, aa it was said of Sir Joseph Banks, of Lincoln B«ye, who kept kangaroos on his farm, that they did not make good use of the property. At any rate the leart they could do was to supply them with a few of the necessaries of life. Some hon.. members had epoken of the large sum of something over £500, while, in fact, they received £1,503 oe i£000 in the shape of rent for aboriginal reserves. The whole system had been beggarly in the ex treme, and he hoped it would be altered. He was afiaid the statement that they were not provident *u equally applicable to whites. He heard of a farmer the other day who received a cheque for ? ; io(0 at 'Port Pirie, and immediately went to the . ? crqg-shopiokucckitdown. In 1£-.-, when travel- ? line frotii Encounter Bay to Adelaide, he fell ia «iura large party of blacks, and he had always felt i xticmelj grateful that they did not toxnk him onihe litad. He did noS know Ihut he should nob feel inclined to do so to anybody who too!: hi* ccuntty, whether they wete lluxiUtt'io.V any otfiet peopUt. 