EASY CHAIR JOTTINGS. What, I should like to know, are the special qualifications for a seat on a local land board? These bodies wield large powers, which they have frequent op portunitieB of using in an arbitrary manner; and one would think that great care would be exercised in appointing members tojthem. It appears, however, that in this, as in almost every other Government appointment, fitness for the post is quite a secondary consideration in a candidate, provided he has helped, or is willing to help, to roll the Ministerial log. I know of a member of a local board, meeting not a hundred miles from Melbourne, who is possessed with the idea that no man selects a piece of land unless it is of exceptional value, and that, consequently, no land ought to be granted to selectors. One would hardly think that this gentleman's proper place was on a local land board. The chairman of the board, on the contrary, is of opinion *W. the Act ought to be carried out to the fullest extent. The xeault of their conflicting ideas is frequently A mess. Mr. O'Shanassy and his followers are not to be " fashed" to please the Ministry and its supporters. One hour per day, three days a week, is quite as much time as one could reasonably expect the old gentlemen of the Council to devote to the arduous duties of the State, considering the small amount doled out to them for their valuable services. The Council will not be hurried, and takes time to master, discuss, and strangle the various ^measures submitted to it. The Government meantime vows eternal vengeance, and threatens when it does deal with the Council during the recess to " reform it altogether." The Council is as intractable as a pig. When the Assembly wishes to work, it wants rest. When^the Lower House pants for rest, it goes in heavily for work. If - Mr. Francis keeps his vows, won't he pay the debt - to the Council with compound interest computed by Cohen—that's all. If there be one member of the Assembly more than another who has "by merit reached the bad eminence" of being the most uncharitable and bigoted of our publicmen, that favouredindividualisMr. Garratt, one of the members for Geelong. This distinguished legislator seldom rises to speak, but to make up for this, he never omits an opportunity of giving ventto his highly uncharitable and unchristian feelings. The discreditable part which he has more than once taken when the votes for the Catholic charities were before the House, as well as his want of manliness and truthfulness when making a charge against Mr. Graham Berry, will be readily remembered. It is gratifying to find that men of the Garratt stamp are not appreciated by the intelligent portion of the community. Mr. Garratt was a member of the Geelong Town Council, for which, at an election recently, he was defeated by a considerable majority. It is to be hoped that this timely lesson will teach the Garratts, ClarkeB, and other fanatics in the Assembly that the people of the colony expect public men to do something more than act the part of fomentors of religious discord, social firebrands,and political - charlatans, .« • • and , that in , dealing with them they adopt the sound biblical doctrine of judging men by their actions. Of Mr. Garratt it may with all truth and sincerity be said, He hath received his reward. In a Melbourne weekly journal some unfortunate husband asks an important question, to which no reply is vouchsafed by the editor. If any one can give the desired information, he ought at once, in deference to suffering humanity, to do so. What a romance in real life does this question give in a small compass—quite sufficient to form the basis of a three volume novel full of incident! How one, if he be married, conjures up ghosts of unkempt children, uncomfortable homes, cold dinners, shirts without buttons, washing days, and oft repeated Caudle lectures, varied occasionally by a little gentle exercise with the crockery, and the necessity for telling a lie next day, and blaming the discoloration on the wood! Here is the question—where, oh where is the answer ?— Can a wife be legally sold ? If so,, I would like to know the correct method of dissolving the marriage tie. Old stories say sach things were once done. If it be so I would ask for some accurate information on the subject. Clunes. HENPECKKD. The big gooseberry and wonderful turnip business being nearly played out, and the snake season not having fairly set in, some of the editors of upcountry journals are casting about for fresh fields and pastures now. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser has hit a new patch, having gone in for the wonderful sagacity business. Here's rather a good yarn from that journal :— I have to record a rare instance of equine sagacity, which goes far to show that the horse is possessed of feelings very closely allied to those of humanity. The animal in question, whilst paying attention to his morning meal, was being closely observed by a calf, who evidently would not quarrel, even with a feed of hay. The horse, probably attracted by the calf's longing looks, did not politely invite him to share bis feed, but deliberately took a large mouthful of it and deposited it before him, giving a whinny of satisfaction as his bovine companion thankfully commenced the attack. But to prove that the horse , is also possessed of feelings of a different nature, that are likewise too often characteristic of mankind, I need only say that when the mother of the calf attempted to partake of the youngster's portion it received a kick from the horse, so viciously given as almost to break its shoulder.blade. This puts me in mind of a picture of a teetotal horse which I remember seeing when I was a youngster. The animal was a Good Templar, aaid the driver a good tipler. On one occasion Bob had been too long in the publichouse, and the horse, seeing his driver's employer coming to look for him, goes up to the door of the hotel, catches the man by the collar, and pulls hi™ out. It looks well in a picture, but somehow I don't think it would work in practice. like the big gooseberries, monster turnipsj. and wonderful snakes, one. only reads about the sagacious horse—we never see him. If he is a teetotal horse, and wishes to deprive a poor man of his beer, perhaps it is as well that he exists only in temperance pamphlets and newspapers. v. Some time since a number of upcountry and metropolitan journals sang poeans of praise at the prospect of our being able -to supply^—through the ^ medium of the meat-preserving companies —the inhabitants of the over-populated cities of the old world with' good, wholesome, cheap meat. This is one_ side of the question, and our butchers' bills now present the other. Beef is at 7d. and 8d. per lb. instead of 3d. and 4d., and we have the comforting assurance that before long it will reach the small sum of one shilling. What glorious visions of mutton, cold, hashed, and haricot, rise before us, until in fancy one imagines himself a tallow candle covered with wool. At Echuca, Frankston, and other fishing places, it is absolutely more difficult to procure fish than it is in large towns many miles distant—the fish being packed up and sent into market, as soon as caught. Let us hope that it will not be more difficult to obtain meat in Melbourne than in London. The high price of meat has led to a scarcity of that indispensable, dogs' meat. To supply this want a new industry has just been started in Melbourne—the killing of old horses, the hides being sold to the tanners, and the flesh disposed of for dog food. Horse flesh was tried for food by the poor of Paris, but was not relished. Let us hope our own poor will not be necessitated to use the flesh of the horse in place of that of the bullock. The failure of Harrison's meat preserving process has not been an unmixed evil. It may have been a matter of regret to the squatter, but to the beef consumers, young and old, it is a matter for congratulation, and I congratulate them accordingly. Taplet. 