Mphm, S^Httt'ftt1 GAIiLOPING DICK. It is about two hundred years since the skeleton of Galloping Dick rattled in its rusty chains on Maltby Heath. He had kept the country aide in mortal fear for ten or a dozen years, before the law laid him by the heels and justice hanged him by the neck. ' And ten or a dozen years of successful robbery, cruelty, and murder, were enough to sink his soul for ever to a perdition beyond the ordinary experience of sinful souls. So at least they believed about Maltby ; and the un laid spirit of Galloping Dick became by time and tradition an evil power haunting the heath, and boding sorrow, or worse, to whomsoever it might encounter. . . Scarcely a winter passed without some frawful report of Galloping Dick's per turbed spirit having been -seen or heard thundering across ihe heath — reports which struck terror to the hearts of the boldest, and silenced the few sceptics who .-were disposed to make light of the danger. Make light of the danger, when the most terrible fate overtook the doomed wretches who had met this awful spirit ? A danger as sure as death is nothing to make light of, said the more reverent souls ; and the history of the people bore them out. Did not .old George Graham's father see the ghost, and did not his eldest son take to bad courses that very next spring, -enlist for a soldier, desert, run home, and be taken from hismother'sfireside inhand cuffs to barracks, and there shot ? This was in the times when George the Third was King, and men were shot without more ado if they turned their backs on their colors. Did not Ennis Blake see Galloping Dick some 30 years ago now, and did not his daughter Bella disappear from Maltby with the fine London gentle man who came, as it might be, from the clouds — and nevera word heard of her again till the carrier brought the news that she had been hanged at Newgate for child murder ? And farmer Crosse, did he not lose wife and stock one season when all his neighbors, foddered the best beasts they ever fattened, and gathered rich harvests till their barns overflowed like bursting bags % They had not seen Gal loping Dick, but Farmer Crosse had ; and who could doubt the inference ? These were the moBt striking instances that floated about the talk of the country side, aad kept the belief in the spectre alive. But there were numberless other cases where mischief could be traced to the hour when Galloping Dick was heard to rush past the house at dead of night, or when he had been seen dimly through the mists of evening, or flying like a shadow in the distant moonlight. When or in what manner soever he made his .troubled existence manifest, there was sure to be sorrow and loss ; and the name of Galloping Dick was still able to scare all the parishioners of Maltby, and to work like a, crooked charm wherever it was pro nounced. Down in the hollow, at the end of Three Ash-lane, lived the Miss Sinclairs. They were two old ladies, spinsters and sisters, owning a pretty large bit of land, of a less poor andhungrykind than most of the land thereaway. They managed it of course very badly, and got but two pounds where others would have made four. They were miserly old ladies, and starved both them selves and their farm. They believed in teapots and stockings, and odd chinks in the wall and chimney jambs, and suchlike hiding-places for their money, instead of favoring investments where you never know what becomes of it, or who has it ; or instead of putting it into the land for the rain to spoil, and the frost to nip, and the tenant to filch by hook or by crook. They were generally reported to be mil lionaires at least, and supposed to have lined their little wooden, house with un seen gold. The whole neighborhood knew, as a fact, that they slept on a bed stuffed more thickly with sovereigns than with goose feathers. And when any stranger doubted the tale, and spoke of the discomfort of such an arrangement, the Maltby folk answered significantly that may be most men would take the discomfort for the sake of the stuffing. They kept only one servant, and they never kept her long. For, being like birds in the way of appetite, they could not be made to see the diffe rence between a young, healthy, hard working wench of eighteen or so, and themselves, wizened, withered old maids of sixty odd, whose vital juices were so dried up that they wanted next to no nourishment, said, whose activities in the house consisted only in incessant maun dering and pottering ; which gave them just a little gentle exercise, and prevented their old joints from becoming completely rusty. Still, though they did little that was of any use, they were always on their feet ; always on the alert ; with their sharp eyes looking into everything, and their sharper speech that never spared a fault nor glossed over a mistake. They were bad to live with, undoubtedly ; and by degrees they so entirely lost the confidence of the neighborhood, that not a mother among them all would let her daughter take service at the Sinclairs', and the very parish at last refused them an apprentice when they wanted one. This, then, was how it came about that Madge Bernard, a kind of far-away cousin in humble circumstances, came on a visit to her relatives at Three Ash-lane, with the understanding that she was to make herself generally useful in return for bed and board, ' and a trifle or so of clothes and pocket money,' which they offered her widowed mother by letter, with a few fair words put in by way of garnish and embroidery. The first week that Madge came she cried without ceasing; the second she sulked ; the third she was pert ; but on the fourth she took a turn, as Miss Pris cilla, the younger of the two old ladies, said with a sigh of satisfaction, and seemed as if Bhe meant to settle and take things as she found them. She wrote a great many letters this week ; and among them three to a Mr. John Collette — three long crossed letters, as the Miss Sinclairs knew, but they knew no more. If they were sharp-eyed, Madge was sharp-witted ; and if they knew how to pry, she knew still better how to hide. Still, three letters in one week to any Mr. John Collette in the world seemed a wicked waste of time, as well as an abominable act of forwardness, , to the spinsters, who made it their boast that never a man had dared to offer them love when they were young, and that they had not been like the hussies of the present day — with more hair on the outside of their heads than they had sense in, and as keen after husbands as so many wasps after honey. It had been autumn when Madge Ber nard had brought her florid beauty and her deal boxes, with very little in them, to the mean wooden house where the two ladies lived, thinking she was going for a pleasant visit to a couple of old dears who would make her welcome, and give her lots of pretty things, and finding instead that she was simply an unengaged servant, without perquisites or wages. It was winter now, but Madge still stayed on. Had she really reconciled herself to her sordid life and, loveless home, or was she only waiting ?— for what? Who knew 1 Certainly not the sister spinsters, with all their astuteness. If any one, only 'Madge herself, and, perhaps, Mr. John Collette. The winter set in wild and hard. It was the stormiest within the memory of man ; and life at Three Ash-lane was gloomy and oppressive almost beyond endurance. Madge Bernard thought the long chill hours would never pass. Within the house cold grates and an empty cupboard, uncarpeted floors, uncurtained windows, a bed of musty 'oat flight,' not half filled, and no society but that of two stingy, lean, and crabbed old maids, made a not too joyous home life for lusty plea sure-loving youth. Without, wild winds and cloudy skies, sharp storms of stinging hail, of drenching rain, of blinding snow, kept the girl from her lonely rambles about the heath, which up to now had been her only amusement. It was a dreary time ; and the only joy left her was when the Maltby carrier stopped at the end of the lane, and, doing duty for the foot post, came tramping through the snow up to the door of the little house, bringing her an envelope with the London mark on it, and four or five pages inside, written close, in a neat commercial hand. What was. in these letters no one had the chance of knowing. For Madge, unlike girls in general with their love letters — and of course they were love let ters, said the sisters'— invariably burnt them, as soon, as : read, and even stamped out the blackened ashes on the hearth. It was evident, however, that they made her anxious, as well as gave her pleasure. Miss Priscilla, who was a trifle the more suspicious and the keener-eyed of the two sisters, noticed that. She added tu it also another glimpse into the depths she could not fathom — that Madge had got into the habit of prowling about the house a great deal more than was necessary. She had even caught her [ferreting in the damp hole they called the kitchen, at dead of night, when she ought to have been fast asleep in her bed; and she was always putting her finger into holes and ere vices j and poking her nose into covered jars of mouldy fat and the like, said Miss' PriscLlla fretfully to Miss Agatha, below her breath. And the two shook their forefingers viciously, and said if she was on that scent she should jo, ay, this very week! But she did not go; she only peeped, and peered., and fingered more than ever, and wrote longer letters to Mr. John Collette in London. Tueevening had drawnin bleakand wild. The wind roared in the trees, and whistled round the house, as -if a legion of demens were calling to each other. You might fancy you heard all sorts of Bounds m the blustering blasts. There, were sighs and groans, mad shrieks and plaintive cries. Now it seemed as if a host of winged things were flying past, now as if an army were thundering over the heath. Nature was in one of her great hours of pain and wrath ; and humanity suffered with her. : '* What a night ! ' shivered Miss Pris cilla, as . she drew her scanty garments tighter round her, and uneasily moved the solitary candle, which lighted the bare deal table on which it stood, and lighted little else. ' You keep such bad fires,'' said Madge Bernard, quietly. She had been very quiet and amiable for the last day or two. ' Such a handful of damp peat as that ! Why, you must expect to shiver !'' ' Shiver, indeed ! If I and mv sister. who are so much older and more delicate, can keep warm, a young thing like you ought not to complain,' snapped Miss Agatha. 'I did not complain ; I only observed,' said Madge, tossing her bright brown head. ' What a night !' she echoed, as the wind burst out into a furious blast that rocked the wooden house like a cradle ; ' just the night for Galloping Dick !' ' Hush, Madge !' said Miss Priscilla, sternly. ' I do not like such talk.' 'Not like such talk, Miss Priscilla ? In the name of fortune, why ? You don't mean to say that you believe in Galloping Dick ? ' returned the girl. ' It makes no matter to you what I believe,' said Miss Priscilla. ' No, no matter at all,' said Miss Agatha, as chorus. Madge looked saucy, but she spoke demurely. ' I think it does,' she answered. ' You are so much older than I am, and know so much better, that what you believe ought of course to have some weight with me. And it has, I assure you. So tell me about Galloping Dick. Is he ever seen now ?' 'Do be quiet, girl !' repeated Miss Priscilla, but less angrily than before. 'It is a bad sign to talk of him. And such a night as it is, too !' ' But i want to know all about him,' insisted Madge. 'Baa sign! What nonsense 1 What harm can there come of talking of him 1 Tell me about him, Miss Priscilla. Ah, now, do ! You talk so well. I know that he was a highway man who was hanged at Gallows End about two hundred years ago ; I don't want to hear more about that ; only about him now. When was he seen last?' 'About five years ago,' said Miss I Priscilla in a half- whisper. I Terrible as the subject was, and much as she dreaded to talk of it, she had the | true feminine love of the horrible, and enjoyed frightening herself as much as most women. Besides, Madge's insistence bore her down, and her little bit of flat tery warmed her. 'And then what happened?' asked the girl. ' The rectory caught fire, and Miss Alice was burnt to death,' said Priscilla. 'How dreadful,' said Made in a low voice. ' Something bad, then, always happens when he is heard ? ' . ' Always,' said Priscilla, solemnly. ' Have you ever heard him, Miss Pris ciila r ' I, girl ?' she shuddered visibly. ' Heaven forbid ! If 1 were to hear Galloping Dick I should not expect to live till morning ! My mother died, 1 believe, before my father died ; but we never speak of that.' ' It would be very frightful, certainly,' said Madge. ' I wonder what would happen if we heard him ?' ' Death, ' said Priscilla. 'I wish you would be quiet, you two,' broke in Miss Agatha. You have made my flesh creep. I shan't sleep to-night with all your horrors ; . and such a night, too, as you said, Priscilla. ' Hark ! what is that 1 ' cried Madge, suddenly clutching tk the table with a scared look on her face. And, surely, enough, as she spoke they heard distinctly the sound of a horse's hoofs thundering madly along the road, while a loud cry rose above the wild tumult of the night, more like the cry of a wild beast in fear, or the cry of a soul in pain, than the voice of a living man. ' God save us !' cried Miss Priscilla, rising and flinging up her hands. ' What shall we do ? oh, what shall we do ? It is (xalloping Dick, sister ! — our time has come !' Sister Agatha, who was of softer stuff than Prisciila, fell forward on the table half insensible. ' Madge, flushed to the roots of her hair, rose too, her lips apart, her heart beating fast. ' Miss Priscilla !' she stammered out, as if terror had broken her voice, ' what was that ? Was it really Galloping Dick ?' ' Hush ! not another word,' said Pris cilla. ' We have said too much already.' 'Hark! there it is again,' cried Madge. And again the horse's hoofe dashed furiously past the house, close to the very door, and again the cry seemed to penetrate into each corner, and to pierce the brain of each listener. Then the sound suddenly ceased, and the wind seemed to blow more furiously than before. In a few moments a loud knocking was heard at the door, and a man's voice, say ing, ' Help ! help ! for mercy's sate, let me in !' recalled the women from the terrors, of the,unseen to. the. actualities, perhaps the dangers, of the visible world. '' No, ^np j'^shrleked' Miss Priscilla ; ' we oa^iv take 'you in, whoever you may be.' ' Oh, Miss Priscilla, what a cruelty ! In such awful weather, and with that dreadful thing that has just passed ! You must let him in— a poor lost stranger — ' what harm can he do ?' cried Madge. ' I will not,' she said, passionately. ' Let him in ! Why, who knows ? he may have come to murder us all. He may be Galloping Dick himself !' * The knocking was repeated. 'Help!' said the voice in a tone of anguish. 'If you are Christians, save me.' -.-.-: ' No ; go away,' gasped Priscilla. ' Shame !' you are no woman,' cried Madge, as if deeply moved. ' If you will not, then I will,' she added ; and before Miss Priscilla could stay or hinder her. she had darted to the door, and the next instant had flung it wide to the black night, and to the stranger standing there. As she opened it a man staggered in, and sank down on the nearest chair. He was pale and haggard; so pale, indeed, that his face looked as if it were made of chalk. His dark long hair hung dank and dripping on to his shoulders ; his heavy black moustache and beard, that almost concealed his features, were also stream ing with wet; and -his whole appearance1 was that of a man fairly overcome with terror. And yet his sinister face, with its small, greenish-colored eyes and hooked nose, was more watchful than seemed quite to accord with his harassed bearing ; and a keen observer might have seen just one glance pass between him and Madge that did not look quite like the glance of Btrangers. ' Water !' he gasped. ' I am dying.' 'What is it?' asked Madge, who had suddenly taken the command of every thing ; ' who has hurt you ?' ' No living man,' replied the stranger, in a broken voice. 'Something too dreadful to see and live.' He shuddered as he spoke — shuddered so strongly that Madge was fain to hold the mug to his lips herself, his nerveless hands just rest ing on her strong white arms. 'Did you see It?' half sobbed Miss Priscilla, who was now standing by her sister. ' I saw It,' repeated the stranger, and let his head fall against the shoulder of the girl. ' He is half dead with cold and ter ror,' said Madge. ' W.e must keep him till he recovers.' She pushed him quietly back in his chair ; and if Miss Priscilla had not been too much dazed with all that was passing round her, she would have seen her hur riedly brush off a broad white mark from her stuff dress where his forehead had rested. Without another word Madge drew Miss Agatha's own sacred arm-chair closer to the fire, heaped up the peat and coal with a lavish hand, and without leave or licence asked, went to the cupboard where she knew the private stores were kept, and with one wrench forced the crazy old lock, and brought out a bottle of brandy. ' Madge ! ' shrieked Miss Priscilla. 'Be quiet,' said Madge, turning sud denly upon her with a dark look. ' Am I going to let a man die before my eyes for the sake of your meannesB ? ' ' You are good,' said the stranger, feebly. ' May you be rewarded ! ' There was something in all this that utterly dominated the sisters ; for by this time Miss Agatha had come to her full senses again, and was looking on, trem bling in every limb. The strange man ner in which Madge had assumed the upper hand, and the sudden display of strength, almost of threatening, that she made, would of itself have scared them ; but when to this was added the terror of the passing spectre, and the infinite dread which the stranger inspired, the poor old ladies collapsed, and sat still, afraid to remonstrate yet unwilling to acquiesce. So the time passed till it grew into the night ; and still no one stirred. For the last hour no one had spoken. The stran ger sat half dozing by the fire ; Madge busied herself in making up a kind of shakedown on the floor, taking- no heed of the terrified anguish of the two sisters as she dived into the recesses, and dragged about, as if they were of no account, the things which they knew held their richest and most sacred deposits. Then, when all was done, she roused the man, and bade him see what .she had prepared for him ; and, taking the candle, peremp torily bade the old ladies go to bed ' Go to bed and leave a stranger in the house by himself ? No,' said Miss Priscilla, despair giving her the momen tary semblance of courage. ' You had better,' said Madge, fixing her eyes on the spinster ; and her look was not pleasant. ' Are you the mistxess, or am I ? ' re torted Priscilla. ' You were ; I am,' replied Madge, ' Now will you go ? ' The dozing man opened his eyes a little more. If his big black beard, had not covered his mouth, you might have seen it smile, as he whispered very softly to himself, ' Bravo, young bull-dog ! ' ' Are you mad, girl ?' cried Miss Pris cilla, her shrill voice rising to a scream, ' Kot now. I was when I came,' she answered. ' That is not the question, however. Will you go to bed or not ? ' 'I will not!' said the old lady. 'You have no good reason for wishing us to leave this room. Who are you ? and why have you brought this man here ? ' 'Well, if you won't act like a wise woman you must suffer like a fool — like a couple of fools,' said Madge quietly. 'I wanted to spare you; but you are anxious to be made uncomfortable. Don't blame me, that is all I ' The stranger turned his head ; his eyes were wide open now. ' Ready, Madge?' he said, lazily. ?? les, quite ready,' she answered. ' You won't have much trouble.' In the morning, which broke calm and clear, a farmer, going to his work, passed the house at Three Ash-lane. The door stood wide open, and there were strange marks about the threshold ; dints of a horse's hoofs, bits of broken pottery, ends and tags of parti-colored rags. The place looked as if something were amiss ; so he knocked at the door, and then, getting no answer, walked in. Bound in two chairs, and. gagged, were the two sisters Sinclair. On the hearth burned still some dying embers ; and an empty brandy bottle was on the table. The floor was strewn, like the threshold, with fragments of pottery and rags of cloth and linen ; and there was not a drawer, a cupboard, a crevice throughout the house that had not been ransacked. Here and there, among the rubbish on the floor, glittered a golden coin ; here and there a silver one. The gain had evi dently been heavy when the robbers could afford to leave such spoil* The farmer, who hadihis own griefs, too, against the ladies, unfastened their bands, and raised. them tenderly enough from their chairs. One sister, Agatha, fell a corpse into his arms ; the other, Miss Priscilla, was paralysed and an idiot. All that she could say, when she was unbound, was -{ Galloping Dick,' pointing to the door. But she answered no questions, gave no other clue. Where, then, was Madge Bernard % the bonnie brown-haired girl who had been pitied many a time by the neighbors when they had met her, so far better than her fate as she seemed. The country was soon astir, and the vil lage folk searched far and wide for the missing girl. It was evident that a cruel robbery had been committed ; and the honest souls^ feared even worse things for the only strong and possibly dangerous guardian of the house. She must have made a brave resistance, and been punished perhaps by death. So thep searched for her for days, all through the woods, and all over the heath, and turned up one or two spots where they thought the ground looked as if it had been disturbed, and where she might have been buried. They found no trace of her, however, search as they might. She had passed into space and darkness, and was never heard of again. The only persons who could have told of her were a young man and woman sitting in a small coffee-shop in Liver pool, waiting for the moment of em barkation. He was a thick set, fair-haired man, with a smooth face, small greenish colored eyes, and a hooked nose. She was a buxom, handsome girl with purple black hair, and a skin as dark as a gipsy's — or walnut-juice,. They did not speak to each other, but they both read from the same newspaper the account of a terrible tragedy that had taken place on Maltby Heath, with the evidence of the farmer and others of Galloping Diak having been seen and heard that dreadful night. And some added their belief that, if the dead could speak, it would be found that the spectre had had more of a hand in the business than folks allowed. Evidence, which the Coroner pooh poohed ; and even dropped some hints of Madge not being dead at all, and the thing having been planned. But the .young man and woman embarked on board, their vessel before those hints were taken up and acted on. And thus the clue to the story was lost, and never found again. They reached Australia in safety ; but after such a perilous passage that one old sailor, who came from Devonshire, used to go about the deck muttering ; ' As sure as old Nick there's a murderer aboard ! ' Still bad times pass after a spell, and the bad time of the voyage passed. The ship sailed into harbor sub stantially none the worse for the un suspected Jonahs she carried, and the young man and woman invested a good bit of money in a sheep run, and began life fairly enough. They never prospered, however. Things went wrong, first one way and then another ; and when the young woman died — and she died, the worn-out drudge of a drunken husband, with a strange black mark on her chest that was never clearly explained away— her last words were, like poor Miss Priscilla Sinclair's, ' Galloping Dick.' But she added what Miss Priscilla had not said, ' I have de served it ! ' — All the Tear Bound. 