SCANODAL. " Begnius irritant animos demisea per asures, Quam quac sunt coulie subjects fildelibus." The fascinations that enthral the priests and the priestesses of scandal cannot but be strong and deep. eeatd--strong from their manifoest and persistent vitality, and deep-seated from the dieficulties experi erced by most men in their analysis. The curious avidity with which a rumour of aught that tends to degrade tile position or to sully the reputation of men hitherto revered is rapturously welcomed, tenderly aursed, zealously guarded, and strenuously upheld, must surely spring from some sources in our nature, deep, primordial, and inscrutable. Some urge that anile saw, the fue voaei. Scandal, say they, dwells and flourishes in petty provincial towns and narrow circles, among the unenterprising, the unwedded, and childless. There envy, guarded by decorum and eheeked by cunning and selfinlness, learns from them that there is no real cause for ofence nor pretext for hostility, but some dangers in being proved to be gratuitously in the wrong. Envy seeks relief from the founts of scandal to foster the poisons distilldd by the more reckless malignity of others. fEnvy, that unclean spirit, rushes in where cold experience bas expelled the follies and tamed down the impulses of youth; the "house" she finds "swoptand garnished." Now the pules are even, the tongue flied, the lips well drilled to smile the lie they dare not utter, ambition is quenched, emulation is palsied. Envy rushes in. And with her several fellow unclean spirits, worse even (if possible) thlan hlerself: cold scandal fosters cruel suspicions, unskilled reproaches, crude surmises; their scorpion tongues sting to death the very life of life, and honour, virtue, nobility, even love himself, rale, fade, and whither before their poisonous breaths. (See Luke xi,, 24?5-6.) Better interpretation of the parable I know not, though, even with such powerful aid, I presume not to be able to exhaust the theme. The willing recipient of scandal must posuess a vacant mind and a barren. Not merely racant of ideas at the time, but organically destitute of all our noble epriags of thlought and of action. To an active mind, ever on the rebound, how poor, how weak an impediment is any misgiving arising merely from the past! Such a mind evorerjudgea by what iso at present seen and known. Napoleon marked Junot for promo tion on the day he saw that the young conscript could use his pen at command for dictation, with a drum for a desk, and coolly joke when a shell scattered earth over his page, "I aball not want for sand." Janot might have bad fifty escapades, or duelasl--nny, even (oh! shocking) as many amours, madam, as you please--but Napoleon judged by what he saw and heard then and there. The Due d'Abrantes, in after life, related to his son, with pardonable complacency this protoplasm of thle honours and wealth he then enjoyed. Tihe large bustling city is ever crushing down secandal and scandal- mongers; there the merits, the powers, and tile excellences that we see ride over all the gossipries that we hear, and the metropolitan visitor to Little Peddligtcen flutters every tea-table by his recitals of the successes and the growing in fluence of one known formerly to his hearers but as a pickle and a seamp, and whose whimsical freaks have stagnated in the slimay pools of their memories, though long since obliterated from that of the public and hirs own. "Ah! poor fellow! And is he really now doing well P" "Yes, madam; he is making - a year, is well married, and spoken of as the future," co. "Ah! In-deed! Well! I'm sure lam glad he has reformed (sigh). I am the last person, goodness knows, to make miselhief. But if asked, you know, it will be my duty, lhowever unpleasant," Ac. (Da capo). Yet, since the early scandal, how many have been born and how many hare died, how many ]lave been married, have toiled and prospered, how many for tunes have been gained and lost? Still the early frolic is stereotyped, and the inexorable priestesses of the temple of scandal cannot, or will not, believe in the changes wrought by thle hand of time. A shbrewd observer once boldly asserted to me and to othlers that every living man carries about with him his own special Cain-brand-his ruling passion, lurk ing propensities--nay, his own biography from school days up to the present moment-astamped on his fea tures, gait, and gestures. Without following my eccentric friend too closely, I venture to express sur prise that so many should in this respect only (despite Horace and science) prefer tile ear to the eye, the acr of another to the eye-testimony that is so thorouglaly their own. Why, if the eye tells me tile man has a clear English complexion, should my mind be per turbed by thle scandal I have beard that he heas the tints of an African? Why, when my eye bears wit ness to his agility and endurance, does my mind mis give me because there exists a scandal that be is hope lessly palsied P Why cannot my own senses decide on eleanliness and on sereaity, and their verdict be abso lute, without appeal to Mrs. Grundy ? There is some thing in this that demands analysis. The evil is too common to be ignored. Paradoxical in theory as it musat appear to our readers, it asserts its power in thile practice of their lives, despite reason. "So wise, kind, temperate, and industrious as you are, why are you thought by so many strangers to be the reverse of all four attributes P" The reason is that we feel our self-love wounded, our vanity mortified, when one whom we have chosen to honour is disparaged even by the ignorant. He may despise it, but we cannot. Our judgment is im pugned, our rights witllhheld. I say our rights, for we are eager to claim the meed of a oreor diseovery when ever the merits of our idol shall be admitted. When he is " the fashion," any and everyone can laud, but "we were the very first of all." Now, when, instead of this, the public say the direct contrary, we are personally vened as well as indignant. We then turn round upon our poor idol, and blame him. For surely, if thbse qualities which we so admire had been placed properly before others, they would appreciate even as we do; therefore, you must have been remiss. The scandal is a galling insult, it contradicts us, it must have some foundation, for who would dare to contradict eye-testimony so recurrent and so com manding. Thus the very audacity of the paradox secures to it a too favourable hearing. Scandal is often nourished andpreserved by the reasoning that confutes it. For the argument that com bats also recognises the statements it recites, and many will think that some truth must lurk in the composition of that which can endure so long the denunciations of friendship and the reasonings of logic, and which re quires so many wordsto prove itfalse. It has been ensid, " Give to a lie but half a day's start, and who shall overtake and capture it P" How many believe to this hour that Ohas. Phillips, the barrister, called God to witness that his client, Courvoisier, was innocent of the'murder of Lord W. Russell. Yet, twenty years have elapsed since it was publicly proved in the columns of the lvmes, by the testimony of several barristers sitting attentively near Phillips at the time, and during the lifetime of Cress. well and Wensleydale, the two judges on thesoench, that no such words were tattered, that nothing similar to them can be educed from the report of the defence, that no appeal or address to the Eternal was uttered, no positive assertion of the counsel's own belief was hinted at. It is an unpardonable breach of etiquette in a counsel to do so, and the haughty Oresswell, or the minutely severe and merciless Jae. Parke would have been down on Phillips like an avalanche had he dared to commit such a bdtise, or had he directly ae ctsed any other person, which of course did not occur. In short, the whole story has been demonstrated to be a pure fiction-how, whence, originating none can guess. It is the very absoluteness of scandal's false hood that seems to constitute her strength. We ask, where could be the source of that which you prove to have no existence P I do not believe that the scandal against Phillips will ever die. I once experienced an amusing proof of the tenacious vitality of a report. Riding home after a month's excursion up country, in one of the Australian colonies, I was met by half-a-dozen ladies, who wheeled round to gaze with wonder. Reining in my horse I drew nigh, and was informed by them, with dilating eyes and glowing cheeks, that I had been pierced through back and heart by the glass spears of th6 aborigines, and that one of these weapons, entering through the eye, had penetrated to the brain, after which knives were used, he. I alighted, walked a few yards, as eured them that the blackfellows and myself were very good friends, that I had never been dead, never even been wounded, and was then and there ready to stand any test that I was no ghost ; and, in short, that the whole was a myth. The party walked on. I re mounted. One tall, grim, bony old priestess lingered behind. Her uncompromising aspect said plainly " I am not to be deceived by plausible appearances." " Well," said she, aloud-" well, after so much, I am glad you are recovered !" She would die sooner then surrender. Can any phenomenon be cited that is more reem ring than the growth of a child to manhood ? Yet daily we express surprise at Tom's stature and muscles (Tern whom yesterday we saw in knickerbockers), as though the growth were exceptional and unprece dented. So the malignity and conceit of too many natures fixes down the scandal too easily credited at first, and ignores the flowing river of time, on whose wavelets borne onwards through increasing civilisa tion, the man may have lived it down. "I was once a tailor-I am not one now. I was once a baby-not one now. Was once such and such-am not now." Did I name the son of enterprise whose repartee I am quoting the reader might smile, but I prize the ap positeness rather than the authority ofone who proved himself in some respects wiser (though, perhaps, less lucky) than many of the undetected who thank God they are not such as he. Fca ee et at haoste docori. Lot us seize a truth where'er it is found. How curiously puzzling were the question, could it ever arise in our courts of law, in some libel case, when does the "was once" end; and when does ".is now" begin? Ought not the etatute of limitations to run? Given that a person of whom you know a bygone scandal is discovered by you to be living in poverty, industry, and respect, earning trust and keeping it, is it not a villanous thing to blurt outyour knowledge and destroy his opening prospects P Is it not a base hypocrisy to do this under the mask of " duty" and "conscience P" Is reform as impossible as early growth P I say, out upon this vile despotic stereotyping, this fossilising system. For everything whatsoever, that possesses any value at all, does so by virtue of that which it shadows forth, or leadseto, in the future. Thus, the germ is excellent, because of its hoped-for development; the child is father of the man, &0\. So the rebuke should be awaken ing ; the punishment remedial, the exposure a spur to retrierement. Let the " was once" have its mortal career, then let it die, and be for ever baried; let the "is now" arise, if it can; and, if strong enough, let it have fair play to live, to grow, and to prosper. Scandal is superfluoas, for we can see and judge for ourselves ; the qualities of all things " are known by their effects, and all these effects are subject matter of our common daily experience." So writes the shrewd Yorkshireman Paley. This judging by the eye makes women (when anwarped by scandal) better discerners of character than men. Indeed, often suspect that in the scandals of the tea- table there lurks in the breasts of the priestesses more of mischief than of credulity. A judgment formed by your own eye is absolute and eelf-satisfying- it fills and contents the mind-all that is now needed is a wise discretion, never to confound the subjective with the objective. But the daughter of scandal is bound to be a tattler; constitutionally rieketty, she exacts the deceptive support of numbers. Taken singly, you will always find each and every scandaliser to back out with an emphatic denial that "I never said or thought anything of the sort," t&. After all, scandal is less baneful to a man when he is its object than when lie unwittingly finds himself its recipient. The firstyou can make false by a prompt reform, and, true or false, you can live it down. Fresh eyes daily replace the old among your judges. But the second is a real embarrassment. A scandal concerning one whom you esteem rankles in the mind, and vexing you because it insults your own judgment, connects its object with painful associations and a harassing suspense. Shun the scandal-monger, for you can get from him nothing save annoyance, and live among men of intellect and enterprise; seek out all forms of active civilisation, and train yourself in the habit of discipline of self-relying observation, and 'of abiding faith in Nature. The eye of the single minded, like that of childhood, often reads the soul beneath every mask, and the more independent of scandal, of gossip, and of rumour we keep our brains and perceptions the more clear, precise, and trust worthy will be our discernment, our information, and our convictions.-Australasian. In the Supreme Court in Banco on Tuesday, their Honours delivered judgment in the case of Baynes v. Osborne, which has occupied the Court for a consider able time. They first dealt with a rule for a new trial, which had been granted on behalf of the plaintiff prin cipally on the grounds of misdirection of the judge who tried the ease regarding the Victoria shares, his Honour having told thejurythat there was no ground for action regarding these shares, the defendant having fulfilled the contract by the delivery of the required number of scrip certificates to the manager of the National Bank. The Court upheld this direction and stated that they could seace nothing in the contract to support the argument that the scrip to be delivered must be scrip for shares:of which the defendant was registered proprietor. They therefore ordered this to be discharged. With regard to the rule granted to defendant, their Honours held first, regarding the mis reception of evidence ground, that a letter from Hall, the secretary of the Edina Company, notifying to the plaintiff the refusal of the directors to transfer the shares sold to him by the defendant in t nay, that it was properly admitted. lord the ruling, that the plaini n tender to the defendant a proper form of transfer fpr the Edina shares, and this not having been done, The defendant was entitled to a nonsuit on the seventh count regard. ing these shares. The order of the Court was that the rule be made absolute for a nonsuit on the whole record, and the plaintiff's rule to be discharged with costs.-Courier. "Berkeley, Sept., 1869. Gentlemen,-I feelitsduty I owe to you to express my gratitude for the great benefit I have derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above-named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus be aflicted. I am, sir, yours truly, HIrrax Ai?P.ss.-To the Pro. prietore of Noar's OAxcUoms PrLa." f7 