(Hear.) If their men of capital had enterprise to start manufactories that would be a very different thing; and if the country did not now raise its voice against the unconstitutional action which had been taken by the Government he did cot know when the door would be shut. (Ap plause.) - ? ? __ _ Mr. SaMI. Raehatx, who was well received, said if they wanted immigration what reason had the Government to interfere with the matter? Let those who wanted labour send for it. (Hear, bear.) They should have heard nothing of this cry if there had not been in the Ministry two Bank Directors, and the more they suc ceeded in impoverishing the colony the better ?was it for the absentees whom they represented. (Applause.) Many said that the cry in opposi tion to free immigration was got up by tha working men, but it was got up by the colony generally. If they got men out the farmers and others, if they did not take whatever they offered them would leave them to starve. (Applause.) He was sorry the people tad ever returned Mr. Everard, because he knew that a greater tyrant to the poor man -could not be put in office. (Applause.) Only look at his countenance— (laughter)— and they would see that he was one to trample upon them. He was about 35 miles from there last night, and he heard a cockatoo farmer say he wanted a man. He (Mr. Raphael) said, 'A man ! and you are asking for a thousand; and how long will you employ them? (Laughter and applause.) If they dont like to take what you offer them they may go by and starve'— (applause) -and i^f'i was how it would be. When they waa:«i population let the cry come from the people. What could they expect? Mr. Bright, who a little while ago moved that no Director of a Bank should hold office, had joined a Ministry in which there were two Bank Direc tors; and what could they expect from such a Ministry? (Applause.) And they all knew what a Iticd-heartea soul Mr. Glyde was to the workicg class. (Laughter.) He was sorry to hear one of their members tell them that the Government having taken the action they did, they were bound to carry it out When the telegram was sent home telling Mr. Dutton to send out the scum of hell— (great laughter)— for it would not be good men they shouldget out— what was to prevent another telegram being sent to co-intermand it, and if that was Hot done why did not the members repudiate the Government? 'What should they say to a man who put his hands in their pockets and robbed them, an4 then said, ' Oh, 1 only did it in fun.' (Laughter.) When the Ministry got hold of a young new fledged member— (laughter)— they chucked him under the chin, aud said ' what a pretty boy you are'— (laughter)— and so he got to vote with them. If they wanted population why not offer inducements to people to come out? Haw Kany millions of acres were there lying waste? Why not give them to people for a shilling an acre, or lease them for 40 or 50 years at a farthing? Then they might get people to come Lere. Bat as it was, let the farmers who wanted labour send for it. (Applause.) A Mr. Jones attempted to speak, but was ?.-.table to obtain a hearing. Mr. Botlk said people talked about the farmers wanting labourers. He had been in the country for some months, and could say that if the farmers got them they could give them no accommodation, for they had none for themselves. (Applause.) He was a tradesman, but could not get any work in Adelaide. Tke reason was that out of every tive employers there was not more than one who had served his apprenticeship to a trade, and they would sooner employ a man w'io had not .lone so because they could bully him better. It tva3 the same way in the country. He admitted that he had been brought out under the free immigration system ; but he had been swindled, as he found no work when he came. At this stage there were loud calls for Mr. Rees, upon which Mr. R. Rees, M.P., who said he was surprised at Mr. Raphael's reasoning, because with him there were exceptions to no rules. In the matter of immigration, he had acted honestly by the pledges that he gave at the Burra. He should have felt it his duty to have tabled a motion of want of confidence hut tkat he was a new member, and had acted upon the advice of old members in the matter. He was one of the four members of the House who had spoken at^in- st the immigration -!uestion, and he then properly represented the 200 working men in the Buna who were mainly instrumental in returning him. He considered that sufficient had been done to put sueh a strain upon the Administration that they dare go no further ic free Immigration. He had only wine on that occasion to listen, and not to interfere with gentlemen who were standing with resolutions in their hands; but he might say that when a Miiil-try came forward having for its policy the resumption of free immigration he would give to that Ministry his most uncom { re mi-inir resistance. (Applause.) The resolution was then carried, only two hands beLi;,' held up against it. Mr. J. A. Xoktumore rose tn move the third resolution, but before doing so would take the of portunity of entering a public prdtest against an unfounded calumny which had had its origin where it ought not to have been expected, viz., in one of the pulpits of the city, aud which had been circulated by a portion of the Press, and reproduced as a cartoon in one of the comic journals. It was that the working men of the colony were actuated by sordid seHshness in their opposition to free immigration. He had never heard of the rev. gentleman making any appeal to those who could afford it to come here and make a profit out of the land, but he kad deemed it advisable to offer up thanks for the return to Parliament of two of his own congregation— (hisses) — who were in favour of appropriating the public revenue of the colony to the importation of labour to compete with the labour we had here, and whose utmost liberality to those who would come amongst us and pay their own expenses was a gift of 20 acres of land. It was not the Fishers and Everards who enabled the farmers to get the land at the rate they got it at, but the sympathies of the whole people. He asked if the large sums of money sent home from these colonies and America by the working classes showed the sordid selfishness which the reverend pentleman had alluded to. An Englishman, who from a lower deptb than being an inhabi tant of a model lodging-house at 7s. 6d. a week had risen to be a member of the House of Commons, had said that he had seen more generous assistance from one working man to another than amongst any other class of society. What the poor were to the poor was. known to few except themselves and their God. (Cheers.) He moved— ''That whilst fully recognising the capability of this colony for supporting a vastly increased population, this meeting is of opinion that the legitimate and only effica cious means of obtaining and retaining such population is by the offer of waste lands of the colony to settlers and cultivators upon equally liberal terms ?with those offered by the United States of America and Canada, with equal facilities of selection, and that the expense of importing labour primarily for the advantage and profit of capital should be borne by those requiring such labour to the extent of at least one-half.' By Mr. Boothby he saw that on 31st December, 1849, there was a population here of 52,904, and the excess of births over deaths from 1850 to 1871 amounted to 75,0S9; of immigrants at their own expense there had been 110,077, and at the public expense 65,067. Comparing the departures with those coming into a newly settled country there should have been here 303,127, and yet we had only 187,851, conse quently our loss in the 22 years was 115,276, or every immigrant that came into the colony at the Government expense, and 50,219 besides. From 1850 to 1871 £21 3s. 6d. per head was paid for those introduced; £200,006 was spent durin* this period in relieving destitute poor, and $65,000 for hospitals, which added to other expenses brought the amount up to nearly £2,000,000, counting the increase in their gaols and the expenditure on unproductive public worksT^hich would never have been needed wereitiLtto find employment for a starving population. In that time 4,202,313 acres of land had been alienated from the Crown simply into the hands of capitalists and speculators, and turned into sheepruns; and if that system ?was to be carried on he did not see how the -oiony could progress. He was in favour of » system omilar to those in force in the United States and Canada. In the former a man could go upon 160 acves upon giving notice to the Govern ment, and if Jie lived upon it and cultivated i for five years he would have it given to him in fee-simple. That was the Homestead Law. The pre-emptive settler took up land surveyed, and paid about $1 5c., or 6s. for every acre. The Canadian Government some years ag» had had six millions of land surveyed for immigrants from Britain. A man going there got 100 acres for himseif, 100 for hw wife, and 100 for chil dren over the age of 18 years. It stood to reason that while this was to be got in America we could not induce people to come here for 20 acres of land. The payment by the employer of one-half of the passage of the immigrants to this colony would be a check upon the system of persons saying so many men could be employes! and then not being bound to employ them when they came. One of the deputation some time ago to the Government had, he heard, offered a labourer 8b. a week to work at his hay harvest The cry was not because there were not men to be had, but because the farmers would not pay thejien 15s. a week. He begged to move the Mr. A. O. Chahbers most cordially endorsed the resolution, remarking it was a pity it was not moved earlier that it might have been carefully ventilated. They would all acknowledge that we had a territory capable of carrying a vastly increased population. The motion was carried with only one or two dissentients. Mr. Thomson moved— 'That the movers and seconders of the fore going resolutions be a Committee to embody the same in a petition to obtain signatures, and to request some member to present the petition to Parliament.' The motion was seconded and carried. Tha meeting closed with thanks to the Chair nan. THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. MEETING AT THE TOWN HALL. On Monday evening, August 25, a puouc meeting, called by the Mayor of Adelaide in reply to requisition of citizens, was held at the Town TTall tn p.nnstrtar thfl (inflation of the ?esumption of free immigration. u.ne ounaing cos nearly full. The Mayor, having read the advertisement sailing the meeting, said there could be no doubt ;hat a considerable increase to our population ras very much to be desired, but the ways and neans to get it was a consideration of great im wrtance. It was well known that years ago thousands of pounds were lost by the system drich was pursued, and whether it was wise to return to that system required serious con lideration. He then called on Mr. Johs Clabk, who said he thought the ame had gone past when it would be necessary 'or him to appear on a platform against free Immigration at the public expense in South Australia. (Applause.) Many of them knew ihat in years gone past he had combated that principle, which he looked upon as one of the most vicious ever established in a civilized jommunity. (Applause.) He had hoped that from the past experience of the last 20 years no me would have had the hardihood to again some forward and promulgate the doctrine — [applause) — for every one of them who would bake a retrospective view would join with him in saying that the beneficial effects of the cessa t'on of immigration at the public oxpense had been marked in the extreme, and it was simply the selfish grasping desire of a few to add to their wealth at the expense of the many that dared to resort to the question at the present time. (Applause.) With these preliminaries he would move — 'That this meeting is of opinion that the course pursued by the Government in telegraph ing to the Agent-General for the resumption of free immigration without the sanction of Parlia ment is in violation of constitutional usage, and ought not to have been approved by the House of Assembly.' (Great applause.) After pointing out that the power of dealing with money matters rested with the Assembly, which clearly established the principle that with the people or their repre sentatives rested the sole power of the purse, be said it came with an exceedingly bad grace from the Government two days before the Hause met to violate this constitutional principle. When they remembered the cry which was got up on the closing day of the last session only in reference to the presentation of Money Bills, and that the present Chief Secretary was the person who had passed a motion this session condemning that action, could it be believed that the same individual could have the impudence to violate the Con stitution in a far more heinous degree ? But such was tho fact, and only four out of the thirty-six members were found voting against their conduct. And what were they to say to the city members, who were each returned solely upon the principle that they would oppose immigration at the public expense? (Great applause, and Mr. S. Raphael— ' Turn them out.') The two representatives for East Ade laide, he was sorry to say, disgraced themselves by leaving the House, not even pairing for the resolution, and he branded them as traitors in the first instance and cowards in the second. (Applause.) Whilst he could not approve the conduct of the other two members, they had the courage to speak upon the question, one voting for and the other pairing in favour of the principle; but when men betrayed their trust and then cowardly sneaked away they were not worthy of the trust reposed in them. (Applause.) He knew of other people who owed their seats in the Legislature to their professed opposition to free immigration who had gone about during the last six months doing all thev could to get it resumed at the jariiest possible period. Jur. xownsena naa -een unceasing in his efforts, and had chaffed inn because within the last few months he had lot bees able to get some men he wanted; but t was better that he should labour under that hfficulty than that there should be men rushing ;be Treasury and pining for want. (Applause.) So doubt labour had been scarce of late, but vould it last ? Supposing the prospects of the jnsuing season were blasted either by locusts -r rust, what was to be done with the labourers who, at the request of the people who lately traited on the Chief Secretary, were to be intro luced into the country ? Would there not bo hundreds unable to obtain labour? (Applause.) After reading an extract from the Hon. T. Reynplds's speech on the late immigration vote, be said he had gone inte an elaborate calcula tion for the last 18 years, and was prepared to say that the whole system of land and immigra tion up to the present time had been a delusion and a snare — (Hear, hear) — and what with their iebtand the amount spent in roads, bridges, and for other purposes alluded to by Mr. Rey nolds, he did not believe the public had realized 3s. 6d. per acre. (Hear, hear.) The attempt to liberalize the land law two years ago was worked by the substituted residence clausa, which enabled a few to monopolize the lands of the colony; and however many people were im ported, a bulwark had thus been raised which would be an effectual bar to their obtaining it. If proper wages were paid, they should not lack labour. He believed in no other part of South Australia was a larger amount of wealth produced by the same number of people than on Yorke's Peninsula. Two years ago there was a great outcry there for labour; but since the mines had become further developed the owners had increased the men's waged, and any one who read the Yorke's Peninsula papers would see that miners were constantly arriving there, and the two members for Yorke's Penin sula formed one-half of the minority who went against this vote. (Bear, hear.) If the people of Wallaroo found sufficient man-power for their wants; what was to prevent other part3 of the colony doing like wise ? He had seen a letter from Mr. J. G. Chandler, of Melrose, to the keeper of a labour office in the city, in which he- stated that a great many shearers were coming there, the price paid bringing them; and that if the farmers would only give proper wages they would find plenty of hands for their harvest— (great applause)— and he added that the crops were looking well, but the grasshoppers were in sight. He was glad to see that the farmers who attended the meeting at Saddleworth, in one of the largest agricultural districts, went against immigration, and he was informed by a gentle man that he asked them after the meeting was over how many acres they represented. He was told 200,151 acres, and when the question was put to every party in the room the whole man absorbine: power waatwelveout of thelot. He was also told that Mr. Chas. Heard, who made himself so prominent on the deputation of farmers, had allowed swagmen to go tramping because he would not give them 15s. a week. (Oh. ) It was all very well for the Chief Secretary to say that free immigration would not reduce wages, and that wherever they had had it wages had risen; but that was totally insup portable by truth. (Hear, hear.) He had prepared a kind of barometer, which would abow what effect free immigration had had upon the social well-being of the community. Two years after the cessation of immigration, in 1860, the population had increased more than it hid ever done in the same time since. In 1860 the population was 1 24,112, in 1862 it was 135,329; in 1860 the marriages were 5,568, and in 1862 6,075. In 1859 there were 93 convictions in the Supreme Court; in 1862 there were 64, with 18,000 increase to the population, or a decrease of 50 per cent. In that time the amount belonging to persons in the Savings Banka in creased by £90,2*4 7s. 5d. There was no clamour at the latter time, and no one waa in want of work. In 1860 £17,363 2s. 7d. was spent upon charitable institutions, and in 1863 it bad fallen to £7,307. And the prosperity in the latter year was not merely confined to the working classes, and he considered that if those who favoured free immigration aaw the question in its proper light they would be found to aaist in opposing the introduction of a system. Between the years 1860 and 1862 the amount of private indebtedness was reduced to the extent of £210,408 fc. 2d., and there had been five per cent, decrease in that tune in bills of exchange. These facts showed what effect the free immigration system had had upon the country. It was shown how a small part of the community would be benefited, and at the same time the community would indirectly lose by the foundations of society being sapped. It was with matioua as wit individual. When they violated a just law they found their mistake out when it was too late. If the lands of ibis colony were thrown .open to all at a merely nominal sum, with conditions that the persons who held them should- reside upon and till them, and make the roads and bridges themselves, a far better course would be taken than selling the lands at a high rate, and using the money in the manner in which it was now used. (Cheers.) Mr. Councillor Wright seconded the motion. He expected that there was scarcely an individual in the meeting who had not fully studied the question, so that he would not say much upon it. The late Government had brought forward a Bui last seesion, in which a clause for free immigration was thrown out, and that Ministry, though a strong one, had been broken up on that question. Yet the Ministry was now expending money without the consent of Parlia ment for the purpose of doing what the Parlia ment had put its veto on only last year. It was not the mere question of the expenditure of £5,000 in free immigration that he cared about. But there was a principle involved — (cheers)— and that was the reason he rose to second the resolution. He did not intend to weary them, as the previous speaker had laid the matter well before them. Some person had shown in the papers that of the Land Fund £300,000 ought to nave been taken for immigration that had been otherwise used; but more than a million had been expended to assist those who had taken up land He begged to second the resolution. Mr. J. C. Bbat, M.P., came forward, and was met with a storm of groans and hisses. He said he trusted that they would hear him, as when they did ? (Groans and confusion.) He believed that when he said what he had to say they would approve— (Continued groans.) The Chairman called for order, and hoped that the meeting would hear Mr. Bray. Mr. Bray would not keep them many minutes. (Groans.) Let it not be said that at a meeting in Adelaide they should refuse to hear any man. (More groans, and a cry of ' Absentee agents.') Mr. John Clark asked tho meeting^ as Britons to give Mr. Bray a fair hearing. (Cheers.) In supporting the resolution which he had had the honour to propose to them, he had felt it his duty to make an attack upon that gentleman in his capacity as their represen tative. He now hoped that, as Britons, they would give him a fair hearing. (Cheers.) Aa mover of the resolution, he would remind them that he would have a right of reply— (cheers)— and any reasons that were advanced he would pledge himself that he would not leave them unreplied to. Mr. Bray would not keep them many minutes, and when they had heard what he had got to say they would be sorry that they had prevented him from speaking so long. He did not blame Mr. Clark for having Ditched into him. He was only sorry that abuse'of members of Parliament should be bo much more popular than figures, as he had been applauded very loudly when he had abused him, But they had received the statis tical portion of his speech very quietly. (Disapprobation.) He was not present as a member of Parliament, but as a rate payer, and he considered as such that he had a right to speak, and he thought that none of them, except he wearied them, would refuse him a fair hearing. (Cheers.) He had not much to say, but all were aware that Parliament met on a Friday, and that on that day nothing was done but formal business. On the fol lowing Tuesday the House met, and the reply to the speech was then debated. He was one of the Committee appointed to draw up the reply, but be was careful that there should be nothing in the reply that would bind the House to free immigration. The Chief Secretary was on that Committee, and he was in favour of free immigration; but be had said that except free immigration was left out he would not act in the matter. And the free immigration was dealt with by saying in the reply that on that subject the House would do what seemed neces sary. On the next day the Chief Secretary made an explanation that £5,000 had been spent for bringing out two shiploads of immigrants. (Disorder, and a cry of ' More shame for you.') So he said more shame, and he wa3 sorry that that action had been taken. It would be found if they looked in tie newspapers that Mr. Hughes and himself were the only persons in the House who had objected to the free immigra tion item. He said what was tantamount to what was expressed by the resolution now before them. He had expressed himself to the effect that the Ministry had no right to send for immigrants the very day before Parliament was to meet, but ought to have waited for its decision on the subject. And when the House had been appealed to he should have been found one of those who went against it. (Applause.) Many hon. members had been found to oppose free immigration a fortnight afterwards, but on the day when opposition would have been of use not one but Mr. Hughes and himself had spoken against the action of the Govern ment. When a thing was done ho waa not one, whatever his opinions might be, to bring the credit of the colony into disrepute by his vote; but when he first opposed the expen diture he believed that had the House insisted upon it the attempt would have been stepped, though in a fortnight of course they were likely to be told that all had been done. The immi grants had after the Government adjournment been sent for, and what was to bo done? (A voice — 'Let the Government pay for them.'*) He approved of the resolution, and when the proper time arrived they would find him opposing any further expenditure. He hoped that what he had said would be satisfactory to the meeting, fie assured them that what he had stated was his honest reason for the action tbat he had taken. When the vote took place he knew that opposition was useless, as it could not have altered the result There was still time when he spoke in opposition, but it was too late a fortnight afterwards. The Immi gration Bill of last year had been passed for the purpose of gaining assisted immigration by means of land, but it had been thrown aside by the late Government, and not made known where it would have been of any use. H« pointed out that on his motion the clause in that Bill for free immigration on a certain scale had been struck out. (Applause.) He quite agreed with the resolution tbat had been submitted to them, and that it was an ill-considered act of the Ministry to send home by telegraph for the resumption of free immigration at so late a period before the meeting of Parliament. Some of the money, if not all, would be greatlj wasted. If free immigration were required— and he considered that it wa3 not, and never would be when wages were higt — it would only be required when ' thej coma not get their work done with out it. - Mr. Hunt in his labour report of last week had said that notwithstand ing the demand tor labour there wan a good supply, as many men had come from Victoria, Sydney, and New Zealand, attracted by the wages offered. (Applause.) The Ministry had stated their intention of putting down a large sum for immigration nezt year. Without having been at all biassed by the vote of this meeting be would oppose such a proposition if it were brought forward. (A voice— 'Who will support it?') Mr. Mortlock asked who would support it. Perhaps he would. (Mr. Mortlock— ' No, I will 'not.') He was glad to be present at such a. large meeting, as he believed it to be a good thing that members should hear the opinions of their constituents. In this instance their views were entirely in unison with bis own. He was glad they had heard him out, and hoped when any person came before them to speak to them he would be heard, because when matters had to be ex plained they might be able to give good rea*ons for their conduct. . Mr. McDonald considered the question was one of the most vital of constitutional questions — as to the monarch or the Government spending public money, not only without the consent of, but in the face of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bray, in spite of all that he said, had not done his duty, as he should have moved a vote of. want of confidence in the Government. If this thing h*d been done against the wish of the Chamber of Commerce or the Chamber of Manu factures there would have been a great cry orer the whole country by the Regular and Advertiser. He for one could no longer have confidence in these members, and be hoped that that would be the feeling at the next election. He hoped the time had come when the working men would arise to defend their own rights — (cheers) — by amalgamating themselves into Clubs, that if not under tho same oaraa they might hayo another Political Association, and than they would keep the members in their own places. A number of tanners had waited upon the Government, and me man, Mr. Heard, had never had the honour sf being an industrious mechanic or labourer, or he would not have said that the working men never knew what was good for them. Mr. Bray came up to his views about immigration, but the members, he thought, sold the country in not turning out tke Ministry whioh contained such a man as Mr. Everard. (Hisses.) If he stood for any of the 18 districts of the colony under universal suffrage he would not have been returned— (cheers)— and yet ho had a place in the Ministry. The Chairman had been asked by Mr. Solomon, M.P., to mention that if invited ha would have attended, but as he was not invited he did not think it right to attend. ('Oh ' and ' Let him put his boots on.') ' Mr. JohnClark, in reply, said that while Mr. Bray's explanation with regard to immigration was to him very satisfactory indeed— (Hear, hear)— yet he regretted that in his action upon the particular vote mentioned it was altogether unsatisfactory U- his mind — (Hear, hear) — because he held that the people had nothing at all to do with tho back scenes as to the forma tion and constitution of Ministries. These Ministers who violated the Constitution wero having the emoluments of office, Asi that through their having betrayed their trust. (Cheers.) If the members had kept their trust, the Ministry would have been turned out. The motion was carried with two dissentients. Mr. M. Goods stated that while he was opposed to free and indiscriminate immigration he thought it was desirable that the population should be increased in some way that would not be detrimental to any one interest. (Hear, hear. ) He moved — ''That in tho opinion ef this meeting tho principle of free and indiscriminate immigra tion is opposed to sound political economy, and unjust in its operation of protecting capital at the expense of labour, and past experience has proved it to be unsuited to the wants of South Australia.' Inspead of immigration under the old system being politically economical ho thought it to bo the very essence of extravagance in its worst shape. We spent not hundreds but thousands, and thousands of pounds wero wasted in introducing immigrants into the colony who no sooner landed upon our shores than they cleared out to what they believed to be more desirable parts. They would be met by those who bought land on tho understanding that 10s. out of every pound of the Land Fund should bo spent in immigration; but there were times and seasons when covenants should bo cut, and it was desirable that that one should be cut. Tho system would not have continued so long if there had been direct taxation and every rate payer had had to pay 5s. down for every immi* grant imported. The Land Fund was the pro perty of the inhabitants of the colony, and should have been devoted to other purposes so as ^te keep taxes down. (Hear, hear.) He was fully sensible that a large number of immigrants were most estimable people, but ho believed the principle of bringing out shiploads of immi grants had an immoral tendency. Tho agents did not select men and women, but in somo instances took the refuse of the people, and three or four immoral persons in a shipload, confined in a small place tor three or four months, could do a great deal of evil. If we returned to that system we must expect the same result. Tho principle of free immigration was unjust to every person in the colony. It was unjust to the men who bought land upon the condition that the Government should import labour to enable them to cultivate it with profit, because in many instances the labour was not suitable. It was thoroughly unjust to many who woro brought from the old country, because many men in a comfortable position in England, but who were unsuitable for the colony, had been induced to come here, and had never ceased to complain to the present day, and ho believed they never would. (Cheers.) While he deprecated the action of the labourers at the Treasury doors some years ago, ho could not condemn them wholesale, for if the Govern* ment brought them from their homes they were in duty bound to find them employment. (Cheers.) The system was thoroughly unjust to the working population, however they had come out, whether by free immigration or not. (Hear, hear.) It brought out men not so efficient as those here before, and thus brought the prices of wages down. As an employer of labour he could say that it did not matter to employers what was the price of labour, other things being equal. Many said, 'What is to be done if you will not have free immigration V (A ratepayer— 'The best way is for the young men to get married,' and laughter.) Yes, but that would take a long time. If A man wanted labour from Great Britain or1 Germany he should import it at his own cost— (applause)— the immigrants being bound to servo for a certain time, say two years, and their em ployers agreeing to employ them for that timo. That was the only way to bring out people suitable for the position they were to occupy. If those who wanted labour had no correspon dents in England he would have no objection to the Government agents selecting men for them. Mr. J. Roberts seconded. He had been in hopes that the ghost of Wakefield had been laid. Under tbat system the land was bought for speculation, the labourer came, was idle, and went away. It was said we wanted people; but we wanted people settled down, and not dis posed to leave the colony. The only way to retain the population permanently was to throw open the resources of the colony in the most liberal way. (Cheers. ) Mr. C. FaBR said if ho thought population was to be introduced to reduce the price of labour he would say we had plenty; but there was one thing he bad upheld for the last throe years — that was to keep waces as high here as in the other colonies. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Goode suggested that those who wanted labour should send for it. He paid as much wages in one week as Mr. Goode in a year, and Mr. Goode got as much profit in one month as he did in a year. (Laughter and applause.) The profits of builders were leas than those of any other trades men, and it was most unreasonable to expect that he or any one else should send home for labour. Let them hold out inducements for labour to come. Mr. Clark talked about the Savings Bank; but they did not want to lock money up in the Savings Bank; it should be circulated. He thought there were few who approved of free immigration. The members of Parliament were mere delegates. (Laughter, and cries of 'No.') The public- told them what they wanted, and when the public put them in form to get it they were deceived. for immigration under any circumstances. If any man wanted a labourer he would bring him 20 to pick from. Those who advocated immigration wanted labour to reduce wages. (Cheers,) The members of Parliament came forward with their dogmas; but he had known men like them in other parts of the world who would have got the end of shoe. (Laughter.) There was an election coming, and let them pledge the members that if two-thirds of their constituents called upon them to resign— kick them out. (Laughter.) They talked about land; but it belonged to the people, and the Government had no right to seize it and sell it. It was the gift of God Almighty, and they should not sell it or mono polize it among themselves. (Cheers.) Mr. W. Sketheway supported the resolution. If they looked in that evening's paper they would see that there were hundreds of men at Ballarat walking about with nothing to do. who would gladly come over here and do the farmers' work for the next three months, and then they could go back again, for they would get nothing to do. (Hear, baar.) JWhat would the mercantile community say if persons went to them and said, 'We are building a house, but iron is so dear, will you bring some out to cover them?' That was equally a^eaaon able as the farmers asking for labou 'Would they not tell them, ' If you want houses you must wait till you get money to pay for the iron?' (Applause.) The fact was tho system of men gmng on the lands without a penny in their pockets was ruinous to 8outh Australia, and this cry of the farmers for labour was nothing but an attempt to reduce the price of labour. Men who had travelled through the country had told him that there was not a farmer who would pay respec table wages who could not get men. (Applause.) It was time for the Government to import immigrants when the colony was really in want of them. They had not population enough to be a thriving country; but what was the use of bringing out labour without capital aa well? 