AUCHBISHOP MANNING AND ST. PATEICK S DAY. Ox St. Patrick's Day Archbishop Manning mada usc of tho occasion to issuo a Pastoral Lotter, calling upon tho faithful to maka an effort to purgo tho country of its great and prevailing Bin of drunkenness. It is impossi- ble for any ono, whatovor bo his orcod, his politics, or bis domoshu habits, ta road'tho terms of thin invitation without a fcoliug of respect for tho author of them, mid without a wish that au appeal so eloquently, warded, so pertinent to tho tima, and so important, should have au abundant response, anil wo therefore subjoin it lt. was road on St. Patrick's ova in all tho lioninn Catholic places of worship in tho diocese of Westminster : - Reverend and 1'car Brethren, and Dear Children m Jesus Christ,-Tho Fuustof St. Patriuk, tho glorious apostle of Ireland, tho patriarch of many churches rising aud spreading in the west and in tho south of the world, tho spiritual father of a numerous cpifcopnle, nnd of millions of faithful, multiplying dillly nt homo and abroad, calls us onco moro to li lens his name, und tn offer our thanksgiving to tho Father' of all light and grace'. You bavo nlrcady, wo cannot doubt, prepared yourselves to sanctify thia festival by the Haly Snci a ments, and by suekiug to obtain tba plenary indulgence offered to you. You will sanctify this day, tho eva of St. Patrick, mid to-morrow, so far as in your power, by tho dovotion and piety which aro tho mark of his fm fit- ful children. Wo pray you with all tho nffectiou of our hoait to let your exutnplo and your conduct show tin» IOTO and honour you hoar to your Spiritual Father. It ii our intention ou Monday, tba 21th, which i < tho octavo day of St. Patrick, to hold in tho evot'in u publia meeting, uud to found an association, ia uniw with tho association ia Liverpool an I Birming- ham, for tho suppression of nn evil which mu.,t bo confessed to bo the most scandalous sin nnd glaring shame of our country-wa moan tho abu;o of drink Wu do not Bay drunkenness, becauso mauy ubu.M)intoxi- cating drin'c without ever being detected in drunken n 'JR. . It is an abuse which is to ho found in orcry cluss, irom tho highest to thc lowest; is ii'not tho ?hamo of , j lio poor only, but of tho rich oho. It has been gaining i j stealthily upon every class. In tho most refined anil un. ; suspected forms it has rrept into houses, and enslaved * men, women, and evett children, cf every condition of birth, culturo, refinement, nnd rank. For this causo tho clergy of tho. dioceso twice in tho year will bring beforo tho couseirnco of nil our flock the uso and tho abase of tho goad creatures of Cod. They » ill remind all mea of the a rollo's words " Whether you cat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do ali to tho glory of God";-2 Cor. x. 31. Ibero is a right and a wrong in the uso of our daily food. Gluttouy and drunkenness aro not the only sins of abuso in this matter. Food and d'ink are given for lila, health, tUiink fulness, bob ric ty and temperance aro fruits of tba Holy Ghost. We must preach for these, as well OB against exco.13. Wo need to noto in ourselves and in otho s under our chargo tho graceful and salutary laws of moderation. All heads of housholds. all fathers and mothers, uro bound to bo temperate, not oüly for their own sakes, but for tho sako of all abmis tamur If they be tcmpernto there will bo few under their roof* who will not bo tempéralo IIIBO. If thu high, nnd refined, and olucated would set this exemplary Christian sobrioty clearly and broadly I oforo all elaasoj, thara would bo lcs3 excess iu those below them. 'Therefore, beloved children in Josu» dir ¡it, do not think that our exhortations of next Sunday apply only to thoso whoso siu and sharao aro open and notorious. If all wera temperate, nud if all tho tem- perate would join together iu a leuguo of prayer nnd . manifost cxumplo, ibero would bo fewer drunkards among tho poor ; fewer houses wrecked, fowor souls lost, under our very oye». Next Sunday, therefore, yon will bo exhorted to associate yourselves in prayer, and in tho exercise of all tho inltuenco you cnn com maud, both by word and by example, to repress an evil, which, partly from its idsidioua nature, partly from over-freo eociul habits, partly from au unguarded cu'toiu, hns been growing eveu ia tho upper classes ; and still moro, from our inconsiderate commercial logis- . liition, has covered tho three kingdoms to such nn extent with tho temptations .and occasions of excess, as to tbrsnten nnd to uiulermiuo tho rJoinculic lifu and tho morality of our people. Tho meeting of tho UUh ia for tho purposo of uuitiug nil classes iu this com- mon effort against our commun danger. Wo thereforo . oarncstly invito you, dear children, of all grades and classes of society, to atlcud it. _ Tickets will bo distri- buted to you by tho clergy, specifying both tho time and tho placo of the mooting. Let no one think thnt he is beyond tho reach o' this invitation. Yo 11.aro all bound by tho vowa of your baptism to feimpcranco. Many by their own freo will hav<i chosen to abstain altogether from tho usa of intoxicating drink. Thoy hnvo ohoson it as safer for themselves, and for many it is tho only way of safety. Soma, again, choose, total abstinence that they may help others, by their example, by thoir prayers, by their self-denial, to overcome temptation, ilany a mother, wife nnd sister,who have novcr boen guilty of tho least excoap, aro now denying themselves that they may am ta in tho porsovrranco of fathers, husbnuds, and sons. Even littlti children bavo thus been tho means of reclaiming BOH H from drunkenness. Wo call therefore, upon you all, dear children in Jesus Christ, in whatsoever grado or class of Bociul lifo, to imito with us in this work for tho glory of God, and for the sal- vation of souls. Let us keep tho octavo day of St. Patrick with a publia declaration of our will and pur- pose to put away this groat Bin and scaudal from tho Catholio namo. Lot us unito in a lenguo of charity and of salf-doniul with our brethren all over London, and in Liverpool, and ia Birmingham-wo may say all over England-against this pestilenoa which is destroying homes and souls, and, through tho ruin of parents, is making havoc of our poor children. ^ Thousands of the faithful aro already associated in this work, . We trust that tuns of thousands avili horeaftor be enrolled in tho samo array of sobriety aud of abstinence, against tho plague of drunkenness and free indulgence which is steadily increasing upon us. May (¿od bloss and keep you from all evil Given at West- minster, and appointed to ba read in tho churches of tho diocese, at all the masses on tba third Sunday of Lent,. 1873. HBNBY EDWARD, Archbishop of Westminster. W. A. JouNSO», Secretary. Wo have appointed tho Iiov. Fathor Lockhart, of St, Josoph's, Kingsland, to act for us m this work, and wo request you ta address to him any inquiries or commu- nications on tho subject. 