TUsnDA', JULY 22 . Before the pollco.magltrato., John Thomas, a stranger from Sydnoy, was brought up charged with wilfully breaking a window of au railway- carriagoe. Constablo Walker deposed: Defendant was given into my charge at twelve o'oloik on Monday nigt by BUntojamin Mlawson, watchman at tbohe ralwuI station, on a charge of having broken a window Ina railwey-onrriago while on his way from Sydney; I asked him why he did it; he said he thought the gless was down at the time; I looked him ,iip. IBenjamin Mawson deposed: I[em night watcohmao at the Goulburn railwany-tation ; I gavo,the dofond ant in charge by the instructions of the atit(oi. master. Mr. Southern, engaged on the stelation, said that Mr, lrkles, stationo*mstor at Sutton Forest, had given the defendant into custody for throwlng a bottle through the window of a ralwny-oarriage, ands that Mr. Prkeso was not able to got up in time to give evidence. The polico.magistrate said hoe did riot fool justifed in kiooping the mea n in oeustody nodor the liualloioea Iljuries Act; as the possibility might hbe that it was done scoidentally. Defendant was discharged. OllUlsoas oP EoeOLAND-OnlmN 'rTsoe, The Lord Blhop hold an ordination.servie on Sunday morn ing, andl was seisoted by the Roves. A T. l'uddlcombo and ), E. Jones. The orev, II. I. Thompson was ordained deacon, and the Rov. I. B. Taylor priest. Thorea was n largo number of perseons blotnging to tile variaou denominationsi present to witness the solomn end interoeting ceromony, and who also listened with attention to tle impressive sermon proeohed on the ooonsion by the Rev. D, 1. Jones. sOlesuci or Exaoanli. Wonsaaso.Mon's Asoelot T'on,-On Monday evening about forty members attended the weuklty mooting of the nboveia nassoola. tios, tho chailr being occupiod by the Rev, ~Y, Looko, ol-e of the proeidonts. Two persons were propbsed as members. The busliireab.shot first announced a melotion proposed by Mr. Pagb, thata benefit sooloty be fored in connectlion with the neasociation. Somo disoussion ensuedt on this molteon, which was ultl sooely lost by a large majority. A motion proposed by Mr, Mlyers to thle offet that nll members of the seoolety should bring forward at the moetings, songs, reooitations, or readings, boginning nlphabbtioally with the namoes, was carrieod, Thilo was the Whole of theb busineoss transacted; and the businose for next Monday having boon'announood, the bonedcltion wie pronounsced. Bi'ORTINO 1Ws Tnve: SRTis.-Mr. William Davis of Ginitndorrls and party, consisting of Mlasers, 8. SteaphlU, I. O. closo, F. 8. Townasond, G. HtIaroourt, and WV, 1I, DLvie, have just returned to Quoanboyan nafter a shootilg toulsr of n few days, ahd hnvro boon .highly socessfaul, having shot 015 wallabloes, 3 wal taroo, 16 largo onglo-hawlss, and 1 snake, Thie skins of the marsupial animals were brought home to be tanllod, Every year Mr, Davis makosupa opaprty who are geonoerally very fortunate In obtaining rea good sport. INaoevnsor.-A single meeting in the Ineolveont estato of Wm, Caon was hold in the court-hoseo on Monday before Mr, J, J. Allmon,eommslsasionor of In solvent estates, Mr, Botts ior insolvent; Mr. Gan. non for the oroditores. WIllitam Wobb proved one debt of £2 Ia, for rent; F:S. Oubon proded a debt of £18 13s, d. for.aloolk sold;s8, Outmoro proved a debt to tho amount of £100 Os. Pd, for stook sold; J. T. Gannon proved a debt in the estate of the itao W. Bradloy-?14 4s, Inse61vont admitted borrow nlog £20 from F, Pooley; also other asmounts, The insolvent said he commenced business withont any money, and bed since suffered a severe loss through his debtors. The losses amounted to £149, and he gave no credit recklessly. Tho price of stock rose considerabl)- some time back, which also materially affected his business matters. The meeting was ad journed to Monday next, and the insolvent was ordered to bring up a balance-sbeet of receipts and expenditure in his business for the last six months. lie was also ordered to produce his booke.-A single mooeeting in the estate of John Abbott was held. Mr. Gannon, who appeared for the insolvent, who was absent, exnlained that the insolvent had moved to Peelwood 'o obtain work, and had no means to attend that meeting. N'o creditors attended, and there was no business transacted. APPOsT.es.T.-ET-Mr. William MoNab to be tole graph station-master at Young, vice lIr. MocInnes. aloocc-OunQst Orrars.o-The post.oltice money order system is extended to Molonglo. A.omTen SHoc?eiso I.rANrlCIDo Ics VTcronA. The SBundhurst correspondent of theb Dily Teleo graph telegraphs as follows, under date July 17: The town of Esgleob?awk was horriled to.day by the discovery of perhaps the most horrible ase of infant icide that has ever taken place in the colony. A girl named Bridgot McCarthy is supposed to have given birth to a child and thrown it into a pigatye behind the Commercial Hotel, in High.street. All that was found of the body was the head, the pige having devoured the remainder. The girl is em ployed as a servant at Buckley'e Hotel, and was soveral times taxed with being in the family.way, but denied it. She is supposed to have beeoon confined in the night, but all that is so far conjecture. The lad who went to feed the pigs in tbo morning was horrifieod to find pieces of human flesh adhering to the railings, and on further search he discovered the skull of a neow-born child, much mangled by the animals. No other traces of the body can be found anywhero, and there can be no doubt but that the pigs have oaten the remainder. It is said that this is the seccond illegitimato child to which the woman has given birth, but the first is alive. She is still at the public.house, but is under the care of the police, who have formally arrested her, and would have removed her had the doctors permitted. The girl is danger ounly ill, but the inquest will probably be commenced toumorrow. The discovery of the crime, and the re volting circumstanoce attending it, has caused thebo greatest excitement in the borough, and there is a strong footling that the pigs should be destroyed. BRUTAL AND CowAtsLY ATTAcK isron A Olit. AMAN.-On laest Sunday niight, at a late hour, says the Dubbo Dispatch, Ah Hlow, a Chinaman cook in the employ of Mr. J. A. Gardiner, of Gobolion, was attacked in a most unprovoked and dastardly manner by a man called Kenny, also employed at the same placeo. The particulars are as follows:--On Sunday night Kenny, who had boon to Wellington, returned to Ooholion, and oltering tbhe quarters of the China man, demanded something to eat. As it was very lato, and the cook was in bed, he naturally enough refused. The ruffian thereupon pulled him out of bhod, and, after kickling him smartly about the body, finished up the attack by striling the unfortunato OClestial on the head with some heavy implement, causing, as on be readily imagined, eovero injuries. On Tuesday morning Ah How was conveyed into Wellington for the purpose of swearing an informa. tion against Kenny. Up to this time, however, the police have not succeeded in arresting the offender. Ah Haow; under the treatment of IDr, Rygato, is sopeeodily recovering. GILBAT BIIEEP ?O?IoBen. - A vory extensive robbery of sheep is roportod in the Dubbo Dispatch. Eight hundred and'forty-throo shoep, sold by three meon to Mr. Frost, oattloe-dealor, Orange, have been seized by the polioo there as having boon stolon from Mr. Forlongo'e station, Murrumbidgerio. The in formation which led to their seizure was given by 3Mr. Mo Novin of Cardington. The throo men who sold the sheeoop represented them as having travelled from thbo Cstloroegh, and offered to bring some more in air weeks' time. It appears Mr. Forlongo has a largo fenood-in paddock, whioh was supposed to con. tain about thirty-four thousand shoop. No muster, however, has boon made for some time, and it is sup posed that the sheep draw through broken portions of the fonce, and the robbers seized the opportunity of driving a considerable lot of them away to the COa tumble Mountains, where a yard was made and a number of the sheep drafted. A portion of those wore sold in Orange,. for it is evident from facts that have transpired that some had to be loft on their journey. On arrival at Orange the stock was dis posed of to Mr. Frost. Great numbers of the Mur rumbidgorie sheep are still straying in the bueh, the police meeting with several mobs while lnvoestigating matters, Energetio offortas re being made by the police at Wellington; but overything at present is clouded in obscurity as to the perpetrators of the robbery, whoappear to have managed the matter very cleverly. We understand Mr. Forlonge has offered a reward of £100 on conviction, and expressed a very strong determination to do all he can to put down bheop-stealing. WALxINo.MATon. - Mr. Wiltohire. (says the Lyttleton Times of Juno 20) successfully completed his self-imposed task .of walking a thousand miles In a thousand hours at noon, yesterday, doing the last mile in excellent time. About three hundred persons assembled on the ground to witness this feat of human enduranoo, and one and all wore surprised that, considering what' he has undergone, the performer should be looking so well. So far from bolug knooked-up, he is able still to oontinu-e walking, and intends to go on, at least, until this ovening,' or, should uftlioent inducement offer, will try to add anothor five hundred miles to the thousand already completed. ,THEn- REA OABB AT BANDnrons-T-John Roe, son of Thomas Ron, the gunsmith, who stands commit toedto take his trial on a charge of criminally ae. sisulting the daughter of Richard Sponoer, was brought before the Sandhurst police court on Mon day. Evidence was given by Mrs. Sponcer that the prisoner had told her he would blow out the brains of her husband if he appeared against his father. The prisonor, through his counseol, pleaded guilty; but said that at the time hoe did not know what he was saying, being in an agony of mind owing to tho calamity whioah had overtaken his father. The prisoner was remended for another wook.-Tho man Thomas Roa was charged on remand at the Sand hurst police oourt on Tuesday, with having commit ted a capital assault on the person of Elizabeth Spencer, a girl under twelve yeara of age; but the onseo for the proseooution broke down, owing to the inability.of the pollee or the bonoh to induce thbo girl to omploto her ovidenoe. She narrated tbo olr oumstances leading .up to the assault in a very straightforward way-snd, indeed, it was romarlod by the bench that she gave the first part of her ovi doneeoo with more than ordinary intelligonce, consid ering her tender ago; but on ooming to the most im portant point, she could not be prevailed upon to prooeed, and when asked why she did not answer the questions put to her, she burst into tears. Tho bench spent fully throo-quarters of an hour in trying to elicit the facts, but eventually gave up the task as hopeless. The prisoner was dishargeod, but ho is still in custody churgod with a.e similar offence on another of Spehcor'e daughtors.-Australasian, E?NCOUNrTc 'witri A MANIAc. - On. Wednesday last (eays the Newcastle Chroniolo) as Mr. Lsnthall was superlntending hiemen-who are at the proesent lime engaged in painting the hospital buildings-bho happened to pass through the room in which was lying the unfortunate lunatic, William Oatloey who was brought before the bench on the same day on the charge of being of unsound mind, and ordered to bo sent to the Darllnghurst recolving-house,' The man was in chargoof rather an old man- Mr. Kemp. Mr. Kemp seeing the lunatio restless, went up to him and asked him if' he wanted a drink of water. The man did not reply, but proceeded to get out of his bod, 'SKomp observing this, made straight for the door:and esoaped. Mr. Lnnthall, who was totally unacquainted with the dangeros characteor of the man in whoas company he had been left alone, stood still for a time looking at him,' The lunatio picked up a hoeavy bootr and cropt atoalthily up to Air. Lonthall, and when within a few paces of him sprang upon and hit him nseovero blow with the boot on the shoulder-the boot likewise inflicting a gash over the right eye and taking the skin off the nose and two or' throe other parts of his, fhce. Mr. Lonthall, who was only partly on his guard, at once collaredotho man and kept him down till assistance arrived. The lunntio was, after some olight resiat anoo, strapped down, leaving his hands free. M'llse Morrow, the matron, shortly after,' feeling some compassion for the unfortunato man, wont and sat down by the side of the bod, After talking to him some time without rooulving any reply, and offering him some refreshments;, the man very cautiously drow his hand from under the clothes and struck Miss Morrow a severo blow on the mouth, causing tbohe blood to flow. ACOCIUNT TO' TIBc GOULUnUN COAoH, - Tho Draidwood Dispatch says that on Wednesday morn. ing, at about two o'clock, when Malono's moil-conoh from Goulburn was on its way to Braldwood, and at a short distance from Mrs, Day's publlo-house, it mot with an accident. From the account iven by Silk, the driver, it would appear that a drunken fellow, on horseback, galloping in the direction of Oonlburn, rushed madly against the coach-horses, whereby the harness and leading bars were smashed and the horses released. Ie (Silk) got them together again, picked up the bits, and proceeded as far as Mrs. Day's, where be left the coach and returned towards Goulburn to see if he could find out the man who had caused the accident. But this he was unable to do, so be telegraphed to his master in Braidwood to send out another coach to meet him. Accordingly Mr. Malone and his son left here with the mail at noon on Wednesdey, and upon arriving at Bore found that Silk had got there with the disabled coach which had been temporarily repaired by asp-. linge, but was in an unfit state to proceed further; in fact it is.there now undergoing repairs. Upon Mr. Malone telling Silk that be should never drive for him eagain.the man took to his heels as fast an h could. The mail from Braidwood was then sent on to Goulburn by Pat Malono, and bthe Braidwood one had to wait at Boro till Thursday morning, when upon the coach reaching there from Goulburn with that morning's mail, the two were brougbt on toge ther by Mr. Malone, who arrived punctually at the usual hour. DEATH FROM BLOOD POISONING. — Mr. James Williams of the Upper Shoalhaven about a fortnight ago hit his hand against a piece of wood, causing a slight abrasion of the skin, of which he thought nothing until his arm began to get inflamed as far as the shoulder, and his breathing interfered with, he being a stout man. In order to procure medical assistance he was removed on Monday night from his home, which is upwards of thirty miles from here, to Mr. Michael Gallager's house at Long Flat, where Dr. Llewellyn saw him on Tuesday morning and made an incision in his arm, from which came a great quantity of matter. This caused him imme- diate relief; but on Thursday, bad symptoms beginning to show themselves, the doctor was again sent for, and he arrived at Long Fiat about half an hour before his patient expired. The cause of death was pyæmia, which is a mixture of matter with blood in the circulation, and is usually known by the name of "blood-poisoning." The deceased leaves a widow and large family to mourn their loss.— Braidwood Dispatch. MELANCHOLY AND FATAL ACCIDENT.—It becomes our painful duty, says the Illawarra Mercury, to record an accident which occurred in this town (Wollongong) on Wednesday last, and by which a fine girl, daughter of Mr. William Coughrane of Five Islands, lost her life. It appears the deceased came into town on the day previous with the view of residing for some time with the wife of Mr. Thomas Coughrane, butcher, of Crown-street, to whom she was related. About six o'clock in the evening of Wednesday, Mrs. Coughrane was engaged in the kitchen at the rear of the house, and requiring some water from the well, she requested deceased to hold the baby while she (Mrs. Coughrane) would go for the water. Deceased at once said she would do so herself. Mrs. Coughrane demurred, remarking that she was afraid she (deceased) might fall into the well. Deceased, however, insisted upon going for the water, remarking in a jocular way that there was no danger of her falling into the well, as she was "growing quite a woman;" and so saying she took a bucket or can and proceeded to the well, which is situated close to the end of the kitchen. Mrs. Cough rane states that deceased was not gone much more than a minute when she went to look after her, and seeing the well open and the water-vessel on the top, she concluded at once that the girl had fallen into the water. She gave the alarm to her husband, who was at hand, and he almost in an instant jumped into the well; but not being a swimmer, and there being about ten feet of water in the well, he could neither dive to the bottom nor see any trace of the girl on the surface. He was then taken out of the well, and by means of a grappling-iron the body of deceased was soon brought to the surface of the water, and from thence to the top. Dr. Lyons was sent for, and was promptly in attendance, and being willingly assisted by a number of neighbours, he did all that medical skill could do to restore animation; but all was of no avail, although the body was quite warm when taken out of the water. The well into which the deceased fell is closely covered with planks, and has a trap-door which rises and falls upon 'hinges, the passage through such door to the water being no more than eighteen or twenty inches square. It is presumed that the deceased in lifting the door (which is not heavy) lost her balance and fell through the small entrance head foremost. An inquest was held yesterday before Mr . E. F. Smith, coroner for the district, touching the sad accident, when evidence and a verdict in accordance with the foregoing statement were given. The deceased, whose name was Mary Jane, had just turned thirteen years, and was a most promising girl, being a favour ite with all who knew her. Deep sympathy is felt for her parents and relatives in their heartrending bereavement. It is a singular as well as a melan choly coincidence that deceased was full cousin to a daughter of Mr. Robert Martin, who, about the same age and in nearly a similar manner, was drowned at Shellharbour a few years since. WRncat OP TttE A.tInttcA.-The following, with reference to the wreck of the schooner Amorlca, with loss of lifo, is from the Fill Times of Juno 7: " By the arrival of thecutter Lapwing, we learn the melanhoboly intelligence of the loss of the schooner America, with all but two hands, those two boing Polyneeslan Islandern, who will be brought here by the schooner Rifle, expected to arrive vory shortly. Tho.details are very meagre. The vesseol was stand ing in towards the shore, when it is supposed that she struck a rook, as sheo put about suddenly, and almost immediately filled and capsized. Oaptain Dillon, who was in command of her, was woll known throughout Fiji, and unalversally respecltd. The most lamentable feature in the onse Is that he had beoon only recently married, and had taken ble young wife with him." NEw Z? Ahra D.-- oncurning native affairs in NOw Zealand, a spoolal correspondent of the New Zealand lIerald, writing from Motalrotako, on the West Oonst frontioer line, says:--"Tawhalio has acirculated a re: port to the offeot that he has given Mr. Mackay and lthe goveromoent a month to go and capture Purukutu, but as they have not availed themselves of that op. portunity, he has ordered Purukutu to To Kulti, whoro he now is, and has boon for some days. Now Tawbiao will protout him, and it will be to To Kulti the pakohas will have to go if they wish to capture him, The report is believed by thebo Hauhaus of Kawhat and Aeoton. I have boon informed.by a chief of note bolonging to Kawhia that Tawhalo will never consent to give up the murderers, and that he means war. The opinion is borne out both by tIauhaus and Kaupapas that I have conversed with. Tawhaio has issued a proclamation to the following etffot:--'That shedding of blood by murder was etopped, and that he had told the lauhau natives of Kawhla and Aeotna that the fighting, if there was to be any, with the pakohes.would be in Waikato, and con flned to that country, that Kawhia and Aetna her. bours were tapu, and right over to Raglan, meaning the township was to be esacred, that no European or Kupapas were to be molusted or murdered. Tawhaio will not have Kawshia or Aoten Interfered with, hence he has left a largo armed force In each harbour. Tihe IIathaus of Kawhia and Aotoa are bringing over their pigs as fast as they can, and driving them to Raglan for osale. Ten Haubuhas have left Kawhia and come over to etayal Hone To Ono's, at Motako takeo, They will not return to Kawbhi, They are preparing the maIud posts 'for the stoekdbu, to he ,rected inside the pa, with a dlteh outside tho bUlld Ing. There oaro twenty-nino rifles in the pa, and To Kowono, at Markalta, about two wiles from'the pa, towards the sea coast, has twenty more rilfloes." .O aOnvsnva E nvs. - Acordingto the WaggiS Wagga Enprosa, the omu ie bcgtning 'to besert a right to.hin'native heath"· with an amoshteof forceo that proves how much he has boon bonoe fitted by irillieatlon. An'instanco of tboennorgotlo resistance which tho bird attempts to any furthir enoroachmonts of humanity upon its domain rooontly occurred on Bullonboung Plaine, , Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrbd, rof whose prowess in the fleld let the spirits of departed duoks and snipo boar witness, w driving across th plhin In uoatlion on Fiidiy Iest, when he uamo upon a flock of about thirty omuns. Tho birds woro a oneeldorablo dietatnoo .fromhim when he first observed them; but instead of their manifoesting any alarm at his approeoh, they awaited it quieotly, and when within a hundred yards of him, portion mado a moae in the direction of thebo vohlale and Its ocupant. With seteady and deoolded stops they approached, headed by a very Gollath.of an omu,-a patrliarehal bird who elong had fed upon the plain, and had grown anuioent upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolostod, eanvo by the occaslonal spoar of the blaokfellow, s lr. Rob. bins, who had never witnnssed this idiosynorasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approanch with bccomlog fortitudo and a gun, When the bIirds got within about nlghty yards he fired, ind the loader of the van paid the ponalty of his curioslty wlth a moat dialnlbd' itsomersult. The abehot, howvor,q was not f1afl and tho qnudeod bird made off, perfor;lng at in;terals acrobatio feats similar to the first. Mr. Robbine then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the feeact by a well directed kirk in the stomach from the bird. HeI rollapsed at about five yards' distance, awhither the force of thebo blow sent him. Hlie promptly picked himself up agains, and uachained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of "the Fool," from the hack of the trap. The Fool considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar rsistance to that experienced by the master met him. Mr. Robbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforeoo ment, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decoronsly, after an appeal in the eha?le of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed fwarm for some time; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flook left fit to the possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr. Robbins seoured to hie trap and skinned that night by his camp-fire; but the others, owing to ,their weight, were allowed to remain as memorials of the encounter, 