A MYSTERY OF THE SEA. We take the following from the Gibraltar Chronicle of January 30 : — In the Chronicle of December 13 last ap peared a short paragraph announcing the arrival of the vessels Dei Gratia and Mary Celeste, the latter of which was found aban doned at sea by the former. An inquiry into the case was at once instituted, and has been going on ever since. As the circumstances of the case are very extraordinary, a summary of the facts elicited may be of interest. On the 13th of December a report was made by the master and crew of the British ship Dei Gratia that, on the 5th of that month, they had found, in lat. 28° 20' N., long. 17° 15' W.. a derelict shin, which thev made out to 7 1. ' ?/ be the American brigantine Mary Celeste. They further stated that, at the time when thev fell in with the derelict, their own ship, the Dei Gratia, was on the port tack, the wind being from the north, while the Mary Celeste, with her jib and foremast staysail set, was on the starboard tack ; and also that th.j derelict was perfectly sound, and that there waa not the least apparent cause for her having been abandoned. This latter statement was in itself so extraordinary that the Queen's Proctor in the Admiralty Court, Mr. F. Solly Flood, ordered a special survey of the vessel in the first instance on the 23rd of December last by Mr. Austin, surveyor of shipping, and Ricardo Portunata, diver, accompanied by the Marshal of the Court, Mr. T. Vecchio. The result of this and subsequent surveys was in ? brief, as follows : — 1. As regards the cargo — it consisted of barrels marked as containing alcohol, all of which were well stowed and in good order and condition, except one which had been started. 2. As regards the ex terior of the hull belovv the water line — it did not ia any part exhibit the slightest trace of damage, nor was thVre any appearance that the vessel had eortw into collision with any other ship, nor, iu s-hort, that she had sus tained any injury whatever, the hull, the copper with which it was covered, the stem, sternpost, and rudder being all in good order and condition. 3- As regards the interior of -the ship — a very minute survey showed most clearly that not only the vessal had not sus- . tained any accident, but that, on any account, she could not have encountered any seriously heavy weather. The whole of the hull, masts, and yards, were in good condition, and the pitch in the water-ways had not started, which must have been the case had any bad weather been experienced. The deck-house, made of thin planking, and 6ft. in. height above the deck, was perfect, there not being a crack in the planking nor even in the paint. The seamen's chests and the clothing found on board were perfectly dry,, some razors even being quite free from rust. Moreover, a small phial containing oil for use with a sewing machine was found in a perpendicular position, whic'i, together with a thimble and a reel of cotton discovered near it, had not been upset, as must have been the case if the ship had been subject to any stress of weather. Spare panes of glass were also found stowed away and unbroken. All the articles of furniture in the captain's cabin, including a harmonium, were in their proper places and uninjured by water, the music and other books being also dry. Einally, the conclusion ar rived at by the surveyor, Mr Austin, is that there exists no apparent reason why the ves sel should have been abandoned. But in addit;on to the above facts, a sword was discovered which, on its being drawn out of its scabbard, exhibited signs of having been smeared with blood and afterwards wiped j further, the top gallant rail had marks on it, apparently of blood, and both bows of the vessel had been cut. to all appearances inten tionally, with some sharp instrument. No bills of lading nor manifest was found on board. The effects found in the Captain's cabin were of considerable value, and proved that a lady and child had been on board. Naturally, various theories are set up to account for this extraordinary series of facts, and the finding of the sword and the blood stains are held to point to some deed of vio lence. Be this as it may, the fact remains that up to the present date not a word has been heard nor a trace discovered of the cap tain or ti:e crew, or the lady and her child. The captain, B. S. Briggs, by name, is well known in Gibraltar, and bore the highest character. It can only be hoped that, by giving the utmost publicity to the circum stances, some light may be thrown on this, at present, most mysterious case. A Tale of Terror. — A tale of incredible Lorror reaches the New lorh Herald from Illinois. It is ?well, that journal says, for tbe journalistic mind that it is not often called upon to describe an event of such mky and unmitigated gloom. The time was August, tlie skies were fair, when seated in a railway car, bright, blooming, bashful, and beautiful a young bridal pair vent forth from Peoria. The husband of an hour was all pride and tenderness ; but the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the slow train moved from the station, the iair younjj being' incautiously put her head out of the window, perchance to scent the morninjr breeze, like Hamlet's lather's ghost; perchance to wave a last farewell to the weeping friends of her childhood. Too, too fatal moment ! A telegraph pole did not decapitate her ; ah no ! That were joy com pare 1 to ? Hastily bringing her head wkhai the car, she buried an agonised face in her hands. The terrified bridegroom is said to have instantly expressed Limself, with yreat presence of mind in this touching and memorable language — 'What is it darling? What frightened it, dear ? Tell its own habby ? What makes it cry ?' What, indeed, O vicious Fate ! She had dropped a lovely and expensive 6et of teeth ont of windows. She never smiled again uutil she had.vpited a deutist. (C t *%J 