THE HERMIT OF THE BLUE MOUNTAINS. BY AUSTRALIE. BOOK XII.—(PART II.) [CONCLUSION.] The weeks flow on. The snow has passed away From Tomah's summit; pink the fruit trees blush With blossom-clouds, and sombre gum trees bud, Or in some favoured spot from every branch Hang out white bunches of soft feathery bloom, A honey garden rife with murmuring bees, Filling the air with aromatic scent, Like incense rising to the God of joy. Templar and Frank are busy with young crops, While Alice, watching in another field— The field of life—foresees with motherly eye A coming joy, a harvest fair of love, And dares not check the growth that seems to her Natural and happy. But she says no word To help or mar. So free, the youth and maid Pore o'er one book, forgetting all the world Save their two selves; or wander forth alone Amid the quickening air, the rising sap Of budding trees, the songs of wooing birds, And bursting germs of earth. And in their souls An answering spring-tide wakes, a vague sweet joy Stirs in each bosom, and their pulses throb With exquisite sense of new delicious life. One day their words grow deeper, and some power Seems hovering near, as suddenly they come Upon the head of a great rifted glen, A mighty cavern worn from blackening rock, And widening into a valley in whose depths There clusters thick a wealth of giant fern, With noble fronds outspread. And far above Stand rocky heights of cinnamon rich brown Touched here and there with feathery emerald tufts. Then from the summit, richly overgrown With tangled carpet of light beaded fern Down-rushes swiftly a white-frothing stream, Leaping from ledge to ledge with cresting spray In chain of cascades, sprinkling diamond drops On shining leaflets, finding rest awhile Cool in the dark depths of a mossy well Ere rippling on to join some sea-bound stream. Silent awhile stand Mabel and Alfier, Soothed and entranced, watching the sunbeams play Upon the flashing waters. Neither speak, But love forever born of beauty wakes, And hand unconsciously is clasped to hand— Eyes meet with question and with answer—soul Leaps forth to soul. And while the water-fall Downward and ever downward murmuring foams, In melody of liquid music-tones, Two hearts have met, mingling for evermore To flow, o'er smooth and rough, in one life-stream Into the Eternal Sea. And once again, As million times before, yet ever new, The old, old tale is told, the answer gained, In woman's eyes the knight has found his quest— The one, true quest of every human heart, Sans which its earthly mission knows no goal. No ring has he that finger small to yoke, And bind until love's golden circle comes, But still their troth is firm. A flower blooms Close to their feet, a fringed violet frail, Hued like her own blue eyes. He plucks and gives This first love-token. Then they homeward wend, To tell their happy secret. As they walk The world seems changed to glorious fairy-land. To Mabel's childlike innocent young soul The consciousness of love feels like a dream Sweet in its strangeness, fluttering in its joy. She has ne'er trod in the old world's worn paths, And seen love's aspects, powers for good and ill, Nor read in books, or talked of "Cupid's dart," Till what were new to every heart grows stale, Duly expected, frittered off in sparks, That rob the true fire of its heartful force. Nay, she, the guileless mountain- maid, has thought Solely of mother's, brother's calm affection kind. True, she has read in books of poems, some tales Of passion and devotion, but they seemed Still to belong to some great other realm Of fancy and romance; so ne'er has dreamed The rich o'erwhelming poetry of life Could come to her, so wild in purity. Yet now untaught, she seems to know at once The varied pleasures, tender blisses pure Of love, that power so different, and so same— So same in outward signs, so divers yet In inner working. Sometimes a sweet peace, Unfathomed and unfathomable, still Spreading contented through the quiet soul— Sometimes a surging passion, restless, strong, Rousing life's centres into dangerous heat; Rarely a mere slow pulsing through chill veins Whose utmost glow with frozen worldness blends; But oftenest, and now, a happy thrill, Such as a bud must feel when warm spring's kiss, Touching its green- wrapped petals, bids them stir And soft unfold their beauty to the sun, To blossom forth to new and lovelier life. So Mabel feels, yet knows not what she feels; But quickly passing to her mother's room Hideth her blushing face upon that breast, With sunshine shower of happy pent-up tears. Then comes the tale, told as to one alone, The true, true mother, all the daughter's heart Poured out in full security of deep Heart-answering sympathy. And Alice feels, Sweet Alice—young once more, her own soul bound With warm responding joy, the Venus' star Relighted in her bosom, as the girl Speaks out the first notes of her young love song; And bride-and-wife-and-mother-chords thrill out In unison with her own woman-child, Till both in concert weep with loving joy. A plighted lover now Alfier stays on, Happy within the quiet sheltered nook, But happier still in light of Mabel's smile. Bright are the spring hours of affianced love, A love that is but love undoubting, free, Bereft of care that wider knowledge brings. Hidden from all the world, a wild bush-flower Has Mabel grown, and put forth all her leaves Simply and naturally, duly fed And nourished by the kindly healthful dews Of nature and affection. And when now The time for richer blossoming has come She puts forth all her colours, drinking in The fuller sunlight, and receiving all With grateful careless joy. And so the twain Explore deep valleys, seeking flowers and ferns, Climb eyrie heights 'atwixt the earth and sky; Or sit awhile to take some passing sketch That memory-haloed in dim far-off years Of future life, may tenderly recall The young bright days of love's awakening bliss. Scarce has one week of their betrothal passed Than every myrtle bending o'er the creek Dons a white robe of bridal-blossom sweet; And all the feathery dark mimosa trees, That long have shivered gloomily at life, Now, seeming touched by some bright sympathy Burst forth into a joy of golden bloom, Lading each wafted breeze with luscious scent Till all the vales are gilded, and earth seems To sing the glee song of rewakened youth. And on the path whereon the lovers tread Fresh flowers spring up—lobelias blue and gold, With pink boronia and mauve orchid spires; * Though the localities are altered to suit the tale, this is in reality a description of the waterfall about two miles from the Blue Mountain Inn. The honeysuckle aimed with prickly darts From wooing birds guards crimson nectar wells; The iris hangs out purple gala flags, And clematis gleams like galaxy of stars; From branch to branch the scarlet glory-pea Droops in festoons, which laughing May will pluck, And binding into garlands deck her head. While Alfier gazes with o'er-beaming light Of proud fervour in his eyes. Happy they both: trusting, untroubled she; Yet he, true manlike, not unthinking quite, But full of plans for her, and wonderings How best to cherish his fair treasure—waked To pleasant anxious cares, protective thoughts That seem to call his very manhood now First into play; and brave within him beat The pulses of new power and will to take A noble part in life, to strive and grow More worthy, strong to guard the tenderer life Now linked unto his own. Such diverse points Are brought forth in the man and woman a breast By plighted love: To her a mystery, Vague-throbbing with new hopes and dim felt thoughts Of tender duties clustering round the path— The fresh life-path where, led by his dear hand Scarce needing e'en to choose her trustful steps, She peacefully may walk. So in this dream Of restful love, so rare in latter days Of lucre seeking and o'er-anxious care, The lovers move. Some fresh Arcadian touch Born of the virgin soil whereon they tread Dwells in their young romance, and every change On mother Nature's features seems a type Of their own opening life. Sometimes Alfier Will note the clouds that float across the sky White in the heavens, casting on the hills Black shadows grim that seem too dark to move, And fear the omen. But the sunny child Will answering bid him mark how short the time Ere pass the mists, borne onward by the breeze The very self-same wind that e'en had brought This transient trouble on Earth's smiling brow. But most they love to stand on some fair height And overlook the mighty fields of hills, So like their future does the scene appear Lovely in foreground, lovelier still afar In fairy land of future, ridge on ridge, Gaining more beauty in the distance, haze. At times, no doubt, the shadows still will flit Across their landscape, rest upon their life; But then, as now, they may but rich enhance The brilliancy of the contrasting bliss, Show forth new points, fresh joys of light and shade, And deepen depths that ne'er perchance were known, In cloudless sunshine. Would 'twere thus in life!— That each fair range of earth experience might Aye prove as lovely as it seemed from far, Each cloud or beam evolving beauties new! So fancieth each 'twill be in their own case. Never a pair of lovers but have thought To read the world a version new and pure Of the old story. Though, ah me, ah me! It scarce can be till God's Utopia comes! Unsullied life-love, like the Holy Grail, Is rarely seen through gross mar-mists of earth; Yet each, by striving nobly to fulfil Their youth's ideal, may help the longed-for end And raise the world one step towards the sky. CONCLUSION. One year has passed. Four seasons come and gone. A rustic church is decked with fern and flower, Wreaths of soft moss and tea-tree blossom twine Around each wooden pillar. Creamy bells Of white bignonia, mingling with festoons Of blue pea-flowered kennedea, deck the walls. No tinted glass is there, but 'bowering leaves And God's blue sky gleam through transparent panes; Yet like rose-windows crimson waratahs, In clusters, add a richness to the hues. Above the table, where a priest awaits The wedding pair, there bends a circle wrought Of white rock lilies, and the altar rails Wave snowy with their plumes, enframed with green. Now through an arch of blushing native rose A young bride enters on her father's arm, Robed in soft white with misty cloud of veil Held to the golden hair by nature wreath Of myrtle and fringed violet, intertwined With tender maiden-hair. No bridal throng No guests, save a fair mother and her son, Distracts the eye from the one vision pure Of the sweet mountain-maid, who, shyly, lifts Her eyes unto her lover's as he takes His place—his right forever—at her side. With trembling Mabel speaks the faint "I will" That links her to Alfier, and Ailie's eyes Are filled with tears while listening to the words Of God's most holy ordinance, heard ne'er since At Frederic's side she stood herself a bride. What sorrow since that hour! May her dear child Be spared such cross! And yet, how dare she ask For aught save God's own will, for has not good Richly come forth from ill, and sacred joy Of hallowed love run like a golden thread Through all their pain? Plighted the life-long troth, The endless ring is placed, the vows are said— "Cherish and love," "Love, honour, and obey," "For worse or better, until death us part." The blessing hands have waved o'er bending heads, And the wild forest flower—the gipsy maid— Is now a wife—May Templar is no more. Contented, Frederic Templar joyful smiles When his sweet child and Guy Delorne's brave son As man and wife pass down the rustic aisle, Their names now one indeed, and his sad past —Fled like a morning frost before the sun— Finding fruition in pure wedded love And quiet noontide of the blended life. FINIS. AUSTRALIE. Clyde, July 22, 1873. NOTE.—"Australie" would be much obliged if any readers of the Sydney Mail would send her a written account of any Aus- tralian legends, ghost stories, histories of bushrangers, or charac- teristic stories, they may happen to know, and which might prove useful at "bricks" for poems or tales. Address 168, Alberto-terrace, Woolloomooloo. In a night school the other evening, in a village not twenty miles from Oxford, the teacher was trying to make his class understand the meaning of subtraction, and, to illustrate his subject, said, "Supposing a farmer had four hundred sheep, and he sold fifty of them, by what process would he understand how many he had left? What would he do?" A raw- boned lad of fourteen, with beaming face and outstretched arm, replied as soon as he caught the teacher's eye, "Ask the shuppard, sir." 