THE WINNING HORSE. SCENE I.—South Yarra. Time: End of October. Enter EDWIN and ANGELINA. ED. Dear ANGELINA, it has come to this, I cannot live on kisses any longer. This hope deferred has made my heart so sick, Has wrought such inroads on my appetite That I am perishing of inanition, And dwindling day by day and hour by hour Into a mathematical straight line, With neither breadth nor thickness. Very soon This onetime too too solid flesh will melt, Thaw, and resolve itself into a Jew— AUG. A dew, dear EDWIN. ED. Very well, adieu— But not to thee, my ANGELINA, never. Like THINGUM* I—and would I were in battle, "His lip was silent, scarcely beat his heart, His eye alone proclaimed 'We will not part Thy band may perish or thy friends may flee, Farewell to life, but not adieu to thee,'" My ANGELINA! Whereat did I stop? Thaw and resolve itself into a dew, Thaw and— ANG. Well, no more thaw just now. Proceed. ED. Yes, but you put me out so.—You perceive How thin I'm growing, all thro' mere suspense. I think of nothing else the whole day long But only you; I dream of you, of course, And wake to sigh; indeed I sigh so much And eat so little, careless of my victuals, I'll soon be nothing but a bag of sighs. ANG. Of good big size, dear EDWIN. ED. You may jest, But I am resolute to speak at last, To tell you that I love you to distraction, And cannot live without you, but must have you; And here upon my knees and on the grass Entreat you to—to—be yourself no more, But mine; to change yourself or change your name— Henceforward and for ever known to fame As Mrs EDWIN ANGELINA JONES. ANG. Good gracious, EDWIN, is it possible? Then ask papa. ED. Papa! but think you not 'Twere better to prepare him, let him know My purpose and proposal, which none else Could manage so adroitly as yourself. Go, ANGELINA, never be afraid: Say I solicit his dear daughter's hand In holy matrimony. 'Tis a form, Merely a form, refusal is impossible: Go, and return with lifelong happiness. SCENE II. Same place. Time, ten minutes later. Enter ANGELINA, weeping. ED. In tears, my ANGELINA! name the cause: Some horrible catastrophe's at hand; Hold me or I shall be a homicide, And slay, slay, slay. O had I thunderbolts I'd launch them forth as plenteously as hail And smash the hated universe to atoms. But tell me, has your ruthless parent dared To interrupt our union? will he use His delegated brief authority To make two beings miserable? Then------ ANG. No, EDWIN, no. Papa has merely said That since you've nothing, and as I've the same, 'Twere better not be too precipitate; But that as soon as you have earned enough To keep me and yourself he will be glad To let you have me, and with all his heart: So try, dear EDWIN, to procure some money. * Is there no error in this name?—P.D. ED. Money! base compromise, mean subterfuge! I have no money, never had nor shall. Yet stay, my ANGELINA, hold! the world Is not ten million myriad cycles old For nothing, neither. I have an idea. ANG, O EDWIN, do you say so? O good gracious! ED. My father had a father. ANG. Really! ED. Listen! This father's father died and went—to glory; But sometimes he revisits me in sleep, And tells me secrets of the other world, And how to gain emolument in this— ANG. That's much more practical: the good old man! ED. Lately he has advised me on the cup— ANG. O EDWIN dearest, just the very thing; You'll take me to it in my new spring dress. ED. For sixteen nights in absolute succession My father's father's ghost has said to me, "Grandson, my boy, I have a wrinkle for you; I know the Horse that is to win the cup. Go forth among the wealthy of the turf And lay upon him; you will win." ANG. O my! ED. Well, I've inquired; and here's the joke about it, The knowing ones consider him no good, A mere outsider. I'll get any odds; A thousand, say, to one; and that on fifty Is FIFTY THOUSAND POUNDS—on Thursday first. ANG. O EDWIN, run; O we shall be so rich! What is the horse's name? ED. His name is—hush! There may be listeners: I'll secure the odds. My grandsire's ghost said, "There, I see the race; Your horse comes past the winning post alone, No other near. So kiss me and adieu. SCENE III.—Lawn at the grand stand. Time: To-morrow. ED. HOW beautiful you look, my ANGELINA! How only sorry I did not procure A carriage and four horses, and drive out In proper style; but when we get the cash All will be altered. I have seen the Horse, And brought you—tut, where is it?—here, a hair Out of his tail! and see, they're getting ready, I wish 'twere over: in ten minutes more The thing will be as fixed as adamant, And we as rich as ROTHSCHILD. There, they come; O, glorious! O, magnificent! O, grand! ANG. And EDWIN dear, shall I have diamond earrings? ED. And necklace too, and bracelets, brooches, rings. By Jove they're off; hurrah! keep down in front. He'll win, I know he will. Confound that girl; Put down the parasol—Where is he now? I've lost him; hi, you there, take off your hat; Hear how the crowd roars; but keep cool, keep cool. Whip him, you scoundrel: fifty thousand pounds, I've fifty thousand on the winning horse. He wins, I tell you: here they come; they're past. I've won, I know I've won. What do they shout? Look for the numbers, I can scarcely see. O Jupiter, O ANGELINA ! ANG. What? Is it our horse? ED. Yes, there, O hold me, there; That scarecrow there, some half a mile behind! No other near!—O that infernal ghost! (Collapse, in each other's arms, of Edwin and Angelina.) 