THE WEEK'S NEWS. The LEGmLATTrE Council Elbctton.—An inftuentially signed requisition was lately pre sented to the Mayor of Moonta, asking mm to call a meeting to consider who were the heat candidates to return to the Upper Souse;- but ■ on Wednesday night, the time fixed tor the gathering, we learnt from our correspondent by telegram that the attendance was so small that no business was done. Libel and Pebjury Cases.—Just as the Supreme Court was about to rise at the further adjournment of the case of Towler v. Rounsevell on Thursday, Mr. Boucaut applied to Mr. Justice Wearing for a rule nisi of attachment against Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P.; for contempt of Court. The counsel remarked that an informa tion for libel had recently been heard in the Adelaide Police Court, and the defendant com mitted for trial to the Supreme Court, One of the parties in that case, who was a witness; had been most violently attacked and accused of perjury in a public print of the colony [ the Kapunda Guardian]. Such a charge being made before the libel case had gone to trial was calculated to injure the witness in the minds of the Jury, and was a contempt of Court. His Honor suggested that the application should be made to the Poll Court, and said he would attend on Friday in order that the Full Court might sit if his learned colleague, Mr. Justice Gwynne, thought fit. Mr. Boucnut then announced bis intention of thus applying. At the sitting of the Court on Friday morning the rule nisi was granted. On Thursday morning, at the City Police Court, Mr. JSbeneeer Ward, M.P., laid an information against Mr. Rowland Rees, C.E., for perjury, alleged a to hive been committed in giving evidence during the libel case. The information will be heard at the Police Court on Tuesday. The Glenelg Railway.—The Engineero of the Company, Mr. Benjamin Boothby, has almost completed the works for the Glenelg Railway line, and in two or three weeks they will probably be altogether finished, and only dependent upon the plant that is now on the water. The line is now finished from the Jetty at Glenelg to the junction of Sturt street and Halifax streets, Adelaide. It .has not yet been joined to the rails on the Jetty, As the consent of the Commissioner of Public Works, to whom the Marine Board has referred the matter, is first required. During next week the railway will be taken as far as _ the Supreme Court, which will be the limit until further-powers are granted by the City Council. There are. bridges over the River Sturt and the BrownhQl Creek, as well as culverts over various drains and creeks, and the crossings over the Brighton and Willunga roads will be finished in the course of a few days. It is anticipated that the hallanting will be all down in a fortnight. Two single .. Bessill bogie engines have been made, to tine order of the Company by Messrs. Robert Stephenson & Co., and these are now on their way to South Australia in the Mary BlundeU. They will probably arrrive about the end of April, and are accom panied by an experienced fitter and driver, who will put them together when they reach the colony, and, he will, if a suitable man, remain in the service of the Company as foreman of the workshop. By a later vessel are ex pected two large palace cars on the American principle but with the latest English improve ments, and the same ship will bring out four " underframea and bogies," on which carriages to suit the requirements of the traffic can be built. Already two; spacious car riages of a plainer make have been constructed here by Messrs. Gottrell & Son, and these will be used as soon as the engines are ready. . A large carriage-house has been built at South-terraoe, of stone and galvanized iron. This will shelter the engines at first, but afterwards it will be necessary to construct an ~ engine-house. In all probability the line will be - opened for traffic by the beginning of Jane next. Hope Valley Lodge.—On Thursday next a picnic will take place in connection with the Sope Valley Lodge, A.LO.O.F., on grounds belonging to Mr. R. D. Ross, pleasantly situated upon the banks of the Torrens, about ten miles north-east of Adelaide. The Committee have made arrangements for a great variety of games, and hade offered over twelve guineas in prises to athletes. The Concordia Band has been engaged, and Hill & Co.'s busses will convey excursionists from Adelaide and back. The amusements will be followed in the evening by a dinner and ball at the Bremen Hotel. In the Register business columns will be found the full programme. Government Railways.—We have been officially informed that the Executive sent orders to England per the mail steamer for twyj new locomotive engines and tenders, also tee ironwork for 100 goods trucks, the bodies of which are to be made in the colony. Gasworks.—A new retort-house, which has been erected on the premises' of the South Australian Gas Company, was publicly opened on Friday afternoon, March 28, in tee presence of the Directors and a large number of share holders and other gentlemen. There are six furnaces, five only of which were lighted upon this occasion. There are seven retorts to each furnace, and the retort power of the Company will now be two and a half times what they previously possessed. When all the retorts are in active working as much as 300 tons of coal per week can be carbonized. AtpresentlGOtonsisthe quantity consumed weekly, but in the winter it is expected that the consumption will be in creased to 200 tens. The whole establishment is a model of order and good management. The Late Mb. John Ellis.—Our obituary to-day contains the name of Mr. John Ellis, better known as Captain EUis (though ho neither assumed nor had the least pretention to the designation). The deceased arrived from England by the Buckinghamshire en March 22, 1839, in company with the late Captain William Allen, and in conjunction with that gentleman made almost immediately some very large pur chases of land, conspicuous among which was that of the Milner Estate from Mr. G. M. Stephen, which occupied such a prominent posi tion in the Courts at teat period. Mr. Ellis also engaged very largely in pastoral pursuits, his stations extending from the Little Para to the Hummocks, the country comprising tee latter run having been first stocked by him. He entered very little into public business till the establishment of the first partially-elective Legislative Council in August, 1851, when he was returned for Flinders, having successfully contested tee district with tee late Mr. Matthew Smith. Some years ago he sold a large portion »f his colonial property and re turned to England, retaining, however, some considerable runs in the South-East. A few months since he arrived in Melbourne, we believe by the steamer Great Britain, and after visiting his station at Benara, and transacting some necessary business in connection with it, returned again to England. He has left a widow, the eldest daughter of tee late Rear - Admiral Sir John Hindmarsh, fust Governor of South Australia, and eight ohildren by a former marriage. Mr. Ellis's death occurred in London on March 22, the thirty fourth anniversary of his original lauding here. We have no information as to his exact ago, but we imagine he could not be far from 70. New Episcopalian Church.—The new church at Virginia was opened by licence of the Bishop of Adelaido on Thursday, March 27. Divine service was held at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m., on which occasions the building was filled by an attentive congregation. The clergy who were present and took part in the service were the Dean, Canon Coombs (Rural Dean), the Revs. H. M. Pollitt, S. Green, A. Honner, and the Rev. W. Scott, the Incumbent. The morning sermon, which was on the subject of the dedica tion of a House of God, was preached by Canon Coombs; and that in the afternoon, which was appropriate to the harvest celebration, was by the Rev. S. Green. The musical part of the service was conducted by - Mr. J. S. Cope, assisted by ten of tho St. Paul's Church choristers. Dinner and tea were provided on a libera] scale for the visitors, some of whom camo from a considerable distance, and the proceed ings of the day made a considerable stir in the neighbourhood. The offertory on behalf of tho Building Fund amounted to £19 17s. The structure is a good specimen of the early English style, with double lmcct windows; the material used in the walls is stone with brick quoins, and the roof is of timber. Tho undei taking has been carried out ia a spirited manner. The building, from the laying of the foundation stone, has been completed in less than six months. Moving.—The migration of farmers from tho neighbourhood of Kapunda to the Northern Areas continues, and well-loaded wagons may occasionally be seen tending northwards with the appurtenances of agriculturists, who are in search of "fresh fields and pastures new." Ft)rGvhv.—Edward Cox, formerly a stone mason in Waymouth-street, who disappeared suddenly from this colony nearly a year ago, leaving a number of forged acceptances, was, as our readers are aware, arrested in Melbourne a shot t time back. He was brought to Adelaide in tho steamer Aldinga, and on Friday morning at the City Pdice Court was committed for trial upou a charge of forging a hill of vxchar.ge for £2;". Ho was remanded on a wcand charge, and we understand several in >re inf.ivinV.iom of a like nature ai u to be !.\i t agUL-d U:>,n A SalVagR Teip.—The Young 8t._ George vu amongst the pilot cotters at a period when the officials made ducks and drakes of their money by chasing each other round the Gulf. Next she joined the oyster fleet and dredged molluscs, but about five weeks back she took a aew start and turned salvor. She started from Port Adelaide with a full crew and power to float off the schooner Kangaroo, then known to be stranded on or about Gape Eliza beth, but the weather proved most un propitious, so instead of rescuing the Kan garoo she only got her masts, windlass, and a suit of sails. _ The_ salvors worked hand, and •very one tried his best, but the schooner broke up, and was lost to Lloyd's or any other Est. The return passage in the little craft has been interesting, for she had only just started fairly on the voyage when a heavy gale set in, which drove Captain D. Tapiey to seek the shelter of Hordang Island, and for several days the rabbits, fish, and birds in the vicinity suffered severely from the inroads of his vessel's company. When the weather moderated the craft was again put under sail, and passed Troubridge with a fair wind a few hours later. She reached the roads on Thursday morning, ana her owner had such an experience of the qualities of his boat that he intends at once employing artificers to so alter her as to improve her working in a seaway. The Northern Territory.—At Kapunda the prospects of the Northern Territory are engaging great attention, and many persons have made up their minds to give the plaoe a trial. The Kapunda Yam Creek Company have, out of a large number of applicants, selected men to go by the first vessel, and several private parties nave been formed toetart early. The Locusts.—In the neighbourhood of Auburn these winged pests are still very destructive, eating up the green feed, and thus mnch enhancing "the price of butter. From Salisbury we learn that there the plague has subsided, thus enabling the vignerons and gar deners to breathe more freely. The nuisances did not go a minute too soon, and at one time it was feared that the whole crop of grapes would fall a prey to their voracity. The Tin Trade.—In referring to a recent paragraph which stated that " a well- known firm" here had in one month of the present seassn paid £500 for jam tins, Messrs. A. Murray and Sons, of Craiglee, Coromandel Valley, in form us that they have disbursed in a month over £550 for jam tins. The Gawler Baptist Church.—The Btmyip writes:—"This handsome structure, which is somewhat striking owing to the peculiarities of its architecture, has been reared with great dispatch, and is rapidly approaching comple tion^ when it wQl certainly prove also an acqui sition externally to the south end of the town; especially if the ground belonging to it be suit ably enclosed, and planted with some of the choicer aiboretal productions of nature, of which the churchyard of St. George's, the Mayor's, and Mr. Clement's handsome residences in th heart of the town furnish pleasing models." Funeral op the Late Mr. Bate.—The lemains of Mr. B. G. Rave were conveyed from his late residence on Wednesday, March 19, at 5 p.m., to the Wellington Cemetery. Although there had not been more than one day's notice, there were many vehicles containing friends from far and near, betides a large number of followers on foot, in the funeral procession. Many persons were thus anxious, as a resident in the neighbourhood has written, " to render the last testimony of esteem to one who eminently deserved it; to a gehtleman who had not an enemy. Isjthe world, who never did an unkind 1 whost act, and whose constant unselfish aim was to do good to others." The impressive burial service of the. Church of England was conducted by the Bev. Mr. Poole, of Strathalbyn. Vulcan.—The sky at Adelaide was overcast with clouds during the whole of Monday,, so that it was impossible to test the accuracy or otherwise of the conjecture of the Astronomer Royal as to the transit of Vulcan on that day. Observers at a distance may have been more fortunate. Tta Poet Ihshtute Museum.—This institu tion is indebted to Captain Osborn, of the Jane Bell, for some interesting specimens of natural history obtained by him in Ceylon. They con sist of stuffed and mounted skins of the moose deer .sloth, and Indian squirrel, which Captain Osbom brought expressly for the Institute, and he promises to further the interests of this rapidly- increasing Museum by every means in his power. The Blondin Troupe.—Notwithstanding the threatening weather on Monday evening, there was a large attendance at the Port Adelaide Town Hall to witness an entertainment given by the Blondin Troupe on behalf of the Portland Band of Hope and Lifeboat Crew. Feats of strength and agility were successfully carried outf%md many novelties were introduced. The lookers-on were liberal in their applause. Some songs varied the programme, which concluded with an amusing pantomime. Pbofitablb Lectoring.—At the anniversary of the Albert-street Baptist Church held last week in Melbourne the Rev. Charles Clark, the pastor, mentioned £600 as the net proceeds of the two lectures which he lately gave to aid an egoft for lessening the debt upon the place of worship. The liability upon the building had thus been reduced to £400. Tasmanian Wheat.—Mr. J. M. Solomon, M.P., has left at our office, where it may be seen, a small sample of very fine wheat in the ear, grown between four and five miles from ■Hobart Town. The yield was 47 bushels to the acre, and the weight is 67 5 lbs. to the bushel. The Sailors' Home.—Mr. Formby, the Hon. Treasurer of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home, has lately received from old colonists resident in England the following welcome donations:— From Mr. F. H. Dutton, £b0; Mr. W. J. Browne (through Mr. H. S. Price), £50; Mr. S. " R. Kearne, Southport, £5. Increase of the Maoris.—There has been a theory prevailing for some time (says the New Zealand Herald) that the Maori race is dying out or being gradually " improved" off the face of the earth. We are informed, how ever, that so far as the northern portion of the province is concerned, and more especially the Kaipara District, the birth-rate is in excess of mortality, and that the race is not only holding its own, but gradually increasing. At every settlement the children are numerous. The change is attributed to the improved diet of the children; Manga lripiro is a thing of the past; every Maori mother, with a few exceptions, has her "feeding-bottle," and the piccaninnies get goat's milk or that of the cow. The women seem to give a great deal more care to the nursing, and the maternal instincts are better developed. The social habits of the people are becoming greatly improved. Barbarous usages are falling into disuse, and if they have not /been supplanted by stricter observance of karakia, at least the semblance and gloss of civilised habits and customs are filling the void thus made. One distinguishing feature of the present change is the greater consideration shown to the weaker sex by the Maori men. There is no truer test of increasing growth in civilization than that. But the truth is the " inevitable logic of facts" has driven them to it. After a Maori wahine has at some rural gathering figured in the mazy waltz with an irrepressible gum-digger, got up regardless of expense, and has been handed out to the refreshment-room, and tendered her a glass of lemonade or cordial with as much grace and politeness as if she was an Englishwoman, she takes un kindly to the rough-and-ready ways of the kainga, or Maori pa, and accordingly " cuts up." The dusky swains, not to be outdone, however, are playing the pakehas at their own game, hence the social improvement we hare alluded to. Not only in the Kaipara, but other Northern districts, are their evidences of a change for the better. A settler who travelled through the native settlements lying between Wangarei and Hokianga in forms us that he was quite surprised at the number of Maori children to be seen about compared with those be had noticed in years gone by. No right- minded man will regret this result. _ The land is broad enough for both races to flourish and to prosper therein, and the day seems yet far distant when the "chiefs of the soil" shall be known no more in the land with which their name aud history are inseparably associated. Marriage of Old Folk.—Quite a sensation, says the Geelong Advertiser, has been caused in West Geelong through the marriage of a very ancient couple. The bride was formerly the partner of a storekeeper who is now about ten years deceased. She had reached the mature age of 60 when she fell in love with a well-to-do farmer reading in the Steiglitz district. The latter is said to be about 85 years of aire, ami is in the habit of wearing his walking-stick crossed behind his back to keep his shoulders ei-9ct. The marriage was celebrated at the house of the bride in the presence of about a dozen friends whose united ages accumulated to nearly 1,000 years. After the marriage ceremony religious services were engaged in, and a variety of ap propriate hymns were .sung, one of the most conspicuous airs being the " Old Hundredth." At Maryborough two persons were married whose united ages amounted to 141 years. The local Advertiser states :—" Both h.ad been married before, and had families; and in regard to the bride, her own daughter, who was married 17 years ago, and who is the mother of a large family, was one of the witnesses," Thb Ballot.—The Returning Officer for the Provinoe has just introduced some improve ments in connection with the ballot-boxes for the Legislative Council elections, which will no doubt give greater security even _ than now exists against tampering with voting-papers. Fifty new boxes, of a superior kind, have been made in the colony, and to these locks selected in England by Mr. F. S. Dutton, C.M.G., Agent General, and the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways, have been affixed. There are two locks to each chest—one to fasten it so as to leave nothing but the slit for putting papers through by which the interior can be reached, and the other lock secures the lid which covers all. The locks are all different, so that the key of one will not fit another. The two keys belonging to each box are sent with it to the Deputy Returning Offioer for each division, and duplicates are kept by the Returning Officer for the Province, but this gen tleman also has a master key which is an " open sesame" to every box. The fastenings are beautiful specimens of work, and are rather intricate. The Commissioner of Crown Lands.—From a telegram sent to the Chief Secretary by the Government Resident in the Northern Territory, we learn that the Hon. T. Reynolds arrived at Galle on Saturday, March 22. He started for Singapore on the following Tuesday en route for Port Darwin via Batavia and Timor. Missing.—A telegram was received in Wal laroo on Tuesday, March 25, from Adelaide, to the effect that the captain of the Brocklesby, now lying at Port Pirie, was supposed to be last, with one of his men, in the dense scrub and swamps between Port Pirie and Breughton. The captain left Wallaroo with three men in an open boat on Thursday, the 20th inst., and he, with one of the men, landed, it is said, to look for some provisions. The other two men have sinoe been picked up by the Maid of Australia, but nothing has been beard of the party who landed. This (Wednesday) morning Police - trooper O'Mahony would leave Wallaroo on horseback in search of the missing men.— Wallaroo Times. Presbyterian College.—The additions to the Victorian Theological Hall, or, as it is now more generally styled, "the Melbourhe Presbyterian College, will cost about £8,000; and it is claimed for the institution that when completed it will be the most commodious and the best arranged Collegiate Institution in Australasia. The Capabilities of Port Pirie.—On Mon day the Government steam-launch, with Capt. Ferguson on board, called at Wallaroo, and the local paper remarks:—" We are led to believe that tne President of the Marine Board enter tains a high opinion of the future of Port Pirie. He has been there during the past week, and has found that a ship can ride in twenty-two feet of water at low tide about four miles from shore in a land-locked harbour as safe as if miles up the creek, which runs eight miles in shore. About five miles up it is the port, and there a number of good buildings are being erected. Principal amongst these may be named Mr. Knapman's new hotel, containing thirteen rooms, and another hotel of rather smaller dimensions. A large amount of wheat has been shipped this year, and several persons have found a profitable occupation in conveying it to the vessels lying off the port." Melrose Institute.—On the afternoon of March 24 the comer-stone of the Melrose Institute building was laid by Mr. W. J. Brook, the Secretary and Treasurer, who has also been the principal worker since an Institute was established at Mount Remarkable four or five years ago. The other principal speakers were Mr. C. H. Pearson, M.A., and the Rev. James Read. Allusion was made to a handsome gift from Mr. G. F. Angas towards the Building Fund, and to the indefatigable energy of the Secretary. Dr. Moorhouse, the President, was unavoidably absent. Under the stone were placed newspapers of the latest date, and a parchment giving a description of the structure, the date when it was com menced, and the name of the Acting Governor, also of the President, Vice- Presidents, Trustees, Secretary, and Treasurer of the Institute. The ceremony closed with cheers for the Queen, for Mr. G. F. Angas, and Mr. Brook. The erection, which will improve the appearance of Court street, is to be 36 feet in width, and will run back 70 feet. In front are the reading-room and library, also a small passage and lobby. The large room intended for classes, soirees, &c.;, will be about 52 feet long by 23 feet broad, with a height of 16 feet, llie building, it is expected, will be finished in about four months from this date. The contractor is Mr. B. Williams. The Troubridge Fire.—We are glad to learn that Messrs. Bagshaw Brothers, on whose pro perty the late serious fire in the Broughton Area originated, have compensated some of the farmers in the neighbourhood privately, and also subscribed handsomely to the funds in aid of the people who have suffered most severely. A Good Heap of Coal.—It is mentioned that at the Port Wallaroo Copper Smelting Works there are no apprehensions indulged in as to a short supply of coal, the stock in hand being not less than 6,00C tons—sufficient to keep the furnaces going for about six weeks. The Northern Territory.—The Atalanta, which has arrived from London, being under engagement to proceed forthwith to Port Darwin, will rapidly discharge her general cargo, and take in machinery, stores, and horses for Northern Territory Gold Reefing Companies. The Theatre.—Playgoers will be pleased with Mr. Lazar's announcement that the Royal is to be reopened on Saturday evening for a season of 24 nights, with Miss Rose Evans as the star. The list of the actors and actresses in the new company which the Lessee and Manager has organized after a visit to Melbourne includes the names of several who will make their first appearance here, but also comprises some old favourites. The first piece on the bill is " Quite Alone," a MS. comedy-drama, in which the acts progress thus—1, Hate; 2, Sympathy; 3, Love; and 4, Marriage. Miss Evans takes the character of Olive Garth, the Orphan of Lowood. " Smoke" is to close the performance. We have been asked to direct special attention to the liberal offer which is made with reference to monthly tickets. Empty Vessels. — Our shipping column shows that three vesels arrived at Port Ade laide on Wednesday, in ballast—two of them from Mauritius, and the other from South Africa. They will in all probability take away loads of corn. Murder a>td Suicide.—Captain G. John ston, of the river steamer Albury, in Mriting from Menindie, on March 21, reports thafiSliza beth Kempt, a woman who had been sent by Mr. W. R. Hunt for Mr. P. O'Brien as a ser vant, committed suicide on the night of the 19th.' She must have been ashore at Went worth, and there took on board the vessel some grog; for two days after she got into such a state that the master had to put her into a cabin alone. She was left there one day, and then escaped with a child in her arms, and threw herself into the water in front of one of the paddle boxes while the engines were working at full speed. No person in the steamer would have mown anything of the occurrence had not the captain heard the poor child scream. The Albury was stopped, and men went down the stream with a small boat, carrying lights, searching the banks and river for hours, but without seeing a trace of the bodies. The vessel then proceeded on her way, and Captain John ston reported the circumstances to the first J.P. who could be found. It is believed that Kempt had other children besides the one she was the means of destroying. [The above appeared in the Keening Journal of March 26, and we have since seen Mr. W. R. Hunt, who informs us that " prior to her leaving Adelaide, the de ceased was (so far as his mother, who conducts the female department of his office, knew) a woman of staid character, and had filled respec table situations in the colony. She had also endeavoured to cbtain a situation where she could take her little girl, seven or eight years old, with her; but being very unwilling to part with the child she had not succeeded, and was consequently a longer time than usual out of employment, when her money being all gone she was hospitably received into the Catholic Refuge in Gouger-street by Sister Elizabeth. One of her last acts prior to leaving the Sisters was to voluntarily present them, in gratitude for tbeir kindness, with a small sum under a pound, being part of an allowance that had been made to her. So great was her anxiety to have her child with her that she refused a kind offer from the Sisters to place it in the Roman Catholic Orphanage. Altogether she appeared to be one of the very last person likely to commit murder and suicide."] The Adelaide Hospital.—A meeting of the Board of Management was held on March 26:— Number of patients admitted, 64; discharged, 67; died, 3; now in Hospital, 141. Number of out-patients prescribed for, 7o0. The Fourth Estate.—M. De Laveley<: alleges that in the United States and in Switzer land there is one newspaper to every 6,000 inhabitants. In Denmark one to every S,600. in Germanj", Norway, and Holland, one to every 18,000. In France, one to every 20,000. In Sweden, one to every 22,000. In England, one to every 24,01 >). In Belgium, one to every 26,000. In other countries, such as Austria and Italy, far fewer. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and death registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 22nd of March, were:—Births—Males, 10; females, 7; deaths—Males, 8; females, 7. Total—Births, 17; deaths, 15. Excess of births, 2. I Scavenging the City. — On Tuesday Mr. Stacy brought forward his motion in the Muni cipal Council in favour of a public meeting of ratepayers being called to consider the advis ability of adopting a penny rate towards paying the cost of more effectually cleansing the city. The Councillors generally considered that the citizens wouid not be favourable to granting a special rate, but that the better plau would be to appoint scavenging contractors under the Corporation, who should be paid a certain sum per week by those persons who employed them. The. matter was referred to the Finance Com mittee. Dyeing.—At the Dyeworks in Gawler-place we have seen some excellently-coloured tweeds and flannel shirtings upon which much care has been bestowed. The articles are intended for the Sydney Exhibition, and were mado in the woollen goods manufactory of Messrs. Kramm, at Hahndorf. The Choral Union.—The first conoert of this Society was given in the Town Hall Exchange Boom on Tuesday night. The programme, which comprised vooal and instrumental music, was fairly carried out, and the room was crowded. Entertainment.—On Tuesday evening an entertainment was given at the Temperance Hall in aid of the funds of the North Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club. There was a moderate attendance, and Mr. J. Anderson presided. The programme, which was a varied one, consisting of songs, instrumental music, and recitations, opened with an overture on the piano by Mr. C. Rosenine. Mr. W. Hales received an impera tive encore after reciting " Horatius" and " Pat's Mistake." A duet by the Misses Marriott was followed bv a recitation, " The Arab's Farewell to his Steed," from Mr. W. Mitchell. Two recitations in costume by Mr. J. R. Barrow were redemanded, and contributions by Messrs. W. Dawkins, Thomas, and Harrison followed. The performance closed with the farce of " The most Miserable Man upon Earth." Concert.—The musical entertainment given in White's Room on Tuesday night by the members of Mr, T. W. Lyons's singing class was a successful affair, as the programme was care fully arranged, and the vocalists were judiciously selected. A fantasia was performed by Miss A. Cooper, a young but remarkably clever piano forte player, brilliantly executed, and vocife rously applauded. Several choruses by the class were splendidly rendered, the best perhaps being "0 ! Hail us, ye free." Miss Rosenhein's fine song, " Oh, chide not my heart," was fol lowed by a duetto, " We come to thee, Savoy," in which Misses Montegani and Mann ac quitted themselves welL Mr. R. J. Coombs sang "TheBay of Biscay;" and the beautiful song, " Sweet spirit, bear my prayer," lost none of its sweetness when given by Miss Fox, who later in the evening shared with Miss E. Edwards the applause elicited by the rendering of "Starlight on the river." Miss Mann was heard to advantage in a solo, and Miss Rainsf ord, who also possesses a fine voice, was equally effective in "Slowly the day is fading." The rest of the programme was creditably carried out by blisses Edwards, Holmsby, Rainsford, Montegani, Mann, and Messrs. James, Gepp, and Longbottom, who were more or less success ful in gaining commendation. The pretty little operetta entitled "Breaking the Spell," in which Miss Rainsford and Messrs. H. Trevorah and T. Gepp took part, was pleasingly performed, and closed the entertainment. Native Industries.—We hear that one well known firm have paid as much as £500 in one month this season for jam tins. The manufac ture of jam must surely be largely on the increase. Supreme Court. — The case of Towler v. Rounsevell commenced in the Supreme Court on Monday, March 24. The counsel engaged ar« Mr. Stow, Q.C., and Mr. Boueaut for the plaintiff; Mr. Way, Q.C., and Mr. Barlow for the defendant. The action is in respect of an alleged breach of a contract in connection with the erection of 500 miles of the Overland Telegraph line north of Port Augusta, via Mount Margaret, and, according to the plaintiff's declaration, arises out of the following circum stances :—Mr. John Rounsevell, who had the contract for erecting that portion of the line referred to, entered into an agreement with the plaintiff, by which Mr. Towler contracted to do the work in twelve months from the date of the contract, Mr. Rounsevell to find all the neces sary materials, cart the poles, and deliver them along the line. The work occupied two years in completing, and the plaintiff, alleging that the delay arose out of the defendant failing to comply with the conditions of the contract, seeks to recover the extra expense to which he was put in carrying out the work. The damages are laid at £3,000. The plaintiff was in the witness-box all day on Monday, and his exami nation-in-chief closed on Tuesday, and the cross examination was being proceeded with when the Court rose at 5 p.m. The cross-examination was concluded at 4 p.m. on Wednesday, having engaged the Court since 11 a.m. on Monday, and lasted 17?> hours, deducting all adjournments. Mr. R. P. Boueaut, Sub-Inspector of Credit Lands, was under examination for the remainder of the day. On Thursday the examination of Mr. Boueaut was completed, and also the exami nation-in-chief of Mr. R. W. Pearce, who was j Mr. Towler's overseer for the construction of a portion of the Trans-Australian Telegraph Line. | This occupied the Court until 3.40 p.m., and as it would have been impossible to finish the cross examination of the latter witness that day, and it had already been arranged that the Court should adjourn at its rising on Thursday until Monday, the 31st inst., the cross-examination was not commenced, and the Court was ad journed to the above-mentioned date. The case is likely to occupy the whole of next week. Port Free Industrial School.—In our business columns there appears an appeal on behalf of the above benevolent institution, the funds of which, it is intimated, are at a low ebb. It is also notified that an entertainment in aid of the school will be given early next month. A Visit to Prince Bismarck.—A com munication, which we have translated from the AI'.stralische Deutsche Zeitung, says that "the German Societies entrusted our well-known countryman, Mr. Carl Berghoff, prior to his departure for Germany, with a testimonial to the Premier of the Fatherland, assuring him of the unbounded admiration and high esteem in which he was held by the German colonists of Victoria, Many persons at. the time blamed the Committee for sending the letter, thinking that the great man who was daily consulted by kings and princes would not care to be bothered with a paltry congratulation from so remote a corner of the earth. By the latest European mail a communication was received from Herr Berghoff, telling what success had attended his mission. The Premier, on being in formed of the circumstances, gladly con sented to an interview with Herr Berghoff. He received that gentleman with great friendli nesSj shook him by the hand, expressed high gratification at the recognition by kinsmen in the antipodes of his services to his country, and mentioned the peculiar interest be took in our well-being, showing at the same time con siderable knowledge of the affairs of these colo nies. This conversation ought surely to have satisfied all expectation, but the Premier was not of that opinion. He did our representative and the colony peculiar honour by inviting him the same day to his family table. There were present the Prince and his lady, their daughter Princess Marie, their two sons, the Dukes Her bert and With elm von Bismarck, a young lady companion ®f the Princess, and two officials. Mr. Berghoff's description of the evening he thus spent in the family circle of the great statesmen is very interesting. It unfolds to the fancy of the reader a picture of refined education, happy domestic life, and merry jokes, intermixed with profitable converse; in short, a degree of happiness and sociality only to be found in the German Fatherland. At the table our visitor took his position between the Prince and Princess. During the meal a telegraphic message was delivered to the host announcing the recently-occurred death of the ex-Emperor Napoleon. Before they moved from the table the Premier rose and proposed the health of theGermansoutside the boundaries of the Father land, not only of those of Victoria, but of all countrymen wherever they may live, who have by their patriotism and exertions aided in the late war, and otherwise promoted the welfare of their native laud. Herr Berghoff, in the name of those included in the toast, re turned heartfelt thanks. Then followed several hours in the pleasant society of the Premier aud his lady, during which assurances of goodwill were repeated, and tlic portraits of the ducal family presented as a souvenir. By means of He-r Berghoff's communications, which on hij return he will probably publish in full, we are enabled to obtain such a glimpse into the inner life of the Prince as we have never before been favoured with. He appears to have thrown aside p.« /■ m. the cares of his public career, and to have given himself up to domestic enjoyments: 110 stiif etiquette is visible—all is harmony and comfort. To us Germans, however, the reception accorded to our delegate mnst be a source of infinite grati fication and pride. On the following day, January 10, Herr Berghoff was enabled, by means of an autograph letter from Bismarck, to obtain an interview with von Moltke, who also evidenced much interest in the Germans in Australia. Herr Berghoff must always re member the 9th and 10th of January as two of the proudest days in his life, while we must rejoice that our testimonial met with so favour able a reception at the hands of so important a personage." Fires.—The Clare j^«.per remarks—"The practice of allowing children to carry about matches with them, or having access to where they are placed, is frequently attended with great destruction to property, and sometimes the lives of individuals are sacrificed, yet many will give no heed to such warning. A farmer named Maroney, at Farrell's Flah has had his property wholly destroyed. On Saturday the children were burning straw ; the flame spread rapidly, and in its course burnt down a stable where a valuable entire horse was kept, but there was no one on the spot in time to save him. The barn was also consumed, with about 300 bags of wheat. The reaping-machines and outbuildings shared the same fate. The farmer, who, we hear, is an industrious man, with a large family, is left destitute.—The same week Mr. Brinkworth, of Blyth Plains, had a haystack containing upwards of 20 tons burnt and seven pigs roasted. While Mr. and Mrs. Brinkworth were away from home their little boy managed to procure matches, and set fire to a heap of straw and chaff. The fire spreadfrapidly to the haystack and pigsties, and it was with difficulty that the adjoining sheds were saved, which was accomplished by the neigh bours spreading wet tarpaulins over the roofs."— The Herald of Kapunda tells that " on Satur day a fire, the origin of which is unknown, occurred on Mr. Delbridge's farm, Allen's Creek. A stack of bay, stables, and sheds were burnt. Thanks to the assistance of neighbours several implements were saved. The family were absent in Kapunda when the fire broke out." Itia reported by the Border Watch that " afire broke out on the Mount Scbanck Run on Sunday, which did some damage to several farmers there. A considerable amount of fencing was burned, and Mr. J. Steele lost a stack of peas." Sudden Death.—On March 19, at 10 p.m., Michael Callanan, the ostler at Crase's Hotel, Kapunda, died suddenly as the result of an apoplectic seizure. Locusts Northwards.—Iu his letter of the 17th instant the Macaw Creek correspondent of the Kapunda Herald writes:—" The locusts, too, are doing a great deal of harm, especially in the gardens; they not only devour the leaves of the trees, but also the fruit. Last week I saw a peach-tree which was loaded with fruit com pletely stripped, and the only sign of fruit left is the number of peach-stones at its foot. They are also making sad havoc among the vines— not so much by eating the leaves and grapes, as by eating or gnawing away the outside of the small stems in the bunches which hold the grapes together. This of course stops the circulation of the sap, and the grapes soon begin to shrivel and drop off. I have noticed that large numbers of locusts are dying every day from some cause, probably starvation." Babbits.—At Hansborough a meeting of farmers has appointed a Committee to get signatures to a memorial which prays the House of Assembly to adopt measures for the destruction of wild rabbits. The Wire Cure for Bad Acoustics.—The Melbourne Daily Telegraph the other day re ported :—" Last night there was a crowded con gregation in the Athenaeum Hall to hear the Rev. Charles Clark preach. The occasion was interesting in more than a religious sense, for there were many persons curious to know how the rev. gentleman would be heard. The result of the test was very satisfactory, for the wires stretched across the building seem to have destroyed the slight echo formerly noticeable, and every syllable that fell from the preacher was distinctly heard in the seats most remote from the platform." Will the Adelaide Muni cipal Council try the alleged cure in the Town Hall? The Rev. H. J. Poole, A.M.—We under stand that the Rev. H. J. Poole, A.M., moves to Walkerville Parsonage to-morrow (Tuesday), March 25; but we see from an advertisement in another part of this paper that he continues responsible for the three Churches at Mount Barker, Blakiston, and Balhannah till May 1. Live Turtles. — Many persons went on Saturday afternoon to see Mr. Aldridge's doomed turtles treated to a swim in the City Baths. The creatures, though restricted by a rope from making an ungrateful use of their indulgence, took to the water readily, and taught Mr. Bastard's pupils many things about diving under or "darting through the " limpid element." A lengthened stay in the fresh water was, however, deemed injurious, so to prevent their dying they were rescued to be killed in a more orthodox fashion. The British-Australian Telegraph Com pany, Limited.—The number of paid telegrams transmitted through this Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Saturday, March 22:— Sent from Sent to the the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia 7 15 Victoria 25 51 New South Wales 23 26 Queensland... ... ... — 1 Tasmania ... 5 1 New Zealand ... ... 3 3 Totals ... ... 63 97 Grand total, 160. New Book.—We have received a copy of the " History of the Bushmen's Club," which has just been published. " William," the Honorary Superintendent of the Club in Whitmore-square, and well known as the Bush Missionary, having laboured hard since the year 1866, first to excite amongst bushmen aud their employers a desire for an improvement in the social, moral, and religious position of the former, and after wards to pilot the movement safely through its initiatory stages up to its present commendable position,' has at length, to crown his work, published a full descriptive account of it for the encouragement and guidance of those who may hereafter enter upon a similar benevolent undertaking. The title-page bears the announce ment that whatever profits may arise from the sale of the work will be devoted to the interests of the Bushmen's Club. The book consists very largely of extracts from various sources, and most of the matter of it has already appeared at different times in the various Australasian newspapers either in the form of leading articles, news paragraphs, or correspondents' letters. The object of the com piler in presenting it in its present form has been to preserve a history of the foundation and pro gress of this the first institution of the kind ever established in the Australian Colonies, which shall be serviceable to those who shall hereafter attempt to start a similar one, and interesting to the general reader. In it we trace the growth of the Bushmen's Club from the promulgation of the idea of its foundation and the meeting of the gentlemen favourable to it, to the opening of the first small establishment as a Home, and its continued prosperity until its development into the present commodious insti tution, which is still to be enlarged and im proved. Of course the good work had opposi tion to encounter, and the most serious was that of the bushmen themselves. So unused were they to any philanthropic movement on their behalf that they viewed with suspicion the efforts which were being made in their interest. Much was said and written against what was looked upon as a" squatters' move ment," and all that the compiler has been able to collect both pro and con. is placed fairly before the reader. By degrees this prejudice wore off, and bushmen discovered the sincere motives which animated their frisnds, and, as the book shows, have learnt to appreciate them. So much has already appeared in our columns with reference to this subject that we need make but one short quotation from the work which will serve as a key to the mode in which this institution—so eminently successful —is conducted. The compiler says :—" The protection afforded to morals and character in this institution can hardly be overstated ; and this is accomplished by a measure of control and by regulations which are felt a burden only by the disorderly and the dissolute." The history, which is brought down to the end of December, 1872, closes with the balance-sheet of that date, which shows that not only are the working expenses fully met, but that the Club has a balance of nearly £2,000 to its credit after every liability has been paid. At the end of the book is a number of miscel laneous and amusing extracts. The compilation is valuable, interesting, and instructive, and should find a ready circulation throughout the colonies generally. It is well printed, neatly bound, and in a portable form, while its price places it within the reach of all. The Ckicketinc AssOi Iatipn.—A general meeting of the Committee of the South Aus tralian Cricketing Association was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Tuesday evening, March 2h. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Justice Gwynne presided. The Treasurer, Mr. J. W. Col ton, moved—"That it is desirable to borrow ±'1,000 to complete the Oval and erect buildings.'' Mr. W. Pope seconded. The Secretary proposed the amendment—"That £150 be raised by debentures to clear off liabili ties up to the commencement of the season 1873-4." Mr. Fred. Ayers seconded, and the amendment, which was supported by Mr. W. B. T. Andrews, was carried. A letter was re ceived from the Norwood Club challenging 11 members of the Association to play a match shortly. Resolved—"That the Association is not in a position to accept the challenge." The Chairman offered to provide pines for replacing those destroyed on the Oval by locusts. Hearty thanks were accorded to His Honor for his kind offer and for his preser.ee. Art Distribution.—We learn that at Auburn Mr. Wiles's Art Union drawing was a decided success, and that the names of the winners of* prizes will be published in an advertisement. Illustrated Monthly Herald. — From Messrs. Frearson & Brother we have received No. 1 of a Melbourne printed paper bearing the above title. The pictures presented of natural objects in the various colonies of the Australian group are clear and striking, and there is a greater variety of style than has been noticed in some similar publications. Among the best scenes which the Herald has this month are those of the Gipps Land Lakes, King George's Sound, and Cape Otway. The South Australian views are not so meritorious as those from the other provinces. Athletics.—The twelfth meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club will be held this afternoon on the Adelaide Racecourse, commencing at 2 o'clock. We republish the entries as follows:—100 Yards Flat _ Race —H. James, J. Brakenridge, S. Pierson, E. W. Stanes, J. R. Beck. 150 Yards Hurdle Race—J. Brakenridge, W. Gwynne, J. Part ridge. 100 Yards Flat Race—A. E. Ayers (4 yards), £. W. Stanes (4 yards), R. Giffen (scratch), H. James (4 yards), T. Ey (4 yards), J. Brakenridge (scratch), S. Pierson (scratch). 220 Yards Hurdle Race—E. Rowell (scratch), A. E. Ayers (10 yards), E. W. Stanes (10 yards), H. James (12 yards), T. Ey_ (12 yards), J. Brakenridge (6 yards), S. Pierson (8 yards), R. Giffen (6 yards). 440 Yards Flat Race— A. K Ayers (20 yards), H. James (22 yards), E. W. Stanes (20 yards), T. Ey (22 yardsb T. Sisman (12 yards), J. Brakenridge (O yards), S. Pierson (12 yards), R. Giffen (scratch). 150 Yards Flat Race—A. E. Ayers (6 yards), H. James (7 yards), T. Ey (7 yards), J. Haigh (6 yards), J. Brakenridge (2 yards), E. W. Stanes (6 yards), W. Gwynne_ (7 yards), S. Pierson (3 yards), R. Giffen (scratch). Mile Flat Race—E. Rowell (60 yards), T. Sisman (scratch), J. R. Beck (30 yards). Mile Walking Raoe — E. Rowell; High Jump —J. Haigh, G. S. Aldridge, T. Partridge. Throwing the Hammer—J. Haigh, T. Sisman, J, Partridge. The Government Dam near Port Pirie.— On Monday, March 24, a deputation, consisting of Messrs. James Galloway, Johti Darling, James Brown, and — Wood, were introduced to the Commissioner of Public Works by the Hon. P. Santo, who explained that the object of those attending was to request the Executive to withdraw an offer which had appeared in the Gazette of the lease for a term of 14 years of the dam 01; the road from the Narridy and Gulnare Areas to the seaboard. It was represented that the charge allowable in the conditions of the proposed lease of 20s. per thousand for watering small stock and of 2d. per head for large cattle would be a heavy tax upon teamsters, the farmers of the district, and the inhabitants at Port Pirie. Mr. Galloway, on behalf of several settlers, agreed to fulfil all the conditions spe cified in the Government Gazette and supply the water free. The Commissioner stated that the Government would withdraw the offer to lease the dam on the assurance that the conditions required by the Government be carried out to the satisfaction of the Surveyor General or such other person as he might ap point for the purpose. A conversation on the improvements necessary at Port Pirie followed, and the Commissioner promised to give proper attention to the subject submitted to him, in cluding the request for a water reserve at or close to Port Pirie. The Hon. P. Santo having thanked the Hon. W. Cavenaeh for his courtesy, the deputation then withdrew. Accident at a Quarry.—J. N. Henkinson, a worker engaged in Messrs. Brown & Thomp son's quarry, at Teatree Gully, was taken to the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday afternoon, consi derably bruised about the loins. From what we were able to learn of the case it appears that the men with whom the injured man was at work were moving a stone with the crane, and he was at the time of the mishap standing some -where near the spot. The block: was a -very heavy one, and the crane having got smashed and a part striking Henkinson; it seems strange that under the circumstances no bones were broken ; at the Hospital it is thought that the injury is confined to a severe bruise. Narrow Escape.—On Friday night a seaman belonging to the ship City of Vienna whilst walking along the Coal Company's wharf at Port Adelaide fell into the river. The occurrence was heard by Messrs. Hancock and Slater, Customs officers, who gave an alarm and threw a rope to the man. At the same instant another sailor jumped in to his assistance, and the seaman was rescued with no worse injury than a ducking. He was unable to swim, and had there been no person about at the time must inevitably have been drowned. Hendmabsh-square Church.—On Sunday, March 23, special services were held to celebrate the anniversary of the Sunday-school in connec tion with the above Church. In the morning the Rev. C. Manthorpe discoursed on the words, " The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead their dough to make cakes to the queen of heaven."—Jeremiah vii. 18. Reference was particularly made in the sermon to the part that could be taken by children in the Christian work, and the benefit arising from Sunday-schools. It was mentioned that the average attendance of scholars had been 100, and of teachers 12, and it was urged that additional people should devote themselves to the work of instructing the young. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. J. Davidson, who based his remarks on Psalm viii. 4—" What is man that Thou are mindful of him, and the son of man that Thou visitest him?" The attendances were numerous, and the collections realized a fair amount. London Missionary Societv. — The annual meetings throughout the colony of the auxiliaries of the above old-established institution are about to commence. The representative of the parent Society for this year is the Rev. Dr. Nisbet, who is the Principal of the Native Training Institute at Samoa, in conjunction with the Rev. Dr. Turner, whose visit some years since many persons will remember. Dr. Nisbet is expected to reach Adelaide during the present week. TyrHOiD and its Causes.—A contemporary writes :—" A farmer and several of his children were sick with typhoid fever; their physician was unable to account for the malady uutil his attention was called to the water from the well adjoining his house. It had a peculiarly pleasing, sweetish flavour, but the idea that there was anything wrong there was held to be absurd by the surviving members of the family. However, the suspicions of the physician were aroused, and the fact that the dirt of the farm house was within 15 feet of the well, and had existed there for many years, seemed to point to a possible defilement. On testing the water it was found to be highly charged with the pro duct of decomposing animal matter of poisonous character, and that sufficient cause of the sickness was apparent. The well was aban doned, and the farmer recovered, but his children were sacrificed. Typhoid and similar diseases are the farmer's bane. They are peculiarly the diseases of the rural districts, and cesspools and barnyards exist too often in close proximity to wells from which water for domestic use is drawu. No more active ferment or blood-poison can be taken into the system than putrid animal refuse, and no more" deadly maladies exist than those thus originated. Fevers, cholera, dysentery, diarr hoea, and many eruptions of a painful nature are of this class, and children are generally the first victims. Surely no stronger argument can be urged for a reformation in ourpresent barbarous method of getting rid of household waste. Getting rid ! So far from this we but store it up to plague us with it in the worst possible way. The ancient method, inculcated by Moses, for the purification of the camps of the Israelites, after thousands of years, is striving for a place in our civilized appliances, and there are none more conveniently situated than farmers or country residents to avail themselves of it. In the shape of the modern earth-closet it is practicable and easy, and provides a cure for the evil we here deprecate." A "Diu nk" EshimtiN'. Himsku.—" Janus a contributor to the bv.iiolhj A".•pres.*, says :— " One of the exhibits which obtained honourable mention has been omitted not only from the notice of the but all the daily journals. On a certain evening an individual, in a decided state of beer, was observed endeavouring to steady himself against the stand containing the display of brnshware belonging to Mr. John Zavc-nboom. The gong had been sounded for closing the building, and yet the beery one showed no signs of clearing out. He seemed to be a facetious individual, for a frequent smile broke over his features- at intervals, and was only interrupted by the hiccup which all'ectod hint when his spiritous contents got too much the better of bis muscular powers. To him advanced a policeman, and the following col loquy ensued :--Policeman—' Now, then, you — move 011—the place is closing up.' Adult Visitor — 'That's nothing; I can't go, I'm an exskibitxh —waiting for hcn'ble montioiish.' Policeman (entering austerely into the fun)—'Oh ! you're an exhibit, are you What's your class A. Y.—' Rope and Wushware. Look, here, old follow' 'So. t>22, cordage, Mr. M'Nally. No. fiS'J, mops and brooms—that's me.' Can't go you see ; waiting for hon'hlc mentioush.' It being satisfactorily ascertained that he was ' mops and brooms,' he was honourably mentioned in the charge-book at the Police Station and locked up.'' Thb Savings Bans.—During the absence of .the Accountant of the Savings Bank on leave, Mr. B. B. Pearce vrill be the Acting Accoun tant. Ihe regular work of the institution will be carried on by the present staff, with the addi tion probably of a junior clerk. The New Reservoir.—The reservoir at Hope Valley, from which the city has been supplied during the lost three months, is being rapidly emptied, with a view to its examination to ascertain the nature of the soakage which was discovered outside the embankment some time ago, Willunga TO London.—The barque Egbert, of 280 tonB register, anchored outside Port Willunga on last Thursday evening to take a cargo of wheat to London direct. As the vessel cannot get within a mile of the jetty, the corn has been taken in large boats to her in the roadstead, and she may finish loading this week. Accidents.—During a scuffle between two seamen on board the Moneta upon Wednesday afternoon, one of them, who had a knife in his hand, gave the other a nasty cut on the side of the throat. This created alarm, but it was speedily ascertained by Dr. Ge thing that no serious injury had been in flicted ; and as the wound appears to have been quite unintentional, no further action is likely to be taken in the matter. On Thursday morn ing the carpenter of the ship Canopus, whilst engaged on the foreyard, was severely hurt by being caught between the yard and mast, owing to some of the gear being carried away. He was soon released, and upon the assistance of Dr. Gething being secured, it was ascertained that the man's leg, although much crushed, was not broken. Modbury and Paradise Road.—A deputa tion from the Highercombe District Council, consisting of the Chairman (Mr. John Gollop), and Messrs. Chas. Kolwes and Henry Klopper, members of the Council, was introduced by the Hon. A. Blytb, M.P., to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Thursday, to ask for an addi tional sum of money for a road uear the New Reservoir. The Hon. A. Blyth stated some time since, when he was out of the country and the Commissioner was not in office, it was found necessary to take a road from the Higher combe District Council in connection with the New Reservoir. The Council asked for another road and £300 to make it, but the Government at that time only gave £150 with the road, which was allowed. It was then thought that the ground was of a very soft description, and that the £150 might cover the expense; but in the work, which was now partly completed, the Council had found a hard rock, very difficult for blasting, to cut through. This chcumstance, of course, had increased the expense very much, and £180 had already been laid out. As a half promise had been made that another £50 might be added to the amount given to the Council if it was found necessary, the deputation wished to ask for that amount. If no money was advanced they did not see what they could do except to fence up the road, which was impassable. If it were completed it would prove to be very much used^ by persons going out for drives from Adelaide round the Reservoir, and some light business traffic would now be upon it if it were passable. The members of the deputation further urged the matter, and the Commissioner replied that he would ao what he could to meet the case. He did not see where the money was to come from now, but if nothing else could be done be would promise to place the sum upon the Estimates. The deputation then thanked nim and withdrew. Parliament House.—In consequence of Mr. Hranthwaite, the Clerk-Assistant of the Legis lative Council, having obtained twelve months' leave of absence to visit England, the following changes have been made in the Parliament ■ Offices:—Mr. Halcomb, the present Librarian, is appointed Acting Clerk-Assistant, and Mr. John Morphett, the eldest son of the late Presi dent of the Council, Acting Librarian. By an arrangement of salaries these changes cause no increase in the Parliamentary expenditure* Mr. Brantkwaite, we understand, draws half-pay of his office, Mr. Halcomb, his locum tenens, taking tbe other half. Mr. Halcomb will draw also half-pay of the Librarian's salary, Mr. Morphett getting the remaining moiety. These changes and their conditions are the result of au arrange ment between the Library Committee and the Government. Mr. Morphett is, like his prede cessor, Mr. Halcomb, a University man, having been an undergraduate of Pembroke CoUege, Oxford. The Athato.—To prevent inconvenience, we have been asked to direct the attention of intending passengers per the steamship Atrato to the fact that her date of sailing has been postponed from the 10th to the 17th, on account of the Easter holidays. Pastoral Leasing. — At the Government Land Office Pastorai Lease No. 1531, represent ing country on the Great Bight, in District C, having an area of 114 square miles and a term of 21 years, was sold on Thursday to Mr. R. B. Smith, at a premium of £5 5s., with a fee of 10s. 6d, for the lease. In the ease of two other lots in the same region there were no bids. The terms are a charge of 2d. and Is. per head respectively on the sheep and great cattle depastured, with a minimum rental of 2s. 6d. per square mile. Inquest.—Last Saturday afternoon Dr. Esau, J.P., of Woodside, held an inquest at the Charleston Hotel to ascertain the cause of the death of Mr. Walter Douglas, a negro comedian and minstrel, who, accompanied by Mr. Harry West, arrived in Australia several years ago with Evans's Satsuma Troupe of Japanese Jugglers. Messrs. J. Hammond, H. Tuilipan, andH. West at the enquiry deposed as to the circumstances attending the decease of the player, and a verdict of " Died from a fit of apoplexy" was returned. Douglas, who had been lately travel ling with Mr. Tullipan's Lion Show, was appa rently quite well on Friday evening, March 21, and haying taken a good meal at tea-time, he then went out, about an hour before the usual time for performing. As he was missed not long after West went in search, and called him, but received no answer, and a gong was next sounded. The proprietor of the Show, on being told that something was evidently wrong, at once directed that the exhibition should not be opened, and a light having been got, the poor fellow Douglas was soon after found lying in a stable, and was carried into the hotel, where a doctor, who was immediately sent lor, pro nounced the man dead. His funeral was nume rously attended, and his late comrades remained at Charleston till Tuesday, when they went on their journey depressed at the loss of their companion, who was a favourite with the company. Lecture.—"The Bible Verified by Ancient Monuments," or, as the printer erroneously put it on the tickets, " 'Cement' Monuments," was the title of an interesting lecture _ delivered by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide on Thurs day evening, Mareh 27, in Pulteney-street Schoolroom, to aid the funds of St. John's Sunday-School. There was a large attendance, and the Rev. T. Jasper Smyth, M.A., presided. The Bishop referred to the Bible as the authentic depository of God's revealed will, written by men inspired by the Holy Ghost, and spoke of the discoveries recently made in buried cities as proving beyond doubt the accuracy of Scripture. He alluded to the objection that the art of writing was not known at the time when the Mosaic books were alleged to have been written, and argued that disco veries in Egypt had entirely removed any doubt which might have arisen on that subject, ex amples of ancieDt hieroglyphic writings being given. He then remarked that the antiquity of various ancient cities was attested by Babylonian documents of a very early date. In Eeypt discoveries had been made which established beyond question the point that the art of writing existed years age before Abraham's time. Valuable writings and sculp tures had been recently brought to light by the enterprise or zeal of antiquaries. As to the alleged non-existence of evidence of the flight from Egypt and the destruction of Pharaoh's host, the lecturer argued that no natiou cared to record its defeats and disasters, but many other proofs of the authenticity of the Bible were available; still as regarded the flight recent observations had fully verified biblical accounts. The country over which the Israelites are now supposed to have travelled in its natural features exactly accorded with the ancient descriptions. Biblical history was traced, and many arguments were advanced in support of its truth. Maps of countries mentioned were shown, and specimens of old forms of record were produced. The lecture, which was very interesting, secured the attention of the audience, who were additionally entertained with musical selections performed by amateurs, who acquitted themselves creditably. The Wild White Fellow.—Nothing more ha-- been heard of the wild white mail who ha; a wurlcy between Wallaroo and Point Riley. The local Press says—" His wurlcy has been repeatedly visited l>y the police at almost all hours, but he has not yet been seen by them, although on most visits they discern some trace that he has been there since they left. They found a playbill, an addition to his stock of rusty horseshoes, and a rusty nail or two care fully wrapped up." Mn. W. T. D. Cundknjng.—This son of Dr. Cliudeniug, of Adelaide, has passed his matri culation examination in the Molbourne Univer sity. Mr. Clindening was educated at Messrs. Whir.hi m & Bon;' school in North Adelaide. The Slate Trade.—Since the wreck of the schooner Kangaroo slate quarry owners at WQr lusga have outraged - the Emily to take ship* ments to the "Victorias market. This latter schooner entered Port Willunga on Monday morning, and was to complete her cargo this week. She will carry away 80 tons of roofing, and 10 tons of flagging, including the large elabCc belonging to Mr. Bastian, sawn by Mr. Hawken.-, It is two and a half inches thick, measures Jt'jjt? superficial feet, and with other exhibits by the same owner took the first prize at the late Willunga Agricultural Society's Show. On that occasion the second award was gained by Mr. T. - Martin. Death from Excessive Drinking.—On Wed. nesday night, March 26, at half-past 11 o'clock, John Hemy Fretwell, who some years ago car ried on business in Gawler-place as a dentist, was found lying apparently drunk across the foot path in Hindley-street, opposite Mr. Nitschkefe premises, and in a conveyance was by two con stables taken to the Police Station. When there, as he showed symptoms of death, he was conveyed to the Hospital, where he expired on his arrival. An inquest was held at the Hos pital on Thursday afternoon, when it was shown that Fretwell died from liver and kidney disease, brought on by excessive drinking, and a verdict was returned to that effect. The police had acted towards the poor man with the utmost consideration and loudness, and in the verdict the Jury very properly recognised their humane conduct. A full report will bo found else where. Electoral Apathy.—A meeting to consider who were the most fit persons to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council was con vened, as we have already mentioned, to be held in the Moonta Institute on Wednesday evening. Half an hour after the appointed time there were merely 15 persons present, and of those who had arranged to speak relative to the prepared propositions three or four were absent. Mr. Cratchetb, the Town Clerk, read an apology from Mr. C. Drew, the Mayor, who was to have presided, and another from Councillor Furner, both of whom regretted not being able to attend. After an interval Councillor Assheton said that many electors who had promised to attend were not present, and as so few had coma he thought it desirable that the meeting should disperse. Certainly they were late in the field, as the nominations were over. Under the cir cumstances he considered that they might confess that the gathering was a failure, for it would be a farce to go on with the business. Mr. Paqualin moved that Mr. E. H. Derrington, M.P., take the chair, but he thought it would be prema ture to appoint a Chairman before they knew whether they would proceed. He remarked that perhaps there were people outside waiting to come in. A policeman standing at the door way was asked how many men there were near. " Two, Sir," was the reply, so those oomposing the meeting immediately took up their hats ana departed. The Inveraray Mishaps.—The unfortunate Inveraray is secure at the outer moorings of Port Victor at present, but when she will get away to sea it is difficult to sunpise. Since her arrival four other vessels have entered Victor Harbour, taken in cargoes of wheat, and sailed again. Indeed three of the four arrived at Sydney with their loading on the 23rd instant as published. The Inveraray has still about 30 tons of stuff to take on board. Her mishaps have not occurred from any defect in the moorings, for thesa remain secure. Many ships of double her tonnage have ridden out strong gales from the south-east with a heavy sea and sustained-no injury. On the 12th instant, when the Inveraray broke away the first time, the Galatea was lying at a mooring near, and by letting out a proper cable rode easy and safe. The residents at Victor Harbour are pleased to see ships ceming there direct, and are particularly glad when they do so with dispatch. They hope that when the Inveraray leaves for London aha may have a thoroughly successful passage. "Wharf Frontages.—On Thursday the leases of two more wharf frontages at Port Adelaide were offered by auction at the Land Offioe. Both were knocked down to Mr. A. Hardy at £20 5s. each per annum, five shillings above the upset price. The frontages, which have each a length of 181 feet, are situated on the Govern ment Reserve, south of Hawker's Creek east of and in one case adjoining the Semaphore-road. Wheat Exportation.—From the Gazette of Thursday, March 27, we gather that the large quantities of 320,472 bushels of wheat and 1,302 tons of flour were exported from South Australia during the week ended March 22. This turned into tons, and reckoning 37 bushels to the ton, which is the freight measurement, represents something like 10,000 tons. During this year, upon the same calculation, over 60,000 tons have been shipped from the province; but taking the ordinary allowance of 45 bushels per ton the quantity would stand at 54,000 tons, which for three months' work must be considered very good, it being more than half the gross ship ments in the whole of the preceding year. Prolific Seed.—Captain Chase, of Sur veyor's Point, Yorke's Peninsula, has shown, us a list of pie melons produced on his farm from a single seed five years old. The total number was 44, and the aggregate weight 2,026 lbs. The heaviest grown upon the plant was 87 lbs., and the lightest 10 lbs. He states that he also grew 121 bags of good clean wheat and 24 sacks of inferior quality from 11 bags o£ rusty seed as small as rice. This produce was obtained from 35 acres of land. Captain Chasa states that snakes and adders have been more than usually plentiful this season, and that he has killed while mowing 24 of the former and 15 o£ the latter. Two of the reptiles were those known as the black snakes, which were found four miles away from the nearest water. Of the adders 13 were a dirty rusty brown colour; the other two were striped with blue and purple, and very handsome in appearance. The Anchorage.—The vessels in the road stead has been somewhat thinned in numbers lately, and on Thursday evening there were only sis vessels remaining. In the morning three sailed with wheat cargoes, and others were towed into Port Adelaide. The Marpesia is still there, but her time of departure iB now near, and if she succeeds as well in the homeward voyage as the outward trip she will show well to the front. Bbickhaking Block.—The Government hare lost no time in availing themselves of the provi sions of the Miscellaneous Leases Act* and on Thursday another proof of this appeared in their offering at auction in the Crown Lands Office for brickmaking purposes the fourteen years1 lease of four acres on the Park Lands north-west o£ Kadina, adjoining the reserve for water tanks. The purchaser was Mr. H. A, Corbett (through Mr. G. W. Cotton), and the rent agreed to be paid for a fourteen years' lease was £8 5s. per annum. The conditions provide for a resump tion of the land upon six months' notice being given, a reservation of minerals, and a distinct covenant securing the use of the ground by the lessee solely for the making of bricks. Practical Union.—The anniversary services of the Strathalbyn Wesley an Chapel was held on Sunday last. The morning sermon was preached by the Rev. J. G. Wright, Primitive Methodist; and in the afternoon and evening the Rev. T. Lloyd, of North Adelaide, offioiated. There were large congregations. On Tuesday evening a public tea meeting was numerously attended, and a pleasing feature was the friendly feeling shown by members of various churches. At the public gathering the Rev. J. Y. Simpson presided. A crowded audience assembled, and addresses were given by the Chairman, the Revs. F. S. Poole, B.A. (Church of England), T. Lloyd (Wesleyan), J. G. Wright (Primitive), and other gentlemen. The Rev. J. F. Henderson (Presby terian) being unwell, sent an apology for h:3 absence. The anniversary was, if not the most successful ever held by the Wesleyans, one o£ the best. Thf. Upper House. — Ou the night of March 24 a meeting was held at the Tanunda Hotel to consider the political views expressed by the candidates for the Legislative CounciL There was a moderate attendance, and Mr. J. Basedow, J.P. the District Chairman, presided. Sir Henry Ayers, Messrs. Duffield, J. Fisher, Bay, Tarlton, Sandover, and Everard were con sidered the most worthy of support, and it was resolved to endeavour to secure their election. The 11 ivers.—A mercantile letter, dated Breewarrina, March 25, reports:—"The rivet is now rising." A communication sent from Mcnindie on March 21, says:—" We hear of the water having fallen for some considerable time above, and there are some fears of our not being able to get to Bourke." The Collegiate School. — It will be seen from an advertisement elsewhere that the boarders at the Collegiate School of St. Peter's are henceforth to be under the special charge of the Head Master. This change, which is under stood to be a ] >ermaneut one, and not a mere tem porary arrangement, has arisen, we need kardly say, fr^rn the lamented death of the late Mr. C.'W. May, who for so many years was Second Master of the Collegiate School, and for some time post had also charge of the boarding establishment. A Striking Costume.—When the Mikado of Japan met the Russian Grand Duke Alexis, the sovereign was dressed iu a white silk robe with scarlet skirt, and wore a peculiar head-covering and nodding feather, His Majesty appearing thus to far greater advantage, it was considered, than iu a European costume. 