BULLI, From Our Correspondent.) BULLI Colliery.—Work at this mine has been very constant since the damages caused by the recent flood have been repaired. A steam collier is here every day, and sometimes at night. The Woniora arrives here at all hours, this being caused by her leaving Sydney immediately after discharging. The steamer Bulli arrived here from Melbourne last Monday morning about 2 o'clock, and was loaded and left again for the same port early in the afternoon of the same day to complete the coaling of the steamship Somersetshire. A Ghost Story. — Your correspondent has something new and novel to send you this time. A good ghost story is not a matter of every day occurrence. I will the "tale unfold" as it was related to me on the morning subsequent to the night during which the supernatural phenomenon is said to have taken place. The scene where the evil or good spirit is said to have been trying to frighten the life out of several good folks in this place is one of the houses near the mine. The wife of one of the miners who was at work on the night shift last Tuesday evening, became alarmed by the continual falling of pieces of stone on the floor of the house in which she resided. This com- menced about 9 o'clock. At first she took little notice of the matter, thinking, no doubt, that it was some mischievous youths who were playing tricks upon her. Eventually, however, she became alarmed, and sent a little girl that was staying with her to call in some of the neighbors, and her husband was also sent for, to come and see what was the cause of all this unaccountable disturbance. One of the parties went into the house, the floor in the meanwhile being struck violently by missiles of nearly every description. Where they were coming from, no one could tell. Some of the party thought they were coming from the roof of the house. A strict search was made both in- side and outside the house, but all in vain as to the discovery of the source of the annoyance. This mysterious bombardment was kept up until a little past midnight, when it ceased. Strange to say that a piece of soap that was lying on a window sill outside was plainly seen to fall on the floor of the house. I am not one of those who believe in in visionary things which was at one time greatly believed in by a large number of people. Such superstitious beliefs are now nearly for- gotten, and not a day too soon. I have to say at the same time that any person guilty of such mean cowardly conduct as that of causing such annoyance as that alluded to, should get three months at breaking stones for the good of their health, and by way of change of diet, with their bread and water, should be treated at intervals to a little cat-o-nine-tails, as a dessert. I have con- versed with several persons about the ghost matter, and none of them can see how the vibrations alluded to could have been caused by human hands, without the perpetrators being detected. I would ask, however, what is it that cannot be done in affairs of that sort by parties bent upon mischief. On the following night a considerable number of neighbors congregated at the scene of the former night's consternation, but nothing transpired on the part of the spirit on that occasion. Fatal Accident.—It is my painful duty to re- cord a most sudden and fatal accident which occurred at the Bulli colliery, on Saturday last, the unfortunate victim being a driver named James Seaton. The sad affair occurred about 10 o'clock in the forenoon, in No 1 Tunnel, and the circumstances connected with it may be briefly described thus. The deceased was driving from the outside to the second flat or sideling, where the inside horse takes the skips to the men hewing coal in that tunnel. John Smith, the inside driver, had seen the decseaed leaving with five full skips, and he (Smith) proceeded to the men as usual. This done he returned back again to the meeting place, and sat down for some time, wondering what was keeping Seaton so long in coming back in his turn to that spot. To pass away the time he sauntered down the heading, and had not proceeded farther than about forty yards when he saw the full skips standing. He examined for the cause of them being there, and beheld with horror that the poor boy's body was doubled up between two of the skips, Smith immediately gave the alarm to the men, and a few minutes proved that the poor boy was dead. The place where he killed is on the road where the drivers have to put in a number of "sprags," on account of an incline. It would appear that the lad had finished "spragging," and that he made an attempt to get on the "bumpers" of the skips, and that in doing so his foot must have slipped, causing him to fall between the two skips, and being killed in the manner named. The body was completely doubled up, the head and feet being together under the skips, while the bent part of the body was on the outside of the rail. From the time that the accident occurred, until the body was found must have been fully half-an-hour. Immediately on the melancholy news being known in the headings, all the miners and laborers knocked off for the day. The deceased was a fine lad of about fourteen or fifteen years and his sad and sudden end has cast quite a gloom over this neighborhood. I may also state that his parents reside here also, and their affliction by the sad event may be imagined but not described. The coroner for the district (Mr E. F. Smith) initiated an inquest at the Woonona Hotel, on Sunday last, touching the death. A jury having been empannelled went and viewed the body. Dr Lyons was also in attendance, and stated that it was his opinion that the cause of death, had been dislocation of the vertebrae of the neck, but that he could not be positive without making a postmortem examina- tion. The jury at first objected to have such an examination made, but eventually agreed to it, when they found that the coroner would not per- mit the body to be interred unless the doctor was fully satisfied as to the cause of death. The examination proved beyond doubt that the cause of death was that supposed by Dr Lyons at first. The coroner then gave an order for the burial of the body, and adjourned the inquest until Satur- day next, in order to allow time to communicate with head quarters, so that the Inspector of Col- lieries may attend the inquest. The funeral of the deceased took place on Sunday afternoon being attended by a large and respectable proces- sion. The body was interred in the Presbyterian burial-ground, at Woonona. The Rev John Kinross, of Kiama, conducted the burial service in a most deeply feeling and impressive manner, after which he preached in the Church to a large congregation. 