THE HANDSOME HOUSEKEEPER. By Gkorue Augustus Sai.a. " As Housekeeper to a Widower or Single Gentleman. A Lnily in the strictest sense of the term desires a position as above. She has been accustomed to the sunerintendenco of a refined establishment, and is accomplished and companionable. The care or education of children strongly objected to. Address 1 Sin- ceritas,' Post Office, Azalea-sheet, Camden Town, N.W." "And it this is not a sincere advertisement,'' said Eachaol Merton to herself, as she concluded tho composition of the invitation to the widow ers and single gentlemen I have translated above, "I'm sure I don't know what is." " I am a lady," she resumed ; "at least my father was a gentleman ; and his daughter has never done anything to dishonour his name. That's being a lady in the strictest ser.se of the term, isn't it ? I've been accustomed to tho superintendence of a refined establishment. Well a boarding school with fifty girls ought to bo refined. I know it was difficult and responsible aud bothering enough. I am accomplished, if French, and German, and music, and drawing; — what plagues they were tome! — reckon as accomplishments; and for my being companionable, ask Harry. I might fall into tho hands of some stingy old gentle man with a tribe of children, or grandchildren, aud who, under the pretence of engaging a housekeeper, entrapped me into being a gover ness to half a dozen troublesome boys and girls, No, no ; I'm not going to save you your boarding-school bills, Mr. Widower; and I'm not going to cut bread and butter for tho juveniles, and mend Miss Alice's pinafores, or put new buttons on Master Tommy's jacket. I've done quite enough of that kind of thing in my time." Eachacl Merton neatly folded up tho ad vertisement, placed it in her portemonnaio, and proceeded to set about publishing the announce ment of her intentions in the 'I'iwm newspaper. Her figure was simply magnificent : svelte, yet magnificent ; undulating in motion, yet ma jestically erect in immobility. Eachacl was a remarkably self-possessed young lady, and know perfectly well what she was about. She was now close upon twenty-five years of age, and she had always been a very odd girl ; so odd, indeed, when she was a child, that her parents had frankly owned their inability fro " do anything with her;" Eaehaid's firmness and fixity of purpose were called obstinacy ; her occasional self-consciousness was stigmatised as conceit ; if she was grave, she was accused of being sulky ; if she was gay, it was with " flightiness '' that she was charged. She dis liked music, so she was forced to practise the pianoforte, for six hours a day. She grew up to hate Genesis in its literary aspect, and was consequently told that she was bringing her parents' grey hairs with sorrow to the grave. At sixteen she was left an orphan, and was seut to reside with a maiden aunt, an intensely disagreeable old woman — proud, ignorant, prejudiced, ohstinat", stingy, and snuffy, who kept a boarding-school. At Silver Spring Eachacl remained six years, teaching a great deal more to tho fifty girls than she had any idea she knew, and learning considerably from the masters who attended the school. Eachaol and her aunt contrived to bear with each other, until the former fell in love with her cousin Harry Eowis. Then the wrath of \- -the aunt was roused. Her first proceeding when she discovered what had been going on (by means of one of those crumplcd-up love letters which young people will be idiotic enough to leave about — I found a billet-doux once under a stall ar the opera, and another in' a hansom), waR to turn her nephew out of the house ; her next was to send for her lawyer and alter her will ; her third was to order her niece up to her bedroom, Micro to be incarcerated on bread and water till farther orders. This last coup, however, though masterly, was not successful. "Thank you, aunt," her undutiful relative bawled in her ear; " I had enough black hole and bread and water when I was a child. Perhaps you'd like, to order me to bo birched, ma'am. I am twenty-two, aunt, do you hear that!" " Mou 're, an impudent hussy 1" shrieked the Freeholder, forgetting her dignity, and making as though to hurl her tortoiseshell snuff-box at the head of the tall young rebel. " I'll learn you to make love to my nevvy. I'll twenty- two thee, thou good-for-uowt jade 1 Get oot wi' thee ; get oot 1" The Freeholder was a Lancashire Witch, and when excited, spoke tho broadest Tim Bobbin. "That's just what I shall do, aunt," replied the undaunted Eachaol, and she did it to her lover. So she wrote "you must go to sea again Harry, and become first officer, and captain, and part owner, and all kinds of fine things ; and then perhaps everything will come round, and aunt will forgive you. I'm sure I don't want her to forgive me." Mr. Harry Powis was at first very much dis posed to rebel against this arrangement ; but Eachael Merton was a very determined young woman, and from her decision there was no appeal. So Harry was fain once more to con front tho terrors of a stormy ocean. To re turn again to pass his examination as chief officer ; to sail again, and return once more to earn his certificate as master mariner. As Captain Powis he was fortunate enough to be able to afford some gold lace, for his coat. In other words, his private venture had been very successful ; and when he was appointed to the command of the Bengal Poppy, that teak built A. 1 craft, the swiftest clipper in the entire. Dappel-Gray fleet, lie was enabled to purchase no less than a fifth share in her keel and cargo. " If the worst comes to the worst, thought .Harry Powis, " Eachael must marry me when I come home after the next voyage ; and aunt may leave her money to the Baptists, or the Blacking-hoys' Brigade, for anything I care. Confound her old money ! " And what had Eachaol Morton been doing all this while ; I declare that when her lover went to sea again, that incomprehensible Eachael went and engaged herself to keep tho books and oversee the chambermaids — to lie lady- lionsekeeper indeed — at tho Eoyal Salamanca Hotel in Dale-street, Liverpool. She argued with herself, " Will any school or private family in Lancashire give me eighty pounds a year and my board and lodging I I get that, and tho kindest of treatment into the bargain, at the Salamanca Hotel. Everybody treats me respectfully. With my own money I have a hundred and fifty pounds a year. I can dress like a lady, and yet save two-thirds of my in come ; and I shall he as rich as a Jew when Harry comes home." You sec thai Eachacl Merton was a very calculating young person — quite a worldling. She remained a long poriod at tho Eoyal Salamanca Hotel, where she was Empress of the bar- parlour, and would pro- bably have stayed longer in a busy but comfort able and joyous post, but for the circumstance of Mrs. Fluff the landlady being suddenly re moved (she was a tremendous eater) to a better world ; and of Mr. Fluff, her relict, approving himself to he, within six weeks of his partner's demise, a much less disconsolate widower thau delicacy, to say nothing of connubial piety, should have prompted him to he. In fact, tho bereaved landlord of the Salamanca made such violent (albeit strictly honourable) love to Eaehol, and did so passionately urge her to change her name from Morton to Find', that the poor girl was in self-defence compelled to give him warning, and to run away, almost, to Loudon, whereas we have seen she determined to advertise for the situation of housekeeper to a single gentleman ; tho famous advertisement was duly inserted in the leading journal ; and, anon, answers to the invitations of "Sineeritas " began to flow in galore. Ninety pur cent, of the answers received by " Sineeritas " were rubbish, or worse. Idiots wrote; madmen wrote ; scoundrels wrote. There were a few grains of wheat in this intolerable load of chad ; but Eachael grew tired of corresponding with shabby or half-childish old ex-stockbrokers, retired Q.G'.'s, and valetudinarian hall-pay officers, some0 of whom wanted a cook, and others a nurse ; hut none of whom fulfilled Miss Mm ton's idea of the. requirements ot' a widower or single gentleman properly so term ed. At length the postmaster handed her one evening a note, which I transcribe literally : — " Ilondred Bloomsbri-squar. — Mister Zilli- coflaui is gentleman vidout wiles (grazia a Dio 1), and vauts not none. If the vomans lady vich calls herself do post office Sincerita can come keep Mr. Zollicoffani's house, and not let his families come in to roh his pretty tings, deru is good cook and de Sincerita can have three bedroom and do what she like tor a hun dred pound a year, hut you must keep out my families ; my banker will tell- you I am old gentleman dat know Cardinal Resell aud do Bishop J .on I of Bristolderrv, very ver well I am — you can come now my legs is had and you not live at de pnst-ofiieo perhaps. — C'.'.VAI.I l'.KK GiANn.vrrj.sTA Zoi.licoitani." This epistle was written in a rambling but delicate hand on paper smelling very strongly of tobacco smoke, and the envelope was sealed with a beautiful impression of a seal representing a goat dancing to the piping of.a faun. " That's the letter of a gentleman, and of a single one too ; and ho isn't mad, though he does spell Bloomslmry - square ' Bloomsbri Sipiar.' I shall call there." Thus spoke Eachael Morton in her most ilecidod way. She was as good as her word. Vat is he you vant?" asked a skinny old woman in a voice like a hurdy-gurdy suffering from bronchitis, and with a strong foreign accent. "Mr. ZollicolTani." " He vas here ; hut vat you want 1 " " To see him on business ; " and then Eachael explained. " Tt is rights. You eonie in directly. Ma, aspc/la. Un nwmcrUiiio. You not belong to his families ' " Whose family 1 in the name of wonder ! " Eachael snappishly demanded. " Mr. Zollicolfani's. If you come to lie his dear relations, and make his vill, and rob his pretty tings, I go for the policeman. You arc a dam 'ansom vomans." " Thank you," replied Eachaol gaily, as tin: witch led the way up a liroad stone staircase, Lo whose grades a few rags auil tatters of in describably dirty carpet clung. " Dure is no tank," murmured her conduct ress. " You are too 'ansomo for Mister Zolli- collani. Ho like deni ogly as T. His families is all dam 'ansom." " I wish she wouldn't use such had language," thought Eachael. " Perhaps it is a way these foreigners have." Tho old woman halted at the richly carved and panelled door of an apartmont on the first floor, which should havo boon tho drawing- room. As regards its furniture, however, it was twin-brother to tho outranco-hall below. Thore wero neither blinds nor curtains to tho windows, and there was no carpet on tho floor ; but thero wero rolls of satin damask aud brocado, and bales of seemingly tho richest Turkey, Brussels, and Aiibusson stacked in corners. The name of the packing-cases was legion; and there . was a wholo 'Keelson of statuesque ghosts in the background. In tho midst of this chaos sat, at a largo oaken writing-table, littered with statuettes, objects iu bronze nud gold and silver, miniatures, enamels, books and papers, a littlo old gontlo- man in a chintz drosssing-gown and slippers, with a black volvet skull-cap and a very largo pair of blue spectaclos. His hand3 were very iontr and white ; and it was a rolicf to Eachael to find that amidst all this dust and dirt tho littlo old gentleman, though his dressing gown was ragged and his skull-cap was threadbare, looked clean. " Ho isn't a bit mad," she said to herself, as tho old woman, motioning her to a seat, left tho room. 11 He isn't a bit mad," sho repeated, "only dreadfully clover." Tho littlo old gontlemon took oft his lduo spectacles, carefully wiped them, and looked long and earnestly at Miss Merton. Mino oyes is voak," ho explained in a tremulous but clear voice, " through looking at de pretty tings, and reading do black-letter book ; but I can see you well enough. You arc vt<r 'ansom." "I've been told so before, sir," Eachaol retorted with sotno to in per, " and tho last time by your servant, tivo minutes ago." " My servant," went oil tho old gontlemon very mildly, " is a cow-cat fool vid a pig-head ; but sho ver good and fuithful voman, and cook vor good dinner. She av grown rich in my sorvico, and no vant to rob me, or to got place in my vil. Sho hate my fumilies, and I hate dotn too." Eachael made a slight inclination of the head which might mean anything, a3 ho paused. " Vy, T tell you dat you are 'ansom," re sumed Mr. Zollicoflani, " is only to varu you dat if you com' liv' here to bo my 'ousokoeper, you shall be as ansome as Giudita vich cut off do head to Oloferno, and I not marry you " " Bless your hoart alive, sir ! " cried the candidate, who wants to marry you ? I'm sure I don't. It's a shame — a burning shame," she' w'ent on, more it would seem to herself than to the old foreigner beforo her, " that in this hard cruel world a reputable young woman cannot endeavonr to earn an honest livelihood without being exposed to all the misrepresentation and nil tbe suspicions which enn possibly be snggested to tbe mean and selfish or depraved minds of men." This deliverance concluded, Miss Rachael Merton, her hands behind her, began to pace np and down the room in a very agitated manner. "Sit down upon de chair," the old gentle man said at last benevolently. "I am an old man, and if de vorld not know mo, I know do vorld. You not want to marry nobody bo- cause somobody go to marry you. Eh ? " Eachael blushed and hung her head. " Dero ! " criod tho littlo old gentleman. "Now soo do difference. Evory voman body vant to marry mo, and I vant to marry nobody. I vas did got marriod voneo, and my vifc, vich is dead, sho tear do bowel of my heart out. My families cannot innrry mc, because de man cannot marry his grand fathers ;' but thoy vant mo to make my vilis, because thoy titik I have do money. I havo not got do moneys — no, not von penny savo do liddlo annuities to buy do polenta and do macaronis ; but I got do protty tings. Von I vant do now protty tings for change, I sell do old vonos to Kaspar Kaltoff, and get tho money to buy dom vid. You shall know Kaspar Kaltoff. He is do ver rich Jew, anil you shall liko hira. lie is de good jew nud not do dam tiof Jew. And now, my littlo von, vo vill talk do business." IIo could afford to pay her, out ot his in come of eight hundred pounds, a hundred a year. ITe roforrcd Eachaol to his bankers and to tho Italiau Consul-gonoral ; and, on his part, ho mado vory careful and minute in quiries into tho respectability of his house keeper elect. So Eachaol Morton wont to abido with this singular old Mr. Zollicoflani ; und within six months thero woro curtains hung up and carpots put down ; tho ontrauec-hall was care fully hoarthstoncd every moruing ; you might have oaten your dinner oil tho staircase ; anil tho outire establishment, which previously had borno an equal resomblanco to a booth in Hag- fair and an old-curiosity shop in Wardour- street with tho bailiffs in possession, began to look liko that which it really was — a gentlo. mau'shouse, abundantly furnished, and udoruod with a sumptuous collection of works of art and vertu. What droll letters she wrote per over land mail to Harry Powis, far away ! What stories sho told him of the whims and oddities of old Mr. Zollicoflani — of his kindness, his clovornoss, his lovo for art and good oating, and his intense horror and dread of his families ! They woro a foarsouio rnco. Just irnagino that Job's comforters had marriod the Horseleech's daughters, and had had issue by thorn a number of liighly-rospectable peoplo who lived at Peckhatn Eyo. That might, perhaps, givo you an idea of Mr. Zollicoffani's family. Thoy woro of no consanguinity to him ; thoy woro only his wifo's relations ; sho herself had pasod away, but her relations did not pass away. They all marriod and had children, who survived to torment Mr. ZollicolTani ill this old ago. Some of the relatives grew rich, and others came to grief and bankruptcy ; but noithor felicitous nor advorso circumstancos mado the slightest difference in their conduct to the collector of Blooiusbury-squaro. Thoy wore fully per suaded in their minds that ho was rich — 6nonnously rich, und that it was his bniiiulon duly to make a will in their favour. Tho relatives wero never admitted within the threshold of tho collector's houso ; but thero was not a cousin (by marriage) tou tiinos re? moved who did not tako an early opportunity to inform Mr. Zollieoifiini, through tho penny post, of his sentiments rogarding an artful and designing woman ; and cousins-in-law oven of tho collector's cousins by marriago made journeys from romoto suburbs cxprossly for tho purpose of walking up and down iu front of number ouo hundred Blooinsbury-squure, and shaking their lists vongefully at tho dining-room windows. Moauwhilo the collector, the handsome housekeeper, and old Gianotta tho cook, were leading a very peaceful, harmless, happy fife. Eachael had told Mr. Zollicoflani all about her engagement to Harry Powis, and laid frankly wanted him that when the captain returned sho must resign her situation. " He will not come hack yet, my dear," the collector would sav, laying his hand kindly on the young woman's shoulder. " He will not come for one good year yet. I shall not last long. I shall nol trouble my families any more. All my pretty tings shall go to tho South Kensang- ton Museum. I make, my villa. Stop. I leave one littlo tings out to give to you veil the captain come home to marry you." I. have mentioned more than onco a certain Kaspar Kaltoff. Ho was a North-German Jew — a Ppmeranieh, I think, from Stettin. He was Mr. Zollicoffaai's chief agent. But Kasper was not often in London. Ho and his familiar demon Schrapp were continually travelling hither and thither, from one end of the continent to the other, and sometimes oven to America — wheresoever, in fine, there wore pictures and statues and jewels to bo bought and sold. Eachaol Morton had officiated as housekeeper in Bloomsliury-sqiiaro just fifteen mouths- — fifteen months of dire agony to Mr. Zolli coffani's family — when one morning Kaspar Kaltoff and his man Schrapp called on busi ness. Kaspar Kaltoff' was closeted for at least a couple of hours with the collector ; and in tlic midst of the interview Schrapp was sent for from the hall, where lie had been solacing himself with it slight collation of Bologna sausage and Capri Socco. When Kaspar and his man came downstairs the elderly Israelite shook hands very cordially with Eachael, and told her that he and Schrapp quitted London that night for Russia. Eachael wont upstairs, and found the collector, oddly enough, on his knees in the middle of the great front drawing- room. He was getting very weak ; and when she assisted him to rise lie exhibited no little confusion. There wero two bright crimson spots on Mr. Zollicoffani's ordinary pale cheeks when his housekeeper comfortably disposed him iu his easy chair. " I could not lift dom," lie said, apologetically, pointing to some pictures. " Do old man is getting ver so-so ; and ho want to look at the pretty tings." Tho excuse was certainly a colourable one. "1 have some business for you to do littlo vomans " — why he should have called such a tall young person "little" was one of his whims — ho said after a while. "Tako dekeys and go down to the chambers, and in de press marked B, dere you will find in a little drawer in de left top corner, all by himself, a red leather case, and in him a most beautiful pretty ting — a cross made all of diamonds. Ho belong once to de Great Napoleone, Imperatoro di Francia e d'ltalia, and he is vorth moro dan a thousand pound. Go, bring me de pretty ting, my dear ; for I vant to do something vid him." Rachael took the keys, and was about depart ing on her mission, when the collector called her back. "Dero is one little ting more," he said. " You know do patent key dat opon de great big strong box. Dere you find a bondle of little paper, all about de Great Domdaniel Railway Debentures, deycall him. Bring him too. And now give mo von littlo glass of A sli spuinanta, for I am veaks." Eachael administered to him a glass of tho light effervescing Italiau wine he had named, and went oil her way. She was absent on her errand nearly two hours, being delayed by an error in which her employer had seemingly fallen as to the where abouts of the diamond cross. When she arrived sho found a small crowd before Mr. Zollicoffani's door, and thero was a policeman standing on tho steps. Sho hastily alighted, and found the hall-door open, and an other constable in the hall. " Good God !' she cried, '-'what has happen ed " " Are von Miss Morton, tho housekeeper liere l" asked the policeman. " I am." she replied, " what is tho matter?" " Then," pursued the constable with a grave cough, " I think you're wanted upstairs. There's a good deal the matter there." As Eachael ascended the staircase tho con stable quickly closed the ili.ior, and stood leisurely hut watchfully with his back toward.-: it. Nor was the housekeeper aware that as she mounted, sho was followed noiselessly hut closely by a gentleman of- middle age, with very carefully-trimmed black whiskers, and whose most distinguishable article of apparel was an overcoat, of the hue known as pepper-and-salt. Going in to the great front drawing-room, sho found it half full of people clamouring at the top of their voices. Hhe was acquainted with some of the peoplo by sight ; and a sure intui tion told her who the others were. They be longed to Mr. Zollicoffani's family. So soon as ever sho made her appearance the clamour subsided into a kind of subdued growl, amidst which she seemed to hoar more than one mur- mur of " seize her, anil a louder ejaculation in the unmistakable accents of Mrs. Choslorlead of " Pison." Nobody, however, offered to lay hands on her ; only tho gentleman with the carefully-trimmed whiskers, who wore the peppoi- and-salt overcoat, kept very closely to her. The family mado a lane for her, scowling as they parted, into the back iliiiing-rbom ; and there, lying on a couch, with his face turned up, his eyes closed, motionless and stark, was her dear old master, dead ! '1 he housemaid had heard a heavy fall over head as she was dusting the drawing-room, about half an hour after tho departure of Eachael for Drybones Inn. Ensiling upstairs, sho had found Mr. ZollicolTani lying on the carpet, struggling feebly, and quite insensible, lie was iu a lit. The housemaid did as foolish, ignorant housemaids do under similar circum stances. Instead of (at least) raising her master's head, she rushed downstairs, and into the street, screaming " Murder 1 " A policeman came up, who, not being an entire blockhead, had tho sense to secure at once the services of a passing potboy, whom he dispatched for the nearest medical assistance procurable, while he himself went upstairs, raised Mr. Zollicoflani from the floor, unloosed his neckcloth, laid him on a sofa with a couple of pillows under his head, and with infinite difficulty persuaded the housemaid, who by this time had grown per- feetlv idiotic, to get .some vinegar aud cold water with which to bathe tho sufferer's fore head. Within ten minutes a surgeon arrived, who strove to bleed the old man, and essayed such other remedial means as medical skill could devise. But all was in vain. Sir. Zolli- eolTini opened his eyes once or twice, but lie made no other sign ; nod then the film of mor tality seemed to be drawn from off his features, aud they resolved themselves into tho infinite beauty and majesty of death. In less than twenty minutes afterwards tho news of the catastrophe had been disseminated through tho Bloomslmry district ; and Mr. Zollicoffani's family were being telegraphed for or summoned by messengers in hot haste from all points of the suburban compass. The surgeon's assistant told Mrs. Chestorloail, who forthwith communicated with Mrs. Gat-boys; and all Clapham was agog. Tho passing pot boy, impressed by that cautious constable, told the barmaid at the tavern which he served. The customers greedily swallowed the news with their biscuits and cheese and. glasses of Allsop iu the luncheon- bar. Death is wikilirp, and spreads as widely and rapidly. " A case of sudden death," the surgeon's assistant said it was. Bv the time the news reached Convent Garden Market — throe eminent, potato-salesmen had a light lunch of beefstakos and double stout over tho affair at the Bedford Head iu Mudcu Lane — it had assumed the proportions of a horrid murder. That it was nothing whatever of tho kind was siifficently apparent to the medical attend ant and the police, who had been joined by this time by a burly good natured super intendent from Bow Street. "There will he a pnat-nmHem of course before tho inquest," he observed to the surgeon. "It seems a clear case of decay of nature ; not that I'd trouble you with an opinion, sir," hu added defer entially. " You're quite right, Mr. Superintendent." tho surgeon returned, with an amicable nod. " What a handsome, old man he must have been ; classical Italian features ; curious de velopment of the temporal hones, oh ! 'Where's the inquest 1 ' "The Dustman's Arms, Fndell-street. Tho coroner don't like the house ; but we can't help oi-irselve." " So he it. Your people had better get the body upstairs to a bedroom for the P. M. ; and hadn't you hotter clear the room of these mad people, who are jabbering and howling one's head off" — the clamour had begun again. "'They seem to think that the housekeeper has given tin; old gentleman poison." " They're relatives of tho family, sir," ex plained the superintendent ; "so the servants say ; and we shall have to ask tho housekeeper a -few questions." " Well, that's no business of mine," remark ed the medical man, tranquilly putting up his lancets. " I needn't stop. If you can manage it, give a hint to the beadlo not to summon too many cheese mongers on the jury. There were five, I think, in that case of tho man in Short's Gardens who beat his wifo to death with a spade ; and they wanted to return a verdict of ' Died by tho visitation of Providence.' You remember tho foreman observing that 1 they didn't want no doctors.' Good morning to you." So the doctor went home to lunch, and to tell his assistant about Mr. Zollicoffani's pictures and statues, and what a handsome woman tho housekeeper was. Tho superintendent from Bow-street, and that gentleman in pepper-and-salt attire and with the well trimmed whiskers, asked Eachel a great many questions — not obstrusivo, but quietly searching ones. She had not fainted she had not manifested any symptoms of going into hysterics ; but her eyes seemed fixed ; her lips were parched; her tongue seemed to Iter too large for her mouth ; aud sho trembled as one. that had the palsy. A choking sensation was clutching at her throat ; and with a spasmodic movement she tore away tho silken kerchief which was round her nock. The ends of that kerchief were pinned beneath tho bosom of her dress. The violent, almost convulsive, movement she made brought with it the packet of railway securities and the morocco ease containing tho diamond cross ; and these fell to the door. "Property! Property U she's got property belonging to the deceased about her." This from the relatives. " How did you come by these articles, miss ?" the gentleman with the closely-trimmed whiskers asked quite impassihly, when, having picked up the fallen objects, ho was proceeding to examine them. " Mr. ZollicofTini," Rachael explained, " this verv morning gave ine instructions Lo go to Drybones Inn to fetch those papers und that cross, which lie required lor some purpose un known to me. Ho entrusted me, as lie hud done fifty times before, with the keys both of the chamber and of the boxes aud drawers within them, and those keys L have here." Sho put her hand in her pocket as she spoke, and then gave a half-shriek. " Gracious .Mercy 1" she. exclaimed, " the outer key is here ; hut in my lutrry I must havo left the others at the chambers." The remembrance suddenly came ucioss her that she had really done so. The superintendent and tho gentleman in pepper-and-salt exchanged glances. " I'm very sorry, miss." the latter observed, stepping for ward, " but it is my duty to tell you that appearances, so far as they go, don't tell exactly in your favour. am Inspector Lugo, of the detective force ; and it is my duty to take you into custody on suspicion — iiiiiul, only on sus picion — of robbing the deceased gentleman's chambers." Ho did not, even then, lay hands on her, lmt ho seemed to have frozen to her ; and Eachael felt that virtually she was bound in chains and with links of iron. She could only say, and repeat over and over again, " I am innocent." A hoarse roar of approval broke from tins assembled relatives at the step taken by Inspector Edge, and sonic zealous advocate of justice in the remote background made an audible allusion lo handcuffs. ; " It's only a case of suspicion," tho gentleman in pepper ami- salt quietly remarked, with refer ence to tho benevolent suggestion from the background. " Tho young woman may he stating nothing hut the truth ; und, any way, one story is. good till another is told. I don't want to give you unnecessary trouble, miss," lm continued lo Eachael ; " hut wo must go upstairs and look into your boxes, and this female must have something to say to you in another room." How " this female " had made her entrance — whether through the floor, the ceiling, or tho window, no otic, save perhaps tho police officials, could tell. Nobody, it was certain, had seen her appear through tho customary medium of the doorway ; but there sho was, in a plaid shawl, and a bonnet of no particular shape — a female of uncertain age, and with a drooping eyelid; Mrs. Towslo indeed, the female searcher from Bow-street. The police ransacked lbicliael's boxes, while she underwent, in another room, the indignity of a personal search. Nothing was found upon her of a nature to el iminate her, save the key of the outer door of the chambers iu Drybones Inn, and for tho possession of that key she could offer at least a feasible explanation. There was a great many handsome dresses and feminine trinkets iu her boxes — too handsome, tho superintendent and inspector thought, to havo been honestly come by by a gentleman's housekeeper ; hut their brows were somewhat smoothed when Rachael mentioned tho salary she received and the private means she possess ed. "She's a real lady, anyhow," whispered the detective to the superintendent; "and I don't see why her story shouldn't ho true. But the old gentleman's family have got their knives into her for something or other. Tt's easy to see that." Their knives into her ! Tho family of the late Mr. ZollicoHuni would havo had Eachael Merton, could they havo so or dered it, hanged, drawn, and quartered before tho door of number One Hundred Bloomslmry Square (after being put to the torture to force her to discover the whereabouts of Mr. Zolli coffani's will), that verv moment. So far as Eachael .Morton was concerned, the legal proceedings were of a very simple aud comprehensive nature. From tho. station- house to tho Houso of Detention, and thence, after repeated examinations before a magistrate — the case against her gaining a blacker aspect every time she came up on remand — to New gate. That was the course her young sun inn. Sho was fully committed to take her trial on three indictments for robbery ; and to take that trial she -stood one gloomy morning in the dock of the Central Criminal Court, a female turnkey on one side, and the humane governor of Newgate sitting at his desk on tlic other. Tho court was crowded, and opera-glasses wero freely used to scan the features of the hand some culprit in the dock, by tho members of t.ho aristocracy on the bench, and the ladies who through tho courtesy of the sheriffs had been accommodated with seats. Tho show of wigs and gowns at the bar-table was tremen dous. Serjeant Viper — Mr. Anderson with him — were for the prosecution. Tlic defence was conducted by Mr. Silvertongue, Q.C., with Mr. Styngtale as his junior ; and poor old Mrs. Lupus of the. Private Hotel and Boarding House, Camden Town, was — throwli tho friendly ofhees of Inspector Edge of the detec tive force — in a corner of the gallery, crying her eyes out. Rachael had been notified repeatedly- whilo in prison, by tho agents of the prosecution, that if sho would make full revelations about tho will, and the other objects missing from tho chambers, but which had not yet boon dis covered, the prosecuting counsel would address tho court in mitigation of punishment. But what had she to reveal 1 she had revealed every thing, so far as sho know it. Sergeant Viper mado out the case against her much to that eminent practitioner's satis faction, and to the delignt of Mr. Zollicoffani's family, duly assembled in court to see justico done. His aide, Mr. Anderson, examined the witnesses with great sprightliness and humour ; nor' was their testimony shaken by tho clever cross-examination of Mr. Styngtale. "Sho'll get ten years," whispered tho superintendent from Bow-street to Inspector Edge. Mr. Silvertongue, Q.C., mado a most eloquent speech for the defence, full of quotations from Tennyson, Moore, and Mrs. Homans — Silver tongue was always great on poetical extracts when a member of the fair sex wns in trouble. But the judge — it was Mr. Baron Desert — summed up dead against tho prisoner. Ho had every right to do so ; for the facts wero assuredly in favour of the supposition of her guilt- The jury had been dismissed to consider their verdict, and wero clamping out of the box — have you never listened with ali the ears of your heart to the clamping of juryman's boots after the judge had charged them ? — when a voice in tho body of tho court suddenly cried out " Shtop ! " It had a nasal accent — a German accent ; and in a dreamy kind of way, it seemed fu'idliar to Rachael. She looked to whence tho voico pro ceeded, and theu, to her surpriso and horror, she saw two faces sho knew. Astonishment only struck her win ii she recognised Kaspar Kaltoff; despair overcame her when she gazed oil the handsome bronzed features of Harry Powis. Tim Jew demanded to be sworn — ho had but that moment, with his companion, pushed his way into court — as lie had matters of the highest im portance to communicate bearing on tho prisoner's defence. Being duly put into the box and sworn, tho jury having resumed their seats, Kaspar un clasped the courier's bag he wore at his hip, and handed a sealed paper to the judge. " Dat h.iper, ' lie paid, " vas writen in my pre sence by old Mr. ./fillicoffani do very day he die ; it vas vitness by ma and my man, Schrapp (who is outside do gourt veightin vid do polislio to go iu and zee your honourable lordship). Dat baper vas given into my gostody by old Mr. Zollic -Hani, id instroctions to obeu 'em veil ho vas dead. I gominit it now lo your lordship to obeu before de honourable gourt. 1 go afay vivo- minutes afder thai baper vas sign. I go afay on my business to Bedcrspurg, to Mosgow, to Kasnn, to Tobolsk. I only genu ling last night, and at Zouthampton I meet <1 is honourable young gentleman. Mr. Ilarrv Bowis. who vas half mm? at do ilrubblo de brisoner (vich he lofe) vas in, vich lie hear ven he land from India. Ye dravei ail i ight, and here ve are. Vill you read do baper, my lord ? " Mr. Baron Dc-sert had road tbe paper very attentively. " Tbis document, gentlemen of tbe jury," bis lurdsbip began, "purports to be tho 1 ist will ami testament of tho late Gianbattista Z filicotl'aiii, of 100 Bloomshury-square, gentle man ; dated on tho very day on which you have evidence that lie died. The will, gentlemen — '" Mr. Serjeant Viper, for the prosecution, rose ami remarked, " My lord, I ivoull respectfully submit that this is not a court of probate." " Truly so, Brother Viper," acquifsced tho judge; "only tho contents of this will, whoso genuineness is not now called in question, materi ally affects tho charge of robbery as against tho prisoner at tbe bar. By this will the testator leaves the wholo of Lis property, absolutely and unreservedly, to Rachael Merton, for her sole use and benefit, constituting her sole executrix there of. If this will ho genuine, gentlemen, it is clear that tho prisoner could not have stolen the articles meiitioued in the imlictmont ; nnd taking the will quantum ealvut, it will now t o your duty to listen to the cross-examination of the witness Kaltoff, if the prosecution choose lo tako tbis course." The prosecution did choose to tako that course; but neither Mr. Sc-rjoaut Viper nor Mr. Aldersou couhhiiake anything of the witness Kaltoff of a nature that was unfavourable to Rachael. There were pleuty of witnesses to vouch for Kusper's rrspectabiliiy, from the Prussian ambassador and thu rabbi of the Jewish synagogue downwards, and his testimony was in many points confirmed by his man Schrapp. The judge directed an ac quittal ; and Each ml left the dock free, to fall fainting into the bauds of Ilenry Powis. Mr. Zollicoffani left very little money behind him ; but the sale of his effects — for the master pieces among which Kasper Kultoff was a judicious bidder— realised a sum of nearly fifteen thousand pounds. Of course Mr. Zollicoffani's relatives tried to upset the will, and to show that the col lector was out of his mind; that " undue influ ence "had been used by his handsome house- keepir; with a variety of tliing3 too numerous to mention. But all tho'r efforts failed in the long run. Need I say, in conclusion, that Henry and Euclmel were married, and that Kasper Kaltoff was always a welcome guest at their house ? Yt t Racial had esrpeJ a ve:y awful peril. Take my advice, ladies, aud don't indulge iu freaks — all happily as hers ended. Mn. Tnoi.LOi'i-;. — " Atticus," in the Melbourne Leader, rotnurks : — Writers with n reputation, fictitious or olhonviso, seoin to commit olloncoa with impunity, which if tracod to t.ho smullor fry of litorattiro would bo visited with tho scvorost condemnation. Mr. Anthony 'i'rollopo is not afraid to risk tho chargo of plagiarism in order to enliven his outpourings with a morsel of hilarity. In his hook on (jiioonsland, writing of Rockhampton, he says: — "It is so hot that pooplo going from it to nil evil plneo nro said to soml hack to earth for tlioir blankets, finding that ovil placo to bo too chilly for tlioni after tho homo thoy liavo left." Good, Mr. Trollopo, but its a pity that two groat minds droppod upon tho sumo idea, and that tho other gavo his first to the world, lias Mr. 'I'rollopo read Mark Twain's Innocents at Homo? Twain onco visiting a town in Nevada territory, called it hot, vory hot. lie was told that a soldier of tho garrison, who was ono of tho most wicked inon in tho forco, died, and that shortly al'tor his doath ho telegraphed from boll for his blankets. Mr. Trollopo will of course bo nstonishod if tho similarity of tho two passagos is over pointed out to liiin, nnd will regard tho coineidettco us a most curious one. No doubt it is. 