SCANDAL i n*. fnscinations that enthral the priests ? j Priestesses .of scandal cannot W be"! ^ anT deep'-seated-strong from SheSr tWfJ «nd persistent vitality, ahd^eejj-' wa??from the difficulties texperitericeid l?yv meh in their analysis. Thecuriomr with which a rumOur of aughtthat b1aIdegrade f;he. position of to sMly the wntHon of «en hitherto wytired^S rap-1 repilnDiv welcomed, tenderly nursed, zealoiisly andBtrenaouBly upheldmust Btirely from some sources in our nature, primordial, and inBcratabli ! Some; «fth!atanileBaw, the fiwavcuuL Scandal, dwells and flourishes in pfetty j>ro-'; S Awns a*"1 narrow circles, "among the ?SterOTising, the unWedded, and the ckild bere envy, guarded by decorum and i Mintiinff 'atlH 1 atOfinhtlAM laaraa nor pretext for hostility, bat some «?£ tSS,tSSHi!SSSS^t JP"i nnclean spirit, rushes in where cold ex igence has expelled the follies -arid tamed ffin the impulses of youth ; the " houBe" Sds " swept and garnished." Now the T!se8 are even, the tongue filed, the lips well Srilled to smile the lie they date not utter, ambition is quenched, emulation is palsied. Frivy rashes in. And with her several fellow rndean spirits, worse erhn (if possible) than herself* cold scandal fosters cruel sus Virions,' unskilled reproaches, crude sur mises ? their scorpion tongues sting to death the very life of life, and honour, virtue, nobility, even love himself, pale, fade, and wither before their poisonous breaths. (See lake xi.f 24-5-6.) Better interpretation of the parable I know not, though, even with mch powerful aid, I presume not to be able to einaust the theme. The willing recipient of scandal must a vacant mind and a barren. Not merely vacant of ideas at the time, but organically destitute of all our noble springs of thought and of action. To an active mind, ever on the rebound, how poor, how weak an impediment is any misgiving arising merely from the past! Such a mind ever Siges by what is at present seen and own. Napoleon marked Jnnot for pro motion on the day he saw that the young conscript could use his pen at command for dictation, with a drum for a desk, and coolly joke when a shell scattered earth over his page, "I shall not want for sand.'' Junot might have had 50 escapades, or duels-nay, even (oh! shocking) as many amours, madam, as you please-but Napoleon judged by what he saw and heard then and there. The Due d'Abrantes, in after-life, related to lug son, with pardonable complacency, this ptoplasm of the honours and wealth he then enjoyed. The large bustling city is ever croshine down scandal and scandal-mongers; there the merits, the powers, and the ex cellences that. we see ride over all the goeapries that we hear, and the' metro politan visitor to Little Peddlington flutters every tea- tabte by his recitals of the successes and the growing influence of one known formerly to his hearers but as a pickle and a scamp, and whose whimsical freaks live stagnated in the slimy pools of their memories, though long since ob literated from that of the public and lis own. "Ah ! poor fellow ! And is le really now doing well ?' " Yes, Badam; he is making a year, is well married, and spoken of as the future," &c.; '/j1' In-deed! Well! I'm sure / am pad he has reformed feigh). /am the last pereon, goodness knows, to make mischief. But if asked, you know, it will be my duty, towever unpleasant/' &c.-;(Da capo). Yet, since the early scandal, how many nave oeen bom and how many have died, sow many have been married, have toiled and prospered, how many fortunes have famed and lost? Still the early nohc is stereotyped, and the inexorable Jewesses of the temple of scandal cannot, the nought »nf.^u1?1Ter once boldly asserted to every living man carries with him his own special Cain-brand ^ wmettNlamped on his features, B8"?18- Without following my SL,fee-nd closely, I ventu£ to that so many should, in this mwtul? (despite Horace and science) to the the eye, the ear of another Heir own m1? at so thoroughly hag eye tells me the man fflvmLSvS* English complexion, should ®L^r£lrbei by-the 8candal 1 have W E. Tha8 th® tints of an African t anlihrw ?y eye 1)6418 witness to his j S£ie«,duranc?'doea mind misgive I that hi is .enaesdecil^lfn i" Why cannot my own *»dtheir vei^l ueai^n?ss an<* on serenity, ; absolute, without appeal that demand/' ^ ^18 something m this 3bJ"V^is. The evil is too tteoij as if ^ ignored. Paradoxical in it asserts ito aPP.ear t° oar readers, I their iivea j®0'?er m the practice of to "ounded^ our ^3^ we *eel our self-love *h°m mortified, when one even^r rt?en- 40 honour is dis deq^ei,. Sry the ignorant. He may of this 1f ^ ,' ^ow> When, piot)6riir fe? admire had been' fif^teeven ^ Jl°jhfer®vfche/ would SfW' 'Thta'^"owouttBhtandso com ig^fegiasax 8hSlVoTrf± buihalf tt Start and who tt overtake and capture it»" Charile ?*? this hour witoaS P& the,bamster. caHed God to lSSv 8 Coufvfeialer, was YeTa l1B<1,,|le,rof ^ w- Russell. tafafiSfcfattatiefr tW^L1?.cb*w5.rd8 w®re ottered, that no 4 can be eduoecf from the report-of the defence, that no annenlnr address to the 'Eternal was uttered, no posi telTf f of^the counsel's own belief t^s mioffo? It is ati unpardonable breach of eti a c0"nael P° do&0, and the haughty Cresswell, or the minutely severe . and merrf would have been dowTon PKlhpB hke an avalanche had he dared to 811 X &we.; or had h« directly accosed any other person, which, of cdnrse <ttd not occur. In short, the whole story has J>een demonstrated to be apure fictaon-3io\\!? v"T^0f,?nat,ng ?one <»n guess. It is the falsehood that «semg to Constitute her strength. We ask. where could be the source of that which you prove to have no existence» I do not ever die ' scai^^ftl against Phillips wUl I ®nce experienced an amusing proof of the tenacious vitality of a report. Riding home after a month's excursion up country in one of the Australian colonies, I was met by half a dozen ladies, who wheeled round to gat® with wonder. Reining in my horse 1 drew nigh, and-was informed by them, with dilating eyes and glowing cheeks, that I had teen pierced through back and heart by the glaiw spears of the aborigines, and that one of these weapons, entering through the eye, had penetrated to the brain, after which knives were used, &c.; I alighted, walked a few yards, assured them that the black myself were veiy good friends, that I had never been dead, never even been wounded, and was then and there ready to stand any test that I was no ghost, no &aiaovioi;> offoyianw; and, in short, that the whole was a myth. The party walked on. 1 remounted. One tall, .grim, bony old priestess lingered behind. Her uncom promising aspect said plainly-" I am not to «*2?IveA b7 Plausible appearances." Well, said she, aloud-" well, after so muc,J I-an> gla<* you are recovered /" She would die sooner than surrender. Can any phenomenon be cited that is more recurring than the growth of a child to man Hood ? i et daily we express surprise at Tom's stature and muscles (Tom whom yesterday we saw in knickerbockers), as though the growth were exceptional and unprecedented bo the malignity and conceit of too many natures fixes down the scandal too easily credited at first, and ignores the flowing river of time, on whose wavelets borne onwards through increasing civilisation the man may have lived it down. " I was once a tailor-I am not one- now*. I was once a baby-not one now. Was once such and such-am not now." Did I name the son of enterprise whose repartee I am quoting the reader might smile, but I prize the apposite ness rather than the authority of one who proved himself in some respects wiser (though, perhaps, less lucky) than many of the undetected who thank God they are not such as he. Fas est et ah hoste doceri. Let us seize a truth where'er it is found. How curiously puzzling were the question could it ever arise in our courts of law, in some libel case, when does the "was once" end; and when does " is now" begin ? Ought not the statute of limitations to run ? Given that a person of whom you know a bygone scandal is discovered by you to be living in poverty, industry, and respect, earning trust and keeping it, is it not a villanous thing to blurt out your knowledge and destroy his opening prospects ? Is it not a base hypocrisy to do thiB under the mask of "duty" and "conscience?" Is reform as impossible as early growth? I say, out upon this vile despotic stereotyping, this fossilising system. Foreverything whatsoever, thatpossessesany value at all, does so by virtue of that which it shadows forth, or leads to, in the future. Thus, the germ is excellent, because of its hoped-for development; the child is father of the man, &c.; So the rebuke should be awakening; the punishment remedial, the exposure a spur to retrievement. Let the "was once" have its mortal career, then let ltdie, and be for ever buried; let the " is now" arise, if it can; and, if strong enough, let it have fair play to live, to grow, and to prosper. Scandal is superfluous, for we can see and judge for ourselves; the qualities of all things "are known by their effects, and all these effects are subject matter of our common daily experience." So writes the shrewd Yorkshireman Paley. This judging ! by the eye makes women (when unwarped by j scandal) better discerners of character than I men. Indeed, I- often suspect that in the j scandals of the tea-table there lurks in the breasts of the priestesses more of mischief than of credulity. A judgment formed by your own eye is absolute and satisfying it fills and contents the mind-all tnat is now needed is a wise discretion, never to confound the subjective with the objective never to allow your opinion to pass the ipKot o&avTtav.; But the daughter ot scandal is bound to be a tattler; constitutionally rickety, she exacts the deceptive support of numbers. Taken singly, you will always find each and every scandaliser to back out with an emphatic denial that "I never said or thought anything of the sort," kc. After all, scandal is less baneful to a man when he is its object than when he unwit tingly finds himself its recipient. The first you can make false by a prompt reform, and true or false, you can live it down. Fresh eyes daily replace the _ old among your judges. But the second is a real embarrassment. A scandal concerning one whom you esteem rankles in the mind, and, vexing you because it insults your own judgment, connects its object with painful associations and a harass ing suspense., Shun the scandal-monger, for you can get from him nothing save annoy ance, and live among men of intellect -and enterprise; seek out al Iforms ofactive civilisa tion, and train yourself in the habit and discipline of self-relying observation, and of abiding faith in Nature. The eye 6i the jingle-minded, like, that of childhood, often leads Ahe soul beneath every mask, and the .'more independent of scandal, of gossip, and pf rumour, we keep our brains and perceptions the more clear, precise, and trustworthy , will be our discernment, our information, and bur convictions. . ' ? 