A YANKEE GHOST STORY. The Mcrrimacit Valley Visitor says: —in Newburyport we have a schoolhouse that the school committee had been forced to advertise as closed to visitors, because curious crowds waited within and without to see the mysterious form of a ghost boy, who has been trotting round there tor more than a year, seen frequently by the teacher— who is not a spiritualist—and by most of the whole fifty pupils, who are too young (primary scholars) to mystify and deceive the people. The school house is one-story building that would be the last place in town for a spirit from any happy abode to wish to renew its childhood in. There is an entry to the building, where is a flight of stairs to the attic, and a window looking into the school room- The teacher's desk brought her back to that window, where the pupils told her a strange boy was playing his tricks, sometimes putting his head up to the f lass and other times' looking in. hey described him, and when seen he has always been the same in dress and appearance. To verify the statements, she changed her seat to face the window, and by and by the face appeared —Jack Frost upon the window-pane. Not doubting but that it was. really a boy, she took her ruler, an emblem of authority, and made for the entry, and, there she found him standing quietly' in the corners-one of the prettiest feces she had ever seen, with a smileon his beautiful lips and needing a kiss more than a blow. His body, dressed in neat white clothe^ bore the appearance pf wisdom beyond, his. age. She advanced to him, aijd then he dodged to the attic stairs. She followed—is now near enough to take holdoff him —reached for him, but be is not there, He seemed to sink through the stairs, and, where she would grasp his person her hand struck the floor, He was gone. Ijow we have a veritable ghost —what is to bp done? The police thought they could capture, him. They arrested a lad as the author of all this commotion—the town through; and he bad Jlis choice to confess or take his chance fb? the reform pchooL The boy partially confessed $ but he was not punished, because his teacher and all the pupils and his parents knew that he was not the strange boy, that looked in at the window j and the face continued to re-appear when he was sent away. Next a carpeqter was sent to T)ail up the passage to the 8-ttic, but if love Jaughs at locks much more do sts. The little tow head made more noise than before. He turned thejattic into acarpenters'sshop, where he, too, sawed and pounded ana nailed; and, as jf to demonstrate the futility of human -force to shut him out,' he put hit head dowg through the ventilator and took a survey of the school. Some of the children.have been frightened, and one day one-of them feinted; but few oi them are excitedaboutit. TJieleacherhas spoken to him, and he onlj^aughed from his' happy face. The childreg looked £t him, •whom not one of them ever saw before, and he returns ' their glances wiift'love in his soft mild eyes ; but as yet he has not told ns who be' is, whence he came, or what his mission. This comes nearest to a ml ghost— ot anything we bare seen in mis city for years-— Nem York Timet. 