MR. W. FORSTER AT INVERELL. The political campaign may be suid to have fairly commenced in a form that will give some effect to the deliberations of the mem bers when the Assembly meets. Gentlemen are giving expression to their views in difler ent parts of the country from which we may prognosticate a pretty sharp stiuggle when Parliament meets. Mr. \V. Forster has been visiting the Northern districts, and, when at Inverell, he was entertained with a com plimentary dinner on the 2nd iustant at Mather's Hotel. The chair was occupied by C. A. Frazer, Esq., J.P., and the vice-chair by Colin Ross, Esq., J.P. We give the fol lowing from the Inverell Despatch ; — Mr. Drake proposed 'The Parliament of New South Wales, coupled with the name of Mr. William Forster.' The toast was duly honoured. Mr. Forster, in responding, said that il was encouraging to public speakers to hear their names, associated with such a toast, and pub lic speakors like lniu did sometimes require encouragement, and he was emboldened thereby tn enter on unother chiss of subjects. Tho association of his name with the toast imposed upon him the duly of returning thanks for the way in which he had been personally received, and he was happy to respond also for the Parliament of New South Wales, of which he had been a member for a long number of years. He was inclined to think It would favourably compare with other similar bodies, not even excepting the greatest Parliament iu existence, which was that of Great Britain, provided they made due allow ances and took all circumstances into con sideration. He felt that if he had been only a private person tie should not nave nau tne honour accorded to him. His public charac ter had been long before them, and it justified him in believing tbat iu holding to his opinions he hud met with his deserts. With regard to the politics of the country, they naturally expected from him a statement of political affairs ; but they must not expect of him to speak as an authority on the political state of the country. Honestly, he did not care whether he was reported or not, but he would promise them this, that he would speak his mind. He was tolerably well known not to be a friend of the pre sent Government. On that supposition he did not wish to Bay anything offensive, but he intended expressing his opinion of them. He would take it for granted tluit the present festival was a testimony of the public spirit of the district. It might be taken as a test, looking at the state of their roads, that all classes in the country did not differ so much as was generally supposed. They need look back no farther than the French Revolu tion to see that the old noblesse stood their ground until the ground fell from under them. It was the same in America, where a large number of cultivated men had the masses to govern, in their mode of dealing with the interests of the country. Iu this country there was a similar disposition evinced, which ?was rather a discouraging admission to make. Admitting what had been said about the Par liament of the country, he was afraid the as pirations of responsible government had not been fulfilled. Responsible Government was Inaugurated with very enthusiastic hopes — had they been fulfilled ? A Government might either be a machine for political pur poses, or used to educate the nation to a higher mode of thinking. Regarded in either of these aspectB, there are certain practical facts which serve to form a judgment. He would allude to two topics in proof of this. In regard to the practical effect of responsible Government, let them see if such things were accomplished by it or not. They were aware that he (Mr. Forster), had voted for universal suffrage, ac cording a right to vote to all people in the country. It might have been that they did not exactjsuch rules as they ought to have done. (Hear, hear.) They might dispute a number of other points iu the bill. There were many who might think also that education had better have been left to others; but all would agree that the police force had not improved. The expense of the force had been greater, and as for buahranging, in the Braid wood district, all the constables had been shot, a state of things which had never occurred under the old form of Government. The police on the whole had improved, hut there was no reason why they should not have improved under the old system of Government. He would next take the Education Bill, and might say of this that be did not agree in supporting denomi national education, although at the same time he did no wise disparage it, but he thought it would have a better effect, and he attended with \- much leas expense, if they had done away with it altogether. He did not pretend to be such a prophet as to predict that the denomi national system would be done away with altogether ; the law was found to he defective, and the Council was trying to abandon the law. Fur better that the law had not been framed ; or to ask Parliament to change the law. He thought it was a mistake of judgment, and showed the necessity of some change. This arose from establishing the denominational sys tem. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the munici palities, the House hud panned two complicated laws which no one could understand. No important measure of that kind received fair discussion* Now, what are the results of thoj municipalities? Do they enpply the require ments of the country 1 Iu regard to roads and bridges — don't let Inverell people think they aie roar'yrs iu this respect, as it is thu same all over the country — (laughter) — how is it that the roads are in the mate, they are. The true answer is, the municipalities improve little -bits of country, leaving all the other npalpntpfl. T know there are enough tneu cif pmperty in Inverell, not utterly selfish, and why is it we find ptoperty antagonistic to municipalities 1 Why, because the holder.-t find it is not properly dealt with. He was not going to maintain that property should not pay the support of municipalities. But they found property in some cases drawn in and unfairly taxed.' This would not have been the case had the principle he tried to inculcate been carried out, which was this — to divide the colony by Legislative enactment into districts commensurate with its natural boundaries, which each should be compelled to watch over, or else receive no assistance from the country. Every man of property in such a case would feel himself compelled either to take part in the management or else would have to suffer from not doing bo. He intended to have established muaicipalities upon this principle instead of the present, which has proved an utter failure. (Cheers.1) The proposal he made might, perhaps, appear by some to be crude, but the effect would have been this — that they -would have had every police district and half police district, formed into munici palities. Next he would ask them what par ticular benefits had they received from the electoral law? Parramatta and some other similar places had two members, whilst dis tricts double their pize had only one. Was not this one of the things which ought to have been amended by responsible government? iHear.^ For three or four jeais they had been clamouring in this respect, and yet no change had takes place. Although the com mittee, of which he happened to be a member, reported in favour of a change, none occur red. What the Government introduced the Opposition threw out, and vice versa. All this was the result of responsible government. In what way had it developed' moral and in tellectual legislation? He did not think the Legislative Assembly ctuld compare with what it was before. There were Mr. Parkes and Mr. Robertson, and many others, and \rhere were men like them returned in the present House? The young men in the House wore the worst of all. It appealed to him all the young men and all the public men were worse. Whs the public service better? It was oh all sides admitted tbat it was not. There were three times the number of per sons employed than was necessary. The rail way dopurlnient was crammed, which was the effect of responsible governmpnt. The official who had lately been dismissed would never have heen dismissed at all hud he not given evidence showing this to be the case. He should of course bo charged with speaking against the present government, and he would candidly admit that he did not think they were bettor than their predecessors. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps some one might ask why ho did not allow the public the benefit of his pervicss by joining the present Government. It may be he could find reasons of a private character for not doing so. It seemed to him that he could not consistently take service in un administration composed of Sir James Martin nud the Colonial Secretary. He was advised very strongly to join them by a bishop who said there was no doubt they had ex pressed very strong opinions of one another but that they had joined, bslievint- that it would bo advantageous for the country. But he was shocked. The Colonial Secietary had endeavoured to show him that thoy agreed in opinions ; but he could not say how. The fact was, from experience of him in political matters, he could never believe in him. He found how inconsistent he was in free trade — how inconsistent on the municipal question, and be could not agree on the Kiama ghost question. (Laughter.) A colonial secretary who could make such statements as he did on that occasion, without producing one tittle of evidence to support them, was not worthy of confidence. He should not say anything more on this subject. He would honestly say if they could exemplify what they professed to be so anxious to give to the world, he should have been happy to have joined them. He would like to know what could justify such a mixture of offices as they found ? They had partizans singing their praises all over the country. The Colonial Secretary had left a sort of hecatomb of unfulfilled pledges all over the country, and this in a House attended with happy circumstances; when the colony was in a state of prosperity never known be fore, and he found a House the elements of which were never more favourable — not by the action of the present Government, but by the folly of their opponents. Sir James Martin's great opinion of his own power not only left the breach open, but destroyed his prestigo in the House. Under all these favourable circumstances — after all the blow ing of their own trumpets all over the colony — what had the Government done? The first question they attempted to deal with was the Border duties. After a long bungling over this job, they had accomplished a treaty which must inevitably come to an end when the ad valorem duties cease. What was the object of the Conference ? Why, simply that Minis ters were compelled to do something to look pleasant ; but he held that Conferences were absurd in principle. The thing for which they claimed more credit than any other was the theory of internal communication. He was only enumerating opinions now which he had before enumerated. Whatever ideas Goul btirn, Mudgee, and other districts might en tertain upon this subject, it always appeared to him that it was a species of injustice to the coast districts like Illawarra to expend such vast sums in this way. In saying this, he would not have it supposed that he was op posed to railways. On the contrary, if they are to be extended, he should like to know why some great effort was not made tn extend them in a more rapid manner. How long, he would ask them, did they expect it would be before they had a railway to Inverell 1 (A voice : Four years.) Why not then in one year? If they were to follow the plan of America they could have a railway in one year. He was afraid they had no more idea of carrying out a railway to Inverell than ex tending the northern district. Then why were not the roads repaired 1 He did not know whether any person present would agree with indebtedness of the colony. He himself did not believe any colony could be benefited by borrowing money wbich could be done without. But if they must borrow, why. not expend the money on roads and bridges! which would lead to a return «t once, (A. Voice ; Trll us about the land.) Some one asked for ? his views on the land question. Waa there ever heard such a proceeding as a Governor being obliged to tell a lie in promising to in troduce a Lund Bill, and never, doing ho? Was it not highly desirable that the indefinite question (if free selection should be dealt with in a manner for its final settlement? He. ?lid not think pre-Juiptive leases should be left as they were. He had never been opi.nsed to the principle of free selection. (Cheers.) Indeed, his opinion was that free selection should be extended to a much greater length. (Hear, hear.) He did not approve of the condition of residence, and he w«» of opinion that the residence clause should be abolished. It was notorious that there was an immense amount of perjury committed under that clause. On what ground could it be maintained that the residence of a squatter, or a manager of a bank, was more beneficial than that of a labouring man 1 If either of these, or any one, was to put a working man on the (ground to insure residence, the proba bility is the working man would do more good than either ; for, after all, what was the ob ject of residence but the improvement of the ground ? The improvement of the soil was the great principle to be aimed at. Suppose you were to abolish the residence, and allow anyone to free select conditionally upon his putting labour upon the soil. This is the plan he would suggest, and he thought the existing system required alteration. There was one ques tion he was prepared to give the Government credit for, which wasthe|settlementof the super annuation question. It was certainly arranged on a very just principle, and the only fault he found was' that the honest repayment had been made with borrowed capital. He could not see what occasion there was to borrow capital, or. to use a common phrase, to ' Rob Peter to pay Paul.' He did not see the advantage gained by this change in position. There was another question he would allude to — the question of fiuauce. They had got a pledge from the Government that the ad valorem duties should be abolished. For this he though the Opposition was as much to be ex tolled as the Government. He expected that two sessions would not have been suffered to pass over without this promise being fulfilled. But what guarantee had they that it ever would be fulfilled? He only hoped members would continue their opposition until it was. He thought the Upper House had acted right in throwiug out the bill for carrying news papers free. The Government, in a fit of ill temper, introduced a bill to do away with the Upper House. Now, the Legislative Assem bly, he thought, was bound to purge itself before it attempted to improve tho Upper House. If the bill had passed, it would have been passed by a body incompetent to deal with the question. He thought a reform of tho electoral law was highly necessary, and he intended to press this upon the Government next session. He had a pro mise from Mr. Parkes that he would introduce a new electoral law. The Government were, therefore, pledged to a bill which he thought would lead to an early dissolution, and he wns vnrv mnfih nf nuininn that the. countrv would show that it had had enough of the present Government. (Hear, hear.) He might mention that he introduced the measure for the payment of members, which was thrown out by a little technicality. He did expect that it would be productive of good results. It was natural to expect that every country district would prefer being represented by some local man, who could, perhaps, hotter understand their aspirations than others. By paying members a liberal sum, they would very likely be of benefit to the country. With respect to the public schools, he did not wish to suppress the denominational schools, but should like to give them a little time to set their house in order. The present Govern ment, he did not believe, had a system of party tactics different from former Governments, but appeared to have a policy of their own — a policy of postponement or doing as little as possible — a sort of political goose-step. The Mining Bill they introduced was so cumbrous that, as a result, no bill was passed. If he was asked what wag the remedy for all this, he would say put out tho Government. He said this without any wish to fill their places, or a desiro to follow them. Where was the remedy 1 The remedy was in the electors of the country,. The remedy for Inverell was in Inverell. (Cheers.) The electors of In verell and the district must put themselves in a position to elect a better class of men. Whatever he might be urged to say against self-government, he would not be understood as saying get rid of self-government. But he thought self-government bhould commence with themselves. (The lion, gentleman spoke for two hours and twenty minutes, and con cluded with a peroration which was received with prolonged cheers.) 