GSSSftAl. THE PRIVILEGE QUESTION.—The great privilege question which was expected to set both the Houses by the ears, has happily been settled peaceably. The Chief Secretary on Wednesday, submitted to the Assembly the following motions :—That the privileges of this House, in regard to the initiation, custody, and presentation for Her Majesty's assent of Money Bills, are identical with those held and. enjoyed by the House of Commons, and that the Speaker be requested to make arrangements for the due observance on all occasions of such privileges," which was agreed to almost without remark. THE PROPOSED MURRAY RAILWAY.—Meetings have been held at the Meadows and at Strathalbyn respectively to oppose the construction of the projected railway from Adelaide to the Murray. POET DARWIN RAILWAY.—The Chief Secretary moved in the House on Tuesday that it was desirable to introduce a Bill for the formation of a railway to Port Darwin. In explaining the general scope of the Bill he stated that tenders would be invited for the carrying out of the work. The quantity of land to be offered to tenderers he did not specify, but said that it would be less than had boen proposed in the Bill previously submitted to the House. It was proposed to give land in alternate blocks on each side of the line. In disposing of the land, the Bill proposed that gold, and gold only, should be reserved. The tenderers for the construction of the line would be required to deposit £10,000, and the successful tenderer would be required to make a further deposit, making the total amount £30,000. The Bill would contain provisions that the work should be commenced at both ends; that the line should be open within 14 years; that not less than a hundred miles should be completed in a year; and that a train should run from each end at least once a week. The motion, after being discussed, was carried. MUIIDER OF CAPT. WITHECOMBE.—The trial of the men for the murder of Captain Withecombe, took place at the Supreme Court on Thursday. John Adams, 18, and Thomas McLean, 21, were charged as principals in the crime, and W. Edgar, 25, and Benjamin Rebbeck, 22, as accessories. The two latter were found not guilty, and were discliarged ; the former were found guilty, but recommended to mercy. Sentence of death was pasted upon the prisoners. The Judge informed them that the recommendation would be forwarded to the proper authorities. The "Northern Argus" says:—"We have seen several farmers who have just returned from the areas after an unsuccessful search for land, and they inform us that 1,200 or 1,300 persons have lately visited Caltowie, Pekina, and Black Rock Plains. The land for selection at the latter place is utterly worthless, and 60 miles from a market. The Pekina land is very rough and also 60 miles from a market. The Caltowie land is second-class. There is a laTge quantity of really good land whleh has been surveyed, but forsome reason has not been thrown open for selection, which is causing great dissatisfaction and loss of time to parties who are in search of a suitable homestead." The steamer Rangitoto was totally wrecked nn July 30 in Cook's Straits. The vessel kept to close to the Point at the entrance of Queen Charlotte Sound, and struck heavily on a reef crushing in the bottom of the hull. The fires' were immediately extinguished. The after compartment remained till the vessel ran ashore, and fortunately, the weather beinjr fine, all hands were saved. The steamer Rangitoto was insured in local offices for £10,000, and was valued at £18,01)0. The New Zealand House of Representatives has agreed to a three years' contract with Alessrs. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Company for a postal service via the Bluff at an annual subsidy of £5 000. The Government have promised to endeavour to arrange for a mail service between Sydney and Auckland if it can be secured at the same rate of subsidy. The wreck of the steamer Rangitoto has been sold for £465. The vessel is to be raised, and employed in the intercolonial trade. The captain and chief officer of the steamer have been censured and admonished, but have had their certificates returned. The new tariff in New Zealand is considered oppressive, and is being strongly opposed in the provinces. A petition, signed by 3,000 re-idents of Auckland, has been presented against it. A groundless alarm of fire was raised at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, on Saturday evening, and caused a stampede of the audience, but the consternation soon subsided. The Casth'inaiitc. Representative reports occurrence of a very narrow escape. On Tuesday a miner named Halse, who was with anodier man driving at the level, met with severe unjuries, caused by the unexpected explosion of a blast. Two shots had been put in and the fuse lighted in the usual way, the men retiring out of harm's way One shot went off. Deceived by the sound ofasecond explosion caused by another blast in the neighboring " rise," Halse, followed by his mate, proceeded into the drive for the purpose of resuming work, when just as he reached the face, pick in hand, and was stooping to make a blowthe second shot <*xploded in his face, completely destroying one eye, and frightfully burning his face. His companion was not much injured. Mr. Wiltchire has successfully completed his self- imposed task of walking 1,000 miles in 1000 hours at ijhristchurch, New Zealad. About 300 persons assembled on the ground to witness the completion of this feat of human endurance, and one and all were surprised that, considering what he has undergone, the performer should be looking so well. So far from being knocked up, he is able, says the " Lyttelton Times," still to continue walking, and should sufficient inducement offer, will try to add another 500 miles to the 1,000 miles already completed. THE following figures are given from the official summary of agricultural statistics of New Zealand, taken in February last:—Number o^ holdings in the colony oxceeding one acre in ex- ( tent, 15,304; area of land broken up, but no under crop, 120,032^ acres; wheat, 131,797^ acres; estimated to produce 3,188,696 bushels; oats, fcr green food or hay, 25,5154 acres, for grain 96,956i acres—325,10H bushels; grass for hay. 33,588J: acres—41',9:i6| tons; permanent artificial grass (including land in hay), 9!)4,89Cj; acres; potatoes, 12,623 acres— 62,125 tons; in other crops, 19,845 acres ; land ia crop throughout the colony, 1,296,900 acres. 'In all the crops there has been an increase except oats. A man named Leary, with his wife, narrowly escaped suffocation at Geelong on the 18th of July. The weather being damp and cold, they made a charcoal fire in an old nail can, which they placed in their bedroom, after which they closed the door and every aperture so as to keep in the heat. The consequence may be easily imagined. They were both nearly dead when discovered by the other inmates of the house. It appears that Leary was the first to discover the danger they were in by hearing his wife make a peculiar noise as if she were being choked. He had just strength to open the door, and call for assistance, when it was found that his wife was still breathing, but quite unconscious. Drs. Foster Shaw and Day were promptly in attendance, and restored Leary in a short time, but Mrs. Leary remained in a critical state for many hours. The "Telegraph" says:—The years of the grants-in-aid to the Victorian churches are drawing to a close, and churchwardens, committeemen and pew-owners will take a melancholy interest in contemplating the statement the pubiic audi, tors have submitted of the amounts paid to clerical accounts. The Church of England will have to make the most vigorous effort to ieplenuh the loss which is so near at hand, for it received in 1872 the sum £19,957- The Roman Catholics are next, with a total of £12,242. The Presbyterians knocked at the Treasury and obtained £7,158, and the Wesleyans gave a receipt for £5,082. These are all the sects who drew money in thousands of pounds, for the Baptists and the Independents, who would be entitled to heavy grants, are absent from the list, having always stoutly maintained that their duty was to put their hands in their own pockets in lieu of those of the State. The largest individual sufferer by the cessation of the grants will be Bishop Perry, who drew £800 per annum from the fund, and Bishop Goold, whose devotion in framing pastorals for the edification of his flock and the astonishment of the community, has been hitherto rewarded by a salary of £900. Soon the Treasury doors will be shut with a clang, and we may have to say of Bishop and clergy— Some natural tears they dropt, but wiped them soon, The world was all before them. The Baptists and the Independents, who obtain no cheques signed by W. H. Hull, deputy paymaster, yet pay the highest individual salaries of aU. A sad mining accident has occurred, the Melbourne "Argus" says, in the Blucher'g ReefMiue,Maryborough. AminernamedLangie was working in one of the old drives, when suddenly the top cfthe drive gave way, and the falling "debris" partially covered him. On assistance arriving, it was found that the poor fellow's head and the lower part of his legs were free, and that he was able to speak to his mates* They at once proceeded to do all in their power to extricate him from his awkward position, and steps were taken to clear away the dirt; but as fast as it was taken away fresh earth fell, and filled up the breach. About 6 o'clock (the accident took place about 3)Langie, seeing there was no hope,said to his would-be rescuers. "Give my farewell to my wife and children ; I'm going to die." This was the last heard or seen of him, for shortly afterwards a large fall of earth came down, completely covering him." Intanticide must have been carried on to a fearful extent in Sydney. A meeting has been held there for the purpose of establishing a Foundling Hospital. At this meeting a lady stated that she knew of fifteen or sixteen cases, in which young women had come-to Sydney for the birth of their children, and had lodged with a certain woman who nursed them, and dosed their children with laudanum till they died. This murderess got away to California before her crime was discovered by any who were prepared to have her punished. The " Colac Herald" states that a rather curious occurrence took place at Stonyford, on the 14th inst., by which a girl had her throat cut. The difference of an eight of an inch in the cut would have been fatal. The girl said that it had been done accidentally, through larking with a man, who put his arms round her neck, and happening to have a knife in his hand, it accidentally cut her throat. She refused to prosecute. The Maryborough district is acquiring an unenviable notoriety for the frequency of mining accidents in the locality. Within one week no less than three fatal mining accidents have occurred. On the 8th inst, a man named Lange was killed at Blucher's Reef, on the 9th a miner named Bibby met with his death while working in a drive, and now another fatality is reported by the " Advertiser." On Monday morning a lad named Francis Michael Cusack, when descending into the workings of the Seaham Company's claim, Upper Alma, fell from the cage to the bottom of the shaft, a distance of 140 feet, lie was instantaneously killed. The Ballar.it Town Hall has cost £25,980. The sum of £003 was expended upon furniture. Police-Inspector Stephenson, stationed at Forbes, twenty-six hours after receiving information of the murder of two men under a dray, arrested a blackfellow 100 miles from the scene of the crime, riding ahorse belonging to Howell, one of the murdered men. The native made great resistance, and wounded a police officer with a tomahawk. He was tracked all the way from the dray. Rosetta Williams, residing in Swatiston street^ Melbourne, was burned to death the other day, through her clothes taking fire. The unfortunate woman was addicted to drinking. In a case tried at Redruth Court on Friday, August 15, according to the Northern Argus"—" The defendant, a man of colonr, after pleading the general irsue, stated that he disputed the demand when it was first made by plaintiff, the goods having been supplied to an aboriginal black woman, who gav the goods to ner countrymen and women. He never had the goods nor authorised the lubra to get them, the or any other person whatever^ The defendant on being asked whether he would be sworn on the Koran or the Knglish Bible said the latter would do, and immediately attempted to put it in his eye, then up his nose, and eventually in his mouth, which is no doubt the mode of taking an oath in the country that gave birth to that' heathen Chinee.' The Court gave judgment for the plaintiff." Says the" Wagga Wagga Express .-—"Some young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock, attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening timorous passers-by. HJ possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, he waited behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robinson's residence and the Public School the approach of some one upon whom to practice the effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortunately for him these shortly appeared iu the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was sufficiently self- possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshy origin by declining to come too near, as the damsid's system of £ laying* spirits was not to his taste. If the ' ghost' makes a re- appearance, and there be a particularly muddy hole in the vicinity, probably some one will see the advisableness of mixing such spirits with s little water. A cold bath, and supple switch to restore the circulation afterwards, arc capital conjunctive remedies for such freaks as these, of which the results might be very serious to a timid female." 