THE STORY-TELLER, RALPH DAYNER'S DOOM. By W. W. FENN. (From an English Magazine.) If travellers see strange things, so do artists, at least landscape painters do, for they are travellers as well; and in pursuit of their vocation visit so many remote places, and come in contact with so many different sorts of people, that they ought to be good story-tellers. The rural and seafaring populations, with whom of ne cessity they have to mingle, offer many curious studies of character ; and the sketcher from nature, who chances to be a writer also, may pick up amongst them incidents and stories by the score. I have come across many, but the brush has claimed so much of my time, that, like most of my craft, I have had but very little inclination to give any to the pen. However, within the last week some circumstances have occurred under my very eyes of so tragic a nature, and asso ciated with so terrible a story, that I am tempted, before I leave the spot, to utilise the long evenings now setting in by writ ing down the facts as they have come to my knowledge. I am staying at a little public house called the Pilot, the only hostelry in the small village of Pitsdean, situated at the foot of that enormous range of chalk which, at its highest point, is marked ppeharts of the South coast as Shin lead. The scant population is com ssed of a few fishermen, farm labourers, Cnd some lime-burners—these latter being fthe most numerous, for lime-burning is 'carried on extensively in the district, and where the chalk begins to rise from the flatter country by the beach the kilns abound. Odd gaps and roads wind down to them through the upheaved soil and fantastic masses of landslip, rendered more fantastic by the cuttings, excava tions, and blastings constantly going on. Little green plateaus jut out here and there halfway down some of the taller cliffs; and notably there is one which, overhanging a kiln on one side, and cut off Oh the other side by a rising precipice of- chalk, is accessible only by a narrow winding path descending from the upper heights. J This, together with the range of white cliffs, very varied in form, and rising in jronae places to hundreds of feet; the jurning limekiln with its film of smoke, >y$ts dark cavernous furnace, its adjacent /•'stack of dried gorse for fuel; the carts .and horses going to and fro down the road to the beach, and across the fcto the little craft that has put in at ide, and is now at the ebb left ' i to receive her cargo of lime f the moving figures and some Tmade up a bit of coast scenery tempted me to submit for a week frso to the limited accommodation offered by the Pilot. I had marked down the scene during a long walk, and had deter mined to take up my quarters at the rough inn for the purpose, of painting it. So, six days ago I came over, bag and baggage, from Helmstone, the watering place where I was staying, and set to work betimes the next morning. The autumnal weather was beautiful, and the effect just what I wanted ; but the little craft was absent, and as she formed a conspicuous item in the picture, I grew anxious for her appearance as the tide came in. When it was at its highest, however, she slowly rounded the head land, and dropped anchor in her old berth, a little before noon. I knew that by the time the men had had their dinner she would be lying high and dry, and tak ing in her cargo, in the usual picturesque fashion. Hesting for a while, I strolled to the beach to get a closer look at her. She was rough and tub-like, as might be ex pected, remembering her trade, cutter rigged, and of from fifteen to twenty tons burden. There was a deck, and cabin hatchway forward, an open hole, and the yellow letters on her black stern an nounced that she was the Betsy of Helm stone, and that Ralph Dayner was her master. The sea was calm, but there was just enough ripple breaking on the shore to prevent the purport of some very high words issuing from the tiny cabin being heard. Nevertheless, I could make out enough to understand that there was a man abusing and bullying a woman. Once there was something very like a scream, but soon all was silent, and pre sently a sailor emerged from the hatch way. Calling to a boy, apparently asleep in the hold, the two got into the little boat which the cutter had in tow, and pulled ashore. Then they hauled it up on to the beach, and I saw that the man was a huge broad- shouldered, bull-necked, ill-looking fellow. As he walked away towards the kilns, exchanging a few rough words with the men at work there, and disappeared up the road leading to the village, I thought I had never seen a worse specimen of his class. Sitting down again to my easel, I be came much absorbed, and as the dinner hour left the spot quite deserted, I re mained for a long time free from the in terruption of any of those on-lookers who are always more or less attracted by the sight of an artist sketching. Practice has made me generally indifferent to these molestations, and so, when after a while I was conscious that some one was standing near me, I at first paid little heed to the fact. But when for a moment I chanced to tnrn my head, I was rather startled by the sullen and forbidding aspect of the in dividual at my elbow. He was a tall, thin, pale-faced man of about forty, with shaggy iron-grey beard, and matted hair. Dressed in a besmirched and seedy suit of black, and wearing an old chimney- pot hat, he looked very different from any of my usual audience; but it was not so much this which disturbed me as his un pleasant Btare—a stare bent upon me, be it remarked, and not upon my picture. I could see out of the corner of my eye that he was not regarding what I was doing at all. He had Mb back turned too much towards the easel for that, and each time that I glanced up at him, and our eyes met, I encountered a dark sinister scowl. I tried, however, to ignore his presence, although I confess it affected me disagree ably. By degrees, too, I had a sensation that he was trying to get nearer to me without my knowing it, and I became sure of this at last, as I furtively watched his feet. They were certainly creeping as it were towards me, and, without taking a stride, he had got much closer to me than he was when I first noticed him. He was now not above a yard from where I Bat, and so I looked up at him at last pointblank. He winced a little under my steady glance, dropped his wild eyes for a moment, and moved slowly round to the other side. Again I tried to go on with my work and to forget him. In a more solitary place I should have felt rather uneasy ; nay, was I not really feeling so now 1—for here, at this hour, with the coast utterly deserted, I was as much j alone as I well could be. I did not know what to xnake of the fellow. Did he want to attack and rob me 1 He hardly looked like a pickpocket; but yet I could not doubt from his strange behaviour that he had some sinister in tention. Resolving thus much in my mind, and seeing that lie was again creeping in his catlike stealthy way towards me, and this time, as it seemed, trying to get behind me, I stood up suddenly, and facing him, said angrily, " What do you mean by this dodging about 1 If you want to see what I am doing, look at it and be off." I had pitched my easel in such a posi , tion as to make it impossible for anybody to get to my rear without passing very close in front of me first; for I was about half way up the cliff road, just at one of I ' its zigzag bends, with a steep slope down ; to the beach on the left hand, and on the right a sheer wall of rising chalk. In i stead of answering me, the fellow burst into a low impertinent laugh, and, slip ping between the easel ajid the edge of i the cliff, was behind me in a moment. Turning almost as rapidly, however, I ' was again face to face with him ; and now there was barely a foot's space between us. He appeared scarcely prepared for this movement, and again winced perceptibly under my steady gaze. His long bony fingers, which were lemarkably claw-like in their action and form, twitched ner I rously at his beard, his laugh ceased, his j eyes dropped, and he shrank back as if he thought I was going to strike him, much ! as a fierce dog that had met his master might have done. Before I had time to | speak, he shyly and awkwardly, but with some politeness, raised his hat, saying in i a soft gentle voice, " I beg your pardon, ! I thought I knew you ; I am sorry to have disturbed you, and I wish you good morn ing." Then, again slipping by me, he walked away down the road to the beach, occasionally looking back furtively over his shoulder in my direction. He passed close to the cutter, finally disappearing round some jutting rocks, with his head bent towards the ground, apparently deeply absorbed, and noticing nothing around him. Right glad was I to see his back, for I had never been so much put out in my life by the impertinence of an elder ; and the strange conduct and appearance of this man set me wondering who he could be. But the interest in my work once revived, he vanished for a time from my mind. Only when the short twilight drove me to my solitary chop in the par lour of the little inn did I think of him again, or make any enquiries. No, the landlord didn't know nothin' at all about such a customer ; he harn't never seen his like up that way ; no, nor no more had the one or two natives who were by this time dropping in for their evening smoke and glass. I have said that the Pilot's accommodation is limited, and, be yond my snug clean little bedroom, my privacy does not go. This Is no hard- ! ship, however, for I have always been j used to roughing it and there is nothing objectionable to me in occasionally min gling with the homely frequenters of a village alehouse. Thus I smoked my pipe, and listened to or chatted with the few customers as they came in from time to time. Several of them had seen me at work during the day, but, of course, as it was whilst they were absent that my strange visitor had appeared, and as they knew nothing of him otherwise, they could give no information. At a table in the farthest corner of the room—which was fairly spacious consider ing the size of the house—in company with two workmen from the lime-kilns, j sat the ill-looking fellow whom I had | seen come ashore from the cutter. As it was getting late I was surprised to see him there, and asked of a fisherman close beside me how it was this man had not gone off with his craft and her cargo before it got dark. " O," said the man, in an undertone, " he bee's a proper radical sort o' chap that Ralph Dayner; there's never no knowin' what he'll be up to ! Somewhiles he'll go hisself right enough, and some whiles he'll just leave it to his lad and his missus, and go off on the drink for a week or two at a time, and I reckon that's what he's up to now ! I reckon the boy and one of our men 'nil take the Betsy round to Holmstone to-night better than he would hisself ; and his missus won't be none the worse for it neither ; a proper radical he bee's to her too somewhiles sure-ly!" " 111 uses her 1" I suggested. " Yes, I reckon he does," went on the man; " and she be a poor sad sort of creetur too, kind o' cracky they do say somewhiles. Harmless eno', yon know, sir, but a little weak in her head like, and that makes it all the worse for her, don't you see 1" Of course I could see plainly enough, and of course I could now understand the sounds I had heard from on board the cutter in the morning. Our farther talk was here interrupted by the sound of wheels stopping at the door of the inn, followed by the hurried entrance of two strangers. One was a strong broad-shouldered man, in appear ance rather like an upper groom out of livery; the other, also tall and strong, looked like a doctor. He said abruptly, "Do any of you here happen to have seen wandering about over the downs and cliffs to-day a tall, thin, palefaced man, with a beard, dressed in black, and wear ing a high hat ?" I instantly replied that certainly I had seen a person answering this description, and I briefly told the gentleman under what circumstances. " That's he," he replied, " without doubt. Now, look here," he added, ad dressing the company generally, who were of course all attention, " he is a madman, and this morning he escaped from the asylum at Helmstone. Now, I offer five pounds reward to any one who shall be the means of helping us to secure him. Depend upon it, he is not far off, but as it is dark, I am afraid we may not be able to find him till the morning. Still, if any of you who know the country well will guide me and my man, we will go and do what we can. He'll be stowing himself away under some barn or hayrick, or down on the shore somewhere perhaps. Can you let us have a lantern or two, landlord V' Naturally, the whole roomful was astir by this time. Every one volunteered his services, and a couple of lanterns being produced, and a move made towards the door, the doctor paused as he reached it, and said, " Now, steady ; I must warn you of one thing, he is very dangerous— what we call a homicidal mania—that is to say he will try to murder, try to stran gle, anybody he gets hold of who shows the slightest fear of him. He has already killed a man in his madness, that is why he has been sbut up. But if yon face him boldly, look straight into his eyes, and show that you are not afraid of him, you will have no more difficulty in dealing with liim than you would with one of the sheep on these hills ; but if he sees you KVirink from him for an instant, he'll have his fingers in your neckcloth before you you know where you are, and, slight as he is, he is as strong as a lion." I need not say what flashed through my mind at this moment, or how thankful I felt for the escape I had had. Among the six or eight eager listening faces turned towards the doctor whilst he spoke there was only one that grew pale ; the tallest and biggest man in the room was the only one who showed the slightest sign of cow ardice. This was Ralph Dayner, the owner of the cutter, who, at the conclu sion of the doctor's words, drew back, un perceived by everybody but me, to the corner where he had been sitting, and, with something that was very like a shudder, sank moodily into his chair, and took a deep draught of the liquor in front of him. I was the last to leave the room as the little crowd went forth into the night; and I left him still sitting there. Having, by the aid of a lantern, con ducted the doctor to the spot where I had been sketching, and pointed out the way the man had taken when he left me, I re turned to the inn, having no mind to as sist further in the exciting search. Dayner had not moved from his corner in the j parlour when I peeped in, and 1 went to | bed full of uncomfortable reflections upon | the escape I had had from the clutch of those long bony fingers. Had not some thing urged me to assume an angry domi nant tone towards the unfortunate mad man as promptly as I did, there is no doubt lie would have wreaked his homi cidal propensities upon me. He would have crept to within a springing distance, and then, like a wild beast, would have strangled me, or thrown me over the cliff. As it was, finding me prepared and reso lute, he suddenly assumed the fawning tone and hypocritical manner which I have understood to be part of the cun ning displayed by those afflicted with this direst of diseases. With no small regret I learned next morning that the search proved frnitless, and that the lunatic was still at large. It was very much like hearing that a man-eating tiger was prowling about the neighbourhood, and I confessed to having hesitated about going on with my work. Yet I could not well afford to lose a day, and as I had shown myself master of the situation once, I would rely on doing so again. Therefore, keeping a sharp look out, it was not long ere I was ensconced in my old position, and fully engrossed with my sketch. As luck would have it, the spot was unusually quiet to-day. The kilns, though still burning, were not being fed ; the Betsey did not coine round from Helmstone ; and with the exception now and then of two or three natives loafing about, on the watch, as they said, "for that theer cracky chap, as nobody 'cept the gentleman a-draftin' had clapped eyes on," I had the cliffs and the road all to myself, just at the very time when I could have cheerfully submitted to a little company. Late in the afternoon the* doctor and his man, both looking weary and travel stained from their want of rest and long tramp, paid me a short visit. Their scouts, they said, had failed to find any trace of the fugitive. Indeed I believe the doctor was inclined to doubt the state ment I had made, for he cross-examined me again and again upon the whole mat ter. An hour or more passed ; the beach, as far as the eye could stretch, was quite deserted, as also were the tops of the cliffs, along which, from my position, I could see some way. The sun was declin ing, the thin film of blue smoke from the lime- kiln rose prettily across the little green plateau before mentioned, and the whole effect at this time was one of per fect calm and peace, but also one of in tense loneliness. At last, however, this was rudely broken by the appearance of Ralph Dayner coming down the road. He was far from sober, and lurched and staggered in his gait. He stopped now and then, and appeared to be looking va cantly abont seawards for his vessel. As he neared me he said sulkily, " D'ye appen t' ha' seen that theer boat o' mine ?" " Not since yesterday," I replied very sharply. " Not since yesterday 1" he repeated moodily, first turning his bloodshot eyes upon me and then towards the spot where she had been lying. " What d'ye mean by yesterday ? What's yesterday ? It warn't yesterday I brought her round, was it 1 No, couldn't lva' been," Tie con tinued to mutter; " 'twas s-mornin'. Where the blazes is she gone V' And then he staggered a pace or two further down the road, stopped, came back, scowled at me, muttered another oath, and retreated by the way he had come. I had watched him reach the second bend in the road above me, when I saw him suddenly give a start—much as if he had seen a ghost—and set off Tunning with all his might. Wondering what could have produced such unlooked-for agility in a man of his bulk, I beheld, at about twenty yards from him, a tall dark figure emerging stealthily from out of one of the many cuttings or chalk-pits by the side of the road. I immediately recog nised the madman. He was without his hat, and was stooping, or crouching, as it seemed at first, but as Dayner took to his heels, he presently set off running after him. I stood up to my easel and shouted, had a whistle with me, and blew it with all my might—did everything I could to raise an alarm. For a moment a turn in the road hid alike pursuer and pursued from ray view, but presently they both stood out clear against the evening sky, upon the top of the nearest high cliff. The pace at which the heavier man moved was extraordinary. Fear seemed to have lent him wings ; nevertheless the other was steadily gaining on him ; and for an instant it looked as if they might encoun ter at the cliff-edge, for they were run ningstraight towards it. Whilst I trembled at the thought of what then would follow, for I could imagine that in his blind terror Dayner did not know in which direction he was running, he turned nimbly and doubled back like a hare, but again feel ing himself overtaken, hearing, doubtless, the quick breathing of his pursuer almost in his ear (for the latter, with outstretched arm, seemed about to have him in his grip), the terrified fugitive took suddenly to the little winding path that led from the upper height down to the green pla teau overhanging the lime-kiln. The remnant of his wits fairly scared out of he probably hardly saw whither he was going, or he would have remem bered that, as from here there was no escape, a struggle for life would surely ensue. Reaching the grass, Dayner made for the ledge above the kiln, and this brought him to within fifty yards of where I was standing. I could see the terror in his white bloated face, and as his bewildered gaze fell upon the yawning red- hot pit of burning lime beneath him, and he knew that he was caged, he threw up his arms with a shriek, and turning round, en countered the maniac face to face. They closed in an instant; the fatal grip was already 011 Dayner's throat. Despite every effort, he failed to shake it off, or even to relax it in the least, but his enor mous strength enabled liim to lift his antagonist off the ground as if he had been a child. As he did so, they fell, but Dayner downwards; and for several moments they were rolling in a huddled heap to gether, the thin sinewy form of the mad man clinging to and entwining the other's bulky frame as a serpent might coil round an elephant. Dayner struggled to his feet again, and in the wild whirl which followed, I saw from the deepening colour of his face that those terrible lingers must be tightening their hold. It was a fearful spectacle ! Hither and thither for a few moments more, upon that narrow ledge of turf, the two bodies swayed, now going with a heave thud against the wall of chalk on the one side, and then staggering perilously near the sheer downward cliff above a kiln on the other. Twice again they fell, and twice again Dayner got to his feet. He was now tearing at the madman's beard and hair, and dealing smashing blows with his huge lists at the face of his foe ; but the grip evidently never for an instant les sened ; it was steadily doing its fatal work. All of a sudden the big man's strength seemed to fail him entirely. Once more the two dropped t^> tbe ground, this time so close to the edge of the plateau that in another instant, before I could well rea lise the horror of the event, they had rolled, locked in their deadly embrace, into the fiery depths of the lime kiln be low ! An inquest on the unrecognisable charred remains of the two miserable men has brought out the terrible sequel to this tale of brutality and madness. That afternoon, whilst the whole village was in commotion at the news, there arrived two policemen from Helmstone asking for Ralph Dayner. It appeared that the lad who helped him to sail his craft, finding his master did not return in time to 'save the daylight on the previous evening, got one of the boatmen from the beach to aid him in taking her back to the neighbour ing port; as he had had to do on many other occasions when, as my fisherman friend had suggested, the burly ruffian had taken to a drinking bout. The man and the boy got into Helmstone (that place not being above an hour's sail off) just at nightfall; but on their way, not hearing anything of Mrs. Dayner, they looked into the little fore-cabin, and, to their dismay, found the poor woman bleeding and almost senseless. She faintly told them that her husband had struck her a tremendous blow just before he left his boat in the morning ; and they had hardly got her on shore when she died from the effects. A dreadful retribution had overtaken her murderer, and I had witnessed it, as also had many others; for besides being attracted to the spot by my shouts and whistlings, some of the natives of Pitsdean had caught sight of the begin ning of that chase for life, and of course had followed it up. But, from a strange coincidence, accident, or whatever it may have been, the instrument selected by Fate to deal this act of retributive justice turned out to have been a fearfully fitting one—the miserable maniac being none other than the brother of Mrs. Dayner. The taint of madness was in the family, and once, long ago, it was proved he had attacked her husband, after some high words between them, and nearly strangled him. This was the first sign of this homi cidal mania which, early leading to one murder, as the doctor had stated, ter minated in the catastrophe I beheld. This accounted for Dayner's behaviour when he first heard of the lunatic being at large, and the abject terror he dis played on seeing him suddenly emerge from the chalk-pit. His nerves, shat tered by his dissolute life doubtless, the recollection of those terrible fingers which had once already been at his throat, scared his wits utterly, and led to his seeking safety in flight; the one course of all others the most fatal to have adopted in the presence of such a mad man. I doubt if I shall ever have the heart to finish my sketch. I fear I can never look upon its lines without seeing that awful death-struggle still going on upon the little green plateau which is so promi nent a feature in the subject. At present the canvas stands with its face to the wall; and everything concerning the tra gedy being now over, and my presence of no further use, I think the wisest thing I can do is to pack up and quit the Pilot to morrow morning, endeavouring as far as 1 possible to forget my visit to Pitsdean, and all connected with it. 