""'A.' SKELETON MAN." "to. John EC. Salter, of Trellcshunt D'Ariy sends to tiie Lancet an account of the "Skeleton Man" now trave.ling^the coniitiy witli an intiuenmt .showman and exhibited to the vjflgar' gaze ait ,twopence a head. "I was urgently requested (says Mr Saltcr) to ascertain if there could be auy imposture, and I did so, fully anticipating ' that my visit: "would end as euch -visits are likely to do, in ,disappoint-, ment , " .and disgust. , However, 1" found eveiy means offered ine to make a ininuie inspedion, and, indeed, I was invited by' those wlo had charge of wm to do niy rcry worat," I subjoin briefly, the result of. my invcstigaiion :—Jlobert T—— , tlnrty-two ycurs, bright 4ft JSin, weigbt -^&lb;,, was l>orn of healiby parents of tlie labduringclsss, in .the palish of -Morch_ Cambridgeshire. -- His .father is deadj Succumbing . to the effects ' of advanced - agej jivs motherie .living, and also two sisterE, wbo; cjie iifsaltiiy, married, and well .grown.. He describes bimself, ajid is desclibcd by those . with whom be h^s' lived for a period of ten years, as Leiug quite. healthy, at.d, except in appearance, to be coijEtituted much the enme as -other., mortals. . Iixappeanuice9, Siow cver, be is actually and pc&iuvdy; ,-uhat be ij ireprcsPnf-ed to be—Tfi, * a skeleton man,' and from birtb he lias bad the peculiarconformation, whieli I fun jabout-to describe.-. At flr^t-sight—^wliendive&ted; of tlie coverings .of his inqns ^iid legs whicb ate simply boueSi jabnornialiy -email, slightly. coyer&d;' with rudimentajy musdes, • so minute that they ^nwith difficulty beseen and felt, b'lowaskin of thin, and shining wtiteness, wiihout a. vestige,of sub- ; cutaneous fat; exhibiting a head somewhat large; and face, skeletonized in like niuiner, with, a inoutb, full.of somewhat prpminent teetli, and lips -that do. not meet j eyes, blue, goggled,' cod­,' that rolled about in sockets denuded, of lashes j the skin, of the •cheeks stretched tightly-over;their projections of bone, -and-ihe cliin and lower, part of .the face wrinkled and wiaen—lie certainly wears a supernatural, ghost-like, uncomfortable sppcarancc, which, •R-ben exhibited suddenly to tbe heightened imagination of the inquisitive, I can quite believe has, to « c s p nse the words of the exhibitor, ' caused strong men to liiint in all dircclions.* However, "this ghoullike mortal' ails nothing. ' He lias ..been vith his present master ten years ; lie eats, drinks, smokes, sleeps, takes arrrise, and sbows_fits of temper and very similar to exhibitions oflhesauie description in waywond, spoiled children- lie . is said to have never bad a^ day'a. illness in bis life; to .not 'particularly susceptible - of cold- to -be - capable of drinking alcoho&c; driuks -in somea-faiit arge quantities; and the only- faculties which • appeartb be defectivea-re his bearing andliia speech, the bitter of which is expressed in sepulchral ton<^ and in a jerkj manner. - He lias a capital memory ; is particuariy fond of diOdrvn, jewellery, and pictures ;&nd; is of asomewbat restless tum ofinind aud bqdy. He does not like to be thwarted, and at -these times eiliibits fits of temper ffld violence quite inconsistent wi^i -hi6 -apparent -strength- < \- Ke tan walk a. mile or two at a stretch; when burried, he .'trots rather than runs,* though he hasbeen known-to scramble through and win a-race of a hnndred' yards. • He shalces bands strongly and heartily, his grip being that of a grown man, wiihout apparent effort.-'- His breathing is normal. He is not' a scholar,' buthis intelligence is quick und keen for his station and opportunities. He URS a good liead of brown straight,- fine hair ; rudimentary eyebrows'? no- laches ^ IW hair elsewhere over his body. His joints -are large, and so is his abdomen. His chest is of fair eize. Minutely -—lijfi licud is capacions, well -ticvelojjetl be/bro and behind; forehead somewhat low. The circumferential measurement takeu round the centre of the forehead is 20 J inches; length from roots of hair to point of chin, 5 inches. His-ears are round, prominent, and without lobes; liis eyes aw full and blue, and tbc fyelide have no; lashes. His nose is very"" poiiited and Fmall, -with the bridge defective and indented,'fostol* -His mouth is large; his iips are thin and widely sepcrate; teeth even, strong, regular," abundant, aid prelecting, not indented. 1 He semS .to have a perpetual and ghastly grin;-a veritable tec simile of Victor Hugo's " L'licmuie qui" Eit." iHis voico is hollow and strong, the sound proceeding chiefly from the chest His eight lis tolerably, good. -.Bis jnoyrmente are quick and active, and he is capable of moving heavy weights. His neck, which, torhim is somewhat fleshy, measures 115 inches, in circumference. Bound the chest he is 27 inches; itis much -conifcracted, and free from any muscular derelopmcuts whatever. There is a snwJl quantity of subcutane- OUB fat .about the regions of the chest, backh and abdomen. The darides are pwcli bent. . Tbe lungs are healthy and tlie respiration is normal. Tbe heart-sounds are. vigorous aud evan; the |iulsa at' the wrist , is.feeble ; ,tbe;,veins ere la-i^- .He measures round the laige ribs 27; inches., .His back is slightly grounded. , AJ1. bis joinU,are Jarge and eomcjri at stiffened and there areexcoriatious, the j^nliaof &ioiiMi.;,jllis.aj7nsmea£ure rou.nd.tbe prominence of the deltoid, 6i in right. -ijrleftj-round the middle of the biceps 4i>igbt, ^i ieft, Tlie ontlincSidf tliese muscles are obserreable. . Round die ebloww hefc fiiin, but barely threc incbeis round the -wrists.: A! .ring with/an- aperture -meosnring • :ex- .acUy balf fan inch (?) across wiU fall from his wrist wheu hiing there- Hw upper ann is lOin long, measured Jrom - the point .^f.tiie, shoulaer to . (lie lower end of Jhelumems ; hislowpr pjmjs 7m to the -wrist joint; 2in from wnstyotnt:jto pouit fit knuckles iSinfonn knuckles tojend of «ng.finger; nails strong and filbert sibaped./ 'Pptharms are.eontracted at dbow joints, wbiish-saem, jhbe;thpse.of the bands,-feet.-«na ^ocea, to tespartly andhylosed. Be measures lajtn round the thickest part of bis fiiigh, 8Hn above -the, fcnoe, 6in below, «md 4in sound the ancle. .Pis feet axe very arched, with rudimentary!***, safiened joints, and veiy pomtefi beds 53iev aro Sin in length., Tbe main poims of physiological interest appeartome to be, hnwthis taaa cati use so much effort with so little muscular developmejit; andwlxyhistissuesarejuot.nourished tb a J OTeater' extent'by the *roantity of food consunied, which goes through "the prooesa of digestion -with apparent 'ease. and is sufficient for tlie wants or TOy ordinaiy "man- T5mre hasbaexuio alterationui weight for tenyears?* • • " • • 