The Place of Mind in Nature and Intuition in Man.-A Lecture. (From the Contemporary Review.) JAMES MARTINEAU. THAT the universe we see around us was not always there, is so little disparted, that every philosophy and every faith undertakes to tell how it come to be. They all assume, as the theatre of their problem, the field of space where all objects lie, and the track of time where events bare reached the Now. But into these they carry, to aid them in representing the origin of things, such interpreting conceptions as may be most familiar to the knowledge or fancy of their age; first, the fiat of Almighty Will, which bade the void be filed, so that the light kindled, and the waters swayed, and the earth stood fast beneath the vault of sky ; next, when the sway of poetry and form had yielded to the inrentive arts, the idea of a conrtiving and adaptiong power, build ing and balancing the worlds to go smoothly and keep time together, and stocking them with self-moving and sensitive machines; and now, sisnce physiology has got to the front, the analogy of the seed or germ, in itself the least of things, yet so prolific that, with history long enough, it will be as spawn upon the waters, and fill every waste with the creatures as they are. The preva lence of this newest metaphor betrays itself in the cur runt language of science ; we now " unfold" what we used to ' take to pieces:" we "develope" the theory which we used to 'construct ;" we treat the system of the world as an "organism" rather than a "mechanism;" we search each of its members to see, not what it is for, but what it is from ; and the doctrine of Evolution only applies the image of indefinite growth of the greater out of the less, till from some datum invisible to the microscope arises a teeming universe. In dealing with these three conceptions,—of Creation, Construction, Evolution,— there is one thing on which religion insists-- viz., that Mind is first, and rules for ever ; and whatever the process be, is its process, moving towards congenial ends. Let this be granted, and it matters not by what path of Method the Divine Thought advances, or how long it is upon the road. Whether it flashes into realisation, like lightning out of night; or fabricates, like a Demiurge, through a producing season, and then beholds the perfect work ; or is for ever think ing into life the thoughts of beauty and the love of good; whether it caus Ha materials out of nothing, or finds theiu ready, aud disposes uf tueiu from witliout; or throws them around ;is its own manifestation, and fn>m within shapes Ha own purpose Into blossom,—makes no difference that can be fatal St hnman iissty. Time oonnts for nothing with the Eternal; and though it ahooJd appear thiit the system of the world and the ranks of being arose, not by a start of crystallisation, but, like the grass or the forest, by silent and seasonal gradations, as true a worship may be paid to the Indwelling God who makes matter itself transparent with spiritual meanings, aud breathes before us hi the pulses of nature, aud a]> peala to us in the sorrows of men, as to the pre-existing Deity who, from an infinite loneliness, suddenly became the Maker of all Nay, if tbe post always looks upon the world through a suppliant eye, craving to meet Ids own ideal and commune with it alive ; if prayer is ever a " feeling after Him to find Him," the fervor and the joy of both must be best sustained, if they are conscious not only of the stUlnesM of His presence, but of the move ment of His thought, and never quit the date of His creative momenta. In the idea, therefore, of a gradual nnfohliiig of the creative plan, and the maturing of H by rides of growth, there is nothing necessarily prejudicial to piety ; and so long as the Divine Mind is left in undis turbed supremacy, as the living All in ail, the belief may even foster a larger, calmer, tenderer devotion, than the conception* which it supersedes. But it is liable to a special illusion, which the others by their coarsely sepa rating lines manage to escape. Taking all tbe causation of the world into the interior, instead of setting it to operate from withoat, it seems to dispense with God, and to lodge the power of indefinite development in the first seeds of things : and the apprehension seizes us, that as the oak will raise itself when the acorn and the elements are given, so froia its germs might the universe emerge, though nothing Divine were there. The seeds no donbt were on the field; but who can say whether ever " a Sower went forth to sow V 80 long as yon plant the Supreme Cause at a distance from His own effects, and assign to him a spaee or a time where nothing else can be, the conception of that separate and solitary existence, however barren, is secure. But in proportion as you think of Him as never in an empty field, waiting for a future beginning of activity, aa yon let Him mingle with the elements aud luleud with the natural life of things, there is a seeming danger lest His light should disappear behind the opnqne material veil, and His Spirt be r -itched am ill the shadows of inexorable Law. This iger liaunts oar time The doctrine of Evolution, setting itself to allow how the greatest things may be brought out of the least, fills us with fear whether per haps Mind may not he last instead of first, the hatched and full- fledged form uf the pnitoplasuie egg : whether at t)ie outset anything was there bat the raw PKUanmita of matter and force ; whetlier the hierarchy of organised beings is not due to ltrogressive differentiation of struc ture, and resolvable into splitting and agglutination of cells; whether the Intellect of man is more than Mind instinct grown self-conscious, and shaping its beliefs by defining its own shadows: whether tlie Moral sense is not simply a trained acceptance of rides worked out by human interests, an inherited record of the utilities; so that Design in Nature, Security in the Intuitions of Keason, Divine Obligation in the law of Conscience, may all be an illnsory semblance, a glory from the later aud ideal sunset flings its light across the sky, and, as it sinks, dresses up the East again with borrowed splendor. This doubt which besets the whole intellectual religion of our time, assumes that we must measure every nature in its beginnings ; admit nothing to belong to its essence except what is found in it then ; amd deny its reports of itself, so far as they depart from that original standard. It takes two forms, according as the doctrine of Evolution is applied to Man himself, or to the outward universe. In the former case, it infuses distrust into our self-know ledge, weakens our subjective religion or native faith in the intuitions of thought and conscience, and tempts as to imagine that the higher they are, the further are they from any assured solidity of base. In the latter case, it weakens our objective religion, suggests that there is no originating Mind, and that the divine look of the world is but the latest phase of its finished surface, in stead of the incandescence of its inmost heart. Let as first glance at the theory of human evolution, and the moral illusions it is apt to foster. I. Under the name of the " Experience Philosophy," this theory has long been applied to the mind of the individual ; and has produced not a few admirable analyses of the formation of language and the tissue of thought; nor is there any legitimate objection to it, except so far as its simplifications are overstrained and cannot be made good. It undertakes, with a minimnm of initial capacity, to account for the maximum of hu man genius and character: give it only the sensible plea sures and pains, the spontaneous muscular activity, and the law by which associated mental phenomena cling together ; and out of these elements it will weave before your eyes the whole texture of the perfect inner life, be it the patterned story of imagination, the delicate web of the affections, or the seamless robe of moral purity. The outfit is that of the animal; the product but " a little lower than the angel" All the higher endowments,— our apprehension of truth, our consciousness of duty, our self- sacrificing pity, our religions reverence,—are in this view merely transformed sensations; the disinterested impulses are refinements spun out of the coarse fibre of self-love; the subtlest intellectual ideas are but elabo rated perceptions of sight or touch; and the sense of sight, only interest or fear under a disguise. If this be so, how will the discovery affect our natural trust in the intimations of our supreme faculties ? Does it not dis charge as dreams their most assured revelations ? By in tuition of Reason we believe in the Law of Causality, in the infinitude of Space, in the relations of Number, in the reality of an outside world, in all the fundamental conceptions of Science ; but here are they, one and all, recalled to the standard of Sense, which they seem to transcend, and emptied-of any meaning beyond. By vision of Imagination we see an ideal beauty enfolding many a person and many a scene, and appealing to us as a pathetic light gleaming from within ; but here we find it all resolved into curvature of lines and adjustments of color. By inspiration of Conscience we learn that our sin is the defiance of a Divine authority, and, though hid from every human eye, drives us into a wilderness of Exile,—for "the wicked fleeth, though no man pur sueth ;" but here we are told that the ultimate elements of good and evil are our own pleasures and pains, from which the moral sanction selects as its specialty the ap probation and disapprobation of our fellow-men. Thus ail the independent values which our higher facilities had claimed for their natural affections aud beliefs are dissi pated as fallacious ; they are all based upon a sentient measure of worth which lies at the bottom; they are like paper money, refined contrivances representative of the ultimate gold of pleasure, but, where not interchangeable with this, intrinsically worthless. And so the feeling almost inevitably spreads, that we are duties of our own characteristic capacities ; that the loftier air into which they lift us is a tinted and distorting medium, and shows us glories that are not there ; that the idea of an eternal Fount of beauty, truth, and goodness, behind the pleas iiigness aud concinnity of phenomena, is an illusion ; and that the tendency, irresistible as it is, to cling to this idea as someting higher than its denial, is but a part of the romance. Is this scepticism imaginary? Let anyone, in studying the modern writers of this school, compare the solid, manly, sensible way in which they deal with everything 0n the physiological and sensa tional level, with their manner towards all the convic tions and sentiments usually recognised as the supreme lights of our nature ; the tone now of forbearing in dulgence, now of sickly appreciation, often of hardly concealed contempt, that is heard beneath the interminable conjectural analyses of Moral and Religious affections ; and he will feel the difference between the honor that is paid to truth, and the constrained patience towards what other men revere. By a recent extension, the theory of Evolution has been applied to the whole natural history of our race ; and the resources of Habit, already serviceable in ex plaining the aptitudes of individuals, have been turned to account on the larger scale of successive generations, transmitting by inheritance the acquisitions hitherto made good. In the training of a nature, the world thus becomes a permanent school, the interruption of death is virtually abolished, and life is laid open to continuous progress. By this immense gain of power, it is supposed, all the differences which separate Man from other ani mals may be accounted for as gradual attainments ; and many an intuition of the mind, too immediate and self evident to be a product of personal experience, may yield to analysis as a more protracted growth, and stand as the compend of ages of gathering feeling and condens ing thought. Among creatures that herd together for common safety, each one learns to read the looks of anger or of good-will in its neighbours, and discovers what it is that brings upon him the one or other ; and in sensibly he forms to himself a rule for avoiding the dis pleasure and conciliating the favor in which he has so large an interest. This rudimentary experience imprints and records itself in the nervous organisation, and de scends to ulterior generations as an original and instinc tive recoil from what offends, and an impulse towards what gratifies the feeling of the tribe: so that the lesson needs not be gone over again ; but the offspring, taking up his education where the parent left off, accumulates his feeling, quickens his mental execution, and hands down fresh contributions to what at last emerges as a Moral Sense. In this way, it is contended, the Conscience is a hoarded fund of tradi tionary pressures of utility, gradually effacing the primi tive vestiges of fear, and dispensing itself with an afflu ence of disinterested sympathy. And the religious con sciousness that visits the soul in its remorse, of an in visible Witness and Judge who condemns the sin, comes, we are told, from the deification of public opinion, or the fancy that some dead hero's ghost still watches over the conduct of his clan. This vast enlargement of the doctrine of Evolution, while increasing its power, and removing it from the reach of accurate tests, alters neither its principle nor its practical effect. It undertakes to exhibit the highest aud the greatest in our nature as ulterior phenomena of the lowest and the least. And it usually treats as a supersti tion our natural reverence for the rational, moral, and religions intuitions as sources of independent insight and ultimate authority; and, in order to estimate them, tru-laUs^W backtnto S^anV ex&irion.; of se. sible experience and sock* vbtftyv ' Wdt can we wonder at this scepticism. If the ouly reality at bottom of the 1 sasue of duty is fear and submission to opinion, what ever it carries in it that transeeuds thb ground, and per aaades us of an Ohfifatiosi in wMch fear aad ocfeiesi hare no voios, is "an isfcal addition get «p within •» by causes which produce in as all sorts of psychological fig ment*. If the only fact* that lie in onr idea of Space, are a set of feeling* in the muscles and the skin and the eye, then whatever bebefs H Involves winch these cannot verify are natanUy da*credi«ed, asst treated as cariosities of artificial nauimfactmre. If onr human characteristics are throughout the developed iustincto of the brute, dif fering ouly ifi degree, then the moment they present us wHh httuitioß* wUeh are distinct .*« litnl, they begin to play us false; aud thne who see through the cheat natu rally warn us against them. And so we are eotMtantly toid that our highest attributes are ouly the lower that have lost their laemory, and mistake themselves for something eiss. It is not my present iMteatiuu to call in question either of these varieties of evolution. Inadequate as the evi dence of them both ajifiean to be, I will suppose their ease to ha made eat: and still, I submit, it doss not jastify the sceptical estimate which it habitually fosters I of the intellectual, moral, and religious intuitions of the human niiud. For, (1.) Though animal smnatiou, with its connected in ■ stinct, should be tbe raw material of our whole mental history, it is not on that account entitled to .Mftut>,t oil thut ci,,*t* ttjtt,- it, ami stand as the boundary line between fact and dream, between tn;v fn«c and " airy nothing." That which is first in Time has no necessary priority of rank in the scale vf truth aud reality ; and the later- found may well be the greater existence and the more assured. If it is a development of Faculty, and not of incapacity, which the theory provides, the process must advance as into new light, and not withdraw us from clearer light behind : and we have reason to confide in the freshest gleams and inmost visions of to-day, and to discard whatever quenches and oonfiu.es them in the vague and turbid beginnings of the Past With what ulen will you exhort me, " If you would rid yourself of intellectual mysteries, come with us, and see the stuff your thought is made of: if you would stand free of ideal illusions, count with us the medullary waves that have run together into the flood-ti<* of what you call your conscience: if you would shake off superstition, look at the way iv which the image of dead men will hang about the fancy of a savage, or the personification of au ab stract quality inptwe on the ignorance of simple times 1" Is our wisdom to be gathered by going back to the age before our errors* And instead of consulting the ma turity of thought, are we to peer into its cralle ami seek oracles in its infant cries* If the last apinal lie to the animal element* of experience, we can learn only by un learning ; aud by ahuttiug one after another of tlie hun dred ideal eye* of the finished intellect, we shall have a chance of seeing ami feeling things as they are. If nothing kto be deemed true but what the pre-human apes saw, then all the sciences must be illusory ; with the suicidal result that, with them, this doctrine of Evolu tion uvnvt vanish too. Or if, stopping short of this ex treme distrust of the acquired intuition*, you make a re servation in favor of the new visions of the intellect, what right can you show for discharging those of the conscience? The tacit aamniptiou therefore that yon up set a snpar-sensual belief by tracing the history of H* wuergMMM among sensible comUtious, is a groundless prejudice. (i) Further, the question to be determined may be presented as a ]>robleni in physiology, to be resolved by corresponding rules: What is the j«*H,«a of certain parts of our human cuustitutiou—namely, the Raasuu and the Moral Faculty 7 Now it is a recognised principle that, iv estimating function, you must study the organ, not iv its rudimentary condition, before it has disengaged itself from adjaoeut admixtures ami flung off the foreign elements, but in iv jwrfect or diflereutiated state, so as to do iU own work and nothing else. In order to give the idea of a time-piece to one who had it not, you would not send him to one of the carious medisßval docks which eoakl play a tone and fire a gun, aud announce the sunrise, and mark the tides, and report twenty nus osUaneous things besides ; but to the modern chrono meter, sim]ile and oomjdeto, that, telling only the moment, tells it imrfectly. Aud in natural organisations, to team the ca]abilities ami pro ject of any structure, yon would not resort to the embryo where it is forming but not working: yon would wait till it was born into the full presence of theelsmenU ..with which it had to deal: not till then could you see bow they played upon it, and what was its response to them. In conformity with tlds rule, whither would yon betake yourself, if you want to measure the intrinsic competency of our intellectual faculty, aud determine what its very nature give* it to know ? Would you take counsel of the unne who held you " when you first opened your eyes to the light,"* or otherwise study " the first oousuioasuess in any infant," " before the time when memory commences, "t * saquent to the first beginning* of intellectual lifeT^J Ou the contrary, you would avoid that soft inchoate pro mise of nature, only nominally bum, where tbe very structures of its finer work have not yet set into their distinctive consistency aud form ; aud would hold your pence till the faculty is awake ami ou its feet, ami can clearly tell you what it sees for itself, and what it makes out at taouud hand : just as, to gange thesjunar light, you must have patience while the thin crescent grows, and wait till the full orb is there. Btill lew can you take the report of the Moral Faculty from the confession! of the cradle, or from the quarrels and affections of the I apes: the conditions being not yet present fur the bare conception of a moral proUeui. The most that can bs asked of an intuition is, that it shall keep i>ace with the cases as they arise, and be aud If you wonld ksow what provision oar uatnre holds for dealing with Hs Duty ami interpreting iv guilt, yoa must go into tJbe thick of iv moral life, and bid it tell yon what it sees from tbe swaying tides of temptation ami ef victory. The "purity" of intuitions is not " pristine,'* but ultimate: cleared at length from acci dental and irrelevant nitely crystallise.l, they realise and exhibit the idea that lay at the heart of all their tentative*, and constitutes their truth. Am I told that it is hopeless at so late an boor to separate what is an iudigeuous gift from what is implanted by education ? I reply, it no doubt requires, but it will not bafle, tbe hand of skilled analysis : difficulty which, in other cases, we find it nut impossible to overootne ; for there are assuredly instinct* aud affee tdous, strictly original and natural, that make no sign and play no part till oar matorer yean, yet which are readily distinguished from tbe prodaoU of artificial I culture. If, to find the functions of our higher faculties, we mint look to their last stage and not to their first, we at ouce recover and justify the ideal conceptions which tbe expositors of Evolution are accustomed to disparage as romance. For among those functions are present certain Intuitive beliefs—for the Reason, in Divine Causality ; for tbe Conscience, in Divine Authority : together Mend ing into the knowledge of a Supreme and Holy Mind. These august appreheusious we are entitled to declare are iM>t the illusions, but the discoveries, of Man; who, by rising into them, is bom into more of the Universe of things than any other being u]ton earth, aud is made conscious of iv transcendent and ultimate r-n'i^«r' If these trusts are indeed the growth of ages, from seeds in visibly dropped upon the field of time,'be it so ;it was ■ot without hand ; there was a Sotetr that went forth to sow. 11\. We turn now to the Second Form of doubt raised by the doctrine of Evolution : under which it weakens our objective trust in an originating Mind. A naturalist who to his own satisfaction has traced the pedigree of the human intellect, conscience, and religion, to Ascidiaa skin-bags sticking to the sea-side rocks, is nut likely to arrest the genealogy there, at a stage so little fitted to serve as a starting point of derivative being. Or, if hi* own retreat should go no further, others will take up the regressive race, and, soou passing the near and easy line into the vegetable kingdom, will work through its provinces to iU lichen-spotted edge ; and, after per haps one shriikking look, will dare tbe leap into tbe dead realm beyond, aud bring home tbe parentage of all to the primitive element* of "matter and force." To give effect to this extension over tbe universe at huge of the theory of Evolution, the scientific imaginatioH of our day has long been meditating iv projected book of Genesis, ami has already thrown out its special chapters here and there ; ami though the scenes of the drama as a whole are not yet arranged, the general ]Uan is clear; that the Lncretian method is the true one ; that nothing arises fora purpose, but only from a power; that no Divine Actor therefore is required, but only atoms extended, resisting shape, with spheres of mutual attraction and repulsion ; that, with these i«>'>»°««i to begin with, a growth will follow of itself by which the innxii^n will be reached ; aud that thus far the chief and Latest thing it has done is the ap parition of Miud in the human race and civilisation 111 human society, conferring upon man the melancholy 1 privilege of being, so far as he knows, at the sammit of the universe. The main support of this doctrine is found in two arguments, supplied respectively by physical science and by natural history ; each of which we will pass under re view. i. The former relies on the new scientific conception of tbe Unit)) of >V>/rt. When Newton established the com position of Light in his treatise on Optics, and the law of Gravitation in his Principia, be conceived himself to be treating of two separate powers of nature, between which, quick as he was to seize unexpected relations, he dreamt of no interchange. Yet now it is understood that when colliuons occur of bodies gravitating on op]»wite lines, the momenta thut seem to be killed siuiplv burnt into light ami lieat When Priestley's experiments de tected the most iiujtortant chemical element on the oue hand, and the fundamental electrical laws 011 the other, he aeetned to move on paths of research tliat had no con tact Yet iv tlie next generation, chemical compound* weie resolved by electricity ; which again turns up iv ex chauge for magnetism, and can p:iss into motion, heat, and light To see the transniigrHtioit of natural agency, trace only tliroiigh a few of its links the effect of the sunshine on the tropic seas. So far as it warms the mass of waters, either directly or through the scorched shores tliat they wash, it stirs them into shifting Layers and cur rent*, and creates -rri( i Aiftil jN.wer. But it also re moves the sii|terficial iilui ; and thus far spends iteelf, not in raising the temiiemture, but in cliauging the form from liquid to vaj>or, and so altering the specific gravity as to transfer what was on the deep to the level of the ruonntain to]*. It U tlie Pacific tliat climbs and crowns the Andes, resuming on the way the liquid state in the shape of clouds, aud as it settles crystallising into aolid snow and ice. Tlie original set of solar rays have now played their part, and made their escape elsewhere. Hut there i* sunshine among the glacier* too, which noon begins to resolve the knot tliat has been tied, and restore what ha* beeu ytoleu. It sets free the waters tliat have been locked np, nnd lets their gravitation have iv play upon their flow. As they dash through ravines, or linger in the plains, they steal into the roots of grass and tree, ami, by the tribute which they leave, jkiss into the new shape of ,'itnl force. And if they glide by the homestead* of industry, and raise the food of a civilised jieople, who can deny that they contribute not only to the organic but to the mnttnl Life, and so have run the whole circuit from the lowest to the highest phase of power* That the return back may be traced from the highest to the lowest, is sltown by every effort of thought and will ; which, through the medium of nervous energy, iv one direction sets in action the levers of the liuibs, and iv another works the laboratory of the organic life, and forms new chemical com])Oiui while others pus iuto the air as waste, HtLU further : all doubt of identity in the force which ma&ks; iuelf in these various sha]ies is said to be removed by the test of direct measurement before ami after the change. The heating of a pound of water by oue degree has iv exact mechanical equivalent ;§ and "a given store of elevated temperature will overcome the same weights, whether applied directly to lift them, or turned first into a ther moelectric current so a* to perform it» task by deputy, f; The inference drawn from the tdienomeua of which these are sample* i* no leas than tiiia ; that each kind of force is convertible into any other, and undergoes neither * Mill's Examination of Hamilton, 3rd edition, n. 172. t Ibid. JlWd.p.l6o. $ Viz., the fall of 77211 m. through a foot See Xr. Joule* Experiments in Grove* Correlation of Purrfcal Fora*, p. 84, »th edition. H 8«e tixvve'a ComUtiuO, p. 2&, sth edition* i.' •'•• i- . gain nor low upon the way; so that the com total re main* for ev«r the same, ana 1 ■ only differently repre sented aa Uw proportions change aniougst the different nrma of life, and between the organic ami the inorganic realms. Hence arise* the argument that, in having a*? force, y«a have virtually rll • and that, —saming ouly ■saterial atom* aa dspositorias of mechanical resistance awl ntosu«ata»a, you can supply a universe with an ex haustive kosmogouy, ami dispense with the presence of Mind, excel* aa one of iv phenomena. To tost this argument, lei us grant the data which an) demanded, ami imagine the primordial spacechargwl with matter, in molecules or in ni»mm. in motion ««• rest, aa yon may prefer. Pat it under the law of gravitation, aad invert it with wliat varieties you please of density aad form. Thus constituted, it perfectly fulfils all the ooudrtiuos you have asked; it prwsus, it uutw, it pio pagates and distribute* impulse, i* liable to acceleration ami retardation, and exhibits all the phenomena with which any treatise on Mechanics can itroperly deal, lv order, however, to keep the problem clear within iU limit*, let na have it iv the simplest form, aud conceive the atom* to be all of what step the hypothesis impose* to effect iU passage to the cktMietd force* and their innumerable result*. ll«tt it may manage to reach >>y the frictiou and compression of the material* at it* ilupiKil; and iU uietal universe may thus have iU solid, liquid, ami gaseous itroviuce* ; bat beyond these varietie», iUbi>inogei»eons particle* can not advance the history one hair's breadth through an eternity. It is not true, then, that the condition* which give the first type of force suffice to prutnote it to the second ; and in order to start the world on its chemical career, yon must enlarge its capital and present it with an outfit of kttrivgt*ro*M constituents. Try, therefore, the effect of *nch a gift ; fling into the pre-existing cauldron the whole list of recognised elementary substattces, and give leave to their affinities to wsrk; we immediately gain au immense accebiou to our material* for the archi tecture aud resources for the changes of the world—the water and the air, the Halt* of the ocean, and the earthy or rocky compounds tliat compose the crust of the globe, and the variable states of magnetism ami heat, which throw the combinations into slow though constant change. But with all yonr enlargement of will, at the end of every ]M*sage which they explore, the ilnn,- of lifr U closed against them still : and though more than onoe it lias been proclaimed that a way has Ijeen found through, it has proved that the living thing was on the wrong side to begin with. It is not trite, there fore, that, from the two earlier stages of force, the ascent can be made to the vital level : the ethereal ore yet re main* in Heaven ; and pliiloaophy has not stretched forth the Promethean arm tliat can bring it down. And if, ouce more, we make you a present of this third phase of power, and place at your disposal all that is contained beneath and within the Horn of the world, still your problem is no easier than before; yon cannot take a single step towards the deduction of sensation and thought: neither at the upper limit do the highest plant* (the exogeur) transcend themselves aud over balance into animal existence; uor at the lower, grope as you may among the xea-weetl* and s]>onges, can you per suade the s]M>nues ut the one to develop into the other It is again not true, therefore, that, in virtue of the con vertibility of force, the possession of any is the posses sion of the wh.4e: we give you all the forms but one : ami that one looks calmly down on your busy evolutions, and remains inaoueasibfo. Is, then, the transmigration of forces altogether an illusion r By no means: but before one can excliange with another, Oof/, ,»**! I* tktrt; and to turn their equivalence into a universal formula, nil must be there. With only oue kind of elementary matter, there can be no cliemistry ; with wily the chemi cal elssneuU aud their laws, 110 life; with ouly vital re source*, as in the vegetable wwrld, nu beginning of mind. But let Thought and Will with their condition* onoe be there, aud they will approj>riate vital power: as life, once in possession, will ply the alembics and the test tulies of its organic laboratory: and chemical affinity is no sooner on the field tliau it pLays*iu game among the cohesions of simple gravitation. Hence it is impossible to work the theory of Evolution upwards from the bot tom. If all force i* to be conceived as Oue, its type must be looked for in the highest and all- comprehending term ; aud Mind mttrt be conceived as there, and as divesting itself of some speciality at each step of its descent to a lower stratum of law, till represented at the base under the guise of simple Dynamics. Or, if you retain the forces in their plurality, then you must p***m* them "II among your data, and confess, with oue of the greatest living exi>o*itor* of the {iheiiouienM of Development, that unless among your primordial ele ment* you ratter already the germs of Mind as well aa the inferior elements, the Evolution can never be wrought out* But surely a theory which is content 1 amply to assume in the germ whatever it has to turn out I full-grown, throws no very brilliant light on the genesis 1 of the Universe. ii. The second and principal support of the doctriue under review is found in tlie realm of natural history, and in that ]truviuee of it which is occupied by I i flag tr.'/t//*. Here, it is said, in the field of observation nearest to us, we have evidence of a power iv each uatnre to push iteelf and gain ground, as agaiust all natures less favorably constituted. There is left open to it a certain range of possible variation from the type of its present individuals, of which it may avail itself in any direction that may fortify its position ; aud even if its own in stinct* did nut seize at once the line of greatest strength, i still, out of its several tentative*, all the feeble results would fail to win a footing, and only the residuary suc cesses would nuke good their ground. The ill-equipped troops of rival possibilities being always routed, how aver ofteu they return, the weLl-armed alone are seen upon the field, and the world is in possession of " the fittest to live." We thus obtain a principle of aelf-ad ' justing adaptation of each being to it* condition, with- I out resorting to a designing care, disposing of it from without; and its development is an experimental escape from past weakness, not a pre- couceived aim at a futi-re perfection. I have neither ability nor wish to criticise the particu lar indication* of this law, drawn with an admirable patieiice and breadth of research, from every de)Mutmeiit of animated nature. Though the logical structure of the proof does not seem to me particularly solid, and the disproportion between the evidence and the conclusion k of necessity so euonuoo* as to carry us no further than the discussion of an hypothesis, yet, for our present \tur pose, the thesis may pass as if establislied ; and our scrutiny may be directed only to its beariugs, should it be true. I (L) Tbe genius of a country which has bean the birth place and chief home of Political Economy is naturally pleased by a theory of this kind; which invests its favorite lord and master, Competition, with au imperial crown ami universal sway. But let us not deceive our selves with mere abstract words and abbreviations, as if they could reform a world or even farm a sheep- walk. Competition is not, like a primitive function of nature, an independent and original power, which can of itself do anything ; the term only describes a certain intensify - ing of power already there : making the difference, under particular conditions, between function latent and ftuic- tion exercised. It may, therefore, turn the less into the more ; and it is reasonable to attribute to it an increment to known and secured effects ; but not new and unknown effects, for which else there is no provision. It gives but a partial and superficial account of the pheuouieiia with which it has concern; of their degree; of their incidence here or there; of their occurrence now or then; of themselves in their charac teristics it pre- supposes, and does not supply, the cause. To that cause, then, let us turn. Let us con sider what must be upon the field, before competition can arise. (2.) It cannot act except in the presence of some possi- bilty of a better or worse. A struggle out of relative disadvantage implies that a relative advantage is within grasp—that there is a prize of promotion offered for the contest. The rivalry of beings eager for it is but an instrument for making the best of things; and only when flung into the midst of an indeterminate variety of alter native conditions can it find any scope. When it gets there and falls to work, what does it help us to account for? It accounts certainly for the triumph and surviver ship of the better, but not for there being a better to sur vive. Given, the slow and the swift upon the same course, it makes it clear that the race will be to the swift; but it does not provide the fleeter feet by which the standard of speed is raided. Nay more, even for the pre valence of the better ("or fitter to live") it would not account, except on the assumption that whatever is better is stronger too; and a universe in which this rule holds already indicates its divine constitution, and is pervaded by an ideal power unapproached by the forces of necessity. Thus the law of " natural selection," in stead of dispensing with anterior causation and enabling the animal races to be their own Providence and do all their own work, distinctly testifies to a constitution of the world pre-arranged for progress, externally spread with large choice of conditions, and with internal provi sions for seizing and realising the best. On such a world, rich in open possibilities, of beauty, strength, affection, intellect, and character, they are planted and set free ; charged with instincts eagerly urging them to secure the preferable line of each alternative ; and disposing them selves, by the very conditions of equilibrium, into a natural hierarchy, in which the worthiest to live are in the ascendant, and the standard of life is for ever rising. What can look more like the field of a directing Will intent upon the good ? Indeed, the doctrine of " natural selection" owes a large part of its verisimilitude to its skilful imitation of the conditions and method of Free will ;—the indeterminate varieties of possible movement; the presentation of these before a selective power; the determination of the problem by fitness for preference ; —all these are features that would belong n0 less to the administration of a presiding Mind ; and that, instead of resorting for the last solution to this high arbitrament, men of science should suppose it to be blindly fought out by the competing creatures, as if they were supreme, is one of the marvels which the professional intellect, whatever its department, more often exhibits than ex plains. (3.) But, before competition can arise, there must be, besides the field of favorable possibility, desire or in tinct to lay bold of its opportunities. Here it is that we touch the real dynamics of evolution, which rivalry can only bring to a somewhat higher pitch. Here, it must be admitted, there is at work a genuine principle of progression, the limits of which it is difficult to fix. Every being which is so far individuated as to be a sepa rate centre of sensation and of the balancing active spontaneity, is endowed with a self-asserting power, capa ble, on the field already supposed, of becoming a self advancing power. Under its operation, there is no doubt increasing differentiation of structure and refinement of function may be expected to emerge ; nor is there any rea son, except such as the facts of natural history may impose, why this process should be arrested at the boundaries of the species recognised in our present classifications. Pos sibly, if the slow increments of complexity in the organs of sentient beings on the globe were all mapped out before us, the whole timing multitudes now peopling the land, the waters, and the air, might be seen radiating from a common centre in lines of various divergency, and however remote their existing relations, might group themselves as one family. The speculative critic must here grant without stint all that the scheme of develop ment can ask : and we must leave it to the naturalist and physiologist to break up the picture into sections, if they must. But then, Why must be grant it ? Because here, having crossed the margin of animal life, we have, in its germ of feeling and idea, not merely a persistent but a self-promoting force, able to turn to account whatever is below it ; the mental power, even in its rudiments, domi nating the vital, and constraining it to weave a finer or ganism ; and, for that end, to amend its application of the chemical forces, and make them better economise their command of mechanical force. Observe, however, that, if here we meet with a truly fruitful agency, capa ble of accomplishing difficult feats of new combination and delicate equilibrium, we meet with it here first ; and the moment we fall back from the line of sentient life," and quit the scene of this eager, aggressive, and com peting power, we part company with all principle of pro gress ; and consequently lose the tendency to that in creasing complexity of structure and subtlety of combina ion which distinguish the organic from the inorganic compounds. Below the level of life, there is no room for the operation of "natural selection." Its place is there occupied by another principle, for which n0 such wonders of constructive adaptation can be claimed ;—I * LoUe't Mikrukaanu*, B. iv. Kap. 2, Baud iL S3 •egg. mean, the dynamic rule of Art.v* on Ike lint nf ? M «e re- ' ttttauft .—a rule, the working of which U quite iv Urn opposite direction. Far •ruUirUy it goes against the estabushjneut of mutable amditiousof equilibruini and must therefore be the enemy rather than the patron of th*^^l>i* x ingredients, th« precarious tissues, aud the nuutipled relations, of sentient bodies ; aikl uu its own theatre must prevent the permanent formative of auy but the simpler unions among the material element*. Ac cordingly, all the great enduring niMM that form and la the architecture of inorganic uatniw, iU limestone and clay, it* oxide* and aalta, iv water aud air, are omb pounda, or a mixture, of few ami ilirect constituents. And the moment that life retreat* aud surrenders the organism it has built and heUL. the same nutajfoiii.it prin ciple enters on poasokuon, and net* to work to destroy the intricate structure of "proximate principles" with their "compound radicals." With life and niuul therefore there begins, whether by modified affinities or by ntmoral of waste, a t> ,i»in,t against these lower powers, carrying the being up to a greater or less height npon the wing; bat with life it end*, leaving him then to the perpetual gravitation tliat completes the loftiest flight upon the ground. Within the limit* of her Physic* and Chemistry alone, Nature discloses no princi|Je'of progression, but oiilv proviaions for jieriodicity ; aud out of this realm, without further resources, she coultl never rise. The tion of the differentiating force* of life U evinced, not only in the extreme case of disaoluUou in death, but in the well-known relapse of organ* which have been artifi cially developed into exceptional ] .erfact ion back into their earlier state, when relieved of the Ktrain and left to themselves. L'uder tlie tension of a directiug mental interest, whether supplied by the animal's own instincts or by the controlling care of mau, the organism yield* itself to be moulded into more fqwcial and highly-finished form*; and a series of ascending variation* withdraw* the nature from it* origuuU or first-known type, lint wherever we cau lift the teuaion off, the too .skilful balance proves mutable, and the law of reversion rein states the simpler conditions. Only on the higher levels of life do we find a self-working principle of progres sion : and, till we reach them, development wants its dynamics; and, though there may be evolution, it cannot be self-evolution. These considerations appear to me to break the back of this formidable argument in the middle ; and to show the impossibility of dispensing with the presence of Mind in any scene of ascending being, where the little is be coming great, and the dead alive, and the shapeless beau tiful, and the sentient moral, and the moral spiritual. Is it not in truth a strange choice, to set up " Evolution," of all things, as the negation of Purpose pre-disposing what is to come? For what does the word mean, and whence is it borrowed ? It means, to unfold from within; and it is taken from the history of the seed or embryo of living natures. And what is the seed, but a casket of pre-arranged futurities, with its whole contents pros pective, settled to be what they are by reference to ends still in the distance? If a grain of wheat be folded in a mummy-cloth and put into a catacomb, its germ for growing and its albumen for feeding sleep side by side, and never find each other out. But no sooner does it drop, thousands of years after, on tlie warm and moistened field, than their mutual play begins, aud the plumule rises aud lives U|xai iv store till it is able to win iU own maintenance from the ground. Not only are iv two part* therefore relative to each otlter, but "both are relative to conditions lying iv another departuieut of the world,— the clonda, the atmosphere, the soil; in the ab seuoe of which they remain barren and functionless :— and this from a Cause that has no sense of relation ! The humau ear, moulded iv the silent matrix of nature, ia formed with a nerve snsceptihle to oue influence alone, and that an absent oue, tlie undulations of a medium iuto which it is not yet burn : and, in anticipation of the whole moncal scale with all iU lianuonies, furnishes iUelf with a microscopic grand piano of :«000 stretched strings, each ready to reajioud to a different and definite number of aerial virbrations ;—and thin, frotu a Cause that never meant to bring together the inner organ and the outer mmliniu, now hiilden from each other ! Tlie eye, shaped in Urn dark, select* an exclusive sensibility to inoveuieuU propagated from distant skies ; aud so weaves iU tissues, and disjtuse* iv conteuU, aud bangs iv curtains, anil adjusU iU range of motion, as to meet every exigency of refraction and dispersion of the untried light, and be ready to paint in iv interior the whole lierspective of the undreamed world without:—and thit, from a Cause in capable of having an end in view ! Huroly, nothing can be evolved that ia not first involved : aud if there Im auytbing which not only carries a definite future iv it, bat has the whole ratimtalt of iv present constitution grounded in that future, it is the embryo, whence, by a strange humor, this denial of flital causes has chosen to borrow iv name. Not more certainly is the statue, that has yet to be, already potentiaHy ooutained iv the pre oouception and sketches of the artist, tlian tlie stately tree of the next century in the lieech-mast that drops uimu the ground; or the whole class of Birds, if you give them a couuuvu descent, Iv the eggs to which you choose to go hack as ttrst; or the eutire system of nature in any germinal cell or other prolific iii'mihium whence yon •n]ipose iv organism to have been brought out Evolution aud Prospectiou are inseparable conceptions. Go back as you will, and try to propel the movement from behiiwl instead of drawiug it from before, development iv a definite direction towards the realisation of a domi nant scheme of ascending relations, is the sway of an overruling end. To take away the ideal basis of Nature, yet construe it by the analogy of organic growth, will be for ever felt as a contradiction. It Uto put out the eyes of the Past, in order to show us with wliat secure preci sion, amid distracting paths and over chasm* bridged by a hair, it selecU iU way iuto the Future. If the Divine Idea will not retire at the bidding of our speculative science, but retains its place, it is natu ral to ask, what is its relation to the series of so- called Forces in the world ? But the question is too large and deep to be answered here. Let it suffice to say, that there need not be any overuling of these forces by tho Will of God, so that the supernatural should disturb the natural; or any supplementing of them, so that He should fill up their deficiencies. Rather is His thought related to them, as, in Man, the mental force is related to all below it; turning them all to account for ideal ends, and sustaining the higher equili brium which else would lapse into lower forms. More truly, yet equivalently, might we say, these sup ptieed forces, which are only otlr intellectual interpreta tion of classes of perceived phenomena, are but varieties of His Will the rules and methods of His determinate and legislated agency, in which, to keep faith with the universe of beings, He abnegates all change ; but beyond which, in His transcendent relations with dependent aud responsible minds, He has left a glorious margin for the free spiritual life, open to the sacredness of Personal Communion and the hope of growing similitude. 