FREEBURGH. September 16. It would appear that the mania of ac- climatisation has for sometime back taken an upward movement, resulting in an apparently successful experiment by that most erractic of all officials the clerk of the weather, who has succeeded in transplanting a portion of the polar canopy over our Victorian heads. The august but fickle personage above al- luded to, has either made a geographical mistake or forgotten the fact that the colony of Victoria is within a few degrees of the tropic of Capricorn. I am inclined to believe that the transplant from the region of storms has a northern rather than a southern origin, arising from the fact that we are at present experiencing ihe exact type of weather which Dr Johnson did on an exploring expedition in the northwest highlands of Scotland. The great renovator of the English lan- guage had for a couple of days been pelted with a continuous storm of wind and rain sharpened by the refrigerating process of being driven through a No- vember sky, meeting a little boy in the act of driving some cattle to shelter, he was accosted by the great lexicographer, who's surly temper had certainly not been sweetened by his recent exposure. " Hi, you boy. your roads here are most horribly bad." " It may be sae, sir, but I did'na mak them." "Does it, always rain here, sirrah ?" " Na, na ; it sometimes snaws." A sound was emitted from the lower recesses of the doctor's ample muffler, which no combination of the letters of the English alphabet is capable of ex- pressing, but the boy said it was an " awfu' growel." Lately it has become no uncommon thing here to have snow, rain, hail, and sunshine within the same hour, the one chasing the other, like shadowy ghosts disappearing, only to be succeeded by fresh relays from the apparently exhaustless store-chambers of the cloud-throned king. Taking it all in all, the present winter has been the most inclement one within the memory of the oldest settler on the Ovens River Considerable anxiety is felt here re- garding the appproaching Spring thaw. The immense accumulations of snow which so many successive storms have piled upon our ranges, which — should the thaw prove soft and sudden — an un- precedented overflow of rivers and water- courses may be fairly anticipated. Tbe mail carrier between Harrietville and Grant, via the Dargo route, has hitherto been the greatest sufferer. It is wonder- ful how he has been able to keep his time so regularly as he has done : plunging and pushing through several feet in depth of new fallen snow. It may be at times, after a hard frost, that the level snow surface may be as easily traversed as a ball-room floor — such being the ex- ception, not the rule. Mining still maintains its usual uni- form routine ; the Homeward Bound Reef, Smoko Creek, still holds its own as the premier reef on the Ovens River ; Nos. 1 and 2 (amalgamated), on the same reef, at a trial crushing of fifty tons, gave a return of over one ounce and a half to the ton. There have been some feeble attempts either to buy up or amalgamate these two with the prospecting claim, but through avarice or jealousy or both together, the claimholders have come to no agree- ment. I believe in a great measure through the mulish disposition of one of the proprietors of the prospecting claim. Nothing daunted Nos. 1 and 2 have set manfully to work to drive a tunnel some 700 or 800 feet in length, and are already in over 100 feet. The 50 tons of a trial crushing were brought to the surface by a passage way through the prospecting claim, which is worked up to the boundary of Nos. 1 and 2. The proprietors of the former claim re- fusing all reasonable offers for the privy- lege of allowing a passage way through their claim. The mutability of quartz reefing is proverbial, and the contingency is by no means impossible that by the time the tunnel on Nos. 1 and 2 is finished, the prospecting claim may be worked out, whereas had they come to an amicable agreement it would in all probability have been a thousand pounds to the advantage of each of the com- panies. Such is life ! The Chinese on the Freeburgh Flats are, as a rule, doing well, some of them obtaining splendid yields, the most of them wages, and the poorest, with only half developed claim's, making tucker. The Celestials are migrating in a body from their hitherto favorite locality of German Town, and running up their Jonah's gourd-like huts nearly as rapidly and as fragile as the huge vegetable of that rather unlucky mariner. The folks in Freeburgh are by no means pleased with the close approximation of the chil- dren of the Sun and cousins of the Moon more especially as they are accom- panied by a class of female friends, whose antecedents, unlike their dusky lords, can lay but small claim to Celestial origin. A Chinaman named Ah Le Ung, whilst walking along the margin of a deep cut in his claim missed his footing, falling down on a rocky bottom a depth of some sixteen or eighteet feet. He was picked up by his mates, washed, and put to bed. Dr Airey, of Bright, was called in and was promptly in attendance, visiting his patient again next morning the doctor thought he was in a fair way to recover. Meantime his mates despatched a tele- gram to Beechworth for a Chinese doctor, who, if he did not do any harm to his patient certainly did him no good, he lingered on from Thursday at noon until Sunday evening, when death ter- minated his sufferings. It is passing strange the amount of repugnance shewn by Chinamen, and the dread which they evince in coming in contact with a dead body. The coroner, Mr T. Lumley, gave orders for the removal of Ah Le Ung to the Freeburgh Hotel, previous to a post-mortem being held by Dr Airey, who was in attendance for that purpose. Not one of the Chinese would lay a hand on the body nor even enter the hut where it lay. The jury had therefore to walk a considerable distance to the hut where the deceasrd lay, to enable them to view the body. As a matter of course, to institute a post-mortem examination in the hut was a simple impossibility, there being barely room enough for the wretched bunk on which the corpse was stretched. The jury, after the examina- tion of a couple of the mates of deceased, returned a verdict of Accidental Death. Perhaps not the least curious feature in this case was the fact that the denizens of the Chinese village would not allow the body of the deceased to be carried through their public streets. Fences had to he knocked down, and races to be bridged, and an entirely new track made from the main road to the hut of the deceased, previously to the removal of the body for interment. I had almost forgot to state that the deceased was coffined wearing his boots, and with his hat on his head ; all his wearing apparel was also packed into the coffin ; and last, although not least, a certain modi- cum of ready cash was also deposited with the body, the amount of which was carefully concealed from barbarian eyes. I may also state that a brother of the deceased was present, who showed no repugnance to handle the body of his near relation. Some short time ago, a rather serious and painful accident occurred to Mr Daniel Cherry, a miner, well known both on the Buckland and on the Ovens River. Mr Cherry, along with some others, was riding on horseback down Smoko Creek, when his horse stumbled and fell, breaking Mr Cherry's leg above the ankle. He is progressing as well as can be expected, under the care of Dr Airey. September 17. A change in the weather for the better has taken place, this day being the finest we have had for months past — a clear sky and bright sunshine. 