TOPICS. S. Ignatius' Church, Norwood. — On Sunday last the Bishop of Adelaide held a Confirmation at this Church, when 50 persons, among whom were a few adults, presented themselves as candi- dates for the reception of this Holy Sacrament. Before administering the the rite, His Lordship addressed the candidates in an eloquent and impressive manner on the necessity of being pro perly prepared for the reception of the sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost im parted by the imposition of hands. He also dwelt forcibly on the necssity of a religious education, and the many dangers to which those parents exposed their children who sent them to mixed . or Protestant schools. He concluded by earnestly exhorting his hearers to value the precious gift of faith above all human or worldly considerations. Reuter's Telegrams. — In our last issue we drew attention to a telegram which had been published in the daily papers, stating that a Papal Bull had been issued, authorising the election of a Pope without a regular Conclave. Wo expressed our opinion that there was no foundation for the statement, and this was confirmed by a telegram which was published the next day, stating that the said Bull was apocryphal. Nevertheless the British public still seem to be agitated in their minds about this "blessed" Bull, for a telegram in Wed nesday's papers, dated from London, says, " The Papal Bull is causing great sensation." If this telegram is correct, it only shows what incorrigible donkeys the English people must be to allow themselves to be excited about that which has no real existence. But if, like the Bull, the " sensation" is apocryphal, it reflects more credit on the inventive faculties than on the regard for truth displayed by Reuter's agents. In Thursday's papers it is stated that a French Catholic paper, the Univers, has been suspended for two months, in consequence of representa tions from Prussia. We believe there is no lfiore foundation for this story than for that about the famous Papal Bull. It, is not all probable that the French Government would allow Prussia to in terfere in their internal affairs in this manner. ' The statement of the North German Gazette, which was telegraphed on Wednesday, that the " relations be tween France and Germany will depend upon the attitude of France towards the Ultramontanes," is simply a piece of insolent bounce. The Ultramontanes include all the Catholics of France, but we should like to know what the attitude of the French Government towards them has to do with Prussia ? ' Lecture on Lord Byron. — The Mt. Gambier papers publish reports of an interesting lecture on Lord Byron, which was delivered at the Institute by the Rev. J, F, Roolio on Thursday, 15th instant, Thefts in Government Offices. — It will be unpleasant for the public to learn that thefts have recently been discovered to have taken place in the Accountant's office of the Engmeer-m- Chief's Department. About a month ago £5 was missing from the cashbox whioli was kept in the Accountant's desk ; but at the first little attention was paid to the matter, as it was supposed that a A 5 -note had been, paid away in mistake for a £1. Shortly afterwards, however, AT 5 was missed and it then became apparent that a theft had been committed. Mr. Mais directed that a new cashbox and an iron safe should bo procured, which was done. Just before 4 o'clock one afternoon the Accountant put away a considerable sum, including five AlO-notes, in the box and safrT, locking the keys of both, and placing them in a drawer, of which ho tinned the key. He wont ..to the Treasury, where lie was engaged for a quarter of an hour, and upon returning lie took the key of the safe and placed it under neath some papers in one of a number of pigeon-holes, which was closed by locked door. Next morning the key was found in tho same position, but three AlQ-notos were gone from the cashbox, and whether the cash was taken during the night or during the time the Accountant was absent in the Treasury cannot of course be aseci> tained. The whole matter, which is involved in mystery, has been referred to a Board of Enquiry, the police have also been informed of the circumstances, and it is to be hoped that the culprit may speedily be discovered and brought to justice. — Evening Journal. The Victorian Education Act. — The writer of " Victorian Notes," in the Border Watch of Jan. 17, makes the following references to the educational system now in force in that colony " We are told, however, that the Go vernment have given us free education, but even it is given chiefly to the rich, and the homeless street arabs for whom it was principally intended, are as schoofless and unlettered as ever, and when one considers that in Australia very few people make a living by educa tional acquirements, it might have been wiser after all to have taught these arabs trades. The learned professions are at a sad discount in Victoria, and those who take the highest honors at our boasted colleges will end in all proba bility as sheep and pig feeders, because these callings pay better than the learned ones, and are likely to last . longer here, and in my humble opinion he who pays £200 a year for the tuition of his soil in " Brazen Nose" would act more wisely if he hoarded up those payments for' the purchase of Lincolns. I am not hostile to education, but there is a medium in everything, and we run 1 to extremes. Hundreds of Cambridge men are splitting timber in our forests, and as many Oxonians would jump at ; boundary riders' billets. . . . The Education Act itself was a mere hobby of the Attorney-General's, and has proved already a most signal failure — far inferior to even the system it sup planted, and immeasurably below the cheap Scotch parochial system." The Attorney- General on Go vernment Education. — In a speech made at Exeter on the occasion of the laying the foundation-stone of four schools, the Attorney-General of Eng land, referring to the Education' Act recently passed in that country, said : — " One thing I think is plain — that it would be impossible for anyGovernjnent to put forward, or, if it put forward, to carry an absolute Parliamentary proba tion of the element of religion of some kind in the national schools of this country. (Hear, hear.) I do not say that it is the best religion that is taught ; I do not say that it is the best mode of teaching it — 1113' own opinion 011 this subject is very well known to those who care to know it — but I do say that to attempt by an Act of Parliament to pro scribe religion in general is politically impossible, as I believe it would be morally wrong. (Applause.) Next I wish to say this — that I conceive it to be out of the question, in an' system of national education, to attempt to refuse to recognize those great efforts of volun tary education to ivhich up to this point of time the whole country has been so deeply indebted. (Hear, hear.) It would have been most ungenerous to do so ; but if it were not ungenerous it would have been most unwise to attempt to do so as well, and I will tell you wliy. Any system tliat attempted to cover the whole ground of national education, and disregarded and put aside all the efforts of all the systems which are at present made and administered by voluntary bodies, could not even present tlie appearance of a really effective system ; and, if it did attempt to present the appearance of an effective system, it could do so only by such an enormous burden being imposed on tlie rates as would make the very name and cause of education distasteful and unpopular." Those sentiments, the expression of which was received with applause, are welt worth' the serious attention of those who lately strove so hard to impose upon us a system of education of which the leading features were tlie proscrip tion of religion and the repudiation of voluntary efforts. Logic. — Uncle : You're going- back to school, my boy. That's rig-lit ! stick to your books, and prove yourself a worthy member of a free and enligh tened country. Nephew: It aint a free country — else I shouldn't, g-o to School. 