PUBLISHED DAILY. 11 am In tho placo whore I am demanded ot conscience to apeak the truth, and, thoroforo, tho truth I speak, Impugn it whoso nat." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Loiters and othor communications Intended for In- sertion in the news columns should bo addressed to TUB EDITOR. Rejected communications cannot bo returned undor any circumstances whatever. No notico can bo taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must bo accompanied by the nomo ond address of tho writer, not necessarily for publication, but oa a guarantco of good faith. To ovoid inconv onienco and delay to persons Interested wo havo to request thnt all business communica- tions, Including advertisements-, orders for tho paper, ond remittances, bo nddrosaed to WILSON ana MACHIM>0-, and not to TUB EBIIOB TÜESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1874. Wo .dare say that Mr. EICHARD ScnLESiNGER, who voluntarily undor took to set tlio Standard right upon tho financial position of this colony, meant well j but, unfortunately, an immense amount of mischief is being perpetually effected by well-meaning people They generally act from impulso and not upon reflection, and tho soundness of their judgmont and the accuracy of their in- formation are too often in an inverso ratio to the amiability of their intentions and the warmth of their zeal. On a question of accounts, Mr. SCIILESINGER is probably as capable of speaking as most colonists who have been devoted to mercantilo pursuits, and who havo ac- quired the leisure necessary to enable them to write an occasional letter to the London newspapers; but, as a political economist, that gentleman shines with rather a faint lustre. He tells the Standard, for example, that the industrious classes who havo the upper hand in this colony can hardly be blamed "for objecting to havo their " money expended in the importation " of labour to compote with themselves, " more especially as there aro large and " influential classes in England which " set their face against emigration, on " the ground of tho riso in wagos which " would naturally result." Now, passing over the very obvious objection to such a lino of reasoning, that two wrongs do not make one right, wo must call attention to the repetition by Mr. SCHLESINCER of two venerable fallacies, which have been so often knocked on the head that we aro fairly astonished to find their ghosts still walk- ing abroad. In the first place, any money which the state might expend for tho purposes of assisting immigra- tion, does not como out of tho pockets of'the labouring classes, but out of tho land fund, which was handed over to us by the Imperial Government, with tho implied understanding that abor- tion of it would be continued to bb- de- voted, as heretofore, to the introduction of eligible immigrants. In the second place, it is arrant nonsense to talk of labour thus introduced entering into competition with the labour already hero. If such an argument had any validity at all, the first schoonerful of sottlers from Launceston which landed on these shores would have been justified in stoutly opposing any ac- cession to the population from without, and KOBINSON CRUSOE should havo shot down that splay-footed negro who in- truded on his domain, instead of availing himself of his co-operation. And if it be an impolitic expenditure of money to lay out ¿£10 or ¿12 to introduce an able-bodied adult into Victoria, what a terrible mistako the industrious classes must be making in rearing up children at a cost of from £100 to £200 per head, every one of whom will enter into competition with themselves on reaching maturity. In this case it ia really their own money they are expending, and in order to be consistent with their anti immigration principles, thoy ought to forswear matrimony, or become enthu- siastic Malthusians. On the subject of protection to native industry Mr. ScnLESiNOEit's views are rather mixed. Ho says, if the question is to bo decided on free-trade principles, protection cannot be justified, which is equivalent to observing that if you do a sum in multiplication according to the rules of arithmetic, a wrong result is inexcusable. He is glad, however, to declare that the colony decided to work out the sum in total disregard of tho multiplication tablo. He observes " Thousands who had been brought up " to industrial pursuits which did not " exist in the colony wore attracted to " the gold-fields by tho rich discoveries " which had taken place ; and whon, " after a time, this occupation ceased to " be remunerative, except to companies " with largo capital, they naturally be " carno anxious to return lo those occu " pations to which they had been accus " tomed." Will any one be good enough to point out the factories in which these thousands of ex-diggers are employed, to specify their former occupations, and to state what is the rate of wages they are earn- ing i We showed some weeks ago, from official returns, that, at the very outside, our protective policy, after having been nine years in operation, could only be credited with having provided employment for 8,914 persons, including women and children, while there aro at least 20 industries which were flourishing under free trade, and which have derived no benefit whatever from protection, but rather the reverse. On the other hand, this ruinous policy is notoriously destroying that which ia really and truly a "native industry," namely, gold- mining, and is operating most injuriously to agriculture, by enhancing the cost of production and diminishing the exchangeable value of the fanners' produce. Mr. SeiiLEsiNGEit concludes one of his letters to the Standard in these words :-" Considering these circum " stances, there is, I maintain, some " ground for justifying that ' protection " ' to native industry ' which you havo " so severely condemned ; and until the *' consumer (who is tho party principally " interested) complains, I do not antici " pate that any alteration in the tariff, " in the direction of free trade, will bo " effected." The consumers have done little else but complain ; and it is be- ginning to be very apparent that by the time we have another general election, these complaints will becomo so general as to compel a very material modifica- tion, if not an entire reversal, of our fiscal policy: An allusion to the Darling crisis in Mr. SCHLESINGER'S letter has called forth a reply from Mr. H. L, WARDE, who was private secretary to tho late Sir C. DAIILING. AS a contribution to contemporary history, it is ono of tha most curious documents wo over read. It informs us that anarchy existed in Melbourne at the time of the crisis, " as " the crowds of excited citizens and tho " mode of exit of honourable members " through the back doora of their Houso " of Lords would testify," which is rather a novel definition of anarchy; It pronounces Sir CHARLES to have been " one of the best governors " who over guided the state ship " through the troubled waters of " colonial politics ;" and intimates that ho was recalled because ho endeavoured " to preservo the balance of power bo " tween the two contending factions ;" which is precisely what he did not do, if by " preserving the balance of power" Mr. WARDE means the maintenance of. a strict neutrality and of a dignified impartiality. Finally, this gentleman writes:-"Eeport says that the Upper " House intend to reform themselves. Let " us hope that, for the sake of their futuro " rulers (!), they will devise some means " of being got rid of when trouble ?' some." We begin to suspect from tho tone and style of this letter, that Mr. WARDE must have been the writer of that unfortunate despatch to tho Colonial Office, dated 23rd of De- cember, 18GÖ, which exposed tho late Sir CHARLES DARLING to tho animad- versions of Mr. CARDWELL. I Tho bill " to próvido for the better 1 " prevention of theft, and further to " amend tho Polico Offencos Statuto " 18G5, and other enactments," will again come before the Legislative Council this afternoon, and we trust they will deal with it in a more busi- ness-like way than on tho last occa- sion. It must have been a matter of surprise to most people that the hon. gentlemen who constitute our Upper House, should have thought it neces- sary to refer the matter to a select com- mittee. For months—we may say years past—hardly a week has gone by without tho papers being called on to chronicle some outrage committed by those precocious young scoundrels who go by the name of " larrikins." Their, boldness and blackguardism have been proved in countless cases. Even old women have not escaped their violence, while old and young, rich and poor, have at some time or other been the victims of their malevolence or ob scenity. It has been shown, over and over again, that the punishment at present awarded to those juvenile ruffians is totally inadequate to keep them in check, although we must say that we agree with the hon. member, who said that the magistrates have not made the best of the existing law. The police are frequently assaulted in their attempts to arrest or disperse the lawless bands which take possession of some parts of the city and suburbs after dark, their clothes are torn in ribbons, and their persons kicked and otherwise grievously maltreated. In the face of all these facts, we fail to see what further evidence can be wanted unless we are prepared to ignore nearly all tho records of the police courts-to say that numberless complainants have dreamt they have been assaulted, and purposely injured themselves in order to support the fiction, and that witnesses without end have recklessly perjured themselves for the purpose of injuring the unoffending youth of the country. However, perhaps it is as well for a grave and reverend body like the Council to proceed with deliberation, so we need not begrudge it the luxury of ferretting out matters of public no- toriety. Moreover, one or two matters, on which they obtained valuable testi- mony from the police, will probably lead to useful modifications of the bill. Wo must say that the objections Bo have heard urged against the lead- ing provisions of the bill up to the cresent time aro of the most frivolous description. Mr. SUMNER protests most solemnly against the horrible outrage it is proposed to put upon the "great " unpaid," by requiring that one of the adjudicating justices shall be a stipendi- ary magistrate. We think that if this gentleman will call to mind some of the people whoso names are on the commis- sion of the peace, he will see that he is only airing an imaginary grievance. He tnaysay of course-purify the roll, and we should join him in such a cry ; but while ive wish to work a reform in this respect pre do not feel inclined to hand over the children and youths of the colony to the tender mercies of justices who can only write their names in private, and whose impartiality is not always unim- peachable. If Mr. SUMNER will only think over the matter without allowing himself to be biassed in favour of a class, rrhich, while it contains many estimable persons, is not altogether free from Hack sheep, we think he will see that it would not be well to entrust local magis- trates with the power of whipping their neighbours' children. We fully admit that there are many gentlemen in the commission of the peace, acting with- out fee or reward, who are the equals of the stipendiary justices, not only in respectability, but in general capacity also. We cannot, however, take these as samples of the bulk. As a rule, for reasons which are sufficiently obvious, a police magistrate has a keener sense of his judicial responsibilities than his honorary compeer. For one thing he is more likoly to be free from local in- fluences, and we think, therefore,_ that his decisions are more likely to meet trith general acceptance. To Mr. FITZGERALD'S objections we have nothing to say. The hon. gentle- man is apparently so charmed with his youthful protégés that he cannot spare a thought for their victims. We agree with him that it would be a terrible disgrace for boys occupy- ing decent positions in society to be Subjected to a police-court whipping, but surely the knowledge that such a punishment is tho penalty attached to certain misdeeds should keep them out of mischief, and lead their parents to exercise such control over their pro- ceedings as would prevent their be- coming a nuisance and a danger to their neighbours. As we have already pointed out, it is highly improbable that tho new act will have to be enforced to any great extent. It is its deterrent effects on which wo reckon. If a great deal of flogging takes place the act will be a failure, and the larrikins will prove themselves much more hardened young ruffians than we take them to be. But, as in the case of the London garotters, we anticipate that two or three applications of the lash, at tho utmost, will effect all that is required. When one or two young rascals have been sent back howling to their companions we shall have heard the last of larrikinism. Wo leam from the Albury Ucowcr that tho systoru of duplex telegraphy is to bo brought into immediate operation between Sydney and Albury. From timo to timo no havo published accounts of tho rise and progress of thia valuablo invention, so our readers aro probably acquainted with ita nature. It is simply a plan Viheioby one wiro is mado to do the work oí two, messages boing sent simultane- ously from both ends of the line. It appears that tho raothod of working is dillcrent to that required by the old BJ «tem, and that thoro aro only a fow operators in tho Telegraph department of Now South Wales who understand it. We trust that stops aro boing taken to in- struct our own officers in the new system, so that at an early date it may bo generally understood hero. Of courso, the discovery is a vory interesting ono in a sciontiûc point of view, but its principal attraction io oidinary minds is the prospect it affords of a speedy reduction in the cost of telegraphic- communication. If ono ww can bo mado to do tho work of two, thoro can bo noronson for maintaining our prosont Bcalo of charges. We would remind Mr. RAMSAY of the great increase w business brought to his department ty tço reduction mado by tho Maopher K- Tjvernmont to ono shilling for mes- sages 'of ton words throughout Victoria, »«great has been tho success of that Judicious experiment, that there is no good reason why it should not bo carried iijrther, especially now when an increase « business would not necessitate addi- tional \urcs for its transaction. Wa think wat if tho chargo were fixed at sixpence, »veryfowyonrs would soo tho depart- ment ui receipt of as largo a revenue as M présent, while the habit of using tho telegraph which would bo fostered by tho «unction would insure an annual incre- ment m tho roturna. It may bo said, «oubtioss, that tho mossagos sent to and "»ived from some offices aro so few that no fluplox-working arrangement would «or make any differonco in their cost. fi *° doubt» is tow, but wo must i ami °f klographio Bystom as a whole, Iib,J . , ow P°tty considerations to 2 ' m tho Wfty of valuable roformo. "» ° accustom pooplo to use tho tola PPh freely, and many stations would biiri? to W whioh at prosent aro a I ""Won on tho state. In the direction r^Potntod out, Mr. RAMSAY has "opportunity of signalising his term of office, and we trust ho will not allow it to go by unimproved. One of those valuable reporta which aro periodically furnished to tho Foreign Office by HER MAJESTY'S secretaries of embassy and legation in continental capitals, has just been published in England. It deals with the financial condition of France, and bears the sig- nature of Lord LYTTON, better known to the majority of readers by his nom de plume of " OWEN MEREDITH." He estimates tho burden bequeathed to that country by the lato war at £371,520,000 sterling, or about fivo times the amount of hor annual expenditure in time of peace. Of course the loans which were raised had to bo contracted under very unfavourable circumstances. Tho bor- rowers' necessities wero the lenders' opportunity, and thus it happened that no loss a sum than £25,240,000 was expended in what may bo tormod premiums and commissions. Franco ha3 now to provide for an expenditure of £101,074,G51, of which £48,000,000 is swallowed up by the interest on the national debt. And yot Lord LYTTON assures us, so immense is the vitality of the material resources of the country, and so great is the natural elasticity of its rovonuo, that its financial condition, though difficult, is by no means despe- rate. Tho estimates of tho lato Minister of Finance for tho current year showed a deficit of £7,122,015 only, which is small relatively to the gros3 income. Wo need not enter into the scheme of taxation by which he proposed to cover it, but will briefly refer to tho com- mercial activity of Franco. It seoms that for the first nino months of 1873, tho collective export and import trade of tho country was 25 per cent, in excess of tho total value of that trade during the corresponding poriod of 18G9, the year immediately procoding tlio war ; whilo tho general prosperity of the in- ternal commerce may bo inferred from the fact of the railway receipts having been £1,160,441 moro than they wero in 1872. " On the whole," writes Lord LYTTON in conclusion, " I venturo to think that the " general, financial, and commorcial con " dition of France,'as indicatod by all " but the abovomentioned facts, must be " accounted not only satisfactory, but " quite surprisingly so, when considered " in connexion with the recent date and " disastrous results of a year of unsuc " cessful war, followed by foreign occu " pation and internal disturbance." The Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly meet this afternoon. In the Coun- cil the adjourned debates on tho second reading of the Scab Act Amendment Bill and on the second reading of tho Crimes and Offences Prevention Bill will be continued. In tho Assembly, Mr. W. Clarice will ask the minister of Mines how he purposes disposing of the £10,000 voted for prospecting for coal and gold. The Local Government Bill will be finally dealt with, and if possible Bent up to the Council. The second reading of the Public Works Loan Act Amendment Bill will be taken, and the Payment of Mem- bers Bill will be also proceeded with. The s.s. Northumberland, which arrived yesterday from London via Plymouth, con- tinues to enjoy a prosperous career. The voyage out been beon performed in first-rate time, and the vessel is full of passengers and cargo. Amongst those who have returned to Victoria by her are Mr. Wriothesley B. Noel, judge of the Insolvent Court; Mr. Boyd Cunningham, squatter; Mr. W. W. Couche, of Stuart, Couche, and Co. ; Mr. F, Walsh, late M.L.A. for East Melbourne ; Mr. Grim- wade, of Felton, Grimwade, and Co. ; and Mr. T. J. Parker, owner of the Geelong steamer Despatch. Two old favourites in theatrical circles-Miss Tilly Earl and Mr. John Edouin-have also come out in her, Another passenger—the Rev. R. Benjamin, a Jewish rabbi—has come out to officiate amongst the members of the Hebrew per- suasion here. Mr. Benjamin made himself popular on board by giving instructions in music and illustrative lectures, and he is to be presented with a conductor's silver baton. Captain Shinner was successful in gaining the goodwill and esteem of his passengers, and was presented with a cordially-worded address. The steamer is to have quick des- patch on her return voyage, and will have no difficulty in adhering to her advertised date of sailing, as her cargo is all engaged and her passenger space taken up. His Excellency Mr. Chas. Du Cane, Governor of Tasmania, and Mrs. Du Cane are amongst the pas- sengers home by the Northumberland. A very extensive consignment of canaries —1,500 in all—has arrived here in the s.s. Northumberland from London. This little army of songsters is composed of birds selected for their notes and plumage. It was annoutced in our cable message of the 10th inst. that tho steamer St. Osyth had sailed for Melbourne. Tho Melbourno agents, Messrs. Willium Crosby and Co., furnish us with a few particulars concerning the new vessel. The St. Osyth, which be- longs to the Orient line, is a large and power- ful steamer of 3,000 tons gross register, hor steam power being 500-horso powor nominal, 2,500 effective. She is classed 100 Al at Lloyd's. Tho St. Osyth is intended as the pioneer of a line of steamships for the Lou- don and Melbourne trade, and should tho present trip be successful, steps will be taken to regularly establish tho service. Tho St, Osyth loaded in the South West India Dock, and having called at Plymouth, left that port on November 5 for Melbourne. As she is a new and powerful steamer, she is ex- pected to make a quick passage. The St. Osyth is commanded by Captain R. M'Nabb. A heartlesa canara was maustnousiy cir- culated yesterday to tho effect that the iron clipper ship Lock Ard, which left here on Wednesday last for London with wool, had been lost on King's Island. The rumour could bo traced to no trustworthy authority, or indeed to any authority, and it is a pity that the promulgator could not bo mado answerable for his conduct. The turret-ship of war Cerberus was taken into the Alfred graving dock yesterday for examination. Tlio lJresDytcimn ABSemuiy rcsumuu na sittings yesterday, and disposed of a good deal of business. In the forenoon, tue reasons for dissenting from the und. ing of the assembly in tlio Kev. Mr. Jiwing s case were handed in, signed by a large number oí dissentients. The report of the Assembly-hall Committee waa adopted, as was also the report of the Loan Fund Committee. In connexion with the latter committee, however, the Rev. I. Hethering. ton resigned his position as convoner, in consequence of the assembly dociding upon granting a loan of £500 to the Hall Com- mittee out of the fund. The treasurer's accounts were submitted and adopted and the Report of the Infirm Ministers' Fund Committee was also adopted. An alteration waa made in rule C of the latter fund, reducing the minimum allow- ance to infirm ministers from £100 to £00 per annum, with an increment of £2 for every year over five years that the recipient had been in the ministry. During the evening sitting, the special committee appointed to nominate a principal for the Ladies' College brought up their report, and recommended the appointment of the Rov. G. Tait, of South Yarra, to that position. It was further recommended by a special committee that the assembly should condone any irregularities that might havo occurred in the induction and ordination of the Rov. J. Hay, of Beechworth, and that a deputa- tion, consisting of the Revs. I. Hetherington and F. R. M. Wilson, should visit Beech- worth, and report the result of their visit to tho presbytery. The report of the com- mittee on religious instruction waa next eubmittod, and after remarks from several speakers, waa adopted. At a late hour in the evening the report of the committee on the missions to the Chinese and aborigines was brought up and adopted. Owing to tho late hour and the small attendance, the -lev. Mr. Hagenauer, of the Ramahyuck Mission Station, did not give his usual address, but it was understood that he would do so on Wednesday evening. The assembly ad- journed until next morning at 10 o'clock. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Royal Society was hold yesterday evening. A paper was read by Mr. C. E. Rawlinson on the alleged discovery of some keys 15ft. below the surface on the old beach forma- tion in Corio Bay, related by Mr. C. J. La- trobe, formerly Lieutonant-Governor of the colony. The discovery was mado in 1815 or 18.G, by a man named Boucher, who was making an excavation for lime. The paper excited considerable inteicst, An ordinary monthly meeting of tho coun. eil of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria was held ot the society's rooms, Kirk's Bazaar, yesterday afternoon, Thoro were present-The Hon. Itobt. Simson (in the chair), Messrs. Murray, M'Caw, Carson, M'Phail, Makin, G. Smith, Cochrane, and Ilutchins. Among the correspondence waa aletter from the colonol-commandant, thank, ing the society for the UBO of the yards for stabling the horses belonging to the up. country cavalry. John Greaves, of Colbin abbin, wroto to the council stating that ho had a cheap and easily-applied remedy for grasshoppers, which he offered to the society for a trial on the pian of no cure no pay. j The report of the Finance Committee, re- commending payment of accounts amount- ing to £.53 17s. Od., was adopted. The secretary read the balance-sheet of the spring allow, 1874, The receipts, including £500 duo by the department of Agriculture, amounted to £1,37G 10s. lOd. The expenditure, includ- ing prizes still to be awarded, amounted to £1,050 4s. 4d., showing a balance in favour of tho society of £320 Gs. Gd. The ex pendituio during the time the show was held was proved to he considerably less than on previous occasions. After a short discus. Bion on the prospect of obtaining the sum of £5,000 for erecting the necessary buildings on the society's ground, Mr. M'Caw moved that after every monthly meeting a fresh applica- tion for this sum bo made to the Govern- ment. Mr. G. Smith seconded the résolu" tion, which was carried unanimously. The secretary was instructed to apply to Mr. H. Fisher for the use of one of hia paddocks in which to hold a trial of reapers and mowers, and failing to got permission, to ad- vertise for the use of a suitable paddock. A vote of thanks was passed to the secretary for his exertions in contributing to tho sue cess of the annual exhibition of the society. The annual meetings of the various town and borough councils throughout the colony take place to-day at noon. The business in each case is the election of a mayor for the ensuing municipal year, and the considera- tion of the annual balance-sheet of receipts and expenditure. These meetings used at one time to excite a great deal of attention, but aa a rule all municipal matters are now conducted in a very smooth and decorous manner-at any rate, in the vicinity of tho metropolis. A largely-attended meeting, presided over by Mr. 'W. Fullor, the president of the Southern Railway League, was held at the Prahran Town-hall last night, to consider the question of the route for the Melbourne and Gipps Land Railway. Resolutions were passed unanimously, condemning what is known as "the outer- circle line," on the grounds that it would prove the most expen- sive, while at the same time it would benefit only a comparatively small population. A petition for presentation to the Legislative Assembly, urging the views of the meeting on the subject, was adopted. A deputation, consisting of representatives from the muni- cipal bodies south of tho Yarra, was also appointed to wait upon tho Minister of Rail- ways, to impress upon him the necessity of adopting the most diroct route between Mel- bourne and Oakleigh. At the sitting of the Land Court today, the following matters will come on for hearing :-An application of Joseph Reeves, under part 2 of the Land Act of 18G9, for 305 acres in the parish of Yackandandah, re- commendation of tho local board, and pro- tests against the same ; application by W, J. M. Stuckey for certificate of improvements effected on his leasehold in the parish of lîeethang; appeal by Peter Kerr against ret-i_.._endation of the local land board held at Alexandra, October 6, in respect to allot- ments 3 and 5, and part of 4, parish of Taggerty. A deputation from the shire council of Metcalf, accompanied by Mr. Patterson, M.L.A., waited yesterday upon the Minister for Works, Mr. Anderson, to ask for a further grant of money for the construction of a sludge channel at Taradale. Tho morn bera of tho deputation pointed out that the work waa ono urgontly required by the dis- trict, and that its construction would prove a great boon. Tho Minister stated that undor the Local Government Bill all aid of the kind asked was given in the shape of annual endowment. There waa really no money available for the purpose of supplementing the aid already given to the shire. In reply to a question from a member of the deputa- tion, Mr. Anderson said that in many similar instances money had been applied for, but the department had adopted ono principle in dealing with all such applica- tions. In the Supreme Court yesterday, the case of Hobson v. Griffith, commenced on Satur, day, was concluded. The plaintiff sued for false imprisonment, the defence boing that ho had refused to leavo some ground at Anderson's Creek when requested to do so by Mr. Griffith. The plaintiff's case was that ho had reasonable grounds for believing that ho had a right to bo on the ground. Tho jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff-damages, £15. In the Insolvent Court yesterday John Johnson Warr, a storekeeper, of Colac, was charged on information with having obtained goods on credit by means of false representa- tions from Banka Brothers, Boll, and Co., of Melbourne, merchants. Evidence was taken in the case, which showed that the insolvent had in February last falsely represented that be only owed about £125, when he was at the time really indebted to the extent of nearly £500, and that on the strength of those re. presentations Messrs. Banks, Brothers, Bell, and Co. allowed him to have goods on credit to the amount of £87. His Honour com- mitted the prisoner for trial at the Criminal Sessions, but he was allowed out on bail in one surety of £100. The Crown prosecutor yesterday men- tioned at the Criminal Sessions that the Crown were not prepared to proceed with tho trial of Joseph Husler for the murder of hiB wife at Richmond. No reason was assigned, but wo boliovo tho fact is that tho Government modical officers aro not yet satisfied as to whother the prisoner is Bane or not. A sontenco was yesterday passoa on two larrikins at the Criminal Sessions which it is hoped will act as a warning to their class to bo cautious how thoy perpetrato tho out rages which aro unfortunately too frequent in this oity. These fellows, named Silk and Moodie, having been abundantly troatod with two others to oysters and beor by a foolish minor nowly arrived from Queens- land, who seomod to bo hirasolf content to drink lemonade, took him to a den in " Bilking-aquare," where ,he still further disbursed his cash for their benefit. Having parted with £4 in this woy he thought it was time to leave. On going outside he was violently assaulted by the two ruffians, who, however, only found in his pockets a knife and pipe. He raised an alarm, and the police coming up caught one of the offenders but missed the other. An alibi was attempted to beset up, but the account given byMoodie's friends of his whereabouts at the time of tho assault differed from that whioh he renderod himself. The jury found the prisoners guilty and his Honour Sir Redmond Barry sentenced them to six years' hard labour on the roads, in the hope that the heavy sen- tence would act as a deterrent to their asso* ciatee. In the course of a trial which took place at the Criminal Sessions yesterday, it came out that on Sunday morning, November 1, a number of low young men remained at Flanagan's Hotel, Gertrude-street, Fitzroy, drinking and gambling till after half-past 3 o'clock. Mr. G. P. Smith, in commenting on the fact, expressed regret that in their at- tempts to put down Iarrikinism the police did not use a little more exertion whilst on their beats, and seo that publichouses were ab. solutoly closed, as provided by law, at mid- night. The Government Gazette of Friday last gives the names of the following gentlemen as having been registered as legally qualified medical practitioners:—James Grant Black, Carlton; T. M. Harding, Melbourne ; and W. T. Pegus, Sandhurst. The anniversary services of the Lonsdale street Wesley Church were hold on Sunday and last evening. On Sunday, sermons wero preached in the morning and even, ing by the Rev. Thomas James, of Sand, hurst; and last evening the proceedings wero commenced by a tea meeting in the schoolroom, at which about 150 persona sat down. A public meeting was after. wardB held in the church, the chair being occupied by Mr, F. Poolman, mayor of Sand- ridge. Mr. Richard Hodgson, the treasurer of the chinch, road the annual statement of the finances, from which it appeared that the total receipts for the past year, including a credit balance from the previous year of £16710s., amounted to £868 9a. 4d. The oxpen diture for the same period was £850 7s. 10d., and there was a credit balanco to carry forward to the current year of £18 Is. Gd. The two principal items of expenditure were £34615s. 3d. for the repairs of the church, and £217 9s. 3d. for interest on the loan fund. Mr. K Whitehead, the secretary, stated that the present debt on the church was about £3,700, and there was cause for congratulation in tho position of the church, inasmuch as though the debt was about £3,500 two years ago, waa only £200 moro now, although about it £2,000 had been spent during those two years in the repairs and improvement of the church and organ. The meeting was after- wards addressed by the Revs. T. James, Shaw, and other clergymen. A case of gross misconduct by larrikins was brought under the notice of the City Bench yesterday, when a lad named Humphrey Dwyer was charged with violently assaulting George Evanson, landlord of thoQueen's Hoad Hotel, Queensberry-streot. The statement of Kvanson was to the effect that at about i o'clock on Sunday afternoon the prisoner, in company with two others, went into the house and wanted drink. Ho refused to serve them, and told them to leave the house, but they refused, and began dancing and singing in the passage. They then burst open the bar-door, and went into the bar. The landloid tried to prevent them doing further damage, whereupon the prisoner took up a bottle, and struck him on the arm with it. One of the others toole the bottlo from the prisoner, and gave the land- lord a violent blow on the forehead with it, causing a deep wound, and also assaulted the landlord's wife. Ho then took a square piece of freestone used as a receptacle for matches off the counter, and throw it at the landlord's head, but fortunately missed him. The three then left the house, and the land- lord gave information to the police. Sergeant O'Flnherty subsequently arrested the pri. soner at his father's house. The prisoner was remanded for seven days for the arrest of the others. Fresh news has been heard of the man Reynolds, who went away with a valuable horse aud buggy belonging to Mr. Garton, and left them at Broadford, beyond Kilmore, on the 11th inst., as already mentioned. On the same day, at Broadford, he changed his clothes and cut off his whiskers and mous- tache. He was Been on the 14th, near Wor- rough, 10 miles from Seymour, when ho had no clothes on but a shirt, and appeared to bo in the "horrors" from drink. He told two men who he was, and what he had done. They gave him food and a pair of moleskin trousers. He bolted from them at S o'clock the same ovening, going into the bush, and has not since been heard of. The robbery of a valuable gold watch and chain from a publican, at Dunolly, named Fearn, was reported to tho police as having taken place at tho racecourse on tho Cup Day. The police wish it to be Btated that it has been ascertained that the articles were not stolen, but wero taken caro of by a friend of Fearn. A man named James Carey, aged 35 years, residing at Moonee Ponds, was riding on Sunday evening, when he was thrown off his horse and received an injury to tho fore- head. Ho was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. Yesterday, Andrew O'Keefe, agod about -10 yoars, living at Morang, was ad- mitted to the hospital suffering from a severe wound in the forehead, caused by a stone falling on bim at South Morang wkilo ho was fishing. The stone fell off a cliff. The young man James Dennis, who was ad- mitted into the Melbourne Hospital on Satur- day, having broken his hack by a fall in a quarry at Kangaroo Ground, died in that in- stitution on Sunday night. An inquest will j be held. Tho man Laurence Hart, who is in custody for indecently assaulting a child five years of age, was brought before the Prahran Polico Court yesterday. Mr. Wisewould, who ap- peared on behalf of the prisoner, asked for a remand until next Monday, in order to moko an application to tho Executive to have tho prisoner examined, with tho view of testing his sanity. Dr. Pattorson stated that ho had known Hart for many years, and had always considered him almost an idiot. The Bonch remanded the prisoner for soven days. An act of ruffianism, committed in "tho public streets at midday on Sunday, led to a charge of unlawful assault, heard before a full bench of magistrates at tho Fit-roy 1 Police Court yesterday. The complainant, an elderly man named Thomas O'Rourke, a painter by trado, was proceeding homo from chapel at 1 o'clock on Sunday, the 8th inst., when ho waa accosted in Peel-street, Colling- wood, by Edward Brown, a young man un. known to him, who insisted upon being treated to drink by O'Rourke. This being declined, Brown immediately seized the complainant by tho nock, and throw him violently upon the ground. By the fall O'Rourke sustained injury to the knee-cap, and had his elbow bruisod, and from the effects of the attack he was still suffering lamencBS. He gave no provocation for the assault, and his testi- mony was fully substantiated by a witness As Brown mado off aftor tho occurrence tho complainant lodged information against him at the police station, giving a description o' his assailant. A warrant having been issued against Brown, ho was yostoiday morning arreBted by the police, no denied tho charge when placed boforo the Court, but the Bonch adjudged him guilty. Ho was fined 5s., with the option of 24 hours' imprisonment in do fault. * A case of sudden death occcurred at Gee- long yesterday. A person named Charlos Park, a residont of Kynoton, who has been suffering for somo time from congestion of the lungs, was admitted to the Geelong Hos- pital at 11 o'clock and diod at half-past 4 o'clock. The Pastoral Times of Saturday writes : " The Hon. Thomas Loador (chairman of Deniliquin and Moama Railway Company), Mr. Grant (engineor to MeBsrs. Clark, Pun chard, and Reeve), tho proposed contractors for the line; 'and Captain Audley Coote, the financial agent in Australia for the contraot. ing firm named, wero oxpocted at Echuca yesterday (Friday, the 13th). Clark, Pun- chará, and Roeve are an offBhoot of the once great firm of Brassy and Co., the famous railway contractors of Londou, and of world-wide renown. Mr. Brassy died a few years ago, leaving abouteight millions sterling behind him, and when he died the groat com- pany, of .which he waa the» head, split np into several companies, chief of which, wo ato told, ia that of Clark, Puuchard, aud Reeve, who have large contracts in every quarter of the globe. They have conditionally under, taken the carrying through Deniliquin and Moama Railway, all the necessary papera enabling them to do so having been sent to the firm to London. So far as can be ascer- tained, Mr. Reeve, one of the firm, who re- cently visited Deniliquin, inspecting the route of the fine, Mr. Grant, the engineer, who has been 23 years with the firm while they wore part of Brassy and Co., and Cap- tain Audley Coote, appear to havo every con- fidence in the representations of the directors of Deniliquin Railway Company, and the three gentlemen named admit that in their opinion the expected receipts and advan tages of the line aro much under- stated in the prospectus of tbo com. pany, while tho coat of tho line is much under-estimated. Thero will be a five mile wooden viaduct extending from the Murray northwards, which will be somewhat costly, otherwiso the surface over which tho line is to pass is almost dead level. Tho contractors propose to make a telegraph Uno from Echuca to Deniliquin along the railway line for their special use in emer- gencies, and altogether, should the scheme take in the London Stock Exchange, of which thero seems to bo little doubt, tho lino will be one of the most perfect in Australia, and, as wo think, tho most remunerative. In deference to tho Government at Sydnoy the gauge is to be 4ft. 8_in, (the gauge of Now South WalcB). It was thought that the ne- cessary materials for ballasting the Uno would be scarce, but large deposits of a coarse gravel wore found near to Redbank, about the contre of the line." The question of separation of Thomson Ward from the town of Geelong was again brought before the meeting of the town council last evening, and tho following reso- lution, being slightly different from that pre- viously introduced, was moved by Councillor Hopton, and seconded by Alderman Nixon, "That in the interest of the town of Geelong all opposition of this council be withdrawn to Thomson Ward being allowed to have the right to separate incorporated in the Local Government Act, the whole of the equities of the case boing arranged by the Governoi-in-Council, the boundaries as set forth in the schedule submitted to this council to be the future boundaries of the ward." Owing to a difficulty with respect to the defining of the boundaries of tho ward, the motion after some discussion was withdrawn. i "We are in a position to state with confi- dence," tho Pastoral Times says, " that as far as New South Wales is concerned, no effort will be omitted that can tend to bastón tho erection of the railway bridge over the Murray, at Echuca, aa tho Sydney Govern, ment feel that with their free trade policy, and by extending forthwith their railways to the Murray at Albury and Moama, the Sydney merchants will necessarily drive the Melbourne commerce out of tho southern and south-western districts of New South Wales." A correspondent sends us an account of the recent encounter with a lunatic at Mor- rison's, which differs in a fow details from the report of the occurrence which we copied from the Qeelonfi Advertiser. The writor also supplies the following additional informa- tion:-"Nothing moro was heard of the maniac until next morning, when Mr. Web. ster proceeded to Meredith, to communicate with the police on the matter. Ho waa ' in- formed that Senior-constablo Wilson had received similar information during tho night, and had gone to Morrison's. It ap- pears that, after the encounter at the bridge, Matthews shaped his course towards the residence of Mr. Harvey, and there made a raid on the men's hut, the result of which waa that one young fellow received sorioua injury, and had afterwards to be convoyed to the Ballarat Hospital. When this occurred, the constable was sent for, and arrived about 3 a.m., and at daylight proceeded, in com- pany with Mr. Harvey, to search for the lunatic, no was soon found, stand- ing at the edge of the Moorabool River, close to Mr. Harvey's homestead, When being arrested he stoutly resisted, but owing to the pluck and energy displayed' by Messrs. Harvey and Wilson, who stuck to him manfully, at no littlo danger to them- selves, ho was ultimately overcome and placed in a strait jacket preparatory to his removal to Geelong, where he waB brought up before their worships and remanded for medical examination." I A correspondent at Phillip Island writes : -"Cowes was tho scone of a voryploasant gathering on the 9th inst., a general holiday being held by the inhabitants. The occasion was taken advantage of to give a troat to ali the children on tho island to commemorate the opening of the new state schools. Up- wards of a hundred children assembled together on tho schoolground, Cowes, who having partaken heartily of tho good things usually provided on such occasions, prepared themselves to compete for the numerous prizes displayed before them in the shape of balla, whistles, marblea, dolls, &c.; One novel feature was introduced by tho match committee, which proved highly I acceptable, viz., that every competitor 1 should receive a prize according to merit, and this rule waa so extended that every child on tho ground received a present. Several events were well contested, the walking match between three well-known amateur "peds" of the district proving very interesting. Amongst thoao taking a pro. minent part in providing amusements for tuo juveniles wero Messrs. J. and S. West, Furze, Findlay, and others. To Mrs. J. Weat tho whole of tho company present woro under considerable obligations, as upon this and other friendly gatherings of tho kind ehe has been one of the foremost to offor her services in preparing an abundant and substantial ropaat. Dancing took place in tho evening, and waa woll kopt up till tho small boura, all present appearing to heartily enjoy thomsolvcs, and on dispersing it seemed to bo tho general opinion that the festival should be an annual one." "Amongst other products of tho South Sea Islands brought back by the sohoonor JesBie Nicoll," writes the Otago Daily Times, "isa truly peculiar animal of the crustacean species known as tho cocoa crab. It is BO designated because it chielly subsists on the fruit of the cocoa-nut tree, and is said to possess the ability of climbing tho trees and plucking the fruit thoreof. It is armed with formidable claws, with which it tears off tho husk of tho nut, and penetrates to the succu- lent kernel. The colour of this crab is mottlod red, and groy, tho body elongated in two sectiona, and the lower boing exceed- ingly mobile-not unliko that of a crayfish terminating in a thick, fat tail. This species of crab has three pairs of legs, providod with serrated extremities, ovidently intended to facilitate climbing propensities ; but the one brought by the Jessie Nicoll has lost two of its logs, the stumps of which aro, howovor, clearly discernible. It was quite feiocious when firat talton on board, und 'ehowod fight ' to the sailors by erecting itself on its tail, with its back against the bulwark, and menacing with its claws and powerful fore legs. It subsequently became tamer undor tho influonco of a coldor cllmato, and was in a Bomi-torpid stato when we inspected it. Sinco it has been on board the schooner it has entirely ubsisted on tho cocoanut with water. It partakes of the latter by throwing it into its mouth by a jerky movement of the two claws. Its habitat is eonfinod to the islands of tho Paumota or Low Archipelago. It was taken from ono of those islands to Tahiti, and then purchased by tho ownor of tho JeBSio Nicoll." Tho Otago Baily Times o£ Novomuor a | Bays:-"Two or threo weeks ago wemen» tioucd that it was probablo that tho vessel described by The Australasian as the 'Men dona, of Sydney,' and which that paper, on tho authority of a private telegram from China, said had foundered, wa, the Medora, of Christohuroh. This waa- contradicted at tho time, though information since received shows that our surmise waa correct, in so far that tho Medora is the vessel referred to in the telegram, but though injured by the typhoon she did not founder. A private telegram lately received in town, and with which we havo been courteously furnished, ia as follows : 'The vessel referred to is the Medora, of Christchurch. Sho loft Foo-ohow laden with i tea for Dunedin and Christchurch on the I 24th September, encountered a typhoon on I the 29th, and was totally dismasted, and put into Hong Kong for repairs. Her cargo 1 is partially damaged.' Another from Christ I church to her Dunedin agonts run thus : [ 'Telogram just received that the Medora was totally dismasted by typhoon of 29th September. Put into Hong Kong. Cargo partially damaged. Must discharge and dock for ropairs.' " Mr. Geo. Robertson announces that ho ia about to publish the promised Australian edition of Supernatural Religion, It will be divided into four parta, and the first part will be issued on or about tho 20th inst. The newly-formed Fitzroy band, under the leadership of Mr. nearnes, mado ita first ap- pearance in public on Saturday afternoon, at the Fitzroy Cricket- ground, and played a selection of popular music very creditably. The band, which at present numbers 22, is formed on tho model of Hallas's Sandhurst city band. M. Blondin announces another perform- ance for this afternoon, at half-past 4 o'clock. The musical drama "Rob Roy" was re peatcd last night at the Opera-house. The attendance in the dress-circle was very meagro, but the lower portion of the house waa well patronised. Tho singing portion of the entertainment went much moro smoothly "than on Saturday. The operatic and ballad entertainment by the Carandini family, at St. George's Hall, was only moderately attended last night. The performance was very woll received, Madame Carandini and Miss Funny Caran- dini being heartily applauded. Mr. Cottoroll's clever sketches excited great laughter. Mr. Perraton last night gave his first con- cert in connexion with his Athonieutu singing class in the largo hall of the Athe nioum. The attendance, owinc no doubt in somo measure to the threatening aspect of tho weathor, was very limited, but tho per- formances, both inatrumontal and vocal, of the young iadies and gentlemon, pupila of Mr. and Mrs. Perraton, appeared to be thoroughly appreciated. We have received £1 la. from C J L , for the Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Wo havo received £1 from J S W, for Mrs Lane, tho poor woman whoso case is recom- mended by the police. Wo has, a received 8s, collected by Miss Alice Dinner, of Marong, for the Burns Boys' 1 und. The committee of the Melbourne Home re ports na follows for tho month of 0-tobei, 1S74 -Registrations-Governesses, 2, ser- vants, 20. Engagements- GovornoBBOR, 2, servants, lb. Inmates-G ovornesses, 10 , servants 25 Number in Home, October <>1, staft included, 20 At the Temperance hall to night, Mr D. Blair will deliver the hist of n series of foul lectures, dealing with the argument as be tween modern scienco and faith. The sub ject of to-night's lecture ia a ''summary view of the conclusions of physical science regard- ing the constitution of the physical uni- verso " The congregation of Trinity Church, at Williamstown, ha\mg entered on possession of their new church, intend disposing of the old building, and a "farewell" tea and con- cert were held m it on Friday o\onmg list. Several localamateursof musical ability tool part in tho concert, which «as highly suc- cessful and well attended. The annual tea, concert, &-c , in aid of the funds of tho Church of England at Oakloigh will bo held m Hunt's ossombly room in that place to morrow evening. Tho double quar- tette party conducted by Mr. Julius Her/ will be composed of members of the Metropolitan Liedertafel Mrs Herz and Miss Mitchell will also take part in the entortainment The following are tho statistice for tho month of October of the Public Library, Museums, and National Gallery of Victoria -Visitors to tho institution, 31,223, visitors to the library, 22,780 Publications received under the Copyright Act, books, mnps, pamphlota, Le , 021, newspapers, &o.; Dona- tions rocoi\ ed from-America, 9, Asia 10, Australasia, 302, Europe, 10 , total, 397. The secretary of tho Victorian Eye and Far Hospital, Spring street, reporta tho con- dition of the institution for the week ond ing November 11 as follows -Indoor patients-Remaining from last i\eok, 22 , admitted, 4, discharged, 3, remaining 2 i Outdoor patients-Males, lil, females, 100; now caseB, 39-total attendance, 270 Opera- tions during the week, 5 The Committee of Management ot tuo Melbourne bailors' Home held ita usual monthly meeting on Wednesday, the 11th inst, at 2 p m The follownng mombors wore present-Meaars James Lorimer (in the chair), H It Reid, and Captain W n Smith. The superintendent reported that the daily a\erago of seamen in tho home had boon C9, and that 17G had entered durmg the month, and 171 had been reslnpped The amount deposited by seamen during the month waa £07G 14s (id , and the repayment amounted to £783 14s 5d. The tradeamen s accounta were passed for payment The annual meeting of the Fourth Victoria Permanent Property, Building and Invest, mont Socioty was held at GD i'omple court, on tho evening of Wednesday tho lltli mat , Dr. Lilienfield in the chair The îetinng president, Mr. P Davis J P, was re elected, as woro also Messrs Chambers and Turnor, tho retiring mein, bers of committee. At the close of the annual meeting a Bpecml general meeting was hold for the purpose of altering the rules, when the recommendations of tho committee woro agreed to, \vith some few verbal altera tions. 