NEWS FROM LEVUKA, ' [FROM OUR OWN BBronTEii.'J FAIR "Municipal Corporation if Levuka" (h'_,VWg been legally defunct since 10th October) met, at the Municipal Council Chamber on the beach Otlpm., On Tuesday, the 27th, and appeared to AB in good health and spirits. Those present were FAB W' M Ivor " (Mr, Otto Cudlip) and " councillors " Thompson, Evans, Truscott, Griffiths, and O'Donnell. The weird assembly confirmed the minutes of its last meeting on their being read by the "Town Clerk (Mr. T. K Smith), who performed his duties with much intelligence and energy. Preliminaries having been thus disposed of the special business of the meeting was introduced by Mr. "Councillor" Thompson. It appeared that the Hon. J. B. Thurston, the Colonial Secretary, had written an official letter to "Otto Cudlip, Esq., J.P., late Mayor of Levuka," pointing out that by virtue of, and in accordance with, the sixth article of the Deed of Cession, the writer had to I request the gentleman whom he addressed " to cause all fittings, stores, and other articles, being public property connected with the late Municipality of Levuka, to be delivered to the department under the control of the writer. The letter then proceeded to "request that all public moneys in the hands of the late municipal treasurer should be paid into the Treasury to the Public account." Mr. " Councillor " Thompson, in a warm and eloquent speech, complained of this letter, urging that " the Colonial Secretary had been discourteous, if not absolutely insulting, in addressing his Worship as the late mayor of Levuka,' and in thus assuming that the Council was defunct, lie distinctly questioned the authority of the Colonial Secretary to send any such a letter, and he finally moved that it be returned and no notice taken of it. He declared that he for one would not comply with the dictum of Mr. Thurston, and hand the property of the ratepayers over to the Colonial Treasury." The extraordinary stand taken by this gentleman against the chief executive officer of the colony was, I hear, supposed to be countenanced by a professional opinion given by Mr. Forwood. The substance of that legal opinion was to this effect That the Municipal, Council of Levuka was formed under a special Act of Parliament of the kingdom which had just been ceded, and that this Act and other laws of the country then in existence, unless specially abrogated by the new Sovereign, were still in force, and that consequently the Corporation remained in power as hitherto. Mr. Thompson's rabid motion was not seconded, and fell to the ground ; but the following motion was made by Mr. Councillor Griffiths : UJihot, in view of the powers intrusted to them by law, to which law they owe. their existence as a corporate body, this Council cannot see its way to comply with the request conveyed in the letter of the 20th instant, from the Colonial Secretary. Before giving indefinite answer on the subject, the Council requests the Colonial Secretary to obtain, and-to forward for its consideration, the opinion of the law officers of the Crown thereon. The Council would also beg very respectfully to request the Colonial Secretary to convey to them a copy of any minute in Council, by which he was induced to convey the intimation contained in his communication." In support of a motion tending thus directly to impede the undoubted . functions of the Executive, Mr. Griffiths is reported to have said that he considered it a great mistake that the Council of Levuka-having just got into working order, and so organised as to be able > to carry out great improvements should cease to exist as a body. They had made arrangements for obtaining a him to carry out certain necessary works, and, AS men of business, he thought that they were entitled to some further information from the present Government. The motion of Mr. Griffiths, having been seconded, was carried by the casting vote of the sales mayor),' after an amendment wisely proposing to hand over the whole affair to the Government at once had been lost. And so the. quarrel stands at present. Of course, the event is one that is easy to foresee. The gentlemen performing in this ghost of Council will have to be promptly made to see that such a farcical opposition to the Executive cannot be tolerated. I only mention it at this length to show how totally unfitted the people of Levuka at present are for the working of municipal institutions or representative government. _ > , " The change of Government and consequent judicial changes at rains have, since the Pearl lett, led to considerable discussion, and particularly as to the legal position involved. It is boldly asserted that the great fundamental principles of constitutional law have been violated by the substitution of an infinitesimal portion of the laws of New South Wales in lieu of the laws of the country as enacted by the late Parliament of Fiji. And various constitutional writers are,qunted;to prove that whatever may be the position which has been assumed, or taken up, by the British Government, it is not legally tenable. In " dependencies " acquired by the occupation of vacant country, the words applied by the Premier of England to Fiji were, it will be remembered," " unappropriated country "-the Common Law of England (I am told and so much of the Statute Law as a applicable to the situation and circumstances of an infant colony, is immediately in force. As the law is the birthright of every subject, wherever they go they carry their laws with them; and therefore such newly-found or newly acquired country is to be, and must be, governed by the laws of England. This is the Position returned taking the words vacant territory and " unappropriated country" to be synonymous'. On the other hand] numberless authorities are cited to show that in "dependencies" acquired by conquest or by its t ion from other Powers, the laws imposed remain in force. until due provision is made for their government, either by the Crown (exercised by Order in C juimil) or by Parliament. Mill-on Colonial Constitutions says The laws of Spain, Holland, and France are still wholly or partially in force in those colonies which Great Britain has acquired from those Powers. The French code de la Martinique, for instance, in St. Lucia, and port of the feudal laws affecting land in Lower Canada; also, four of the five branches of the Code Napoleon in the Mauritius ; the emu and customs of Normandy, as contained in Le Grand Coutumier,' or in 'La Somme de Manuel,' in the Channel Islands ; the Spanish ' Recopilación de las Indians,' in Trinidad ; the "Roman-Dutch Law of the Seven United Provinces in British Guiana, the Cape of Good Hope, and Ceylon ; the old Sicilian Laws in Malta, and the Hindoo and Mahommedan laws in British Hindostan, Nor are there wanting instances in which the laws and usages of ceded and conquered territories, though inconsistent with, and even repugnant to, those of the parent State, have been permitted to survive their annexation to the British Empire. Thus, in the celebrated case of General Picton, the question was much argued, though not finally decided, whether obtaining evidence by torture was legal in Trinidad ; polygamy has been tolerated in Ceylon, the burning of widows in India, and slavery in American dependencies." The same text writer quotes from Lord Mansfield, as follows: "Again in 1774, Lord Mansfield's judgment in Campbell v. Hall-which was a case involving the claim of the Crown to the four and a half percent, duties on exports from Gienada-attirais the same proposition, with the modification that if the King (and when I Say the king,' I always mean the King without the concurrence of Parliament has a power to alter the old, and introduce new laws in a conquered country, this legislation being subordinate to his own authority in Parliament, he cannot make any new change contrary to fundamental principles, that is to say he can- not exempt an inhabitant of such conquered country from the power of Parliament, or give them privileges exclusive of his other subjects.',' The arguments thus embodied have, during the last few days been frequently and forcibly urged so much so, that I deem it only right they should be fairly heard. The points raised must soon be legally met. ' On my arrival in Fiji I was much astonished and inconvenienced at the state of the currency, in which the silver coinages of Austria, Bolivia, Chile, France, Italy, Mexico, Prussia, Russia, Spain, and the United States of America were very freely and incomprehen- sibly mixed. To each of these kinds of coin Hume comparative value was by custom arbitrarily attached, which you neglected to remember at your own loss. The commonest and worst of these (contending with a very limited British currency was the Bolivian usually represented by what was termed a two-shilling piece with a truly hideous head of the Liberator on one side, and trees and birds, are" on the other. The thing passed freely everywhere; they recognised it even at the Bank. Still, the genuine character of the metal was a very dubious point indeed. About a week ago, however, it was first rumoured that these Bolivian pieces were beginning to be refused, and that even other foreign money, of an undoubtedly superior character such as the French and the American (U.S.) was only to pass at a strict valuation. Last Monday the rumour took a much more decided form, and the Bolivian pieces were everywhere altogether refused on the beach-all foreign money that did pass being accepted at a discount. The result has been that there is every likelihood of a great improvement in the currency, but (as I fear to the loss of many poor persons, especially to the petty traders and to the natives. It is a curious fact that the natives have always manifested a liking for these resign jaeces-the star *U*<* was? the? task set reluctance (and part with as soon as possible) bring ' English sixpences and threepenny bits Copper they 'left it entirely, calling it " Dead Man's Money." It is to be feared ns euch Fijian hoards up his savings? in ,hi«wnistbeH-thatthe loss of many hundreds of pounds of hard-earned foreign trash (like the Bolivian two shilling piece), will eventually be found to have further conduced to the misery and the poverty of the native race. One good result to the whites will be that a genuine British currency must hereafter replace all foreign rubbish and the bank may also, perhaps, pain by the change, for the free passage of its lite-tliilling bank notes becomes as a matter of course inevitable. I hear that the bank has judiciously imported silver by the Star of the South, which arrived here on the 27th instant. Attempts are being made to force copper into circulation, but the dislike the Fijians entertain for it is so great that I much doubt the ultimate success. On the 17th instant I left Levuka in Mr. Hennings beautiful little schooner Lurline, and visited the islands of Wakaia anti Koro, returning to this town (after a short and pleasant voyage on the evening of the 20th. Besides having thus had the opportunity of Boring Dr. Brown's homestead and princely estate; on Wskais, I thus visited the village of Nassau in Gore." the great Nungnindrumu estates very fine cotton plantation, of which Mr. Hennings is the lessee and the pretty little freehold cotton plantation and country house at Nowra (near the Tua The village), belonging to Mr. S. C. Burt, the Crown Prosecutor. (On my return to Levuka, after three days'' rest, I started with a sub-lieutenant of the Dido, and, having climbed over the mountain, visited the volley of Leven in the interior of Ovuhiu, famous for its fertility and beauty, and interesting as the last stronghold of Paganism in this island. "We returned by a less precipitous path along the coast to Levuka through the native towns of Na Tovi L'ovi, Nu I'tika lau, Tuakau, Niseni, Na Koro'Koro, Draitibi, and Nnsova. The weather on our return was bail, and the water in the numerous rivers was so high that I still feel the effects of that trip. I think the particulars of my voyage in the swift sailing Lurline, and my wild ramble in the forests of OVBIUU, will prove not uninteresting to my Sydney friends. The Star of the South steamer arrived at Levuka, from Auckland, in 53 days, with a full cargo of passengers, equal to 17 J statute adults. Ships have recently arrived with "labour" from the New , Hebrides and elsewhere ; but there is not much commercial activity manifested as yet. The Mettuns hailed for Sydney on the 22nd and the old Tong in fox, Maafu, started (with his suite for Loma Lorna on the day before. ; Old Bitova is gone back to Mathuata and sows his hopeful son, Basoche. As a matter of course, fighting has been again resumed and it is reported that many more of the Mathuatans have been killed. Captain Martin, however, will doubtless ' keep a sharp look out upon both parties, and come down heavily upon the most guilty. The ex-King (the "Vunivalu") is, I hear, gone back to Bau. The weather during the last week has been very windy and constantly wet. We await the California and the Sydney mail steamers, but are doubtful whether the mail steamer from San Francisco is to call here or at Kandavu The whole system, as to the arrival and departure of mails seems to be enveloped in the pro-, youngest mystery why it should be so I cannot understand, but so it is. Over that (as over every other conceivable thing in Fiji) stands that aggravating and mystic word Malwa wait a bit iii it be I in a hurry." > r s Levuka, 30th October, 1874., [The above letter of our special reporter miscarried, but is given to show the state of affairs at the time it was written.-En ] N 