: BiELiaipTIS ' REVIVALS.' . Oil Sunday eyening Mr., W. Moffit,, one of the members of' the Christian ''Chapel,' in James street, delivered before a sparse attendance a discourse oipJc.'Modern: Revivalism-Is it from heaven or of men-?-"--The manner in which lie treated his subject was by-^comparing the conversions recorded in the New Testament with those of modern revivalism." - He said tlie New Testament- approved of and' even com manded that everything presented to mankjnd in ' the form of religion should be subjected'to the fullest investigation, and Jience he would base the-'course lie intended to take on the1 passage in I. Thcssalonians v. 21-"Prove all things :? hold fast that which is good." Before entering into his subject proper, lie pointed out that it was, an invariable rule on the part of God, when lie intended to convey to man kind a revelation of His will concerning them, to accompany the revelation by a display of power commensurate with the revelation, and thus, furnish mankind with evidence satis fackrey to prove that it was ii Divine one; He instanced, in support of this; the. circumstances' attendant .011 the command of God to.Moses, in the land of Midinn, to become leader of tlie Israelites ; :th'o delivery of the law from Mount Sinai; the miracles wrought bjr Christ to show His Divine mission ; ;ana' the ' descent of the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost. Both the old covenant: and .the new were distinguished -at their introduction by miraculous power which' proved to mankind that they were of God. Christ,, in., sending His apostles" on their last great mission,. to " preach, repentance and the remission of sins among all nations," instructed theni to' remain previously to entering upon, their mission "in the city of Jerusalem until they were endued with power fron on high this promised power was to be their credential to satisfy mankind that their mission was Divine. The apostles obeyed this injunction ; and; in fulfilment of the Saviour's promise, on tlie 'day of Pentecost, as they were assembled together, the Holy Ghost descended upon them, and " there appeared unto them'cloveri'tongues as of fire, and it sat upon each of them"-upon each of the apostles only, not the unconverted. Simultaneously'they were enabled to--speak" with tongues, nud being thus endowed, it .was a most favorable season to'declare the religion of Jesus. ; - Accoulingly Peter stood .up and de clared that this event was the fulfilment of the prophecy, of Joel-'/And it shall comex to pass in the last days, saitli God^ I wilhpour out )f my Spirit upon'all flesh;"-meaning the two jlasses of mankind, the: Jews and 'the Gentiles. 5od now. determined to: show that he was no respecter of persons, niid consequently gave Mt - pouring ; . out of the Spirit upon ill flesh jj.that was tlie two classes- of man dnd. .In the house of Cornelius, where Peter >pened the door of the Kingdom to the Gentiles', here was a similar manifestation-the Holy Ghost fell upon them, and they spoke with . tongues) Thus they had a pouring out of the Holy Spirit upon " all flesh, or representatives of all flesh-Jew and Gentile. There was no instance from the time the apostles were endued with this power of a'baptism of the Holy Spirit, of a pouring out of the Holy Spirit. This . was the fulfilment of Joel's prophecy, and in both cases the same results followed-the bring ing of miraculous power.- Therefore they never could believe in, the existence of any other manifestation unless they saw it accompanied by the same results. "The Holy Spirit in this way, through the inspired apostles, accomplished tho greatfObjecfr of itS-'missiofl, by working 'directly on men's reason and intellect > and- proving to ^lien^ the; divinity of Christ and the way of salvation. There was no abstract power of the Spirit" show here," but the power which pro* ? duced ^conversions was the power it exertW through the apostles reasoning with mankind/ convincingrlhem, aiid pfoving by works that Jesus wro the Christ of God. The converslpns thejt heard of.from time, to time were, said to be 4^jnj^V^;b^;,an;»^tracb. power of . the Holy Spirit'jvor^iiig .uppn ,nien's> minds, andThearts. It therefore1fleviatwi from the1 God-given I plan disclosed in the pages of inspiration. Another instance. of conversion rwbrded in 'tlio: Nfew Testament was that of the Ethiopian eunuch, iwhich showed* that the -Hoi)- Spirit always con vinced men of sin; through their reason «Ld judgment, presenting to theta certain arcuwQs calculated to produce conviction! And tJwHil in Stephen's discourse that he accused jjP^Jenrs of "always resisting this-Holy Spirit,""Showing that in rejecting hisword, spoken by the power\of the Spirit, they resisted the Holy Ghost. So'it was to the present time; and just to the extent they l^ceivedj. the . teaching , of the inspired apostles of Jesus, to tlmt extent were they being convinced of siif and receiving the gospel of Christ ;., and j when anything ;doviating from tliis rule wai substituted they could belieyc.i£;was from Godi; In the.case pf^hUip andth'e eunuch the Spirit rexereised*no* direct powerj^buMho man1'was! converted' thtottgh his,^rc!\spii*(niid judgment.. Thus ini comparing the conversions recorded i in: the1 -New iTestameht' with ; those of . modern revivalism! the^^found ii deviation in the ;lattcE;from the Gpd-giventpliuv and; if <so,i?ere they;could ,believe in ithenf,ijtheyj:must have apme,; .satisfactoiy^ proof -of} ,theiri divinity; in a of'.miractUpus. poweip.,£*;If,Godj- had, so c^i^^'W.inijDiii; in-.refet^n'ce\ to< mankind, it mu^t'Jbe proved by tairaculous, power,, that,He had'rdone soj or how'boujd they; be expected, to believe it? If these .prtOfs vertJ not iortft coming then they must' reject these conversions as being false'. From this it was clearly evident that it was most important they should test ovciy . things presented in the I form' i of religion ;by ;tho unerring ? standard of God's iword, which, not jritli8tanding; whftt; might be.said;abo(itit, was "profitable for doctrine, for reproof," for correc tion, tfo£ instruction in righteousness;" and'^as the power'of God unto salvation to every one that>i b^liev^d.',', . He; concluded, by. saying; ^that if ever there wasnVtimein. wniohit'^as needful .to test 'all things [presented' under the form of ! religion by the standard of God's word it was the present, , seeing there had beensomiich de ception practised on mankind in.the form of religion, so much .error in the church, the accumulation-^, centuries, and so much"super stition presented to mankind tin the rformTof religion ;;aud when they. saw . mid heard latch things 'it: 'W the' duty' of cvory person,1 wfip desired to be guided in that which was righ^ani .pure and holy, to look toGod's word andtake it as their councillor, that it might lead ! and guide them to life eternal., t' !.iT 