L. E. L, THE POETEss.-I made the acquaintance during this visit to London, of one ofthose celebrities, appearing from time to time, who are a riddle even to their beet friends, Letitia Elizabeth Landon,author of the " Improvisatrice," " The Troubadour,,' and many minor pieces which appeared occasionally (under the signature L. E. L.) in the (London) Literary Gaettle, then edited by Jerdan. Her poetry was usually eharacterized by deep feeling, sad and ro mautit ; and it had won her for the time a brilliant reputation, albeit it has scarcely outlasted the age in which she wrote. She and Thomas Moore nein, in my early youth, my favourite poets; and I had read, I think, almost every line she ever published. Great was my amazement when I met the writer ! . Pretty, careless, it seemed, lively, with just a touch of flip. pancy in her manner, she took pains to disclaim all tender or profound emotion ; speaking jestingly of everything that savoured of enthusiasm, and declariqg that whatever of sentimental appeared in her poetry was but a dressed-up copy of what others had felt and expressed, and had never actually come from her own heart. The real things, she was wont to say, were good dinners, nice suppers, handsome apartments in busy London (far preferable to the dull country !), an equipage, and all the appointments of distinguished society. I was reminded of her many years after, by a stylish young lady to whom I was introduced one evening during supper, at' the La Pierre House in Philadelphia (famed for its larder), who said little until she had tasted a smoking dish which the waiter had just set before her; but then she thawed out, exclaiming enthusiastieally," Well, this world is worth living in after all, as long as such tender loin steak as this is to be had in it." But though Misse Lndon thus sought to make herself out a more worldly character, I do not think that she really was so. She nemained to the lest the cherished favourite of a cirole of warm and de roted friends; but selfisnless doesnot win and retain for itself the love and devotion of those who see it and feel it for years in dully life. She gave me the impression of a dejected woman, whose heart had been wronged, and who thought to face it out, by deriding the dreams she had failed to realize. I do not believe that she was devoid of the devoted affection she had so often and so charmingly pourtrayed. As Maria Edgeworth has somewhere said, genuine feeling is sel dom succesefully counterfeited ; the tone of simn lated emotion is pitched either too high or too low, as deaf persons bawl or speak in a whisper. I think Miss Landon's mocking spirit was the result of some bitter, unacknowledged disappointment in early life. Here and there, in her writings, the same spirit crops out. ... . Miss Landon was but twenty-fire when I motb her. Her after story was a sad one. At the age of thirty-six she married a Mr. Maclean, who had been appointed governor of a British settlement on the coast of Africa. Bulwer (not then Lord Lytton) gave her away. At the wedding breakfast a large number of literary celebrities were present, and more than one of these took occasion toexpress, in flattering terms, their high appreciation of the amiable and talented lady from whom they were now, alas! about to part, perhaps for long years. In reply the bride groom rose and, in the coolest tone, said " he hoped Mre. Maclean would deserve these encomiums." Years afterwards, Bulwer, relating the circumstances to an intimate friend, added: " Imagine what a shock it must have been to us! The poor bride turned pale as a sheet; and not a guest at the table but deplored her fate." Itis inoonceivable how any man, with the slightest pretension, one need not say to conjugal affection, but to the common amenities of social life, could hbae uttered thecoarse,unfeeling words. When one reads that, after the lapse of a single year, the wife died at Cape Coast Castle and was buried on a rude African shore,one need not credit a vague rumour which had a certain enurrency at the time, that she hastened her escape from a wedded lot too hard to bear. Grief, isolation, and an unhealthy climate, acting on a frail body and a sensitive nature, sufll ciently account for premature death. A shudder went through the literary circles of London, when her fate was announced,-a shudder, and probably a sigh of relief and an applicatior (one word changed) of a well known line, " After life's fitful fe er, she sleeps well ii R-" obert Dale Owen" in Atlantic Monthly. JoyrINcGt ABOUT LITERATEUE AhD LITEarBTY MEN. -Who, again, can wend his way on a pilgrimage to Stratford-on-Aron, and pass through the lowly cham bers of the birthplace of Shakespeare, and sit beside his tomb in the chancel of the ancient and interesting church, without returning home to pour over the works of the immortal bard, if he never studied them before P Pilgrims poetical visit the small country church near Newstead Abbey where are "interred the bones" of perhaps the greatest genius this country has produced mince the days of Shakespeare and Milton, but which, to the eternal disgrace of the clergy concerned, who presumed to usurp the functions of the "judge of all the earth," were turned away from the very doors of the "old abbey" which can never be complete until the dead Byron is received therein. Many, too, will turn their footsteps north towards "Caledonia, stern and wild," and pay their homage to the genius of Scott at Abboteford, or lt his grave amid the ruined arches of Dryburgh Abbey-an appropriate resting-place for the poet and writer of fiction who brought to life again the dry bones of the days of chivalry, and has made us all, at every period of life from youth to ago, pore over the magic pages of the Wizard of the North. Pope sleeps in the little chureh at Twickenham, near to the villa rendered famous by his genius. Thomson at Richmond, beneath whose shades he lived and wrote; Gray in the churchyard of Stoke Pogis, where he penned his incomparable "Elegy;" Coleridge and Southey near to their " ancient walks and daily neighbourhood ;" Milton and Banyan in the heart of busy London, where so many years of the lifo of the former were'passed. Bet what a wealth of genias is there not garnered up within the sacred walls of Westminster ! Chaucer, the "Father of Eng lish Poetry," whose long sleep here dates from the year 14300, and Spenser, "the Prince of Poets in his tyme ;" the " Melancholy Cowley," em he oalls himself, and "glorious John Dryden," "rare Ben Jonson," and Francis Beaumont, " Fletcher's assoointe, Jonson's friend beloved ;" Michael Drayton and the witty Prior; Gay, author of the " Beggar's Opera," and the highly cultivated courtly Addison; the warm-hearted eccentric Johnson, and Thomas Campbell, the author of the "Pleasures of Memory" and numerous noble lyries; Abrahem Cowley, "majestic Denham," and Nicholas Rowe; Southey, equally celebrated as writer and poet; and Oliver Goldsmith, a true child of genius, whose "Vicar of Wakefield" and "Deserted Village" can surely never be surpassed. Then, not lees worthy to share this glorious "fellowship of death" are our more modern literati, Lords Macaulay and Lytton-beet known under the name of Bnlwor Thackeray, and Dickens. These are names that have made the Victorian era only less famous than the Elizabethan. Mr. Foreter, in his "Life of Dickens," has stated that the writer of " Pickwick" experienced the truth of the axiom "that publishers are bitter bad judges of an author, and are seldom safe per. sons to consult in regard to the fate or fortunes that may probably await him ;" the clever author of" Lo. thair" has also recorded his opinion that " critics are men who have failed in literature." There is, doubt less, some truth in this; but it is no less a matter of fact that critics and publishers are oftentimes less severe on writers than they are upon one another; this arises from jealousy and self-interest, which pre rents them from acknowledging the full merits of rivals, whose style or theories may be different from their own. Again, some practically-minded people gravely ask you, " What is the use of poetry ?" and, as it is of no material benefit, they regard with con tempt poets and all their works. It is said of a very great man, Sir Isaac Newton, that he acknowledged " Paradise Lost" was " a fine poem ; but," he added, "what does it prove P" The learned Bishop Hacket, says a writer, called Milton a " potty schoolboy scrib bler ;" and the celebrated Barrow, who regarded poetry as ingenious nonsense, wrote of him as "one Milton." Burnet also spoke of another poet.as " one Prior;" and Shlenatone, who chiefly owed his reputation to his imperfect imitations of Speseer, unfavourably criticised the latter. Addison also wrote contemptuously of the same great poet, whose wealth of imagination all have admired ; and yet it would appear that he did not read the "Fairy Qpeon" until fifteen years afterwards. Both Addison and Cowley found fault with COhaucer, and Dryden suggests that hie was, perhaps, too much shocked at the poet's rough and antique style to search into his humour and good sense; and doubtless many of our readers have for the same reasons refrained from more than " dipping into" the famous work of the father of English poetry. Golden c ours. TonAccorO-rtONIGa.-A fatal case of pnisoning by tobacco is reported in the Navel Medical Report just issued. It occurred (says the British Medical Jour enal) in the person of a boy of the Implacable. He had been frequently punished for chewing tobacco, and had often presented himself at the sick bay com plaining of debility, giddiness, and faintness, which were traced to the poisonous influence oftobacco. On two oecasions, he had swallowed pieces of tobacco to prevent detection. On the night of his death, he went to his hammock, telling his messmates that he felt sick. About ten minutes afterwards, the occu pant of the next hammock to his heard him breathing stertorously, and immediately tried to awake him. Finding he could not, he was conveyed to the sick bay, and at once seen by a medical officer, who found him moribund. The pupils were insensible to the in fluence of light ; and the pulse, which was scarcely perceptible, in three minutes ceased to beat. Onpost snorlem examination of the body, two small pieces of tobacco were found in the stomach. NEwe A.BT BOOT.-The reports upon the Palliser boots, which hare been tried in carious regiments for the last twelve months, having proved quite satisfae. tory, we (Army and N.'ay Odrette) understaud that about 50,000 pairs will be ordered next April. A further improvement lately introduced by Sir William Pelliser consists in placing two thin alabs of cork, reaching from too to heel, underneath the inner sole of the boot, which render the sole quite impervious to wet. The object of employing two slabs is in order that the cork in one slab may cover any flaw which may exist in the other. It is expected that these waterproof soles will confer a great boon upon all branches of the service, for there is no dcabt that the cavalry soldier, having wetted his feet on dismounted duty, often asffers severely from cold when mounted. The advantages to soldiers generally, and the improve mentin theirsanitary condition, which would arise from dry feet, need not be enlarged upon. The present infantry ankle boot costs about 12s. 6d., whereas the Palliser ankle boot costs only 10s. 6d. and as about 400,000 pairs of boots are purchased every year for the army and militia, the saving to the ouentry by the use of the Palliser boots would be sbout ?40,000 a year. Tnr SUPEhRTITroEN OF THE CU?mI :.- 'robaBly the most curious of Chinese superstitions is the fung shuy, or geomancy. The two words mean simply " wind and water;" but the true sense and import of this name for the superstition cannot be gathered from these words. The real object of the study and profession of the art offang souy is to woo the good and ward off tih evil spirits, in whose existence and power to bless or curse the Chinese apparently enter tain a profound belief. As northerly winds blow in China from October to the end of March, it is not very surprising that the natives associate with them the death of Nature, as it were, and look upon that quar tor of the compass as the one from which evil infiu ences all emanate; aend, as southerly winds prevail during the rest and more cheerful part of the year, they conclude that all good and beneficial influences come from the south ; consequently, all the temples and houses which can be so constructed are built to face the south. But, observes Mr. Moule, it is in the selection of sites for graves that the talent of the pro fessor of fung shuy is chiefly displayed. A thoroughly good situation must be one open to the south, with nothing abruptly to check the flow of the southerly blessing; and to the north there must be some hill or rising ground, some tree or other object, to check, puzzle, and defeat the tide of evil from that withering region. If the position be bad, the dead, irritated and annoyed by the unpleasant influence from the north, make known their resentment by causing sickness and other calamities to assail the family; and, finally, if the mischief is not repaired they make it wither away. Each village has its fag shuay, its luck; and the hand of the man who would cut down a lucky tree, thus letting in a stream of earees from the north, is said to be paralyzed and withered on the spot. Chinese villages are often built in squares, with houses on three sides, and the entrance opens to wards the south. The two sides, as you enter, have different degrees of honour and importance: the right hand is the green dragon, the left the white tiger; and if, by design or accident, the white tiger's head be lifted higher than the dragon's, orif any specialadvan tage be gained by the left, then the luck of the place is gone. It is interesting to notice that this superstition of fung shay, though it prevails so widely, and has taken such a deep root in the minds of the people, is yet denounced in the Sacred Edict as a capital crime. The principle of table-turning was known to the Chinese for centuries before it became popular among western nations. The plan they adopt, we are told, is to strew a table with flour or sand, and either to sus pend a writing pencil so that the goint may just touch the table, or to fix it in the rim of an inverted wicker rice basket, which must be balanced on the fingers of two persons, sitting opposite to each other. In'either case, after quiet waiting, the pencil will begin to move, and will answer any questions which may be put, by writing on the sanded table. A Chinaman has been known to consult an oracle of this nature for thepar pose of filling up some names which were wanting in his ancestral register. The difficulty of exposing this trick is very great, owing to the apparent impossibility of writing intricate Chinese charactors with a.pen aus pended by a string, simply through the .msaoulsr energy canused by the united will of the two mediams. The Chinese believe in ghosts, as will be seen by the following aceonat, giren by a Chinaaman, of one which he alleged he had himself seen. .He was ,retuo?ing from Hangehow to Ningpo in one of the large pap senger boats, carrying from twenty to thirty persons, and propelled by two sculls at the stern, with four men tracking on the bank. One evening, with a.low moon dimly ahiuing through the miit, ,the trapkere on the bank shouted loudly to the paseehgers. " They stood up in the boat, and saw, about thirty yards beyond the foremost tracker, a figure as of a man. They called out, but there was no answer; they rsan, and the ghost ran; they stood, and it stood. Whilst they were intently watching, it turned and plunged into the stream, but no ripple marked the face of the water, and there was no noise or splash as it entered. It swam over the canal, scrambled out on the other'aidb, and was seen to disappear in the mist beyond the bank!-Once a Week. A.otrr BELL.--One of the prettiest legends con neeted with bells in this empire is that of the bellse f Limeriok. It is said these bells were brought from Italy, where they had been manufactured by a young native, and finished after the toil of many years,aad that he was naturally proud of his work. "They were subsequently purchased by the prior of a nelghbouring convent, and with the profits of this sale the young Italian procured alittle villa, where be hadthe pleasure of hearing the tolling of his bell from the convent cliff, and of growing old in the bosom of domestic liappi ness. This, however, was not to continue. Insuome of those broils, whether eivil or foreign, which are the undying worm in the peace of a falleh'land, the ghie Italian was a sufferer among many. He lost his all, and after the passing of the storm found himself.pre served alone amid the wreck of fortune, friends, family, and home. The convent in which the. bella, the clefe d'eucre of his skill, were hung, was razed to the earth, and these last carried away to another land. The unfortunate owner, haunted by his memories and deserted by his hopes, became a wanderer over Europe. His hair grew grey, and his heart withered before he found a home and a friend. In this desolatiob of spirit be formed the resolution of seeking the place to which the treasures of his memory had been finally borne. He sailed for Ireland, proceeded up the Shannon; the vessel anchored in port near Limerick, and he hired a small boat for the purpose of landing. The city was now before him; and he beheld St. Mary's steeple lifting its turreted head above the smoke and mist of the old town. He seat in the stern, and looked fondly towards it. It was an evening so calm and beautiful as to remind him of his own native haven in the sweetest time of the year, the death of the spring. The broad stream appeared like one smooth mirror, and the little vessel glided through it with almost a noiseless expedition. On a sudden, amid the general stillness the boll tolled from the cathedral, the rowers rested on their oars, and the vessel went forward with the impulse it had re ceived. The old Italian looked towards the city, crossed his arms upon liis brecbt, and lay back in his seat; home, happiness, early recollections, friends, all were in the sound, and went with it to his heart. When the rowers looked round they beheld him with his face still turned towards the cathedral, but his eyes were closed, and when they landed they found him cold and dead." There may be, and probably is, some foundation for this beautiful and touching legend, but as the oldest bell in the present peal only dates back to 1613, it is manifestly impossible for it to relate to any at present in Limerick tower; it must have been to a former peal. Lost and submerged bells are popularly believed to still give forth their wailingand plaintive sound to the wayfarer, and many curious legends con nected therewith are told. Near Raleigh,in Notting hamshire, it is told, " there is a valley said to have been caused by an earthquake several hundred years ago, which swallowed up a whole village, together with a church. Formerly it was a custom for the people to assemble in this valley on Christmas Day, to listen to the ringing of the bells beneath them; this, it was positively asserted, might be heard by puttinc the oar to the ground and hearkening attentively." The same belief obtains ataplace called "The Church," at Kilgrimol, near Blackpool, where on Christmas Eve the bells are said to be heard pealing most merrily by anyone who bonds his ear to the ground.-Church man's Skilling Magaozine. A H?Im?Doa Ya.ws S??ea.-.Mr. Mattinson, the curate of Patterdale, who died about the year 1770, for fifty-six years officiated at the small "chapel with the yew-tree," at the foot of St. Sunday's Crag. Has ordinary income was generally £12 a year, and never above £18. He married and lived comfortably, and had four children, all of whom he christened and mar ried, educating his son, and sending him to college. He buried his mother ; married his father, and buried him ; christened his wife, and published his own banns of marriage in the church. He lived to the age of ninety-six, and died worth £1000. It has been al leged that this provident curate assisted his wife to card and spin the tithe wool which fell to his lot, viz., one-third; and hetsaghta school which brought him in about £5 a year; that his wife was skilful and eminent as a midwife, performing her functions for the smell sum of Is.; but, as according to the ancient custom, she was likewise cook at the christening din ner, she received some culinary perquisites which somewhat increased her profits. On the day of her marriage, her father boasted that his two daughters were married to the best two men in Patterdale, the priest and the bag- piper.-"TheEnglishLake C(untr-j." One of the twenty gold metals given by the Empress Augusta for the purpose of rewarding those persons who hare this year exhibited the best articles for the care of the sick and wounded in war, has been awarded to the Crown Princess of the German Empire, for the model of an improved hospital barrack, executed by h. Jacobi, an architect at Homburg, from drawings and descriptions of her Royal Highness. On being informed by the committee of the award, the Crown Princess at once decided that the medal shound be sent to M. Jacobi, who has shown great skill in the construction of the model. 