The question of how religious instruction is to be imparted to. the rising generation is one which, if. the present system of secular education continues, will shortly have to be discussed with much earnestness ; and will also have to be considered with carefulness when its importance becomes fully realised. Perhaps it may bo thought by some that its discussion is altogether outside the province of the newspaper Press ; but we do not think sq. The Press has a large share in the responsibility of having brought about the present system of compulsory education, and as in deference to sectarian prejudices the exclusion of religion became a necessity in the new regime which it advocated and still upholds, it is only fair, that it should eudeavor to repair the apparent injury done to the cause of religious training by sug gesting new channels through which that training can be given, or by saying a word in support of those which already exist. Let it not be supposed that we have any wish, in the present writing, to undervalue in any way the working of the, present Education Act ; we simply deplore the necessity which exists in this, as it did also in the system immediately preceding it, of excluding religion from public schools in order that children of all creeds might participate in the benefits of secular education ; and having acknowledged that necessity when it first became evident, our efforts have always, been, directed to the promotion of that suc cess whioh has since attended the operation of compulsory education. It would seem, however, that there is a danger of our placing the State school teachers in a posi tion somewhat analagous to - that occupied by the ancient Sophists, in that their efforts are to be confined sdlely to , the inculcation of such Knowledge as may serve the chil dren for success in life, with a- disregard of the high morality which should influence the ways and means in which that success shall be obtained ; and without the proba bility of a Christian Socrates arising to fulfil the mission formerly undertaken by (lie great heathen of that name, by causing men to sift aiid search into the vaiu specula tions to which the human mind is prone .(especially when cultivated) if not sufficiently 'grounded in religious faith ; and this alto gether apart from the danger of the increased spread of atheism, which many persons regard as the inevitable consequence of our present system o£ national education. Religion having b.eon excludod from our schools, and having also suffered a previous discouragement by the gradual cessation of State aid, are we to consider that we have received a final dictum that its teaching to the young is to be altogether ignored ? As a professedly Christian nation we must give a decided negative to such a proposition, and as the State is debarred from giving its assistance,, the matter must be - taken in hand by the people themselves, or the pos session of religious knowledge must become to a great' extent the result of accident, or -what is perhaps quite as bad — that of a i morbid or fanatical inclination to the study of it, in our future generations. To our mind no religious instruction to the young ever equals that - given by parents, and especially when conveyed in a pleqsing manner, by an intelligent and well-informed mother, as being more simple, enduring, ana enecuve ior uu necessary purposes. But many parents are unfitted for this task, and more are unwilling to undertake it in these days when the worry and turmoil of the struggle to live make up the greater portion of life itself. The Sabbath school tpaclier must then be looked upon as the chief religious instructor of youth in this country for the future. Sabbath schools have always been regarded as useful insti tutions in this country for many years ; but in the future they will possess increased importance in the eyes of those who value the moral training of their children. Fortu nately wo possess three of these institutions in Avoca, so that the inhabitants have 'no occasion to complain of want of " accommo dation " in this respect. They are all well managed, and possess teachers of acknow ledged ability, and who give evidence of having first studied well the Iossods they impart to the children ; but the main com- nlnint is that narents neglect to avail them- selves of the religious instruction offered for their children — this being as "free" also a9 the secular education of the State schools. Although the Sunday schools have always appeared to us to be well attended, yet, com paring the horde of juveniles which daily swarm out of the State schools with the number which appears in the Sunday classes, the complaint does not seem to be without foundation. As, however, parents begin to realise the responsibility cast upon them by the introduction of a national education purely secular, the attendance will, without doubt, he largely increased. Another com plaint is that the schools are not supported as they should be, and as the annual ex penses of a Sabbath school amount to com paratively a trifling sum, it is a pity that the efforts of teachers should be retarded for want of the little money necessary for the purchase of Bibles, hymnbooks, rewards, and for the replenishing of the school libraries. If we judge the popular mind aright, the Sabbath school institution will soon have increased recognition of its useful ness, and with that an increased measure of support aud this latter surely cannot be begrudged when parents remember that their children receive secular education" without, any- direct outlay. It is feared tliat gold mining operations on the ground of the Melbourne and Avoca Company have now ceased, at least for some years to come. The propecty/waa put up by auction yesterday and to day and has been sold in separate parcels to different purchasers, with the exception of the land, which is reserved for a higher price than that offered. The sale was well attended by mining men from Melbourne, Ballarat, Sandhurst and Maryborough, but the lots were disposed of very much under their Yalue. We cannot think that the rich deposits of gold known to exist in this ground will be allowed to remain very long undis turbed, and we look forward hopefully to Beeing another company operating, with better success, on the claim in a no very distant future. Just before going to press, we were informed that there is a probability of several local men uniting tQ purchase the ground, with a view of -starting another com pany. In the Police Court on Wednesday last, Mr Garr spoke of the so called " Married Women's Pro perty Act " as one which " led to unnatural results and fraudulent purposes." We believe that many other persons will fully endorse the magisterial opinion ; while if any proof- were wanted of the opportunity which it furnishes for dishonesty, ft will be found in the case which called forth Mr Oarr's remark. A certain horse, seized by the County Court bailiff from a carter named Stock- - ham, under a warrant of execution, was" sought to be recovered by Mrs Stockham ou the ; ground that it was her own individual property under the statute; and other property was also claimed by Mrs Stockham in conjunction with a man named Driver, it being stated that the two had entered in to a partnership;1 or become "mates," as timber carriers. It appeared that the existence of tlfe; husband was altogether ignored as far as any owner ship in the stock-in-trade was concerned, but was evidently expected to undertake all the responsi bilities of -the firm, and to work Mrs Stockham's share. The Bench could. not be prevailed upon to so far strain the interpretation of the law, and stated in most emphatic term's that the proceedings taken pointed to a dishonest purpose to defraud the execution creditor. - The stream of wool teams en routc to the seaboard has now fairly commenced for the present season At almost any hour of. the day. heavily laden waggons drawn by long teams of .bullocks, may be seen passing through the town from the northward, and in a few weeks' time the number of these will -be largely increased. The most of the teams go to Ballarat instead of taking advantage of- the Mary borough railway, and this is probably accounted for -by the fact that the goods sheds at the last named town are not yet ready to take charge of loading, aud some of the wool is also consigned directly to Geelong instead of Melbourne. Wh?n the Avoca railway is completed the wool will no doubt" be un loaded here for transmission to Melbourne or Geelong, pia Maryborough, as the rail from the lat ter town to Baliara.t will then be finished. .According to an announcement contained in ano ther column, it will be observed that the anniver sary sermons of the Avoca Presbyteriau Church will be preaohed by the Rev. J. Srueaton, of Maryborough/ on : Sunday next; 2Dth - instant. A tea meeting will ' take place" on the following Tuesdays, which, if it equals the former efforts made by the ladies of this congregation, will be well worthy of success. Several reverend gentlemen of acknowledged ability as public speakers arc ex pected to address the public meeting after the tea. There is veryjittle to report in raining: for the past week, most of the mines in the neighborhood / . r / . 7. . . being still in that peculiar slate of unproductive progress known as " development." Shareholders are, however, anything but desponding, and the best results are looked for in the future,' The Monte Christo battery started crushing for the tributors at mid-day on Tuesday, and about- forty- tons had been put through up to last evening There about twenty tons, or over, still to be crushed, and the cleaning up will take place to morrow. We have been informed that the tables are looking remarkably well: The " Perseverance - contractors have only about thirty- feet to drive to complete the tunnel to the poiut where the reef is expected to be struck, and as they have been lately making an average .of eight feet per week it is estimated that stone will be touched in about a month from the present time. A little girl of ab.out three years of age, the daughter of Mr Charles Knight, had a narrow escape from serious-injury by burning yesterday evening. ' Some boys had lighted a fire on the hill at the back of the town, near Mr Knight's resi dence, aud then left it burning; some, smaller children were attracted to the spot, and a spark must have caught the dress of the child alluded to1 Her screams brought several of the neighbors to her assistance, who extinguished the fire in the girl's clothes, when it was found that she bad sustained some severe burns on the shoulder. Had the child worn a dress of, a lighter or more inflammable material there is-every probability that she would have been burned to dea,th. A football' match between twenty players from Sandhurst and - an equal number of the Mary- borough men, willbe played in the Prince's Park Maryborough, to- morrow. Writing about the recent gales at Kiama, the correspondent of the Sydney Evemng News says : " Upon the high roads in the vicinity of Saddle back and Jamberoo, the ravages of fire were added ku utic uuuuio ui rviuu) attu hi ic ucokiutuuu ui perty was considerable. Some six or seven families have had their dwellings consumed, and in some cases it gave the inmates all they could do to save their bodies from the flames. A family of the name of Ellwood barely had time to escape into a tunnel, where they had opened the coal seam crop ping out in that locality. They were no sooner in the tunnel than the fire swept over and around them, and, passing on with the speed of the blast, swept the unfortunate man's house and all its contents out of existence, Had it not been for the proximity of the coal tunnel Ellwood and all his family must have perished in the flames, as escape in any other direction was out of the question. The casualties are so numerous that it would be an endless task to particularise one-half of them. The oldest inhabitant— and we have some pretty antiquated ones in this district — never experienced anything to equal the fury of the gale on Sunday night. The high wind which accompanied the burning of Gerringong a few years since, was considered to be of unparalleled violence in the district, but it was only a breeze in comparison with the hurricane of Sunday night, which, along with the other damage it occasioned, levelled pro bably 100 miles of fencing. The Pleasant Creek News is responsible for the following good story : — A most unfortunate exchange of property is reported to have occurred here recently, as a consequence of the joviality of two residents of this district. They had been spending the day at Stawell, in the" transaction of business, and when evening came passed a few hours iu social intercourse, The night was far advanced when they left the hotel they had chosen as a rendezvous, and when they mounted their horses at the door the animals were more intelli gent than their masters, who, as they separated, allowed they steeds to choose the road. The nags were used to this work, and one cantered off towards Great Western, while the other trotted soberly on towards another outlying centre of settle ment. Unfortunately in the dark each had mounted the other's horse, and when the spouse of Mr B. rose on hearing the well known sound of old Surefoot's hoof, and went to admit her husband, she found a stranger. Her trouble was in no way lessened when she found that A. was unable to explain, and in fact fell fast asleep in a chair ' as soon as he entered the house. Meanwhile B. fared even worse. He jogged along on his friend's pony until he reached thelatter's residence, and pulled up in due course before the door. Mrs A., how ever, as a lady of spirit, felt it incumbent upon her to punish drunkenness in her spouse, and before her supposed husband had time to notice that he was in a strange country she belabored him soundly with' a stout switch. He. roared, lustily,' and became almost sober by the time that his assaiiaut dis covered her mistake, and mingled her apologies with inquiries for her missing lord. Messrs A. and B. have since arranged that they will never again ride horses of the same color when coming to Stawell to spend the evening. More Art Union !— At a numerously attended meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, held at Craig's Hotel (Mr R. Le Poer Trench, chairman), on Tuesday afternoon, it was unanimously resolved : " That the committee be authorised by this meet ing to hold a lottery on the art-union principle, the the capital of which shall be £10,000 in 10,000 tickets of £1 each, in aid of the funds of the club, and to pay off the debt now existing ; all details to be left to the committee." The consent of the Attorney-General has been obtained. A man, who is believed to be au escaped lunatic, has been frightening people at Hawthorn, by going about at night in a white sheet as a ghost. One young girl named Brookfield, a servant, was so frightened by him that she had a succession of fits, and had to be sent home by her mistress. The unfortunate man who has been the cause of this has been, it is reported, found dead in a waterhole at Boroondara. The Egmont, from Noumea to Sydney, brings advices that Admiral Ribourt's inquiry into the cause of the escape of M. Rochefort and his com panions from New Caledonia; has resulted in the chief officers of the deportation department being deposed and sent back to France ; also the Captain of the port of Noumea, -M. Gerdolle, the receiver of lands, three medical officers, and twelve military overseers. Three were- relieved from civil duties and returned to militaiy. Admiral Ribourt failed to catch the last mail at Fiji, and returned to Sydney. He leayes for France by the Cyph- renes. A Royal Commission has b.een appoipted to make preliminary inquiries and enter into negotiations relative to the forthcoming Intercolonial Exhibition iu Philadelphia; in 1876. Ic is, we believe; in tended to ascertain whether some concerted action on behalf of the whole of the Australian colonies cannot be agreed to. The commission consists -of Sir Redmond Barry (chairman), the Hon, J. C. Jehner, M.L.C. ; the Hon. J, F. Sullivan, M.L.A. ; the Hon. J. J. Casey, M.L.A. ; Mr MUlwraith, Mayor of Melbourne ; Mr Munro, M.L.A. ; and: Mr Sherrard (of M'Arthur, Sherrard, and Cope- landl. Mr. G. G. Levey has been appointed secretary. — Araits. A shocking sight was recently witnessed at Illa- warra. The Mercury of recent date says The furious westerly wind by which the district has been visited during the past tew days has been the means of disclosing several ghastly and painful sights at the old Roman Catholic burial ground, near the lagoon. The said graveyard being a amdbank on the sea shore, the late "winds have blown the sand away in many parts to a depth of several feet, the result being that several coffins, with all that now exists of the mortal remains- deposited within them, have been exposed to view, No less than nearly a dczen such remnants of coffins and humanity have been reinterred by the police during the last clay or two. In many instances only the forms of the coffins can be traced in the sand, but. in every case the larger bones of the dead thus disentombed may be found in their respective positionr, 