MY SUNDAY OUT. "Please M'm this is my Sunday evening out ; can I go now ?" " No Jane, I can't let you go out to night. Master Freddy is unwell, and you must remain with him. ' And Jane left the room with a sorrow ful countenance. She was dressed ready for setting out on her few hours' leave of absence. She had put on her best bonnet, with the cheny-coloured ribbons, and had a large brooch fastening her shawl, and was even drawing on a pair of gloves as she came into the room. She had no thought of being disappointed, for the mistress had octroys a constitution to her domestics regulating their Sunday even ings out ; but with the despotism of a sovereign she had revoked the edict, and relegated her subject back to the nursery with Master Freddy as a companion. Poor Jaue. The little walk that you looked forward to with Tom or Harry is swept away, and he, poor fellow, will keep that appointment, wearily waiting, and at last turn home with great sadness at heart, and think his Jane faithless, and that she was promenading with some more favoured beau ; and Jane goes up stairs to the nursery and pets Master Freddy and hashes him to sleep, and never vents her feelings by as much as one angry slap upon the tempting shonl- ders of that peevish brat. Poor Jane it was hard on thee that after thy toil and moil thou could'st not , have thy Sunday evening out, and I swear that thy sad face as thou departest the room spoilt my evening's enjoyment and rose up constantly, like some re proachful ghost between thy mistress and myself, and made her otherwise pleasant laugh have an edge on it ! You and I, sir, when we are dis appointed, are not given to turn away and bear it with a sad countenance. We '?me and swear, we inveigh the Fates, and ibuse our wives, and are cross with our children, and if we are annoyed, why, sir, the world shall know it. If we have a tristesse of our own, shall our wives dare to laugh or be merry ? You, sir, had made up your mind to go to the opera, but yon dilly dallied about engaging a seat till the last moment, and then the place that you wanted next the charming widow, Mrs Sadweeds, was taken and you were annoyed, aud yon wouldn't go at all, and came home and bullied your wife instead. You mow you did, sir. Yon swore at :er because the dinner had to he.rechau.ffe, ind you forgot that yon were an hour ate, and yon whipped Miss Polly and tent her howling to bed, and you boxed he ears of Tom, and then you dranktbree .-amblers of whiskey and water, aud went to bed crosser than ever, and your poor rife had to creep in beside yon snd listen to yonr railing until sleep over- ;ame you — and all, through your own hult, yon were disappointed out of an ivening's pleasure. Think of Jaue's sad ace, Bir ; had she not a right to vent her "eelings and call her mistress a tyrant ; ind yet she went npstairs instead, and at meekly fay the side of Master Freddy. Miss Eosie yon little puss, you re member that pic-nic that you hoped to attend with a certain militaiy gentleman, and how you got up betimes in the morning and dressed your charming person with more than usual care, and had on your saucy little gipsy hat by nine o'clock, and were coaxing on those delicate straw-coloured kids, waiting for the carriage to come round, when plash, plash, plash, came down the rain, and great streams were tumbling from the housetops and great streams ran gurgling along the streets, and there was no pic nic for yon that day ! How yon tagged off those gloves, Miss, and tore them up all the back, and flnng yonr hat to one end of the room, and stamped np and down, pausing occasionally at the win dow to play an ugly tattoo on the pane, while yon scowled and pouted at the torrents without, and if you thought on the matter at all, must have objogated a certain Mr. Longfellow and his insane eong about the beautifolraia 1 Eosie, ma belle, think of how meekly the nursery maid tnrned from her cavalier and went np to the nnrseiy. Do we think enough of our servants ? Madam, Jane and Mary are not mere machiues, for whose use you hare paid so much, and if you only give them food to enable them to work and some corner that you can shove them into at night, you have not done your duty. It were better for you, madam, and better for them if they were machines; but un fortunately they are human, and have souls and passions and instincts and feelings, and if we pinch them they feel it ; and if we prick them they bleed. It is inconvenient, bat unfortunately it is true. You have feelings, my darling Mrs. Crnmpton, and yon indulge them, you pamper your sensibilities. Are you sad 1 You can have quiet and soothing friends, and pleasant music, and people are con siderate. But Mary downstairs is reading a letter and yon ring the bell, and she crushes the scrawl into her pocket and wipes her eye with her sleeve, and comes in with the tea-urn, and yon scold her because those muffius are a little burned, and yon don't know that that letter she crushed away into her pocket announced the death of a dear sister, and you scold and scold and scold, and she gulps down her tears and serves yon for so much a month, and there is no clause in the bond allowing her to weep. Master Freddy must be amused, and poor Jane with a splitting headache goes np and sings and soothes his piercing cries, while yon have the room darkened and the children kept away, and cooling lotions applied to yuur forehead, madam, when it aches ; bat Jane is only one of the semi, another race of people, who have no right to be ill God help them 1 They have their sicknesses and their headaches, and their bitter disappointments. Tom marries some one else ; brother Dick is sent to the penitentaaiy ; father becomes a drunkard ; their own health is bad, they are dying of consumption, and they bend their shoulders to the yoke. If .they serve faithfully, they get their scanty wages and they are barked at and scolded, and when sickness comes, fling them out ; let them go to their hospitals or their homes, or some other proper place; but don't trouble my lady about such canaille.' Do not grudge Jane her Snnday out, and let her have it with a kind word. We are all better for a little recreation. The merchant after his toil at the desk, the school-boy after Ins labours with in presents, the student after his struggle with Mill and Hnriey, the yonng lady after her season of balls and. roots, and gaities, and dancing, and late bed-going, all are better for relaxation, a little_ fold ing of the arms, and a little wandering down some shady lanes and angling by pleasant waters, and ewhangiiig fte' desk and the college for the crashing, stifling drawing-room for a little flirtation by moonlight over the rustic gates or in downy arbour. And if Jane can only run down the street and hang on the arm of the police man or saunter away with Harry, and forget Master Freddy and servitude for an hour, while the dreams of the boy-god " who sharpens his arrows on the whet stone of the human heart," do not grudge it. God loveth a cheerful giver, if it be only a Snnday evening oat to the little flag, the serva servorum in the scullery. — Canadian Illustrated A etas. 