THE COMjOOQSPEL. ' ' your; Launceston Correspondent having been, by some of our readers,' charged with exaggera- tion as to the tone of the Saturday Review, on the subject of revivals in Scotland, while others have asked to be allowed to read the whole text for themselves, we repeat the Saturday fyview's ar violet and to our contemporary, not to us, is due the above heading j-, It appears that far some months past much excitement has been produced in Edinburgh and other towns in Scotland, by the singular exercises of, a couple of itinerant Americans Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey. For a very long time qq onter^nynety has, been go popular in Edinburgh as that and goes by the name of these gentleman. It is attended by overflowing audiences. Crowds of enthusiasts follow the performers from one place to another, for it is part of their system to have as much variety as possible, and to hold their meeting of all sorts of different buildings, in town halls', lecture rooms, and churches of all denominations. The meetings are held at all hours of the day, and some are far young men, some for mothers, squeezer fathers, others for young women, clerks, students or little children. Curiosity is, stimulated by huge placards on the walls, and several periodicals command, a large sale by describing the performances The nature of the exhibition, is stated in the following announcement ,-rî'At 0 30 p re., Mr. Moody will preach the Gospel. Mr. Sankey will sing the Gospel," Mr. Moody,^qd^Mr. hankey are Americans, from Chicago and we learn from one of the, organs that their visit to Scotland was prompted by, a feeling that the churches there stood specially in need of the application of those breaker, livelier, more, direct t, modes of appeal which are characteristic of, America " My. Moody, we are further, told, is " not a man of much education or culture Tia manner in abrupt and blunt ; his speech bristles with Ameri- canisms ; his voice is sharp, rapid, and collo- quial.'" He is remarkable for his want of sanctimoniousness and '' a play of humour spurts out sometimes in his most serious addresses." He interlards his lectures with droll or wonderful stories, or, as the writer puts it, " he has in his pqssaa,a¡Qn a large number of incidents and experiences well filled to throw light on the points lie employs them to elucidate, and to clinch the appeals which he uses them to enforced In the. intervals of Mr. Moody's lectures, Mr. Sankey sings hymns. " Abhorring the notion of providing a musical entertainment merely to please those who are not in the Kingdom of God,!' he seeks to move by truth expressed in the most winning tones." It is also " in subservience to spiritual ends that Mr. Sankey uses the harmonium, " Sankey's ' ' Sacred S, solos are sold by the thousand and his example and exhortations are also said, to have, given great impulse to the trade in hacra.qniu.ms. The sort of eiiter^airnqont which is thus presented may be gathered from the descriptions given. by persons who, profess to have on-, eyed it. " We are having a very good time just now," writes; one old Formality has, got his neck , broken." " On Friday night," says another, after " Mr. Moody's solemn word, there seemed to be a great smashing up of souls' The audience is alternately moved to laughter and tears. The 'Gospel is, preached, not only with the pronunciation, but in the dialect of Chicago and the result is no doubt something very different from that to which Scotch congregation's are accustomed. Jokes, slang stories, and sensational exclamations are freely interspersed. Mr. Moody's strange accents and " spurts of humour" work up the people into a state of excitement in which it is as easy to cry as laugh. A parable translated into the' language of Artemus Ward, and enlivened by touches of Yankee wit, is a novel sensation, and the effect is enhanced by a sudden change to startling throats of damnation, and appeals to come and be saved. Then comes Sankey's lively solo, sung in a very good style to a melody that might pass for a secular in a worldly concert room, but for the words. People who go only to be amused, as most of the, audience go, are provided with a curious and racy entertain- ment, quite as good in its way as the Christy Minstrels. Others organ impressible tempore ment are thrown into more or less violent paroxysms of- hysterical emotion. Those who are acquainted with the history of revivals will recognise in the agitation which has been carried on in Edinburgh and elsewhere, a repetition, in a slightly modified form, of the ordinary type of these disorders There are different methods of getting intoxicated, "and this is one of them. Nothing is easier than for a skilled and daring export in revivalism to work upon, the nerves and feelings of weak, susceptible persons, so as to throw the blood to the head, and bring on all the symptoms of violent excitement One of Mr. Moody's disciples. has designated him the " Lightning Minister of the Lightning City," and there can be no doubt that his performance is of a very rousing kinds In common revivals mere shouting and shrieking answer the purpose of the operators,, but Mr. Moody's exercises are of a more artistic quality. Friends of the movement, mingled with the audience, also lent their aid. They pounce upon anyone who seems to be moved, and pour in their exhortations and there are also private rooms to which cases of distress are conveyed. "'About forty," says one account, " confessed that they were new converts, and about forty stood up as anxious to be saved, and were asked to go to the other side of the hall, where they were conversed with." A servant-girl is described as sweeping like an inundation. The " workers" in attendance on her had to keep her constantly supplied with a change of fresh pocket-handkerchiefs and dry hymn books. Another time Mr Moody called upon seven gentlemen on the platform to tell the company how they were saved. " Most of them were well-known men, a minister, a colonel in the army, a merchant, a sheriff, a doctor, a nobleman, and a captain in the navy. The effect was mar voices." Prayers were offered up for an " uncle who is an infidel," for " a family, the father an avowed infidel, and the mother and, children unconverted," for a clergyman of the Church of Ireland who is imbued with with Rationalistic errors." At one of the meetings the experiences of a young lady were given as part of the entertainment. " For an hour she sat in the greatest agony ; her hands were clasped, her eyeballs looked as if they would start from their sockets." Even children are worked upon little children of eight or inn c with all the terrifying formula of the Revivalist school., A little boy illustrated his faith by remarking that, if his sister received an offer of marriage from a very rich man who had promised she should live in a fine mansion, would she not be very foolish to refuse such an offer - At one meeting we are told of " a dear little boy, about nine years of age, at most ton, who was crying as if his little heart would break," while a " kindly father-like man " was torturing the poor child with things to deep for him to understand. We road of a book which was sent to another child containing three leaves-one white, the next blood red, and the third white', indicating salva- tion. " You can't have too much blood," is Moody's motto. It is said to be too soon to estimate the results of the agitation which has been carried on by these expedients ; but it is not very difficult to anticipate what, judging from former experience, they are likely to be It is impossible to imagine anything more unwholesome ned debilitating than the sort of morbid excitement and hysterical rapture which is thus cultivated j and in other cases the consequence has invariably been a reaction of a deplorable kind. In the country districts of Scotland revivals have usually left their mark in an increase of drunkenness and a scandalous addition to the Registrar- General's statistics, of illegitimacy. In Edinburgh, the boat and frenzy have probably been low intense than might be supposed, from the extravagant language of the organs of the movement. It can readily be understood that, as one of these paper says, "hundreds of young persons who were formerly accustomed to go to the theatre, opera, and pantomime, gave up deliberately, and from choice and the force of conviction attended the prayer meetings ; " but he explanation in a great many cases is, no doubt, that the prayer meetings were found to be more amusing and stimulating. One of Mr ( goody's most " screaming hits," as they say in' the play bills, is a mock representation of a court of law for the trial of Jesus Christ. He asks the congregation to Consider itself a court at inquiry, and nominates one of the ministers present to be used and to call in the witnesses, who are then examined with Yankee freedom and jocularity by Mr. Moody. Pilate's wife is called Mrs. Pilate, and among the other witnesses are the Apostles, the angels, and the Deity. This sort of roaring fun goes beyond anything on the stage. It is hard to say whether the treatment of' religion in this manner does most harm by bringing sacred things into ridicule, by afflicting some feeble minds with idle agony, or by overbalancing others with the inflation of self righteous arrogance and conceit. There is not the faintest trace of educated intelligence or spiritual elevation in Mr. Moody's harangues. They are a mere gabble of texts, interspersed withgrotesqueorsensationalanecdotes,andBpioed with vulgar American slang. The, most extraordinary feature of the agitation is, that should be connived at and patronised by the clergy of Edith burgh and other towns. It is obvious that if Moody and Sankey are right in their mode of preaching the Gospel, and if the success of these performances is really a great awakening" and the " power of the Holy Ghost in Scotland," the ordinary services of religion must be a melancholy farce. Everybody who has been in Scotland must have been struck with the severe endurance and fortitude with WhicH a Scotch congregation sits out, not only a long and dreary sermon, but: a series of prayers which are the worst sort of sermons in disguise and it is not surprising that the Scotch laity should be thankful for a little relaxation. But that the ministers themselves should come forward in this manner to proclaim publicly that their whole system is a failure, and waste of time is really strange. It roost he still more wonderful if, in supporting and recommending Messrs. Moody and Sankey, they do not see that they are condemning themselves. Either a great awakening is good for their flocks, or it is not if it is, why do they not take measures to bring it about on their own account The only justification which to offered for the eccentricities and buffooneries of the Yankee propaganda, is simply that the end justifies the means, and that the great things to produce an impression on the public mind, zip matter how It would, appear, therefore, that sermons had better be abandoned for singing and story- telling, and there is no logical reason why the reform should stop here. The banjo and the bones might be substituted for the harmonium, and Mr. Sankey's solos might be occasionally varied by a little dancing. The Panton, Flip-flag Fandango would be an appropriate accompaniment to Mr. Moody's * * spurts of humour '' and select anecdotes. If it is to be understood that it is the business of Christian churches to compete, as the British Evangelist holds, with " the theatre, opera,, and pantomime," why is the competition left to those American gentlemen It is stated that Messrs. Moody and Sankey may shortly be expected in London ;' but they will perhaps discover that their line of business has already been pretty well remarked at the Tabernacle and elsewhere. !_J . ¡ 