SOUTfl AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST \ A8SO0IA$K-N. - ' FIRST DAY. \- The annual meetings of £he South Australian Baptist Association were commenced on Tues day evening, September 22, by a public meet ing, which was held in the Lecture Hall, adjoining, the Flinders-street Church. There was a large attendance. The Rev. H. J. Lam bert presided. After prayer had been offered, and a hymn sung, . . . . The Chaibman read ills address, aa follows :— 'fcHE METHOD OV CHTHSTTAiBr TtlfttfVALS. 'pear Brethren— Christian Revivals -their philosophy, their need, their recurrence, their* dfLtiDwria- anti t.hpir hiaasarfnARS-^COnstitnte. a the present time, the subject of deepest thought and enquiry among God's people almost every where ; their discussion, therefore, in this address will be considered appropriate, and we believe will interest all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. I have not selected my subject—' The Method of Christian Revivals'— with any thought of presenting what is novel, but simply and earnestly to remind the. brethren that bur 'God is waiting to be: gracious,' and that if the Churches really desire and seek true revival, the blessing will -be realised. With the sincere prayer -that God will direct us, and our own words for good, we' enter upon pur tatk. . . , ' We would not presume to judge the spiritual condition of -any seotion of the Church of our Lord j but generally throughout the world does' -she not appear to be more or less tainted with idolatry and corruption — to be cold, with icep tiqism, frigid with old creeds and traditions,' torn. with envy and jealous rivalries, or para lysed with the voluptuousness of ritualism, with mammon-worship, and a spirit of fashionable worldinuis ? And . does sbe not thus present a very different aspect from that whioh charac terised her; when, fresh from Pentecostal fulness of life, she first met the world ; perfeot — not so much in doctrine, or sacraments, or communion, as. perfect in her devetedness to the Master, in her continual prayers, and in her bold &tbful; witness for the truth as it is in Jesus ? In those: days thousands were converted under one ser mon, all remaining steadfast in the Apostles' doctrine, and zealously active. Now, with her great efforts and elaborate services, the -Church scarcely does more than hold her own in pro portion in the world's population. 'Throughout her history, however, the Church : has ?? enjoyed many seasons of sweet refreshing — times of true revival, when her spiritual vision and affections hava been reen kindled ; and in the light ? which has come freshly from her Lord she has experienced renewed strength and iov. Christ has never forsaken. His pi ople, and all the powers of His presence and might lie about us to-day no less than they did in Apostolic times. Bearing: in mind -the fulness of Divine Graoe, which Christ has placed within His people's teach, of whioh, if we * ask,' we ' shall receive ;' and remembering the wonderful success of -the Ohurch. in times of true revival, we all must feel, if it be possible -for us to receive re newed conseoration and power, then from this time- we -will 'not cease to cry, ' Wilt Thou not revive us again j that Thy people may rejoice [*Thee?* r' For many months past we have been cheered with good news from home. Whole oommuni-. ties, especially in Scotland, have been strangely moved by a power we believe to : be Divine. Marvels of spiritual awakening have been wrought, at which art, science, and philosophy upon their seats of learning stare with wonder. Calm *nd keenly-observant men— e.ff., Pro fessor Charteris, Drs. Blackie, and Bonar, and Cairns, and Thomson, and Pulsford— men re presenting various schools of thought — are all agreed, with devout and thankful hearts, in ascribing these great spiritual results to God. And it is impossible for us not to feel interested. We pray for like blessings. But while God's breath is thus inpving among His people, and in many parts the Church ia receiving fresh impulses and direotion for good, it becomes us to do more than feel an interest— we should act for ourselves ; we should watch and' pray, and so spread our sails that, like the skilled mariner, we may catch the gracious breeze, and be carried forward to better and brighter ex periences of Christian' life. ' We would clearly distinguish between re vival and revivalism. With revivalism we have no sympathy whatever. Too often it resorts to novel and very questionable means of mere excitement, such as extravagant and coarse addresses, impudent and conceited de nouncements, tne tnrusnng same et an tnat is quiet and sober in the conducting of ser vices, and the introduction of only what is noisy and demonstrative. Fear and selfin terest are appealed to as incentives- to an ex pression .of decision ' for God. We do not object to an unscholarly man pleading with men for their souls' salvation. His English may be bad or ills rhetoric faulty ; but if his heart be tender and his soul breathful with the love of the Saviour. we heartily bid him God speed. God has often chosen the weak things of the world to confound the mighty. But such means as are of ten employed by those whe are styled revivalists, offend the taste of Christian meq, bewilder the judgment, and altogether violate the fitness of spiritual methods, for se curing spiritual ends. Any semblance of success and details of particular cases of conversion . are eagerly published, tinder such influences too often the type of Christian character formed is weak, while the result generally is not true religion, but meiely exaggerated feeling — a kind of un natural emotion ia relation to religion. All this is ininrions and tends to excite confidence in over-stimulated sensation rather than in a sound faith ; and the result is repugnance and aversion in the minds . of many intelligent. Christians against revivals or against any special means being employed in their promo, tion. . ' A Christian revival is not of necessity just any movement called . religious, where human feeling may be deeply stirred and which maybe promoted by a so- called revivalist Giving the name, whether to men, meeting!, or movements, will never constitute a true revival*' ???*?.? . j ) ' In a -genuine revival of spiritual life there is presupposed toiave been a decline or falling away. Those who did run well in the race have grown weary and been hindered— those wno Wltn noiy DoioneiB -anq earnest purpose did fight * the good fight of faith* have become faint and feeble, and have unbelted the sword, laid aside the helmet, and stepped out of the battle-field. With such there is return and re newal of consecration. Among those who have backslidden, and declined into coldness, ' the fountains of sin are broken up ;' there is the conviction of guilt because of this condition, and with -true penijence-of -heart there is the spirit of fresh devotedness to God and & raw berinnine of obedience. Then, further, there «re -many in our Churches who, after ones -partaking of the; saving grace of Godi never seem to make any, advance beyond a spiritual -babyhood, but cry continually to be fondled by mother Church, and to be fed upon milk diluted and sweetened ; instead of by healthy exercise growing- into strength, and entering the lists to do battle for the Lord. Such are aroused in a true revival to seek a Eigher Christian life and a more ad vanced spiritual state. Where a large number of persons -together arer thtas similarly moved there is revival, ami where sudh is Sxpeneneed there quickly follows an awakening among the unsaved.' . .... ' _? **To bring about suoh a conditional things, ?pedal agents, or agencies 'are often, and not always unwisely, employed ; and as a rule the peciality of such season of work is a quickening and deepening o£ the -emotional, life-r-rt he emo-. tion, of course, stojold be moral, and not merely; animal.* Feelingis ohieflyappealed to, and rightly so, because with Christians, mostly, it is the feel ing that is not equal to the knowledge. Only recently we had it reported that of 600 con versions in Newcastle, England, all except 20 had been trained, in the Sunday-sphool; and throughout Scotland, where such large blessings have been enjoyed, tne numbers aided to the Church have been chiefly ohildxen pt God's people— those whose minds have been intellir gently informed in the doctrines of God's Word, w Jb»art ^ft -o^ thewwill *? Mutton; Iq4 ; highly, culturedjlt wMd; be.irupOBsible fora great religious movement which has to do with the affections, and even the- passions, not to produces something that will jar or. shock refined thought or cultivated taste— accor- ding to men's temperaments there might even be in some cases, hysteria. Yet on these grounds are. we to deny or refuse suoh movements rfor :good ? Were, we aVe to de termine or control the progress of our' Lord's Kangdom we Bhotddno doubt greatly piefera quiet and continuous advance, however rapid. But this is not ours to choose. Throughout the Church's history progress has been made, notin a straight line, but in - circles.'. The tide of spiritual life has. moved on, not with -smooth ' and regular fljw, but in' waves, the force and sweep of which hava appeared at times resist less. There have been summer and winter — seasons when .the fields, have been haxd, and the trees bare of fault or blossom or even leaf ; and there have been seasons' when, under .the warm breath of a spiritual spring-time, , the life has risen revealing its presence in rich foliage and abundant fruit, and the fields have again yielded their increase; t3uoh alternations may apt be the highest ideal of growth, but such Have'-feeon;; aid 4a *o Jar j» . -we ore able to 'discern,'- sudden aad rapid, changes have eharacterlwd -the lift of the Ohnroh. When Buoa revival seasons recur among us we need lot wonder at iome acoompanying exoitetneats. If we have faith in the old story of Pentecost we shall deem them possible; and even ^nobable. Do not let us demur at this ; neither, presume to prescribe unto God what accidentals shall attend His gracious workv Let us lather rejoice in that we receive the blessing at His haaas. Better to have Ufe even with some extrava gance rather rthan a dead form, although there might be all the .symmetry and loveliness; of sculptured marble. 'A live dog is better than a dead lion.' . ' Under the. old , economy God evidently 'made prOvMon: for seasons -6f revival. At the great feasts held' annually the. whole Jewish people gathered together from every village and homestead throughout the land ; and mer chants sad traders even from foreign cities .as sembled in Jerusalem to worship God. Then, as they gazed upon the beautiful Temple; so associated with their whole history, linking the very humblest of their race with these glo rious forefathers who- had walked and talked with God ; and as mingling together they .wor shipped before the veil spread over ths burning glory of the Shekinah, and listened to the Psalms of David hymning from so many voices, their deepest feelings would be stirred, and the great heart of the nation would be lifted nearer God. By such special means God* con tributed to the maintenance of religion among his people. ' ' The . rapid spread of the Christian Ohurch during the first, second, and third centuries may be justly regarded as a continuous suooession of revivals. From this period to the beginning, of the thirteenth century there does not appear to have been any large 'outpouring of the Holy Spirit ; ' but afterwards came the great Reforma tion, ushered in by Wycliffe, and Hubs, and Luther. In later days occurred the: reforms or revivals under Wbitefield and the brothers Wesley; more recently still the revivals in America, Ireland, and various parts of Great Britain; and now in our own day in Scotland. *' Thus almost all the true life of the Ohurch has been produced by means ©f what we may term revivals. God has -taken advantage' of human excitability in oider to produce pewetful impressions, and lead- men - into obedience. Owing to our natural inclinations towards the world, and the many influences drawing us away from the spiritual, we nsed these mighty impulses now and again to prevent us from sinking Into utter coldness and death. Think of the present state, of the Church. Does it not seem as though a heavy slumber had rested upon us, or a palsy had smitten us ; that the visible world which is perishing should appear to be the only real world^ and the spiritual world, the truths of heaven and hell, sinners perishing 'around us, and' the all-sufficiency of God's grace, seem facts far away and shadowy ! If Christendom were really Christian, if pro fessors really believed instead of believing that they believe, if men were logical and consistent, the dread of damnation and the earnest seeking of life everlasting would constitute a phase of wonderful power In every intelligent soul Believing as we do the great truths of God's Word, is it not marvellous that revivals only recur at intervals ? Did we really believe, this condition of life would be normal and regular in every Christian Church. We seem, indeed, to have been caught in the backwater of a re ceding wave ; there appears so little confidence in our beliefs, so little warmth and flow in our love, and so little enthusiasm in our service. 'Seeing, however, that as in nature, so in the spiritual life of the Churoa, there come seasons of renewal and revival, the allimpor tant question arises — Under what conditions can revival blessings be enjoyed, or in how far and to what extent can we promote a Christian revival? ''Power belongeth unto God.' m *Not by might,: nor by power, but by. my Spirit, saith your God.' This, however, does not exclude method in the divine operations. That ' power belongeth unto God ' is equally true in nature, and yet we should never dream of securing health or gathering a harvest without conform ? ing to certain conditions and applying certain practical laws. Christians are far too prone to regard a -revival of religion as some peculiar and miraculous event — something altogether beyond the reach of human influence or agency, and in no way earning under the ordinary rules of cause and effect, or showing any connection between means and the result. Such a doctrine is certainly not in harmony with any of Gdd's acknowledged methods of procedure, and-for the Ohurch to adopt would prove most dan gerous. ' r ' ' ' . 'On every hand we observe the operation of law ; and uniformly the Divine procedure is so regulated as to be available on Cur behalf. Great physical forces everywhere offer themselves for our use-1— the rain to : soften the soil, the sun to ripen the corn, and the winds to waft our ships and bear our ? cargoes home. Lei: mftn act in sympathy with, nature, and apply the. powers, within bis reach, and 4hey will pour the tides of their strength through all his labors, and yield him abundant good. Let man, on the other hand, think that bis labor interferes with the sovereignty of God; or detracts from the Divine hpnor y and then, in stead of turning up the furrows of. his fields, or spreading his sails to the breeze, let him. .fold his hands sentimentally, and wait God's time Jor prosperity— his fields will never laugh, with harvest! nor will his ships .ever reach their pert. ? . - ' ' ? , ' ' ' . r ' Just as truly, there are near and about us In the epMtu'al realm infinite diyjne forces ; and while all power belongeth unto God, so fchatv in the conversion and sanctification\of a single soul. He is supreme in His prerogative of bestowing the. blessing, yet in these gracious icts He is a God of order; and just as there is method in all ^ His other works, so there must be method here/ God, if the powers of His grace improperly invoked; will undoubtedly, ^readily md adequately respond. : He 'is waiting to be (radons j' yet the Church* refusing to «mploy ;he proper means, -dreams on it» vague expecta sion. ? ' ? ?..-..-? '.-.?_? 'It is certainly the will of God-that toen ihould be saved, and as certainly that the eternal uid unchanging God Is always willing tbatonen ihould be saved. It cannot be that God act* by its and starts, feeling graciously disposed at me time— e-sr., in tines of revival— and 4hen ;hrough long seasons of coldness in the Church, ;eelirig altogether indifferent. Neither can our 3od be partial, cherishing different affections 'or His children :-ln one land and His children n another land. Whatever Divine sovereignty neans, it certainly cannot mean that because He wills it, and for ad other reason, He is withholding from us Bis blessings of mercy and Kwer. The reason for winter is not that the Ian changes — that. It isonore distant or less varm. ' All the difference to us of summer and rinter results from the attitude or position the larth herself takeB in her own orbit.' Depend ipon it, there is nothing our God. so intensely lesires as -the salvation of men; a^nd this ihould' be'' clearly reook&ised.; . an4 fulH ad tke world, «nd praub ^£0 QoxpM' i^ eirerf t oreatnnbV He *now 4»iiimandetli all meii everywhere .to cepen*. - ... . . . - ~r 'One condition in the plan God has devised . and revealed to us is that His grace shall reach' men through man. God Himself, In visiting our world and dealing .with mankind, ' was' manifest ic th»^eshV^ anan Jesus -Christ Of the early digdpWwark we re^a, '.The Lord wrought with them,! or by means of them. ? The Sfirit of the .Lord caught away Philip1. &Bx; order' that Philip . m^ht evangelise at AzotusT Granting, then, that man is the medium through \- whioh God is pleased to bless our race, we come to the enquiry— W-at is the law or method which affects us, and by means' of which the great work of grace, seen and felt more parti cularly in times of revival, is produced and con trolled? rv 'A true Christian revival is God's work, and bom from, above ; so that to 'get «pra revival ' Is a -phrase and a aeatiment altogether^out of place. For. a. true revival fo.be experienced then, must Ho on the part --f God's people the exeroiM-pf much faith and prayer ; but under lying these as their foundation there must be real sympathy with God. Indeed, all religious life tnight.be thus defined— supreme sympathy or oneness of. feeling with Him— 5n Bis love for all that is holy and true, but hatred of aU that' is evil— in His tender compassion for .the sinner, but hatred 'against His sin. And throughout, the 'Church true spiritual health, is Ja genuine sympathy, with God. The* Divine method is to act wherever there is this true sym pathy, or- wherever thare^is the susceptibility to His influences. 'He is waiting 'to. be gra cious ;' but He works through us, and where there is the Absence 1 of true sympathy there the operatiens of God are hindered, and His power is limited or restrained. Without doubt, the -laok of power in the. Church to-day may be traced to the lack of this feeling. Wecan not be Tevived until we. are willing to be re vived, and also willing to yield ourselves up to the claims - and demands of a revived life. Many in our Churches want a revival which will not involve much trouble or inconvenience, or that will cost no self-sacrifice. Nearly all Christian professors say we need and desire God'* Spirit. Let us pray for it. And we urge by all means pray for the blessing. But, brethren, let us see to it also that we are true and sincere. . How many shams there are in Christ's Church ! Each one by membership in the Church has professed himself to be not his own, but Christ's — bought with His precious blood —and to His service he has vowedhimself. Yet with how many, from Monday until Sator-i day, almost the first and lastthought is about self — the chief question being how best to advance personal interests rather than God's work. How intense are the strain and energy devoted to laying up of this world's goods, or the securing of earthly jpower, while the ;claims of a perishing world, are unheeded 1 Men profess in their creed, to .worship God, but they prove in their conduct, which all men read, that Jehovah is dethroned in their temple, and the od they orship and serve is mammon. Now, this self seeking and want of thoroughness and sincerity are altogether out of sympathy with the Spirit of God, which is holy and lovjing and true. As in the case of .Ananias, part of the price, is held back, and in God's sight this is a. lie; which grieves; His Holy iSpirit, and, prevents His in dwelling presence. - Whenever the world opines between m and God's' light, there must be night ' and darkness.. .... ' . . , 'In our Lord Jesus Christ we have the perfect , exsmplifioatiou of -a complete sympathy with God. ;In him dwelt the fulness of the Godhead bodily. - He could say, ' I and thu Father are one.1 How:His life was expressed in prayer ^and labor. And for an illustration of this sympathy, ruling in the hearts of a community, so as to promote a true spiritual' revival, we may con sider the first Christian Church, at Jerusalem. Here were men who knew the truth, and understood their mission in the world, but felt they heeded force in carrying the truth to others. To them Jesus had Jthus spoken : — 'Behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you ; bat tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high.' And this- was., emphatically the endow ment of Pentecost. In that upper room the disciples waited and received the Holy Ghost, who enlightened ? their -understandings, gave force to their will, reality to their cha racter, and intensity to all their life. And you may observe, it was when sympathy ruled their hearts, when they * were ail with , .one accord in one place,' they received the promised . blessing. Throughout the ten days and nights . during whioh the disciples waited, they never' wearied or lost sight, of the Master^s promise. None left the little- company, or disappointed with the delay turned, to other parsuits. They went up to the Temple regularly at the hour of worship, and between these times gathered together for meditation and prayer. They waited and pleaded, pleaded and waited. At length on the morning of tho tenth day, when their hearts weie evidently prepared — when 'they were all with one accord in one place,' the precious promise was fulfilled. ' Thus is has ever been. Where among God's people perfect sympathy with the Divine ob tained, there has been manifest the full in dwelling of God. But, brethren, this Is not our case ; and lacking this sympathy with God, we lack the very condition upon whioh true revival blessings can be received. We scarcely realise to what a lamentable extent the Church of Christ is out of sympathy with her Lord's work. We have the promise that nations shall be born in a . day;, and yet, .suppose that the whole of our city, all classes, high and low, were now deeply moved with an earnest concern about eternity, and B&lvation;, -each eagerly - addressing the other, saying ''Let us come together and pray; let us seek the Lord's mercy' — men giving up a portion of the day fromJausiness or pleasure for worship any prayer— hundreds being converted —the telegraph lines bearing glad messages to all parts of the land telling of the Lord's deal ings witii up here— what would be thought by professing Christians? All would wonder, many would be incredulous, and seme would object to the .gracious movement as containing too much excitement and interfering' with trade. When we are prepared, as was that, -early Church — our hearts in full sympathy with God and His work — then' He who is waiting to be graoious will not delay to bless. With. & mighty fulness will He take possession of our spirits, moving us forward with a common impulse as the rushing wind through the forest turns every leaf on every tree in the one direction of the gale. . '.'.'? '_ *' Faith, prayer, and effort all hold a most important plaice in the method of Christian revivals. Bach must be in exercise. But true ?sympathy with God implies the possession of faith, and will most assuredly express itself in prayer and effort. * '? Prayer is the appointed means by whieh 'God's people' shall obtain blessing— the prayer K-f faith He will always hear. By His sure ^promises we can lay hold of God, and say, ' We .will not let Thee go except thou bless us.' As God gives harvest to those who obey the laws of husbandry, so He gives blessings in answer 'to prayer. It is the Divine law; and because .God does not change His order, we always,! through prayer, gain spiritual gifts which 'otherwise we never should enjoy. He in ' spires' the prayer, and can and does respond.; But prayer must be distinct and definite.3 The blind manlor3Cteng'iameariHda=t-Have mercy upon me, thou Son of. David;', jand our Lord's' answer to that -'prayer was;- *Whist - wilt thou that I should do unto thee?' When the man shaped the burden of - his neec ^to.^ definite- TequertT^'Lptd./ibat I might receive my .jlght'-r-the blessing was at once ;ffoen. Through theMoemtexies .*jHe voice ^of cprayer has ; not^oeased, ^neither has the Lord's ? ear been heavy fiiaV It has not.heard ; .but too «ften the prayer has, been indefinite. 'To-daa L j&e.Lord;&sks; Hispep9le-f What will ye thai ? :I«hoald donvntoj^eu?'. We need now to define ' . onr needs— -Lord&at; we might reoeive re t ,Dew^d jife— life in pur own souls, in our duties : C4 at tome and in the jnajr|, in our /jOhurch work (. and -every, servioe.' It may be. with us as with \- Israel in thej»lden time— God waits to bestow tV.e gifts ; yet to do these thiiigs He will be en q,f«d of by the house of Israel ; not by one family --r one individual, but by the wholehouse. Were -he Church as a whole in sympathy witi reS^oda' come, P When MJ^^^rWi' the wood j^par^./atdifie saoflfibe lald^pop the wooa, theii tri answer'^ Hr^eryth'e fire cam-1dow2u There muit beiri.oBrChurbhes''t Fast' abiourit of fuel prepared. .'' There areimbw ledge. and experience 'resulting ?from -years 6V labor. We need the fire from 'God ft kindle3 all into living kaorlfioS;' Were we readir to cry witH faith the fire would oomo. The waterpdts are ill filled. Had we faith enough .to draw out now we should abubtiess and all ehauged into the true ifihe ot His kingdom. ' Effort also enters into the method bf 'Chris- tian ' revivals ; and such in the use of appro priate means will, be prompted by true sym* patby witii God.' In .so far as by preaching effort is made to arouse men, the doctrines held and taught must be according to the Scriptures — the Father's tender, pitying love for sinners, the Saviour's all-sufficient atone ment and intercessory work; ' the. Holy Spirit's regenerating and sanctifying influences through the - . Wprd;' 'These' teachings . have - aver been God'« 'power' unto the salva tion, of^ etery one that . believeth, whether rude barbarian' or polished Greek. Our re lources.are quite equal to our work; ; for how aver feeble we are, One is with us whoBe mightMs Omnipotent. Were we in true, syni pathyc with GoOj we should all -of u-be .out seeking souls, holding more iieetiijg*, 'attd- in prayers, and labors ' more ab'unaant. When thfireiis' a correct apprehension of these great ; truths of revelation, with a just recognition of the responsibOities they involve— when the feeling is equal to the knowledge, and e&ch; Ohurch-member aooepts the obligation,' let him that heareth say come,' then will 'there be % iwide-spreai awakening, and sinners will be Bonverted unto God, *' There still remains the practical question— 'How on man's pkrt is this. spiritual condition to be attained-?1 . Christian revival is revival of fch« inner epiritual life ;' the work must there fore commence with the individual. 'Theremustbeho&eBtself-examination.; Very few of tis, were we honestly to search' our hearts and affections, our lives and conduct, but would find in one or other or feoth, reasons why Clod's blessings are restrained. On6 of the firstthings we need in order to bring about a better state of things is to deal honestly with our own con sciences. To what a low ebb has pur personal ?piritual life become reduced? How-languid arid torpid! What little true consecration, to the Ma3ter, or reality and enthusiasm in His servioe 3o we realise ! What little disposition have we to make sacrifice for the sake of others!' We love eur own plans and possessions and enjoy ments far more than His work, and would much rather indulge our love of ease than exert our selves for. His sake. Have we ever spoken faithfully to another about his soul ? Do we not often, perhaps constantly, stay away without justifiable reason from the regular, meeting for prayer,; when our presence and sympathy. would greatly encourage those who are working? In how far has a worldtiness of spirit taken posses sion ot. me? Is it possible that I can find more interest and zest . ia an evening at sards, or in an opera-house, than I do in seeking to win a ?soul; for Christ? Dp I ' really feel more uudous as to the Fashion or appearance of my iress than for the possession of. spiritaal graces ? [f we are honest with ourselvesivery ma.ny.of us trill scarcely wonder that God's might is jjo little . felt In our midst; ' ' '?'''[ ,''''' ; ''There must be humble acceptances of all7 blamei Let us be calm and faithf nl in our self - iudgment. And if, In view of His claims, and ' but privileges,' we recognise eur spiritual state to be poor an4 miserable and low, letnis humbly ujknowledge our guilt. It Is not- our Lord's will that we should be thus weak. We have neglected ourselves, and been unfaithful. When jut consciousness of blame is deepened we snail be disposed to seek that dear Lord whom we nave forsaken, but, who pleads with us tore-' burn, and. is waiting to renew our strength. ' 'There must be faithful recourse to Jesus Dhristfpr renewed' consecration. Often, when men are conscious of feebleness or failure, they ieek to reuse themselves by spasmodic, efforts of lelf-oendemnatioB and 'fresh vows of devotion. But working from their own feelings merely, their vows soon fade and fail, and they sink ' into a condition more gloomy arid fatal than 9ver. Christ is our life, and fellowship -with Him alone can renew, strengthen, and mature the inner life. Our life has not an independent axistonce. It flows from Him as the stream laws from ite fountain springs, or light from the sun. 'As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the' vine, no .more can re except ye abide in me/* 'Communion with; Him is real power. When like a branch in the ' tree we abide in Him, then like the sap He will' Aide and move in us. ? ' ' 'There must be a ready response in our con luct to the graoious influences of God. Were this spirit common throughout the Church of Ohrist, there would he no need for fresh or novel appliances or forced excitements. The brae spirit of the Saviour, perfect sympathy with the Divine, would pour its living strength through all our ordinary plans of work — Sun- lay-schools, Bible-olasses, and home.. instruc- tion. The machinery is not broken, but only needs impelling power, and that we should realise in the spirit ot Christ. - ' Dear Brethren, we may BUrely. indulge the hope that all have dome together to thesi meetings earnestly desiring the blessing of : God ; and we trust that when we 'BhalTreturn to our respective homes and spheres of labor; it will be with an increased spirit of oonseora tion. to our Lord. Whatever may be our opi nions as to the means we should adopt in order to promote revival in our work, let ub not depend upon any novelty of form or teaching, but simply upon the Master and the power of His might. Let us humbly and earnestly seek fram the Lord' a spirit of loving unity and devotedness. By such communion with Him to whom belongeth all power, -we. shall be made better men, better ministers, and better - members of iEs one Church. ' We do believe in prayer, and in united prayer.' As one praotioal outcome of this occasion,- -could not the -Churches here -repre- sented agree upon concerted action, to plead with God for revival blessings ; that ata date to be fixed special 5ervioesilurinK one week should be held in all our.. Ghurohes throughout the colony? Such speoial services woald-enrely stir the hearts of many of our- people, and acoom plfeh much good. Attention1 to divine things would be awakened, and self-examination, with more earnest prayer and effort, would result. From every part of the land the cry would arise,, which cry God would hear and answer, 'Wilt Thou not revive us .again, that -Thy people may rejoice in Thee? '? The Bev. J. M. Day, in moving that a vote of thanks be awarded to the Chairman for ik address, said he ooidially -npporfed the sugges tion it contained with regard to the institution iaf revival services. How, he thought, a stepin that direction might be takes; (Applause.) The Bev. J. L. Pabsohb seconded. The ad dress, he said,' had one merit— it was iime^. In other lands the great religibus -revival bad been stirring the Chris'tiaii public, arid he be lieved that theberiefits of Che movement should be extended 'to South .Australia: The did re viral in the time of Nehemiab, they knew, was brought about by the -reading if the Word, and he had .seen it itsjbdfiiia*' the revival - of Jonathan Edwards began by the 'deliverance vf plain dootrinal ^ernioiis. - However thef«iod might fee effected,, they were broughTTback 4o the simple Question— * great %wa3ceiunjf 4i«d ?etin amongst Ohristlari people? andthey must be earnttstnow initrying *b ftnS but Fwhat was the best way to Secure a^ermMienoe «rf such Divlne'favof. T The Hft« the Holy SpiHtf he believed, was wifli them; Tney«aa in- their hands ther-meaas' ofteedirig' wttf^Che 4*i»h i^ose who -were huog*rlBg, -^ria1 «tough «ie method of prbceeamJwaVnor.eas^r-aefinea, they should use- the -poorer promptlyiand -well. (Applause^) _ ^Be had great' pleasure ta.sedbnd ing the motion. ~-\ * ?j'*-'-i ^t -^ .?- . \liie Bev. ?. PMfasfrose td^suggest UlatiHie Bevfc ^. Jefferis^^^. 'B/Bymes.'wMo -weVe present, should to requested in^lrothetty' why to speak to' tho meeting upon the' important matter under consideration.' (Applftuie:^ - ' The; CSilffllAS ftbeepted the -idea |^ 1arvety good .one, imd expreiiied 'bik pleasurevat seeing his Congregational frfencbf present. -It *aow«d haw kindly jwerte the fee«ft|s wWfhjnttjsted ;tetween the two denomini^BS. l^pplauie,) '?'? The Bev. J. JgffffBBis-gvaterally - aoknow tedged the eenriasy y and-said -Mr, Syme* -and himself dame thjait ^ht'Sharged; wltti 'mes sages of goodwill «nd 'love tramthiatrreBpeotiye, Churches. (Applauser) In iij younger days 'lie had. of ten encouraged' the day-dream that, . ttobnerjpt later, « union of, the various deriomi ^nations would be made. He hoped, .indeed,. «ven now, that such a union would take place. But later experience had taught him differently. It-was an old saying that the smaller the diffe rence the^greaier was the antipathy. : (Laughter.) He WM^Jiotpjrepared to admit that— (laughter) ' —but he believed, nevertheless, that the smaller the differenoe the greater was the difficulty. (A.pplaus&) Supposing that' his congregation -and~ that of Mr. Mead united, and- 'held ' their services together, he was .much afraid that a great many would -Still remain Baptists. ' (Laughter.) He should despise them if they did not— (applause) 'for, surely, if they had considered their diffe rence sufficient to make a new denomlriatien, *nd bad stuck to their views for so long a period, they would hardly desert their standard now. (Applause.) He declares he had almost as much sympathy with them as with! Ms own ?congregation. He hoped that ^heywodd not ' ?consider him as making these remarks in a Soaptious- spirit. (No.) There, was one little ? matter in which he 'asked their help, and that was. with regard -to the TJfdon College, an in stitution the object of which warto.giv6 young penbos who intended followingthe ministerial profession a sound Biblical and literary educa tion. So far It had b|en a success. Ministers of, various denominations, including himself, were connected with it, and be could say that it was an institution of muoh usefulness. ( Ap- piaussv) : . .. The Bef. C. B. SYMES reciprocated the ex pressions of kindly feeling which' had been made towards Mr^ Jefferis'and himself, as re presenting the- Congregational body, and hoped that the ties of mutual friendship would become' even stronger than they new were. He believed that the faith which bound them together was manifestly large, as the difference which' sepa rated them was manifestly small. (Applause.) It was his earnest trust that in the working of each denomination jealousy would always be absent. (Applause.) They were greatly indebted to the Onairman for his careful and discriminat ing address, which, however, it might be thought indelicate of him to discuss. Their duty was to humbly, ande arnestly put their faith in God, that He might further the f great cause of re vivals. The ? Bev. J. Pbtoe supported the motion, referring at length to the progress of the revival in Sdotland and elsewhere. He said the spread of . this movement had a good effect in breaking down the barriers and restrictions which fenced particular sects ; and he felt sure, . notwithstanding the opinions of Mr. Jefferis, that the union would be realised some time or other. Ic was a sign of such an event when de nominational ministers could visit one another : at their annual' Conferences, and speak out frankly upon the religious topics of the day. The Baptists, after all, did not care so very muoh about the baptism ot adults as was thought. They believed -more in the necessity for this ceremony being performed with children than with adults. Never till now had he felt so strongly the importance of work amongst the young people. . He thought that if they oottld not haye'.a union of denominations, at least they ' oould have a unibn of hearts.- They must enter into the revival not with a spirit of imitation, but with the spirit of God, and lie assured them they would have reason to rej oice. ( Applause. } The motion was then put and carried, arid the' meeting .closed with prayer and the pronouncing of the benediction. * ? 