DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. St. Petersburg, January 23. — The marriage oere mony of tbe Da ke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to day, in the presence of a vast assemblage nf guests in the Winter Palace and tbe various galleries. The ladies were sump* tuously attired, the prevailing costumes, particu larly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. Tbe men were iu uniform, with the exception of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries fThainberl&ras.; And other offioora of fclifl Clnnrh lump ing, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, tbe Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came tbe Bride and the bridegroom, wbo wore tho Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet man* tie trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train waB borne by four pages. Then followed au immense procession of the Im* perial family, priests, friends, princes, and conrt officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore tbe uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prinoe of Wales the scarlet British uniform, tbe Prussian Prince Im * pcrial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were deco* rated witb tbe Prussian order o( St Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. Tbe Imperial German priests was dres sed in the Bame style. The Russian princes'* dress was blue velvet and gold. Prinoe Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Cbrrch of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels witb holy water. Tbe Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the Church, assuming his station with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. Ibe wedding rings, borne on golden sal- vers, were deposited on tbe alter temporarily, nntil placcd on tbe fingers of tho bride and bridesgroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innu merable wax candles ; tbe floor was covered with velvet crimson aud gold carpet ; the pillars and alter were covorcd with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. CbanLs aud intoned prayers were given during the service. Tbe crotrns were held suspended over tbe heads of tbe bridal pair,— Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prinoe Sergnis that over tbe bride. The Imperial confessor then said : 'Thou ser vant of god, Alfred Earnest Edward, are crowned for this handmaiden of Ood, Maria Alexandrvona, in the name of the Father, the Sou, and the Holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur, beooming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Epheoians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After tbe reading was concluded the marriage at Cana of Gallilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around tbe raised dais, holding to tbe tip of the confessor's robe with one band and a candle fn the other. At the conclusion of thiB ceremony the taeramental cup was brought for ward, blessed and partaken of by tbe bridal pair, the confessor presenting tbe cross, which both kis sed. After tbe choir sang *' Glory to thee, O Lord !' concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for tho Anglican servioe. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during tbe solemnization of the Greek churoh service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity bat aud gown, and wbo now appeared on tbe altar wearing an Episcopal surplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath aronnd his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergy men. Both the American and tbe English colony were gathered on the left of tbe altar. Conspicuous among tliem was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was tbe venerable Prince Gortshakoff, surrounded by leading members of tbe Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresBes. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in tbe Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, 'God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost — bless, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married ooupls. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Prinoess of Wales was lovely, pale, anddelioate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy — the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms witb the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony iu the English chape), tbe Empress of Russia being a confined invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to ber eyes when the married oonple sainted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public equates took nlace, and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extra- . ordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp. ' and splendour. After the marriage rites there ros a banquit at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of tbe ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and offiosrs of the Oourt. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. — S. M. Herald's telegram. 