THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND IN TASMANIA TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY SIR, Though strongly tempted, I have hitherto forbore from troubling jun on the vexata qitarMioot the old and new cathedrals, on which, nevertheless, I think I could find something to lay-and may yet possibly say tenor uHugetb'-r undeserving the attention of those interested in its discussion. I am more concerned, now, to offer mine remarks upon a letter which appeared in The Mercury of the 17th instant, headed " The Synod," and signed " A Layman," who speaks of himself in a member of Synod. This letter refers to the existence of two classes or divisions in the Church of England, and the distinguishing characteristics of each are con- cisely, stated: They are not named, but we shall probably not offend either class, or " A Layman," if we denominate the High Church and Evangelical, or perhaps they might be more appropriately classed as SaoramentaliBts and Solifldians. " A Layman" thus defines their respective tenets ; " The method of the application of the sacrifice of Christ's death" (in strange phrase) forms the great difference between them. In the one case it is an act of the heart and mind appropriating the value and efficacy of the atonement by faith in Christ alone, although means may be under that appropriation." (The italics are mine.) This describes the Evangelical division, who would scarcely, I fancy, care to accept '.' A Layman's" account of their creed The High Church, or Sacramental party, is next described. But in the other made the means are necessary conditions (my italics again to the appropriation. These means are for the must part, baptism, confession, abso- lution, and especially the Eucharist." And further on "A Layman," while he seems to complain that the Bishop on every possible opportunity promotes those whose views are sacramental, and who claim supernatural powers " (f), confesses that the " special principles" as he terms them, of the High Church division, " are the necessary outcome of doctrines, which, for ages, have been permitted a place in the Church of England." Doctrines of which so much can be said with truth and the truth would be more fully and candidly expressed by the phrase have held, instead of" been permitted, a place may fairly be taken to be the doctrines of the Church of England, in which, it is thus admitted, they claim a place by the prescription of ages." and such in fact they are; as I think may be very easily shown from, her articles, formularies, und liturgy. Remember, it is not a question of private judgment of Holy Scripture or of the Catholic Faith. The question is-are " the sacramental views" or special principles," of which " A Layman " complains, the doctrines of the Church of England? Because if they be, and he seems to admit it himself, why is there danger in the Bishop promoting those who hold those views ? Where is the necessity for the alarming query, " can this state of things continue in this community ?" The pro scription of "ages" may be fairly assumed to extend over at least three centuries ; which just takes us back to the date of the final confer mation. or ratification of the 39 Articles by Convocation in 1571. Thus it would seem that " A Layman" is dissatisfied with thedoottinesofhisohurch, rather than that the clergymen who held and preach those doctrines are blameworthy or in the wrong. I do not propose to examine the evangelical, or sold fldian, theory of Salvation, as stated by "A Layman," beyond remarking that the doctrine that the use of sacramental means of grace is indifferent and. non essential, ("may be used ") is opposed to Holy Scripture and to the doctrines of the Church of England. That the sacramental theory is taught by the Church of England ("are necessary conditions the appropria- tion of the efficacy and value of the Atonement)" can I think, be very easily shown. 1\. By her Creed. "I believe in one baptism for the remission of sins." 2\. From her (JJtochiam. The sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper are declared to be " generally (that is for all necessary to salvation," which Archbishop Seaker thus expounds : - ' As the word sacrament is not a scripture one, and both at different times been differently understood, our Church Volo, not require it to be said that the sacraments are two only, but two only necessary to salvation." Again the sacraments are spoken of as " a means whereby we receive the inward and spiritual grace given unto us," Both sacraments are said to be " ordained by Christ himself " and of the bread and wine in the Eucharist it is end, " which the Lord hath commanded to be received 3rd. Fruit her Articles, me "an amusing outline of Christ are spoken of as certain mire *iini'<HM and effectual signs of grace and God's good will toward us, by which He doth work mvimoK in a-, and doth not only quick but also strengthen and confirm our faith in Him." (Art. xxv) Baptism is a sign of regeneration, or new birth, whereby (per quod, the sign or sacrament), as by an instrument, they that recieve baptism tightly are glutted into the church ; the promise of forgiveness of sins, and of our adoption to he the sons officer by the Holy Ghost, are visibly signed and sealed ; faith is confirmed; and grace increased, by virtue of prayer unto God" (Art xxvii). And again, "There Issue con- demnation for them that believe and are baptized " (Art. ix) in the Latin version in equal authority with the English, we read, " Gredentibus to remarks," showing that the church holds " baptism " and " new Line," tube convertible terms. There can be no salvation without the " and birth." Baptism is thus again in this Article implicitly, as in the catechism, declared to be " necessity to salvation." And again, "Alter we have received the Holy Ghost, we may depart from grace given " (Art, xvi) ; where the context shows that phrase to be equipollent with after baptism" "The Supper of the Lord is a sacrament, [it., a Bute witness and effectual sign of our redemption by 'Christ's death," and " to such as rightly, worthily, and with faith receive the same, the bread which we break is a partaking communication) of the body of Christ, and likewise the cup of lessing is a partaking of the blood of Christ . . after an heavenly and spiritual rummer (Art. xxvii ) 4th. Iuherliturgy.Ot Baptism;"Seoingnow(i.e.after the ministration of the Sacrament of Baptism dearly beloved that this child is regenerate and grafted into the body of Christ's Church, let us give thanks unto Almighty God for these benefits." (Omeo for Public baptism of infants) Seeing how, dearly beloved that this child is by Baptism regan rate " &o.; (Private Xiai'tism infants) " And as for you, who have now by Baptism put on Christ, it is your part and duty also, been; made the children of God and of the light by faith in Christ Jesus, to walk answerably to your Christian falling and as became the children of light." (Final exhortation ; office for Public Baptism Adults.) "Almighty God who has vouch sale to regenerate those thy servants by Water and the Holy Ghost." (OUioe of confirmation.) Of the Encourut-" It is our duty to render most humble and hearty thanks to Almighty God, for that he hath given us our Saviour Jesus Christ, not only to die for us, but to be our spiritual food and sustenance in their holy arrestment." (First exhortation Communion Service.) " Most dearly beloved in Christ, take you could heed lest ye, withdrawing yourselves from this Holy Supper, provoke God's indignation against you." According to mine office, I bid you in the Name of God, I call you in Christ's behalf, I exhort you as you love your own salvation that ye will be partakers of his Holy Communion. ... It is your duty to receive the Communion in remembrance of his death, as He himself hath com- manded." (Second exhortation, Communion Service " The benefit is great, if with a true penitent heat and lively faith we receive that holy sacrament, for then we spiritually cut the flesh of Christ and drink his blood; then we dwell in Christ and Christ in us ; we are one with Christ and Christ with us." (Ex hortation ut celebration of Eucharist.) "Jesus Christ. . . . did institute, and, in his holy gospel, command us to continue, a perpetual memory of that, His precious death, until Uiscoiuiug again." (Prayer of Consecration, Comm. Service.) "Almighty and Everlasting God, we most heartily thank Thee, for that Thou dost vouchsafe to feed us who have duly received these holy mysteries with the spiritual food of the most precious Body and Blood of thy Son, our Saviour, Christ and dost assure us thereby of thy favour and goodness to wards us, and that we are very members incorporate in the mystical body of thy Sun." (Post Communion service, 2nd pray er.) These extracts sulkies to d'.-mmstruto that the Church of England holds and tokens that the Sierra month of Baptism and the Lord" Supper are " means of grace in the dismissal and in so rapid increase; of the phrase and that such " alarms me necessary conditions to the appropriation of' The value and efficacy of the monument." It is impossible that any church in its authentic enunciation of doctrinal truth in its less formal exposition of the duties and obligations of Christians in its touching of the young; and in the language of its daily Liturgy and occasional services, could thus speak of the sacraments of baptism and the Lord's Supper, without intending to teach that they are indispensable conditions to the appropriation to the individual Christian of the vicar and Oldbury of the atonement ' it would he did' all to find language more direct, esjihtu,uni '¡¡Í'M.UU, declaratory Of the necessity of Urns SUUIUHICIIIS to salvation ; baptism, once for all, according to the tenor of its institution the Holy Communion frequently re- ported in perpetual remembrance of the Saviour's Passion according to express Divine command. Com patience rewarded with promises of the highest spiritual blessings attached thereto ; blessings no where, either in Holy Scripture or the Church's formularies, attached to any other outward not of devotion, or to any more " not of the heart and mind," reflect deprecated with earnest and emphatic fors wuraingsot' God's wrath and indignation. And in, the face of such teaching, what, I would ask, is the position of the clergymen the Church of England, if any such there be, who ventures to hold and teach as tbedootineof that Church, that aaA Ltyuiun" puts it, "the application of the sacrifice of Christ's death is an act of the heart and mind appropriating the value and the efficacy of the atonement by faith in Christ alone, although means may be used in that appropriation j" that is to say, the use of thane Sacraments, which the Church of England expressly teaches her catechumens are " necessary to salvation," may be dispensed with at the option of the so-called Christian, and their place supplied by a mere " set of the heart and mind." The special grace of God preventing j us pulling into our minds good desires" (Coll, for Easter Day), and the grace of God always pro- I venting and following us, and making uauontinually I to be given to all good works" (Coll. 17th Sunday after Trinity), would seem to find no place in this scheme of salvation, which, if we may believe " A Layman," is the belief of a large division of the Church of England, and is held, and presumably, taught by one-fourth of the clergy of the Church of England in Tasmania. He may well say their " faith is distinct " from that of the Sacramentaliats. " A Layman " speaks of " Confession and Absolution " as among the means which the sacramental wine deems " necessary conditions to the appropria- tion of the benefits of the atonement " It would be strange indeed if a priest holding the sacramental doctrines of the Church of England should deem cápentenos- pawitentia, " penance " (art xxviii) as a means of grace optional with the believer, what " may be used" as " A Layman " days. The Church begins all her public services with confession, and absolution ; renunciation of sin, the world, and the devil are expressly required of all sponsors for infants and of all adults presented at the font. Public confession and absolution must always precede the reception of the Holy Communion. Private confession, before communicating, ii expressly, and by authority, recommended in cases of unquiet conscience, when the sufferer is advised to " come unto his own or some other learned and discreet minister of God's word, and open his grief, that by the Ministry of God's Holy Word he may receive the benefit of absolution." in the order for the visitation of the sick, the dying sinner is to be, moved to make a special confession of his sins if be feeling conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which confession the priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire it.") And the priest is taught to say, " By his (our Lord Jesus Christ's) authority committed to me,, I absolve thee from all, thy sins." And in the office of ordonne of priests, the imposition of hands is accompanied by these solemn words :-" Receive the Holy Ghost in the office and work of a priest in the Church of God. . . . Whose sins thou dost forgive they are sure forgiven ; whose sins thou dost retain they are retained." It would be difficult, looking at this regular daily use of public confession and absolution ; this exhortation to occasional private confession with the promise of absolution attached thereto and the strong and unequivocal language of the ordinary, to separate the idea of sacramental efficacy as a means of grace from the practice of penance, te,, confession and absolution. And such no doubt is the doctrine of the Church of England. No wonder, then, that clergymen holding the sacramental views propounded by the Church of England, regard baptism, confirmation, the holy. Eucharist, and penance as efficacious means of grace, " ordained by Christ himself," or sanctioned by apostolic institution and practice. To those who are not intimately familiar with the articles and liturgy of the Church of England ; or to those who, conscious of the strongly sacramental character of her doctrines, would desire to interpret her friends- i ries in a non-natural sense, and degrade her to the level of Geneva ; these positions may seem strange and unacceptable. But they are none the loss the " necessary outcome of doctrines which for ages have (not only been permitted a place in the Church of England," but are firmly established and authoritatively promulgated up the doctrines of that church. A " Layman " states that the clergy " whose views are sacramental," also " claim supernatural powers." Supernatural is with many a hard word, and is probably used as a term of reproach by " A Layman." But he would be a bold man who should deny the existence of a supernatural element in the mystery of the holy communion in the mystical washing away of sin in the Laver of Regeneration in the conference of the Holy Ghost by the imposition of hands in confirmation and in ordination and in the exercise of the power of the keys. When the Bullish priest-the Latin version of the articles uses the word Sácenlos-finds the elements in both sacraments are required to be con- secrated by his voice and act ; when he finds the power of absolution denied to the Deacon, and of ordination restricted to the Bishop, he may reasonably assume that his church holds and teaches that "apart natural powers " are confided to her priesthood. The objection to the supernatural is nothing new. Nicodemus startled at the doctrine of a new birth. The Pharisees could not understand how our Saviour should give them his flesh to eat; and the doctrine of the atonement was " to the Jews a stumbling block, and to the Greeks foolishness." Is there nothing supernatural in the Conception of the Virgin ; the incarnation of the Son ; the descent of the Holy Ghost ? Yet these truths are believed without being comprehended. And there is no greater difficulty to the humble believer in accepting?, without being able to explain the modus operandi, the Real Presence in the Holy Each man. ; the saving efficacy of baptism by water and i he died., Gunst ; Um nullity of Absolution and thus put? pel II presence of Christ with His Church. It is to my mind satisfactory to learn, as "A L by man" assures us is the case, that the sacra- included those) of salvation, the plain teaching of the Church of England, is held and acted upon by three-fourths of the clergy of that Church in fun m uni M ' A Layman" asks : " Can this sum of training innuendo in this community ?" Why should it not ? It constitutes a gratifying proof of the soundness of the theological views, and of the conscientious acceptance of, and adherence to, their church's icHohiun, by a large majority of her clergy. Again, " A Layman' asks : " Will the laity accept and support a host of clergy whose doctrine, carried to its l<ii>i<-ul result, would lead them to Rome." This is begging the whole question. No attempt is made to show how or why such a destissMiSBkie the logical result of the " S tcramontal viewsfjBlbich offend " A Layman," while it is admitted that these very doctrines have had a place in the Church of England " for ages." Yet in the three centuries since the date of the Articles, to go no further back, how many of either done)' or laity has " the logical result of these doctrines led to Rome." I see no ground for alarm, but rather occasion for thankfulness, in the present position of affairs in the Church of England in Tasmania. And the tone and temper and action of the Synod in its latest session sure, I think, every way encouraging and satisfactory to true churchmen. I would only venture to observe, in conclusion, that, while we are naturally pleased and flattered to find the proceedings of our governing body occupying so large a share of attention in the public press, there is good reason for believing that the Church of England could very well dispense, at this juncture of her career in Tasmania, with a very large slice of the gratuitous advice and suggestions of her external critics. We accept their attentions as a tribute to our eminence arp importance as a religious community. But as we make no pretensions to be a national in the sense of an established, church and three, as a church, we owe no special allegiance to the State, we claim to be permitted to regulate our interest economy uniform hered with extraneous and unsolicited assistance. I remain, Sir, Your obedient servant, j s gasps Hobart Town, 18th February, 1871. 