THE MURBA.Y CANAL. ID THE EDITOR. Sir—Mr. ShetlifF has pat the question relative to the Murray Canal in a very short and straight forward way, only requiring to know whether there would be a sufficient volume of water in the Qoolwa Channel to scour out a course through the outlet, and about the funds. With regard to the first, there would be suffi cient water for the purpose, provided that the wtletwas properly protected froiu the heavy seas to which that put of the coast is subject, but otherwise not: nor would five times the quantity of water be sufficient to keep a clear course, as it would be just like the present mouth, and always uncertain. With regard to funds, everyone knows that where there is an unlimited supply anything can be done, no matter how gigantic it may be; and as this affair will assume rather large proportions before it will be completed, so as to make it of real use, an unlimited supply of funds will be required, as it would be useless making only half a job of it. Some think that it is only necessary to make the canal, and then the whole affair is complete; but that will be only a flea-bite compared with the other necessary portions of the under taking* About 32 or 88 years ago I reoollect seeing a very elaborate map of Adelaide (sent out from London, I l&iieve;), and showing the River Torrens as a splendid sheet of water, with large vessels at anchor opposite Government House. I expect to see something of that sort with respect to Goolwa before long. It would look well, certainly, to see a large woolship at the Goolwa Wharf, and I should be delighted to see it—no one more so; but it is too good to be a reality. I could sooner believe in a ship being afloat in front of Government House than that a ship should be afloat id the Goolwa Wharf. What Mr. Shetliff says respecting the channels leading from the Lake to the mouth does not agree exactly with my experience of them, but as it makes no difference in the end I can let it pass. Having all the water that they can possibly get for the canal, it would be rather a dog-in the-mangerish sort of way of acting to prevent the remainder of the Murray water being utilized, as it could be, by turning it into the Coorong, and by that means making it a canal at a cheaper rate than any canal that was ever constructed in the world. I am Sir, sc., GILES E. STRANGWAYS. June 1, 1874. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Although. Mr. StrangwayB admits that there is a sufficient volume of water available for the proposed cutting, he seems to be alarmed at the consequences of effecting a junction with the ocean at that particular place, " the sea, the terrible sea." For the last twenty-one years that I have been in this place I have always heard the same apprehensions uttered, but invariably by per sons who have no practical acquaintance with such matters, or whose motives may be ques tionable. In spite of all the alarming reports that have been so industriously circulated—in spite of all the prejudice and self-interest that have so con stantly urged people to say the vilest things about the Murray-mouth—I say emphatically, and without fear of contradiction, that the Murray-month, and espeoially the new catting, is singularly free from a heavy sea. Let anyone at all conversant with such matters look at the position of the place with respect to the coast line. The heavy sea, the result of the prevailing westerly winds, rolls down past Kangaroo Island, and breaks with all its force on our South-East coast. The only part that reaches here is the tail end of the wave that is deflected round the east end of Kangaroo Island, and comes here in a direction at right angles to its original course, and with very little of its former volume or force. I have gone through the Murray-mouth in an open boat when the little roller was not more than a foot high on the bar and a current rushing out about six miles per hour. The ghosts that have hitherto frightened people from the Murray-mouth will have to hide their diminished heads. Perhaps I may be allowed to add that the foregoing observations are based on a long expe rience at sea in every capacity from the cabin boy upwards in various parts of the world, especially on the east coast of England and amongst bar harbours. One more word and I have done. The ques tion has been put, with reference to my former letter, where I would bring the wool from at £3 per ton. I simply answer I will tro a thousand miles, and up any of the rivers, and briner wool to Goolwa at £3 Der ton. I am Sir, &c.;, S. SHETLIFF. Goolwa, June 11,1174. TO THE EDITOE. Sir—Will you allow me through the medium of your columns to make a few remarks on the subject of the improvement of the sea-mouth of the Murray and the proposed ship usual. Regarding the former, it .is my opinion that the entrance to the Coorong and Holmes's Channel should be blocked up; by so doing fresh water instead of salt & at present would be available for the settlers nearly up to Lacepede Bay, and steamers of light draught could then run up to McGrath's Flat, thus shortsning the distance by the overland mail to Melbourne, and over the worst part of the road. Another great advantage would be the sur plus waters of the Lake would thus be diverted into one channel instead of three, as at present, and the navigation out of the river-mouth would be much safer for steamers. With respect to the present survey of the proposed cutting or ship canal through the Penin sula, I would suggest sheet piling something like what we have in some of our English and French harbours, and, say in this instance, run out to 15 feet of water. The great volume of scour from Lake Alexandria, which forms an immense reservoir, would keep the channel clear out beyond the ends of the piers erected to concentrate the said water, as it rapidly deepens beyond the line of depth mentioned. Our wool season will be upon us again in about a couple of months, and in the meantime while schemes are being mooted active measures ought >io bo taken to keep what Riverine trade we still held, otherwise the whole will be irretrievably lost. Whether wool ships load at Victor Harbour this season or not, it would be well for the Government to subsidize a steamer, say, at £100 per month, to convey wool from Goolwa to Port Adelaide direct, alongside of the London wool ships, thereby doing away with the vexatious delays that are complained of at the various river ports. Squatters then would run no chance of losing the February sales. In conclusion, I may remark, touching the proposed railway, that unless the country are prepared to carry wool and stores at a more nominal rate, say 10s. per ton, it will not com pete with the Echuca line, where the rates have recently been reduced no less than 33 per cent I am, Sir, &c.;, GEO. JOHNSTON. Steamer Albury, Wentworth, June 8, 1874. TO THE BDITOB. Sir—In the Observer of June 6,1821, the article Murray-mouth took my attention. The difficulties and dangers encountered by Captain Sturt and party in attempting the passage of the Murray-mouth are truly described by Mr. G. E. Strangways as far as words can cc ovey an idea of that perilous enterprise. Though so many years ago it is as fiesh on my memory as though but yesterday. The failure of the attempt to enter the river from seaward did not daunt the gallant Captain, who then resolved to make the attempt from the Inside, and this he did more than once ; but the last and final trial was at daybreak, every thing looking favourable. Iu the boat were Captain Slurt and M r. Strangways. Fortunately for all in the boat the man who steered was an experienced hand—he was a headsman at the Encounter Bay fishery—myself palling the bow oar by request of Captain Sturt. Though a member of the mounted police, and having been in the escort, I can truly say we were all very thankful to get out of the troubled waters. Captain Sturt on his knees thanked the Almighty for us all for our safe landing. Should this meet the eye of Mr. G. E. Strang ways he has the best wishes of the writer. I am. Sir, &c.;, DAVID MORGAN, Warder of ILM. Gaol, Wallaroo. June 15, 18/2. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In his official report on this important question, Mr. Mais "ventures to state without fear of contradiction from any competent autho rity that this river would not scour out the channel to the intended depth.*' I presume Mr. Mais would consider Moles worth, Rankine, Prony, DuBuat, Downing, and fifty others equally eminent, to be " competent authorities." Now, all these authorities are agreed that, as tabulated by Molesworth, a velocity of a i foot per second will scour fine clay. I " " will scour fine sand. | » it will scour coarse sand. 1 " " will scour fine graveL 2 " " will scour rounded shingle. 3 " " will scour angular stones. 5 " " will scour conglomerate. And as Mr. Mais says that the average velocity of the current is " two and a half knots per hour," which is equal to more than four feet per second, it is evident that with the channel pro tected on both sides by piling, the whole of the sand would be carried far out to sea by the current, and therefore that the whole of the estimated cost of catting the channel (£122,000) may safely be etanck out of the estimate. 1 am. tsir.aso., B. BOOTHBY. 