CirAi'TJîR VI.-A WALK IN THE WOOD. Two little pieces of by-piay in which 1 detected her confirmed my unpleasant suspicion. Prom the corner of tho gallery I ono day saw her, when she thought I was out mid all quiet, with lier ear at tlio keyhole of papa's study, as wo used to call tlio sitting-room next his bed-room. Her eyes were I urned in "the direction of tho stairs, from which only she apprehended surprise, lier groat mouth was open, and her eyes absolutely goggled with .engorness. She was devouring all that was pass ing there. I drew back into tho shadow with a kind of disgust and horror. She wns transformed into a great gaping reptile. 1 felt that 1 could have thrown something at her; but a kind of fear made me recede again toward my room. Indignation, however, quickly returned, ¡md I came back, tread ing briskly as I did so. When I roached the anglo of tho gallery again, Madame, I suppose, had heard mo, for she was halfway down thc stairs. "Ah, my dear choaile, I am so glad to find you, and you aro dross to come out. Wo shall have so pleasant walk." At that moment tho door of my father's study opeuod, and Mrs. Husk, with her dark energetic face very much Hushed, stepped out in high excite ment. "Tho Master says you may have tho brandy bottle, Madame, and I'm glad to be rid of it-I am." Madaiue'courtesied with a groat smirk, that was full of intangible hate and insult. " Better your own brandy, if drink you must !" oxolaimetl Mrs. Husk. You may come to the store-room now, or the b titler can take it." And off whisked Mrs. Husk for the back stair case. There had been no common skirmish on this occasion, but a pitched battle. Madame had made a sort of pet of Anno Wixted, an undor-chauihermaid, and attached her to her interest economically by persuad ing me to make her presents of some ¿ld' dresses and other things. Anne was such an angel ! But Mrs. Busk, whose eyes wero about her de tected Anne, with a brandy-bottle under her apron, stealing up-stairs. Anne, in a panic, declared the truth. Madame had commissioned her to buy it in tho town, and convey it to her bed- room. Upon this, Mrs. Rusk impounded the ilask; and with Aime beside her, rather precipitately appeared before "the Master." Ho heard, and summoned Madame. Madame was cool, frank and fluent. Tho brandy was purely medicinal. She produced a document in form of a note. Doctor Somebody presented his compliments to Madame de la Rou gierre, and ordered her'/a table-spoonful of brandy aud somo drops of laudanum whenever the pain of stomach returned. The flask would last a whole year, perhaps two. She claimed her medicine. Man's estimate of woman is higher than woman's own. Perhaps in their relations to man they are generally moro trustworthy-perhaps woman's is the luster, and the other an appointed illusion. I don't know ; but so it is ordained. Mrs. Rusk was recalled, and I saw, as you aro aware, Madame's procedure during the interview. It was a great battle-a great victory. Madame was in high spirits. The air was sweet-the land scape charming-I, so good-every thing so beauti ful ! Where should we go ? this way ? I had niado a resolution to speak as little as possible to Madame, I was so incensed at the treachery I had witnessed ; but such resolutions do not last long with very young people, and by the time we had reached the skirts of the wood we were talking pretty mu ch as usual. " I don't wish to go i uto the wood, Madame." "And for what?" "Poor mamma is buried there." "Is there the vault?" demanded Madame, eagerly. I assented. " My faith, curious reason; you say because poor mamma is buried there you will not approach ! Why, cheaile, what would good Monsieur Ruthyn say if he heard such thing ? You are surely not so unkain', and I am with you. Allons. Let us come -oven a little part of way." And so I yielded, though still reluctant. There was a grass-grown road, which we easily reached, leading to the sombre building, and we soon arrived before it. Madame de la Rougierre seemed rather curious. She sat down on the little bank opposite, in her most languid pose-her head leaned upon the tips of her fingers. " How very sad-how . solemn !" murmured Madame. "What noble tomb! How triste, my dear cheaile, your visit 'ere must it be, remember ing a so sweet maman. There is new inscription -is it not new ?" And so, indeed, it seemed. " I am fatigue-maybe you will read it aloud to me slowly and solemnly, my dearest Maud ?" As I approached I happened to look, I can't tell why, suddenly, over my shoulder: I was startled, for Madame was grimacing after me with a vile derisive distortion. She pretended to be seized with a flt of coughing. But it would not do; she saw that I had detected her, and she laughed aloud. " Come here, dear cheaile. I was just reflecting how foolish is all this thing-the tomb-the epi taph, rethink, I would 'av none-no, no epitaph. We regard them first far the oracle of the dead, and find them after only the folly of the living. So I despise. Do you think your house of Knowl down thero is what you call haunt my dear?" "Why?" said'I.flushingandgrowingpaleagain, i felt quite afraid of Madame, and confounded at the suddenness of all this. " Because Anne Wixted she says there is ghost. How dark is this place, and so many of the Ruthyn family they aro buried here-is not so ? How high and thick aro the trees allround, aud nobody comes near." And Madamo rolled her eyosgawfully, as if she expected to see something unearthly, and, indeed, looked very like it herself. " Come away, Madame," I said, growing fright ened, and feeling that if I were once, by any ac cident, to give way to the panic that was gather ing round me I should instantaneously lose all control of myself. " Oh, come away !-do, Madame -I'm frightened." "No, on tho contrary, sit here by me. It is very odd you will think, ma chere- un gout bizarre vraiment !-but I love very much to be near to tho dead people- in solitary placo like this. I am not afraid of tho dead people, nor of tho ghosts. 'Av you over see a ghost, my dear ?" " Do, Madamo ! pray speak of something else." "What little fool ! But uo, you aro not afraid. I 'av seen tho ghosts myself. I saw ono, for ex ample, last night, shape like a monkey, sitting in tho corner, with Ilia arms round his knees ; very wicked, old, old man his face was like, and white eyes so large." ' "Come away, Madame! you are trying to frighten me," I said, in tho childish anger which accompanies fear. Mn dame laughed an ugly laugh, and said "Eh, bien ! little fool !-I will not tell the rest if you are really frightened; lot us chango to some thmg else." " Yea, yes ! oh, do-pray do." " Wat good mun is your father!" " Very-tho kindest darling. I don't know why it is, Madame, I am so afraid of him, and never could toll him how much I love him." This confidential talking with Madamo, strange to say, implied no confidence) ; it resulted from fear-it was deprecatory. I treated lieras if she had human sympathies, in tho hopo that they might bo generated somehow. " Was there not a doctor from London with him a few months ago P Doctor Bryorly, I think they call him." " Yes, a Doctor Bryorly, who remained a fow . days. Shall wo begin to walk towards home, Madame? Do, pray." "Immediately, cheailo; and does your father suffer much ?" " No-I think not." "And what then is Ida disease?" "Disease! he lias no disease. Have you heard anything about his health, Madame?*' i said, an ^""oi?, no ' mft foi-I have heard nothing ; but if the doctor carno it was not because he waa quito well." " But tho doctor ia a doctor in theology, I fancy. I know hts ia a Swodenborgian ; and papa is no well he could not have cerne as a physician." " I am very glad, mu chere, to hear; but still you know your father is old mau to have so young clieaileas you. Oil, yes-ho ia old man, and so uncertain lifo is. 'As lie made Iiis will, my dear ? ¿very man so rich as ho, especially ¡so old, aught to 'av made his will." " There is no need of haste, Madame ; it is quite time enough when Iiis health begins to fail." " But has lie really compose no will ?" " I really don't know, Madame." "Ah, little rogue! you will not tell-but you are not such fool as you feign yourself. JN'O, no j you know everything. Come, tell me all about it is for your advantage, you know. What is in his will, and when he wrote ?" " But, Madamo, I really know nothing of it. I can'tsay whether there is a will ornot. Let us talk of something else." " But, chenile, it will not kill Monsieur Euthyii tomnko his will ; he will not come folio here a day sooner by cause of that, but if ho make no will you may lose a great deal of the property. Would not that be pity ?" "I really don't know anything of his "will. If papa has made one, ho has never spoken of it to me. I know he love3 mu-that is enough." "Ah! you aro not such little goose-you do know everything, of course. Come, come, tell mo, little obstinate, otherwise I will break your little finger. Tell me everything." "I know nothing of papa's will. You don't know, Madame, hew you pain me. Do let us speak of something else." " You do 'know7, and you must tell, petite dur tete, or I will break a your lettie finger." With which words she seizad that joint, and laughing spitefully, she twisted it suddenly back. I screamed ; sile continued to laugh. " Will you tell r" " Yes, yes ! let me go ;" I shrieked. Slio did not release it, however, immediately, but continued lier torture and discordant laughter. At last, however, she did release my linger. "So she is going to be good cheaile, and to tell everything to lier affectionate gouvernante. What do you cry for, little fool ?" " You've hurt me very much-you have broken my finger," I sobbed. "Ruh it and blow it, andi'givo it a kees, little fool ! What cross girl ! I will never play with you again-never. Let 113 go home." .Madame was silent and morose all tho way home. She would not answer my questions, and affected to be very lofty and offended. This did not last very long, however, and she soon resumed her wonted ways. And she returned to the question of the will ; * but not so directly, and with more art. Why should this dreadful woman's thoughts be running so continually upon my father's will"? How could it concern her. 