THE REV. GEORGE CLARKE'S VALEDIC- TORY ADDRESS. The Rev George Clarke took final leave of his congregation last evening, before leaving the colony ona visit to England. Davey street church was filled in every part, and several of the congregation were unable to find sitting room The rev. gentle- man chose for his text the words "keep yourselves in the love of God" being a portion of the 21st verse of the epistle of Jude, and before commencing his discourse he said: " I feel my friends that I have before me a very solemn and difficult task , solemn, because after preaching the gospel for nearly twenty three years m this city I have to say what must be to some of you my last words, and what may be my last words to all, and difficult, because I feel that under the circumstances I shall have to exer- cise the greatest possible self-restraint, and keep down, as far as I can, any expression of feeling that you may be sure I am con- scious of. Let these consideration weigh with you. Give me your calm and serious atten- tion, and I pray that, with God's blessing both on preacher and people, we may be able to carry away from this service some impressions which may be of benefit to us all ." The rev. gentleman then proceeded with his sermon, remarking that the apostle's meaning was not that they should keep in their love to God, but in God's love to them, keep within the region of His love , keep within the circle and the sunshine of his approval, take care that they did not wander out into the darkness that is beyond, remember and submit to the conditions of the manifestation qt that approval, and keep guard and, as it were, entrench themselves in their position as professing Christians They should not rest satisfied with the mere act of con- version, and with God's favour alone There was a difference botweon God's pitying lovo and God's approving love, and the earnest Christian would ever strive after the latter, to win the approving love of the Father. He urged his hearers m order to secure that love, to speak less, and to pray more, in the sanctuary, in the family circle, and in the world ; and by their actions show that they were really the followers of Christ. The conditions by which they were to keep themselves in the love of God were by building up themselves in their most holy faith, aud by praying in the Holy Ghost ; and this could only be done by un- ceasing prayer. The rev. gentleman expatiated at great length on these points, and, in conclusion, said : " I am very unwilling to detain you longer ; but let me recall the whole teaching of the passage, and earnestly impress it upon you. Many of you will see my face and hear my voice no more, and it may be, possibly, that none of you shall, for life is very uncertain - we know not what a day may bring forth. I hope and trust that in the good providence of God I may before very long be brought back again, but if I am, no doubt I shall see many changes. Then let my last words be words that shall sink iu your hearts, that they may have a lodgement in your memory. You Christian people, especially, whom I have urged by every persuasion, that holiness and sanctification is the condition of being with God, do not rest on mere hope, or the conviction of pardon from sin. That is only one part of your spiritual existence. Christ enjoins us to be pure even as He is pure. Do you think that when he looks upon the travail of his soul, we have done all when we have simply escaped from the condemnation we deserved ? No ; we must aspire higher and higher. Then rest not I pray you with the mere beginnings of the Christian l¡fe, but cultivate all the Christian graces, by actions and by prayer, and hope, when you have done this, for rest in Christ. I can hardly say more to you than read my text and the closing words of the apostle : "Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life. Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of His glory with exceeding joy, to the only wise God our Saviour be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now aud ever. Amen." The service concluded with the evening hymn. 