COUNT V. MOLTKE ON GERMAN ARMAMENTS. The love of peace—so Count von Moltke tells us, and in a certain sense he is right — entails upon every great State the necessity of keeping up 'a powerful and numerous army,' and especially is this the ease with Germany, to which naval defences would be of no avail. Moreover, Germany is beginning to reap the fruit of the questionably politic annexations in the shape of the defensive armaments which her great strategist tells her will be needed for the next fifty years. Speaking in the Imperial Parliament on the new Army Bill, which has probably been the cause of all Prince Bismarck's recent demon strations abroad, Count von Moltke declared that ' what , had been acquired in the ' space of six months they would have to protect by force of arms for half a century. France,' he said, ' was imitating all the German military arrangements. How then could the Ger mans give up what their opponents were adopting?' The majority of the French people, he admitted, were ' convinced of the necessity for peace,' but still France was increasing her armaments, and it was the duty of Germany, though opposed to any offensive action, to ' act on the defensive.' 'We have become,' he concluded, 'a power ful nation, but we remain a peaceable people. We require an army, but not for purposes of ''conquest.' If there were any decent ground for confidence that Prince von Bismarck would act as Count von Moltke talks, how much more assured one would feel of a peaceable close to the century ! THE ELECTIONS. The elections to the German Parliament have evidently not given Prince Bismarck any satis faction, and the Times' correspondent at Berlin has reported rumours of a remedy which does not sound very dignified or very honest. The statement of Thursday was that the Ultra monfeanea had secured 100 Eeats, the Particular isms 10, the Poles and Danes 15, tke Anti Ministerial Conservatives 10, and the Alsatians 10, — which would give a total of about 145 probably inclined to embarrass Prince Bismarck's policy ; and if the Socialistic Democrats took up the same line, the number would be 155. On. the other side there would be, according to this account, 225 Ministerial Liberals aad 10 doubt ful _ Liberals, giviug the Ministry 235 votes against 155, or what we should call here a good working majority of 80. Notwithstanding, the Daily Telegraph correspondent at Berlin reports that ' in Government circles the elections to the Reichstag are regarded as in many respects highly unsatisfactory.' And an unsatisfactory result had evidently been anticipated a week ago by the Times' co-respondent; at Berlin, who telegraphed this day week that ' there is a growing feeling that the German franchise should he remodelled on the system regulating the elections for the Prussian Parliament,' — i.e., on the system which gives political influence in proportion to property, and not in proportion to numbers. In other words, when a result of the popular principle is unsatisfactory, the principle must be changed till you getone that is satisfactory. If the working-class gives a strong minority against persecution of'iioman Catholics and Lutherans, disfranchise a lot of them, and go to tho middle class, who rather approve of such a persecution. Such is the enlightened political morality o£ the modern Berlin Liberalism. —Spectator, January 27. ARCHBISHOP (COUNT) LEDOOHOWSKI. Archbishop ;Ledochowaki haa been sent to prison at Ostromo, in Posen, for his disobedienca to the Prussian ecclesiastical laws, and refusal to pay his fines under those laws, — the first of the Bishops to suffer, but by no means the first of the priests and ministers, of whom a large number, some Roman Gat holies and some Luther ans, are in prison for the same cause. Prince Bismarck's strongest supporters appear to be getting nervous as to the issue of their master's vigorous campaign in favour of the autocracy of the Prussian Snato in matters ecclesiastical. Henry VIII. made himself his own Pope5 bub then he was logical enough to insist on uniform ity of worship as well. '' King William is to be oot/i a Jxoman Uafcholic Pope and a .Protestant Pope all in one ; — and that is a position so ec centric that even the most fanatical of the Ger man Erasfcians begin to feel qualms about its feasibility. There is something to us at once astonishing and humiliating in the delight with which journals calling them«elves Liberal find ex cuses, without the ghost of a reason in them, for approving the Prussian persecution of the Lutherans and Roman Catholics. — Jbid, Feb. 7. 