EASY CHAIR JOTTINGS. IT is high time that the boasted "Trial by Jury"—the Palladium of British justice—instituted by King Alfred at a time when the Saxon ceorls believed more in hard knocks than honesty, should be revised in some manner. It seems absurd, that, iu proportion toajuryman'sintegrity, he is made to suffer. If he chooses to consider a hot Bupper and a warm bed of paramount importance, he goes with the majority, and is speedily released to return to his Lares and Penates. If, on the contrary, he is determined to do his duty in [the strictest light, according to the oath he has taken, he very often— as in the case of Butchart's trial—finds himself locked up all night, minus light and fire, being left to wrap himself in his integrity, which is doubtless a suitable raiment for the mind, but not adapted to keep the body warm during "the wee sma' hours ayant the twal'." This is one of the remnants of the barbaric ages which could only have emanated from the sapience of Thanes besotted with copious draughts of mead. Twelve men are required to exercise their deliberate judgment as to the guilt or innocence of a person charged, perhaps, with the most heinous of crimes. The facts, pro and con. may be so evenly balanced that considerable discussion is necessary; and to ensure that calm, dispassionate reasoning necessary to result in a fairly viewed verdict, tradesmen are taken from their places of business, inflicted with long harangues from prosy barristers, and then bundled off into a room, there to remain, at all events, all night, if they cannot ee ! It needs a high sense of rectitude in such cases to induce a man to remain faithful to the oath he has taken to "well and truly try," &c.; It is to be hoped that some effort will be made to ameliorate the condition of jurymen, who, however desirous of doing right, are but human beings after all. One instance will Buffice to show the pernicious results of the present system. A few years ago, in Auckland, a Maori was being tried for the assassination of a white settler. The evidence was by no means conclusive, and the jury retired. At length the judge intimated to them that he was about to retire from the bench, and asked whether there was any probability of their agreeing. What was to be done 1 Locking up for the night was imminent. One of the jury struck out a " happy thought." He wore a flannel jacket, ornamented with those mother-of-pearl buttons—black on one side and white on the other—familiar to most people. Cutting off one of these, he said, " Look here, mates, we shall never agree by talking it over, that's plain. Now, I propose to give John Maori a fair chance for his life. We'll spin this button up ; if it comes black up, that's ' not guilty if it's white up, why, in course, he swings." The motion was seconded, and carried amidst loud applause ; the button came down black up,, and the prisoner was liberated, and, not many months afterwards, the real murderer was caught in the act of committing a similar deed, the prisoner whose life was tossed for being as innocent of committing the crime as a little child. So much for trial by jury. There are people on this earth who, from their malevolent natures, or desire to promote discord, delight to sow the seeds of anarchy broadcast, and revel in evoking the worst passions of human nature. Such a man is the " Reverend" John McGibbon, one of the High Priests of the Orange faction, who has lately visited Melbourne to stir up the bile of the " Yellowboys." Probably the Sydney mob under this man's direction are not satisfied with the spread of their doctrines in this colony. It is, indeed, apparent that, beyond a few exceptions— there are always some wittols in a large community—the Orange ideas find very ittle favour here. One can afford to ity those unreasoning persons who are rawn into this society by being literally alked into it; but what shall be said of en who, while professing to be minisers of that Book whose doctrine is peace, trive .to set sect against sect, brother gainst brother, and who have on many ccasions, notably in Sydney, done their est to encourage sectarian tumult and utchery 1 The very pith of the Orangeen's profession is self- assertiveness. hey announce and thrust themselves orward on every possible occasion, they ose no opportunity, through their agents, f insulting and vilifying other denomiations, and they send their emissaries, ike the brawling, shallow churchman ust mentioned, walking up and down he earth in Satanic fashion, for evil urposes. Is there not in Australia room nough for all ? Truly, according to the ev. Dr. McGibbon, it should be conined to his miserable gang, or, at all vents, all public places and emoluments hould fall to their lot. For this, and nly this, are they banded together ; but hey arc too short-sighted to see the inurmountable obstacle in the way of the ccomplishment of their designs—the ood sense of the vast mass of the comunity. There is a remarkably large pecies of ape known in the system of Buffon as the "Gibbon." Really, one would imagine there were some Scotch varieties of the tribe. Mr. Bent, with many faults, has, east, one good quality to recommend im—he is outspoken. His denunciaion of that greatest of all our political hams, Mr. G. P. Smith, on Tuesday vening, was quite a treat. If the lanuage of the hon. member for Brighton as not relieved by any figures of speech, t was, at least, good, honest Saxon, and eft in the minds of the hearers no oubt of its meaning. The valiant, true, nd good G. P. Smith is scandalised at otteries. Such things must not be alowed. The evil ways of the people must e seen to. Gambling must be checked. r. Bent told him this mock exhibition f virtue was ali bunkum, and merely eant to court popularity. Some people ould go further, and say that anything anly or virtuous was alien to the chaacter of a man who, under the protecion of privilege, would basely try to injure another's character, not so much by open charges as by inuendoes, and who, when not so protected, either quietly takes the personal chastisement due to the use of his unruly tongue, or shows his heels. The desirability of running Sunday trains on the Government lines of railway is being discussed by some of the hire councils, the invariable decision beng that such trains should be run. In a democratic community like this it is difficult to understand why the State property should remain idle on the only day in the week in which it can be used by the vast bulk of the citizens. It is to be hoped that the agitation will grow until Sunday trains are running. Profit to the State and health to the people would be the result of such an arrangement. The Hon. Henry Parkes appears to be about as far-seeing and time-serving a politician as our own great J. J. Casey. Both these distinguished statesmen believe in occasionally doing the grand, and like to do it comfortably. The astute Parkes, seeing that it would be necessary to visit Albury during his recent tour, and fearing that the little escapade of the Kiama ghost might rise up against him, and so militate his reception in that town, he set himself to work to ascertain how the matter could be best arranged. The result was a complete success, and is thus told by the Southern Argus :— PAVING THE WAT.—To the fact of the Premier paying a visit to Riverina is the Catholic community indebted for the performance of a tardy act of justice. Fourteen years ago a thousand pounds of the public moneys was directed to be applied towards the erection of a Catholic church at Albury, but owing to various changes in the diocese of Goulbum, within which Albury is situate, tbe circumstance escaped attention for a lengthened period of time, and not until twelve months since was application made to Government by Dr. Lanigan, the bishop, for payment of the amount. An evasive answer was at first received, and when the claim was followed up with persistency, the department of the Chief Seoretary, after fencing wiih the matter for some lime, at length in effect virtually repudiated the liability of the Government to contribute the sum named towards defraying the expenses of building the Albury church. However, just four days before Mr. Parkes started on his southern tour, a happy thought seems to have entered his head, and to the surprise of those interested, who had begun to consider the case hopeless, a voucher for the £1000 was forwarded from Sydney. Thus shortly before the Premier arrived in Albury the Catholic residents there became aware of the circumstance Of the money being at last forthcoming from Government. The intention of smoothing the path for a pleasant reception of Mr. Parkes at the federal oity is very perceptible. TATLEY. 