NEWS AND NOTES. Mr Thomas Brown, who attempted suicide on Thursday, has been admitted to the Hospital, and is progressing favorably towards recovery. A singular accident occurred at Hamilton's wine and spirit store, Armstrong street, on Friday morning,, by which a young man named Edward Rogers, an assistant,-was severely burnt.about.the, body.' . While.' engaged’ on cleaning out a .spirit: vat and using: a lighted candle, by some .means the-lighti; came in con tact with the side of the . vat, which ignited, and the inside was immediately in-a- blaze. Rogers was severely burnt from the knees upwards, principally about tho front part-'of'the body) and taken to tho Hospital. We have received'a'cbpy'of a petition,'.which, ia'now being signed, from the holders of land under tho 49th clause of the "Land Act; bh the - Bhninyong road; and . addressed to the Legislative Assembly. The petition, sets forth that the land isvbfibad quality,-that largo sums of money have already been spent upon it, and’ that)) the; improvements, made. haye 'added greatly to the value. of the , land.;,:-It -is stated .that .license- , fees have been paid greatly.in excess of the value of the land, and that when such land has been put up for sale its value has been estimated in its present condition, without regard •-.to-the' original quality of the soil. The petition further says:—“That your petitioners believe (that: ini such cases as .theirs the conditions of license might,'- without the slightest detriment to the public interest, be-,assimilated to those of the 42nd section and the 19,tix sCcUon bf ; the" Acts of 1865 and 1869. respectively; at all events in so fur that the licensees should be permitted to pur chase their improved holdings at the price of £1 per acre, tbat'the'license-febs'•should gonnisatisfaotioniof: the purchase money, .and thatyiu. cases .where in con sequence of mining ‘br other bbJebtidrisThe right to purchase is- denied to them fbr an indefinite period, they should' obtain leases imposing easy conditions and a merely nominal rent.” - A meeting of the Eisteddfod committee was'held at Sebastopol on Friday evening, when it was resolved that the entertainment should extend over only one day, namely, the Ist March." On that day there will -be speeches, limited to fifteen'minutes,Vand solo sing ing, and in the evening there will be a concert, not confined toWelsb singing aloHe; It was contemplated at one time to have a competition of ) choirs,’hut.This was.found not . to be-practicable. . These arrangements are, of course, subject to -the approval of the general committee. ' ' ■ '"."..t. " - - - - Friday was, apparently, a capital day for fishing at Lake Wendouree; : nearly -everyone -wlio' i went out in a boat with fishhpok.and .worms caught dozens of fish. Those who kept amongst thfi rushes'made, some: excellent hauls.: .-'..Vi-.-- V;);-),).-;';-,': At the Town Police-court on Friday, two drunkards were dealt with in the usual way. Ellen Roach, Jane Sinclair, and Rosina Madden, disorderly charac- ters, were each sentenced to three mouths' imprison- ment. The mayor and ex-mayor attended at the court-house. The sale of the Lothair plant and' : plaim : took place; on - Friday, apd created . great; interest among • the in habitants of Chines,' more especially the mining com-' munity, who are well aware, apparently, of the importance attached to the working of this filaim os bearing upon the prosperity of the district. The -plant and claim were submitted iu one lot, by Mr i¥. M, Olajrton ; ,,o,n behalf of,the. mortgagee, and sold to Mr; Cuthbert . for ifin ppm of- £4750, the: equity) of redemption’heldfiy j the Union Banff being- poi.d to, the same purchaser' for £4O. It is understood' that arrangements will be made for forming a new ‘ bbm pany to work the ground. " • Our Smytheadale correspondent writes:—“ A land board consisting of Mr p.Chauncy, district surveyor, and 'Mr John Jones, president of Grepvillpshire, sat at the Smythesdale Court-house oh Friday, 18th Hebeipber, to consider applications for land in various portions of the district, Mr John Lynch, authorised surveyor, and Mr Jones, .Crowuiaiidv bailiff, were in attendance. -There was unusually heavy .busineßEj befdrp tfio police*, ipojift jkbe ijime ;d_ay, ?l«jng.-pqjuple(}, with hut four o’clock ip the pfterpopp, and the land board quU attendants were, of course,' liqahfe,-; U) get th.® $ the court-house, and had to cram themselves into tfee magistrates'room to .transact their business. If this \- were the first time that arrangements clashed in a similar way, it might'be more easily passed over; but it certainly, seems to be-' very reprehensible that those persons who make the holding land boarcls'sbould not appoint a day atr.Smythesdale when the court-house is ’This will not surely be a.diffibult matter'-to 'accomplish, as the court housed generally idpocoupied'fivey days in the week. '-It ‘ is-"'to be -hoped confusion, which has so often before occurred that it, might Almost be re garded as the rule rather than the. exception, will be 'prevented’in-future.” - -; - - - - - —r.~r Apleasing fentCrtainmeut, consisting of choice read .ingB,TwM'given' tSiB t Rev. J. W. Inglis on Friday ■'6Vening ) "in'thereading-TOom ;; o£the~Pablio-Library. There j were about 200 persons.preaent.and the chair was occupied by Mr WrScott, president of the Public Library.' The “"reverend 1 gentleman, by hie masterly style of elocution;'was, moat ■,successful: in gaining Re peated; applause audience,i'-The following was the programme of the' readingS'.-rrScene from- tho “ Lady of.^the; Lake” (Scott), “[Betsy; and Tyare out” (Will. Carieton), “ How Betsy and X made up” (Will. Carletdn), .scene" from “ King' Henry.’Vlll.” (Shak speare);vrMansie'.Wauch’s,'First ‘ and;;,Last 1 ,Play” (Mohj; in.ißrpse;"being, a; a Ghost Story of .Christmas,” by Charles Dickens.. ■: At. the conclusion gf. the readings, which', were in aid, of the funds-of the library, aWote of thanks wasActorded -toßhe Rev, Mr Inglis. ...t,. : Mr Qed. Thompson,' of Sturi street, is ‘again'to 1 the' fore with: his ’Christmas'!gifts,.in; the shape of cakes, containing,coin of.the.realnj from half-a-soveraign to a. Thegelcakea are'tnadenp.in sizto from one pouuditd three pounds; “oneof-everyflye, large and small, containing a valuable .deposit.of •; gpld.prv silver. On Friday afternoon-the-Mayor-of-the- Gity - (Major W. C. Smith) and Mr F. M. Claxton attended at Mr Thompson’s,. the work of placing the brightjnew money ih..the of :iglS; and the names of these gentlemen la a guarantee of the genuine character dt’the gifts. -'Each of the'cakes after receiving the money..was ;wrapped up . in paper all alike; and tuken to, the . shop: to await the lucky purchasers. success that has previously .attended the disposal'"of- these gifts, Mr Thompson ■will: probably : ;have.do ' increase .[the ...number before Christmasnve, for besides the chance'df obtaining a prize, the article itself is worth the price asked. ; ; -j - : An entertainment of sacred.music,was given to the inmates of the Benevolent AsyliinToh Fridiiy'evenirig 1 ; by the sdholara'pf[' the ; Primitive MetbodisV Snn = day-[ ■ school, Eyre'-street, The children;’‘numhering’ over 100, were oouduoted to 'the Asylum by -the auperm-' tendent, Mr,Taylor, and teachers, and for. two hours the old.men , and, women were-delighted [withfthp. children’s effedtiva.roudering.of the solos and choruses., selected for the occasion. Mr James Uren acted as conductor,.and -Miss ■" Wright - presided f at the bar- ' moniiim. ; THe solos were sung by Mrs' Uren and Miss 0\. Daviesi “ of thapkkand ;oheers : were given by the inmftted'tp'all whd : assisted)' which •’ wdduitably-acknowledged by ; Mr "Urefij'whoinreturn called for cheers for Mr and Mrs -Roughen aud the inmates. , Mr Roughen briefly replied; .and the, old people separated highly pleased with their- evening's [treat.; Mr Uren promised to reyjst tirem early in the New Year. ''• " ; • :o: ’ ' At a meeting of- the clothing committee of the Bal larat j Volunteer Rangers-on ..Friday , evening, the tender of Messrs Allender and White was accepted for the supply of uuifprmtp:the battalion. : z- - The annual exhibition' and [demonstration of the Victorian College. previous tp the Christmas vacation was .held on 1 ! Friday evening ; at thb schoPl-roofn; Webster . street, and; passed, .off , very successfully.; There [was 7a- large . attendance of .■ the patrons and friends, of [theflhstitntibn) the ladies beingin the ma-' jdrity, and Father .[Neylau was, in the chmr.' . The, .proceedings-’ commenced with the performance of . a pleasant little- historical Christian drama : by the Rev. W. [Kelly, S. J., entitled “ Is he a Traitor ) ”;iii which' ah opportunity was given,to the-pupils to display, their ; [elocutionary and declamatory abilities, and the result must have.been alike'.gratifying tp ; the principals of: the college (Mrs Parker and Miss Sheppard) as well as to the parents'and-friends of the pupils,' as showing the progress made-in. this necessary department of education.. The prologue was delivered,by Miss Maud Coghlan, a young lady eleven-years of age, in a very : praiseworthy manner,: the dramatis persona being as follow:—Bencheela (an old general—a Pagan), Miss , Fitzgerald; William (an old mountaineer—a Christian), : Master, MlCann; Agnes (sister-in-law to the. [Christian), Miss A. Tappin; Ziipha I (her daughter— a ;Bagan, Miss A. Striitton;' GecUia‘(daughter of the \- Kiug—a Christian), MissM. Madden; King (a Pagan), Master J, Jennings; Prince Mark (his nephew—a Christian, r son of Agnes), Miss M. Brophy; Achmet (an old noble—a Pagan), Miss Coghlan,-Miss B.Ryan;. ■Alrddzin (supposed son of Achmet), Miss M. VValshe. ■The performances were frequently applauded, and at the! conclusion of the .drama the Rev. .Father ,Neylan complimented the principals of the college, on the .training and advanced stage of , education arrived at by the pupils, and moved a vote of thanks to the : young, ladies who had assisted, which was car ried by acclamation. The rev. gentleman then distri buted the prizes as follows,' accompanying, each with .Words of commendation:—Firafc priza for marks ob tained—Miss Walshe; 'second,' Miss Stratton; third, 'Miss U.;Coghlan; -fourth. Master R. Wrigleyl Danc ing:— Miss Tappin. Competition’—Miss Brophy. General, improvement—Masters p. Fitzpatrick and W. Craig. Catechism and Christian doctrine—Mias Coghlad. J Good ■ Burrough. The re mainder.of the evening was passed very enjpyably by those present. Tho Misses Newman, Cpghlan, :Bur ' rough, and Madden favoring the company with some • well-rendered musical selections. ,c,:iWe have received £1 9s 6d from' Mrs Moyle) of Durham Lead, collected by her for the Benevolent Asylum. '[ ' '-'■-•[••■• \- i.Mr.W. Bard well is now,preparing an album ;of. 20 views of Ballarat, in . cabinet-size; and-already has. taken several photographs'of; the’ principal localities, all of . very great merit, the viejvsdf Ballarat East from Burke" and [ Wills monument,' and the Sturt street' ..series will" be finished in about a month, and will be very valuable to those desirous : of acquainting theiri.'friends i at a: distance.with the.topography and .scenery s of the dis trict. ' . : : " "I ' The sale of the booths, &c.;, icfconnection with the ensuing annual Smythesdale athletic sports took '"place, by public auction, at the Court-house 1 hotel, [Smythesdale, on 18th December;; Mr- J.. S. Lyon, officiating as auctioneer., The following was the re sult:—No. 1 publican’s booth,' Mr’J.’ O’Cbhh'or, £23; No. 3, do; '£24p No. 3;:Mr'A-.'Veitch;:£27; No ; -1 con-- . fectionery and fruit-stall, Mr O’Lougtilin, £l2; No. 2, do, 5 £l6. The right to sell the sports cards waa piir chased by. Mr C. Ten brink, at £i 10s. The fees,of. the borough weighbridge for the 1 ensuing year[.wefej submitted to public; competition; ; at,‘the [same,time, and £3l was offered, but the - bid-was disputed, and the sale was withdrawn: 1 - • ■ : ■ ? • ' On Monday morning- (says' the Kilmore-Express) between six and : seven o’clock 7 a.m., 5 us - Mr James .Abeam was driving into KilmPrP,' he'found a cart up set and the horse on the/broad ..of ;fts back', kicking hard to release itself; another horse being:tied behind, the'driver) Mr [Fogarty; being [imprisoned underneath : the cart. Having tried unsuccessfully to extricate himself by:cutting. his way put with;his pocket knife, and' succeeded 5 only- in getting- his- head -out, he, exercised his lungs epoeying. .for, help)’ : With a' great amount of trouble Mr Abeam succeeded [ih -releasing the prisoner from his perilous position. The horse, we understand, was startled by a flock'of Kangaroos) [ Most of our playgoing readers 5 will remember Mr Batson, who used to play bn the boards of the Royal. We learn that hehas tor some time been playing lead ing parts .in Carry George’s company, during her pre sent tour in- thAEast, and that,he [will shortly pay.a visit to Ballarat again, v " " T i ‘ : •' - * The Arz/its has the following wholesome remarks on the .-Weechurch. trial:—“ In , the name of the com munity,: we think it our duty to: protest ogainst the shameful libehce claimed by and" accorded to the learned counsel.-for the defence in the conduct of this case. Mr Ireland’s , allusions to Mr Duncan were cowardly* outrageous, and unsupported by a tittle of evidence, unnecessary in the interests of j ustice, and disgraceful to the liberal profession of which he is a [" member. We are aware that, according to the custom. [ of the courts, barristers may indulge in any remarks which they think calculated to benefit their clients, even when they "know that their statements or in sinuations are utterly devoid of foundation, foully scurrilous, and transparently unjust, Rut this is one of the scandals of; our civilisation—one of the. blots on our judicial system; and if judges are desirous that their courts should continue to command the respect of a public daily growing in intelligence and acquiring a keener appreciation of its rights, they will do their. Jitipoat to, prevent the proceedings before them being s made the vehicle pf disseminating libels'‘on the actions; and-characters of individuals, either in public dr pri , vate stations.,'We consider that the Grown Rroseoutor ..was guilty of a serious error in judgment in not calling Jfr Duncan, in order to dispel the rdnpance Which the prisoner bad jbq> ingeniously contrived to.weaye about himself. It may ha that [ the -gasp, was 'cqmpl.ete without doing , so, but in all proaecutipna of this de scription thereis something more involved than the. mere ; conviction 5 of the-prisoner. - It is- desirable, wherever possible, to vindioata the conduct of public oncers, and not / allow .people ;-to ;run away with .the impression, tl;at because some scoundrels’ lies are not answered, they are[nnauswprablp,” ?. ij a- ;j _j News was received by tljo mail from M r Dean, .who was commissioned, (says the ' Qeelong .Avderliser ’) ‘by-the! .1 .Rilot.: Company ;to . purcfliise a!bpat to replace tha^;; Gpraair;;' f lfiß gqptlenjan states that. he in Gbprid;,ijj'" ijfoqfr- Ipu.d; ywyjfjut'yaohVthat ho wijl\’be superior to anything ye& "seen r-.hefe.-ij ,?he‘ yessel;Wasb'uiljb; at Limiugton, in Southampton iyatßfS, fop a payal dgcerj but has seldom had'bpportunities to diatinguishher self, owing to the long illness of her owner. . Sbie ia sblMmner:rigged;kndtof 70 tons merchandise and 155 measnfenient. She sailed ■..-omSthe' 17th September, ther' samej day as the/ Sobraon^,which has arrived, and ’may therefore be expected-. hvery day. total oostj;Mr Dean’s\expenses hot,included, was i s £2BlTloa Bd;* l Her;- moorings and,anchors arrived in thVßen Cruachan, and Mr Deah says she is as perfect a model of a yacht as he would wish to see. —There;was a small- smash at. the.. Crimes .railway station on Friday, caused by what is-Known as a “ flying shunt.” Some trucks or carriages were being ~shunted,-and the impetus„being. top, great, jthe _train burst the barriers and broke a,hole.in,the-,goods shed, capsizing the equanimity arid'part of the 'office furni ture of Mr/JPermewan,’ of Ferine wan. and Hunt.. No! .great damage-was done. . ■ ■. v W'-O'i-- The following remarkable statement relative ‘to"''the Education Act is 'inadeby the' ‘Kdm>re‘Hree : 'Press:— ■ '“ Indeed, the only thing ■thathas-Eustairied the act so far, is the opposition ikli'as religious sects, notably the’.Catholics arid Church of •England men.” • •• .* ■ ; We think thelUryus is. right.' in saying; as to the alleged refusal of captains to take the murderous i scoundrel Sullivan in''their ships, “if the difficulty started is found.’to be)insuperable, we think that the Government ought to.send.him down in the.Pharos leather than keep him Here in gaoli •’ His return to New ■ Zealand in thia manrier: would be a 'solemn protest /against the practice of .turning murderous scoundrels .loose upon the'world; and be a forcible hipt to'the people of New Zealand and other coldriies'that ,they must not seek to. get rid of ineonvenient’criminaia by the aicapla process of transferring them to their neigh bora.” 11,I 1 , ..’ Contractors should’be careful' (says th e Herald) when tendering tor government wprk;to : comply with the regulations set/do.wri. for their-, guidance. This morning the Commissioner, of Railways had, to I refuse the lowest tender for some work-in consequence of the contractor,depositing his tender at the' Railway Office instead-of in the tender-box at the’ Lands; Office. Another reason for the tender being rejected was, that -a cheque Was attached to the tender in place of a cash deposit.; " " ' VT/ ■■Mr Samuel Phelps, jun., opened, at Sydney on Saturday last (says the Herald) in Robert >,Brieriy, in “Th'e;Ticket of Leave -Mari.” . He is described as -a -young actor with a very moderate knowledge -of stage; 'business. He was so nervous that' it was . with diffi culty he got through at all. On ther next /.night “bfc performance he showed to greater ’advantage; arid-ob-' , telned a call. Hoskins and Miss Colville .played, ’re-* spectiv.ely Hawkshaw. and May Edwards in.the "same piece.. At the Queen’s Theatre the Darrels were play ing” Medea” alternately with “ Leah” to ..moderately good houses. • .• r -! i A Herald telegram from Hamilton 1 on Friday says : —“A disastrous fire broke out’in the town this morn ing by which Mucky's Temperance hotel, Grey street,-, and M’Culloch’s Boarding-house and 'Temperance ', hotelwore.qopapletely,/destroy ed: ; . v, ’' ' The followicg telegrams appeared in the-A ryiw on Friday:—" Dunolly, Thursday.—The heatto- day has been Intense, and bush fires are raging in; all-direc tions. -The grass near the railway station caught fire 1 .from some,unknown 'cause. After -spreading/some' distance, It was’ultimately extinguished, with. corisi- , derable difficulty. .Echuca; Thursday.— The ; poor ' fellow Taylor, who fell from the scaffolding dri : ;Hare 1 street yesterday afternoon, died last night from the Injuries he received by the fall. Theweather ’ia.hot ■ again; ‘the thermometer■ 102 deg. indoors. A few- Bays ago it was down to 61 deg. indoors.” : ‘ ' Swimming matches—an/annual affair—in /connec tion with; the Hobart Town City-school are reported’ in .the, Mercury. When ; will’; Victorian '.schools, b’e treated to similarly useful.athletic exercises?. :. ‘ To show jhe - estimation.in which’ Blondin is held, we [Chronicle)‘.are ialoriaei, on good authority,:that: a resident of Stawell-walked -to Melbourne and back,' for the . sole' purpose' of seeing the; reriowned rope-/ walker; he states, also, that he’ is perfectly, /satisfied;’ with his jaunt, and considers himself fully repaid by witnessing; 7 what" he terms, the marvellous feats of the Chevalier. The Tasmanian’papers report that on Sunday.morn-, ing last the ceremony of the reception of a young lady ' (Miss Clara Robinson, a native of Tasmania) into the Presentation Convent, .Hobart,Town, took place at St. Mary’s Cathedral, in that city. The novice-elect takes the riame in- religion .of Sister Mary Teiesa, after St. Teresa. ' '* /..I’.. ' ” A Hera Id' telegram from Sandhurst on Friday says : 7 —“Gruden, the ’manager of . the ’ Union.; Bank “at Rochester, was to-day brought up at the City Police court, charged with the embezzlement. of the bank’s funds to the extent of--£lO5. Mr Walsh, of Mel bourne; defended the prisoner, -'and stated that the bench had no ppwer .to .try the'ease,, Rochester not being in the Smdh'urab district; The' case Was remanded to Rochester for.'.next’Thursday, -bail being allowed.” ~.... Mr R. Richardson, M.L.A., was presented at /the Shire-hall,Kingston, on Thursday (says the''A dver tiser) with' an'address, by■ the f president, on behalf of the Creawickshire Council and ratepayers.. i -/The Rev. G. 6. yance, incumbent of Kew, will preach in St. Paul’s Church to-morrow, morning and evening. Mr Vance, who; is a very able clergyman of the Church of England, is likely,’ we understand, to be appointed/Biahop .of Briabarie; being one of three selected,’from ambngst whom the final choice,will be made by the Australian: prelates; . The collection /at. St. Paul’s to-morrow .will be in aid’ of the Home' Mission Fund' of the Ballarat Archdeaconry.' ... A united Sunday-school service will- be given to morrow afternoon in St. Andrew/s Church, when the Revs. Wm. Henderson and J. F. Horsley will deliver addresses. A collection will be’, iriade' in aid of the Bible' Society. ‘ The next /lecture of the series 7 oh “ Christianity and Culture ” wild be,: delivered to{, morrow evening in St. Andrew’s Church. '' : r _ The programme of the'L-d LaT Falls Turf Club Races, to : take place on the Ist January; is published incur advertising columns.-There, are- ; six events, and they will, no doribf, attract/a' jargenumber of entries. ,' .■ .- f The Linton-annual sports will take'place.at Linton Parkpn’N,ew Year’s-‘day.' : ' ’ '[ A cricket -match,.East vWest, will be; played this afternoon .on the Eastern 'Oval./;( ; ; A meeting of the residents of /Haddon will be held at Campbell's hotel, on Monday evening, to take Into consideration the action of the Legislative Council in rejecting the Mining on'Private-Property Bill. A match at bowls Hetweeh the Ballarat and City j clubs will be played on the City green this /afternoon, commencing at three'o’clock. 1 ..■ •> ; ' ■; : - ;1 v; It will be seen.by oiir advertising'oolumns'tbat the j iriuster for the . funeral of the. late Drill- instructor Heath is called.for.three o'clock to morrow afternoon. ’ 1 , ; The Farmers’ Club will meet; to-day at two p.m., when Mr M’Dowall. will read a paper oh “The recla mation of waste and wormout lands." Mr Tunbridge has- several sales of freehold property; to-day. ’ ■’ . ; / / , ; _ ; , The booths tor jthe. Lal Lai. Races will be sold at Messrs O’Farrellrand Son’s .yards to- day. According ; to, .announcement in our advertising columns, - James - Oddie arid Cos., auctioneers, intend offering .Craig’s Royal hotel, at one o’clock, the Borishaw-freehold estate.’: ‘. ; 