Local and General H.M.S. Beagle.-This vessel, after visiting the pearl fishery on the North West Coast, steamed into Gage's Roads on Sunday last. She is commanded by Lieut. Randall, R.N. who while at Cossack spared no trouble in as- certaining that the rights of the aboriginal and Malay divers were properly respected, and that the treatment they received at the hands of their European employers was such as afforded no cause for just complaint. The Beagle brought as passengers two prisoners, named respectively Smith and Shea. The former was employed by Mr. Broadhurst, as foreman and superintendent of his establish- ment at Shark's Bay, and he is charged with feloniously receiving a valuable pearl the pro- perty of Mr. Aubrey Brown. The nature of the offence with which the other prioner is charged has not transpired. Postage Rates.-The Hobart Town Mer- cury gives some interesting statistics concern- ing the results ot the reduction in rates of pos- tage made in that colony some years ago : " The reduction by one half in the rate of in- land and intercolonial postage in Tasmania in 1871 was estimated to cause a loss to the Treasury of £4000 for that year. The in- creased number of letters, however, reduced the actual deficiency to £3160. The still increasing business of 1872 improved the post office revenue by £991 over that of 1871, and a still further, improvement took place last year, the receipts fpr 1873 having been £1300 in excess of those for 1872. Thus, in two years, increased postal communication has in- creased the revenue by £2300, or within £900 of the total loss ff having reduced the postage rates by one half; a very satisfactory evidence of improved business on the part of the colon- ists, and of the wisdom of reducing the charges on every hindrance to trade. The returns for 187e, which would probably, show, a still fur- ther addition to the revenue, have not been completed. TELEGRAPH EXTENSION.-It is very en- couraging and gratifying to us to be able to report the continued success of the construc- tion of the inland telegraph, and we cannot help congratulating those through whose un- tiring energy the work is being carried out. When the extension of the telegraph into the inland districts, and through to Albany on the' one hand and to Champion Bay on the other, was first projected, there were not want- ing those who were disposed to prophecy a speedy and complete failure of the undertaking, alleging as their reason that the nature of the country to be traversed by the telegraph was, in many places, not only such as would cer- tainly dishearten the most energetic contractor, but also presented physical difficulties which the concentrated wisdom of the directors of the undertaking would fail to overcome. But, up to the present date,-and only one more link is wanting to connect together all the settled dis- tricts of the colony-no insuperable obstacle has prevented the accomplishing of the work. The line is now open to a distance of about 150 miles beyond Newcastle, on the way to Cham- pion Bay, and, in the course of a few more weeks, we hope to congratulate our northern friends upon having the delicate spirit Ariel at their beck and call. A Lenten History.-The good priest of a little parish in the west of Ireland, before Lent began, walked twelve miles to the sea-coast to lay in his annual stock of salt fish which en- abled him to pass through his long fast with- out too great discomfort. He has the son of his sexton as servant, a great hulking fellow, who is always hungry. Scarcely a fortnight had elapsed, when, one day, on dinner being served, no fish was forthcoming. " Why have you not brought in the fish ?" asked the worthy man. " Surr," replied the servant, " You have eaten your share, and I've eaten mine." " Yours ! Then you must have eaten three times as much as I have." " I belave I 'ave, surr." The colour rose to the good priest's face, and he was on the point of losing his temper; but, mastering his anger, he simply said " Well, I'm sorry for you. You must have been thirsty after it." Wreck.-Intelligence reached Perth late on Friday evening last that a three masted vessel had stranded on the Murray Reef, and fears were entertained that it might he the Amur, belonging to Fremantle, commanded by Capt. Ferguson, daily expected from London. These fears, however, were soon dispelled by the re- ceipt of another telegram notifying that a police messenger had arrived at Fremantle bringing intelligence that the stranded vessel was the barque Chalmers, Captain Alexander, bound to Fremantle from Mauritius, sugar-laden. The cause of her wreck is attributed by the crew all of whom were saved-to a bush fire being mistaken for Rottnest light. The whole of the cargo, which consisted of 4,528 bags of sugar, has been destroyed. " Shoo Fly."-Many people have wondered as to what was the possible sense and meaning of the mysterious " Shoo Fly " song, which has come so much into vogue, and which is included in the varied repertory of our Minstrels ' of the West. The tune and portions of the words are really the same as have been used at negro camp meetings. The preacher is supposed to be giving out a hymn, and he is continually interrupted by a vicious blue-bottle, which set- tles on his nose just as he is about giving out some particular phrase in his best nasal intona- tion. He sings - " I feel, I feel, I feel, Just like my mother said, The angels calling blessings down Upon this nigger's head. Shoo fly, don't bodder me, etc.'' The song is a travestie upon one of the most wonderful religious movements ever known. BURGLARY.-A daring case of burglary and another instance of the clever capture of the perpetrator has to be recorded this week. A police constable named Keen, not long on the force, while on duty patrolling Hay Street, ob- served a light in the drapery department of Mr. Shenton's store, about one o'clock on Mon- day morning, and his suspicions were at once aroused. Without loss of time he placed him- self in communication with another constable, Corporal Hall, and carefully watched the pre- mises. They watched not in vain. In a few minutes a man was observed quitting the shop with two bags of clothing in his possession, valued at about £10. The police, of course, pounced on their prey, and the burglar was conveyed to the lock-up. Upon being searched a complete set of housebreaking implements were found in his possession, and storekeepers and householders may be thankful that the vigilance of the police has cut short the career of a determined burglar. His name is Ralph, and he is stated to be an escaped convict, hav- ing broken out of Fremantle prison, in com- paring with two or three more ingenious and enterprising inmates of that establishment, several weeks ago. It is to be hoped the authorities will keep an eye upon him for the future. Wearing a New Boot.- It is a little sin- gular how well a pair of boots can be made to fit at the store. You may be able to get your foot only part way down the leg at the first trial ; but that is because your stocking is sweaty, or you haven't started right, and the shoemaker suggests that you start again and stand up to it, and he throws in a little powder from a pepper-box to aid you. And so you stand up, and pound down your foot, and partly trip yourself up, and your eyes stick out in an unpleasant manner, and every vein in your body appears to be on the point of bursting ; and all the while that dealer stands around, and eyes that operation as intently as if the whole affair was perfectly new and novel to him. When your foot has finally struck bot- tom, there is a faint impression on your mind that you have stepped into an open stove; but he removes it by solemly ob- serving that he never saw a boot fit quite as good as that. You may suggest that your toe presses too hard against the front, or that some of the bones in the side of the foot are too much smashed; but -he says this is al- ways the way with a new boot, and that the trouble will entirely disappear in a few days, Then you take the old, pair under your arm, and start for home as animated as a relic of 1812, all the while feeling that the world will not look bright and happy to you again until you have brained that shoemaker. You limp down town the next day, and smile all the while with your mouth, while your eyes look as if you were walking over an oyster-bed bare- foot. When no one is looking, you kick against a post, or some other obstruction, and show a fondness for stopping and resting against something that will sustain your weight. When you get home at night you go for those old boots with an eagerness that cannot be described, and the remarks that you make upon learning that your wife has disposed of them to a widow woman in the suburbs, are calcula- ted to immediately depopulate the earth of women and shoemakers generally. Perth Young Men's Christian Associa- tion.- We are sorry to learn that this useful and once flourishing society is about to (meta- phorically) give up the ghost. At a special general meeting held on Monday last it was unanimously resolved to dissolve the associa- tion, and on Thursday next the instituion will cease to exist. SAVING MONEY - There is perhaps, no one in this world more to be pitied than the poor man-the man who has got into the habit of saving until he saves from sheer delight in seeing his wealth increase, and of counting ever dollar of expenditure as though its loss waa something that could never be repaired. Yet it is the duty of every poor man to save something. The possession of a few dollars often makes all the difference between happi- ness and misery, and no man, especially with a family dependant upon him, can be truly independant unless he has a few dollars for the the time of need. While extreme carefulness as to the expenditure of money will make a rich man poor, a wise economy will almost certainly make a poor man rich, or at least will make him to a considerable extent independant of the caprices of employers and of the common vicissitudes of life. Nothing is more important to the poor man than the habit of saving some- thing, but his little hoard will soon begin to grow at a rate which will surprise and gratify him. Every working man ought to have an account in some savings bank, and should add to it every week during which he has full em- ployment, even if the addition is but a dollar at a time. If he does this he will soon find the dollars growing into tens, and these tens into hundreds, and in a little time will be in posses- sion of a sum which is constantly yielding an addition to his income, which secures him a reserve fund whenever one is needed, and which will enable him to do many things, which, without a little money, he would be powerless to do. Serious Accident.-An accident, that might have been attended with fatal results, occurred at the Greenough not many days ago. A young man named Kenworthy, whose horse had been entered for the races, was engaged in giving his steed a gallop to test her speed. The animal stumbled and threw its rider on his head, with great violence, on the ground, where he remained for some time in a state of insensibility. When assistance arrived, it was found that the unfortunate man bad sustained a concussion of the brain, and for some time, no hopes were entertained of his life. The worst of it was, no medical aid was available, and it was only by careful and assiduous attention on the part of sympathising friends that his life with the blessing of Providence, was saved. Ths Mail Steamer "Georgette "-The arrival of this vessel at Albany from Adelaide was telegraphed to Perth at eleven o'clock on on Wednesday morning. The Georgette will convey the next incoming English and Colonial mails to Perth, and it is to be hoped she will meet with no further misfortunes. Ingenious, if True.-A new manner of catching rats writes a contemporary is exciting great interest among householders of Melbourne A barrel is filled half full of water. A layer of powdered cork is laid on its surface, and over this a layer of corn meal is sifted. A chair and a box or two are placed unobtrusively in the neighborhood, whereby the rat gains the edge of the barrel. He sees nothing but the meal. He has no innate ideas which teach him to be ware of the treacherous foundation on which that tempting surface rests. He sniffs, he leaps, and goes gently down through meal and cork to his watery grave. If any of his friends see him disappear from the edge of the barrel they hasten after him to get their share of the probable plunder, and are in turn taken in by hospitable death. The plan seems effective as against the rats, but is calculated to destroy their confidence in human nature. The Tichborne Claimant.-The Georgette which arrived at Albany on Wednesday last brings later telegraphic intelligence from Eng- land via Adelaide. Among other items of in- terest we learn that the Tichbarne Claimant has been convicted of the offences with which he was charged, and sentenced to penal servi- tude for 14 years. A Caution.-On Tuesday last at the City Police Court, one George Williams, a resident of Perth, was mulcted in the sum of £30 and ordered to pay the costs attendant upon the prosecution for selling colonial wine without a license. The Band in the Public Garden.-We are 'requested to draw attention to the fact that this evening will bring to a close the series of weekly performances given by the M.R.V Band in the public garden. These al fresco entertainments are brought to an end prema- turely owing in a great measure to the aggra- vating conduct of the larrikins who are allowed to congregate in the garden, and whose stone throwing proclivities have, on more than one occasion, nearly caused the Band master, and other members of the Band, to loose their sight. It is considered rather too much of a good thing for the Band to cater for the amusement of the public and at the same time subject themselves to a blow on the eye with a stone. When these performances were inaugurated we suggested that, with the view of excluding incipient ruffianism, as well as to augment the band fund, a charge should be made for admission, but the suggestion was not accepted, and what ought to be an agreeable diversion is spoiled by the pranks of exuberantly joyous lumkins. Return of Old Favorites.-" Absence makes the heart grow fonder." This, evidently, was the feeling which animated the crowd which assembled last night to welcome the accomplished Miss Ada Stoneham and her equally accomplished brother, at the Mecha- nics' Hall last night. An additional attractive feature was the presence ot Mr. Goulstone, a veritable admirable Crichton of an entertain- ment-monger. This evening this talented company will again seek the patronage of the citizens with an entirely new programme. 