THURSDAY. MARCH 12, 1874. THE his tory of the"Pormunent Military Force" of Now South "Wales soems likely to end in comedy. Tho Legislative Assembly insisted, last -week, on. the postponement of the estij mate for the maintence of tho Artillery Force, in order to give an opportunity of oxamining tho commandant at the bar of the House concerning tho state of the force; and further resolved, yesterday, to examine not only the commandant, but nine officers and members of tho corps, and also Major SHEPHERD, as a member of tho Volunteer Force. No one who spoke on tho subject seemed to have tho least expectation that tho examination of eleven witnesses, by a com- mittee of the wholo House, was likely to lead to a satisfactory conclusion. But some honourable members wanted to hear what tho commandant and tho commanding officer cf the Artillery Force hud to say in reference to the complaints laid before the House by some of the aclvocaies pf the men, anil in the petition whioh hm been presented . from members of the force. And whoa this was proposed, other members cf tho House strongly objected to their hearing ono party alone on tho question whether the officers had abused their power, or tho men had indulged in groundless complaints. Tho House having now given instruction to the Committeo of Supply to examine at tho bar these eleven witnesses, before dealing with the estimate of £10,157, put down for the maintenance of this force in 1874, tho prospect of the passing of that estimate is very remote. After tho perpetual round of punish- ments in the cells of the Victoria Barracks and in those of Darlinghurst Gaol, Which has formed the chief feature in tho history of thia íorco ßince its formation in August, 1871, tbere can bo little hope that tho House, on assuming in Committee of Supply the functions of a high tribunal for tho examina- tion of tho charges made by officers and men one against the other, will bo able to accomplish the work it has undertaken with- in a month. If there had been any real necessity for a Permanent Defenco Force, the aspect of New South Wales last evening, ns represented by her Parliament, in the face of her enemies, would have been most humiliat- ing and distressing. It had been said in the House, that nearly all the men in thiB force wished to be dis banded. .Members of Parliament, on both sides of tho House, openly expressed their opinion that the best thing to do with the force would be to disband it. . And no one stood up to contend for its continuance. The Opposition blamed the Colonial Secretary for having destroyed tho morale of the force ; tho Colonial Secretary retorted by charging members of tho Opposition with fomenting discontent among tho artillerymen. If New South Wales had been dependent on this ? Defence Force, her foes might havo exulted as they listened to these recriminations-over her prostrate and defenceless condition. But happily there aro no foes to take ad- vantage of our lack of military spirit, no dangers to overwhelm us where tho wavering discipline of the corps leaves a' breach. And this absence of tho danger which alone can "onstituto the necessity for a military force» is the happy explanation of that indifference to tho maintenance of tho Artillery which would othorwiso indicate the, absence of patriotism. Mon of military experience assure us that the manner in which the rights and wrongs of the force aro spoken of in Parliament is quito incompatible with tho preservation of disciplino. But'tho community has really no care about it. Wo have no military senti- ment j and it is useless for a few zealots to endeavour to kindle such a sentiment hore at present. Such ard«-nt patriotism as exists in Australia necessarily takes other directions than that of " mourir pour la patric" Our country demands of us not to run any risk of being made food for powder ond shot, but to strikeout now paths of industrial enterprise, to search out tho biddon riches of hor soil, to j do battle against internal evils, and to subdue tho earth to tho Borvice of tho people. In tho course of two br threo generations tho dangora of which Rome bellicose spirits try to conjure up tho ghosts, may perhaps be ' gathering over tho country. If this should bo tho caso, tho pcoplo will bo nono tho lesa prepared to loam tho art of war, from thoir having mado the best uso of tho halcyon days of peaco now given us. Australia must 'grow mighty by tho advancement of useful enterprise in theso ' colonioB. And then, as soon us there nro the I actual materials in the circumstances of tho country, out of which a sagacious Primo J Minister can construct a vulid argument for tho necessity of arming to dofend our homes and possessions, tho people will respond to his call in no doubtful manner. No Ministor has over yot had such materials ; and it is no proof of want of ability in tho lion, gontloman who lcd Parliament to adopt tho. schomo of a " Permanent Military Force," that tho force is, so noon falling to ' pieces. I The brief history of thia movemont is in 1 structive. Un tho 10th May, 1871, the " Act to próvido for the Regulation j and Disciplino of tho ? Military und Naval Forces in tho Service of hor Majesty's Govern- ment in Now South Wales" became law. During tho saino session Parliament appro- priated ¿£10,000 for tho maintenance of two corps of infantry and artillery during tho Recond half of * that i year. For 1872 tho sum of £20,000 wno appropriated for tho sumo purpose. And that was tho only timo that Parliament mado provision to maintain tho originnl Defonco Forco " pormunont" for ono wholo year, with I fractional parts of tho preceding and follow ; ing years. For tho sorvico of 187^5 tho I Government put down only £9952, dis j pluming with tho infantry altogether. In , mlation to this estimate, Sir JAMES ¡ MARTIN, on tho 3rd Decombfir, 1872, j moved in tho Legislativo Assembly, " That this House is of opinion that the omission I from the estimates of tho sum necessary to maintain the Infantry Force next year is a mistake." After two nights' debate tho [House decided by a majority of 27 to 20 against the resolution. And on the last day of that month an Act was passed authorising the payment of compensation, to tho amount of six- monthri' pay, to tho officers and men of the Infantry Forco. Tho sum < f £4198 10s was voted and appropriated for this purpose. And the force was disbanded. It was a welcome change to the men. They had enlisted when wages were comparatively low, and employment not easy to be got. During tho time of their Bervice a great chango took place in this respect. And by thoir disbandment they obtained not only six months' pay without work, but opporr tunity to entor at once on ' more profitable work. It is no cause for wonder, that their brethren in arms, the artillerymen, should envy their good fortune, and find the restraint of tho service in- creasingly irksome. . A no thor year hos passed, and while the mon of the'Artillery Corps appear to be impatient to bo released from their engagement, there is not. found among those whosupported Sir J AMES MAUTIN in the establishment of tho force ono member of Parliament to make a firm stand against the proposal to disband them. If the House goos through the labour of examining ? thoroughly the elos'en witnesses name 4, it will bo seen whether' officers or mon are to blame for tho existing state of the force, or whether the whole of the alleged disorder and discontent is attributable only to tho circumstances of the country. We aro inclined to think that the last of these conjectures will bo found to bo the truth. And wo should be glad to find that our artillerymen aro not more defective in their duty, nor their officers moro arbitrary in tho exercise of authority, than the officers and men of her 'Majesty's forces in general. Tho San Francisco and English mail closes f the General Post-office on Saturday next. Xt is now tito onl servira subsidised by tho Government. Letten, unices otho wiso directed, aro forwarded by lt. À mooting of members of the medical profeesie waa bold nt tl io Oxford Hotel, on Monday, to dip cu PS matte in connection with the proposed Medical Bill, and tu detc mino on nomo course likely to further tho payoff of som measure to protect the prof culo». After som o discussion of , conversational nature, tho secretary (Dr. Cox) wusempowert 1 tu communicate with thc Gorernnieat on tho »«bjoct. Yesterday, says the Yass Courier, a boy nome Davit, who ut tho last General Quarter Sessions held in A bury, was convicted of committing an indecent assault upon young girl, and sentenced t« :wo years* imprisonment ord tcntfon in such reformatory as the Executive might mun was released from Yass gaol, whoro he was being tcmporaril confined on his way to Sydney, on tho authority of his Exec lency the Governor. The warrant for the release stat« som tiling about tho lad being forwarded to tho Vernon. It woul appear ns if the Gorcrnmeat were disposed to piny into tl hundo of larriklnism. Air. \V. Sowerby, tho Secretary to tho Royf Botanic Society of London, writes to the Timm " Thc "lal notice in tho Times of the Medicinal Gum-Tree of Austral: (IZueaJf/ptusfftoùuius) having mudo that trco famous, in tyrant t the wilde world, and deluged the officers of this society, an also those, ns 1 understand, of other Botanic Gardens, with ii quriea respecting It, you will much oblige ne, as well ns tli public generally, by stating for tho information of nil whom muy interest, that there aro several specimens of the tr< growing in fha new hnuHo of economic plants In tho Bot tn! Society s Gardens in liegont's Park. One of them is about 1 feet high." Mr.4«. Baton's represen tatton of Queen Elizabet ls ono of th ii most remarkable performances ever som Ia tl] colony. - in thc dying eoene, where the unhapp}', Itnpcriot: woman, whohoscondcmncd^icr lover to death nnd broken lu own heart, the house was fairly enchained and held spell-bout) by sheer force of admiration, and when thecurtnlndropj ed til applause was deafening. Mrs. Bates was accorded recalls atti; termination of every net. Mr. Bates shared in ono with he for lils capital playing cf tho Earl of Essex, Mr. Hosken Burleigh, was rcinarkubly good, and a new hand name Aveling was an excollont Marquis de Mendoza. All tri minor parts were well filled in, and the scenery and appotn meats word butter than might have been expected. Art a mooting of settlers, convened by Coniniodor Goodenough nnd Mr. Consul Layard, thoRoynl Cominissh sent outfrom homo to report upon Fiji, was held ontheltt February in the Criterion Hall, Levuka, The building wa filled on the occasion, and on tho platform were, Commodot Goodenough, Mr. Consul Layard Mr. Läyard, Vice-Consn Mr. Terry, Secretary to tho Commission, Dr. Brewer, U.E Consul, Mr. Hahl, Consul-Gen era I for Germnny, and Mr. C Cud lip, Mayor of Levuka. In the course cf their remarks til Commisioners, Commodore Goodcnonghand Consul Layan enunciated tho opinion that lu the event of aunexntlon bein carried out, it would bo best to establish a'crown colon j*. Tli meeting denied thut annexation was desirable. Yesterday forenoon, after the ship John Duthi had hunted away from the Circular Quuy^an able seaman oi board, of the namcof Williams, who was somewhat inebriate ut tho time, jumped overboard and swain to thc .shore, wlier two females wore walting his arrival, -Bidding tho damsel good bye, he again plunged into the water nud swam back ti his ship, and, ns drunk ns he wan, climbed up the side of tl» vessel und got on board, only, however, to be given In ch u TRI by thechief-oiïleer to tho custody of the Water Police. Witt j some difllciilty Williams was handcuffed und taken to th Water Police station, aud will bc brought before the court to I day. Quite a crowd cf winona witnessed this drunken front of Jack, which caused a considerable amount of excite ment. I Mr. Arch, says an English paper, proposes ai ; enormous settlement in Canada of n little nation of settlers i Hereheshows a profound Ignorance of tho laws of politico economy, which aro only the records of universal experience Such a system of emigration obviously necessitates a va« , accompanying capital, in tho form of food, clothe*, und tooli of every kind; and can .Mr. Arch regard such a schemu ai possible P Even if ho persuaded Mr.Gludstono to grant then iree pacages at tho public cost, hugo reserves would still hnv< to bo piled up In Canada before her fields yielded harvests; and who ls to próvido them? And who ls to guarantee th< intelligence, the industry, and tho success of such settlers] Men suddenly placed in tho novel position of proprietors nn I not certain to be Industrious ut onco. Buch a scheme Is maul fest ly tho child of nu untutored imagination. A valedictory tea and public meeting, to take n farewell leave of the Kev. William Curnow, who ls shortly tc i leavo Bydney and visit England and the continent, was held last overing in the York-rtrect Wesleyan Chnf>el. In tin cchoolroom underneath thechurch, which was gaily decorated with Scripture mottoes. Howers, nnd evergreens, the table; ' covered with clemant tea-services, bouquets of fragrant dowers, and plates of sandwiches, rake, fruit, confectionery, and other ! delicacies were laid out. There were two relays, und about 25f pur: ons enjoyed tho social repast, which was provided gra- tuitously by lady members of thc conßregation. At thc publie meeting held nf ter the tea, there were present about ftW). On the platform were tho Kev. Messrs. H. II. I Gaud, J. II. Fletcher, Fidler, Oram, Greenwood, Wat kind John Graham, B. Chapman, W. Curnow, and others. Tho proceeding« were opened with oralee and prayer. In thc ubsenceof tho Hon. George Wigram Allen, who was to have Îresided, but was unavoidably detained nt Parliament, Mr olin Dawson was voted to tho chair. Tho chairman, after I advert ng to th" vnlnablo services rendered by their reverend pastor, who, ho said, was about to leave them for a neilson, perhaps for years, and maybe for ever, he called on tho Key. I J. H. Fletcher to convey to the Kev. Mr. Curnow tho recoin ! mcudatiou of thu late Wcsluyun Conference to tho HomoCun ! ference. The Kev J. H. Fletcher, ns President of the Confer- ence, then gave expression to tho wylies of tho conference, in appointing tho Hov. Mr. Curnow to represent them hi tho , Lnglifih Conference. He boro high testimony to Mr. Cur ¡ flow's abilities as n preacher-not only in the pulpit and on j the platform, but iu thu press-for the Inst twenty years. He then read a congratulatory resolution parsed hy the conference allowing Mr. Curnow a year's leave of absence, nnd speaking in high terms of appreciation of his pnst valuable t-ervlecs. He accompanied tho resolution with a letter from the con- ference, recommending A.r. Curnow to the fraternal regard Of the English Conference. In ron chiflo», ho spoke of tho re- spect which thevall hud for tho chairman for lils Inborn H in aid of tho church, who, ho naid, was about to accompany Mr, Curnow. The Ker. Mr. Greenwood, Un pt itt. Minister, then cinto forward aud stated that he was deputed on behalf of ttui-Sjuljii'j Young Men's Association, to present un address of thanks for his great services in promoting thc objects of thc society by taking part in their proceedings. This addl es was highly complimentary. The Rev. John Graham (Con- gregational) who wus loudlyniiplnudcd on riving,lu an elo- quent nddre-s, referred to his recent travels Tn Engliiud, nnd hor KN! that their beloved pastor would return (o thu' colony ofter n pleasant voyage nnd sojourn in tho old country, recruited In he:ilth, and his mind stored Vit h rlrhnnddeep knowledge. Tho chairman then read n letterer apology from thc Kev. Adam Thompson for not being Aldo to attend the meeting. Mr. James, bv request ol the members of the York-street circuit, then rend u testimonial, eulogizing Mr. Cumuw for hN enrncst-souled labours for t ho Interest* or the church. Mr. JohnGialmm, In a few remarks, endorsed nil th* good wishes which lind been tendered tho Ker. Mr. Curnow. Thc chairman said that it was now'his pleoMng duty to refer to tho principal object or the meeting, at least thc most substantial part of lt. J lc hat! recently been converging with Mr. Curnow about lits Intended vi-it, and ho had been informed that lt has for yours been Mr. Cnruow's intention to vhit England to seo his relative*, but he never could (Ind it potglMc for want or meaiiH. Under thenn cirrumstanecN nu nppeal wu« made, which was lllwrally responded to by Wesleyan*, and by members or other churches. It now guvo him great pleasure- lo present tho Kev. Mr. Curnow with n bank draft for LiVlMistho result of that apical. This announcement wns received with long and continued applause. The Kev. Mr. Curnow ucknowlcHßed tho great kltidnesM-H bestowed upbii him, In a speech full of gratitude to God for imM.. Wcv-!dlir.K, und for tho many tokensor esteem mid goodwill ho had'received from lils congregntlnu. Approhrluto uddrcsscM to thu occasion were then delivered by tho Hov. II. H. Garni mid others. During tho evening tho church chair wing eamu choice selections of Mcred music. Tho very interesting pro- ceedings closed shoitly after 10 o'clock. 