THE LAND QUESTION. The so-called Land Question is be coming' a perfect nuisance. Session after session of each succeeding Parlia ment, Bills to regulate the disposal and alienation of the Waste Lands of the Crown have been brought in, read, considered in Committee, debated upon line by line, clause by clause, in the Halls of the Legislature, the columns of the newspapers, and on the public platforms, ad nauseam , and yet still the cry is " They come ! they come ! " The thing is really becoming rather too monotonous, and one is tempted to exclaim — Confound the Land Question. It's quite time this ghost was laid ; and so it might have been long ere this, had there been any earnest desire or sincere intention on the part ot a majority of our legislators to fulfil their pledges to their constituents in this respect. On the hustings, candidates for electoral honours have been most profuse in their professions of a desire to " liberalise " the land laws of the province, but in Parliament the object aimed at by the majority seems to have been " how not to do it." We can well imagine that to a foreigner, or an unsophisticated child of nature these chronic agitations and discussions on the best method of disposing, of so many acres of land must appear unutterably absurd. There ought to be no difficulty at all about such a simple matter as this, nor need there be, if it . were not for this terrible bugbear of vested interests, which haunts us like a spectre whenever any attempt is made at deviating from the beaten path. In the early days of the colony lands were disposed of to fortu nate individuals who had cash at their command at LI per acre, who after wards sold again to less fortunate in- dividuls on terms at various prices ranging from . 35s. to £6 an acre. When it was afterwards proposed that farmers should be allowed to purchase on credit terms direct from the Govern- ment, the land agents, like the silver smiths of Ephesus in the days of St. Paul, raised the cry that their craft was in danger, and strenuously opposed any amendment of the land laws which would interfere with, the monopoly they had hitherto enjoyed, while many of, the farming' classes assumed the role of the dog in the manger, and predicted universal ruin if the price of laud were reduced below the rate which they had been obliged to pay for it. Thus, although we have had Land Bills and amendments of Land Bills almost with out number, selfish considerations have so far impeded the progress of any genuine amendment of our land system, that there is still a land question, and one which is apparently as far from being permanently settled as ever it was. We have certainly made a step in advance in affording facilities for taking up land on credit, but the ad vantages of this are counterbalanced in a great measure by the prevalence of dummyism and the excessive com petition for particular selections. To remedy these two defects in our present land system, many suggestions have recently been offered through the press and on the public platforms, but none of them appear to us exactly calculated to accomplish the end in view. The first of these evils might, we think, be easily eradicated by a more rigid en forcement of the cultivation clauses of the Land Act, but the second can only be met by a radical change in the system. The acquisition by farmers of lands at a reasonable price can only be guaranteed by the abolition of the auc tion system altogether. Our daily con temporaries recently drew attention to tli a hio'li fioMirp t.n wlnnh snma confirma in the South East were run up to by rival competitors — £6, £7, £8, £9, and even £10 per acre being bid. The . Government may, perhaps, congratulate themselves upon the replenishment of the Treasury coffers, but we are satis fied that it will be of no permanent benefit either to the Treasury or to the country generally. It is not at all probable that the farmers who have taken up land on such terms will ever pay for. their selections. They will pay the interest for a few years, make the minimum amount of improvements re quired by the Act, get as much out of the land as they can, and then abandon it for fresh fields and pastures new, where the process of exhausting the land and. rendering it worthless will be renewed. We maintain that it would be far better for the Government to sell the land to a bona fide farmer, whose interest it would be to make the land his own, and expend money in improv ing it, than to sell, it at £3 0 per acre on the present system; But, it is asked, how are simul taneous applicants for the same selec tions to be dealt with? We answer, there need be no simultaneous applica tions for land any more than for any article of merchandise. The present system of opening for selection only small tracts of country at a time is of course calculated, and doubtless is de signed, to produce simultaneous appli cations, and to foster competition; but if the whole colony were proclaimed an agricultural area, and farmers could select for themselves wherever they chose, due regard of course being observed of the rights of pastoral lessees there would not be so much demand for particular sections of land. Instead of being restricted to a particular locality, the farmer would then have the whole colony to select from, and when his choice was made he ought to be able to i go to the Land Office, pay his deposit, and take up the land at once, provided it has not been already taken up. If the land were sold to the first applicant at the upset price, there could be no simultaneous applications, and therefore no necessity for the auction system. Five years ago we expressed our opinion that the land question would never be permanently and satisfactorily settled without the establishment of the prin ciple of free selection before survey, and the experience of the practical working of the different systems which have been in vogue since that time confirms that opinion. We are satisfied that no system, however liberal its pro visions may be considered in some respects, will ever give permanent satis faction to the farming classes generally which is not based upon this principle. It should not be left to the option of the Ministry to say whether such and such lands shall be open for selection or not, but the farmer should be able to take his choice from all the unalienated lands in the colony. The expense of surveying it might be added to the price if it was thought desirable ; but that is a matter of detail which might easily be settled. Another measure of land reform which we have before advocated is the classification of land according to quality. We cannot see the justice or the expediency of charging a uniform price for land of good, bad, and indif ferent quality. We hold that it would greatly advance the interests of the colony generally if some inducements were held out to persons to take up land of inferior quality, and this might easily be done by dividing the land into four classes. The first class, com prising the best land, to be offered at Sciy cL JJUliUlIj UJLL6 bvvUiiU du JLvb»j 1116 third at 10s., and the fourth class, com prising the worst land, at 5s. per acre. We believe much of this land would be taken up and turned to account by German colonists, for we have fre quently observed the energy and per severance which colonists of this class bestow upon scrub land which natives of the British isles would be" afraid even to look at. If selectors of second, third, and fourth class lands desired it, they should be allowed to take up larger areas than those granted to selectors of first-class lands only. With regard to the classification, we do not see that there need be any more difficulty in it than in the valuation of sheep runs. Of course, if a competent person were appointed for the purpose, in determining the value of the land he would take other things into account besides the actual quality ot the soil ; for instance, the climate, average rain fall, and distance from a shipping port or market, would be taken into con sideration. Frequent changes of the land system cannot fail to be injurious to the best interests of the colony ; we hope, there fore, that when the next change is made it will have the effect of perma nently settling this much-vexed ques tion. 