RALPH THE BAILIFF, j Br Miss Bkadl-dn. j Cusrizu VII. JUSTEis A.Vii SLAVE. In spite of the elector's attention, in spite of her own care, Jenny Carlson did not regain her health. She felt herself gradually grow ing weaker; she felt that, by such slow degrees as were almost imperceptible, her ; strength was ebbing away from her. It was only by looking back at the end of a week, and remembering that seven days before she had been able to do this or that, which she j was utterly powerless to do now, that she discovered how much she had changed. She i struggled hard against this daily diminution j of her strength, for she seemed to have an | unreasonable horror of being confined to her room ; but she succumbed at laBt, and kept i her bed day after day. A good-tempered | maid. servant waited upon her, and brought ! her medicines, which she poured out herself. Her husbaud came into her room several times a day to ask after her health. He | brought her piles of novels obtained for ber from a circulating library in tbe market- town ; but he still appeared to nlake light of her illneBS, and was so much occupied about tbe farm that he could seldom stay with her ! for any length of time. She used to ask every morning whether Ralph tbe bailiff was going away that day, always to be told that he was not, but that he would leave iu a day or two at the latest. ! Once, after having received this answer, she turned her head round impatiently upon her pillow, and, with her face to the wall, burst into tears. I "Jenny, what is the matter with yon?" asked ber husband. She did not answer ; bat be could see that her slight frame was shaken by her sobs. " Jenny, I insist upon knowing the meaning of this." She lifted her bead from the pillow, sup ported herself upon her elbow, and, patting her hair away from her tear-strained face, said to him solemnly, " Dndley Carleon, tbe presence of that man is killing me, day by day, and hour by hoar. Shnt np in this room, I cannot see him ; but I can feel and know that an unseen influence is sapping my very life, and that inflaeuce is his. If you are not his Blave, if yon are not bonnd to him by some tie too fearful, to be broken, send him from this house ; or, if I have strength to crawl oat of it, I will go myself." "Jenny, Jenny, this is an invalid's fancy. Don't give me reason to think you are as mad aa Agnes Marlow." "Dndley Carleon, will yon send that man away ?" " Since you are so silly, yes. He shall go to-night." She held oat her wasted little band to bim with a smile. "Do this, Dudley," she said, "and X shall think that yon love me." Something in the tone of her voice, in the ad bat gentle expression of ber face, touched his reserved and undemonstrative nature. Dadley Carleon clasped her suddenly to his breast, and, biding his face upon ber shoulder, sobbed aloud. " 0, my poor little wife," he said, " what is : to become of us — what is to become of us ?" "Dadley, Dudley, don't cry. Yob terrify — yoa grieve me!" xie from Lis s-e&t; by the bedside, and brushed the tears from Lis eyes. I am a t'tol, Jenny ; fur I distress you and tnyse But make your mind easy. Ralph she.', go to-night. As there is a hearen above ns. he sioa.11 go to-night 1" roe torned out of the room as he finished speaking. I: was now late in February ; toere had been continued wet weather for upwards of a week, and on this day the rain beat incessantly against the windows of Jenny's room. Tbe sky withont was cull and leaden, and the wind whistled in the long corridor outside the door. Jenny found her novels very uninteresting. The volumes were too heavy for her no hold, and they dropped out of her weak hands and slid or the counter pane on to the door. She lay, hour after hour, listening to every sound in the house — to the servants passing cow and then across the hall below, to the occasional opening and shutting of a ooor, to the striking of the clocks, and to the barking of the sheep-dog in tbe back premises. The day was long and dreary, and the invalid welcomed the winter twilight and the maid-servant who brought ber tea. " lVho makes my tea, Mary?" Jenny asked, as the girl arranged the things on a table by the bed. " I Jo, ma'am." "And nobody ever tonohesMt but yourself?" "Nobody as I knows of, ma'am. I leave the teapot on the oven-top when I've mashed tbe tea, for it to draw. I'm sometimes out of tbe kitchen : but I don't suppose anyone would touch it." ' "Is Ralph Purvis often in tbe kitchen " Vfel!, he is, ma'am, pretty weil always about there. The weather's too bad for him to be much about the farm now, and he's very handy indoors." Half an hoar afterwards, when the girl' came to take the tray, she found the tea un touched : and her mistress to',d her to remove the tea-things, as she had no inclination either t-o eat or crink. The ceaseless and monotonous rain seemed t-o Jenny as if it were bent on fiovdfng tbe Grey harm t'nat evening. Tbe cold wind crept under the door of her room till the stiff folds of the heavy damask bed-curtains rustled. The sashes of the windows rattled every now and then, as i: an angry hand had been beat ing at them from without. The shaded lamp by the bedside left the corners of the room in obscurity, and Jenny's disordered fancy conjured up the flittering eyes of the bailiff leering at her out of the : snadow. "0, this dreary, dismal place!" she Eaid, over and over again. " Why doe3 Dadley leave me here to die alone r" roue could see ber face in an oval mirror banging up.n the wall opposite to her bed. The dim reflection in the depths of thi3 glass showed her a wan, pale, wasted face, and . hollow, fever-bright eyes. It seemed strange to her; and she shuddered to know it was ; her o.vn. " I shall look like that in my coffin," she ; said, "except that my eyes will be closed." i FleTen o'clock struck before her husband ; came to his room. He had slept in an adjoin- ing apartment during Jenny's illness. ; sue had in the course of the evening fallen | several times into a feverish slumber, and i could hardly help fancying she had slept for j hours, and that the night must be far advanced, i As the clock struck eleven, she fell asleep ! once more ; bat her rest was broken by j troubled dreams. I She dreamt that she was out upon the ! river- bank, with the rain falling upon ber uncovered head, and drenching her thin night dress. She was watching for Dadley, as she i bad watched for bim upon the night of tbe bailiffs return. Suddenly she found that she had a child in her arm- — a miserable, puny baby, that clang to her convulsively, and i twisted its tiny hands in the lace abont her j throat, as if it were trying to strangle her. j She strove to release herself, but it bang ' about her with a heavy leaden weight that j almost dragged her to the ground. | Tbe rain beating in her face blinded her ; j her naked feet slipped upon the river-bank ; i the low wail of the child rose to a shrill j scream of terror, and she awoke, with the ! cold perspiration streaming down her forehead, to bear the Olney clock chime the quarter, i and to hear, in tbe direction of tbe servants' j rooms, the same pitiful wail she had heard | from the child in her dream. What did it mean ? There were no children at the Grey Farm ; and there never had been since her marriage. The honse was said to be haunted. She had beard of more than one ghost story attached to tbe dismal pile of building ; but she had laughed at them as absurd. What if one of tb em were true ? A strange, mad desire to encounter the i supernatural terror — if terror there were — I took possession of ber. She crept out of her | bed, wrapped herself in a shawl, and stole | into the corridor. She was so weak that she | could scarcely stand, but she supported herself by clinging to the wall, and contrived to reach the landing of the principal staircase, on the other side of which was a door corn- mnnicating with the servants' rooms. This door was ajar, and she could hear that tbe child's cries proceeded from the other side. She passed into the servants' corridor, and traced tbe sonnd to the little sitting-room that had once been occupied by Ralph and his sister. A light shone through the crevice under the door of this room, and through a key-hole which bad been roughly cut in the wood. There bad never been a lock to the door, which was only fastened by a latch and an iron bolt. She conld hear the low pitiful wail of the child, and the voice of a woman trying to hash it to sleep. She fell on her knees at tbe top of the little flight of steps leading to the door, and looked through tbe key-hole into tbe room. Her hnsband was seated, writing, at a small table, by the light of one candle. Behind his chair, and looking over him as he wrote, stood Ralph Purvis the bailiff. A woman dressed in a black gown and a thick gray shawl sat by tbe little fireplace with a child in ber arms — a pale-faced, pnny baby, that kept np an incessant wail. Tbe woman bad taken off ber bonnet, and bad fastened it by tbe strings to the back of her chair. Jenny knew this woman, by her likeness to tbe bailiff, to be his sister Martha, Dndley's old housekeeper. Neither of tbe three uttered a word, and tbe silence was only broken by tbe scratchicg.of Dudley's pen over tbe paper, and tbe smothered crying of tbe child, muffled in tbe woman's shawl. When Dad ley's pen had reached the bottom of tbe page he stopped, glanced over what be had written, and then signed Lis j name. j "Now, your signature as witness," he said, ; handing the pen to' Ralph. "I shan't sign !"' answered the bailiff. "Y'hvnatr" " Because, I tell joe again, it won't do.'" "Hare you read it r" 1 " Yes. You settle this place on your law- ful son and heir, Dudley Carleon, junior, cry- ing there in tbe lap of his mother, your lawful j wife. Martha Carleon. You settle this pro- | perty on my sister's child, provided we i renounce all claim upon you and keep your : secret, and you go off to Australia with that ; curly-haired miss who calls herself your wife ! I tell yon it won't do. It's not enough. I i want the farm ; but I want money to improve \ the farm — I want that sir thousand pounds ; j and I'll hare that, or nothing." j " Six thousand pounds : " Jenny mechanic- ally repeated the words with a shudder. It was her fortune, no doubt, that this man wanted. Her fortune, which, should she die ; childless, would go to Dudley Carleon ; such j had been the condition in tbe marriage ; settlement to which she had consented. f Toe woman sitting over the fire never once ; looked up during this brief dialogue. Dadley ' buried bis face in bis hands, with a loud ; groan, and let his head fall upon the writing before him. Ralph Purvis struck his clenched fist upon upon the table, and said — "Look ye here, Muster Carleon. Go boat: a bit ; go back to four, or nigh opon Ave years ago, when you was a stripling just come home from college, and Master Martin was alive, and well and strong, and promising to make older bones than you, any day. Do you remember moping about the place, looking ; miserable ; or making belieTe to be happy, and looking more miserable still for making believe r Do you remember one afternoon, when they was making hay in one of the : river-side meadows, and yon was lying upon the ground pretending to read your book — ; do you remember my coming np behind you sudden, and bearing you groan ? I asks you what's the matter, and what it is that's on your mind ; and after a deal of talk, you tells me it's college debts : debts as you dare not mention to Muster Martin, because he's been : so kind to you already ; and you're afraid of an exposure, and Of being expelled, perhaps, and ail sorts of tbiogs ; and you're very ' proud, you say, and you'll cut your throat sooner than you'll live to be disgraced. I toiu . you I was very sorry for yoa, and said that if , you'd only been the eldest son instead of the i youngest, things would have been easy enough, for thea yoa coald have raised tbe j money npon a mortgage. We spoke about ! it again the next day, and the next, and tbe next after that, till we came, somehow, to be always talking of it, and we grew quite : friendly — a'most like equals." "Carse yoa!' groaned Dadley, with his face still hidden. ! "At the end of a month. Muster Carleon, ! I was awoke one moonlight night by you ; standing at my bedside. If I'd ever believed . in ghosts, I should have thought voa was one. If a ghost's horrid to. look at, it can't be toore horrid to look at than you was that night. You had a slip of paper in yoar hand, with something wrote upoo it — wrote small and backwards, and not like yoar own hand writing. 1 Ralph,1 you said, ' you're going to the market-town to-morrow ; get rue some of tbe stuff that's written down here, at a ' chemist's, and don't tell anybody who you're . getting it for!'. That was every word as ; passed between ns. 1 got the staff the next , day ; but I told the chemist's lad to give me | double the quantity that was written on the i paper, and to give it me in two packets, j labelled alike and sealed alike, and to sign j his name and write the date upon one of 'em. ! The shop was crowded, being market-day, and tbe master of it took no notice of me, or what I j was baying. I kept the packet that was j signed and dated, and I gave yon the other. This was early in August. Master Carleon died on the 2-lth of September. Well, things went smooth enough for a time ; you got out of your debts by means of a mortgage, which was kept pretty dark until the farm improved under my care, and yon paid it off. Now, all this time I hadn't asked you a favour, not so much as for a sixpence over my wages ; but it isn't strange that I expected to gain some thing by having served you faithfal." " Served me ! Yes. as the devil serves his bonded slaves." "I served yon faithful, anyhow ; and I said to you at last, 1 Come, Master Carleon, you're beholden to me for many things, but most of all yon're beholden to me for having kept a still tongue. Marry my sister, and make her mistress of tbe Grey Farm.' You laughed in my face, and refused me what I asked. I could afford to bide my time. Three years after your brother's death I had an explana tion with you in this very room. Yon knocked me down and split my head open ; but yoa came to terms, aud, a month after, you married my sister by bans at the Borough Church, London. You were ashamed of your wife, aud you were ashamed of what you had done, ico you buried her down in a country village, and as soon as yon set your eyes upon that fine curly-headed miss of your3, you packed mo off to keep company with my sister. But I wasn't quite such a fool as you took me for, Master Carleon. I had my spies in Olney, and I beard all about you from tbem. I heard of your marriage, and I heard of your wife's fortune ; but I determined to. bide my time, and to make things work round to my own advantage. I waited three or foar months after your marriage, and then, having sent for yoa to throw you off your guard, I stole a march upoo you, and came down here to look about me. I found poor miss slightly ailing. Since then she's got worse ; and yesterday I wrote to my sister, telling her to come down here, as I thought it likely she might have her right3 bofore long." Dadley Carleon lifted bis ghastly face from biB hands, staggered out of his chair, and fell on his knees at the bailiffs feet. "Look at me," he said, in a thick choking voice ; " look at me ; I am so degraded and lost a wretch that I kneel to you , aod ask you to pity me ! No, not to pity me, to pity her — the helplesB woman I have deceived. Save her, and I will surrender this place, aud every farthing I have in the world. Save her, and I will go out of tbiB bouse, penniless and shelterless, to beg my bread or die of starva tion. Save ber, and there is nothing I am not prepared to endure." "Will' yon endure the gallows?" asked Ralph with a sneer. Dadley groaned aloud, but did not answer. "No, I thought not," said the bailiff. "Now, listen to 'me. Let me alone,. and I'll keep yoar secret to the day of my death. Interfere with me, or try to thwart my plans, or pry into my business, arsd I'll let people know what yoa are. and how yoa poisoned yoar brother Mania." Jenny Carleon. cronohing a; the threshold of the door, had beard every word spoken by Ralph Purvis. Bat at this hideous climax her senses left her. aod she fell down the steps leading from the corridor. Chaetee VIII. the la?: chao'c-e. When Jenny recovered her senses, she found herself lying in ber own room, with a bandage round her forehead. I; was broad daylight, and her husband was seated at the bedside. She pa; her band to her head, looked round 1 helplessly, and asked — j " What have I been doing r" j "We found yoa in the corridor leading to ; tbe servants' rooms. Whatrin Heaven's name, t had takea yon there. Jenny r" j , The scene of the night before flashed npon ! ber. She feit that her only chance of escape ! was to affetr: ignorance of what she had discovered. "I thought I heard a child cry, and I went to ascertain, bat I was so weak that I could scarcely reach tbe stairs. I suppose I fainted in trying to do so." Her husband looked at her with a searching glance, and then said — "Foolish girl, the child yoa heard was Martha's. My old housekeeper has been married a year and a half, one she has esrno down here to see if ber brother can get her a place. Try and go to sleep. Jenny- yoa did yourself harm by getting up last night." She listened to the sound of her husband's : receding footsteps as he left the room. She heard him go along the corridor, down the stairs, across the hall, and into the back premises. As the doors closed behind him. . she crept from her bed, and began hurriedly j ; to dress herself in the warmest garments she couid nod. .the was dizzy from the cut on her forehead, and so weak that she was compelled to support herself by holding on to the furniture as she dressed. " 0 Cod, grant me strength to crawl from this horrible place," she said, "or I shall never leave it nil I am carried oat in my coffin." she pat oti her bonnet, and muffled herself in a great woollen shawi. then crept along the corridor, and slowly descended the stairs. To her unspeakable relief she found the hall deserted, line stole oat the front door and closed it behind her. The cold winter air blew upon her face and revived her. sue looked up at the long rows of windows and the dreary stone frontage of the house, as ; some wretched criminal might look back at a prison from which he had just escaped. she had tied a thick veil over ber plain straw bonnet. "If any of the men are about they wiil take me for one of the servants," she thought. she hurried across the garden, through the gate, and on to the river-banks, without meeting any one in her way. The tide was high, the river swollen by the rains, the meadows by the bank half-hidden by the standing water. Sue seemed to have a superhuman strength as she walked rapidly i along the narrow pathway. j "Thank Heaven 1" she said. " If I can but reach the high-road I may get a lift in some ' market-cart going to Olney." ! But when she came to the first gate she ! stopped suddenly. On the other side of it two j men were hard at work with spades and pickaxes. They had just finished cutting a j drain straight across the bank — a channel i through which the water off the meadows was ; pouring down into the river. j This open drain presented an impassable j barrier between the Cray Farm and the outer \ world. To reach the high road by anv other way Jenny mast traverse half-a-dozen fields, 1 | and walk a distance of two miles. I | Her heart seemed to stop beatiDg. j "I must stay here to be murdered," she 1 said ; " for escape is impossible." But what if she were to appeal to one of the men ? Wide as the drain was, they might lift her over : it if they pleased. She crawled on until she I came up to tbe spot were they were at work. ; One of tbem had his back towards her as she ! approached, but at the sound of ber footsteps he turned ronnd. That man was Ralph tbe . bailiff. | Tbe fact of hi3 presence revealed to her the ; terrible truth. This barrier between herself : and Olney was a part of the hideous plot, the ; end of which was ber death. " I want to go into Olney, "she said resolutely; " put a board over that drain, that I may cross I U" I "I am sorry, ma'am," answered Ralph, ! indifferently, "that it can't be done. First and foremost, there isn't a board to be had ; and as to going into Olney, I'm afraid you're acting against the doctor's orders in coming out ma'am — and I'm sure Master Carleon would break his heart to see you run the risk of catching cold. Here he comes, though, so he can settle the question himself." Her hnsband rode up to them as the man spoke. "Jenny! "besaid. "Yonoutofdoors this bitter morning! Areyoumadi? For Heaven's sake come back to the house ! " | "Dudley Carleon," Jenny Baid, looking her i husband fall in tbe face, "I want to escape from this place. I want to go into Olney." "My dear girl, you are not in a fit state to . be out at all. Why, you can scarcely stand 1 — Lift yonr mistress up to me, Ralph," he said. The bailiff lifted Jenny in his arms, and her : husband seated ber before him npon his horse. ; " Why, Jenny, yon tremble like a leaf ; you will catch your death !" | She looked round at him with grave sorrow- . ful eyes. i "0, Dudley, Dadley, when I came to this j place, I came to meet my death. I was warned, but I would not liBten." j Ralph the bailiff looked significantly at bis master. " TLi3 work must be finished to-night," he said, taking up his spade. " If you want to go into Olney to-morrow, ma'am," he added, "you cau go and welcome. We shall have laid down the pipes and filled iu this dyke before ten o'clock to-night." Dudley rode 6lowly back to the houBe aod carried his wife into the hall. He was about to take her upstairs, but she stopped him. " Let me lie on the sofa in the parlour," she said. "I bate , those dreary upstairs rooms." He took her into the parlour, drew tbe sofa close to tbe fire, covered her with a thick railway-rug, and left her. She lay, hour after hour, repeating to herself again and again, " What am I to do ? " Should she appeal to the servants ior pro- tection from Ralph Purvis and h:s accomplice ' — her guilty husband ? -They would not- be lieve ber. Very likely Ralph had taught tbem to think her mad — had prepared them . to set down every word she could say to the ' ravin? of a disordered mind. They wonid no doubt refuse to credit her sornsatioss, as she : had refused to credit those of Agues Marlow. ; In that case they might betray ber, and sue would be or.ly hastening ber doom. (Jo r; tiu-fied t'r, jut r.s.— .) ESCDTNTEH WITH A>" OLO-MAS KANGAHD:-. — ; Adjoining tbe Chstsbury estate is a piece o: very rough country caned Paddy's Land, wuich is the haunt of a large uumoer of kangarots, and amongst these has been noticed for the las: twelve cr fourteen years an "old man " of a great size, and known as "the boomer," and . though often given chase to he has always \ succeeded iu eluding his pursuers by making for a very thick scrub, where it was impossiole to follow him. On Saturday las; as Mr. F. Nixon of Chats bury was riding iu the locality ; mentioned, accompanied by only one dog, he ' espied " the boomer " feeding in a small fiat, and Mr. N., feeing pretty well mounted, immediately . gave chase, and succeeded in cutting off the . 'old man " from his usual resort — the scrub, Liter a smart run of about half a mile, tbe dog closed with his victim, and a severe combat ensued. Mr. Nixon, seeing the dog was getting the worst of the encounter, dismounted and went to his nssistance, when the kangaroo, getting away from the dog, made for the owner, who. having no weapon with which to defend himself, beat a hasty retreat towards bis borse ; and not b mnacet tuu ;otm, for "the boomer" was close at his heels. The kangaroo then made for a waverhole a few hundred yards off, where, : seating himself erect, Leawsitei the attack which the dog once more made. Mr. N., perceiving his dog in danger of being killed, procured a stout stick, ur.d after se renal ineffectual attempts he man aged t-o implant a well-aimed blow on the skull of " the boomer," which bronchi the contest to a close. Who some difficulty he succeeded in dragging him out of tbe waterhole, and went for a friend to assist in carrying htm home. Or. arriving at the place where he left the kangaroo, as he supposed dead, be was rather surprised to find that the "old man " had recovered and was prepared for another combat : but with the assistance of nis friend, Mr. \V. Martin, he soon succeeded ir, annihilating him. On taking him home he was found to measure j eight fee: six inches from tip to tit), and turned | the scale at one hundred and fifty pounds. — i Gr-'.ifi'im E-rx'.i. A. Can N't at. — The following brutal outrage is ; reported by the Bairnsdoie correspondent of the \ Gi'fps Land Ihrcury ; — "A man named. Eongh- . ton, a wc-raman at tee tannery, and two others, I Smith and M'Gowan, were in eompanv during : the evening at one of tbe hotels. On their ' coming out into the street, Houghton assaulted i Smith (who is a iittlg man'rfn a most cowardly ; manner, ir.nieting a nasty bite on bis hand, and , when pulled off smith be caught hold of Duncan i M'Gowan (a stranger travelling through!, and ; bit his ear clean off. Search was made near the j spot for the man's ear, but it is placed beyor.d i doubt that it was swallowed by Houghton in his rage." A Foe'sth Bane ?:?. Vo vsg. — Daring the week Mr. T. O'S. Green, inspector o: the Bank of New South Vi'ales, has been ir. town, a= wo understand with the object of opening a branch of that bank at Young. T:.e large room adjoining the Great Eastern Hotel has been rented, and will be used j as the temporary premises of the bank, — i CriroTiicU . Beseevs 7?.;v caie ? ; r. vtate?. 5t7?it.— No. 35\. County of Ring, parish of Jerrawa, 27 acres 2 roods. The Crown lands within the following Boundaries : Commencing on Jerrawa Creek, a: the south-east corner of John "Wilson's 25 acres 2 roods ; and bounded on the west by the east J boundary of that portion and portion 51, bearing i north 2c chains 20 links t-o a road 1 chain wide; j on the north by the road bearing east 10 chains ! 67 links to the west boundary of Y7. Buist's 40 ; acres; and on the east by part of that boundary 1 bearing south to Jerrawa Creek ; and on the ; south by that creek upwards, to the point of , commencement. " ! A Bor seveeelt Niched hv aHcese.— On Snn- : day last a boy, eight years o: age, son of Mr, j Querruel, of Young, was trying to catch a horse, j when the animal kicked him in the face severely, cutting his mouth, knocking a number of his : j teeth out, and inflicting a deep wound on the i ; forehead. — Burr art yyn-p Chronicle. i | Coach Accident. — On Friday night, while tbe . j coach from Yass to Young was being driven be- 1 ! tween Binalong and Murramburrah, the main ; j braces gave way, and caused tbe coach to go in | ! a slanting position on tbe bed of the axletree. i j The escort police and Mr. T. Coleman were in i the coach at the time, but received no injury. The coach was driven in this condition to Mur- rumbnrrab, when tho driver, James Foy, i mounted a horse and rode to Harden, where he : obtained a iresh coach, drove back to Murrum- burrah, and from there to Young, where he arrived with the mails and passengers at seven o clock in the morning. The public had, conse quently, not to put np with any inconvenience, having received their letters as usual at nine o'clock in the morning. The passengers speak in the highest terms of Foy, the driver, for the energy used by him after the accident. — Chronicle. Madai: Sibif.y, the lady mesmerist, on the 30th nit., was defendant in two cases in tbe Parkes s'rnall Debts Court, and the plaintiff in ten. On the following day, she sued a person named Heraghty, for £2 14s., goods sold and delivered. On being nonsuited, she (according to the Parka GaziittJ became considerably excited, and snatch ing up the books, which were before the bench, she was about leaving the court, when she was adjudged guilty of "contempt of court," and awarded 46 hours' imprisonment, but was subse quently released during the day. — On Tuesday lost, as we learn by a Parkes telegram in the Evening Xev:s, "Madam Sibley attempted to horsewhip one of our magistrates, Mr. Henry H. Cooke, while standing under Kelly's verandah, supposed to be on account of a decision given by himself and Mr. Thomas Town, while on tbe bench, and for locking her up for contempt of court." A Bbcte. — The mailman from Coonamble, who arrived at Yalgett last Friday, reported finding a woman and a little girl in the bush twelve miles from town. The Police Magistrate immediately despatched his buggy with a constable and black tracker to bring the woman and child to Walgett. The tracker returned on horseback on Satur day, bringing the girl with hira. He reports that the woman died during the night. The little girl is now at the residence of The Police Magistrate, in a very exhausted state. She states that her father, driving a cart, left her and her mother on tbe road four days ago, since which they have been without food or shelter. The man has been arrested. — Evening News. Small- pox at Newcastle.— Our (S. M. Ilerald) Newcastle correspondent writes : — A case of small-pox was discovered on Saturday last on the Lake Macquarie Road. The person attacked is a man named James M'Gowan. He is employed on board the Ajax, steamer, and has been ill for some days. Dr. S. T. Knaggs was sent for, who immediately pronounced bis disease to be small pox. A strict watch is kept upon the premises, and all communication is forbidden with tbe dwelling, except in connection with medical attendance upon tbe patient. Drs. M'Graib, Knaggs, and Keid all agree that tlo disease is Bmall-pox, though not of a very virulent nature. There is no trace of how the disease was caught. M'Gowan went to Sydney in the Ajax on tho 3rd of last month, and returned in three day3 to Newcastle, remaining on hoard the steamer here till the 22nd June, till he felt too unwell to continue his duties, and another man was put in hi3 place. He has been on board several vessels in the' harbour since then, but, of course, cannot tell whether he received the disease from any cf them cr not. No ret>ort of lil-neaitti on hoard of nnv of them has been made to toe hea.tn- oificef of the port. Tbe whole affair is a very remarkable or.e, and has caused great excitement in the neighbourhood. It also unfortunately hanpens t'nat Mrs. M'Gowan is near her accouche ment. In this dilemma a kir.d-fcearted woman named Hst has consented to share her temporary captivity." No one will now be allowed to leave the house except Dr. Knaggs. At the _l_a=7 ac counts the man was progressing favourably. A i-zlezram in Wednesday's d. jI. Hcraa =ays that"" "Dr. Bed'ord and'Dr. Nash arrived from Svdney-this morr.ing. having been sent by the Government to report cm the case c! smail-pox. I; is understood to he their opinion that i: is an aggravated case cf chicken-pox. Drs. M'Grath, Knaggs, and Keid differ. The Sydney doctors return ;o-uigh:, and will furnish their report to morrow. 1 . Shdoeinc- Accident at Little P.ivee.— An acci dent o: a very serious nature befei a little girl, about eleven years of age, a daognter of Mr. Peter Robinson, a miner a: Little E'.ver, on Tuesday last. The child's younger brother,, about eight years old, was chopping a log with ar. axe their father had been using, when the are fell nt-tr her hand, sue appearing to have been holding the log while her brother tried how deep a cut he could make in the wood. The are wen: rign; through the hand, from the knuckle o: the middle finger towards the wrist, penetrating the log. Tne wound wae stitched by the child's aunt, hut it got so much worse that the iitt.e surer er was brought lo the doctor on Thursuay. — Bra iitcood L'ivpaich . Bsaiowood Ploughing Matches. — The first of what we (Blspsiih) hope will prove annua! ploughing maocnes in Brai-dwood .took place on Thursday week, in Mr. Maddreii's paddock, cn tbe Little River road. By ten o'clock the cloughmen entered for the different contests began t-o put in an appearance, and by eleven a cor.sideraole number of soectators had assem bled. N oiwiihstandir.g the quantity of rain that had fallen the previous day, the ground selected was no; in bad order for ploughing. The ploughs were set going a; about a quarter-pas; eleven, and considerable interest was manifested as to how each man struck his first furrow. In stead of their being required to plough with three iands, as was at firs; proposed, the lots were marked off so as to show only two lands with or.e furrow in tbe middle. Trie swing plou ghs completed their work firs: in about three hours. The judges, Messrs. J. Yt". Bunn ar.d Tnomas Stewart, with Mr. V7. Bassinthwaighte as referee, came to the ground upon their being apprised that the work was ail finished, and having examined it, and the horses, ploughs, and harness, which were all arranged ic order according to places, they gave' their awards as follows: — First match: or all two-wheeled ploughs drawn by two horses, driven by the ploughman. Firs: prize, £5 5s. Jerry Doherty, Monkiuee, 1. Second match : For all one- wheeiei ploughs drawn by two horses, and driven by the ploughman. Firs: prize, £4 4s. James Miller, Monkittee, 1. Third match : For all swing ploughs drawn by two horses, driven by the ploughman. First prize, £4 4s. William Tay'i or, Monkittee, 1. Fifth match : For the best pair of horses, harness, and plough used during the day in any of the above marches. ' Prize, £1 Is. William Taylor, Monkittee. Evasion o? Toll. — On Friday last, before the Goulbnrn bench, Alexander Noble charged Mr. Andrew Gibson, J.P., with evading the pay- men: of toll on the fourth mile toi!-bar on the Qneanbeyan road. Mr, Betts for complainant; ; 2Ir. Gannon for defence. Mr. Belts, for com- ' plainant, stated that Mr. Gibson drove along the road to witmn tour nundred ana sixty yards of the toll-bar, and then turned off the road on to his own land, coming into the road again on the other side of the toll-bar. This was admitted by the attorney for the defence, who further stated that Mr. Gibson was desirous to test the question whether having land on both sides of the road he was liable to pay. Defendant went in at one gate and out at another, and told complainant the reason why he did it. He desired to have a legal decision of the point. Mr. Gannon argued that Mr. Gibson had a perfect right t-o act as he had done, and that he was not liable to be charged. He quoted Bn English decision by the Court of Queen's Bench under the 41st seotion of the English Act, whick he stated was identical with the 21st section of tho colonial Act. In a matter in which one Heddington was Bued for evading payment of toll, the magistrates before whom it wa3 brought dismissed the case with costs, and an appeal was made to tbe Court oi Queen's Bench. It appeared that Heddington had land on both sides of the road, and had made a private road deviating from the main road on the east side of the toll- bar at a few yards' dis- ! tance, returning on to the road again on the west side, also a few yards from the bar, placing a , gate in the centre of this private road and giving a key to the toll-bar keeper to enable hum to keep it close so as to hinder other persons trom , using this road and evading the toll. The Court ; of Queen's Bench held that the magistrates wern right in dismissing the case against the respond- \- enr. Mr. Gannon argued that Mr. Gibson had a . right, as owner and oocupier of the property, to- go on and off his land when and where he thought ; fit. Mr. Betts, in reply, argued that the case- cited would be against him if the colonial and tke ; English Act were worded precisely alike. The ; colonial Act does not except a person going on tc> his own land, which tho English Act does ; and ( he thought Mr. Gibson could not claim exemp- ; lion on that ground. The bench held it to be aa I evasion of the toll, and fined defendant Is. and 5g. 10-fl. costs. — Goul'ourn Herald. 