Tales. Ninety-Three. «. tale founded ox the^frbnch revolution of |K Bt Victor Htrao. If The rlsrht ol publication has been purchased by the proprietor* 1 * ef the Sydney Mail.] PART THE THIRD.— IN VENDEE. Book thb First. YII. — Thb Two Poleb of tub Truth. I At the end of a few weeks, which, had beea tilled with the vicissitudes of civil wax, the district of Fougeres could talk of nothing but the two men who were op posed to each other, and yet were occupied at the same work, that is, fighting side by side the great revolu tionary combat. The savage Yendean duel continued, but the Vendee |K -was losing ground. In Ille-et- Vuaine in particular, ?H thanks to the young commander who had at Dol so 3 opportunely replied to the audacity of six thousand SM loyalists by the audacity of fifteen hundred patriots, the insurrection, if not quelled, was at least greatly H -weakened and circumscribed. Several lucky hits had IS followed that one, and out of these successes had grown ? a new position of affairs. §? Matters had changed their face, but a singular com ga plication had arisen. IB In all this portion of the Vendee the Republic had bB the upper hand ; that was beyond a doubt ; but which gflB republic ? In the triumph which waa opening out, ? two forms of Republic made themselves felt — the re Ira public of terror and the republic ot clemency — the one HH desirous to conquer by vigour, the other by mildness. HBj Which would prevail ? These two forms— the con MS| ciliating and the implacable— were represented by two SB men, each of whom possessed his special influence IB and authority ; the one a military commander, the Ml other a civil delegate. Which of them would prevail ? HP One of the two, the delegate, had a formidable basis igjB of support ; he had arrived bearing the threatening §HS watchword of the Paris Commune to the battalions of |B Santerre, ' No mercy, no quarter ! ' He had, in order H to put everything under his control, the decree of the IU Convention, ordaining ' death to whomsoever should » set at liberty and help a captive rebel chief to escape.' WM He had full powers, emanating from the Committee of BB Public Safety, and an injunction commanding obedi aB ence to him as delegate, signed Robespierre, Dauton, HI Marat. The other, the soldier, had on his side only S| tbis strength — pity. ^B He had only his own arm, which chastised the |S enemy, and his heart, which pardoned them. A con SB queror, he believed that he had the right to spare the |H conquered. ^B Hence arose a conflict, hidden but deep, between SB these two men. The two stood in different atmns BB pheres ; both combating the rebellion, and each hav BB ing his own thunderbolt — that of the one victory, that' ^B of the other terror. BB Throughout all the Bocage nothing was talked of SB but them ; and what added to the anxiety of those SB who watched them from every quarter was the fact BB that these two men so diametrically opposed were at ^B the same time closely united. These two antagonists SB were lriends. Never sympathy loftier and more pro HB found joined two hearts ; the stern had saved the life BB of the clement, and bore on his face the wound re BB ceived in the effort. These two men were the incar |K nation — the one of life, the other of death ; the one ^^B was the principle of destruction, the other of peace, j^B and they loved each other. Strange problem. Imagine ^B Orestes mercitul and Pylades pitiless. Picture Ari ^B manes the brother of Ormus ! ^^B Let us add that one of the pair, called ' the ^B ferocious,' was, at the same, the most brotherly of ^B men. He dressed the wounded, cared for the sick, ^B passed his days and nights in the ambulance and E^H hospitals, was touched by the sight of barefooted chil HH dren, had nothing for himself, gave all to the poor. j^B He was present at all the battles ; he marched at the ^B head of the eolumns, and in the thickest of the fight, ^B armed (for he had in his belt a sabre and two piBtols) ^B yet disarmed, because no one had ever seen him draw gH his sabre or touch his pistols. He faced blows, and f^B did not return them. It was said that he had been a ||B priest. One of these men was Gauvain ; the other was BB Cimourdain. There was friendship between the two men, but ^B hatred between the two principles ; this hidden war ^B could not fail to burst forth. One morning the battle ^B began. ^B Cimourdain eaid to Gauvain : ' What have we ac ^B complished ? ' ^B Gauvain replied : ' You know as well as I. I have ^B dispersed Lantenac's bands. He has only a few men ^B left. Then he is driven back to the foreBt of Fougeres. In eight days he will be surrounded.' ' And in fifteen days ? ' ^B ' be taken.' ^B ' And then ? ' M ' You have read my notice ? ' H 'Yes. Well?' ^^B ' He will be shot.' ^B ' More clemency ! He must be guillotined.' ^^B 'As for me,' said Gauvain, ' I am for a military death.' ^B ' And I,' replied Cimourdain, ' for a revolutionary death.' ^B He looked Gauvain in the face, and added : ' Why ^B you Bet at liberty those nunB at the convent of Saint-Mare-le-Blanc ? ' ^B ' I do not make war on women,' answered Gau vain. BB _ 'Those women hate the people. And where hate is concerned, one woman outweighs ten men. Why ^B did you refuse to send to the Revolutionary Tribunal ^B all that herd of fanatical priests who were taken at ^B Louvigne ? ' ^B 'I do not make war on old men.' ^B _ ' An old priest is worse than a young one; Rebel ^B lion is more dangerous preached by white hairs. Men ^B nave faith in wrinkles. No false pity, Gauvain. The regicides are liberators. Keep your eye fixed on the tower of the Temple.' ?B ' The Temple tower ! I would bring the Dauphin out of it. I do not make war on children.' Cimourdain's eyes grew stern. ' Gauvain, leam that it is necessaiy to make war on a woman when she calls herself Marie- Antoinette, on an old man when he is named Pius VL and Pope, aild BB upon a child when he is named Louis Capet.' ' My master, I am not a politician.' ' Try not to be a dangerous man. Why, at the attack on the post of Cosse, when the rebel Jean Treton, driven back and lost, flung himself alone, sabre in hand, against the whole column, didst thou cry, ^B 4 Open the ranks ! Let bim pass !'?' ^B Because one does Hot set fifteen hundred to kill a single man.' ' Why, at the Cailleterie d* Astille, when you saw your soldiers about to kill the Vendean, Joseph Bezier, '^bo was wounded and dragging himself along, did y°u exclaim, ' Go on before ! This is my affair ! ' and then fire your pistol in the air ? ' ' Because one does not kill a man on the ground.' ' And you were wrong. Both are to-day chiefs of vands. Joseph Bezier is Moustache, and Jean Treton is Jambe d' Argent. In saving those two men you gave two enemies to the Republic.' ' Certainly I could wish to give her friends, and not enemies.' 'Why, after the victory of Landean, did you not shoot your three hundred peasant prisoners ? ' 'Because Bonchamp had shown mercy to the re publican prisonere, and I wauted it said that the re public showed mercy to the royalist prisoners.' ' But then, if you take Lantenac, you will pardon him ? ' ' No.' ' Why ? Since you showed metcy to the three bundled peasants ? ' ' The peasants are ignorant men ; Lantenac knows what he does.' ' But Lantenac iB your kinsman.' . ' France is the nearest.' ' Lantenac is an old man.' ' Lantenac is a stranger. Lantenac has no age. Lantenac summons the English. Lantenac is inva sion. Lantenac is the enemy of the country, The duel between him and me can only finish by his death or mine.' ' Gauvain, remember this vow.' ' It is sworn.' There was silence, and the two looked at each other. Then Gauvain resumed — ' It will bea bloody date, this year '93 in which we live.' ' Take care !' cried Cimourdain, ' Terrible duties exist. Do not accuse that which is not accusable. Since when is it that the illness is the fault of the physician ? Yes, the characteristic of this tremendous year is its pitilesfeness. Why ? Because it is the urand revolutionary year. This year in which we live is the incarnation of the Revolution. The Revo lution has an enemy — the old world — and it is with out pity for it ; just* as the surgeon has an enemy — gangrene — and is wilhout pity for it. The Revolution extirpates royalty in the king, aristocracy in the noble, despotism in the- soldier, superstition in the priests, barbarism in the judge ; in a word, everything which is tyranny, in all which is the tyrant. The operation is fearful ; the Revolution performs it with a sure hand. As to the amount of sound flesh which it sacrifices, demand of Boerhaave what he thinks in regard to that. What tumour does not cause a loss of blood in its cutting away i Does not the extin guishing of a conflagration demand an energy as 'fierce as that of the fire itself ? These formidable necessities are the very condition of success. A surgeon resem bles a butcher ; a healer may have the appearance of an executioner. The Revolution devotes itself to its fatal work. It mutilates, but it saves. What I — you demand pity for the virus ! You wish it to be merciful to that which is poisonous ! It will not listen. It holds the post ; it will exterminate it. It makes a deep wound in civilisation, from whence will spring health to the human race. You suffer ? With out doubt. How long will it last ? The time neces sary for the operation. After that you will live. The Revolution amputates the world. Hence this haemorrhage — *93.' ' The surgeon is calm,' said Gauvain, ' and the men that I see are violent.' 'The Revolution,' replied Cimourdain, 'needs savage workmen to. aid it. It pushes aside every hand that trembles. It has only faith in the inexor ablee. Danton is the terrible, Robespierre is the inflexible, Saint-Just is the immovable, Marat is the implacable. Take care, Gauvain. Those names are necessary ; they are worth as much as armies to us ; they will terrify Europe.' ' And p»rhaps the future also,' said Gauvain. He checked himself, and resumed — 'For that matter, my master, you err ; I accuse no one. According to ine, the true point ot view of the Revolution is its irresponsibility. Nobody is innocent, nobody is guilty. Louis XVI. is a sheep thrown among lions. He wishes to escape, he tries to flee, he seeks to defend himself ; he would bite if he could. But one is not a lion at will. His absurdity passes for crime. This enraged sheep shows his teeth. 4 The traitor !' cry the lions, and they eat him. That done, they fight among themselves.' ' The sheep is a brute.' ' And the iions, what are they?' This retort set Cimourdain thinking. He raised his head, ard answered : ' These lionB are consciences — these lions are ideas —these lions are principles.' ' They produce the reign of terror.' ' One day the Revolution will be the justification of this terror.' ' Beware leBt the terror become the calumny of the Revolution.' Gauvain continued — ' Liberty, Equality, Fraternity — these are the dogmas of peace and harmony. Why give them an alarming aspect ? What is it we want ? To bring the peoples to a universal Republic. Well^ do not let ub make them afraid. What can intimi dation serve ? The people can no more be attracted by a scarecrow than birds can. One muBt not do evil to bring about good. One does not overturn the throne in order to leave the gibbet standing. Death to kings and life to nations ! Strike off the crowns ; spare the heads. The Revolution is concord, not fright. Clement ideas are ill served by cruel men. Amnesty is to me the most beautiful word in human language. I will only shed blood in risking my own. Besides, I simply know how to fight ; I am nothing but a soldier. But if I may not pardon, victory is not worth the trouble it costs. During battle let us be the enemies of our enemies, and after victory their brothers.' ' Take care !' repeated Cimourdain for the third time. ' Gauvain, you are more to me than a son ; take care !' Then he added, thoughtfully, 'In a period like ours, pity may become one of the forms of treason.' Any one listening to the talk of these two men might have fancied he heard a dialogue between the sword and the axe. Chaptbb Yin.— Dolorosa. In the meanwhile the mother was seeking her little ones. She went straight forward. How did she live ? It is impossible to say. She did not know herself. She walked day and night, she begged, she ate herbs, she lay on the ground, she slept in the open air — in thickets, under the stars, sometimes in the rain and wind. She wandered from village to village, from farm to farm, seeking a clue. She stopped on the thresholds of the peasants' cots. Her dress was in rags. Some times we was welcomed, sometimes she was driven away. When she could not get into the houses she went into the woods. She was not known in the district ; she was ignorant of everything except Siscoignard and the parish of Aze. She had no route marked out ; she retraced her steps, travelled roads already gone over, made useless journeys ; sometimes she followed the high way, sometimes a cart-track, as often the paths among the copses. In these aimless wanderings she had worn out her miserable garments. She had shoes at 'first, then., she walked barefoot, then with her feet bleeding. She crossed the track of warfare, among gunshots, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, avoiding nothing — seeking her children. Revolt was every where; there were no more gendarmes, no more mayors, no authorities of any sort. She had only to deal with chance passers. She spoke to them; she asked, ' Have you seen three little children anywhere?' Those she addressed would look at her. ' Two boys and a girl,' she would say. Then she would name them — 'Rene-Jean, Gros Alain, Georgette. You have not seeu them ?' She would ramble on thus — ' The eldest is four years and a half old ; the little girl is twenty months.' Then would come the cry — ' Do you know where A they are ? They have been tsken from me.' The listeners would stare at her, and that was all. When bhe saw that she was not understood, she would say, ' It is because they belong to me — that is why.' The people would pass on their way. Then she would stand still, uttering no further word, but dig ging at her breast with her nails. However, one day a peasant listened to her. The good man set himself to thinking. 'Wait now,' said he. *' Three children ?' ' Yis.' 'Two boys ?' ' And a girl.' ' You are hunting for them ?' ' Yes.' ' I have heard talk of a lord who had taken three little children, and had them with him.' '? 'Where is this man?' she cried. 'Where are they ?' The peasant replied, ' To La Tourgue.' ' Shall I find my children there ?' ' It may easily be.' ' You say ?' ' La Tourgue.' ' What is that — La Tourgue ?' ' It is a place.' ' Is it a village, a castle, a farm ?' '* I never was there.' 'Is it far?' 'It is not near.' ' In which direction ?' 'Toward Fougeres.' ' Which way must I go ? ' ' You are at Vantortes,' said the peasant ; ' you must leave Ernee to the left and CoxeUes to the right ; you will pass by Lorchamp and cross the Leroux.' He pointed his finger to the we6t. ' Always Btraight before you and toward the sunset.' Ere the peasant had dropped his arm. she was hurrying on. He cried after her, ' But take care. They are fight ing over there.' She did not answer or turn round ; on she went, straight before her. Chaptee IX. — A -P uoviNCiAii Bastille. Forty years ago, a traveller who entered the forest of Fougeres, from the side of Laignelet, and left it to wards Parigne, was met on the border of this vast old wood by a sinister spectacle. As he came out of the thickets, La Tourgue rose abruptly before him. Not La Tourgue living, but La Tourgue dead. La Tourgue cracked, battered, seamed, dismantled. The ruin of an edifice is as much its ghost as a phantom is that of a man. No more lugubrious vision could strike the gaze than that of La Tourgue. What the traveller had before his eyes was a lofty round tower, standing alone at the corner of the wood like a male factor. This tower, rising from a perpendicular rock, was so severe and solid that it looked almost like a bit of Roman architectuie, and the frowning mass gave the idea of strength even amid its ruin. It was Roman in a way, since it was Romanic. Begun in the ninth century, it had been finished in the twelfth, after the third Crusade. The peculiar ornaments of the mouldings told its age. On ascending the height one perceived a breach in the wall '; if one ventured to enter, he found himself within the tower — it was empty. It resembled somewhat the inside of a stone trumpet set upright on the ground. From top to bottom no partitions, no ceilings, no floors ; there were places where arches and chimneys had been torn away ; falconet embrasures were seen ; at different heights, rows of granite corbels, and a few transverse beams marked where the different stories had been ; these beams were covered with tbe ordure of night birds. The colossal wall was fifteen feet in thickness at the base and twelve at the summit ; here aud there were chinks and holes which had been doors, through which one caught glimpses of staircases in the shadowy interior of the wall. The passer-by who penetrated there at evening heard the cry of the wood owl and the Brittany heron, snd saw beneath his feet brambles, stones, reptiles, and, above his head, across a black circle which looked like the mouth of an enormous well, he could perceive the stars. The neighbourhood kept a tradition that in the upper stories of this tower there were secret doors formed like those in the tombs of the Indian kings, of great stones turning on pivots ; opening by a spring and forming part of the wall when closed ; an archi tectural mystery which the Crusaders had brought from the East along with the pointed arch. When these doors were shut, it was impossible to discover themf eo accurately were they fitted into the other stones. At this day such doors may still be seen in those mysterious Lybian cities which escaped the burial of the twelve towns in the time of Tiberius. Chapter X. — The Breach. The breach by which one entered the ruin had been the opening of a mine. For a connoisseur, familiar with Error d, Sardi, and Pagan, this mine had been skilfully planned. The fire-chamber, shaped like a mitre, was proportioned to the strength of the keep it had been intended to disembowl. It must have held at least two hundredweight of powder. . The channel was serpentine, which does better service than a straight one. The crumbling of the mine left naked among the broken stones the Baucisse which had the requisite diameter, that of a hen's egg. The explosion had left a deep rent in the wall by which the besiegers could enter. This tower had evi dently sustained at different periods real sieges con ducted according te rule. It was scarred with balls, and the balls were not all of the same epoch. Each projectile has its peculiar way of mnrfeing a rampart, and thoEe of every sort had left their traces on keep, from the stone balls of the fourteenth century to the iron enes of the eighteenth. The breach gave admittance into what must have been the ground-floor. In the wall of the tower op posite the breach there opened the gateway of a crypt cut in the rock and stretching among the foundations of the tower under the whole extent of the ground floor hall. This crypt, three-fourths filled up, was cleared out in 18S5, under the direction of Monsier Auguste Le Prevost, the antiquary of Bemay. Chapter XI. — The Oubliette. \- This crypt was the oubliette. Every keep had one. This crypt, like many penal prisons of that era, had two storeys. The upper floor, which was entered by the gateway, was a vaulted chamber of considerable size, on a level with the ground-floor hall. On the walls could be seen two parallel and vertical furrows, extending from one side to the other, and passing along the vault of the roof, in which they had left deep ruts like old wheel-tracks. It was what they were in fact. These two furrows had been hollowed by two wheels. Formerly, in feudal days, victims were torn limb from limb in this chamber by amethod less noisy than dragging them at the tails of horeee. a!. . There ^ i been t wo wheels so immense that thejr touched . (he walls and the arch. To each of these wheels an arm and a leg of the victim were attached, then the wheels were turned in the inverse directioM, which crushed the man. It required great force, hence the furrows which the wheels had worn iu the wall as they grazed it. A chamber of riiia kind may s still be seen at Viandin. Below this room there was another. That was the real dungeon. It was not entered by a door ; one .'penetrated into it by a hole. The victim, stripped naked, was let down by means of a rope placed under his armpits into the dungeon, through an opening left in the centre of the flagging of the upper chamber. If he persisted in living, food was flung to him through . this aperture. A hole of this sort may be seen at Bouillon. The wind swept up through this opening. The lower room, dug out beneath the ground-floor hall, wbs a well lather than a chamber. It had water at the bottom, and an icy wind filled it. This wind, which killed the prisoner in the depths, preserved the life of the captive in the room above. It rendered his prison respirable. The captive above, grouping about 0 beneath his vault, only got air by this hole. For the rest, whatever entered or fell there, could not get out . again. It was for the prisoner to be cautious in the darkness. A false step might make the prisoner ia the upper room a prisoner in the dungeon below. That was his affair. If he clung to life, this hole was a peril ; if he wished to be rid of it, this hole was his resource. The upper floor was the dungeon ; the. lower the temb. A superposition which resembled Society at that period. It was what our ancestors called a moat-dungeon. The thing having disappeared, the name has ns longer any significance in our ears. Thanks to the Revolution, we hear the words pronounced with in difference. Outside the tower, above the breach, whioh was forty years since the only means of ingress, might be seen an opening larger than the other loopholes, from which hung an iron grating bent and loosened. 