I' CAUGHT IN THEIR OWN TRAP. I' Whcthcr this story is truo or falsa wo do-not I know ; but it is snid bora that roaontty in tho I parish of St. Martin, Iborln, or somowlioro down ' that way, an old widow Indy, whose children had j all married off and left her, had been porsuadod to 1 soil her little place and live with them. Sho sold | her land, bnililings,nnd improromouts one day for 2000 dollars, nnd received tho cash on tho spot in \- her own honso, where the net of salo was passed liofore two witnesses, tho number required by the lnw, an I who witnosaod also tlio payment of tlio money. In a 'short time she was to givo posses sion, but she remained in the house the night fol lowing tho sola all alone, or with no masculine ndnlt Inmntes, as was her custom. That night two negro burglars broke into the houso, nnd demanded her money or her lifo. Sho gavo it to thom, but bogged tliom to lot her havo 100 dollars or it, as she owed that amount, nud wontod to pay tho .debt, whon sho would bo satisfied. They finally agreed to lot her havo tho lOOdollnrs. Thoy then ordered her to innko somo coffco for them to drink. In doing so sho bethought hor- self of somo strychuino she had in tho house, nnd qoiotly dropped it in the pot of steaming cuffoe, and placed it on the table with cups, spoons, and sugar for them to pour out and sweoton to thoir Inetes. ThiB thoy did, and drank in a jolly mood, each one having 950 dollnrs in his pockot. But in a short time tlio tabloB were.turnod. Ono gave up tho ghost whore lie sat at' the table in his chair, and tha other got up, staggered off a fuw feet, and tumbled over iuto eternity. Tlio good old lady recovered her monoy, and on examining tho persons of tho black burglarious robbers, they turned out to bo tho two witnosscs to tho act of tho salo, both white men blnokenod for the ucoasion — both her neighbours and one wns lior cousin. — New Orleans Herald. A Lisbon correspondent writing ou Oot. 4, says: — " Oo the afternoon of Oot. 2, the Queen and her infant sons, who are staying at the water- ing place of Caacaes, were walking on the bench of-Mexi)lioeiro, near the rooks known as the Boca do Inferno (Moutli of Holl). Tho place is full of basins, whioh nro always 'fillod with water. Tho full force of the Atlnntie dashes on the beach, nud tho waves often mount tho highest rocks, and in stormy weather tho thunder of tbo breakors is heard for miles inland. Tha young princes ran along the sands and left the Queen behind, when suddenly a wnvo rushed among tho rocks, and, surrounding tho princes, carried them into ono of tho deep basins worn in the sand by the notion of tile water. Tho Queen, seoing tbo peril of her sons, ran to savo them, but her dress cutching on a rocky point, she fell into the water, but still managed tu grasp the Infante Dom Cnrlos. Tlio danger was great. Tlio ocean was agitntod after a boisterous day, and in a socond .a roller might havo washed in, aod aarriod all beforo it to certain destruction ; moreover the water of tlio basin was quite deep euongli to drown the two young princos.- Fortunately, tlio assistant keeper of the Quid lighthouses, ouo Autouio da Silvn, saw Ilia disaster, rushed into tbo water, and managed wttli some difliculty to bring tha two princes to tho shore, afterwards assisting the Queen nut of the water. The Queen thanked the courageous lighthouso kcopor, and said she would never forgot the service he bad rendered her, and he replied that he was sufficiently rewarded by having been able to assist Her Majesty under such perilous ciroumslnnces. The Queen was carried to. the palace enveloped in sheets, and it was some time boforo sho recovered from the effects of tho fright. Afterwards she sent a special messenger to the King to inform him of all the particulars of tho accident. As soon as the letter bad been rcad_His Majosty conferred upon the lighthouse mnti tlio Order of tlio Tower and Sword. 'The Queen also ordered her treasurer to give him £100, aud tha authorities will pro mote him to a more remunerative post."— Fonts News. .. . Indiscueet Marbiaoe. — In a sormon preached at Sheffield a few days ago in aid of tbo West Hiding -Fund for tho relief of tbo widows and orphans of indigont clergymen, tho Bishop of -Manchester remarked on the practice of early murriuges prevailing iraiuug curates. In no class, he snid, did so many imprudont marriages take place ns amongst tho clergy. The bishop declared that io many cases this rocklossncss was nothing less tlran a great crime; for a man who had ho particular, ability and no peculiar qualifications which conld recommend him to bie superiors, tu burden himself nt tho outset of life with the responsibilities of tho married state, was a piece of undeniable folly, and often detracted from tho aid which the Church ought to roceivo from him us ono of her servants. — Home News, A cnakoettr Clauiant. — An inquest was held,- on Wednesday, on the body of Miss Mary Aui, Francis Wanklyn, aged 65. Ths deceased was a member of the Soymour family, and was a clnimnot in a Chancery suit to extoDsivo pro perties. Her lodging was found to bu in a most liurrl hie condition. The jury returned a verdict nf " Death from natural causes." — Dispatch. The Keabbaob and the Alabama.—1 TLo- Kvcning News says : — Admiral Winsluw, ol ths U.S. Navy, died at his roBidenco, Boston High-- lands, on 30th Septembor, 1873. To this dis tinguished officer mora than to any other man is duo tlio credit of having dealt a death blow to the rebel naval forco io June, 1864, in the memorable engagement between the Kearsago and tlio Alabama in the English Channel. He had tracked this scourgo of the sea from port to port till ho found lior in Cherbourg harbour. Thoro ho sont a chnllengo to Sotnraes, the commander of tho Alabuma, to coma out and meet bin) on tho high aens. Sommes took fivo days' to prepare for the engagement, and ob soon cs she appeared in tbo offing, wliere Captain Wioslow had boon waiting, Ilia twn sliipa closed in notion, and nftor a few huurs tho pirate was sunk with . many of bar officers aod meo. It was tbc most splendid victory oftho war, and, with the capture of Mobile, which occurred about tho same lime, gave a dcalh-blow to tho rebellion. For this oxploit, Congress nwnrdod to Captain Winsluw, the officers, aod men, as prize money, tlio value of the rebel craft, whioli, if we remember rightly, was over .200,000 dollars, aod also voted him the thnnks of tho American people. He was 62 years of age, A Female Soldieb.— - A discovery was made a -few days sinco tlmt a woman was sorving in the Carlist ranks, dressed in a soldier's uniform. Slia was found out in tho following manner : — " The prieet of the village to which ahe belonged, hap pening to pass through u town wlioro tlio regi ment was quartered, acd'clrancing to seo her, won struck by tha likenass sho bnro to ono nf his Earishloners. '.You must be Andaliela Bravo,' a remarked. 'Nn, I nm her brother,' was ths. reply. Tho curd's suspicions were aroused, and, at his suggestion,'- an inquiry was made, when it was discovered tlmt tho youthful Boldler . had no right to tho mnsculinu vestment she worm. Don Carlos, when be was told ot tlio affair, "desired that slio should bo sent as a nurse to tbo Hospital in Durnngo, and- when bo visited tho establishment presontod the. fair Amazon with a military oross of merit. Tha "poor-girl-wns-dollgbted with tho decoration, but besought tho ' king' to allow her to return to tho regimunt, as sho said, sho was more accustomod :to; Inflicting wounds than - to healing thorn. In fact, she bu jmplored to ho permitted to servo once more i\h n soldier that at laBt Don Carlos, to oxtrlpoto himsolf from the difficulty, snid, 'No, t.cnnnot ' allow you to joins regiment of men, but when I form a battalion of women, I promiso u81u my honour that you shall he named tiie 'cnfonol.' It will never linppon,' said Die girl,. I liospital."- -Home News. Benefit of the Scotch Thistle. — A Now Zoalnnd correspondent of tlio ' M. nnd 0. .Timer Bays i — It may. be intorosting to English niiu still more to patriotic Scotch roadors to learn thnt tho Sootoh tliisllo ploys a very important part in this ooiony in nssistingllio eprcail of tho Eng lish grass. It lias, indeed, proved itself a most invaluable agent in preparing tlio rough forn hills for tlio recoptiou of. tlio grass send. Tbo thistle has its fling for throe or four yonrs, taking full possession of ilio ground, but, though inconve nient, it is by no moans without Its uscb during that time, for shnop, catllo, nud horses groodily devour tho seed heads when iu blossom, and ofton ant tlio leaves of the plant as well, and many runs whon uudor tlilatloa lmvo carried more stock thnu before tho wood uppoarsd. After the thistle has exhausted tbo land of its particular requirements, and has diod out, which It doos in about four yonrs, it is invariably fouud that stray 'plants of English grass and clnvor hnvo been nursed into strength by thoir prickly neighbours," and thnt the long, full tnoroots of the thistlos havo opouod and pulvorlsou the surfouo soil and prepared n seed bed, In wliieli the English grass takes root aud flourishes far bettor then on tho natural surface of ground whieh has not been subjected to a similar oourso of preparation. A Billy of Tea is, as moat Australians know, n great comfort in tho Bush. Tho orthodox method of preparing it— boiling ths water, throwing in a handful of ton, placing over the top of tbo hilly a couplo of crossed stioks— appears to have found favour in high places. The following bearing on tho subjeot haabeen published recsotly : — " Thoro seems still to bo room for improvement in tho feeding arrangements on board the vessels belong ing to the royal navy to judge by the 1 Observa tions on the Diotaries of the British and Foreign Navies,' by Staff Surgeon Huuter, M.D., which appear in the appendix to the statistical report on tbo health of the navy for tho year 1871, just issued. 'The men,' saya Dr. Hunter, 'tako dinner at noon, and about half-past four they hevo tea, whioh is oalled supper. There oan be no- doubt, be adds, ' that it is much too long, parti cularly for men who work during the night, to go without any food, excepting bisouit and milkless tea, from noon till breakfast next morning nt sovon, a period of nineteen hours; anyone who doubta this may oasily satisfy his mind, though ?ot his body, by making the experiment. Tea is belioved to havo the power of retarding the waste of tissue, but the black-boiled milkless decoction that the men drink is chiefiy a solution of tauniD, and cannot have muob other "than an injurious effect. Tho Iimo which tho captains of tho hold will insist on throwing in tho tanks to koop the water sweet will also, ns woll as the boiling, Erevant tho tea from being wbat it should be." T. Hunter thinks it would be en improvement for tho men to follow the Australian mothod of tea-making, nnd tako their mess-bottles to tho gailoy to be filled with boiling-wntar, upon which the tea should be thrown.— Fonts News. Shocking Tbagkdv at Scotabi. — A tragio occurrence, arising out of an extraordinary com plication of oircumstnneos, has taken place in Scutari. A woll-to-do Turkish denier in the Stamboul bazaar, already far past tho primo of lifo, bad concaivod a passion for tbo daughter of hiB wife by a former' marriage. Tlio girl was young, and ono of the beauties of tlio quarter, and although the Mussulman religion doos not permit marriage with a stepdaughter, the Turk pestered her with his assiauties, which sho re sisted all the more resolutoly that she was already in love with the son of her Btopfathcr by his former marriage — a handsomo young follow, who warmly returned her affection. No prohibition existiog in tho Koran against each a union, the perverse passion of the father proved the sole obstacle to their marriage. This stato of things occasioned bitter dissensions and profound misory iu tlio household ; angry wranglings and thrcatB were often board, and 1 lis feeling between father and son becanio one of envenomed hatred. On tbo son rolurning homo unexpectedly a few days ago and finding bis fothor again besetting the girl with his impor tunities, he rnshsd to the kitehon, seized a knife, nnd stabbed his wretched father in tho throat so fatally that death onaued in a faw minutee. Tho case Ib now undergoing judicial investigation.— Home News. 