Tblb Beform Billlias passed the second Teading by^an rabsojute,,majority, .offte- "HougejthuBtiisposiiig >of sa serious ;ap - prelbebglon bf the 'Argtis The great organ of Collins-street, of Minderslane, and, of ,.colonial Conservatism ^(3Coryi»m5,!generaEy,coiitendstliattbe bill 'came within the pronaions of the 60fch seoKon of the 'Coastitaiioii Act, which lequires that aay bill to'alter the constitution of the Council or the: Assembly -must 'be' pasBed, .on 'the second and'third readings, by an absolute majority. It -endeavonra elaborately to prove that the biJi does so seek-i-to. alter. J;he„«onsfitu4aoni.:of the Housee,; because: . ifeproposeBv^nder certain :eircumstances to callow them to; ait and vote together, whereas fh.e Constitution Act contemplates their stncily independent acbon-only. . We incline—mirabile diciru—to agree with •the Argus in this particular, and desireto reciprocate congratulations "with it upon the event. The ^511 has 'passed the aecond readiog-by far. Jiiore than a mere absolute majority.. The occasion was, indeed, a memorable one. The division-wasASforthe secQodrea-dmg, and 28 agamBt it,- gning the Goverument a majority of 20 m a- House, in-' 5 eluding the-Speaker, of -77 members; antalmost: unprectedented attendance. The billlias now. to pass through committee,' where, no doubt, it will be keetily debased, line by line. Mr Higinbotham has Beveral important amendments io move, as will be seen by >a paragraph in our. local columns. And Other alterations, most of them! hostile; will nbe: attempted, dosibtless j with the intention of so emasculating the bill, or disfiguring it, that the Go-, yernment may,,be ieuipted to -abandon, it. But the principle has been -tn-s nmphantly .aftrmedi' ; 'iii-spite of Dr Madden, Major Smith, and the rest of the treacherous -recalcitrants who suddenly found out, after their election,, that ^bey - could - not /conscieutio asly support the Goyeriuueut. believe that ,in;«pite ,of j.all .opposition, open ancLconcealed, the' Mll will pass: the' third-reading by ail ssisolute majority —JO. But that it willl>e thrown out injiie Qi>uudl is almost certain..: So jnuch tliB^etter. The most uncom-: promising 'SnBmjr of the Conseripl jS^/j/ai^rsicouldi-desire no better result. It *jj33lbe jone more point iafhfe: terrible indictment -' against them. There seeiiw, notwithstanding, to be a little misgiving .among them. They are stud tobe pr^parmga rneasure.ofcon-. cession themselves. Mere weakness: "Better'for the Oligarchs to die game Probably .the great ^majority of the peophpf Vsctoria would, at present,' ed"5>B in ®wojijjof aome kind of {flableiySto upon'^he measures; piikMdpJiLTw^he' Assembly. But that Veto, "must no ionger jtake the shape of an unmanageable Council, There must tB devised a' Weans,' fcs in'America, of overriding the "Yoto, after it >as allowed reasonable effect - o^ we trust that, bj this time, the whole, country seBsJ iSatall the schemes for reToraiing thte- Council "hitherto ^romTflgated, %hich would merely fond to assimilate its conftiinti^V-thst of thb'^Assembly, would dangerous -JreformB possible, * Two ipousesof co-ordinate, •Or" nearly co- ordinate powers, and; nearly "eqtial ^lectiye bases' sis-ould, inevitably tend to cowejttto collision, d the resultmight.be confusion more -emediable than any ydiich the Aadstita^ iBonncil- ba» .piused. J9iere •must 4>e no compromise. ' iGire tho Upper House inore power, tod it will nsejihat pDwer to orerawe -and defeatthe popular *iU expressed bj' th& Assembly. It ia radically rotten and Winot be cured. The strongest argu- : me&tt;^gamstitS? desperate but ra*h®r - more-artful-tjiftia-'usual £Srat which4he Aiyusiswakwg for it'The ghosts of jnardered land bills, Eonejng Mioin| on with otife ip^tfeflfie"' itlifentl^:^. %OtaBSr mfemorable JineiAtdn: ,tits it fdoctrineJofAh" • Jpheso iti ^lifetstitiiyiBr "But iW Sicamaiil all in.»l fit'go&B; *apwn to o'ffew iacsaseto, ular jiicon- > coufes-Jjoa of give upstairs. >lrPP' »|>le .species o|s p£-it ^bore i ot hear B in of confliaing opjmoufijit^roclaimsitstii'MV.ersible shibboleth—^'1%elieve m T^oCharabefs, world "without en^t rAmeii'"^ This ^'e (fall pblitieal'Ulfeainontamsm. •Thx ireport pr esentedat the BeteoHflannual' toeetmgof the SalfeiPinlharinohio Society on Tuosiiay last-recitos a number of dif- 4icultieB,-AnfliLoljcU outsomeliopesu'lncli eveiyone would be ^ladt sio* see;stand ai cbanoe of being accomplished ..When ihowevii' 'we find "that'thejiociety has given, but two concerts in.twelve months, which, have not beoji paying coni5erts,-»ndiyet congratulates itself upon having "m s6me: considerahle'degree, accomplisliedats ; objects," we feel-compelled to diffor "jh some,, considerable'- degree with the sooiety. ., .Tiie.- sum,.p£ ; .-Ss . 7d is .-not a large balance, and two concertsare not enough to sustain the reputa-.: tion.-of- the ^society.:^ slitore ..than .once, -we - from -.. ihe "leport,•••*• >tliB- very existence of • society y3ias been in jeopardy, and .we cannot concedo that, " the confidence of the members and of tSe public in its stability -remains ummpau-ed. "It has evidently, on the contrary,- i been? Very., much vlmpaiied'- suideed, it • is • notorious that mow i than one of the so-, ciety's meetings iave been expected toibe its last meeting. ;• It is .to be feared thai pnbbles and prabbles" have had some-; -thing to • do with tke T: -society s " parlous State>that: tbere;h$t been! contiderable r lack of energy and»'great" want >of cooperation-among the musical public. , We shall be glad-to find that snbscnptions due" have been paid upj and that there has been a large-increase In the number of non- perforuung members. There is no •lack -of vitality i at • bottom, -and there is certainly no'lact of talent: - The. recent concert at any rate showed that much. There cannot. be any good reason why a concert, under such circumstances, should Jiotlbe i-^ven ;ev«y ihtee^orpali least, every four months. They are most enjoyable reunions ill » dull; country town like 'Sale. Much is to be toped for from the conductorship of Mr Law, and the officers and committee generally are very capable' men. One of their chief difficulties is to keep the members under proper discipline, and above all tilings to avoid " pnbbles and prabbles " Why should rhey.-not set to work-and give us 'another concert between-, tlus and , Christmas ? Sni'ely it.js jiot.asking too mupli A judicious expenditure of the public 6inds on :the streets of the town; has, -no doubt, been the aim of our Borough Councd, and it .cannot be denied that: lately they have carried out some very, necessary works, and that -other.mprovemeiits are in progress. - Tlie effects of-the recent rains must not be lost sight of. At themter&ecUonspfthepjiiimjjalthorouglifarjt;,-ior instance, , it .would be of great; benefit to foot passengers if the roadway, vrere pa%-ed, say, for a breadth of three feet, with^itchers similar to those used m fee ChanttSlling;-' People 'cotfld+hen cross tjie atraete i'dryiB'hod in iplace^of having io tramp tlirough mud -whenever there «§•;»-' fall of ram. There would be little, if any.: trouble jn: keeping the pitchers clean, and' the cost .would fee but trifling considered as the pnoe of good crossings Notably' me may instance the'-crossings •from Mr, iJohnstone^s comer to the Post Office, and to Messrs Engljshj Seek and Co'a, and from Mr Paterson's at the corner of Bond street- to the Albion Hotel, which m "wet weather are almost impassable.- Whileon this subject it may now be out of place to call- the atteniion of the Council to -the' state of Bond-street, whicb has lately as-; aumedioowudeMble importance. yThe ner< cessity for the formation of that street must be apparent to everyone, and is fully Urgent ao'repair* njade in, Eaymond street opposite the Qarr-on Sards, JJaeaKster street from Bsymond; atreqt, west to the'creek, bas also -strong blaims OB'th'e "attention of f the authorities. and although repeated promisfea h&vebeen; madfjitp Sfiput|n p^^er, there :does notappear tobpauiy.mteiition to, afford iravellers aarafe,patk.4n?ing darknigbts. In some' sparts £of ihat »ia:et)t :•, there ore places where ione .nairary.- step would, be 4Jie means of preMpitating the wayforer, sirito ta iln&mmohlyi.depp; drain. It certainly is time'that the evil should bo 3remedied 3So -deubt there are other and jgiiite^as 'urgent xepaira rfequired, and we may advert to them again; bjit, in -the, meantimBiit is enough to_call atteution to' a few, in the hope that Hie intoraectaoms ol $xe pnnoipal streets, at leaet be aaade praoUcable -dorittg the winter; months - " ™ The first monthly meetiog. of the General GoAimittee o£ ^tbe -&ipp;»ltod iBiuLiray Association will hi beld in theCouncil Ghatdbbn,: ?aJe, this afternoooB " "<3oasbibV "Breim&o; arrived in Sale Isat jnight from Shady H&A.;' Although lie appearefvbry^raakJie-is »»pidly rtcoi^tiirg ifroni- the sffeois *>t his woaods,, A Aelsgpsm to ?S< Gipptlaitd Merao's was posted Jp th^town tyirly on ^hursday mbniiiigj nnnouncipg the Vesult of the Awi-< sioti -oa the Coastitation^Afi' Amendment Bill—48 to 28 ^ tomjority afor the sttand rendiug, 20. Our Mjpilar telegram of-saie prerjou^cfenatSr, Traicli^ras published s f c ^Eeejil»aitifin?>f Th Met •morning, unmmfti3»c4,,iiie the address <o£ ^MrllacPhersoii MrM&Plu; The bets whosppke subsequently were "th® lerteu, iSpplnTStewar^.atia' Joh i Thomas tatltemitatfiajomaijt-M^ taken in a boose Wtixoh only bang »b*eat-jit half- psit! on THnrs- ^ymorning.aniid^considerablc'iixcitemeiii;. jCKWded, and '^.Wsplt^itr; ings,' w tviw in Sate' on a visit to the- •district-^- :: A icorrespondent -?vr^ing" .iroini:Stratford says I—aril happy to say that ihet Strat-.: ford Bridge is^afe, tut X blame thejirchitect for putting the slieet.piliug «o low down at the abutment It should have i>een p.t leastittfeet higher,! aad l am-.issured by. a persDnweU.CLoahfiedto judge.-ithattke?only,, remedy «hoit f.of it!?ovei'--again,' wiLIbetoigeta-jiotofruiibleetone—which, •lam; informedtexists jinthe-neigbbourhopd, —and to cart j a large quantity ^of , it ,:,bebmd * where the sheet piling is at present Good ifcipiare stone pitchers laid behind .tbe piling „ at an angle^of sione .dfc three would stpm, thewater clean off the oridge J 1 ' i The road ;b,etwee^ -Sale—and-: Stratford,- which used to be so godd, ' is now -m aomeplaces veiy. bad, cspeciaBy about Jfuntin, whcrcthe Roadway has-laeen dreadfully icnt- Up by tlie beavy loads of 'gravel talcea orer the ipade portion , for the purposes of the present contract.' There appears to be a difficulty m obtaining graTel/ except at one place, and "until; there Tare::inore ;gravel re- : servesilongTtbe road; it snll* always be cut, np when loads of three tons Veight are continually passing over it " Mr "Higlobotham lias - given notice that - ivien the Constitution ^Amendment BilL is in committee <he-will movetan amendment to the eifect that, the words " Governor alone ", shall mean the Tepreieatatire- pf the Crown.' acting iby and with the Ad vice of the respon-: ?lble,Ministers of the .Crown. .. .He will also move that a new, .clause be insert»d providmg --that the two Houses, as constituted by.the act,-shall not, be competent to ideal •with .any",part, of the .revenue within the^ meaning of the 56th secuon of the Constitution Act. Mr JSjgmbotbam also proposes ; tp insert new, clause m-Jica '«twnti W ;and™12,: providing that the two -Houses in 1 conferencei shall.not. be.competent,. to deal with any bill: by .which an alteration ..in xhe 1 constitution, or the relative . numbers of either body, canie made, , : The comnittee of the whole - Borough. Council onJThursday evening adopted the; report of the Gardens' -.Committee, ; and autUonsed=themito deal with the: area Jn the public.-"gardens sas:: they; sought think best., The apphcation of the inspector of slaughter , (yards -was postponed, and, permission < -to shoot water-fowl on his? own ground nfas granted to -David Sims for fonrteen days.... . Judge Bmdon lias beeu nppomted to act as judge of the "county courts at Dunolly- and, Maryborough, m place of Judge Nolan, who. has been invalided. . . r-a: It roigbt perhaps-be as well if more attention were paid to the provisions of tie registration act, especially as to burials. JProm Jcertain laxities .which bare recently occurred -the -Registrar ,has determined to- enforce .attention !® the law. ." A suggestion thrown out by the Mayor at the Couucil meetmg on Thursday last is deserving of notice. The present pohce quarters have long been an eyesore to the burgesses and a disgrace to the town. Now that the estimates are about to occupy the attention of Parliament,: it was thought by MrGuthridge that the time was opportune to apply, to have the present barrack,removed to the site reserved for it. Cn English, Carter,.; Topping, and" the Mayor were appointed a committee to prepare and forward an apphcation on the subject to Government, so that the borough might at as early a date as pos- -ffiblejreap the,benefit of their own reserve whitJi is now occupied by Government. On Thursday last, Messrs English, Peck, and Co- proceeded against -John M'Donaldafe •the ! Sale -Police Court, in an jactinn . for; ejectment. Defendant- had for some time been a tenant of " Willow Cottage,"-, -m Ba.ymocd-street,--and had paid rent to plain- . tiffs as thetagents of-JMessrs J. H. Kaye and; J. C. Tyler, the mortgagees. . The rent, however, had been left unpaid for some time,-'»nd.:!!flieiplauibffiibought to obtain possession. Mr Patten appeared for plaintifEs-'Mr Spong for the defeuce, raised an objection that the 'names of the landlords did not appear on the face of the notice, and that so far as defendant knew, anyone might claim to be landlord. The point was overruled, jmd an order made that M'Donald, should clear out within ten days. . Yesterday afternoon Constable Byrne arrested a man named John Talbot charged onwarrant with threatening the life of one' Gallagher. He will /be brought before the J bench to-day A promenade concert is anuounced to take : .place to-night, in the Temperance . Hall, Sale. The price of . admission is fixed at~a low figure, so that an evening's enjoyment may be within the reach of everyone.. ; • At the request of .the Pohce ^Magistrate, Dr Arbnckte visited a man named. John M'Leod,; a miller^a few days ago, for the pnrposo of ascertaining his state o£ imnd, • and 4ias : reported son the subject. The doctor says that HTjeod is £Bfl;eniig -from softening of the bram, and :u liable to fits ? he is, however, perfectly ^h^rmless , : It is seldom that .we go out of our way to. contribute the 'regular weekly or monthly "pufl " expec*ted.by out.?w«Wy or monthly Melbonrfie contemporaries. They are quite; able to looVafter their own interests without: the aid of stereotyped laudations which-the (firrittrstof'these often>know;t6 ibe ainfelt and unmerited. •:< .fJntwe-mnljt-biakc an ekceptaon this -week, in favour of " Masks and Faces " in the Weekly fimes The portrait, a little.-, exaggerated m style,,o£conrse, is that ofthe Hon. George Higinbotham, and is an adnnrr. able likeness =of, ;witbonlrjiny exception,'MJiej most- remarkable-inau "in pur country. The profound • thoughtfulncss, the intense. earnestness, the merrous -contention,"aliS the per-i vadmg melancholy of the original are faith-; lolly, reproduced. 5, Jf ^we weije jo aay all that d^servja to:be said. o£ jMr, Higinbotham,-W: shouid. hftYc to >mte &.|ong .artaEle-. ^So Ve' will stop 'here, commending ,thetpartsait, and i the letter-press sketch which nccouipariieS it —alfbongh with the latter-we do not wholly •agree—to the notice:otthe.|!ubUc; ; t - *" The Police Gazette notifies that a Chinese named Ah Twg, about 28 pr>30yfara of ago,, "is wanted", for stealing s chesnat horse from one Ah Yet at BairnsdKle, on the night: of 26th -Apia. Also, that a -man, Angus, M%amon, wht> is supposed, to be in the •neighborhooa of Vralh5la, 5 -Ss charged -on; warrant "with wife -desertion afCEgerton. Iht'Gazette facetiously observes that "he' frejjnente publicshonses. and is quar±e!some When drunk."?' The; description mighT suit; a few othfer people indifferently well •••. 1 Tfie ' jJacalister Itivsr was v. Tuesday last in the Vicinity i of very highs aoa ihe traffic-was stopped on sometporiions otastaffra, and of: (Uieiasadiibetween Ji&w; " " Swfir^dljppei-a&lfii;, an conse^iience,; heftjrise iis Mitaa«M«d ** fliesnow'meltingcn-ithfi ranges.,- .Yesterday the"Th&mBon;' E ver-, had also jrisen con-* sijluaULyi but as tha ram hsi sot been cotttinnona 4jiere need oot be any apprehension JllAlfiood. i < • t , Our attention has been called to the fact that spina-, person has b;eeu -fngbtemng children on-and near •peatsonTs'Bndge-after; 'dart. ''A "Jew Sights-ago, ^two'boys were returmng J home 'iso Wsttwlc, -ihaA person (topped them,andafter aslaogtbema nuuir bet iof sguesiaons, jtsld Alusn »it, ^vas his in-y tengon tentjen 3,0 ,kfll them inem He*iias|bfcen ne ^ULSioeen in ui the tne habit ibit lately-of running after liaiechUdren, peoially girls is desptibea^as a tell man of sandy complexion^. ilcxion^. Th< The attention o? the poRee""msy"bVd»wa?to tho •ttefc '•''M tM PolibeCouft onThto^i^^M ordei was'made against a colour^Lmxn, fVanm ^aton. a w^dy c£ Es ofhis infant thilMiow inAhe Indnsfecita Wihotd, MebsuriiB. «®avtd1Sim was' charged by -the pohce wife'ii^vin^ diachatgedhrearms been obtamed mibse^uent .to .the offence havmg vbeen-committed.- -He :was -told- to procure a permit, Siorn-the Council, andallowcd to depart jn peace. , - j Avpomplamt .--has come from; the residents' ion.-.the Maffira road, that a large hole has •been ,dng..opposite Dr. JEorbes'farm.,. .It was caused, by, ai.dray,. or waggon: having,, been:, bogged, .there. -?.The, place as now in -a rerj, dangerous ,stata? the hole being about-fifteen feet iong, and about -two feet deep; jrjght m the way. of the traffic.- "No,doubt the.,shire council swill have.iit filled.upj.and-tiU; theu (travellers should be careful after dark. At the (Maffra pohce court yesterday, before \- Mjr: .,T?oster, P. M., and ;Mr i Walhams, J. P., i -a-; plaint amder the ITencmg . Act— fiooney.. v •sReid—was adjourned: .i.tali-• next court :to enable the parties to'come to an arrangfiiiiBnt. AsummonB for £-lA-17s 0d— : [Dngan ijv^ Prnden—was dismissed; fthere bad been :a contract between the parties.' C. Humpff obtained -an -order against I.: Young for £2 12s 6d and £1 7s costs E Silver sued P. Schroeder for £10, the value •of a dog killed by defendant: After hearing, conflietang evidence the-magiltrates ? decided.- fthat they had no j unsdicfaon,' and: dismissed the case -without prejudice The municipal elections will shortly take place, and several candidate^ are spoken of for the seats-which Trill"he vacant.-..-? Mr, Carter, for 'the noAh ward, J will not; - it is Slid, be allowed:a walk orarj' mor - -Willi Mr ^Englishjn theesst ward,: wjnje-for-thie south ward there are several,raspirants for famefreely mentioned; "There used to be a gentleman at the council board who had "a terrible down 1 ' on the -finance committee; Where is he, -and why is he -not among the commg Snen? : Where is Mr Ross*' Just, so .The -Quarterly Licensing .Bench., sat at Maffra yesteribiy, when. certificates -for licenses were: granted, to Thomas : Selhngs, •andStephen Parker of. Hewry.. . , Accounts ior the following persons have been .received at the Treasury, Sale-:—W. Bezant; "D. Connor, jnr., T. 3)iclier. 3. Fitzgerald, tr.D Hedley, W. ifWilliauis, D Susseli, H C Staveley, J Wilson, E : Walsh, and T Wallace. 