WQ^ËST'.ON TEB BODIES OP COMMANDER./ . J GOWLLAND,, AND ONE OP HIS OREW\ i Tho inquest on the bodies of Job^ Tt Gor?uandvC>-jmrnrindor Royal Nay//,'and 1 George lwjrsen> W8 ne}¿ ht j. i tfelock on Í day morn'lDR( nt tne 01d cioramodore Inn, J Foint-rrja(jt ifoith Shore. The bodies werereco oy.Ve'aug. and Charles Skinner, of Manly I late < in tho afternoon of Friday, and were plac JP'J charge of tho Water police. After viewin ( "jodies, the following evidence waa taken : John Living, residing nt North Shore, dep He recognised the dead body just viowol ai of John Thomas Gowlland, a commander ii Koyal Navy. He was 30 years of age, a nati Kent, England, He has left a widow and children. He was engaged in the ' survey of Jackson, on behalf of the colonial Go verm Drf.'jnaed was witness's brother-in-law. Catherine Petersen, residing at Blue's Point 'deposed that the dead body viewed by is that of her husband, Henry Guorgo Petcrae I years of ago, a native of Copenhagen, a sail a j by trade. lins loft no family. During th J : month he ha« been employed with Comme j Gowlland. j Charles Venus; a sailor, deposed that ho employed ns coxswain in Commander Qowlli , boat. They were engaged in surveying Port J ; son. There was a crew of four in tho boat-ll i Petersen, John Nicholls, Frederick Gardiner, ness, and the Commander; - About a quarter-p o'clock on Friday, thny were employed off Do taking sounding*. The boat was not nt ant At the time of tho accident, Conaraauder ' was fixing the position the boat with a pocket sextant ; the t men were sitting on the thwarts with the seul their hands, ana witness was standing in tho with a lead-line. The boat was about fifty yi distant from the laud. Tho boat was then fectly steady. . 'Witness looked round towards sea and saw a blind roller coming in. Witi sang out to the Commander," and said, " our bows to the sea." They tried get the boat round with tito oars, but before went round the roller reached them. Witt .reinomborod nothing more until he found him in the water. The boat was struck on the s board bow. When witness came to the surfac the water thé boat was bottom up. About ttve yards from witness he saw tho- Commander i .Gardiner'on the bottom of the boat. Nich and witness took a pair of sculls i went to the boat. Whilst swimming town it, he heard Petersen crying out, nnd saw the knock him against the rocks. He saw no moro ?him until tho body was washed ashore. Wi tn got on the bottom of .the boat and took off clothes, and took tho Commander's coat i ?Nicholls went ashore, and tho Cominan said that ho thought ho could sw ashore if he had a scull. Wi tn tried to get one, but it waa foul with the le; lino, and he failed to do so. When Niche reached the shore, ho enid he would so for ass: ance. Witness wahtedlo take off tho.Commandi clothes, but deceased was nfrnid to let him 1 he should bo drowned. In about titi hour, witn swam ashoro, leaving the Commander and G diner on- the bottom of the bo Nicholls went to North Harbour for ussistan and shortly after that the Commander sn out to wita OBS to lookout for him, as ho wot try to swim ashore. Tho sea was breaking woi over the boat, which was about 140 yards fr< 'the shore. The Commander then took to the BI and swam towards the land. When he came within about thirty yards from tho rocks, hu sa out, " My God j Vonu9, I'm going 1 I'm done Ho then sank and rose twice, and Anal went down. Tho , water is quite clo and from ' where witnops was ho cou see his body at the bottom. Witnt was too /veak to stand, and was lying on the rocl About a quarter of an hour after that Nicho came up with a boat, and took Gardiner off t bottom of the capsized boat, Ho. then to< witness off-tho rocks. They then wont to Man Beach - and gave information.- Previous to t blind roller coming up there was no sen on, ai the water was smooth. They generally ri without warning.-John Nicholls, a boatmn also identified John Thomas Gowlland, ai Henry 'George Peterson. His evidence was cc roborativo of that given by the previous witnet Witness did not see the Commander drowned, ho was going to North Harbour for assistance the'ti ma. During tho afternoon witness retttrni to the-scens of the occurrence i»i a larger boat wii Mr. Charles Skinner, of Manly Beach. They r covered both tho bodies, which were handed ov to tho-Water Police at Manly Beach. Thejiury- returned a verdict of accidental deal from drowning. Tito foundation-stone of the new Anglicn Church of - All Saints, in Occan- strcot, Woollahra, wi laid last Saturday afternoon by tho Bight Rev. I) Bnrkor, Bishop of Sydney, in tho presenoo nf a lari number of the olerffy nnd laity. Amongst tbo clerg; men present were , tho Kev; Messrs. H. Mort, Cane Stephen, Mitcholl, Saliniere, Orton, Hilder, Cuvi Browno-Cave, Rogers, Hoyilon, Bich, Unwin, Lumi (darno, G. H. Morton, Symonds, and Gunther. Th laity comprised the churchwardens of tho parish, th Hon. Thomas S. Mort and most of tho lending rcs don ts. Shortly after 3 o'clock tho Bishop c I Sydnoy, nnd tho'olorgy robot! in Surplices, proceodo from tho Woollahra soliool to tho alto of tito no* I church,' which ia enclosed. When tho cougregtitio: lind assembled around the stone, tho first part of th I service bogan by tho choir of tho Rev. T.vKommis, St 1 Mark's* Church, singing, : together with tho congrega . tion, rtho hymn commonoing, "Tho Ohuroh's on foundation is JOSUB Christ her Lord." ' Tho Bishop with tho ntsomblngo ropoating the responses, recitoi the anto-Coinmnniou, willoh was followed by tho sing ingof Psnlmcxxxii. Tho proper lestons, 1st Corinthians chapter' ill, vorscs 1 to 18, woro tuon read, nnd tin Bishop afterwards engaged in prayer. Thocolleotsforthi following festivals--SS. Simon and Judo, St. Bar tholomew, St. Mark, St. Matthias, and All Saints wore next read, and tho oho!r sang tho hymn, " Whc ara these like stars appearing?" Aparohment scroll was ilion rend anti deposited in tho cavity of th« stone its a scaled bottle, which alto, contained copies ol tho daily newspapers. The Lord Bishop of Sydnoy .having sproad tho mortar with tho accustomed ?formalities, said: "I lay this as tho foundation-stone of a church to bo built in thia plaoo, to be namod .' AllSaints' Ohuroh,' in the nnmo of tho Father and ol ttho Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Tho hymn, " Christ is our Corner-stone," wns thon sung. . After th« -sublime prayer for tho dodie ttion of tho ohuroh to tho service of God, tho Lord Bishop of Sydney delivered a mo.it impressive Bermoll suitable to the occasion. , The imposing ceremony was concluded by tho oholr singing tho hymn beginning with, tho words, " Onward, Christian Soldiers, "and tho Apostolio benediction. A collection was then made, and tho prluoipal portion of tho oompany adjourned to O roe noa Its, tho rcsidenco of L -tho Hon. Thomas Mort, . Darling Point, ,, to I inspcot i tho pioturo gallery aud ; grounds. ' All Saints' : Chureh, : when oomplotod, ; is estimated to soat «oven hundred worshippers ; but at , prosont it' is proposed to build the chaucol and so muoh ! -of tho main building nswill accommodate throe hundred persons. Tho church will bo'built In tho. decorated atvlo. Tho total length of tho novo and ohancol in- side will bo 100 fret, with a width vii 70jfoot. Tho nave and nlslcs'aro"70"feot long byM foot in width. -The chancel ia HO feet by 20 foot,mid tho length of tho walls of tho clo'uteiy is.30 feet. ' At tho wost ond bf the edifica will lo « tower, tho spiro of which will bo 180 feet high. Most of the Attings, windows, &o.;, havo bcon promised, and ludjiiig from tho "architectural drawings, All Sa5ut»',0hurch bids, fair to bo one or th« most picturesque and beautiful ohurches in tho incti'opol'i. Tho nrobiteot of tho building la Mr. E. T. I Blaokot. ; Tho incumbent oft tho- ohuroh is the Kev. I Honry Mort («on of Mr. Hent y-Mort), who recently. carno from Kngland, mid is engaged at present as a ournto at ', tho Anglloan Ohuroh, Parramatta. The amount nlroady inbaoribed is about £4000,'-of willoh sum Mr. .Mort contributed £2000, and Slr Danlol Cooper £1000. , \- Tito nuw hall to bo attached to the Bathurst Soliool of Arts is progressing rapidly, and« Ul bo ready for «so by Noveiribor or Decombor at' tho fur ' thest It is of, great dimensions, and capable of holdinc a very largo number of persons, so that tho want oin suitable plaoo, so muoh folt hithorto, in whioh to hold outertniiiinonts orpubl'a meetings, will cease. Tho committeo intend celebrating tho opening by_ a fancy bazaar, and afterwards nn nmatonr Lthlopmn entertainment. Tho Rood people of Ruglan, tho present torminns of tho WcHtern Hallway line, havo resolved to adopt a novel modo of collecting funds to pay olf n debt upon a ! Behool they lmvo just crcctod. A numbul' of thom havo eugacod the Assembly Rooms, in Bathurst, and will civo an niuatour entertainment for tho beno/lt of ' I '?..ir Behool fiiml, on tho 20th instant. This seems n'\l!-"V<H0r timi Whoring their neighbours with a enbscnpi,-. "ot 