VrIOTORAN `WATER-SUPPLY.-Our gigantic failures in the shape of water cheomos for supplying the principal gold-fields and the town of Geolong are too well known in all the neighbouring colonies to need my par tioularising them. For the last year or more we have been trying what can hbe done towards remedying the blunders of the past, and getting a return for our money. What mneasuro of success may attend those later efforts we hardly know at present; but in a matter of such national importance it is not to be wondered at that speculations are in dlulged in more or loss reliable in character. If the parties indulging in those spooulations were actuated by a single desire to get at the truth it would be all very well, but we are driven to the conclusion sometimes from the virulence with which individuals in offlio are attached, that the assertions and predictions of the writers are coloured and distorted by a strong personal animus. For example, we have just boon told by a writer in one of the Melbourne journals that the works now being carried out are nothing but sheer waste, porverso bungling and wholesale spoliation of public property. The criticism is, however, so much overdone that the public are not much moved by it. From another quarter we have an account of the larger scheme-known as the " Coliban water-works " for supplying Castlemeine, Sandhurst, &c.;, given in a series of articles, prepared evidently with care, by a very competent writer, who sums up tie results of his labour of investigation, extending over some weeks, with an estimate of the workts yet to be done and th7 time required for doing them, it is stated that the principal obstacle to the completion of the work now consists of about fourteen miles of channel, which has to be cut through a difficult country, but which can all be finished in eight or nine months, if parliament provides the funds to go steadily on with the work. The undertaking will by that time have cost the country in round figures about three quarters of a million sterling or about three times the original estimate. If, however, the scheme should be completed in a sub stantial manner and the water supplysecured for the large area of country intended to be supplied, we may not after all have to regret its inception. The Yen Yean works, which supply the city of Melbourne and its suburbs, absorbed a great deal more money than they were estimated to do, but it is now paying handsomely. - Correspondent of S. M. Herald. CAUTrIO TO BARDERS.-Some years ago the passengers of a coach, passing through a country town, were alarmed by seeing a hairdresser, pale as a ghost, rush out of his shop with his scissors and a comb in his hand, and clamber frantically to the top of the vehicle as it pursued its journey, uttering the most piercing shrieks of despair. When he had somewhat recovered his composure, he gave the following explanation of his con duct :-Ho was, he said, engtged in cutting a customer's hair, and while thus employed became so absorbed in conversation that he forgot to control his operations, and, too late, found that he had clipped the hair to such an extent that he had produced a large bald patch on the head of the unconscious victim of his carelessness. Dreading the conese quenceos when the fatal mistake should be discovered, he prolonged the sitting until the coach made its appearance, and then success fully effected his escape, intending never again to return to the scene of his profes sional disgrace. It is surprising that hair dressers, with all their chatter during the time they are at work, do not more fre quently commit similar errors, and they will no doubt be awakened to the serious respon sibilities of their position by a small-debt action which c me up before Sheriff-Substi tute Clark, in Glasgow, recently, involving a question of no small importance to bar bers genuerally. A lady sued a hairdresser for £12 damages, for having, as she alleged, while dressing her hair, shorn it too closely. As put by the pursuer's agent, the question for a sheriff-substitute to decide is, if a bar ber is instructed to cut off (say) two inches from the length of a customer's hair, is he entitled to cut four? The case has been adjourned to allow evidence " to be led," and in the meantime barbers will do well to be cautious; for if the Glasgow lady wins her case, others who feel the breezes blowing with uncomfortable freshness about their heads on leaving hairdressers' shops will no doubt claim compensation. FORESTS IS GesrMANY.t-Few people have any idea of the extent of forest land in Ger many, and most imagine that of the Black Forest little is left except a tradition and a conventional blister of woodland so named. On the contrary, in Hanover alone there are 900,000 acres of wood under state manage ment, while nearly a fourth part of the area of Prussia is in forest, although half of that is in private hands. As is well known, the forest administration in particular districts has long been famous, especially in Thuringia and the Hartz Mountains. In Nrth Ger many generally the responsibilities are allotted in districts among a carefully organ ised body of officers, presided over by a forest director. The appointments are fairly re munerated, and they are so eagerly sought after that candidates will remain on proba tion for years at their own cost, or with moderate and precarious pay, in the hope of securing a place in the corps at last. A postal telegraph carriage is a device ro cently introduced in England for temporary communications. It is a smoveable office, carrying all necessary appliances, with working room for eight clerk,, and half a mile of three-wire iron-sheathed cable is stowed away in the ! boot," to be paid out and drawn in as occasion requirts. It has been found of use at agricultural shows and races. : .' . A young manr in a Titusville hotel put sul phuric acid into his hair-oil bottle, and the result hars boon iiat one of the chambermaids has to wear a wig.' 