LIGHT READING. A gardener's wife made a pincushion out of a Spanish onion, but she found it brought the tears into her needles' eyes. * The Massachusetts papers describe a ghost which fre quents a hotel in Suffolk. It is probably only the the liquor inn-spectre. 'You hev heeni, gentlemen of the jury,' said an elo quent advocate — ' you hev heern the witness swar he saw the prisoner raise his gun, you heera him swar he saw the flash and heerd the report, you hev heern him swar he saw the dog fall dead, you hev heern him swar he dug the bullet ont with his jack-knife, and you hev seen the bullet produced - in court : but whar. centiemen. whflr. I ask vou. is the man. who saw that bullet hit that dog ?' A gentleman being asked by an old lady with rather con fused ideas as to horses and dogs, if his dog was a ' hunter,, said, ' it was half hunter and half setter : that he hunted till he found a bone, then sat down to eat it' A judge at Montgomery, Alabama, recently interrupted a very flowery young orator with — ' Hold on, hold on, my dear sir! Don't go any higher! You are already, out of the jurisdiction of this Court ! ' An old bachelor says that he has known ladies in whom the instinct of decoration was so strong that if they were told they must be hanged in the presence of 20,000 persons to-morrow, their thought would be, ' Oh dear ! , And I haven't a dress fit to be hung in ! ' There is nothing like having .a good command' of lan guage. A Western editor recently had a paragraph (of seven lines) to write about oysters, and within the brieC extent of this he called them — 1. Oysters (plain) ; 2. Succu lent Bivalves; 3. Dainty Luxuries; 4. Viscid Morsels I j This last phrase caps the climax. 'Viscid Morsels' ia good. A fine old gentieman named Plane died at Belvedere a few days since at the highly respectable age of 107 years. He was 'hale and hearty ' — those men who get into their hundreds always are. People were in the habit of betting that he was only seventy-five years old, such a fine, fresh, youthful character was he. A Chicago newspaper Bays : ' His habits through life were those of temperance and vactility.' If this is a typographical error what 'shall we read for vactility ? And if it isn't what in the name ef Noah Webster is vactility ? We ask because we want to, live 107 years, be the same more or less. If epitaphs are made fantastically humorous like that below, who can complain if they get mixed up with sub jects not so grave : — ' Underneath this crust Lies the mouldering dust Of Eleanor Batchelor Shoven, Well versed in the Arts Of pies, custards, and tarts, And the lucrative trade of the oven. When she lived long enough She made her lost puff, A puff by her husband much praised; . ' And now she doth lie And make a dirt pie, ., - In hopes that her crust may be raised.' 1 M. Prudhomme, in the decline of life, was talking with ? his nephew, to whom he related stories of his youth. ''But,, uncle, suddenly exclaimed the young man, ' what struck; you most {luring your life? ' ' My dear boy, it was your aunt ! ' The Beedsburg Free Press employs women exclusively. It says: ' We have a calico 'foreman,' two dimity 'com- positors,' and the sweetest little 'devil 'in pink muslin to be found anywhere.' A book canvasser invaded a 6nug cottage, 'where ha found a bright- looking litde woman sewing by the win dow ; so he began to descant volubly on the merits of the book which he had for sale. This he kept up for half an hour, and as the litde woman made no answer he concluded that he had found a customer. He handed her the pen. which he had ready for her to make a subscription; whereupon, instead of putting her autograph en the list,, she wrote upon a ssrap of paper from her workbox, ' Ime defeanddum.' It was too much for the disappointed man. He retreated from the cottage without saying another word. An elderly squatter, with broad lands and vast herds,, called in a friendly way one day upon a neighbouring set tler. Now, this neighbour had just brought up to the '' station a new servant— a guileless young person, unfamiliar with the manners and customs of the bush. Elderly set tler: 'IsMr. ? at home?'. Servant: ' No, sir.'' Elderly settler: ' When will he be in ? ' Servant r ' Can't say, sir.' Elderly setder : ' Surely he'll'; be home to dinner ? ' Servant : ' Don't think he'll be home at all to-day, sir. Heard him say at breakfast this morning he didn't know when he'd be in, as he was going out duffing MacHunks' cattle!' Elderly settler: 'The deuce he 1 did! I'm MacHunks.' And the pace of MacHunks* horse as he started in pursuit was something to remember. A Martyr to Gallantry.— A clerk m the Indianapolis - post-office is now in the last stages of drouth, occasioned, by his own gallantry in volunteering to lick and adjust postage stamps for the young ladies who camfe to his window. He is very charming — Indianapolis is fall of good-looking girls who love dearly to see him run out his tongue and moiBten a stamp, and the first thing due unfor tunate young man knew he had exhausted hie- 'salivary - secretions, and was as dry as a boarding-house pie. The - doctor says unless he can start the sap in his system he is a 'goner.' ?????- How Wives are Deceived. — The ways in which poor harmless wives are deceived by marble-hearted husbands are many and dreadful : and among the most dreadful cases of deception is this, which We grieve to relate. Ah Tnrtimin. wife, wearing only half a dozen pounds or so of somebody else's hair upon her head, became convinced that life wouldn't be worth having without the addition of : a pound or two to the mass. Acting upon thin conviction she soon, by a series of conversations, persuaded her husband that his life wouldn't be worth having unless the said addition, was immediately made. Capitulating gracefully, he sent home two 'switches,' from which the fair lady was to make her selection. But. mark the wickedness of this abandoned man ! Before dispatching them he carefully rihanged the tags upon which the price was marked, potting the twenty-five dollar tag upon ihe ten-dollar switch and vice versa. After a strict and severe examination of the two switches by his trusting wife and all her feminine friends, the one marked 25 dollars was . naturally enough- chosen. And that wretched man, that penurious fiend, exulted over his treachery to that gentle, lovely wopian. 