RAZQRRIDGE, . ry jamks iookuakt, CONCLUSION.) Long before sundown the nows bad spread from claim to claim and. tent to tent that dale bad taken the noted bushranger of tho Sydney road, When tho day's work was dom> the whole oamp was astir. Kelly's bar was crowded to overflowing, and Buff-tho-BuU hail drunk a. dozen nobblors within an hour, and told all ho knew about the case twenty times over, al ways beginning his story with the same' prqi amble : " I was a-sittin' half asleep on tho steps of the verandah .when I first seed them a. coming up the spur, and Harry he was a-leadin' tho boss. ' Nearly o very nationality of Europe was represented there, although all of them could speak the English tonguo. Taken as a whole thoy would have been conspicuous in any iooa lity as a remarkable body of men. They were all, without a single exception, in the very prims of their days, and an indcscribablo cosmopolitan, aip of long continued travel and out-of-the-way ex., pericnccsof life hung about every one of them.' It was a. curious sight to ueo little groups off shaggy-haired and sunburnt men, dresBed in coarse red flannelB and peculiar-tinted molcskiijs drinking champagne 'out of battered tin panni kips, when it is remembered that every bottlo coat a coin of gold. Thoir contompt of monoy was wonderful, for almost all of tbom had scent hard times, and the most sanguine coulcl hardly expect the lead to last for over. As therqghfr wore on the more intimate acquaintances of Tees dale kept up the carousal in the bar parlor' Brockie was thore among the rest, with bis short sleeves rolled up to his shoulders, ready to fra- ,! terpiso or fight. " Biddy behind the door " had left the mark of her unfominine hands on both his cheeks, ond cub his under lip through to the i teeth with a missile of glass. This was too com mon a circumstance to excite any remark, fon Broekic had never , been seen without a green's 'wound or a half sealed scar upon his face sinc$ ;he had mined for gold upon the spursof Razor' ridge. ' | "WplJ, I dont'i . know, Harry," he said id reply to a remark of Teesdale's, " Ohummie was- bom with a tigerish kind of nature I take it's' he's only followed his instincts, and he's nato,- rally come to grief j like myself fpr instance, when I givo in. to rum and ruin. Tho maqp was horn and bred on qne of tho bock: runs of Belton's, whero he novor savj the face of man for weeks at a stretch., Ho was a feeder of sheep was ChummifJj. b ut he never set up for a gentle shepherd at any time; in fact I've been told that ho was 4- slaughterman from tho very first ; it's ' fate/ gentlemen, and a bad liver, predestination and-; so on." ' " Then," said the landlord, who waB listening at the open door of the room, " you believe that; what will bp will be, Brockie ; is that what yon mean ? " _ "It is, old man, and I also believe that IH have my fair shore of tho money you are hoarding up on the sly, you. wicked <ud green old bay- tiee. Are we not told that tnb wealth of th#; sinner is laid up for the just ? " 4 " You needn't complain, Brockie," the lana lord good-humoredly rejoined. "Yovu luek'g bean in for a long time ; yon havo tho beat claim, on the lead at tho present time." : "Riches have only beon given me for my hurt, Kefly. . A very common case, it seems, for Job or some other bible worthy told the world that some thousands, of yoara ago ; bilt talking of luck, I never was a lucky man, except you call finding empty purses luck; I was always good at that." , " Harry," he went on, as ho bent his blood shot eyes on Teesdale, " the man's death will lie at your door ; it will bother you at night when you go to bed sober. Yov've a tender . conscience, and believe in spirits." "Not tbe spirits of the dead," replied Tees- . dalo, " as for the spirit of the grape——" "Just so," said Brockie,, interrupting him "without ceremony, " you would say it s the best ally of hell. Men differ so. I consider it tho igToatest triumph of civilisation. 'A quart of ale is a dish for a king.' I think you'll find that in' Proverbs, and you know that Solomon iis a man that I greatly revere." ; Mia. Kelly looked in over her father's shoul der at this moment, with her cheoks dimpled in- smiles. "Wolldono, Brockie," she said; "when you speak you have always something to say. If . over I rail in love with a man, _ which I hojpo. won't be for a long time to como, it won't be for His money nor his good looks, nor evon his cha-' meter and worth. Give me a clever man, and let who will take tho rest." "I hear you," said Brockio, "and faith you're a dangerous woman. It's lucky forme that I'm not hard to please. I never cared for a pretty girl in my life ; a man can't sorve two masters, and I own that' I'm tho slavo of drink : but i don't boast of it, I only confess I liko it. ' "You'ro far too drunk," said Teosdalo; ' why don't you say like tho rest of us that you only take a glass to kill tbo time— that you get snared in company— that you don't liko to bo called miserly and mean — that drinking is the fashion? Almost any oxcusowill do, anu ovory- body will pretend to beliovo you." ''Don't sot up for a cynic, Harry," Miss Kelly exclaimed, " for I know you like pleasuro. Toll us now which qualities you would like best in a wife ; beauty first, of course." "Beauty is very pleasant," ho replied shyly ; ,er but I think that good health, good sense, and good temper should go before beauty ; that is, I think so whon I have a fit of wisdom in the morning, but it never lasts, I bow down to beauty. ' "I hope you'll win the woman you like best, Harry," she said, with a meaning in her eyes which nono of the others saw. " You can't sit lato," she added, as she closed the door, " for I've got a headache, and tho house muBt bo cleared by eleven." Brockio Boon got very drunk and incoherent, but Teesdale kept himself entirely sober. Most of tbe others followed his example ; even the roughs in the . bar broke up to go homo (after singing Gentle 'Annie in chorus) with un wonted order and decorum. Teesdalo lingered (ho last of sill, and boforo he went the daughtor of the house had promised to' become his wito on the first day of the first mouth of summer. Vengeance descended with a sharp and sudden band upon the head of tho captured bushranger long before Teesdale's wedding day. Tho news papers were lavish in commendation of Teesdale's gallantry, and government were prompt with the promised reward. The sergeant and ono or two Bpiteful detractors said it was tho price of blood, and predicted that the money would uot do him any good. Teosdalo heard the envious whisper, but he took no notice of it, for he was too happy to allow trifles to break his rest. It was within a week of the first of November that he dressed himself in the evening and strolled down to Kolly's bar. This was.a usual occurrence with him, for ho was never perfectly satisfied when his sweetheart was out of his sight. His marriage morning was close at hand, the claim was yielding splendid re turns, and lie thought the world would bo a pleasant dwelling place for ever. Ho had nearly conquered his passion for strong drink, and felt a thorough confidence in his powers of restraint. Miss Kelly received her lovor with uncommon warmth. She was never at any time a shy and retiring maiden, yet an observant onlookor would have thought her too domonstrativo to be very sincere. Any one not entirely blinded by lovo could have seen that she had been taking Btimulants, for she was flushed to burning, and her eyes had the liquid sparkle of partial intoxica tion. Teesdalo wondcrod at her himself, but ho had not the slightest suspicion of tho real cause. With all her seeming cordiality there was an undercurrent of indifference and restraint. Once or twice during the evening she even looked as if she would insult him openly if she dared. As it was she tried his tompor sevorely by several in- tentioual petty slights, and flirted in a most in delicate way with every customer who came into the bar. It was evidently done to vex and annoy him ; aud she succeeded, for ho drank deeply, so deeply indeed that he forgot his usual caution, made an ass of himself very early in tho evening, and was carried to a rickety bedroom in tho hotol (called the deadhouse) quite drunk and in- capable. When he awoke with a fierce thirst upon his tongue a clock in the noxt room Btruok tho first hour after midnight. Ho lay listening for some minutes afterwards, thon he rose and opened the door of tho dining room with tho hope that Bomo one might be astir, but tbo whole house was hushed aud the room was dark. As he stood with the handle of the door iu his hand, de liberating about tho best means of quenching his intolerable thirst, a confused recollection of a dis graceful squabble in tho bar, in which ho took a leading part, came back to his mind. The slmmo of it brought the blood to his brow, and he men tally resolved' to fight against tho pernicious habit which bad ! brought him so much solf-rqproach. Water was an imperative necessity, and lie bogan to feel liis way quiotly through the room for the door of communication with tho bar. As he knew the house' thoroughly ho found it without any difficulty, and opened it with a cautious hand. A small bedroorri lamp wa3 burning on tho counter, and he started and uttered an ex clamation of, surprise as the unexpected gush of ' light struck upon his eyes. The exclamation was echoed by a. human voice, near him, and two figures, who had been sitting near each other on a sofa in the darkest corner, rose with a smothered outcry to their feet. ; It was a man and woman, Tho man was Sergeant Skiter,and the woman was his intended, bride. Teesdale stood for a moment spellbound and stupefied, then he liftid the lamp and threw the light full upon them. The woman hid her face in her hands, but -the 'man met his gaze without flinching, and a smile, of gratified revenge was on his lip. "I'm an .intruder, here," Teesdale ob served in a voice which' sounded strange even to himself. "It's the' first; time," he wont on, T that a drinking- bout- has ever served my turn and saved : me". from- a- permanent disgrace; SMtor you'll ,pay ; dearly: for :this." He turned his back to them as the wordB left his lips, and put his hand-to' his drooping" head rs if in bodily pain. It was an .opportunity which tbe dastard policeman conld not allow. to pass away. Tbe life- pres'orver which he always carried about his per son was in litis" hand in a mo'mqnt. The woman saw his purpose and screamed aloud, but tlie.warning yas too late. r. The blow de'eended with relentless farce, and Teesdale fell -his whole length upon the floor, straight upon'his face, : with his arms and legs quivering and the blood oozing through his hair. The scoundrel : was-- about to repeat tho blow, but the woman clung to his' arm and threatened to raise the' house upon him. : "It don't much matter," ho said, in a low whisper, ".he's done for anyway, I've knocked in the back of his head:" "You've ruined me iu every way," tho girl whimpered sullenly, " you will be' hanged and I will have , to fly. the country I didn't think you were so critol a ruffian. Oil, I'm a most unfor tunate girl." . ' . ..... " '/ Wo miit hide liis.carcaso," the fellow said as lie coarsely touched' thd"ihseiisible body with the point of his boot.. " Keep your foot away,'' she said, instantly firing up, "you.'ro a coward, he was worth ft thou sand of you ; I'vq'a good mind," she added, to bring the whole house upon you, you murderer, I'm afraid of you." - "I'm.sorry Iwa3s'o hasty," he replied, "but it' can't bo helped, we've got in the mess together,: you forget that ; we can nide it up, and after all lie's well out of the' way; let U3 pitch him into Lawson's sludge hole." " "Do you meaix to make' d she devil of me ?", , the girl '. moaned ; : " you monster, I wish I had never seen your face.. Teesdale' loved me and I led him on, ahd.how you havo killed hini." . ; " Curse you, it was' yoiir own fault," . the man broke in savagely, " with your infernal coquetry you gave himovenr encouragomont ; I've seen' you fifty ; times.' You' knew.' you could rievor' marry him from the very first. Bear a hand, and lot us carry liim'out. It's 'a bad job for us both— do you hear me?" The girl trembled, but she made noreply, as she tied her long hair up ia a knot and prepared to do his bidding. " You take his feet," the man whispered, " we'll lay him down in the road, aud I'll tako care to find him in the morning early ; I havo a plan to hush up the affair that's sure to succeed ; wo havo only to keep our own counsel." " Lot mo carry his hoad then." said the girl, "I'm quite strong enough; on, poor Harry!" "As you liko," no said with a sneer, " take care of your dress; it's lucky he doesn't bleed much. Now then." Thoy carried him with some difficulty about forty yards down the street and laid him broad Upon Lis back by the sido of the track. The night was very dark, the camp fires out of doom were burnt down to a few cinders, and all the township was still ; evon tho listening watchdogs wore mute. She knelt down beside the wounded man, and seemed about to kiss him on the lips, but Skitor pulled her roughly away. " Go home at once," lie said, in a hard voice, "and mind what you re about ; wash the stain of blood away before you go. to bed, and have no fear. I tell you you are as safe osathief ina mill." " You go. first," she said, "I'll watch behind this Btump perhaps till daybreak ; I can't trust you . now I romombor ; if . you try to come back to do him farther hurt, I'll split upon you como what may." The man must have thought it.. wiss to humor her for ha wont off without a . word, and the girl crouched down behind a stump .which was close at hand, seemingly determined to bo a3 good as her word. She mufiled her face in her shawl, and sat for a raiuute with her chin upon . her knees as she shuddered on a great outburst of grief. Then ono of the undefinable sounds which are only heard in the darkness of night, touched her ears with dread, and she started up in dismay. She cast nno quick frightened glance at tho man she had helped to. destroy, then she fled as if a fury pursued her back to the bloodstained bar of tbe hotol, Tuscar had watched at tho dbor of tho tent, and wearied for a long time before he de serted his post, and began to scok his master through tho township. - He first of alt sniffed for a moment at Brockie's door, ero ho started of a trot for Kelly's hotel. He deliberated longer at Kelly's doors, both front and back, and shook his head doubtfully once or twico before ho had thoroughly made up his mind on the subject. He wont thoughtfully away at last, and set himself down in the middle of the road with his ears sharply cocked, and all his nerveB on tho strain. IIo sat stockstill for tho space of a minuto, then lie became strangely disturbed, ran round in a circlo several times, and at last went down the street at his utmost speed. It must have been owing to somo subtle influence, denied to man and_ givon largely to tho bruto, which led him straight to tho spot whore his master lay. Tees dale had received an ugly blow, he was stunned to insensibility, but not murdered outright, and he had turned over on his face since the woman had left. Whon the dog found him ho set up a dismal howl, to tho full as pathetic as the human voico whon raised in woo, and bogan to lick tho bruise on bis blooding head. After a little time the man slowly drew his limbs together, rested a moment on his knees, and eventually struggled to his feet and supported himself in an upright position with tho holp of the stump at his sido. Ho was sick and dizzy, and his memory was con fused for a time, but his senses cleared gradually, and tho sceno in the bar .came back vividly to his mind. He had been shamefully deceived, yet anger soon gave way to pity,' He knew now that she was worthless and not worth a thought, but he could not hate her all at once — he had loved too well for that. . The whole town would know how miserably he had beon takon in. A few would pity him, tho great majority would laugh at him, it was maddening. Ho could havo torn his own flesh in his agony of mind. The cowardly police man had had tho best of it, but ho swore to him self that he would bavo a terrible revenge. What it would be he could not decide, but he knew in his inmost heart that ho could not be trusted with his life, His vigor of body was for the momontgone, and ho had scarcely strength enough to drag himself as far as Brockie's tent. Brockio was a light sleeper. Ho awoke instantly when Teosdalo whispered his narao. " Why, Harry," ho said as he sttujk a light and lit the roraan candle which stood in a bracket at his head, " you're beginning to change your feathers, you fly by night ; you'll have to give it up, my boy, when you re a married man ; tbe happy day draws near. There's blood ou your face," ho went on, "and you look as white and wild as a ghost ; you've been in a shintv by J ove." " I got drunkat Kelly's and had a con founded fall ; I feel half siek now; take the scissors and cut away tho hair and give it a rough dressing like a good fellow, it's' deuced sore" - " A queer place to fall, on the back of your head ; if I t t know you for a confirmed truth teller I wpuldn t believe you ; hang it man," he con-' turned as. he cleansed the wound with a careful .hand "it's as smallasabullet.holeand your brain pan is chipped like an egg ; this is no fall Harry, its been a foul blow from behind." "I'm hurt badly," Teesdalo replied, "and I'll tell you bow it happened to morrow ; in tho meantime I musfc> try to reach my tent, I must lie up for a day or two, I feel that." "Stay where you are, old man" Brockie replied, as he jerked himself into his monkey jacket. " I for one night have had sleep onough ; you'll want looking aftor, ' you're quite feverish as it is." It was several days before Teesdale was quite - himself again. Brockie was an attentive nurse aud did all in his power to facilitate' his' re covery. . It did not escape his notice that some thing had occurred to break off the marriage, but Teesdale was not communicative, and he was not curious enough to ask any impertinent questions. On the ovening of the fourth day his patient was able to get out of bed and look about him outside. " You promised to tell me .Harry he said as they sat down together on a gigantic slab of granite, " about tbe attack upon you, for I'm certainit was an attempt at murder, but you have still kept your mind to yourself, ; now I hare news for you myself, badncwsl'm sorry to say, but Ithink you 1 should be told at onco." "Has Skiter gone?" He started to his feet as ho asked the question, and all the strength which he had hq!flo3t seerad to come back to him with tho words. ";Yes Harry," ho replied, "she's gonealso; they've gone together. I wouldn't fret if I wereyoa," he con tinued- ; it'll only be a nine days wonder, and not a man on the spur that dares makes a mouth at you. . If you look at the affair in -the. way you ought to do you should .consider yourself a lucky man,—' she'll cheat' the policeman too." ' " Yes, yes," Teesdalo answered in an irritable tone, " it is perhaps true enough, but a man can't forget everything at once. My eyes are opened now, yet only a few- days ago I wouldn't have lost her, no, not to bo Lmd Protector of tho world : with her for my wife I could have been content to hoe cotton iu Dixie's land all the days of my life." Brockie shook his head and smiled. . " You'ro awaro Harry," he said "that I've lived a rough life both afloat and ashore.' I dare say I haven t known' tho best class of women, but I can only speak of them as I have found therii. Thoy. are mean,' mercenary, prying, revengeful, spiteful, silly, nasty, 0, hang it all, I'm sick of them long ago;" " You've been unfortunate in your experiences, Brockie. If the bulk of women weren't better than men, tho world wouldn't stand a day." "Booh ! nonsense; somebody has said that be fore, find men have been foolish enough to stick to it ever since ; I . toll yoiia.woman.nfivor did a.goner- ouftaotion yet' without some -.unworthy secret motive, and whatever Mungo Park may say to the contrary." . ;; If You've had a disappointment too,.Brockie, or yott wouldn't be so bitter ; when ' our self- esteem is wounded weajrp- seldom just;?' . . i Kelly stormed and- swore at his daughter. He carod little for the diagtace of hey perfidy, hut ho 'would much ratljor hav e had ., Teesdalo for. a soniiri-law than the .runaway /policeman. .-His datfglitor had made off and business fell off quickly whdn aho was no longer there." "It was not-long before Biddy behind; the door found her op portunity in ono of his periqdical fits .of. drunken ness. It was_ said that she ' ' bought' thq liotel and all its! belongings fer almost 'an-old song ; at all events Kolly soon afterwards went away and left her in pose3sion and he was soon no moro upon the hills of Razorridgo. Teeadalo and Brocnio entered into partnership and soon began to thrive amazingly. A payable quartz leader which- they came. upon in an alluvial claim eventually led thptn to a main roef <jf great richness;; and set therii perinrineiitly on the road to fohtuhe. The., Change. from com parative indigence to. real . prosperity, .made a corresponding change in the reckless improvidence of their lives. The -expensive' habits and loose principles which had been learned with, the wild companions who 'folio# their bohemian calling from rash to rush.,, .wore gradually shaken off, - and BrocEio actually courted: . and married a wife and became a strong 11 advocate for woman's rights. Teosdalo soon' afterwards followed his example'1 and settled down as a rich reefer in the open valley below, where he cultivated a vineyard. . -and read Shakspearo and Tennyson to hisyoung and happy wife in tho shade. ... . -,o.r It was on a sultry summer evening when his firstborn, whosat on fiisk'noo, was nearly thrcoyears old, that a faded unwholesome looking woman, with a i battered hat.. :of -straw stuck on the crown of her head, limped- "slowly up tho flower embroidered walk and chine to a. halt before him. As soon 03 their eye3 mot, the ' man started to his feet. " Good Gfocj!" he exclaimed in a sup pressed but excited voice " you are Annie Kelly." The -woman's face was pale, and puffed, and strangely altered, but the hot blood flamed up to her temples and down over her weatherbeaton neck when she heard again tho well remembered tones. " If I had known (hat you lived here," she replied as she pressed her hand upon her eyes to repress her tears, " I would never have onteredyourgates, I would rather have died on tho road ; I -know 'that : t can expect- no -help or assistance from you.";. J hope you will sit down and rest yourself," ho said with a sigh. " I- have forgiven you long ago;/'. . Her story, which she told with some reluctance, was a common one enough. Skiter .began: > a- studied course of ill- treatment immediately after her elopement and soon drove her to desperate courses, A crisis came at last which parted! (hem for ever! Tho polico had long had an eye on -lier associate, 'and he knew it, although ho Bad carefplly kept the knowledge to himself. WhetfkiB time had' come two men whose dark suits, of grey-had a kind "of regimen tal cut pounced upon him at the corner' of tho street' and carried hi.m off to jail. He was tried atone of the criminal courts for an impudent robbery in one of tho suburbs of Melbourne, and sentenced to a long ttri b of imprisonment.' When she was dolivered from, .the millstone which had weighed her to tho dust, she began a now course of luo. Ill-fortune however pursiied her to the last. Her health- was undermined, and she was long an inmate of an : "hospital and a refuge. When everything else ' had failed her she had travelled on foot tp Razorridgo with tho hope of hearing about her father, and Lore again met with hitter disappointment. Teesdale- listened with a downcast face to her miserable narrative. The shame of.it, and the pity of it, kept bis eyos on the ground, and it.costhim an effort to look hor in the face. " If you wilt'allow me to assist you," he said as she rose painfully to her feet and gazed hopelessly down the long valloy which led to tho great grazing plains, " I shall, consider it the greatest pleasure.of my life — it's a duty indeed, and fortune lias been kinder to me than I deserve." "You aro-yory good Harry," she said with a choking sob which came from her heart, "but I couldn't tako it ; I'm not base enough for that, but I'm grateful, and 0, I can't help thinking bow different it might have been with me. But I have' ono favor to ask before I go," she continued, "I should liko to see your child." Tessdale brought the child, and sho kissed him several times on the mouth arid eyes. Then she followed his father to a' thicket of vines where an open caselnent looked oujt upon the balll browed tiers of hills. Teesdale parted the leaves softly and sho glanced hurriedly into the room. She saw a young mother with a pure brow arid an innocent cheek sitting by the side of a wicker worked cradle and singing a, low love melody as she embroidered a tiny shoe with scarlet scroll work. All dhe simple adornments arid delicate contrivauoca of a woman's hand decorated the room. It seemed the abode of love and peace, and; the home of happy thoughts. Tho castaway shivored and -drew back half blinded with tears. Then she went slowly down the, garden path and was lost among the forest trde's. - A lone'woman lives . at the present day by the side of a breakneck track in a sheltered dimple of the' dividing range. Her home is a very primitive rustic hut, - and she provides refresh ment -for the few travellers who pass that way. Her supplies are brought at regular intervals from the stations on the plains, and sho has never . been known to be absent from her dwelling place for many years. When tbe track is snowed up in -the heart of Winter and, all intercourse cut off with her kind, there is one man who every morning climb3 a mountain peak which lies westward from his home to see the smoke of her chimeny curling up to the clouds.: Her history is only known to two or three individuals, and I very ioyr indeed who knew her in her early days I would recognise the long iorit beauty of Razor- I ridgo, ' . .. 