TBE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. 'Die annual meetings of this body were commenced on Tuesday, September 22, at the Lecture' Hal) attached to the Flinders-street Church. There was a large attendance, includ- '.ibg, in addition to a number of ministers of the Baptist denomination, the Revs. C. B. Sy mes, B. A. «nd J. Jeffens* LL.B., Congregationalts. At the opening of the proceedings the Rev. J." Price, of Moonta, the Chairman for the past year, presided. After devotional exercises, he referred to the advantage gf having as their. Chairman a minister residing near Adcjaide,; .and mentioned that his successor.had before filled the office. He then introduced the Rev. E. J, Lambert, of .Norwood, aathe Chairmanelect. _ Mr. LAHBEBT said—lean scarcely take possession of this honourable chaige without expressing, the deep sense I feel of the kindness and -confidence which my brethren have expressed in me in electing me to this position, and my earaeet hope and trust is that by God s help I may be' able to occupy - the position—representing so many earnest hearts throughout the land—with^ becoming Christian dignity, and to the honour of the Mbster whom we all love and deore to .serve. A hymn having been, sung, MR. LAHBEBT : continued—The subject upon which I have to nd'dressyou is :— - - • " THE METHOD OF CHRISTIAN REVIVALS. " Dear Brethren — Christian Revivals—their philosophy, their; ljeed, their recurrence, their dangers, and their blessedness—constitute, at the present time, the subject of deepest thought and enquiry aiicong God's.: people almost everywhere ; their discussion, therefore, in this address will be considered appropriate, and we believe _will interest all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. I have not selected mysubject—' The Method of Christian Revivals 5 — with any thought of presenting what is novel, but simply and earnestly to remind the brethren that our ' God is. waiting to be gracious,* and that if the Churches really dedr% and seek true revival the blessing mil be: realized. With the sincere prayer that Godi will direct us, and own our words for good, we enter upon our task. " W$ ^woukl not presume to judge the : spiritual condition of any section of the Church of our Lord; bat-generally throughout the world does she not appear to be more or less tainted; with idolatry and corruption—to be «old with scepticism, frigid with old creeds and traditions, torn with envy and jealous rivalries, or paralyzed with the voluptuousness of ritualism, tfith mammon^wonibip, and a spirit of fashionable worldliness? And does she not thus present a very different aspect from that - which characterized her when, fresh with Pentecostal fulness of life, she first met the world; perfect—' not so much in dectrine, or sacraments, or communion, as perfect in her devotedness to the Master, in her continual prayers, and in her bold faithful witness "for the truth as it is in Jesus ? In those days thousands were converted under one sermon, all remaining steadfast in the Apostles' doctrine, and zealously active. Now, with her great efforts and elaborate services, the Church scarcely does more than, hold her own in proportion to the world's-population. . , "Throughout 'her history, however, the Church' has enjoyed : many seasons of sweet refreshing—times of true revival, when her spiritual vision and affections have been ..reenkindled; and in the light which has come freshly from her Lord she has experienced renewed strength and joy. Christ has never forsaken His people, and all the powers of His pre. sence and might lie about us to-day no less tb«m they did in apostolic times. Bearing in mind the fulness of Divine Grace, which Christ has placed within His people's reach, of which, if we 'ask,'-we 'shall receive;' ana remembering the wonderful success of the Church in times of true revival, we all must feel, if it be possible for us to receive renewed consecration and power, then from this time we will not cease to cry, * Wilt Thou not revive us again, that Thy people may rejoice in Thee? " For many months past we have been cheered with good news from home. Whole communities, especially in Scotland, have been strangely moved by a power we believe to be Divine. Marvels of spiritual awakening have been wrought, at which art, science, and philosophy upon their seats of learning stare with wonder. Calm and keenly-observant men—e.g., Professor Charteris, Drs. Blackie, and Bonar, and Cairas, and Thomson, and Pulsford—men representing various schools of thought—are all agreed, with devout and thankful hearts, in ascribing these great spiritual results to God. And it is impossible for usnottofeelinterestedi We pray for like blessings. But while God's breath is thus-moving among His people, and in many parts the Church is receiving fresh impulses, and direction for good, it becomes us "to do more than feel an interest— we should act for ourselves ; we should watch and pray, and so spread our sails that, like the skilled mariner, we may catch the gracious breeze, and be carried forward to better and brighter experiences of Christian life. " We would clearly distinguish between revival and revivalism. With revivalism we have no sympathy, whatever. Too often itresorts to novel j^d very questionable means of mere excitement^ sUch as extravagant and coarse addresses, impudent and conceited denouncements, the thrusting aside of all that is quiet and sober in the conducting of services, ana the introduction cf only what is noisy and demonstrative. Fear and self-interest are appealed to as incentives to an expression of decision for God. Wedo not, object-to an unscholarly man pleading with men for their souls' salvation. His English may be bad or his rhetoric faulty; but if his heart be tender and his soul breathful with the love of the Saviour we heartily bid him God speed. God has often chosen the weak things of the world to confound tbe mighty. But such means as are often employed by those who are styled revivalists,offend' the taste of Christian men, bewilder the judgment, and altogether violate |he fitness - of spiritual methods for securing spiritual ends. Any semblance of success and details of particular cases of conversion are eagerly published. Under such influences toe often the typB of Christian character formed ip weak, while the resultgenerally is not true religion,but merely exaggerated feeling—a kind of unnatural emotion in relation to religion. All-this is injurious and tends to excite confidence in over-stimulated sensation rather than in a sound faith; and tbe result ip repugnance and aversion in the minds «f many intelligent Christians- against revivals or against any special iHieaiis being employed in their promotion. A Christian revivalis not of necessity just any: movement called religious, where human feelings may be deeply stirred and which may be promoted by a so-called revivalist. Giving the name, whether to men, meetings, or movements, wOl never constitute a tnle revival. In a genuine revival of spiritual life there is presupposed to have been a decline or falling away. Those who did run well in the race have grown weary and - been hindered—those who with holy boldness and earnest purpose di&fight;«the good fight of faith'have become faint and feeble, and have unbelted the . sword, laid aside the helmet, and stepped out of the battle- field. With Jsuch there is return and renewal -of consecration. Among those who have : backslidden, and declined into coldness, 'the fountains of sin are broken up;' there is the conviction of guilt because of this condition, and with true penitence of heart there is the spirit of fresh devotedness to God and a new beginning of obedience. Then, further, there are many in our Churches who, after ence partaking of the saving grace of God, never seem to make any advartie "^beyond a spiritual babyhood, but cry continually to be_ fondled by mother Church, snd to be fed upon milk diluted and sweetened- "insteatl of by healthy exercise growing into strength, and entering the lists to do battle for theXord. Such are aroused in a true revivalto seek a -higher Christian life and a more ad. • vanced spiritual state. Where a large number cf . persons _ together are thus similarly moved there is revival,.and where such is experienced there^uickly follows an awakening among the unsavedi_ \- To - : bring:jabout such a condition ofthings, special - agents or agencies are piteiy ^and <®ot - -always unwisely,' employed; and as a_nile the speciality of such season br .work is a quickening, and deepening of the emotional life—the emotion, of courfce,*' should be moral, and ' not merely animal. Peeling reeling IB is cmeny-appeaieojw, chiefly appealed to, and nghtiy rightly so.; 90.5 because with Christians, mostly, it is the feeling that is not equal to-the knowledge. Only recently we iad it '.-reported that of 600 conversions In Newcastle, England, all except 20 had been trained in the Sunday-school; and throughout Scotland, where such large blessings have been enjoyed, the numbers added to the Church have been' chiefly children -of God's people—those whose minds have been intelligently informed in the doctrines of .God's Word, but whose r hearts have remained comparatively unimpressed. Wherever the truth of God affects the heart with power there will be emotion, and often deep emotion. And in any large and mixed populations' where the masses are -not highly cultured, it would be impossible for a great religiousmovement Which has. to-do with the affections, and even the passions, not to produce something that will jar, or chock refined thought or cultivated taste;—according'' to ' men's temperaments there might even be in some cases hysteria. Yet: on these grounds are we to deny' of refuse such movements for good f Were wO able to determine or control the progress of our Lord's Kingdom we sfeould no doubt greatly jirefer a quiet and continuous advance, however rapid Butthis is^not ours to "choose. Throughout the Church's history progress has been made, not in a _straight line, but in circles. The tide of spiritual life has moved, on, .not with smooth and regular flcw/but in waves, the ioto$' and sweep of which have 'appeared at times resistless. There have been summer and Winter— seasons when-the fields have been hard, and the trees bare'of fruit or blossom or even leaf; and there have been seasons when, under the warm breath .of a spiritual spring-time, the life has risen revealing^ its presence in rich foliage and abundant fruit, and the fields have again yielded their increase. Such alternations may not be the highest ideal of growth; but such have_ been; and in so far as wo are able to discern, sudden and rapid changes ..have characterized the life of the Churoh. When such revival seasons recur among us we need not wonder at some accompanying excitements. If we have faith in the old story of Pentecost we shall deem them possible, and even probable. Do not let us demur at this; neither presume to prescribe^ unto God what accidentals shall attend His gracious work. Let us rather rejoice in that we receive the blessing at His hands. Better to have life even with some extravagance rather than a dead form, although there" might be all the symmetry aad loveliness of sculptured marble. * A live dog is better than a dead lion.' " Under the old economy God evidently made provision for seasons of revival. At the great feasts held annually, the . whole Jewish people gathered together from every village and homestead. throughout the land; and merchants and traders even from. foreign cities assembled in Jerusalem tcr worship God. Then, as they gazed upon the beautiful Temple, so associated with their whole history,linking the very humblest of their race with'those glorious forefathers who had walked and talked with God; Aid- as mingling together they worshipped before the veil spread over the burning glory <>f the Shekinah, and listened to the Psalms of David hymning from so many voljjes, their deepest feOlihgs would be stirred, and the great heart of the nation would be lifted nearer God. By such special means God contributed to the maintenance of religion among his people.- "The rapid Spread of the Christian Church during the first,second, and third centuries maybe justly regarded as a continuous succession of revivals. From this period.to the beginning of the thirteenth century there does not appear to have been any large ' outpouring »f the Holy Spirit;' but afterwards came the great Reformation, ushered in. by Wycliffe, and Hu&s;, and Luther. In later days, occurred the reforms or revivals under Whitefield ' and the brothers Wesley; more recently' still the - revivals in America, Ireland, and various parts of Great Britain; and.sow in our own day in Scotland. " Thus almost all the true .life of the Church has been produced by means ot what we may term revivals. 'God has taken advantage of human excitability in order to profecfe powerful impressions, and lead men into obedience. Owing to our natural inclinations towards the world, and the many influences drawing us away from the spiritual, we need these mighty impulses now and again to prevent us from sinking into utter coldness and death. Think of the present state of the Church. Does it not seem as though a heavy slumber had rested upon us, or a palsy had smitten us; that the visible world which is perishing should appear to be the only real world; and the spiritual world, the truths of heaven and hell, sinners perishing around us, and the all-sufficiency of God's grace, seem facts far away and shadowy? If Christendom were really Christian, if professors really^believed instead of believing that they believe, if men were logical and consistent, the dread of damnation and the earnest seeking of life everlasting would constitute a phase of wonderful power in every intelligent soul. Believing as we do the great truths of God's Word, is it not marvellous that revivals only reciir at intervals? Did we really believe, this condition of life would be normal and regular in every Christian Church. We seem, indeed, to have been naught in the backwater of a receding wave; there appears so little .confidence in our beliefs; so little warmth and flow in our love, and so little enthusiasm in our service. " Seeing, however, that as in nature, so in the spiritual life of the Church, there come seasons of renewal and revival, the alliimporizuit^uestion arises, Under what conditions tij^ Myival' blessings be enjoyed, or in howjf^vand^fo jWhat extent can we promote a Christian'revival ? ' 'Power belongeth unto '''flodi^^'Meli'^: might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, ^saith your God.' This, however,'? does not extrude method in the divine operations. That' power belongeth unto God' is equally true in nature, and yet we should neyer ctream of securing healtLpr gathering a harvest without conforming to certain conditions and applying, certain practical laws. Christians are far too prone to regard airerival of religionas some peculiar and miraculous event—something altogether beyond the reach of human influence or agency,' and"in no way coming under the ordinary rules of cause and effect, or showing any connection between means and the result. Such a doctrine is certainly not in harmony with any of God's acknowledged methods of'procedure, and for the Church to adopt would prove most dangerous. " On every hand we observe the operation of law; and uniformly the Divine procedure is so regulated as to be available on our behalf.' Great physical forces everywhere offer themselves 'for our use—the rain to soften the- u soil, ;the sun to ripen the corn, and the winds to waft our ships and bear our cargoes home. Let man act in sympathy with nature, and apply the powers within Ins reach, and they will pour the tidesof their strength through aU his labours, and yield him abundant good.' Let man, on the other hand, think that his labour interferes with the sovereignty of God, or detracts from the Divine honour; and then, instead of turning up the furrows of his fields,or spreading his sails to the breeze, let him fold his hands sentimentally and wait God's time for prosperity—his fields will never laugh with harvest, nor will his ships ever reach their pent. "Just as truly, there are near and about us in the spiritual realm infinite divine forces; and while all power belongeth unto God, so that, in the conversion and sanctification of a single soul, He is supreme in His prerogative of bestowing the blessing, yet in these gracious acts He is a God of order; and just as there is method in all His other works, so there must be method here. God, if the powers of His grace be properly invoked, will undoubtedly, readily and adequately respond. He ' is waiting to be gracious;* yet the Church, refusing te employ the. proper means, dreams on in vague expectation. "It is certainly the will of God that men should be saved, and as certainly that the eternal and unchanging God is always willing that men should be saved: It cannot be that God acts by fits and starts, feeling graciously disposed at one time—e.ff.. in times of revival—and then through long seasons of coldness in the Church, feeling altogether in different. Neither cain our God be partial, cherishing different affections -for His children m one land and His children in another land. Whatever Divine sovereignty means, it certainly cannot mean that because He wills it and for no other reason, He is withholding from us His blessirgs of mercy and power. The reason for winter is not that the sun changes—that it is more distant or less warm.. . All the difference to us of summer and winter results from the difference of attitude or position the earth herself takes in her own orbit. Depend upon it there is nothing our God BO intensely DE£KR«.AS the salvation of men; and this should be clearly recognised and fuUy admitted.* In the Gos^ God has provided the means for saving' men, snd these xieaas He entreats His people to employ— ' Go ye into aU the world, and preach the Gospel to every caeature.' He ' now commandeth all men everywhere to repent.' " One condition in the plan God has devised and revealed to us is that His grace shall reach men through man. God Himself, in visiting our world and dealing with mankind, * was manifest in the fiesh'—'the man Christ Jesus. Of the early disciples' work we read, 'The Lord wrought with them,' or by means of them. 'The Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip' in order ^that Philip might javaogelize atAzotus. Granting, then,-that man is the medium through which God "is pleasedto bless our race, we come to the enquiry—What is the law or method which affects us, and by means of which., the great work of grace, seen and felt more particularly in times of revival, is produced and controuejl? " A true Christian revival is God's work, and born-from above; so'that to 'get up a revival' is a.phrase and a sentiment altogether.out of place. For a . true revival to be experienced there must be on the part of God's people the exercise of; much faith and prayer; but underlying these as their foundation there must be real sympathy with God. Indeed, all religious life -might be thUA defined—supreme sympathy or oneness of feeling mth Him—in His love for all that is holy and true, but hatred of all that is evil—in His tender compassion for the sinner, but hatred .against His sin. And throughout the Church True ' spiritual health is a genuine sympathy with God. The Divine method is to act wherever there is this true sympathy, or wherever there is the susceptibility to His influences. ' He is waiting to be gracious;' but He works through UB, and where there is the abeenoe of true sympathy there the operations of God are hindered, and His power is limited or restrained. Without doubt, the lack of power in' the Church to-day may be traced to the lack of this foeiing. We cannot be revived until we are willing to be revived, and also willing to yield ourselves up to the claims and demands of a revived life. Many in our Churches "want a revival which will' not -involve much trouble or inconvenience, or that will cost no self-sacrifice. Nearly all Christian professors say we need and desire God's Spirit. Letus'pray for it. And we urge by all means pray for the blessing. But, brethren, let us see to it also that we are true and sincere. How many shams there are in Christ's Church! Each one by membership in the Church has professed himself to be not his own, but Christ s— bought with His precious blood—and to Hi» service he has vowed himself. Yet with how many, from Monday until'Saturday, almost the -first' and. last, thought is about self—the chief question being how best to advance personal interests rather than God's work! How intense are the strain and energy devoted to laying up of this world's goods, «r the securing of earthly power,"while the claims of a perishing world are unheeded! Men profess in their creed to worship God, but they prove in their conduct, which.all men read, that Jehovah is dethroned in their temple, and the God they worship and serve'is mammon. Now, this self-seeking and want of thoroughness' and sincerity are altogether out of sympathy with the Spirit of Geo, which is holy and loving and true. As in the case of Ananas, part of the price is held back, and in God's sight this is a lie, which grieves His Holy Spirit, and prevents His indwelling presence. Whenever the world comes between us and.God's light, there must be night and darkness. " In our Lord Jesus Christ we have the perfect exemplification of a complete sympathy with God. In Him dwelt the fulness of the Godhead bodily. He could say, ' I and the Father are one.' How His life was expressed in prayer and labour! And for an illustration of this sympathy ruling in the hearts of a community, so as to promote a true spiritual revival, we may. consider the first Christian Church at Jerusalem. Here were men who knew the truth, and understood their mission in the world, but "felt they needed foroe in carrying that truth to others. To them Jesus had thus spoken:—'Behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you; but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high.' Ana this was emphatically the endowment of Pentecost In that upper room the disciples waited and received the Holy Ghost, who enlightened their understandings, gave force to their will, reality to their character, and intensity to all their life. And you may observe, it was when- sympathy ruled their hearts, when they 'were all with one accord in one place, they received the promised blessing. Throughout the ten days and nights during which this disciples waited they never wearied or lost sight of the Master's promise. None left the little company, or disappointed with the delay-turned to other pursuits. They went up to the Temple regularly at the hour of worship, and between these times, gathered together for meditation and prayer. They waited and pleaded, pleadod and waited. At length op the morningofthe tenth day, when their hearts were evidently prepared—when * they were all with one accord in'bne place,' the precious promise was fulfilled. .Thus it has erer been. Where among God's people perfect sympathy with the Divine obtained, there has been manifest the full T ind^lliug^of God. Rut, brethren, this is not our case; Mid lacking tins sympathy with God, '^e &bE-t;|ie very condition upon which true \- reviyal"blie«angs can be received. We scarcely Yealiee to what aiamentable extent the Church of Christ is . out of-sympathy with her Lord's wotrk. We bare the promise that nations .shall be'-born in a day; and yet, suppose that the whole of our city, all classes, high and low, were now .deeply moved with an.earnest poncern about eternity and salvation, each eagerly addressing the other, saying 'Let us come togetherandipray; let us seek the Lord's mercy*—men giving; up a portion of the day from business or pleasure for worship and prefer—hundreds being concerted —the telegraph' lines bearing glad messages to all parts of the land Celling of the Lord's dealings with us here—what would be . thought by professing Christians? All would wonder^; many would be_ incredulous, and some would object to the gracious movement as containing too much excitement aad interfering with trade; /When we are prepared, as was that early Church—our .hearts in full.sympathy with God and His work —then He who is waiting to be gracious will not delay to bless. With a mighty fulness will He take possession of our spirits, moving us forward with a common impulse as the rushing wind through the forest tunas every leaf on every tree in the one direction of the gale. "Faith, t>rayer{ and effort, all hold a most important" place m the method of Christian revivals. Each must be in exercise. But true sympathy with God implies the possession of faith, and will most assuredly express itself in prayer and effort. "Prayer is the appointed means by which (Sod's oeoule shall obtain blessing—the prayer of faitirHe wOl always hear. By His surd promises we can lay hold of God, and say,' We will not let Thee go except thou bless us.' As God gives harvest to those who obey the laws of husbandry, so He gives blessings in answer to prayer. It is theDivine law; and because God does not change His order, we always through prayer gain spiritual gifts which otherwise we never should enjoy. He inspires the prayer, and can and does respond. But prayer must be distinct and definite. The blind man for a long time cried—'Have mercy upon me, thou Son of David;' and our Lord's answer to that prayer was, ' What wilt thou that I should do unto thee ?' When the man shaped the burden of his need into a definite request—' Lord, that I might receive my sight—the blessing was at once given. Through the centuries the voice of prayer has n6t ceased, neither has the Lord's ear been heavy that it has not heard; but too often the prayer has been indefinite. To-day the Lord asks Bis people, 'What will ye that I should do unto you?' We need now to define our needs—'Lord that we might receive renewed life—life in our own .souls, is our duties at home and in the mart, in our Church work and every service.' It may be with us as with Israel in the olden time—God waits to bestow the gifts; yet to do these things He will be enquired of by the house of Israel, not by one ' family or one individual, but by the whole house.. Were the Church as a whole in sympathy, with God—for without this prayer will not avail—did we reallydesire revival, with power to win souls, and did ,we plead thip ^distinct prayer, revival would come... Wheg Elijah was ready, the wood propped, and t&& sacrifice laid upon the wood, then in answer to his cry the fire came down. There must be iii our Churches a vast Mount of fuel yffepared. " There are knowledge hnd - exoetkUM resulting from yean of labour Wrfne^th« lrbir«» God to kindle all into a Imngaeriioe. Were wOreaayto cry wfthfaith the fire, would come. The wkteipota are aU filled. Had we faith enough to draw out now we should doubtless find all changed late the tree wine of His kingdom. v _ " Xffort also enters into the method of Christian revivals; and such in the use of appropriate means will be prompted by true syxnfMribjr' with God, In BO far as by preaching effort is made 'to arouse men, the doctrines held and taught must be according to the Scriptures—the Father's tender pitying love for tinners,, the Saviour's aH- suffioient atonement and intercessory work, the Holy Spirit's regenerating and sanctifying influence through the Word. These teachings have ever been God's _power unto the salvation of every on? that believeth, whether *ude barbarian or pofisjisd Greek. Our resources are quite equaTto bur work; for however feeble we are. One is with us whose :might is omnipotent. Were we in true sympathy with God, we should aQ of us be out seeking souls, holding more meetingSjand in prayers and labours rnorig abundant. When thereif a correct apprehension of &ese; great truths of reVelStion, with a just recognition of the responsibilities they involve-J-whbn the feeSng is iequal to the knowledge^ ana each ^Church-member accepts < the obligation,- 'let him that health sa^ come, then will there be a widespread awakening, and inners will be converted unto God. "There'still remains the practical question —' How on man's part is this spiritual condition to be attained ? .Christian revival is revival of the innert spiritual life: the work must therefore Commence with the individual. ' There .must be honest self-examination. Very few of us, were we honestly to search our hearts and affections, our lives and conduct, but would find in bne or other or both, reasons why God's blessings are restrained. One of the firstthings we need_ in order to bring about a better state of things is to deal honestly with our own consciences. Te what a -low ebb has our personal spiritual life becomereduced! How languid and torpid! What little true consecration to the Maker, or reality and enthusiasn in His service do we realize! What little disposition have we to make sacrifice for the sake of others! We love our own plans and possessions and enjoyments for more than His work, and would much rather indulge our love of ease than exert ourselves for His sake. Have we ever spoken faithfully to another about his soul? Do we not often, perhaps constantly, stay away without justifiable reason from the regular meeting for prayer, where our presence and sympathy would greatly encourage those who are working? In now far has a warldlinees of spirit taken possession of me? Is it possible that I can find more interest and zest in an evening at cards, or in an opera-house, than I do in seeking to win a soul for Christ! Do I really feel more anxious as to the fashion or appearance- of my dress than for the possession of spiritual graces! If we are honest with ourselves, vary many of us will scarcely wonder that God's might iss<> little felt in our midst. "There must be humble acceptance of all blame. Let us be calm and faithful in our selfjudgment. And if, in view of His claims and our privileges, we recognise our spiritual state to be poor and miserable and low, let us humbly acknowledge our guilt. It is not our Lord's will that we should be thus weak. We have neglected ourselves, and been unfaithful. When our consciousness of blame is deepened, we "ball be disposed to seek that dear Lord . whom we have fprsaken, but who pleads with us to return, and is waiting to renew our strength. : "There must be faithful recourse to*Jesus Christ for renewed consecration. Often when men are conscious of feebleness or failure, they seek to rouse themselves by spasmodic efforts of splf-condemnation, and fresh vows of devotion. But working from their own feelings merely their vows 'soon fade and foil, and they sink into a condition more gloomy and fatal than ever. Christ is our life, and fellowship with Him alone can renew, strengthen, and mature the inner life. Our'life has not an' independent existence. It flows from Him as the stream flowsj from its fountain springs, or light from the sun. 'As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me.' Communion with Him is realpower. When like a branch in the tree we abide in Him, then like the Bap He will abide and move in us. ;" There must be a ready response in our conduct to the gracious kifluenoes of God. Were this spirit common throughout the Church of Christ there would be no need for fresh or novel anplianots or forced excitements. The true spirit of the Saviour—perfect sympathy With the Divine—would pour its living strength through all our ordinary plans of work—Sundayschools, Bible-classes, and home instruction. The machinery is not broken, but only needs impelling power, and that we should realize in the spirit of Christ. \- " Dear Brethren, we may surely indulge the hope that all have come together to these meetings earnestly desiring the blessing of God; ahd we trust that when we shall return to oorj respective homes and spheres of "labour, it will be with a n increased spirit of consecration to our Lord. Whatever may be our opinions as to the means' we should adopt in order to promote .revival in otir work, let us not depend upon any novelty of form or teaching, but simply upon the Master and the power of His might. Let us humbly apd earnestly seek from the Lord a -spirit of loving unity and devotedness. By such communion with Him to whom belongeth all power, we shall be made better men,- better ministers, and better members of His one Church. We do believe in prayer, and in united prayer. As one practical, outcome'of this occasion, could not the Churches here, represented agree upon ooncerted action, to plead with God for revival blessings; that at a date to b| fixedspecial services dunng one week should bO held in all our Churches throughout the colony ? Such special services would surely stir tfaje "hearts 'of many of Our people, and accomplish much good. Attention to divine things w|uld be awakened, and self-examination, with m|>re earnest prayer "and effort, would result. Worn , every part of the land the cry would arise, which cry God would hear and answer, '\£ilt Thou not revive us again, that Thy people may rejoicein Thee ?*" <Applause.) The Rev. J. M. DAY, of Kapunda, proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Lambert; also that the address be printed in lns(h and Progress. If it were not out of place he would have liked to have noticed a motion given -£or consideration next day in reference to the suggestion thrown out in the last paragraph of the address, but probably there would be more members from the country present in the. morning, and they would then be in a better position to discuss the question as to whether it would be possible to have a week's special services throughout the denomination. It was generally understood that they should not enter into anything like an elaborate discussion upon the subject of the address, and therefore he would not enlarge upon the matter. The Rev. J. L. PABSONS, of North Adelaide, seconded, expressing his sense of the enjoyment^ as well as mental profit, produced by the address Attention had been for some time directed to the subject of revivals, and there could, he thought, be very little doubt that all sincere Christians desired to see special in addition to the ordinary services. It seemed clearly to him that however they might endeavour to define the method the revival lay outside the method. He then referredto the revivalsof the middle and early ages, and the methods adopted by Wesley, Whitfield, Jonathan Edwards, and others. However, they might shape their ideas as to method, they were, he affirmed, brought back to the point so clearly mentioned in the address,, viz., that all power of revival was from on High. Still they might utilize the means at their command in order to assist themselves in their progress. The Rev. Mr. PBICE suggested that., the matters should be thrown open for free discussion, .and trusted that no formality;or want of formality would prevent their esteemed' Congregational brethren from expressing-their-sentiments on the subject that had been dealt with. The CHAIBMAH, on behalf of the s Baptfet Chnrclf generally, expressed the great pleasure that was felt at toe. presence of their dear brethren. They did'fed that they were very near to them, And they believed as Christians that there were many truths quite as important r ^ if not mora important than that which separated' ' them. He quite believed that on the main points both Baptists and Piedo-Baptists were really one. (Hear, hear.) : The Rev. J. JXRXKIS said that Mr. Syxnee. . and himself came that night charged with, mes- ' sages of goodwill and fraternalEympathyfrom tte Congregational Union, and these he had great pleasure in offering. (Hear, hear.) He had often thought what * loss of power aroee from the holding of such a meeting as the present and another which it was proposed to hold shortly as*, two separate gatherings instead of one unitedmeeting. If they could act In concert they would not only double their individual strength, but they would, he was oonvinoed, become fourfold /tronger. In his early years he had had •many a dream of a union between the Bapitists and Congregationalists, but more mature life brought with it many points ef sadness, amounting (in some particulars almost?' to melancholy. He was sorry that in this instance he could not now- indulge in dreams of unien as he used to, but still he hoped that the good day would come .eventually. It would be well if they were to ad^ptthe suggestion thrown; .out by the Rev.'Mr. Mead some twelve months or two years ago, with which he at the tima cordially sy mpathized, viz., that Churches should be both Baptist and Congregational, all neoessary appliances for the offices of either creed being provided. He had, he mentioned, almost as much sympathy for the Baptist insti-" tutioEB as for his own. He trusted the Association would help them in reference to Union " "College—an institution founded by the Baptists^. Presbyterians, and Congregationalists for the purpose of giving a good biblical and literary training to such young men as were likely to be ^engaged in preaching the Gospel. Mr. Mead and himBelfhad workedtogether with the utmost harmony and good feeling. He trusted they Would continue to do their best to suppoit and , . assist what he might be pardoned for calling an admirable institution. . (Hear, hear.).. 1 The Rev. C. B. SYXES thought the burden of their subject was "just this—"Brethren,:we salute you," and affirmed that the generic resemblanoes between the two sects were far stronger than the specific differences, forwhatn i ever the latter might be they both sought to i bring the Gospel to the perishing. There was truth in the resemblance that evoked their deepest feelings, and therefore they would rejoice in each other's success. They did not rejoice in that which tended to.-part -them, neither did they pretend to wish success in preaching pure , baptism, but rather the Word ef God.. The ties ? ' i>f affection • would become doser and more Stringent just in proportion as these difficulties - Were felt more and more to be of a secondary - ' character to the supreme object in yiew. He had long cherished aliope of. union between the Baptists and Independents, but he had lwgun to« feel that it was almost impracticable, ana there could be no union without a tacit admission that the principles upon which the . denominations were formed were not sufficient to wa&ant; tha existence of two separate sects. Suchan admis-^ sion could bardlybelookedfor,and the/mustjty their separate works, and simply strive to avoid any collision that would endanger the leading interests of the Christian'Church. He trusted.' there would be a desire on both sides to avoid any such division of the spiritual interest in any t particular locality* He rejoiced in listenh^ t» the paper read by the Chairman, which he . ; thought _ contained so many faithful and 'dis- . * criminating statements, in which, too, they AU felt deeply interested. There would not, Sa; t thought. be any propriety under the circutn-; stances in his endeavouring to speak on the * aper; but he might mention that he felt it to ^ t_ e their duty, as Christian Churches, to continue in prayer, although he was not prepared to say that that would bring about a revival of the ' spiritual life just at the present -period; . They must await the Master's fulness of time;. - for while it was their duty taost humbly and ; constantly to wait upon God, it was not for > them to dictate th? time of the bestowal of the desired blessing. He begged to respond thank- I folly to the cordial welcome they as delegates bad received, and expressed the sincere interest felt by the Congregational Union in the " spiritual welfare of the Baptist denomination. (Applause.) ~ The Rev. Mr. PBICE supported the motion > very cordially, concurring in the opinion that the l attention drawn to the subject of revivals was most timely. They-did not, he remarked, * believe in "adult," but rather in " believers' ' • baptism—(Hear, hear)—and he said this the > more readily because his sympathies and interests r with respect to believers amongst children had —a set of papers contribute! by the Rev. Mr. Dale, of Birmingham, to the Congregatwjvalat,; i a paper read bytfr. Symes before the Congre-A. g&tional; Union, upon the doctrinal basis upon: - " which they prooeeded in' efforts among the 1 young; and a very practical paper read by 'Mr. Jefferis-at the same time. He then enlarged t on the various aspects of the subject, and ex- ^ ° pressed an opinion that the two sects would be-- . brought more closely together in the future. A Prayer Union had been' already formed in the '- colony, in bonneetion with Which there were 12 1 or 13 ministers of seven - or eight different denominations. (Hear, hear.) >' ' j The meeting was closed with devotional exercises. ..,_, , . , CHIIBCH OF ENGLAND.—The Lord Bishop returned to Adelaide, on, Monday, September 21,. from Woodside, having, on Sunday, the 20 th, officiated and preached in the churches at Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside. Full - congregations- in. each township, comprising "1 members of other communions than the Churoh ,- - of England, bore striking evidence of the respect and love felt for the late' revered minister, the Rev. W. A, Clayfield. . . - =THE REV. C. THESISB.—We are sorry to learn from the Northern, Argus that this esteemed Bible Christian minister is still in :a precarious . * state of health, .the- accident he met with^ " ently having proved very serious. For a time went on well, and there was a proepect that - would soon get over it. . But he has had a apse, and his foot is now; much swollen and - boned, the pain extending up his back. The is^nptoms are rather alarming, but there is still hope that with proper treatment and care he will . gOt well before long. PHILHARMOKIC SOCIETY'S - ANNUAL REUNION. The Town Hall was on Tuesday evening, the 22nd, a scene of gay festivity, owing to the efforts of the Committee of the Philharmonic ' Society to afford a pleasant change from.the ordinary weekly rehearsals. It was evident from a glance round the assemblage that many looked forward to having a merry dance. About 186 couples presented themselves, and a lively band was engaged from half-past 8 tillthe small hours. A few good songs and a bountiful ^ repast were presented in their proper order-on ' the programme, and the whole affair was considered a marked success.' " •V CLOSED Saturday evening next, the 26th < September, BBANDON'B SHOE WAREHOUSE, 78. Bundle-street. , 265*76. M A E A V I L L A COCOA.-TAYLOR BROTHERS (the largest"Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for purity—fine Aroma, Sanativa, Nutritive, and Sustaining power; Easiness ot Digestion, and especially high delicious flavour..' One trial will establish it as a favourite beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a soothing refreshment after a late evening. N.B.— Caution,—" MAKAVILLA" is a registered Trada Mark. KABAVILLA C000A.—The Globe says, "TAYLOB BROTHERS' MaravQla Cocoa haa achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare ooncentra- 1 tiori of the purest elements of nutrition' distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above aQ others. For invalids and dyspeptics we oould not recommend a more agreeable or valuable - beverage" For further favourable opinions, vide Morning Post, British Me&ical; Journal, tto., &c.; ~ H O M E O P A T H I C C0C0A.-Ihi» original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, .is manufactured . by TAYLOR BROTHERS, under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided T»y the skill and expSHeinoe '"'" of the inventors, and will be found to combine ia .-3 an: eminent degree, the pjirity, fine aromQ, Mid • nutritious property of thefresh nut. ' ~ ' -* SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, « » minute without boiling. The above'articles are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR BIBOZHSBS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-, • linfcd packets only by StonkeepeBs and others all; over the world. £ftea»MiHs, Briok-Iane, ; Lctodon. Export GMeory MHJs, Bruges, Belgfov, 103mwfWnMa 