£ocitl 2Jru#s. COIIONKU'S 1NQUKST. At the Cmniucrcial IioU-l, tibarii-btrcRt, Coomn,on Monday innrinng,the Coroner, Mr. II. LipKcnmb, held an inquiry tonrh iii-,' tho (lcalli of Itohcrl John Main, whose body was founil on Sundny. Jury : Messrs. It. K. Jarman fforr mnn\ nn\iil IT^intnir. Mnrlr V.ioilim Klward Jilclnlyre, and John fiuiley, junior. 'J'bo jury Imving viewed tlio body, John .M niii (icpoKed : I am a elone mnsnn ri'tidmg at Muriumliucca, and the deceased wast my noli ; 1 ln«t «nw him ulive on the Sllth of August, the day on »hidi hu viih drowned ; ho loft Myalla somewhere, admit 2 oVlocIc on tbnl aftor inion, for the purpose of coining to Onoinii ; 1 iii'Ver mw him nlit 0 afler Hint ; my rcviihiii'i' is on tlic other side id' (he iMiiiininliiilpee ; E'liiifwhore nhoiit 9 o'clock mi ib» e»piiin:f of Mnmlny, (lie 3lFt 01 Aiu-tisl. 1 beard a report of his (ii-alli ; in coin-.iipiwicir -if litnrinR (hat the di-eeiis.il hud i.llcinp(H (o onis« Ihu MnniiMiliM. ?..?.' mi il:e nii:i.t of Saliirday, tl..- v'!i-:i A !.i-v-\ nml .',f iliu horse lie wns !.?:',,,? Ii;ii;i.l- l'»en found on the r,.:i»-.M':: .:.?;.?. f' ?:. i:,y. (heGOth Aii(;nst, ii 1111:0 !???:? 1 i1 f,1'.::. :---nl myself inmli- u B.'iirdi f'i ii '? ' '.y 'f my son ; at inter val-', c miiii inns y. -.rn have searched for tho IidiIj inni! yittc riiny (t^undiiy), when (lif body was recovered nl what 1 reckon, following the river and walking, lo be uboul leu miles below where, the carcase of the horse ivhs recovered ; Ilio road is a much one, and may not be so fur; James McNniiiura discovered the body of my son ; 1 was with him nt the (imc, within s yunl ; I um quite certain tho body foi'iml is (lint or my eoii, Kourit John .Main, who was lost 011 lha 29th of August last. James McXamarft deposed; I 11m a Iflbiiurcr, rotiding nt Mr. Parid Main's, Mnrrumbncc. ; I was out with Mr. John Main ulmig tha hunk of (ho Mtiiiuiu bidgee liii'er yesterday, about noon, senrcliing for (lie body of Itolicrt John Main, who was supposed to linve been drowned some lime previously ; I found the body nbnul a mile and a half below John Uullei'ts; by tbo river, it is about six miles below the crossing-place ; the body was on the bank, about ten feel from the water ; I nin quite certain it is tho body nf Robert John Main. Henry Edgar Johnson Kimonson de posed : I am n builder, residing in Coorna; I knew tho deceased, Robot t John Main; I saw him on tho Snturday cvening, which I believe (o bo the 29tli of August, when ho was drown*d ; it was between halfrpoBt Gaud 7 o'clock when he called nt my place, nnd il was between 7 and 8 o'clock at night when he left ; he told wo he wn» going to cross the Murrumbidgeo Ulvcr ; it was a beautiful moonlight night when he left ; I tried to induceliim tostay (ill morning ; I believe (bo river was up:,l beard it reported but not (ill nftrrwards that the river was high on the Saturday that deceased left my place; I heard of his death on Mon day ; wlien I wont out after dinner on the Monday (the 81st August), tho river w»E then Iiipli, but liml fallen consider ably ; from what tho miller told nip., the river had fallen eighteen incites ; it was on Mmd.iv, when I head of the horso being drowned, (bat I knew of tlio rivor bring high. Tim jury returned tho following verdict :— 'That the deceased, Robert John J!nm, nas accidentally drowned whilst nlt.impling to cross tbe Munuin bidgee River on Hie 29th of August last.' Catholic. — It hns been announced by the Very Rev. Dean O'Brien that it is the intention of his Graco the Arch bishop, Dr. Poking, to send to this part of tho diocese a second clergyman ; but tbe precise time of the reverend gentleman's arrival cannot bo dcOnitely fixed, owing, wo. understand, to the fact that the present Trcsbytory will not afford the necessary accommodation for two gentlemen. To obviatu this diffi culty, the. Very Rev. Dean O'Brien is making strenuous effort* to hnvo the Presbytery of tho proposed new Catholic Cbarch commenced as soon a* possible, or, at least, cimultaneqns with the Cbarcb. The present Church nnd Pres 'fayV-r-. will then be nrailable.asn school bouse anditeaclicr's residence. Indeed, so far as school nccomniudnlion, nnd Mr. Howard'*' comfort, fs- poneerncd, great alterations aro sadly needed. Jf we are hot . must iken, it iiibe intention of thn Local Dmird to effect «onic flight im nrovemenlt in the.«cbool-ronni : but. ns tho V«ry Rev. Dcnh O'urien lias re marked, it is useless to txpe.no1 11 1011. t upon .» Jiuilding (lonctsion of whkli niny ba demanded ot a very short notice; Menre Die great necessity of providing the mrnna lo enret the new Presbytery. We believ* we nro correct in ^sterling that ono. tender for the proposed new Cliorch hns born accepted, namely, that of Mr. Hannof'ird, of Urnii.Iwood, who is well and favorably known iu this district :n a cr.nl rnclor. PinTV Lank. — It is satisfactory to learn (.hat th' police, ore about to take sti-ps to cheek (lie nnnoyancoB occdFinned by a few nf Ibe clioice ppirile residing in tl'mt dolightfu) re) rent Inewn by tbo not o'lnhmiioti'tippeil ition of 'Dirty Lane.' ivimc -if tlic niotJt (li»;;rncefiil scenes that could be ennctrd in n small community like (his are nl times lo lie witnessed in tbnl fiink of immorality and filth. We have recently n.'on mann acquainted witn a few episodes in (he life of the denizens in tbe locality named, and, wo regret lo say il of mir township, that for gross im morality, fillli. and sq'mHdiiepB they vie nilb ihe purlieus nf largo cities. On Sunday last the domicile of one of those ix-oplo took fire, but, forlimatoly for tbo tim-Minding buildings, it wne toon ex tinguished iiilhniit miy innterinl (liimngo having been cflVcti;d. Sad to relate, (he inmatfl of (his linuto, Mr?. Rrodte, loy ill bed iu a nlntv of intoiicalion, nnd, had not tlic fire been discovered and put out in lime, Ibis iinforliinnte.womnn and her child would, probably, liavo been burnt to denlb. Tbe ownoio of thece jilaces 'ahonTd loot into the maltcr, fur if n fire was to Rain ground in (hchnnsos referred to. it would bs n vory diflio.nil mailer to Slay 1110 (lean notion 01 an imuien&o; amount of valuable property. Tne WfiA'fuicrt of Into has been very chnngeab 0 ; somo days extremely hot, others warm, and nt times quite agree able. It has, however, boon productive of much fiicknoss. On Saturday after noon n full of rain took place in Coomo, nud iiroved very biiiofifinl. On Sunday n violent bail storm occurred near Dan pelfing : wo were told by n resident of locality llint the hailstones woro un tifiial;y largo, lieinc, for the principal part, ns largo as pigeon's eggs. At Count-n-Guinea n heavy storm took plnco, nl«o, on Snndsy; it was, however, much wanted, nnd has caused an improve ment in the nppenranco of agricultural nnd pastoral luatterH in that locality. With (ho exception of tho upper (Sey mour) pail of the. district rain is much wanted, anil a few days of steady general rain would bo hailed wilb ilcligbtby nl. On Tuesday night, (hero were symptoms nf rain, and mibty showers fell, continu ing next day. The weather is damp, disagreeably mmildy, mid chilly. Fl'nkkai.. — On tbo aftornnon of Mon day last the remains of (he lato Robert Main, who was drowned wbiUt crossing llin Murruitihirfgpe River some time, ajro, were conveyed to their last resting place in tne om uniiioiic (Jemeiery. inc cartrgc consisted of n numerous body of the (iifnds of the )alc nnforluDalo youth and bis parents nnd rolntives. The brethren of the Loyal Victoria Lodge of Manaro, Urand United Ordor of OJd lellowf', followed the remains to tho grave as n mark of respect to the father of thn deceased, Mr. John Main, nnd Bympatby with (he bereaved mother nnd relatives. The Very Rev. Dean O'Brien read Ihe burial Beivico of (lm Roman Catholic Church. The recollection of thecircum slances attending the dontfa of the un furl unnlc youth seemed to creato an im pression on many who Blood mound the grave. ; several persons might have been Been giving vent to tears. Good News.— Dr. Francis L. Riley announces Hint he has commenced prac tice in Cuouia, and that ho ouiy be con sulted at lha Royal lintel. lie has n large and oxlensiro practioe before him, nnd our host wishes for his success. J-rom what we know, we do believe this gentleman will be fonnd reasonable in his professional fees by working men, who complain vory much of the charges recently prevailing. The people require a clever practitioner, nnd a married man : both these qualifications fricudi tell us arc possessed by Dr. Cilcy. ? A GnosT. — On a bright moonlight nielli this week, oyonrglady woe riding into Cooma, and somewhere in tho * !(.( Iff VJ W- L't i(.till(Jiil«^, 0(l-? *7Q jUt-l* U ghost, clad in the usual ghastly apparel of white; it was near the now burial ground. What first directed her at tention Vfn« a sonnd emitted by his or her ghost6hip, ' Oh 1' Attracted to the spot by n kind of fascination, she could not resist — her conrage is pretty big, too — she rode up to the spectre, and tried t« touch it with her whip, when it immediately disappeared. Such is the narrative unfolded earnestly by en esteemed lady acquaintance of ours. It is very gallant on the pnrt of ghosts to admire tho fair sex, but we fancy their weird endearments would require a full bump of ainntirencss to kindle the least Fj»arido of reciprocity. 'However, it is well thnt the bashful exclusive vvns want ing m the organ of self-conceit that is so ostentatiously paraded by the ' paper collar aristocracy.' PimKNoLOuy. — There Wan a good house on llondnv evening to henr Dr. Hope, and tbo public manipulations of heads was very amusing, cnusing in the great majority of cases ringing penis of laughter. Repealed plaudits interrupted the lecturer's humorous sketch of ' Cooma : its local celebrities and topics of interest.' .The 'paper-collar aris tocracy ' got it deservedly warm, as was testified by the company present, for assumption and cxclusivoneES. We will endeavor lo-give the lecture in »x tnmo nnt ist-.ne, as it may have the effect of leaching the young idea how to fulfil its social relations. We would snpgoct. that Dr. Hope give Jin afternoon performance for (ho benefit of the children of the schools in town, as. a good lesson can' be imparted to tbo young sters ; perhaps the teachers would feul it within their province, entrusted ns they are with pupils who are supplied in the great majority of cnscB by. business people and tradesmen, to deal the great Cuouia humbug of exclusircnces a honielbmsl. At the conclusion of the well-limed tkolch. tlic doctor intimi ted that lie would giyo n first class entar-. Uinniciit during. the sessious, and pre sent a silver v.lurerJ^Jlch to the heat head manipulated by him in public. -i -m — ' ? - ? ? ' ? ' Snake. — As Mr. J, linllvr was com ing to Connia from Milliigong on Mon day morning last, accoinfaniod by his son, lie encountered nn unnsnnlly large sprcitnen of Ihe oviparous (rihe. Tlic reptile lay in Ibu centre nf the road, banking in the tun, 'lid was not per ceived till the linrses' honfg were close upon it. Mr. Uutler, with nbitistauce, managed to despatch his snakesbip, which, upon measnrenionl, won found Ui bo six feet long, and, ah our informant soyn, 'ns thick us my 115111. Medical. — Our oJvmifing columns annonncc thnt anotber niodirnl pent e lnnii is about to commence practice in Cooma. We trust lliot bo, in turn, will not find it necessary to fi.llow tho example of l-is drpartrd prvdeccsaorr. Oaiuiieus. — Liioi mil, ns the Rival Ulidpe is proiioiiuceil to he. dniigernus for loaded teams ; tbe authorities have juit boon made, a ware of that fact. I'lAKDFMlTKii, Al'.-^It will lift BCOn by our advertising co'.uinns that Mr. T. H. Russell is once more in (Jooinn, nnd, as bis skill in tnninir nml rop»iiiii(f the above )« ncknoivU'.igcd, wo liopc he will meet with the snececs lie deserves. Insoi.vekcv. — Tbo Ihird iiipeling in the insolvent esUle of Eilwnrd Rynn, of Connia, storekeeper, h appninted (o bo held in tho Court Room, King- street, Sydney, at 1 1 o'clock on Friday, 27th Novembi;rtlf.'r.tl.e. proof r.f. debts, to vo. cffvc'lfie repnrlW llin Official As»*giieo as to (iio condition of the esUle, iVc. .lANOAiiV VI nn.t ]!! is Used lor me Bcga races. A balance of £h lls. 9d. was reported (o the credit nf the Jockey Club, nnd several snhfcriplionn due from lost year, if paid, will give some £'2Q to start with this yenr. It was then decided lo mako tho Maiden Plato £60. second horse to receive .£10 ; open to all hornet that uever won moro than £10. A new item, under the name ' Rega Clip,' will uttrjet good hor«es, and 11 crowd of spectators. 'The Cup' is for £100, second horse to receive £20 ; two miles. —IScpa Gazette. Uo'jibala Jocebv Ci.i'n.— The follow ing is a brief outline of the vnrions events :— Maiden Plaid of 50 bovs., 1| mile. Publicans' Purse of 30 sovs., for all bor«e», 2 miles. Taltersall's Cup of 100 sovs., r it'll (I swnep of 5 |-OV6. to go to the sccoml horse, 2 milex. Hurdle Rnco of 30 sovs., with n eweop of 8 sovs. each, 2 miles, over six leaps. For the second day : Trial Slakes of 40 sovs., with a t weep of 2 bovs., f «f » mile. Town Plato ol ftO sovs., with a sweep of 3 snvs.. 2^ miles. Sqnaltcre' Purso of 30 sovs., for nil horses bred iu (ho electoral district of Manaro, 11 mile Consolation Slnkes of l!i sors., nnd Forced Handienp of 20 boys, each 1 mill). It was decided that the jockeys' Qualification lie done nwav with. The price for publicans' booths nil! bo £10. Cokdition.'.i, PiT.cHAsrs. — Tbo fol lowing conditional purchases nero tumlo at the Lnnd Office on Thursday lasi : — William Ki'slcrton, 40 acres, parish of Cathcart ; .1. Joseph, 40 acres, parish of Gulgin; Amelia Morton, 40 ncres, same parisn ; D. Joseph, 40 acres, samo parish; Joseph ilorton, 40 acres, snmo parish. Roceiiits for this week, £306.— Bomhala Times. 