VISIT OP THE MOST REV. DR. VAUGHAN. On Friday afternoon, the Most Reverend Dr. Vaughan, Roman Catholic Coadjutor- Archbishop of Sydney, attended by several other prelates and clergy, arrived in Newcastle by the Kembla, and waa welcomed by the Roman Catholic Clergy and a num- ber of gentlemen there. At half-past twelve on Saturday the party left New- castle, and on arriving at East Maitland alighted from the train. A procession was formed, headed by the earring-' containing the Archbishop. The procession included many hundred persons, and some idea may he gathered of its length by persons who know the localities, when we say that the first carriage had reached the Victoria Bridge when the horsemen of the procession were still coming round the corner where the Bank of Australasia stands. The cavalcade proceeded at a good pace through East and West Maitland, and on arriving at the dihedral the party entered that edifice, which was crowded by ladies and gentlemen. Large crowds were also collected in file streets, and in Charles street, close to the Cathedral, there were grouped the little girls attending the Nuns' school, who knelt as the Archbishop passed, and received his benediction. The party consisted of His Grace the Archbishop, Dr. Lannigan, Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. ü'Mahon3', Bishop of Armidale, Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, Dr. Forrest, and Fathers Dillon, Byan, Hand, Cregan, Corcoran, Matthews, M'Grath, and Ford. The following address was read by Mr. R. Hyndes : To the Most Reverend Roger Bede Vaughan, Archbishop ot Nazianzns, and Coadjutor-Archbishop of Sydney, and to the Right Rev. Dre. Lannigan and O'ainhony, Lords Bishops of Goulburn and Armidale. M»y it pleape your Grace,-We. the Catholics of Maitland, have great pleasure in wishing you a cordial and hearty wel- come on this your first visit to the Hunter Uiver district. Sinco >our afrival in Sydney, we have looked forward to the day when it would be our privilege to convey to you our expression of welcome, and our admiration of the fertility of intellect and Hie abundance of knowledge, which you bring to extend our Holy Church in this land. The feelings of reverence which we entertain for your Grace's exalted station and profound erudi- tion, are mingled with deep and heartfelt thankfulness ; tor to-day you come to give us your aid and influence towards a cause which vue. as Catholics, have deeply at heart. Knowing your Grace's seal for the promotion of a religious education, we are sure you will be gratified to hear that the Catholics of Maitland Appreciate it so highly, that they have not hesitated to incur the large expenditure of £1500, rather than send their children to the Public schools that are being erected, here and elsewhere, at the expense of the public-consequently of Catholics : and this solely because these Publio schools are conducted so as to discard the benign influence of religion and the legitimate authority ol God's church and His priesthood. Your Grace has been pleased to come amongst us to bein ns to clear off the debt on the new schools, and thus aid us in our struggle in the cause of justice and truth. For this w6 most sincerely lind heartily thank you; and as these sohools are the lirst you have opened since your appointment as Rector of St. John's College, wa trust that in the future they Will send students to St. John's, which we are sure will, under the fostering care of your Grace, become a distinguished and well-patronueä seat of learning. We regard ß as of supreme importance that our children should receive a religious educa- tion in our primary schools. Ko matter how politicians may reason, nb matter now plausible their Arguments, or bow con- scientious their convictions, ive as Catholics cannot accept a secular education without endangering onr faith-for a highe* than human authority tellB us. that " faith comes by heating," and, that " without faith it is impossible to please God." Can we, then, jeopardize the salvation of onr Uttfe ones by denying to them that knowledge which comes "by hearing," and which is essential to tneir eternal welfare ? No ; we never can and never shall. And we take this opportunity to assure yon, that it will be our endeavour to make our children avail themselves of the advantages offered them in these schools, as well as in the other institutions with which the zeal ol our be- loved Bishop has provided us. We desire also to mention, and we do so with the authority ot our Bishop, that whenever It may please your Grace to visit this district again, we will gladly contribute bhr mite to any object for the advancement of religion and God's honour and glory which at the time may be engaging your Grace's* atten- tion As to you, my Lords, BiBhops of Goulburn and Armidale although this Is not the first time you have honoured us with s visit, wé desire to express our deep gratitude lor the favour you have conferred upon us by your presence on this im portant occasion, and io convey io you the expression of our admiration for the apostolic zeal and wisdom which have characterized your career in the dioceses " over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishop* to rule the Church of God." i Humbly begging your Grace's benedicUon and yours most Reverend Fathers in God, we pray that the Giver of every good gift may ever have yju in His keeping, grant you length of days, and bless your efforts on behalt of religion in New South Wales. (Signed ou behalf of the Catholics of Maitland.) W. T. MITCHELL ROBERT HYNDES RICHARD EWENS JAKES H'LOUGHLIH KlYRAK CHENWAN. Dr. VAUGHAN said he was most grateful to the j Bishop of Maitland for the manner in which he had asked him to come to his diocese, and he thanked the people heartily for the noble reception he had met with that day, Of course, such a reception was not only from the people but from the Bishop, and it was an expression of respect, not only to him (Di. Vaughan) as an individual, but an expression of loyalty and affection to the hierarchical order of the Catholic Church. Tt was a sign of that union ead bond which was established wherever the Church was established under the guidance and rule ol bishops, whom the people obeyed to the saving of their souls. The demonstration of that day was a great and hearty demonstration ; and it was a ma.ter of immense consolation to him, because he bad hat been long in this country. It gave him the assur- ance that in this country wefe to be found the same affection, the same unity, and the same Catholic charity which were manifested at home; or, rather, that they were found here manifested in a more telling manner. Ile thanked them heartily for the reception j he thanked them in the nama of Almighty God. They had referred principally in their beautiful address to the absorbing topic tit Education. He knew the interest, the deep interest that their bishop took, in the para- mount question of Education. Ile knew that froto the large sums of money that had been expended in build- ing schools they most all take ati immense inte- rest in the cause of Education ; and he was sure they all saw clearly the great necessity for sacrificing themselves, if lie might use such a term, or at all events for pouring out lavishly the gifts God had given them, to establish, confirm, and consolidate His church in this young and growing country. He could assure them that he felt an equal interest with their JBishop in the cause o£ Education ; he had thought very seriously over the present state of education in this country, of the future that is in store for us. Very often we were able to direct our steps more surely by looking at the distant future rather than at the present, and he would there- fore give them some thoughts which had occurred to him about the future of education in this country, so that they might understand how they should deal with it in the present. He would introduce what ho had to say by a comparison. When some years ago he isas on the coast of Spain, he saw a lighthouse. It was a strong and massive structure, and an old man lived in it. It was built upon the solid rock, dovetailed, as it were, into the living rock. The lighthouse sent out its beams far aud wide out to sea, so that distant mariners, seeing it, might know where they were and where it was. Below this lighthouse there was a large piece of alluvial soil, which stretched out into the sea. As the soil came nearer to the sea, it got sandy and less productive, and at last it ended in quicksands. Upon this piece of land many men had built small houses. The old man had sons, and his sons built houses on the piece of land. They cultivated the ground, they kept sheep and cattle, and lived peacefully there. But ttitr-Tjid Tnim, wiro liad observed the Btate of things, told them that the ground was not safe-that there were signs that it was very gradually giving way. " In the course of time," he said, " this piece of land, with all its houses and sheep and cattle, will be submerged in the sea. Be careful! You are not rich, and can- not easily get other land ; but bs careful lest the land you are now cultivating slips out of sight." It so happened that the old man's sons did take heed, and one day, seeiDg that the landslip was greater than usual, they moved their goods and chattels to the ledge of the rock, and there bnilt them huts, safely founded upon the rock. After a time the piece of land did slip away, and was submerged in the sea. Where it had extended there was nothing to be seen out an expanse of water. Now, man was out of his element in water. They could easily imagine that unless be was able to make his way to a rock he would perish. Now the fact which he saw more or less realised on the coast of Spain, presented before before them very clearly the position in which edu- cation was found in the present flay. The tendency of thiugsin the present day-to those who look not only at the tendgncy of the things in Australia, but to the general current and tendency of things in Europe,-was towards infidelity. Public opinion was grad ually advancing, as certainly ¡as a tide, to com- plete unbelief. Some portions of what were called the class of advanced thinkers believe in nothing but themselves. They had lost sight of Christ and God and revelation, and would accept nothing but thai which they could see and handle,-they called in question everything else. These people were on the quicksands 4 others had not gone quite so far: and at last there were the Catholics, resting safe as upon a rock. The tendency of the age was towards the sea \ of infidelity. There was a gradual sinking of educa- tion into tue sea of infidelity, and if only the advance ' was continued as it was going on, the firm land where j men inhabited would sink in-a storm, all thoughts ! of God and Christ and the meaning of the cross of j Christ would disappear, and there would be one ex- . panse of level unbelief. Hen would sink into the | depths of misery.into utter despair of findingnothing . better, holier, or mroe pure than base humanity, j Their hearts would ie unliftedto God, unaffected by those spiritual agencies which turn men into some- thing better than he is by nature. The Catholics had a lighthouse-the Roman Catholic Church-built, upon a rook. It ssnt its rays far out to taa, and ; many a man, looking at that light, found himself ' directed and guided ; casting his eyes on that benign j light, he was led to safety. The old man in the light-, house was the Church's Euler- He had allowed ( men to build their Iiuts on the land, although [ it was not secure ; bat lie had warned his sons j of the imperfection of education, he had told j them tbey were not building upon the-iock, and that i the quicksands yawned for them. But those who nad , built their huts and made their homes npon the piece ¡ of land menaced with destruction, would they at j once^ink ipto the sea ? There were those who gave themselves up to secularism, What were the two great points in which all Christians nelieve ? The j inBpirationofthe-Bibte, and the Divinity of our Lord i and Saviour Jesus Christ. But let secular education ' prevail, and Christ be kept out of the schools, and the Bible be put on one aide ; the .privtte judg- ; ment of man^ 'seeing Christ' denied where be should ne taught, would refuse eventually to accept Christ -at all, would «ay that he did not exist. Let -the 'Catholic Church therefore do the most she coultäUo-make the best of her posi- tion. The danger-was that Protestantism-the good in Protestantism, the belief in' the -Divinity of our Blessed Lord, and the manifestation -of -many' high and nobb moral virtues, ano; a good many noble and enlightened beliefs, would be gradually corrupted and remoicd, aud there would be a dead level of secular- ism leading to results he hardly liked to anticipate. When this happened, Churcn of England Protestants and Nonconformist*, sinking ih the gulf, would loot to the rock, and swim for help. The Catholics would gladly reach out a hand and save them from the sea which threatened thom with destruction. Depend upon it, the tendency of the present age was to unbelief, and there was only one thing cheering in the prospect-the Lighthouse, the Church of Almighty God, that church which was founded pighteen bun- di ed j ears ago, and which was now endowed with Sa much activity and power of expirnsron as tn die most glorious times of the «ges of faith. The Catholic people clung to their rock, and saw others in danger of being carried away by the tide. They warned them of their danger, they urged them io throw away everything, and placo themselves on the rock. The Catholics of Maitland had done the same thing,-they had given freely to build upon the solid rock a noble monument of Catholic belief and Catholic enerEy, a magnificent Cathedral of Catholic education. In those edifices they would give those whom they loved not only the best education re- quired to advance their worldly prospects, but the best possible education to make them truly Christian men and women. Their children from their earlier childhood would drink in God's love; the very first beats of their hearts would be those of affection to Christ Crucified; from the time of their birth they would be saturated and submersed in the Spirit of the Catholic religion as taught in their school ; they would be thoroughly Catholic in the manner of their education, and would become noble, strong, valiant, powerful, pure-minded, high-minded, energetic men and women, shedding the love of God upon all with whom they came in contact. That waa what the Catholics desired and expected-to AU their children with the bread of Ufa and the cup of salvation. It was a great con- solation to him, and a groat delight, to find the Catholics of Maitland building their houses upon the rock. They had commenced: other communities would have to do it later. They had built the Catholic schools wheie the bread of life would be put into the mouths of the little children; they would be able to feel that from the be¿iüning of their career their children would be impressed with the highest arid noblest virtues that could be stamped on the heart of man. They would be taught to live holy and pure Uves. They would receive every day deeper and deeper impressions of the love of the Saviour, of the importance of truth, of the necessity of honesty, of the advantage of energy,-in fact all that know- ledge which can only come fiom persons themselves filled with the love of Christ, and the spirit of the ? highest and noblest religion. It Was not possible for n mother to realise that fact to her heart, and not in her quiet momenta to thank God that such oppor- tunities were given her children to leam the love ] and fear of God, and be strengthened against the in- fluence Of passion, the blindness of pride, and all the manifold difficulties and temptations of this life. Ho could not imagine a man who would not be over- powered with gratitude for the knowledge that his children had a harbour of refuge, a home of security ; and were being fitted to become capable soldiers, bright Warriors, when they were surrounded by the trials of evory-day life. He congratulated them in what they had gained for themselves ; he rejoiced ' with them, he prayed with them. He be- lieved that their school would be an argu- ; ment so strong against the advancing wave of infidelity that all men would eventually say , that it is a good thing that men should be brought ¡ up in this way, that it is a good thing to bring Jesus Christ into the heart of the little children, it is a good thing to fill a child with the love of God, a good thing to teach him to hate the pride of life, and those qualities which carry a man away from the elevated life of the highest and most powerful elements of Christianity, and leave him a mere clever animal, filled with passions which must eventually conquer him. It is a good thing, they wouldsay, that instead of deliver- ing a man up in his crude manhood to a doom which was fearful to contemplate-a freedom worse than the freedom of the savage-he should be taught to be humble, loving, chaste, honest, zealous, full of activity in the cause of God, and looking forward to the blessed life of Heaven. Mea would repent hav- ing placed their cbi'dren in jeopardy, when they found them spurning the Word of God, denying all that was good, and turning thair backs on all that was commendable and desirable, they would thank the Catholic Church for the stand she had taken. He was sorry for those who were lead- ing the world astr.iy ; he believed thoy were acting honestly in the belief that Becular education was best for humanity, but he knew the current was a poisonous one, and he was determined to do all in his power to stem it. He thanked the Catholics of Maitland for the school which they bad built, and for the gtand generosity and noble spirit which, not- withstanding their comparative poverty, had im- pelled them to raise such a noble sum of money to advance the cause of education. The Right Rev. Dr. LANAGAN and the Bight Rev. Dr. O'MAHONY also expressed their thanks for the reception which had been accorded to the party ; and after the new school had been inspected, the party proceeded to the Bishop'B residence on Campbell's Hill. On Sunday, high mass was Celebrated in St. John's Cathedral, West Maitland, the Right Rev. the Bishop of Armidale being the celebrant. There wâs a large congregation, including many members of other denominations, who were very courteously accomo* dated with seats. At the close of the services, the Most Rev. the Archbishop preachnd an eloquent sermon from Luke l8, portions of the 7th and 8th verses, in which, in view of the circumstances shadowed forth in his speech of Saturday, and of the advattcing tide of infidelity, he urged the value aud efficacy Ot pïayer as a weapon to stem the current which he averred was setting against religion. A collection Was made at the close of the serinoh, in aid of the Catholic school, now being erected, in Free Church- street, Weet Maitland, and nearly ¿E100O was subscribed-the greater portion being paid at once by the subscribers. Yesterday forenoon, Dr. Vaughan, accompanied by the Bishop of Maitland, the Bishops of Goulburn and Armidale, several of the clergy, and Mr. Duncan, visited the Maitland Hospital. They were met on the verandah of the Institution by the committee, and a number of Maitland gentlemen, and on behalf of the committee, Mr. James Smits, P.M., welcomed his Grace to the institution, impressing »hope that that would not be his last visit. Dr. Vaughan re- plied, thanking the committee for their reception of him, and remarking upon the Vitality of charity which he had seen exhibited since his arrival in this country-a Charity which kneto fto distinction of sect or class. He was glad, with the other Bishops, to recognize in that institution tho manifestation of such a charity, for their office and duty was to encourage and inculcate good feeling between man and man. Mr. B. Lee, junior, who was present, assured his Grace that since its foundation, the institution had'been managed on entirely unsectarian principles ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Murray added a few words, giving his experience of the management of the Hospital, in corroboration of what Mr. Lee had said. The party was then conducted through the wards by Dr. R. J. Pierce, the medical officer of tho institution, and, wè need not say, found everything in its vranal cleanly and well or- dered condition. There are no great number of patients at present in the hospital, and We saw nothing especial to reniark upon, except an improve- ment made in painting the walls x>f some uf the wards. They have been -colored * pale canary color above, and blue below, atd tfie effect is to give a cheerfulness to the room, which plain white walls want. The Archbishop and the Visitors inscribed their names in the visitors' book, and contributed liberally to the fever ward fund, for which, it may be said again, ¿1250 has been voted by Parliament, condi- tionally upon £1250 being raised by private contri- bution. After this, the party left the hospital, and expressed themselves glad at having paid the visit, and at finding everything so well managed._ 