MEETING OF THE TWADDLEDIDI ._._r\\.__ THE last meeting of the above ulcérons body was held in the ,Council of Wisdom, Gossiper Street. Present-The President, (Kitty M'Cloud Cad Esq.,) and Councillors Turnhim, V read the %oi ^asèè^t^he last meeting. Some correspondencias read on the follow- ing subject >-r J$&¡ - ~ C * ' Tn%fb$May-to ^fet^îiô^Wonf^he cheap ; an impr$vf$ tnetlad'of tOTrtfpttp^ and perse- cution; how ito harrass a tanner; and thc relative merits of softer and drunkly Mare's. Councillor ^Turnhim'axed a]queftion about something that nobody could tell him. Councillor |Primenose complained that he and hts brother committeemen had Ito eat all the dirt. iHe did'nt mind doing «|his share, but they wanted him to swallow. the whole He prayed for relief, and was certain if relief waa »ot soon granted he would shortly give up the ghost, as he had nearly ee.t thejpeck of dirt deputed to ail mortals of the sneak gender. The President told the hon. member to shut up, he was always -putting his ojirin whero it was not wanted. The recording Scribe said, as how sum cove had slung him a cheque and then stopped the Treasury froui paying, hi wanted to know whether any ono would cash it. He was told that Councillor Tyke was fond of cashing the Patriarch Moses' bad cheques, would he oblige in this case ? Councillor Tyke deprecated this, where was the shout per shent to come from. The Patriarch was of his breed, this Gentile was an uncircumcised infidel. The President said, that he would put the thing to rights, he had a pettifogging lawyer as would appear in the case for a " nobbler" which would soon upset the other fellows applecart. Any amount of reports were brought up and laid under the table, to be used as pipe lights which was all they were fit for. Councillor Deacon moved that everybody and his wife shall henceforth pay nsthing to nobody for anything they get. Councillor Gossiper-Here, here. Councillor Moustache did'nt qnite agree with the proposal, but for the sake of argu ment he would two the motion. Councillor Tyke wished to know what right any one had to get any one's dough for noth- ing, where was the interest to come from. Suppose any one wanted him to give them a loaf of bread do you think he'd do it? No ; ¡ he scorned the imputation; he belonging to Í harington not to givington. I Councillor Deacon did not think the hon. ! member was a "gal" of that sort, and his greatest euemy could not accuse him pf it. If that apology was enough be could accept it, if not he could take a carrot. Councillor Tvke was not a vegetarian, and would accept the apology in preference to taking a carrot. He was a lover of salt horse. Councillor Primenose understood that it was intended to call a public meeting. He believed in that course because he was good at public ceremonies, and was always on the hunt for subjects to cm-body in them. Besides they always look well with black drapery. The President then facetiously informed the Council that he was going to make a good thing out of this affair. He would not let the thing come off if the Government did'nt give him a lot of " rhino," why should he ? was lie that public spirited man that he would for once do a good turn for the good of the country ? not he ! oh ! no I Did'nt they wish they may catch him doing the spoony busi- ness. Councillor Turnhini why you are a spoon, and so it will be proved. Why the presidential stable is on the public road, and they will pell that down and give you nothing to boot. The remarks of the President BO upset the understandings of the Councillors, that it was proposed they should adjourn and do a pint of soldiers glory. 