LIJE OF ANTHONY BRADY, THE CENTENARIAN. BY an OLD COLONIST. There are some people to whom Revelation itself is a lie; and for the benefit of these folk, I propose telling the story of Anthony Brady's life, learned' from th old man himself. It may be uiged that the question of the truth of the story is in no degree settled by the fact that it was told by the man himself; but I think that, allowing a broad mark for exaggeration, it will be seen that the narrative is bo consistent and so absolutely agreeable to the records of history, that it may lie reasonably accepted as truth, even'by those sccptical persons who will not admit that the duration of human life ever exceeds the regular three-score aad ten, at which we are told the sand runs out. Anthony Brady was born in August, 1764, at a place called Blackline, in the county Cavan, Ireland. His father- was a r farmer, and he himself followed that occupation up to his twenty-seventh year. About this time he formed a connection with a young girl, the daughter of a neighbour— an Orangeman—and it ended by his seducing her. The father's indignation was .of course aggravated by the circumstance that his daughter's betrayer was a Roman Catholic; and, on the other hand, Brady's family objected" to his marriage with She girl, on account of her religion. Bigotry was then a sterner fact than it is even now; and those who are read in the history of the times will have little difficulty in understanding that tie wrong done to the "Orangemen's daughter was tenfold a wrongin the eyes of her people, in that her seducer was a Catholic. Brady's people were more than, suspected of being connected with' the White Boys. One morning as young Anthony, his father, mother, and uncle, sat at breakfast, a party of yeomanry rode up, and, without parley or explanation, tilted up a cart, and proceeded to-hang the father" and uncle, after which they sliced off their heads. Brady narrated that the last he ever saw of his mother was as she gathered the heads of her husband and brother inio. her apron. He himself was then 6trung up, and. the. yeomanry, fortunately for him, foregoing the operation of beheading, then rode away. Brady lost consciousness, and remembered nothing more, until he discovered himself in the house of his sweetheart's father. The old man. who had witnessed the outrage, had cut him down, and carried him to his house; so soon as Brady recovered, a clergyman was sent for, and he married the. young man to the Orangeman's daughter. This connection served to protect Brady from tbe vengeance of those whom he used to call "the Yeos," but it no wise diminished his desire fi r vengeance upon them. He has recorded that he sever let an opportunity pass of disposing of a yeoman; and that he sent more tff those doughty gentlemen to their long account than he could, well remember. It was indeed natural, that he should regard those people with undying based; and Brady was a man who could bate well. Soon after his marriage he started a still. He paid the fees to the guager of the district, who, however, was aa Orangeman, and Brady's foe.- This person from whom Brady had received no receipt informed the authorities that be was conducting an unlicensed still; and Brady one fine morning discovered that his old enemies the yeonianry had descended upon his stall, and destroyed ajconsiderable amount of property Go*nscions of the injustice of this attack, he armed his men and succeeded in beating off the soldiers, the sergeant in command of. whom however, having informed him that it was under the information of the guager that they had acted,' Brady,, a man of violent temper, swore be would shoot the guager, and did «o in the market place , of Catrickfergus; first, however, offering to fight the man in duel. . , . This pflence, of course, compelled Anthony to hide, and he now sought refuge amidst the Wicklow mountains; sleeping by day, and abroad at night; for, as he himself said,, '-indie day the twitter of a birfl would waken me." He lived in a cave, with other outlaw^ ; one of whom, in order to secure a pardon for himself, betrayed him. " It -was one fine mornin,'" said Brady, thst I came out of the cave on me hands an' knees; and shore I see the yeos all around.' * Come out Cock av the North,' says thev. * Divil a bit av me,' says I; an' I crawls hack agin into the cave. With that they gets bushes and sets fire to 'em, an*.smokes me out, and then they tuk me to Carrickfergus gaol.'' f Tried before. Lord Norbniy, he was sentenced to death, but the interest of his Orange friends was powerful enough , to obtain a commutation of his sentence to im- He was on the scaffold, and the white cap was drawn over his fice when the intdJigence came, iand lie said that he was sorry that it had come. He was now kept in gaol nntil a vessel bailed from England for Botany Bay. The gaolor was an Oraneenian, r.ud B'ady tells how this man tannted and worried him as he lav therein irons, and powerless. _ u ft I could have caught him by roe throat," said the old man, "I would have torn him iimb fiom limb, and I swore that if an; of bis seed tier came aooss me I'd v have tJidr life." '' ^ Well, Btady was sent to Botany Bay. Arrived bere be was assigned to a man, named Lynii, residing on the "Bod^ After this be .became giaire-digger- at tbe old cemeterr, where tie Town Hall now stands, and it was here that an incident, oc- -un^'which will show in the narrative, Shat Uusman irasflfft WUdandfieree pj^gjeged 'j^^'inbwl-.Mnso ^t-alivayslBB accompanimen 1 otsaish a character. " One day," said Brady, " I saw a prisoner* runnin'into the graveyard. He'd boltedfrom a load gang, 'and" he jumped intfif rave that I d been diggin', f went ujf jtoi f im, and who d'ye think he was ? He wasj the son of the thief av a gaolor as had tormented me in Carrickfei-gus gaol. I called him out. He was tremblin' like a leaf; an' I took him to my hut. Said I, 'do ye know who 1 am.' Said he, 'no.' ' Well,' said I, 'my name's Anthony Brady —the Cock av the the North; and'more be token, you an* your father jeered an' tormented me in gaol, and I swore an oath that if ever any av .your blood came into my hands, I'd tear him to pieces.' With thai he turned as white as a ghost, and made to go; but I stopped him. ' Now,' said T, ' that oath was made, when rage was over me, and I <Ion,t bold it as bindin.' Don't shake man, I'll give ye good for evil; stop e here an' welcome. An' 1 gave, him victuals an' drink, and helped him away to Twofold Bay, where he joined and American whaler." Brady used to tell this story with some pride. .* ..-.'v*. A French fleet having called into this port-, several "of those prisoners who desired: 10 attend mass were permitted to go on board the vessel on which it was celebrated,- and Brady with some others contrived to make his escape in -one of the frigates.. Landed at Brest, he was carried to Ireland in a fishing smack, aud at once joined those who were in secret rebellion, His presence bccamc known tu the autlionries and he was eagerly sought for. 'fired of this unsettled lite, he communicated with his wife, telling her to sell off bis form and with him pass over-to-America. Ho appointed to meet, her at a certain house; she met him, and as she received his ki.-s. a number of armed men rushed from an adjoining room; he was thrown down and handcuffed, and carried off, to gaol. His wife, who during her husband's absence at Botany Bay, hed formad another connection, had betrayed him. Tried again before Lord Korbury, Brady was sentenced to Botany Bay for the second time. He added tfiat the pleasant addendum of a recommendation to the authorities, here to hang him jsrhen he arrived, was tackcd on to his sentence; hut, we must accept this statement with a grain of salt. At any rate he was not liantred and his services during a gale of=wind which. befel the vessel in which he was sent out. were so valuable that, on arrival, instead of hanging him, the Governor 'appointed him; aratekeeper at the barracks at the top of King-strest. • _ When Father Tberry arrived here, he'appointed Brady gravedigger at the Devonshire-street graveyard; and-he filled tliis situation fur many years. His narrow escape from being burnt when St. Mary's was destroyed will be remembered by all. It formed a fitting incident in ihe life of a man whose career had been -omr of danger and hardship, and into whose fife—l,?ng as it las led—there were crowded -^adventures by. field and €ood,--sufficient to"-.supply.a Dumas or a- Scott with the tiaterial for a dozen romances. * . Of-the man s age .there can be do bonot. His -memory of trifling particolars^of his early youth, aud of cireurastmces of rti period, was too accurate to have been derived from' tradition or Teailimr. He was iu ths prime oFlite-at Yinepw- Hill ivhere.be used his pike rarely; aud there are-those now here, themselves very old men, who recollect old - Anthony when he .first arrived in the colony as heiti^ iheu. middle aged. But as I have said, there are some people who will not believe; however string the proof, and .ihese. ]teople will of course pboVpooti my fctury as an invention. . If it be, its hero was the author .—Sydney Freematit Journal. 