If ladies did ever read tbe records of the Di vorce Com t, one might reasonably assume that in tbe late case of Terry v. Terry, they would find food for reflection. The story as related in conrt conveys at least a warning to those . of the fur sex who bare a weakness for spirita; but a still more emphatic one to those who' object to their .hnsbands holding any communication , with visitants from another world. Accepting Mrs. Terry's evidence « reliable, the existence of the . very imaginative husband and more practical wife~Wa hafdljr tme which qnifetly constituted people would care about. Spiritists, when ?xritad, have a very fleshly, .but rather objectionable wayof flinging fcboot «oW water, and, occasionally, their Siu. Mo n aoper stitioas people than Mrs. Terry would doubtless object to doctrines, the frnth of which was -enforced by impromptu hydro pathic treatment from a dipper. Nor does the orthodoxy of a belief in circuit) ambient ghosts appear to be greaily strengthened by judiciously administered blacit eyes to sceptics. The latter treatment would only cause average humanity to see sparks instead of spirits ; and as to the former, it certaiuly is not clear that supernatural perceptions are quickened by a cold in the head. Bat the fist and the dipper are apparently not the only objections which Mr. Terry raised egaiu6t his wife. A fatal oue existed in tbe person of a Miss Elizabeth Collins, a young lady possessing a ta6te for magnetism and lollies &6 administered by Mr. Terry. Mis. Terry asserts that her husband bad a playful babit of locking himself sn-l Miss Collins in the 6hop together, a practice which the wife characterised as ' not very nice.' As, however, Mr. Terry stated in bis evidence that his spouse was very jealous, it was probably only an excess of this feeling which caused her to see barm in the proceed ing. Nevertheless she protested, and suggested to him the propriety of giving up the fair lover of galvanism and Fweetsluff ; but Mr. Terry is credited with having declined to do so, at least, ' all at once.' So tbe services of his father-in-law were called into requisition, and the unhappy Terry probably j for a second time in his existence, was cross exauiined as to his 'intentions.' The cross-examiner was somewhat harsh and decidedly practical ; lie insinttated that bis son-in- law had a tendency to the errors of isolotnon, nnd that the Yarra Bend Asylum was much more suitable to him than domestic dualism. The result of the interview being thus unsatisfactory, the strong artn of the law w;-6 asked to tear asunder those whom ' God IiaiI juined,' but neither of whom apparently cared particularly about the con junction. Thus it is that the domestic sorrows of the Terrys come before the eyes of the world, and Miss Collins' proclivities for bullseyes and batteries are rothlessiy ex posed to the vulgar gaze. It is probably well for Mr. Terry that his wife did not share his spiritist notions; however UDpleasant the difference of opinion may have proved to the lady. If she had been a weak-minded enthusiast in the belief, they would doubtless have held complacent converse with every relative they had for the past half-dozen generations, and, consequently, long ere this have reached the haven which Mr. Terry's father-in-law suggested. But the matri monial existence under such circumstances would have had a pleasant side. With a sympathetic spouse, Mr. Terry might have magnetised any number of feminine followers ofMesmer, and ransacked lolly-shops with a devotion that would have passed unquestioned. Tbe locking of a door would have been con sidered a matter of but little moment ; for, even were it possible for suspicion to enter the mind of so congenial a wife, were not the spirits at her beck and call, and coul'l not she at any moment despatch through the key hole a prudent old spirit who would play propriety during the interview which the husband was holding with any buxom seeker after self-reliance ?' It is pretty clear that men cannot be prevented from falling into spiritism, or women into love, any more than any other insanity, confirmed or temporary, can be prevented ; nor can the fact of a hus band holding to spiritist tenets— if the principles of so shadowy a belief can be so termed — be a sufficient cause to annul a marriage. Possibly no more ill-assorLed match than that of a fanatic dreamer with aiiy woman above his mental capacity could possibly be made. The certainty of his attempting to convert her to his belief may be calculated upon. If he succeed, there is another fool in the world to bring up a family in ignorance, and assist in the dis semination of a hallucination which fills our lunatic asylums sooner than any other. If he fail, the^relations between the parties will be of the usual unhappy character. 