GHOSTS. "In that pleasing world, of shadows, where the weary cart their care," In those dreamyhannla of slumber, which all drowsy mortal share ; .On otdi of down,' ; on coucn ot straw, within iron cribs or curtained post a, ' Where're.we sleep 'tis nature's law, that round oar . heads dance countless ghosts. Ghosts, ghosts, fearful ghosix, Countless hosts ol Woadroas ghosts. In the active world of being — in the busy scenes of life, ' Sound the haunts of grasping commerce, in the realms of social strife, . In counting house, in shop, in street, around our hearth v, where're we go; Where're is Efe, where mortals meet, are crowds of life cma cannot knowl. , life; lifet.fearfallife,: Changeless life, unfading life: In the leafy shades of forest— in ike deep and ri- lent glen, < . On the surface of the waters—in the paths untrod by men. Bound booses, towers, near graves arid mills, be side the streams and stagnant pools," - Where're is space all nature fills with ghosts that frighten faithless fools. Ghosts, ghosts, horrid ghosts; Fniiie-s troops of powerful ghosts. ATI the boundless realms of nature; all the vast ..material space, .. . Is the ghostly sphere of bang, is Hie active spirits place; . .... ... "Where in thousands busy roving, ghosts and spirits ceaseless roam, - "Where in counties thousands moving life eternal has its home. . .. .. . : Ghoets, ghosts, coantless.ghasts. Souls of men exists as ghosts. . Ye who live and work in matter, ye who dwell as life on earth, . : learn to love the spmia round you, they were once of earthly birth, .. They'll not injure nor molest you, they watch over you and me, ; , They -are ordered to befriend us, to support ns till we be : , v Ghosts, ghosts, spirit ghosts, . Chain! ess powers, eternal ghosts. A correejiondedt Has forwarded to the Argos the following extract from ibe Manx Sod of the 2nd May, 1874. It is, thought to refer to the fishing smack which was ran down by, tha Oakworib; on her voyage out from Liverpikfi Loss of tile fishing lug ger Olive, of flasslecoen.— -Tbia boat has not bean heard of sin tie the . 22 ad March, when she was engaged id fishing off Kinsale. It is supposed that she was run down bj a pass ing vessel, and it is now almost certain that she has been lost, and that the crew, consist ing of seven men aml a boy; have perished. The vicars of Arboiy, Malewj and Bhshen, will be thankful to . receiye any subscrip tions for the relief of the above cases.'. "Tht Brihjrn, Young, advi'nced jn fife as be it, liaf ui> idea lhat. hu race is nearly, run is ettabliihfd," the San Frjuicisco Bulletin thinks, " by.ibe effu.Tta tba.t be is msking.to .extend the \- new Ordtr of Enoch, i .-.The.. Order, of .Enoch is the most ri ;id form of Fourieriem that has yet been devised. The people, in , flection', elect trustees in whom they convey all ibeir property. 5»ut only (Ilia, .but they piece themselves nuder the order of these, trustees to labour as, they may direcr. ,Of course, as sboh as this system bc- conies g< neypl 's central bpgrd pjf .trusfees will be fbunjd to take charse.'qf kfie whole, thine ; or, in other, words; "the MPr mpn luer'arehy. There ap pears to be. but power for (lieAlormp.n .prophet,... He meatCnd a. Scriptural, name for any scheme Inat he "pro poser. Tnifl . Uoue, no matter how.wifd or out- rageous-it maybe, success is asiured. To, this . new iofin of s»cialism Brigham -Young lias at tached tlip iiauie of .the O/per of Enoch. - So far as there is any appro'p'risfeness in the deslgoa- ' ti.on,'he.inight, ft seems to us, have called it tho Or'der-of . Joseph, or. Methuselah, . .But there is a starfiiigriep.ispp connected with the name whicll ho . has chosen. .. Eiioch was translated to Heaven .iu; a chariot, pf Dre, To givb tliis tre- ineuduua fact apiioeUencsa, Btlghain now states that not only was fSopeli'catigfil up on that occa sion, bill, the whu'le of .the city in which he re- -sid_ed.1;,;I7otj.e of tho sqrmona.of, the Mormon chief priest in eplanalion.of the new order have reached us, hut 'tjie presuhi'ptioii is that the so cialism which he iiow a'dVbcates prevailed in this .'city (Wfaicli;- with its 'profit,, weotto Ju-aven with out passing the p-irials of ;deatli.. But however Jbjipay be, Brigbam Young lias manifested a great dejl of worldly wisdom in (he system which he lift?, .adopted .for, preaching pp his new, order. , ' Ha,cp)nmenc(.d pn.iho circumference. Ho went fiyat.ito . the; ends of Utah, where, as.he appears hUtseldom, ho. is. regarded as little less than God hiinself.;. Some bow or ether, trben a man pre- ehnlfl himself in a black Ifrockcoat and ordinary crayat 'daily, it is hard. to keep upan unqueation- iV, iii-belisf in his divinity. The Order of Enoob! \\\\\ was .roepivejl in these outlying parts with raptur-l nilB-CFlpliuflj).. _-The_rural sain Is fairly rushed to' Bonvey away their property. . With tbfs gathered' power Brigliani has rqturped to Sal Lake City. jAs a consequence, the Order of Enoch ispro- reraiu(j.,ihere,,no,iT.. . If he had ; corn menced at hiit :pO(nt, lio probably feould have'mode a fail- urb.of 'fboholbfiuiiitiesd." ... . ' ri Aii eccentric old fellow,, who lived bcaide a jgiavo-yard, was asked if itwas not an uhpleaflint Jocation. "iNo," said he, "I never. lived iii ahy plnoe with sopeaceable a set of neighbours, or that minded their own business so steadily." 