. ON BABIJBS . 4NO LAItilUKS * fiBsattl fsifa Wmjjft J)itpfUek.J W* are not aware whethet' the writer who aasumee the near. L& plttm of Em«anurl * JKiok Ie an Amnrioan or not, but -are. die- - posed, to guess froin the wfjdenlts of hi^book thatheisnot,AUbougbhahas;sw)«eedediu pradwifi a wluattf oomio which would «s»dit to4be i-eet of-traiisstiaA}i« humorist*,. Oaf i chief reason fo* Mfesviag bim to be ii daaipen.of ths UMitad JBUugdosa is tbst though his /an is geaaiae, *(.ia-aiH-- gether tree from the ssusslesi prplsni^ which chars cterisas -the gsetlemsa ^sho jrf late-yeara nave sprang sp tn tM«tp.tt make laughter f«r all nations. The singula* title jchoeen msy ba very siinply axplaiaed. Ha traats of peopla nd JsMimwa former bs. chooses to osll balnea; ^be lattsr laddsrs, bscauss they.are saaaaa to.an wad ; and be vwy Xairiy suggests lo^faUt readM tbat if the titis Js nMjwwMii4.h,h0*{g - yay . te pasts a scssp bt psper na»r ;«t.aml . ra ohristiw tbe votamfe «oeoid«as to in*'* hsiy, . The sksfriiSs am Oally ^uSfy, in lwiae osses, ^deliciebfc \Fer iaatguse, .a ' Anwih Oa llarriags proeeed* u fol \- I ^ . Ksni«|8 is an old cnatom vltiob, like killing rata, l-«(nin »bBD people wets i^Mffsnt, snd ha* atook to them even to this day. Moo are tnnrrt-wi to two kind* of things, idttk and women. XJbm are the ooepound T-or« ourroiioy, the North-mat Pasnaife, Tegetable diet, and national debt, old china, ?nd -jMieut Oorktturens. Women are girls, And vtiraea aod matrons and governesses Aad heroioea sod maiden annta aod widows and »pioaUirB and 4»lae stoekings and maids \- and flirts and prndes. There is also another \- ' ki* * m'M TOother*. in-law or ghouls. . Women lira ohiefly in drawing-rooms, .sunertw, tiaope, and kitsheas. Tbey are ; tno«Hy -low people, and no men of any . respeotaWiiiry aaeooiate with them. I have vritu-n nbiMit them before, and as I am not BOP writing fle'oral history or a description ' Of till the oth^r kinds of serpents and insects, -.. .1 trill not- say anything more about them. Xf women must be written abont, a second, p' class man must be got to do it. I only write about what 1 choose. . Idei* *n- k»pt in the heads of members 1 of parliamont, and men who have got sun and ineu who can't chew, and : Jawysrs, and dukes who have got gout and money, and men who want to get up com \- pnuies. Ideas- are sometimes better than property, for they enable men to live without working or paying inoome-tax. Sometimes, however, tbey are more expensive to keep \- than a pack of honnde or a ship of war. When you talk to a man about an idea which he has married, he gets red in tbe f»ee, throw* hi* arms wildly about bim and commences mnking a speech. If a man gets vnry violent' about an idea to which he ie \- married, his friends look him up in a spare room, and feed him with bread and water through the key-hole, and ask . the lord rhancllnr to act as agent for bis property. This makes the man so savage that he tries ; to ots'i himself with rolted-up copies of C»nii-! journals. I once saw a man who was married to the jdpa of makinK tbe whole world happy by giving a taudnm to every Working man. He w«tS' Very rlah, and bad made presents of \- forty tandem* when his people put bim into ? tlie room. At the time I went to see bim, he was silting nn a shelf in the back kitchen and had all the doily papers twisted up into ? a rein, and waa trying to drive an office stool ' up the chimney. Hb complained to me that (ume of the papers were strong enough to bold in hie hnr-« when it attempted to shy ' or run rwrv. X anked him if he had tried the D*ily Telegraph. He said yes, but the moment be put the Daily Telegraph near hia horae th« aoimil commenced kicking and plunging tn such a degree that he hid to call the whole b-iusehold to his assistance. Iu former times men married a whole lot of women, hut aa they beoame more en lightened, they gradually lessened tbe number, until now, in civilised countries, men never marry, more than one. A man onoe told me, that in those days every one \- had mich an immense family, that no woman ' could tell her moiber from her father's other wive*, and coriHpqu«ntly, there was no dangnr from . moihera-in-law ! Io many bnrhamua cuntriee, suoh ae Germany, and the Oitnnihal Island*, and Turkey, men even still marry more than one woman ; but as my eeeays are igoing to be translated next \- yjisr into the languages of all these countries, ? and as the inhabitants will then bo able to improve their mind*, and beootne rational beings, the custom will disappear from the earth. ? \\\ hen men havs been married for eome time, a lot of small creatures, with rattles ?nd hone-rings in their hands, ^ begin to . crftsp about the house, and fsll into water ings, and burn tbeijr hair at the kitchen fire, and drink boiling water out of the k«Hle on tha hob, and ewallotf . brass nails, and put soap into Che tea-cups. After a little while these beooms children, in whioh ? unhappy state they eat electuary for break i fast, and wooden skewers and potatoes fried \- in caster oil for dinner, and jam spread over : rhubarb powder for tea. They swallow two -. fourpenny-pieoes a week, _ and fall out of a Window two or throe times eaoh month. They tumble down the kitchen stairs, and lie nt the bottom In the dark, until the man with the coals stumbles over them. They gat their teeth knocked out against window \- sills and one another's foreheads. They are introduced by their nurses to every ghost that is small «nongh to nome down tbe chimney. They are put under sofas, or out on the leads, like flower-pots, when anyone -vi»it» the' house. Their skin is scraped off four or five times a day with fine wire gauee \- and !yelh»w eosp. A matt ' once told me that the reason the ! people prefer having children in their bouses . to dogs or Cits or zebra* is because jou can ?mttaa younrif by making a child unhappy . all day long, but « beast is only miserable .when it is suffering fro® cold, hunger, or a beating* . An em»y 0-i Married Han is also worth .quilting in lull: — . _ «, Hurried -men are. very common. They , nay be found in great -numbers in any large .?assembly,: and even in. the pttblio streets. ! T ey are known by; having aad looks, bad ffo't.— , »«id iiriui-le -empers. I onoe knew ot,6 who had * good jtemper, bnt his wife -Was dead! M*Tf»«d. men always know the -prices of potaioep and ^ ooal. They are generally red in the fao e, and don't wear m lustnchea. 'Thny ws fond of dining at their trieirta' htnis^s, and like tnustard and onioai They iiave wives either living or odea^. T*ie living wlveaeometimes aump on ithe floor, ind »om«timea cry : an elderly gentleman tolduiBtbia. Some married men have ta iot of children. 1 know one who has Uuitniw &e; io«Ver goea home until ? ton O'olnok jst night. He^ kioka dog* when he ' Sterta them, and veads the daaoriptions «f Vjuaider* ia the papera. Ha 'borrowed half r|i ativTsWiifn frtun tnt never paid U back; 'fie bas«o w-ldt; »irrtM « heavy stiok, and MMfddtelt ea 'ttiepav«ment whea he walka. \- I htN beard 'ltim tea language. He \- (-i|AM MtoivbM hasa^nwomanbsating ilMM bf 1 lutk;writt ? H- siM if .teet'iirsae'^rsedlf x ^ At «nothar time I aaw ^bim bmy a pataBp^ortfaadfnaljAur, * petwiy ?-**rih*®f ;crs«w-o'**ai*ar,.»Bd two fenny.;; . *t^ of t*aaeU.r Ha ^t Jttam- all -Sato » boUM. s Ha Wtee ^iia Vaila, 4od sa -Shwiks^lliMssMwtiH Jlartiad men nswwr ?Wi^fart^^^r#ft- jiiiiyie^^tt ;|fcny.. \- -%*r'«*»«isa:!'fl^nn of^e» ajtnk www, . - r ? . '* . ^ ? ? V*;-. ? -? ' ' \ ?? : . .r , emigrating, and afterwards sending for their I families. One of them onoe told me that he h«_d giVen hostages to , fortune, but Idido'fc believe him. I' once heard a mm aay that he was fond of his family, bnt at the time he ' was in a lunatio asylum, and his keeper told me hi had never been married. M-tn generally marry when they are | young and hsve no experience in the world. I The moment thsy are married they get into a carriage with their brides and drive to a railway-station, and go off to Kiiiarney or to { Paris for a month. You eee, they are so much ashamed of their folly that they can not endure the raillery of their friends. When they come baok, all their spare money is spent, and peopls pity them so much that they say nothi ig to them, only ask them to dinner. Three months after they are mar ried they go out, clad iu wsterproofs, for long walks of bad nights, if they have no place hut their homes to go to. After they are a year married they never get any sleep of j nights, for they have to sit up iu top ooats and rock the baby. This makes them wish thetr were dead. Also their mother-iu-law makes them wish they were dead, and wants 4 present of a ehawl every month. I knew a very amiable and inoffensive man who be came left-handed from rocking the cradle ' with his left hand. He afterwards died from I jaundice. Married men generally take a month's ! holiday iu the summer; they send their families to the seaside and stay at home themselves. This costs a great deal, of money, but they oould not live without some reoreation. I beard one of them make three jokes during such a month. At this time they sometimes call you ' old boy,'' when they, offer you snuff. During the whole of this time they never oomb their hair, but live ia a state of great comfort. Tbey stand smiling at street corners, give pence to beg gars, and shake hands with everyone that passes that they know. Fortunately for my own comfort and for the welfare of mankiod I have been gifted with great powers of refleolioo. I mean to reflect a little on the matter of married men. Marriage is an evil whioh must be endured, like the adulteration of milk. But oertain non-essential evils should be put down by law. It is the imperative duty of the legis lature to lessen when possible the sufferings of the subject. At present I shall specify only one means of abating the wrongs en dured hy married men — namely, mothersin law. I would have an act passed called tbe ' Mother-in-law Act : being an Act for the Abating of the Nuisance of Motbersin Law.' The substance of it Bhould be that any married male rated occupier should bave it iu his power to declare an outlawry against his own mother-in-law, or against the mother-in-law of any other rated or un rnted occupior, and that such outlawry should empower such rated oooupier to expel orcHuee to be expelled from his house or castle any mother-in-law found therein or thereabout, prowling or lying in wait, with or without felonious intent upon his happi ness; and, furthermore, I would hsve a cluune inserted in this act to the following effect, that is to say, — ' Tbat the maTried occupier aforesaid shall have it in law aod equity in bis power aod at his option, in the event of resistance on the part of any suoh mother- in-law, to throw, pitch, heave, cast, lob, jerk, or shy any teapot, cup, saucer, spoon, or other not deadly artiole iu domestic use at the offender, without being subject to any aotion, criminal or civil, for the same.' I would not have the benefit bf this aot ex tended to lodgers, beoause they are a low lot, and dry clothes on lines out of windows. But, alas! how can we hope that suoh a measure will pass through parliament ? The majority of its members da. not feel the grievance, as they are mostly old men with elderly wives, and nearly all their mothers in-law are dead ! My publisher has jost told me that in London taverns and restaurants ' motherin law ''is the nsrne given to ale when it is ordered to be drawn ' old and bitter,*' . But who would eo far forget himself as to believe a publisher ? Subjects of all sorts are treated in the same pleasantly-absurd fashion, from boat races to boards of guardiaus; and altogether we do not remember for many a year a book out of which an ordinary being can ensure a greater amount of hearty laughter. 