THE NOMINATION ros The Upper Hunter. (íhwi our oten Reporter.) On Wednesday last, on hustings at the court, house, Scone, the nomination of candidates for the representation of the electorate of the Upper Hunter electorate in the new Parliament took place at noon, There was a large attendance of electors. The RETTONIN<I OFFICER, Mr. W. Little, opened the proceedings by reminding the electors of the occasion for which they were met, and requesting for ail speakers a fair and impartial hearing. He read the advertisement convening the meeting, and the writ of election, and called upon the proposer of Dr. Gordon Mr. WILLIAM NICHOLL nominated Mr. William Henry Gordon. [An ELECTOS. : A poor chance he'll l have.-ANOTHER : Let him retire. Uproar.] 1 Mr. Ross seconded the nomination. [An ELECTOS: I Just beg on bim to withdraw, and also Mr. Smart.] I Mr. JOHN BLACK proposed Mr. John Walter Smart. [An ELECTOS: Beg on him to withdraw, [ and noise.] Mr. ROBERT HARDV seconded the proposition. Mr. Thomas Hungerford was nominated by Mr. FRANCIS O'NEILL. (Cheers.) The nomination was seconded by Mr. WILLIAM GARDINER. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT came forward to propose Mr. Francis White, but was received with a storm of uproar. Eventually he obtained a hearing, and proposed his candidate in the face of some inter- ruptions. Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL seconded the nomination. Mr. Joseph Palmer Abbott was proposed by Mr. ROSE. (Uproar.) Mr. GEOHOE LONSDALE appeared to secohd the proposition. (Renewed uproar.) He was found not to be an elector, and he retired. The nomination was not accepted. No other candidates were nominated, and the Re turning-officer called upon Dr. Gordon to speak. Dr. GORDON referred to the time, sixteen years ago, when he had first stood before them in s similar capacity. He was not aware that he had done any- thing to forfeit their confidence since then. During that time he had not kept his ears or his eyes olosed to the movements of the political world, or to matters connected with the electorate. [A VOIOE: Who wrote to the Maitland Mercury about cremation P Laugh- ter and interruption.] He would answer questions when ha had finished his speech. [Interruption. A VOICE. : You might as well have stopped at home.] Mr. F. WHITE: Give Dr. Gordon a fair hearing. Dr. GORDON, resuming: During the past sixteen years he had lent a helping band in every good work, and had been the prime mover in many. In view of that fact, he believed that in a more ex- tended sphere of usefulness, he could be of greater assistance to them. On this, as on former occasions, he had endeavoured to treat candidates and their supporters with the greatest courtesy, and he would scarcely have alluded to that, bad others let him alone on this occasion. But he had been stigmatised and vilified by squib3 in the Mercury which had emanated from the lowest of scribblers, and even tia female members of his family had not esoaped his unmanly and beastly malice. ("Shame," and ''hear, hear.'') He had as much right as anyone to seek their suffrages, and he hoped they would return the best man. (Interruption.) In the last contest between Mr. James White and Dr. Creed, he had been accused of saying that Mr. White had boasted that he could return a blackfellow. [Noise and interruption. Mr. WHITE: I never said so.] He had been accused of writing that squib. He had done no suob. thing. They were called upon to perform an important duty. [A VOICE: Weall know that.] That duty required their utmost thought and con- sideration. They might^end in a man incompetent to make good laws, and so entail misery upon them upon themselves and their families. [A VOICE: Well done, doctor.] He was surprised to see how soon the supporter of one of the candidates had changed nia political creed. [A VOICE: The colony is changing, and continued interruption.] He would keep them there all night if they would not hear | him. IA. VOICE : Ia that politics ?] The KSTTJRMNG-OBJFICEB : I must ask you to give Dr. Gordon a hearing. An ELECTOR : Ton ought to know better than to abuse your neighbours. Dr. GORDON resuming: It had been said that he was always a dummy candidate- that he never went to the poll. He had always gone to the poll, except at the fast election, and then be retired because he saw he, had no chance, and thought Dr. Creed was the bettej man to represent them. It was said he was, an adventurer-what he called a swindler. B ut he was an adventurer that had stopped in the town eighteen years. Such charges, were merely political dodgery. [A VOICE: Let us know how you are going to educate our children, if we return you; never mind that.J He thought rioh men were already well represented. [VOICES : We want you at Murrurundi. Tou'd better return there. Touwon'tget a show.] There were forty-five men in the last Par liament who were landed proprietors, and the masses of the people, the farmer and the free-selector, were not represented They should subscribe, if necessaiy, to pay a person to represent them He hoped that eventually this would con-e about They had the decision in their liando «nd would return the best mau, if there was nn\ one bettei than him, take that man [A VOICE Go back to Murrurundi, we want some pills ] If he went back, be should remain there, and not ask any of them to keep him There were soma matters demanding attention [A VOICE Well, now let us hear 3 ou ] No doubt the Electoral Act would be amended It was a tremendous shame that that important electorate should only return one member I" like you ] Tbey might get worse He would endeavour to ßetthe Act amended, he was in favor of an elective Upper House, he would sup- port the extension of lailwajs north, south, and west, «0 as to open up the 1 ich lands everj wherein thecolony and give selectors a means of reaching market with their produce Another thing he would amend the arrangement by which travellers and consigners of goods had to pay more on the railway above Singleton than below it He would abolish tolls, but impose a wheel tai on the vehicles, carnages, and buggies of the rich [An ELECTOR Your own, doctor?] Tes, his own He would use his best endeavour to get reserves for teamsters to camp upon He was in favor of the preBent Public Schools Act, which had done inca'culable benefit to the rising generation of the colony (" So say I ") He would not disturb its operation, and it would be a crying evil to abolish the beautiful Denominational schools which had been erected (Hear, hear ) The Land Bill which that large-hearted man John Robertson-[Interruption A VOICE He did it to make himself Noise ]-was one of the most patriotic measures ever passed [A VOICE He was a great sufferer himself by it ANOTHER VOICF He did it to make himself when he went bung up for thirty thousand ] But for that Act numbers who had settled on the lands would have been wanderers, gipsies Now there were 98 000 genuine free selectors [A VOICE How many dummies P Noise ] What had these free selectors done P Be- tween I860 and 1865 all the gram used in the colony had been imported Now the selectors grew enough for the colony, and were able to export wheat [A VOICE les, we ought to export every- thing and put a duty on everything coming in ] In a few years those free selectors would be the yeoman class of the colony No doubt the Act required amendment Mr Robertson intended to induce farmers from the old country to come out to settle as agriculturists But had not the free selectors been harrassed, annoyed, persecuted P [Tes "J Had not people taken up miles and miles of country, wherever they could get it, to keep free selection back [Noise Cries of "Tes," and "That is White "j He dared to say many more had done so besides Mr White But it was not intended that tint should be so He would allow a selector to take up 640 acres, that would put a man m a state of affluence [A VOICE Oh, that is too much ] It was said that selectors dummy as well as squatters But who did it to the greatest extentp [Noise Cries of " White ' and " Squatters "] They must re- member that dummy ism caused perjury [A VOICE What about Liverpool Plains dummy ism9] That was more than he knew But he thought the large landed proprietors were not the best men to legislate for the people, although he had nothing personally against the two squatters who were before them He had come forward m re- sponse to a requisition, he had no intention of seeking a Government appointment indeed he was too old to enter the Civil service, being over sixty years of age He had means to keep himself, and an earnest of his interest m the electorate in the shape of a wife and children He had been eighteen yeirs among them, taking part m all public move- ments, and he ctuld not be such a bad man They would exercise their choice, however, and select the best man If thej elected him, he would never miss a night in the Assembly (Cheers and Uproar ) Mr SMART was sure-[A VOICE below the hust tings What is your name p VOICES " Slow " "Silence ' "We don't know bim' Much Noise] -that as a stranger they would give him such a hearing, and extend such courtesy as they would receive if thej came to Sydney [The ELECTOR below the hustings, confidentially What is your namep] Smart [Voices Tou are too Smart Noise and laughter ] He asked a patient and quiet hearing He had received great kindness and consideration during his canvass of tbe electorate and he was sure they would continue that kindne«s then He had not come as an intruder, but on the invitation of a large bod\ of free selectors [Noise VOICES , "Who are thej -"' " Dummies ?"] He did not intend to ask a single elector for his vote He intended te-[A VOICE How much do you charge to allow a man to sleep in a paddock ? Will you give us three monthB ?] With regard to that blackguard paragraph, he said again as he had said before, that if any tlector or any man could prove that one iota of it was true, he would give £500 to be distributed among their local chanties [A VOICE Why didn't you contradict it?] He had contra- dicted it as far as he thought necessary [A VOICE Why, it's a scandalous libel upon him ] But what could he do when candidates hired low vagabonds to vilify him, and make charges which were false, and which the wnter knew nothing about [Mr KETS Tou are making a charge now that you cannot prove-a charge that you know nothing about ] It was clear that the man had been em- ployed (Hear, hear ) He would now come to the questions of the day He was there to explain his views to the electois of the Upner Hunter [Voices m confusion " Tou might as well have stopped at home ' " Tou should have tried where you were known " " Tou won't get the ghost of a vote "] He would come to a question that interested them all - the present standing of the Land Act [ VOICES That's the style, we will hear something smart about it now] When he received an invitation to come forward, from the Free Selectors' Association at Muswellbrook, there was no local man m the field [A VOICE We have a local man] He bad come for that reason, he knew there would be a local man, b at having invited him, they should give bim a fair and impartial hearing When he received the invitation, he received also a set of resolutions from the Associa- tion, some of which he agieed with, and others he was opposed to, because they could not possibly be passed into law With reference to the prohibition of auction sales, except m the case of town or subur- ban lands, ha was in favor of the American system, and that the Government should sur- vey blocks of one, two, or three thousand acres, and leave them open to free selection for five or seven years, after whioh the land not taken up should be open to purchase. The chances were that at the end of that ti us no good 1 IL d would be left [A VOICE O, you want to make a reserve for the poor with the rest ] He would apply the future interest payable, to the reliction of the principal due on selection", but he would not make the arrangement retrospective, because that would be unfair to selectors who had paid for their land. He agreed that n list of forfeited selections should be exposed at every land office, and he thought that one residence should be considered a compliance with the residence condition, m case of several bonaflde selections by members of one family, adjoining each other-the law had never contemplated the scatter- ing of families He thought the law should allow the taking up by one family of 1200 or 1400 acres, and permit one residence to be sufficient. Excess In value of improvements on one selection should be credited to others made by the same selector, because it was not easy to gut improvements of the vilue of 20a on all le was opposed to the further issue of volunteer land-orders He would have the area to be selected increased to 640 acres, and allow three times the area to be taken up as a grazing right He would have the improvements reduced to 10a an acre-[" No, no "]-as they could not make improvements of £1 per acre on land taken up for grazing purposes [A VOICE Raise it to 30s ] Ten shillings was quite enough ¡ " No, no ' J He agreed that it was neces- sary to abolish the preemptive nghts on the old grants As to education, he was in favour of the present Act being carried out m its integrity, with some slight modifications. He was m favour of public schools being built entirely at the expense of the State, and of the payment of the salaries of teachers entirely norn the State fund, and not at all by fees By that means there would be no distinction known m the school between the free and the paying children He thought the present arrangements for teaching religion by clergymen were sufficient, and that m other respects the educa- tion should be national and seoular He would never agree to the introduction of the compulsory system, because he believed that the desire of parents to, give their children a good education would effect all that a compulsory clause could do He was in favour of an elective Upper House, and of the Elec- toral Act Amendment Bill, by whioh tbey would have two members It had been said that he was not a local candidate. But m his idea, a local member was one who had time to give for the benefit of his constituents [A VOICE He knows what 13 wanted.] He was a man who could afford to be near these at of Government, Whether the House was sitting or not Mr. Nelson, who was not a resident of Orange, had got half a million for his constituents-["for railroads"]-for loads and bridges Mr Browne, the member for Patricks Plains, resided m Sydney. [A VOICE Why, he lives m Singleton He was bom there, and be will die there Confusion and laughter ] If they did him the honor to elect him-[" no chance"] they would have no cause of complaint It they rejected him, and the Electoral Bill was passed, he would come to them a^ain He was a young man, he could afford to represent them, as a native, he had an interest m the country, and he had no sinister motives m coming forward. An ELECTOR Would you classify the land "> Mr SMART I would classify the land as far as appraisement goes m the settled and the unsettled distncts, but no1 for the free-selectors. I In answer to other questions Mr. SMART said that he bad not proposed the Parkes bunch in Syd- ney , that he was m favor of making roads to free selections, and of devoting a portion of the land revenue to railway construction in the intenor Also, that he would endeavour to have part of the revenue devoted to the conservation of water, that he was m favor of cheap railways and would support i the Parkes administration Mr HUNGERFORD waareceived with cheers He came before them for the first time as a candidate for their votes, with perfect confidence He was not going to ask for their votes on the BBme ground as Mr Gordon or Mr. Smart They all knew the value of their votes, and the obligation upon them to vote according to their con- sciences. The power to do so and the faith- ful excercise of that power were the vary pith and marrow, the soul and smew, of the British constitu- tion He said this because m his canvass he had heard people say they were pledged. [A VOICE I am not pledged to any body.] He thought every one who came before them as a candidate waa bound to give some proof of his claims upon them They ought not t> recognise any claims of friendship or relationship But select the best man. The views he held, he would endeavour to carry out, and if they did not agree with his views, they had therefore better not vote for him (Cheers ) There were two questions now agitating the public mind-the land question and the education question He assured them he was not a Leaguer. He was not sent out by the League He would show by his views that he was not He had been a supporter of the Public Schools Act, both by assistance and approval, and he did not desire to see its principles altered But he did not believe that the State should teach the creeds of the different denominations m the. schools At present all creeds were tolerated m the schools It should not do tbat no more-for one man bad one ? opinion and one another, and the State could not teach them all Was the school the only place where religious instruction could be given, and did anj one believe that a child up to thirteen years of age learned all the religion that he could ? What were churches and clergymen for but to teach religion-to teach children what they were and what they ought to be, the nature of God, His love, His mercy, His beneficence9 [A VOICE YOU will have one of these clergy men commencing an action upon you for taking the trade out of their hands Laughter] He would not support compulsorj education [ Would you build schools for them ] Yes, he would do that, but it would be absurd to compel children to come into the schools Neither would he support free education, for at present the people were willing to paj. The persons who have been making a noise about education were more intolerant than those whom they blamed, it was they who had put another stone on the ugly temple of intolerance With reference to the land question the speaker entered with some detail into the history of land occupation in this colon}, and deduced from his statements the conclusion that under the present system of pre emptive leases, and leases for five j ears, the public estate or interest in the Crown lands was equivalent to five per cent upon one shilling an acre The question was, therefore Can the country do better with these lands? He thought it could If they were to increase the area of the land to be taken up, so that the settler could have enough to live upon, population would come to the colony from all parts of the world, and popu- lation meant wealth and progress At près nt the jield from the leased land was only five per cent upon one shilling per aere, and tbe free selector had to pay forty shillings per acre-20s for the land, and 20s for improvements And improve ments were a mere farce It would be better to say Take the land at a fair value, take enough, and not more than enough We want the whole countr} taken up fA VOICF What is a man to do who has no money to take any up?] Wait a momemt The public had a right in the lands now It was not fair and just that one man should hold three or four or five hundred thousand acres, while another person could not get forty acres They said squatters could not legislate for them But the man who bad secured for them the political libeity they enjoyed that day was a squatter Wentworth was a squatter He had again to say to them, if they did not agree with his views, they must not send him in, foi he should endeavour to carr} them out It was better to have a large population than none On all these lands on the coast districts produce could be grown sufficient to feed the people m the interior, who in then turn would grow beef and mutton to exchange for it Thus an internal trade wojld grow up that would promote prosperity If the land was kept as it is now, they would be doing what they could not approve Although the system might suit him at piesent, he saw that if he desired to benefit his children, some change was needful Although be was a squatter, he had larger views than they gave him credit for, he sought the pros- perity of the country, and the prosperity of his children But he would scorn to ask for his child en advantages which he would not be willing to give to others. He thought they ought to have larger areas, he did not say how much-the Legislature would fix that He said,-Give a man enougl) [A VOICF YOU can never have enough ] He would put down dummy îsm, and believed that the system of grazing rights was unsatisfactory, and alwa}8 put the selector into hot water He would prefer to see a good title given for the same area, instead of the grazing right The effect of dummj ism now, as it seemed to him, was the same as if a man sold a horse to another and cut off its legs-(cheers)-land was sold but the pur- chaser could be squeezed out of it That was the law-[A VOICP It is the law ]-a man could put a dummy at the back of the selector, and a volun- teer land order in the front of him,-it had been done-[VOICES Yes]-but he had never done it [VOICES Will you prevent it?] Yes, if he could, for dumm} ism was the bane of the countr} They wanted population, with wealth and prosperity in its wake Mr White would tell them that he wouta attempt to put down dummysim-was he sincere f [A VOICE He is what they call a land shark ] Would he emasculate a system that pioduced such fair daughters as land ordeis, aud such sons as dummies f [Mr FITZ GERAI/D I have seen you with a land order, and you told me that it cost you £150 Noise and in- terruption ] He had purchased a land order, but he had not used it where it could injure an} body (¡Noise ) The dumm}ism wanted amending, but was a mau who dummied, a man who should go into the House to amend the law p As to the pie-emptive leases, they were not the result of the law, but of an amngenient arrived at from expediency He denied that because Mr White was a more eloquent speaker, he was the better for that reason, and assured them that he desired an amendment of the land law on the principle of doing to others as we wish to be done by Mr HUNGERFORD said in reply to questions that he considered 500 or 600 acres enough tor a selection, the price should be 20s or 10s per acre, and the im provements 10s , sales by auction should not be dis- continued, but if a rich man bought at 20s, the selector should not be asked to pay £2 He would make roads from the proceeds of land eales In the interior a man should be allowed to select enough to live upon-say 16,000 acres, but the Legislature would fix that He would reduce the price of back lands-lands on the Barwon, the Culgoa, and the Narran-to os per acre, he would extend railwa}s into the interior, and reserve from auction every alternate mile along the route. He would assist im migration, and add to reserves Mr WHITE, who was received with con- tinued cheering, Baid that auch a reception on qouraged bim He felt diffidence at all I times m addressing a public meeting, but he I experienced double diffidence that day, because he 1 was before them m the position of a candidate But the highest motives of patriotism justified bim m taking that position Every candidate should be actuated by the same motives, and he appealed to those among them who had known him from b13 hoyhcod vthether they did not believe bim when he stated that such were his motives [No, no "j He asked those who knew him from bis childhood Every candidate should speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth [A VOICE SO help you, God, and laughter ] He had come de- termined to do so The truth had carried him through all sorts of difficulties It had changed op »onents to supporters [A VOICE Many a poor man you put on his legs after shooting his horse Laughter and noise ] He could answer that many a pool man he had helped upon his legs, that was a true bill Those who were of the opposition saw that they had him as it were at their command He saw before him men-selec- tors on his runs [' Dummies ] and be appealed to them whether he was not speaking the truth [A VOICE Who are theyp Let us hear now ] He came forward wishing to assist in making laws for the benefit of the electors of himself, and of the whole country He had no other object If any one of tbe candidates previously in the field had represented the views of the majority, he wouid never have come forward [A VOICE What pre- sumption'] That was his belief, and the ballot box would show whether he was right or not he wonld abide by that decision [A VOICE Oh, be bas got no vote ] He bad not supposed that there was anyone in the field representing the views of the majority of the electors He had de- sired to avoid personalities, and he should not have opposed Mr Hungerford if Mr Hungerford were possessed of political principle [A VOICE He is a better-'ooking man, and laughter ] He might be a better-looking man The first point was that Mr Hungerford, who now said he was a supporter of the Public Schools Act, had said not a month ago to him, and in the presence of others, that he was m favor of the League (3Soise ) He had just come down the country then, and he did not know how the cat jumped Mr HtrsoEHPOHi) I deny it Mr FBAMÏ WHITE He said that they (Mr. White and the others) were wrong in supporting the Act, and that a change was wanted How could they have any confidence m Mr Hungerford when he denied that such a conversation took place [A VOICE Where is your proof of that ?] The speaker made an allusion to a matter in which Mr Hungerford had acted as a magistrate at Merriwa in. such a way as to punish persons who were charged with trespassing on a road which they had used for forty years, and argued that tbat being so, Mr Hungerford had no claims upon them for opening roads Mr Hungerford interjected now, and had explained before, that because there was no road the bench had jurisdiction, and had punished Kefernng to the squibs in the newspapers, he (Mr White) assured them be bad authorised none, and had endeavoured to get his friends to prevent the thing [A VOICE Who paid Thatcher ?] At the previous election Mr Thatcher had been the strong opponent of the Whites So was Mr Abbott. (' Yes ") Since that time he had cut Mr Thatcher whenever he met him, no fnends of his were in communication with Mr Thatcher [Hear, bear A VOICE Some one was ] Mr Thatcher was, however, a reasonable man, and saw, as they would see, that he (Mr White) was the right man m the right place [Uproar J He came there to offer them his services, it was for them to say whether they considered him the best man Let them vote according to their consciences, and put the matt in whom they considered best able to make laws for this countr} [VOICES Not you It wont be Mi White ï<ot you Hell make laws for himself ] He should go in thoroughly independent (Laughter ) He had no peroonal object to gain, but to do good for his native country [A VOICF I pity your case Laughter ] The first question waa the cause of the dissolution of Parlament If he had been in the House he shonld have voted for Mr Combes'motion, because he considered the Governor's minute an interference with the free action of the people va petitioning He would not go m as a tbick and thm Supporter of the Government; he would support them only when their measures were good; he would never assist in carrying what in his opinion were bad measures. He had never spoken to Mr. Parkes; he knew only Mr. Lloyd out of the Minis- try. [Mr. CLENDINING : And Farnell, who sends his spies all through the country?] He regarded the Electoral Bul, which was passing through the House when it was dissolved, an instalment of something good. They were interested in the , hill ; it gave them two members. Although it was not a perfect measure, it was a step in the right direction, and he hoped it would be brought forward again, and car- ried with perhaps some slight amendments. He was decidedly in favour of an elective Upper House, such a change was necessary to ensure the harmo- nious working of both Houses, but the election need not be on the same franchise. [A VOICE : If it was, White would not be there.] Perhaps there might be larger electorates. The change would come. [A VOICE : It will never be in your time or mine.] On the question of education, most of tbem lamented the agitation which had been caused. It had been quite unnecessary. Those moderate men were right who were willing to allow the Act to continue. He agreed that there should be a larger vote for education, and the erection of schools entirely at the cost of the State. [A VOICE : The League has done that good.} They ali knew his. views, on tbe education questicn, and had confidence in him. He was in favor of no revolutionary measure. (Coeers.) It would only cause heart-burning and ill- will, and while he was in favor of some slight amendment in the Act, he would resist any attempt to abolish out Denominational schools. The land question was the most important one that would be Brought before the elector», Ia 1881, when Mr. Bobertson had passed the land acts, he gave a number of small holdings [A VpiCB. Against your wish] He was a thorough advocate for free selection [Uproar, and a VOICE That cannot be ] There was no doubt that the provisions of the Act had been in a great measure abused. [A VOICE Well you know it J He would do away with these abuses m the working of the Act, not only among the large propnetors, but among all others [Mr CLENDININO James waa to do it, we all know what he done Up- roar] There wera great abuses in the max* rag of the Act He had already given his views at his meetings, and would not detain them now. He would slightly increase the area to be selected, Dut not to 16,000 acres that would be dangerous. (Hear, bear, and uproar ) No doubt tt would suit nu book, because he could probably take up two or three such blocks, but it would not be for the best interest of the country (Hear hear, and renewed now» ) He would never advocate such an increase, a very small increase would satisfy the requirements of it)» small settlers-say 1,200acres [^VOICES "Such M a poor man could take " " That is such as Mr. Cobb could take up when he comes down " ' We should want another Australia" Noise and laughter.] He would be in favor of increasing the area from 40 to 1200 acres, it would be better to have a limit fixed so that the capitalist could not take advantage of it They might try to bowl him down, but they had better trust a man who lad enough, and whom they knew to be honest, than a man, who wanted to grab all that he could get They had never known bim to break his word. He had used land orders-tbey were a marketable article and he bought them [Mr CHARLES CLÏN DIMKQ And crushed the free selectors with them.] It was not intended that the land orders should be used m that way, but for that he was not accountable -those wera to blame who knew of the evil, and did not seek to remedy it (Hear, hear, and noise.) He had never had an opportunity of amend- ing the law, but he could do without land orders altogether and could afford to do with- out them [A VOICE Well you might.] It would have been more honest m Mr. Hun geiford to hove admitted having used them, than to wait till it was drawn out of him He would endeavour to do away with dummyism by giving a man enough to live on, and he would seek to extend railwaj s of cheap construction into the interior He was also disposed to devote u portion of the land revenue to the improvement of internal communica- tion. In answer to quenes, Mr WHITE said he would favor the erection in sparsely populated localities in the bush of state schools, at the entire cost of the public revenue, that he would increase the reserves fox travelling stock and teams, that while he was m favor of the principle of classifying the land, be was indisposed to adopt the system, through fear of opening the door to monopoly, that he would allow theimprovementson one selection to count for several if of sufficient value, that he was willing to make some concession respecting the interest due on free-selec- tors' balances, but could not see bow any scheme would be equitable to the earlier selectors who had fully paid for their land, that he was not disposed to legislate for the eight-hour BJ stem, because be thought that labour should regulate its own market, that he would not do away with the pre-emptive leases, that he would legislate for repression of Scotch thistle, that he would seek to prevent de- struction of grass by sparks from railway engine«, and that he was not in favor of indiscriminate tap- ping, m the face of the decrease of timber and the increase of a demand for it (Hear, bear ) A show of hands was called for, and declared to be m favor of Mr White Mr Hungerford de- manded a poll, which will take place on Monday next, lue proceedings closed in the customary manner, -cheers for the Returmng- officer, Mr. White, Mr. Hungerford, Mr Smart as a stranger, and the Queen, being given heartily A heavy westerly wind blew during most of the time, and the clouds of dust it raised made out door work excessively uncomfort- able, and probably shortened the speeches to a slight extent_ 