Cricket. A MATCH was played at Windsor on Saturtïf last between the Penrith and Windsor clubl which resulted iu favor of the former cluj The play of the first two innings wa6 veg good, but in the last two the bowling an fielding got very loose, many chances beiijl given and declined with thanks. There wa only one exception in the matter of bowlin and that was E. Evans, he bowled all throug both innings and was not looBe at any tin« Hadly bowled well the first innings, bli having got off the wicket a change was mad! Coogan being put on at his end, and whií he did bowl was well up to the work, am I successful in the matter of wickets. Marti! for Windsor, did vei'y well in his first, bu his bowling was not much chop in his seconi attempt, and it was pasted ail round th field. Pendergast then took his place, aw he too was prettily pasted. W. Hull dil well also in his first, but got very loose in the second, and was pasted to that extent that Lane took his place, and bowled a fem overs very passably. There is one thiugcer*! tain that both teams want a deal morel practice. The Windsor men went to ihm wickets first, and the two first sent in to open] the ball were W. Hull and F. Alderson.1 First over Hadley to W. Hull who got » single off 4th, Aldcrson's wicket going dowffi for the 5th. One out for 1. J. Pendergast the next man. E. Evans to Hull who go« a double off 1st, Pendergast scoring a unil off 5th ; Hull putting up the next into Yorks] hands, bat it being too hoi for him he lei it go, and it bounced into thc hands of Coogan who held it so tight that Hull had to to retire to the tent. Two out for 5. Crowley next went in. Hadley to Pendergast who got one off 1st, Crowley getting a double off next, and being cought by C. Evans off 3rd. Three out for 8. Lirisley the next man was cought and bowled 'first ball by Hadley. Four out for 8. M'Quade the next man got a single off Evans' 1st, Pendergast doing likewise' with the 3rd. Hadley to Pendergast who succeeded in scoring single off 3rd. Evana, to M'Quade. Maiden. Hadley to Pendergast who got single off 3rd, M'Quade one off 4th, and Pendergast a unit off last. Evans to Pendergast who scored two doubles and was then clean bowled. Five out for 19. Martin next man was bowled 2nd, ball. Six out for 19\. P. Beveridge next. Hadley to M'Quade who scored a double off first. Evans to Beveridge got too off 1st, and had his stumps levelled with a full pitcher off 3rd. Seven out for 23 Lane nexl. Hadley to M'Quade got one off 1st. Evans to M'Quade maiden. M'Quade got single off Hadley next over. Evaus to M'Quade got two doubles. Hadley to Lane who was bowled off 2nd. Eight out for 31. C. Hull next man- who toofc^ remainder of over, which was a maiden and a wicket. Evans to M'Quade. Maiden. Hadley to Hull who was bowled off 4th. Nine out for 31. Shortly afterwards M'Quade was cought by Coogan off Hadley. All out for 31. The Penrith team now took the wickets, C. Hadley and J. Hogan going to the popping crease j W. Hull to Hogan, a bye was ran, /pothered on the Jeff of the; ^BH*^%J|picuoufi among them was, Gover «r^jiffi*» *ne American Minister, Lord WÉ^3^Q English Minister and Diplomatic flïlîpfô^: Many English officers, in full cos a.¿Je, were also present. Especially notable pas the venerable Prince Gortshakoff, Surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants i^re given by Russian chorister lads, in long Irimson dresses. When the marriage pro- fession entered, the brde walked between her father an^the bridegroom. Prince Arthur Silked' behind. The^ beautiful Anglican JpWing service was* then impressively Performed by Dean Stanly, the Prince and princess responding according to the form Éjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. , tie delivery of the final benediction ' God ¿he Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost-bless, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanly congratulated the Mvly-married couple. Several Roman ^?tholic dignatories were present. The Hde looked earnest, sweet, and fair- faced ; ^ft bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The ^Hncess of Wales was lovely, pale, and ^Kcate. The German Crown Princess ^?ked healthy-the image of her mother' Hieen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was Hparently on excellent terms with the Ger Hin Prince, and both looked well. During ceremony in the English chapel, the H^press of Russia being a confined invalid fatigued, seemed overcome and made a ^?tion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes the. married couple saluted her. The ^Kmony being concluded, the crowd dis Hpsed. There was only a limited display of Bopular enthusiasm. An illumination of the ?ubiic squares' took place, and the general Bene was one of splendid festivity. The Mrvice formed an extraordinary combination ll'ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. Kiter the marriage rites there was a banquet nt the Palace, and subsequently a ball at ?sie gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball Ehe bridal couple were formally marched to, ?the bridal chamber, accompanied by the ?Emperor ami officers of the Court. The Privities were continued after the Retirement ?jyfche happy couple, the Emperor Ebing pre 