THE LEECH WORTH ARCHI DIACONAL COUNCIL. The Archdeaconry of Beeehworth, as- j somblecl at Christ Church, Beeehworth, at j 11 a.m. on Thursday. Holy Communion j was administed by the Yen. Archdeacon j Tucker, assisted by the Rev. W. L. 0. j Howard. A preliminary conversation : took place on the subjects to be con sidered during the meeting, which was held in the Council Chambers at 3 p.m. The Yen. Arehdeacon in the chair. The following clerical and lay repre sentatives were present : — The Revs. W. L. C. Howard, G. F. Cross, S. B. Holt, and C. H. Yelland ; Messrs T. W. Bent- ley, D. H. Evans, H. Langtree, and A. Knott. There were neither clerical nor lay representatives from Mansfield, Be- nalla, Rulherglen, Chiltern, El Dorado, and Wodonga ; Messrs F. Warren, Oxley ; W . H. Manton, Stanley ; J. Crossthwafte, Yackandandah ; A. Bris- CQW, Bright ; J. Grenville, Morse's Greek, were also absent. It was moved by Mr A. KNOTT, se conded by Rev. S. B. HOLT, and car ried, that in order to form a basis for future operations, each clergyman within the Archidiaconate be recommended to | keep a register of families within his district professing to belong to the Church of England, to be added to, and per fected as occasion may require. It was moved by Mr LANGTREE, and seconded by Mr D. H. EYANS, that in the opinion of this council it is necessary for the improvement of the spiritual condition of the church in the Archdeaconry of Beeehworth that more frequent pastoral visits should be made to the members of the church ia the several districts by the local clergy, assisted, when necessary, by approved lay members. Some of those present seemed to be of opinion that the resolution conveyed a reflection on the archdeaconry, as it seemed to imply that they had not been SO diligent in pastoral visitation as they might have been. Mr LANGTREE, however, said that any such meaning was entirely unin tended. The fact was, as they must all feel, the large extent of the district, the scattered population of many portions of it, and the entirely inadequate number of clergymen to perform the duties re quired, rendered satisfactory pastoral visitation impossible. He believed they were agreed that the various clergymen in the archdeaconry had done the utmost in their power in this direction, but it was felt also that their hands must be strengthened. After some further conversation on the subject, the motion was carried. The Rev. W. L. C. HOWARD moved, the Rev. 0. M. YELLAND seconded, and it was carried, that in the opinion of this council the congregations formed and gathered by the parochial clergy, often at remote distances from the parent church, require more pastoral attention than the clergyman can give, and that it is desirable that the hands of the clergymen should hB strengthened by the assistance of yonng clergymen or lay assistants partly supported by the-district and partly by extraneous assistance. The adoption of the following financial Scheme was then moved by the Rev. W. 1 .0. HOWARD, and seconded by the Bev. S. B. HOLT. 1\. That the council deems it expedient to establish a District. Archidiaconal Ftmd to supplement grants from the Diocesan Fund, and to bd at the disposal of this. council. 3\. That the clergy, churchwardens, guardians, or managing body of each church in the Archidiaconry be requested to make at least one collection on behalf of the Archidiaconal Fund every year — on the 25th Sunday after Trinity. 8\. That Mr T. W. Bentley be ap pointed hon. treasurer, and Mr A. Knott hon. secretary. 4\. That donations to the fund be soli cited from churchmeu in each district. | 5. That a meeting of the Council be held in January next, to make snch : grants as funds will allow towards the ! stipend of clergymen or readers to the | various districts requiring assistance. ; On tho motion of the R.A. A. B. HOLT, seconded by the Rev. C. M. YELLAND, the council then adjourned until January, tin p-erise day of uuvtiug to be fixed by the Archdeacon, and the j session to take place of Wangaiatta. The ARCHDEACON thon brought the proceedings to a close Ijy pronouncing the benediction. | In the eveniug there was service at j Christ- Church, the Rev. Yv. L. 0. I Howard, incumbent, rearing the prayers, ! and the Venerable Archdeacon preach- | ing an able sermon from 2 Cor. Y 20. | " Now then we are ambassadors for j Christ, as though Go l did bes-.vch you ; by us, we pray you in Christ's siead, be ' ye reconciled to God." The following is a full report of the Archdeacon's sermon : — "Now then, wo arc ambassadors for Christ, as. tliouyh God did beseech you by us, wo pray you, in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." — 2 Con. v. 20. The office of the Christian Ministry which is of divine appointment, and designed to continue in the Church to the end of time, is represented in Holy Scripture under a variety of imagery, illustrative of its sacred character and importance. The emblems most fre quently chosen tire a watchman on the walls of a fortified and beleaguered city, or a shepherd who is watching with unwearied care the flock committed to his charge, or a steward who is required to be faithful in the care of his master's goods, and in the fulfilment of his instructions, and who must give an account of his stewardship. Each of these figures clearly sets forth the authority, importance, and solemn re sponsibility of the office. But tho Ministry of the Gospel is emphatically a ministry of reconciliation, to wit — or boar witness of this great fact — " that God was in Christ, reconciling the world tmto Himself, and not imputing unto them their trespasses," and it is therefore presented under the forcible image of an embassy, " Now then we are ambas sadors for Christ." First — TVo may consider the office ; sustained. An " ambassador " is a person who is t>enl In a public manner by one State or Government to treat with another re lative to business of a national character. Generally, ambassadors arc employed to ! carry treaties of peace between eon- j tending powers, and are entrusted with the most important affairs of nations. ! The character and employment of an j ambassador is therefore most august and I momentous ; and they afford a fit repre- j sentation of the authority, importance, j and responsibility of the Christian j Ministry. j 1. It is not in the power of any of the functionaries of State to constitute a man an ambassador for the Crown, he is i legally authorised only, as he receives j the credentials of his commission from the throne. And the minister of Christ can never receive his authority from the power of man. Our Church distinctly recognises this fact. One question that is proposed io the candidate for holy orders by the Bishop, who, as we believe acts as Christ's executive in the govern ment of the Church, is this : " Do you trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this Office and Ministration, to serve God for the promoting of His glory and the edifying of His people '? " And unless a man is fully satisfied of his own diviue election to the holy office, no human authority, no amount of learning or of natural gifts, can give him authority as an " ambassador for Christ." . The call of the great apostle, St. Paul, was miraculous in its circumstances, but although now no light appears super- natoradly, — no voice is heard from heaven, — no special messenger is em ployed to give validity and force to the commission of the ministers of Christ, yet each " ambassador " has a distinct commission, of which he is fully per-' suaded in his own mind, and this asso ciated with the possession of physical, mental, and moral qualifications, and the authority that is conveyed in ordination, enables him to say with all humility and confidence, " though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of, for necessity is laid upon me ; yea, woe he unto me if I preach not the gospel." 2\. "When an "ambassador" leaves the Royal court, having received ample instructions, and being invested with full powers of negotiation, he is supposed to express the mind and to act in the place of his Sovereign. This representative character is sustained by the Christian mi- nistry. The Apostles were endowed with extraordinary gifts to fulfil their high commission, and our Lord said to them, " He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me, receiveth Him that sent me." The parallel passage is even still more emphatic : " Whoso heareth you heareth me, and whoso despisethvou despiseth me." But the charge now given is — to "preach the word to " declare the whole counsel of God," and within these limits the minister of the gospel is "in Christ's stead." The title of the office conveys the idea of authority, and it is also expressed in these words — ".as though God did be seech you by us." Those who sustain tho office of " Ambassadors for Christ " may feel themselves to he "less than the least of all saints ;" but this un feigned humility should he associated j always with fortitude, for "God hath j not given to us the spirit of fear, but of j power, and of love, and of a sound mind." There are seasons of trial — of mental depression — in times of great disappointment, or of painful opposition, when the Minister of Christ is compelled to fall hack for support on his divine authority— even as tho Apostle St. Paul said in the presence of imminent peril — "But none of these things move me, neither count I-my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the Ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God." And this authority also invests the message of the Ministry with corresponding im portance, so that those who reject or oppose it, arc found to war against God, iind the indignity offered to the servant, pusses over to the Master. | 8. Once more, I remark, that an " ambassador " is responsible for tho discharge of his embassy, and this feature is applicable to the Minister of Christ. He is responsible to the "Chief Shepherd and Bishop of souls " for the fulfilment of his- chargb, " but 'riot,- ' vou j will observe, lor the effect that may be j produced upon others by his Ministry, i for that would be an intolerable burden, j The most faithful Ministers have not | always been the most successful. Noah ! was a preacher of righteousness, and j ceased not to warn sinners, in the I antediluvian world for the space of an j hundred and twenty years, but ho j witnessed inn reformation or returning | to God. The Prophets and Apostles j were not invariably successful, nor even i our bless.ed Lord Himself, their words : were often disregarded and spurned with ; contempt, and tho repeated record is : — some believed ; others mocked and rejected the word of salvation, but in the midst of discouragement the faithful Ministers may rest assured of divine succour. " My judgement is with the Lord, and rnv work with mv God." j Let us nut, however, my brethren, : forget, that the most' tiwml threatenings ' are recorded against those who either j totally, or partially neglect their high calling. How tra-riblo is the reflection ; that the ruin of souls may be caused or accelerated by the unfaithfulness of the Christian Minister ! And how many ; are the temptations in our day to become ; negligent and careless ! How great tbe ! need of continual watchfulness and : prayer to withstand the tide of formality, worldlinoss, and scepticism, of selfishness : and pleasure seeking by which we are ! surrounded ! Happy is tire man who | can survey the objects of bis charge, i and say, " I take you to record this day, | that I am pure from the blood of all I men ; for I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God." The office of an "ambassador, "respon sible and dignified as it. is, affects the fate of nations, and determines often the flow or suspension of commerce, the scourge of war or the reign of peace, but the consequences are temporal ; on the other hand the Christian Ministry is concerned with tho spiritual welfare of tho souls of men, and the consequences stretch on ! through eternity. Secondly. — From tho office let us turn our attention to the message of the ministry : — " Be ye reconciled to God." 1\. The existence in the mind of man of enmity against God is here evidently implied. That this enmity should exist is most unnatural, for it is the enmity of the child with the parent ; it is most unjust, for God. has never injured the sinner ; and it is most dangerous and alarming, for men must either yield to his will or be crushed beneath his power ; and yet unnatural, unjust, and alarming as it is, the statement is too evidently proved to admit of denial or concealment. The apostle has said in his Epistle to the Romans, " The carnal mind is enmity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God neither indeed can be." Those violations of the law of God which are seen in tho lives of unrenewed and worldly-minded men, may be traced to the principle of enmity against God, which ever breaks forth into active transgression on the occurrence of a favorable opportunity. To tho church at Colosses the apostle says, that once they were " enemies .in their mind by wicked works," that is, wicked works were the external proofs of the enmity of the heart against God. "What an awful view does this present of the moral and spiritual state of man .! " Woe to that man that striveth with his Maker!" 2\. If such is the state of the sinner's heart, and such the contempt with which he treats the law of God, why is it that justice does not immediately assert the authority of law ? "Why is it that swift punishment does not overtake the trans gressor ? How is it that terms of reconciliation are oronosed and nressecl on the acceptance of the alienated and rebel spirit of men ? Is it that justice can surrender the demand — the soul that sinneth it shall die ? Is it that God can allow transgression against his moral government to pass with im punity ? Or that he can have fellowship with sin ? The question is answered by the apostle, " God was in Christ re conciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them." Here is the basis of agreement, of sub mission, and of eternal peace. 3\. And now to complete the mutual amity, the blessed reconciliation of man with God, nothing more is demanded than the surrender of self-will, peni tential return to God by the grace of the Holy Spirit, and faithful obedience. The Christian ministry should be the continual proclamation . of the terms of reconciliation, and its central, object to bring the souls of men into unison with the divine law, into harmony with the will of God, and into the consequent possession and exercise of peace and love, of trust and hope in God. " We pray you." — We cannot constrain the sinner to be reconciled to God for the act of submission is his own, but we can persuade him by appeals to his reason, his conscience, and his affections. Coercion, were it possible, could not convince the conscience or the judgment. " We pray you in Christ's stead," not only in tho name and authority, but in the spirit of Christ, with forbearance and compassion. Are there those who reject our message, to whom the "preaching of the cross is foolishness." We ask what is the spirit of Christ ? What the teaching of Has example and words ? What would be the tenderness of Christ towards these men '? Even so will I forbear and forgive, implore, and repeat the offer of peace and salvation. ' But some may ask, why do you reiterate those old and 1'amiliar truths ? I reply, that on the occasion of tho meeting of the Council of the Arch deaconry, it was thought to he desirable that we should have a public service of prayer and a sermon, and I have considered that the first of these special sermons might" appropriately embrace the office of the Christian Ministry, not because I could hope to give any more impressive exhibition of its solemn character that would at once occur to the minds of my brethren in the Ministry, l?ut I desire to impress on their minds, and to have impressed at the same .time on my own mind, the sacred character and momentous conse quences of the high and holy office we sustain. And. the subject is one in which every member of the Church, is interested, not only because the faithful discharge of the duties of the Ministry is essential to the life, activity, and prosperity of the Cluu-cli, hut also because every member of the Church has responsibilities in relation to the office which are essential to its main tenance and success. The laity are interested in the subject equally with the clergy, for to each member of the Church wc may say, the Ministry is yours — it exists for your salves — " For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing, are not even ye in the pre sence of our Lord Jesus Christ at His coming." I ask you who are members of our Church to " esteem highly " the office and character of tho ministers of Christ. I do not refer to social position, or to personal regard,. or to pecuniary contri butions,. for these are' willingly rendered. The numerous churches and parsonages erected, within a comparatively short period, in the colony, as population has become settled, are a standing evidence of the zeal and liberality of churchmen. But I allude to the sacred purpose and character of the Christian ministry, as n witness for Christ and an embassy of peace. Ever remember tbe source of its authority, and tbe purpose of its continuance through the centimes of time ; and si rive .yourselves to receive the blessings which it proclaims and conveys, then you will no longer regard the message of the " Ambassadors for Christ " as an oft repeated story that has become wearisome. But you will enter warmly into the thome, knowing its vital truth and power, and your own spiritual | life will bo nourished and strengthened thereby. Then, I ask also, for your calmest and active co- operation with the Ministers of Clirist. " Brethren pray for lis," was the request of the Apostle, and we more especially need your prayers and -efforts. There is yet a .great work before our Church, and there arc yet thousands to be gathered into our communion. The last census shows us that within the limits of this Archdeaconry of Beeeh worth, among a population of forty-two thousand, there are fourteen .thousand persons who return themselves as mem bers of the Church of England. How many of these require to be sought for, visited, and brought if possible into our schools or our churches ? With a faith ful and earnest body- of clergy -wo need tho efforts of sympathising and zealous laymen ; and united prayers, counsels, and efforts will render our church more successful in the work of evangelisation, and .secure tho fulfilments of the great promise of Christ— "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Amen. 