"A SKELETON MAN." Mr. John. Salter, of Tollcshunt D'Arcy, sends to the Lancet an account of the " Skeleton Man" now travelling the country with an itinerant showman, and exhibited to the vulgar gaze at twopence a head. I was urgently requested (says Mr. Salter) to ascertain if there could be any imposition, and did so, fully anticipating that my visit would end, as such visits are likely to do, in disappointment and disgust, However, I found every means collared me to make a minute inspection, and, indeed, I was invited by those who had charge of him to do my very worst'. I subjoin briefly the result of my investiga- tion Robert T-, aged thirty-two years, height 4ft. 9in., weight 40lb., was born of healthy parents of the labouring class, in the parish of March, Cambridgeshire It is father is dead, succumbing to the affects of advanced age ; his mother is living, and also two sisters, who are healthy, married, and well grown. He describes himself, and is described by those with whom he has lived for a period of ten years, as being quite healthy, and, except in appearance, to be constituted much the same as other mortals. In appearance, however, he is actually and positively what he is represented to Serviss, a skeleton man, and from birth he has had the peculiar conformation which I am about to describe. At first sight when divested of the covering of his arms and logs, which are simply bones, abnormally small, slightly covered with rudimentary muscles, so minute that they can with difficulty be soon and felt, below a skin of thin and shining whiteness, without a vestige of subcutaneous fat ; exhibiting a head somewhat large and face, solemenised in like manner, with a mouth full of somewhat prominent tooth and lips that do not meet ; eyes, blue, goggled, ' codfish,' that roll about in sockers dentured of lashes ; the skin of the chocks stretched tightly over their projections of bone, and the chin and lower part of the face wrinkled and gigantic certainly wears a supernatural, ghost-like, an comfortable appearance, which, when exhibited suddenly to the heightened imagination of the inquisitive, I can quite believe has, to use the words of the exhibitor, caused strong men to faint in all directions. However, this ghost-like mortal ails nothing He has been with his present master ten years ; he oats, drinks, smokes, scoops, takes exercise, and shows fits of temper and intelligence very similar to exhibitions of the same description in wayward, spoiled children. He is said to have never had a day's illness in his life to be not particularly susceptible of cold ; to be capable of drinking alcoholic drinks in somewhat large quantities and the only faculties which appear to be defective are his hearing and his speech, the latter of which is expressed in sepulchral tones and in a jerky manner. He has a capital memory ; is particularly fond of children, jewellery, and pictures land is of a somewhat restless turn of mind and body. He does not like to be thwarted, and at these times exhibits fits of temper and violence quite inconsistent with his apparent strength. He can walk a mile or two at a stretch ; when hurried, he trots rather than runs, though he has been known to scramble through and win a race of a hundred yards. He shakes hands strongly and heartily, his grip being that of a grown man, without apparent effort. His breathing is normal. He is not a scholar,' but his intelligence is quick and keen for his station and Opportunities, He has a good head of brown straight, fine hair ; rudimentary eyebrows : no lashes ; no hair elsewhere over his body. His joints are large, and so is his abdomen. ? His chest is of fair size. Minutely his head is capacious, well developed before and behind ; forehead somewhat low. The circumferential measurement taken round the centre of the fore- head is 20 inches ; length from roots of hair to point of chin, 5 inches. His ears are round, prominent, and without lobes ; his eyes are full and blue, and the eyelids have no lashes. His nose is very pointed and small, with the bridge defective and indented, total." His mouth is large ; his lips are thin and widely separate ; teeth, even strong, regular, abundant, and projecting, not indented. He seems to have a perpetual and ghastly grin ; a veritable fee simple of Victor Hugo's " L'Homme Qui Rit." His voice is hollow and strong, the sound proceeding chiefly from the chest. His sight is tolerably good. His movements are quick and active, and he is capable of moving heavy weights. His stock, which, for him is somewhat fleshy, measures 14 inches in circumference. Round the chest he is 27 inches ; it is much contracted, and free from any muscular development whatever. There is a small quantity of subcutaneous fat about the regions of the chest, back, and abdo- men. The clavicle are much bent. The lungs are healthy and the respiration is normal, The | heart-sounds are vigorous and even ; the pulse at the wrist is feeble ; the veins are large. He measures round the large ribs 27 inches. His back is slightly rounded. All his joints are large and somewhat stiffened, and there are excoriations the result of friction. His arms measure round the prominence of the deltoid, 5in right, 4 left ; round the middle of the biceps 44 right as left. The outlines of these miracles are observable. Round the elbow he is Cl- inches, but barely three inches round the wrists. A ring with an aperture measuring exactly half an inch (1) across will fall from his wrist when hung there. His upper arm is 10 inches long, measured from the point of the shoulder to the lower end of the humerus ; his lower arm is 7 inches to the wrist joint ; 2 inches from wrist joint to point of knuckles ; 3 inches from knuckles to end of ring finger ; nails strong and Gilbert shaped. Both arms are contracted at. elbow joints, which seem, like those of the hands, feet, and knees, to be partly anchy losed. Ho measures 12 inches round the thickest part of his thigh, "8 inches above the knee, 6 inches below, and 4 inches round the ankle. His feet are very arched, with rudimentary toes stiffened joints, and very pointed heels. They are 6 inches in length. The main points of physiological interest appear to me to be how this man can use so much effort with so little muscular development and why his tissues are not nourished to a greater extent by the quanity of food consumed, which goes through the process of digestion with apparent ease, and is sufficient for the wants of any ordinary man. There has been no alteration in weight for ten years." 