XK BADGE FOR HOSPITA!.. .PATIENTS.! Oil,' shade of Charles Bickens/ if thou canst read; pray cast, ¿hine. eyes on this. The ARMIDALE EXPRESS Yc'ports that " at a meet- ing of the.general cpmiiiittee of,thç Armidale. Hospital,' on Tuesday, avHiglily satisfactory (balance ; sheet was -;shown. K It' was' decided "that ih ' future thc'hospital' patients should wcar^.a uniform dress. ,. Tln"s;has heen found' 'advisable'from, occasionally,'apatient coming into town -arid d^m^ng."' rWherc it not for ! thc fact that thc funds * pf the Armidale \- "Hospital,'aro [tolerably good,'wc migh t be well ' excused'for.- suspecting the committee of a t.design to terrify unfortunates - from placing "? themselves'' under the care ' of. ' this ' no doubt benificent and useful institution. What kind . of uniform dress ot ugliness will they, adopt ? The time-honored corduroy lind brass buttons? If I. might make a humble suggestion, I should propose to avoid the expense of dresses, and substitute a brand-a small one-and mark each patient on. the right cheek or on thc foièhéad withthe Word " pauper." No publican would trust ...a. pauper, and , np one .would drink'1 with a pauper j therefore no pauper or hospital-patient could get,drunk. . Th'érc is another unplcasantreflcction naturally suggested by the committee's most ingenious ..*?'--'-. resolution. Fancy'Jones', who has broken his leg, being compelled to put on tho identical suit of clothes which Brown threw , off yesterday after .suffering ,a recovery from ' typhoid fever. Oh/hoiTor.! But worse, and worse, just endeavour to imagine the state of JÊf ; póór'llolicrtson's feelings on being ordered to put bit'thé togs in which Jones has just given up,thc ghost. Thc subject is altogether too 'painfnl'to bc 'dwelt upon. .Therefore I will .! say no, more- than this, that I nm ready to bet any man a jßlO note that not oiie of thc committee who passed this odious regulation will ever provo man enough, however un-, fortnnute, to. enter THAT- hospital usn patient. -INVIÎUELI, GoUHIEll. 