.Duke of Edinbiirgh'e Marriajge.' : -? St. ^ETEBSBpoH, 'January 23rd.— -The marriage cpri,- . , ' mon; of'tb.e;.pvkB of Ed^urgh^an.4 tha Princesg. * ' Sana couinicriceS'to--ia.j in the presence of .'a vast as semblage of guests 'jn' the. Winter Palace jJnd.the., ; various galleries. The UCdies were 8umptiiouB)yattirea, ' the prevailing costumes, particularly of Bussian ladies, weretvelret and diamorids. TJie men were iiiuniforin, - \rith;th(i exception of the American Diplonifttist. After' assembling, n p'rooeEsion'. waB formed with the Grand Equories, Cliiunterlains, and other officers of the Courts Leading them come the Emperor ^ndi Einpress- Imijeriftl, Prince nod Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and l'nnce, Arthur. Then canietlietnde and the bridegroom, wlio wok the Bussiiut naval uniform. ' .Tlie'bride was spleudidIy*Sp parelled in- ;& long crimson 'vel^t 'mantle, trimmed ?with ermine, and 6he -wore ?& diamond coronet. Her ' train wa« borne by four pages. Then followed an im mense procession of the Imperial family, priests, Mends, princes, tmd court officials. ThelmpeiialBiiB siaa Prince wore tlie uniform of- Cujrassiert, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British : anifonn,' the Prugsiaii Prince Imperial that of a Prussian ; Colonel. All were decorated with the Bussian Qrder' of St. Andrew. The Princess . of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with dia-. mond coronet and cojlar, itnd pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess' was dressed in ihe same style. The 'Bussian ?Princess' dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur noted as one of tlie grooms men. AU were silver wedding favors. ;The proeeBsionj'upon reaching the Eus^ian Chnrch, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian ' Church of the Holy Synod, bearing croBees and sacred veasels with Holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, as suming his station, with the Empress immediately be hind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Pukes. The wedding rings, borne oo golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. . The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innume rable wax candles { the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold. carpet ; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was uaique in the absence df music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during tbe service.' The crowns . were held suspended over the headB of the bridal pair. Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bade. The Imperial Confessor then said: 'Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art. crowned for this . handmaiden of God, Maria, Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost' Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the opistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. . After the reading was concluded the marriage at Canaof.Gal-^ lilee was read, The crowns were removed, and ihe* married couple walked thrice around tho raised dais, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand, and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the con fessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Airer ward the' choir sang 'Glory to Thee, O Lord!'' concluding with a benediction. ' ' : ! This ended the Greek services. The hroceeskm then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. -,? Dean. Stanely, of Westminister Abbey, officiate! The walls were .-decorated with, battle pictures. . Dean Standy. who during the solemni- ' zation bf the Greek church service, wore a Protestant . Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing in Epis copal surplice with a jewelled collar oTthe Order of Bath around his neck, was . assisted by two resident English clergymen. Sotli the American and the Eng lish Colony were gathered on theleft of the altar. Conr-. spicuotis among them was Governor Jewett, tlie Ameri- . can Minister, Lord Loftuo, the English Minister, and costume, were also present. Especially notable was : the venerable Prises Gortahakoff, surrounded by leadr ingtnemhers of the Kussian nobility. The Episcopal chants were £iren by ^Russian chorister lads, in ;long . crimson dresses, /When the marriage procession entered, - tbe bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beauliful Anglican.. wedding service was. then impressively performed by .y Dean Stanley, the' Prince and Princess- responding . according to the form enjoined in the book of .Common. lYayer. . Tne .deuvery, of tne nnal benediction, ; 'God the. Father, Qod the Son, God the Holy. Ghost —bless, preserve,, and: keep you,' was .especially ' touching. The services, being son.' eluded, Dean, Stanley congratulated -tho newly married.oaEple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries ' were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair- . faced ; tho bridegroom grave and. self -possessed. The* Princess of \yalc6_ was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crof-n Princess looked liealfhy— ihe Image of her mother Queen Victoria. ' The Prince of 'WbIks was apparent Iy on excellent terms with ihe German Prince, and both looked well. During the. ceremony in th» English 'cliapel, the Empress bf Russia being a -oo'nnnetf invalid and- fatigued, seemed oTeroome and, made; a motion of holding a handkerchief to jhbr eyes w't-eh the . married couple saluted her. The ceremony being cob cluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only' a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of . the public squares took- place, and jth'e general Sjcene; was one of splendid festivity. The servioe' formed «n' extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites, there was » bariquot.at the Palace and subsequently .a i-all at 4he / gorgeous hali, At the plose oMhe'bail^hehridaii, couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, acoompaniedbytbe Btnjieror and officeraof the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of . thohaonycouole. tiioJEmoeror beine nresent. 