CHAPTER XX. AIUirVAI, AT DUQDEN. The boat ran into a small bay between lofty and rugged rocks, which cast a black shadow on the water beneath. The bay itself affoided a sife land ing- placo, for a pebbly beach shelved down into the w (ter, and that so abruptly that the prow of the boit did not ground till one could step from it upon the «bingle. There was no artihcial construction in tho foim of a harbour, and no appearance of human habitation. The place was one of utter solitude, and under the still light of the stais wore a solitary ispect, the loft) rocks standing like motionless sentinels of the silent scene. The moment the grating sound of the boat's keel W18 heard on the giavel, Dick sprang ashore, telling Annabel to remain seated where she wis till he returned. She could in truth do nothing else, for no sooner had Dick gained the beach than the boat ri ci-ded to the distance of itself from the shore, and thtre remained stationary, the two men sitting in passive inaction with their oars still out. Hid the light been stronger, Annabel might have st en that, \tler Dick had moved up the bench to the fir-t »t mdiug rock, o man cime from behind it and met him , that the two exchanged a few whispered words, and lmniediatel) went forward together to a level place under the cliff, where a horse and a spring- cart stood waiting for them , and that, when a few more words were spoken b) each, the man glided silently away among the rocks, and Dick took the horse by the bridle and brought it and the conveyance it drew donn the shingly beach towards the boat. Tho darkness was too great to enable Annabel to see this Dick'» form hadquickl) disippeared when he left the boat. She listened to his footsteps till they died away in tho distance, and the next thing of which sne wss cognisant was the sound of the cart as it moved over the channel. Then Dick was seen leading the horse forward by the bridle, and advancing directly towards thom When he came to the water's edgo he beckoned to tie sailors to come aground again, and hand out the luggage. The boxes as they were handed ashore were placed by him in the cart, and deposited so as form a comfortable seat for himself and Annabel. " No>v Miss," he called out, when the last of the luggage was landed. He came to the edge of the water to help her to land, but she leapt a-hore without his aid, and a thrill ran through her as her feetstood once more on English soil. ' > ow v ou can go, ) ou parle) von», for we are done with you," said Dick, at the same time making ages ture "to the men e\pressive of his meaning Ids words wero luemmgless to them, but the motion they undeistood, and immediitely backed their oars till the boat got into deep water Then her head was turned to the sea, and away they went back to tie lugger, which lay at no distance off. " ft hat-ore we to do now ?" asked Annabel. "Are we to go to Eoekstenein that cart ?" "This is the only convêyascewe have got," replied Dick, with a grin. Then, more sarcasticall), he added-" Seeing as how they haven't SGlLtbe car- nage, we'll have to put up with the humbler artîcX and I'll be coachman m) self." * " Have we far to go * Could I not walk it?" askea Annabel, who had a strong av ersion to enter the cart be~ide Dick. " No, )ou couldn't for molo reasons than one," was the answer " First of all, it's too far, and suppose it weren't, ) ou couldn't hud the road But what ob- jection ha\c you to the cart? It goes on springs, the horse is a good un, and there's a box as will make an e.isy seat." Seeing there was nothing for it but acquiescence, Anutbel-again refusing Dick's proffered assistance -climbed into the cart, and, wrapping herself up as a protection from the night air, sat down on one of the boxes Dick did not mount just then, for he required to lead the horse over the rough gravel of the beach, and up the winding path winch led to the top of the height. The slope was not v er) steep, but the road was prett) much broken, and was obviously subject to little trathc At the top of the long ascent, Dick sprang to his place in front, and, the path being level now, they set off at a smart pice acio^s the moor, whicn stretched far awa) into the distance. That night ride was a long and a dreary one, across a portion of the Yorkshire wolds, over wild, bleak heaths, through deep and desoíate solitudes, wht-re isolated houses stood miles and miles apart, along partially deserted roads, where the wheels sometimes sunk m ruts, and at other times bumped against large stones. To Annabel it was intensely lonesome to be earned thus into the wild, her only companion a mau whom she had now come thoroughly to fear and dislike, amid the darkness of night, the hour waxing late, and no prospect of the journey termi- nating. The situation was alarming be) ond descrip- tion, and as such she felt it. Between her and Dick perfect silence had been maintained from the time theylef t the seaside, though often she longed to break it by asking if their jour ne) was not nearing its termination But his man- ner had been so gruff and rude all that day that she shrunk from holding intercourse with him, and de- vout!) wished that their arrival at a place of human habitation would put an end to a position which bad become so dreadful. She had made up her mind, should the) come to a village oran inn, to take a bolder cour-e with Dick, to insist on knowing more precisel) what was the object of all their singular proceedings, and to put an end to a situation which was neither seemly nor proper. Annabel could not help bitterly blaming Mrs Langton for placing her in such a disagreeable and improper predicament, and so soon as it was safe for her te do so she resolved to terminate it, even though she should have to per- form the rest of her journey on her own resources. The hope of reaching Kockstone soon had begun to fade in her heart, for the desolate and solitary rpgion m which they were bore no resemblance to the iv.rtile and beautiful country by which that estate was sur- rounded. They must therefore be still a long dis- tance from it, and the hour was wearing on to mid- night With anxious eyes Annabel scanned the scene in front, in the hope of beholding a light to give token that they were approaching human dwellings. But vainly did she gaze on all sides in this search : uni- versal darkness lay on the shrouded landscape, and overhead beamed the stars m peaceful but distant stillness. Once they came upon a beaten road more like a highway than the paths they were traversing, and as they turned into it Annabel's hope rose high, for she deemed it would ere long lead them to a town or village. But scarcely had they kept by it for a hundred yards when the horse's head was suddenly turned to the left, and again they struck into a broken and grass-grown byepath, which led them further and further into solitude. Annabel's heart died within her, and she could remain silent no longer. " Dick," she burst forth, " I can bear this suspense no longer. Do tell me where we are going ?" " Y'ou will see in a little now," responded Dick, " for we haven't far to go." " Bnt we cannot be near Bockstone ?" " Well, no, we are not." " Then we are not going there to-night ?" " No, we couldn't make the distance. The horse is a good un, but he has had a long turn of it, and needs a rest. So do you and I for that matter, and we sholl have it now before half an hour is over." " At an inn ?" cried Annabel eagerly. " Well, summat of that sort," answered Dick, with an inward chuckle, and they again relapsed into silence. The half-hour had nearly expired when they de- ] scended into a hollow, the brow of which they had i been skirting for some time, and crossed a narrow ?Ju,i-feffiifc5.?.-TW-ra- Oakthe other eid» was a long ' dense wood bj the side of which thej continued their way, the hollow lying close upon their left "How well I know every turn and comer of the old place mutti red Dick to himself Its many a year «mee I «aw it but it am t a bit altered Blow me if ever 1 cx¡ ected to be near it again I h )pe as how Haye« h i« »mt m plenty of «t le« for I'll bo h mged if it won t t tke it all to keep me in «uch a desert I thought it bid enough afire I saw the vvoild but ?i H it « tau times worse and it will take nil the tin I mu to have f ir the j ib to stand it Then there« the revenge-that counts for something, and til its wh it I am t likely to forget so long as those stinging twinges «ho it threugh my arm Curse that joung prig-1 shall paj lum off now ' Such were Dick s silent and concealed thoughts as they drove along the siele of the wood and turned sharpl j round a corner, where a clump of trees seemed to h ive det iched themselves from the main portion of the plantation an 1 to have thriven better in their isolation, for tiley had reached a larger growth, and spread their dark branches abroad with wider sweep From the faint track another track equally faint diverged and into this hitter the horse was turned, when thej Were in le«s than a minute driven within the clump of tree-, and then ii was that Annabel saw that the latter surrounded a large un lighted building of lrre^ul ir shape, encircled by a high wall This seemed to be the place where their journey was to end for the present, and while Annabel in her weariness felt glad that it was so, a «trange ft ehng of dread also overcamo her at sight of the gloomy pile so like a prison-daik, silent, and solitary Dick drew up at a large door in the wall, to which the track directly led and, leaping to the ground, knocked loudly on its thick oaken front with the knob of his whip Tho sounds rose with startling harshness, and seemed to echo within the pile with dreary prolongation After he hid knocked thus violently, Dick laid his ear to the door in a listening attitude. But for a minuto no response was made to his summons, and, with a mutti red curse, he was about to repeat it when his raised hand was stayed by the creaking of a door within This was presently succeeded by an ap- proaching iootstep, and a husky woman's voice on the other side of the wall called out , "YYhosthere1 ' YY hy, Moll who should it be but me ? ' replied Dick impatiently ' And high time, too, responded the other, as with a loud bang a bolt was drawn and the door pulled open Have you been a wearying for us?" asked Dick, as he led the horse forward within the doorway, and across the gross-grown court-yard. " How could I be any thing else in this outlandish place " answered the woman, who was now busying herself with re-closmg and re-fastening the door ' YYo have been expected here, then,' thought Annabel, as from her seat in the cart she silently but ob ervantly noticed all that went forward And as she looked back and saw the high wall with its closed door, md forward to the dark and gloomy pilo of building her heart sank heavily m her bosoin, and a shudder r in through her frame A stiong stream of ruddy light came across the court y ard from a lamp which had evidently been left by the woman standing within the threshold of the ojien do i, through which, guided perhaps by the glare, Dick led the horse, and there it and the cart came to a standstill I ' Now, miss, step this way, and I shall help you to alight," was growled forth in u gruff tone \nnabel anticipated this expected proffer of assist- ance by making har way to the ground at the rear of the vehicle, and was just in time to encounter the woman, who was now on her way back from closing the gate Being now on the same level, and quite | close to her, she saw her to be a tall, coarse, 1 m iscuhne - looking person, with a round red fice and a laige nose, also unmistakably red at the point She paid no attention to Annabel at the moment, but went forward to assist Dick in liftiug out the luggage Then the boxes being sot down bj the door, the woman lighted the light, and accompanied Dick as he went to unyoke and put the horse in the stable, leaving Annabel standing in the dirk " Oh, heaven,' murmured the girl, as the shadow of foreboding fell more heavilj on her spirit," would -would that I was at Rockstone, This strange, drearj pi ice fills me wi h dreadful apprehension " She waited a few minutes till thej returned, and then it was that the woman, who still earned the h"ht, came str light up to her and held itciosoto her f ice, saying So this is the young woman, is it ? ' Aj, tb it s her," responded Dick Humph, she s what some people would call piettj, though too much of a doll for mj fancy. Y ur sister was uncommon like her, j ou saj " ' A erj ' ' Ot cour«e she must, or this game could not-" ' YWiy what the devil are j ou standing for ?' roared Dick as suddenly he pushed against Moll with one of the boxes which he was in the act of eui rung into the house Dint you, Dick, you nearly had me on ny nose, and the 1 imp to «hivers Don't stand there, but let us see into the house We me tned enough after that long ride,and hungry too for that matter ' AVell I ve a bit o' supper ready for you-been ready the e two hours I had given up hope of you c mung to ni^ht, and was ju«t going to have a drop o something hot to keep up my spirits m this old ghost of a house, and get into bed, when I heard your knock ' Y\ hile these observations were being exchanged the luggage wis carried into the interior, and Anna bel was half asked, half ordered to follow, which she did along a p tssace and into a large old-fashioned kitchen where a lire blazed in tho ample grate On a tibie before it stood the supper of which Moll had spoken, consisting of bread and meat, and sundry bottles and glasses " Now AIiss sit down and eat sometlnrg, for in cour«e you aro hungry enough," «aid Dick, setting a ellan for her close by the tire AVhat will you have ? asked Moll " A cup of ten if y ou please," replied Annabel, and as this bever ige was also prepared it was set before her at once She ate little, but drank »he tea with avidity, the others sitting a little distance off, and never speak- ing, though Annabel did not observe that the silence they mamtuned had been prompted by a private signal made by Dick She noticed, however, that AIoll frequently cast inquisitive glances towards her ' YVould you like to go to bed now ?' isked the latter when she saw that Annabel had done eating Ya if you plea«e I feel very tired " I ' Come this way, then,' said Moll, after she had I lighted a candle which stood in a rusty and appa- rently long disused candlestick " Are w a to leay e ea-ly in the morning ?" asked Annabel turning to Dick as she was about to leave the kitchen 'No, not early," replied Dick, with a peculiar twinkle and a glance at Moll " You may sleep as long as you like ' "Nay, I am ready to rise at any hour you wish," returned Annabel, eagerly " I wish to reach Rock stone as early to morrow as possible ' Ah, well, we'll see about that when to-morrow «*nes No need for rising early at any rate Show I te-*"ay, Moll The noith room, I supposai" ber~t> *V>v tue one ^'le maae ready," rejoin!, 4.s G v,'< KV "s»»«1 jed the way into the passa bel foíibwiúg SeiSrS-r-3"T was_ the Jm he Y\ er stair, up two flights of which th'e girl wascdii intirie e and by the corridors which branched away on"ei£Uer side but which the light of the candle could not penetrate, it could be guessed what a large rambling house it was A damp, mouldy, fragrance also fl lated through it, and the loud echo of their foot- steps proclaimed that its rooms were empty Turning to the left, Moll conducted Annabel to the farthest end of a large and dusty passage, where a narrow door which opened outwards gave accès to a winding stair Up this narrow stair she went, and beckoned on Annab»l to follow ' Your room is here, she curtly observed, when they had gained the top, and come to another door near the landing The chamber they DOW entered was a small square apartment, furnished as a bedroom, but everything hod a quaint and ancient look, and the air had the same damp, mouldy smell si observable below Evidently the room had not been used for long. Nevertheless, some little effort had been made in anticipation of a guest, for the embe s of a burnt-out fire smouldered in the rusty grate, and the bed clothes were turned dow n Annabel noted these things as she cast a rapid glance around bat ere her first brief survey was completed Moll hod set down the candle on the table and was about to retire " I don't suppose you want any thing more ?" she remarked \nnabel bent on her a wistful look, and impul- siv eh stepped between her and the door " Tell me what place this is, and why I have been brought here ? ' she nerv ojsly cried " Can't answer no questions Miss. You must aik Dick anvthing )Ou want to know" ' But ) ou must know something, for you seem to have been expecting us " " Well, mayhap I was, but you must look to Dick for information, for I can't give it " " i ou can t give it-that means you won't Oh, )ou are a woman, and )ou can understand and 8)mpathise with my position A strange myateiy I has attended my whole journe), and its meaning I I cannot penetrate Dick sa) s he is acting according to Mrs Langton's instructions, but I cannot believe it, for wh) should she send me to Bockstone by this circuitous route and m a manner so disagreeable ? ' " I tell ) ou I can't answer no questions Ask Dick, and see what he savs " " I hav e asked him already and got no satisfaction, but ) ou are a woman, ) ou can feel for me " " les, I am a woman, but one as has had always to take care of herself and wh) should a woman not be able to do that as well as a man ? It's your poor puling things as looks to be protected and cared for, that can't have the very wind blow on their faces, and are no more flt nor a babby to stand their own in the world 'ion may be one o' these, Miss, but I ain't, and what's more, I've no patience for tbem. Such dainty np bringing hasn't been mine, and I don t suppose I look as it had A woman, indeed ! as if a woman would be weaker than a man if she didn t coddle herself There, don't keep me here, for Dick will want his supper, and I want to have a chat with him Wait till y ou see him in the morning, I and then ask him what you like " And pushing Annabel aside, as m pleading attitude she stood before her, Moll stalked resolutely forth, descended the stair, and closed bebind her the door which separated it from the corridor below. She had left the candle burning, so that Annabel bad light with her She stood gazing at the door whence Moll had departed till her echoing footsteps died m the distance Poor girl, the mystery which surrounded her had increased rather than diminished. Her position had become more inexplicable, and it was m vam that she strove to understand it Nor was she able at that moment to bring her mind very closely to its consideration, for she waa thoroughly tired and worn by her long ride, and as she had rested little the previous night she waa in- clined-strangely situated though she was-to throw herself on the bed and sink into the sleep which was so powerfully stealing upon her. Finding that the door of her chamber had a bolt, and that though rust) it did not refuse to go into its socket, she used the means it afforded to secure her against intrusion, and throwing aside her garments, sought the repose of the couch, and was almost im- mediately asleep, her last act of consciousness being to resolve to insist firmly and determinedly on ob- taining from Dick in the morning a full and explicit explanation of all that now so alarmed and per- plexed her. Meanwhile Dick and Moll were seated together in the kiicheu very comfortable and confidential The former had done full justice to the supper which had been prepared, and was now helping his cmi panion to cousuuie the contents of one of the black bottles, the odour of which seemed to indicate brand) " Well, Mother Crimp," sud Dick, after taking a long draught, " this is a queer start, ain't it ^ V might) difference this from the lodging-house lu Blokes Alle)'' "Bather," assented the woman, who seemed to answer indifferent!) to the names of Moll ind Mother Cnrop, and who was indeed no other th in the keeper of the lodging house which Barnard Ha)is had visitod in search of Dick Mattocks ' And it amt so joli) either, I suspect-"' said Dick. " í»ot in some wa)s," responded Moll. " There is not the noise or fun, but neither is there the w oin , and vv u've got plentv to eat and drink, and little to do for it That suits me uncommon " Oh, well, so it does me for that matter , and I don't doubt as how we shall find life here not so bid so far as grub and suction goes But bavent) ou lelt the place devilish qunt " \ou ma) sa) that. The two nights I have been here have tried m) nerves rather more than thev like to bear, and if the brand) h idn't given me couage, I don t know if I could have stood it But you know I can lace anvthing with blandy, Dick ' "A), so )ou can, Moll-the devil lumstll, I dare say. How did v ou como ? "Ha)es brought me We carno together m the cart, and brougtit a lot of provisions with us Didu t )ou see bim ? Ho was to be at the place when )ou came ashore " ' Oh, )es, I saw him- onl) for a minute, though, and the time was too short to get au) news from him How has the game gone at Rockstone ' " First rate, not a hitch." " Is-Nell buried?" " Of course she is, and a grand grave she has got alongside of the old man as died lately-I dout know his nime, but he was the one as ) ou helped to finish " " Ah, just so, that business has turned out not so bad as it looked at first things are coming round beautifully The swag I lost has swelled to rift) times the size, and I'll have m) revenge, too, as sweet and large as I could wish " " You mean on the girl upstairsJ ' Dick nodded, while ms pig e) es gleamed with a lurid flash. " Why are you so savage on her ? I thought it was the young fellow >ou have )our knife m " "So it is," hissed Dick ferocious!). "But don't you see I get at him through her. ¡she's his sweet- heart " "Well?" " Welll you didn't used to be so stupid, lie will be told she's dead, and he'll believe it There's a stab for him " " To cut in sharp and keen onl) for a time. He 11 get over it and marr) another " " Not he lou've no idea how soft he is on her Ha)es tells me it will cut him up for life Then if a thin skin should at some time come on the cut, I may manage to let lum know the truth, and that 1 had power over the girl here, and tortured her body and soul till death came to end her mi'ery Oh, how he'll writhe at that Trust me, Moll, I'll get ni) îe venge on both of them-ha, ha- the fullest revenge a man could wish for She wants to know why l'v e brought her here, does she ? So she shall, she shall know all now-all, Moll, and won t it take the hope out of her, and put the agony in ? Oh, )es, to-mor- row 111 tell her ever) thing I\o need for keeping her longer in the dark Wh), I fancy she 11 find the dark was easier to bear than the light 1 ill up old lass, and lot us drink to our good luck aud jollifica- tion in this old rook of a building Dick here tossed off his brimming glass at a draught, and Moll was not slow to follow his example, though in smaller measure The f ict was he intended to make up for the enforced abstinence of the last few months, and this being the first night of real and complete hbert), he was abandoning himself to its full enjo)inent in the brutish wav which suited him He was now at the stage of loquacity, and as near to sentiment as a nature like his could approach " Ah," be resumed, " talking of this old place, Moll, little did 1 think I should ever see it again 1 know it well, old lass, every stick and stone about it This here kitchen, now, manv'sthe romp f< eil and Í have had in it Poor Nell ! I nev cr was as good as her. Moll-never The old hum-drum life did not suit me, and I left it 1 think 1 see the old folks now. Father used to sit in this chair, and mother in the one you have Ihey were vastl) dif- ferent from ) ou and me, Moll, d ye hear that old lass P-vastly different " " Oh, shut up," returned Moll, snappishly This was a comparison she did not like, for it sent her thoughts also back to a time of innocence and virtue-to a bright and peaceful time beyonlthe dark gulf which for ever separated her from a pure and guileless ) outh, and the THEN and NOW were so fearfull) in contiast that it was better to shut out the memory of the former. Therefore she called on Dick to " shut up." " Eas) for you to say 'shut up,' "he rejoined, the drink now taking fast hold of 'um-"a devilish easy thing for you, I say , but if )ou were in in) shoes Moll, you'd feel a bit, I can tell )ou. Things have | come up in my mind to- night at sight of the old place as have not been there for ) ears I'll get used to it, and they'll go again, but just at first they come upon me, and everything I look at brings them clearer and clearer Oh, there's a lot come and gone since I s it in this same kitchen I was a saint then Moll, com- pared to what I am now " " Better turn saint again," «aid Moll, with a sneer " No, oh no Can't do it if I would, and wouldn't if I could Hang it, no I've gone in for the jolly thing, and I mean to stick to it D')e hear that, old Mothet Crimp ? I-I shan't show the white feather Not a bit on it Another glasa ' Ha, ha ! this it the thing for me and-to the devil with-with-cant -and-and-that sort of thing " Here the power of utteranc» failed, and Dick slid from his seat upon the floor helpl essly drunk When he had Blept of the first effects of the debauch, he gathered himself up and staggered off >o bed, where his debased companion had airead) preceded him. (To be eontmutd J 