Felo »e Sc» . . (From the Globe}; - At a titne when nuicides, with or without murder, are unhappily so common as to form almost tho staple of nows, it is not an untimely' reSection that ve'rdicto of fclo de se are becoming singularly rare. Though the British joryman may be impeivioDB to modern theories of- homi- cidal tnonia, ho usually adopts tho supposed charitable view of tbo state of .a, suicido-.aDj practically accepts the crime as evidence of insanity, instead of requiring proof of mental disease 60 as to asplain it. No hnrin, he afgueB,' can follow from this course, add rfadtiy peraong. already wretched ard spared the additional unhappiness of bnvihg a relative or' friend con signed to the earth ignominiouBly. We will not consider' wheiher the light in which suicide is commonly regarded by the British 'ijniryofjn.'i* quite oolourlesB or not. Oar present .condefn is with those peculiarities connected with tho burial of sel^murderorB, whioh chiefly .makebim jnolino to mercy. For althoughnpeuioide during the last half oentury. bos .found, his grave* : : ' '. . . ;. Where tlie cross roads met, :;! ' '' i With a stnko in hisinsido.'- ;' '? L- '? ?' iho body of the gelfVmUr'dererriB' still committed to the' earth with'Bome marks 'of degradation, Vvhioh, in the eyes of. the vulgar, are-rendered worso by the 'teoolleotion of' the old'ciistdm.'' ' The last persou buried -in -BriglBpd. at cross roads was a wretched parricide and Buicido namfed Griffi'hs. ' At two o'clock of a June, mbrtiipg,' 1872, he was buried in tbo . presence of n con siderable couconrse of -people atjbe plaoo whorpv Eatbp- streot, tiroByenor-piaoe/ arid' thV' King's' road prpased, ., AlthoBgh the oerempny, of driyingr aitakd through hia body Was omitted, 'the, di^ guating exhibition within a short dis'tduoe of whero Parliament was sitting drew attention .to tho state of the law, and a few days afterwards' the ' Aot-. now' io foroo was .'passed,-, and '.the recurrenoe 'of such a horrible eoano prevented., Vet this old custom, wbich to us is hideous, or/at least; such portion as wa3 pure cnatom, seoms to havo had-ita origin- ia aentimeciB of mercy nnd kindness. The common law\ouly. declared; that the suioide Bhould be ioteired in sotno street or road. The. ecclesiastical law only declared thai tho burial '8bould; bo unnccompaoied by any religious ceremony. All the rest,' tho cross road and the stake, wore matters of pure custom — though of, custom so ancient that they. had almost; gained the force of law— and have puzzled anti quaries to acoojint for. their origin. As to the selection of ,oro3£-roads for interment, there oofi be little doubt that the intention was to take the place next in sanctity to consecrated ground, arid that it wus -popularly felt that to somo' extent a grave ot a cross i road was wiibiri fbe-sbadow of the holy emblem. The origin of tho stake is more inexplicable. Spmo years, ogo^o. writer in Notes and Queries suggested that the pustpms. might havo been oounected with ono ; whioh obtained- amongst the- Northern nations, .and' eaptoiallj in Greenland, na late as the 12th century, of burying- a man ob the lands where^ he died, and sotting a stake up over the breast of the oorpse. When a prioat came afterwards to the spot, the stake was; withdrawn and holy water poured into the hole. But it is more likely the stake came to be driven through the body ino'tder to prevent the spirit of (he unhappy being.. laid, in unconsecrated. groundi froin ? walking the earth, to his own discomfort and the .great- fear ,on ordinary' mortals. Bememboriog the , force of popular Biiperetition, it is not neoessary to seek further for the origin of this ancient custom. Stakes plantod under each peculiar oircumatancoa have sometimes struck root and become flourish ing trees. There ia,' or wns lately, one' such near Boston, in Lincolnshire, and another at Cbalvingtoo, in Sussex. ' In Jtbe latter 'instance^ indeed, a few years ogo the, suicide's tkeloton was-: found on digging .amongst the, roots of th'e:'tree. It is unnecessary to repeat too tales told through-' out the oountry Bide respecting such uncanny' spots!. 'Where*' a stake has thus thrivon and prospered, its priginal _purpose has failed, and tbo folk-lore of. the neighborhood |b oloar.that the 'tpitit of the eelf-murdoreP 6till 'walks.' ??'?; ? It ia strange to find. . how. -strong 8 hold these old superstitions, still 'have' on' 'people; living in q.uiot places.'.' So.i'a'tely ,8.8.1864 a riot took 'place.: 'at Scone from the efforts; made by ^a 'mob of: 'women :to compel .tbe; 'coffin . pf . a, onioide to hef taken into the kirkyard over the wall- instead of ihr'tfugh the' gate.'' i;Tbei'women'! boliev.ed i'tha'f If jt came in in the ordinary, way tbe first womaa '' kirked' woold ' shbrtly' aft6r; her marriage, ioemmit Buioide, and tile first ohiW-xhiiatoned; wonld meet tb^ same ' -nd- ' before if was ( eig!^ years, old..,' Such ?feoIirigaVand ideas' linger' In !romoi^di8tricts generations after they have died font in large town's. '' Many' people; in England, iprance, and Germany fltill have a dim sort !of belief in vtitcWaft ?? and ghosts, and feel !atsnred that they roan 'ward off, evil by wearing a i ':chnrm' oi-- :'by-' hammoriirg a- horeosboei to-;a Btablo;dpor.' It ^will -be many . a day: ' before modern eniightenmont has altogether dissipated these delusions; The sohoolniaster effects innob but ho caiwot at oncb roplaca old customs and notions by a soientifia' view of the world, FeeMpg till eomeiimeB oliogB to what the understanding taajF rejoot. , ^f^^^. 