CHAPTER IV. W0BK1NQ TN THB DARK. In bis room at the' Charing Cross Hotel, Robert Hawksley sat alone by the open window, smoking his meerschaum,' and waiting for his daughter's coming with that grave patience that long habit had made second nature. Crowds passed to and fro on the pavement below, the bright May sunshine gilding every face. Very fresh those rose and white English faces looked in the clear light-how thoroughly English the women were, with their bright bloom, their fair skin. He had seen hundreds of American women in Northern cities, with their delicate, wax-like beauty, their Palistan dresses and gay Parisian manners, and had admired them from afar off, but here be felt as though he bad brothers'and sisters and home. Why had he not braved the worst and returned long ago ? He wondered at himself now as he looked back. Why had he not defied all their treachery and base- ness, "and torn that day, at the very altar, bia wife from Sir Vane Charteris' arms ? " Ia it fate ?" he thought. " Is Our path beaten for us at our birth, and must we walk straight along willy-nilly to the appointed end ? In a fe w moments I shall see 'my daughter-mine-I who for nearly five-and-twenty years have been a houseless, friend- less, solitary man, and perhaps find her in spite of her letters, in spite of all I have heard, cold and selfish and worldly." There was a tap at the door at the moment, and a waiter entered. " A lady to see Mr. Hawksley," he announced ; and then » stately figure appeared close behind bim, veiled and simply dressed, but looking a "lady" from the crown of her head to the sole of her foot. The 'waiter disappeared, closing; the door behind him. i Robert Hawksley arose, laying down his pipe-the lady flung back her veü, and father and daughter stood faca to face. ' For the space of five seconds they stood in dead silence looking at each other. She saw a man brorlzed and weather-beaten, but handsomer and nobler it seemed to her than any other man she bad ever known-save one. He saw a beautiful and graceful young lady, with soft, sapphire eyes, and gold bronze.hair rippling low over that broad, white brow, with sweet, .sensitive lips, and a little curved, spirited chin. They were strikingly alike, too-eyes, hair, fea- tures-the most casual observer might have told the relationship. He smiled-a smile of great content passed over Colonel Hawksley's bearded lips, and be came for- ward with both hands outstretched. "Paulina! my daughter!" "My father!" He drew ber to him, and kissed the pure white brow, and the first meeting was over without «cenes or exclamations. I suppose it is only on the stage new- found relatives fling themselves into each others arms with ecstatic screams. In real life, when we feel deeply, our actions and words are apt to be quiet and commonplace in exact proportion. She took the seat he offered her, away from the window, and waited for him to speak. On all ordinary occasions Miss Lisle was never at a loss for plentyto say lor herself, but just now her lips were quivering and ber heart was full, and no words came. ' Ile was the more composed and self possessed of the two. " Earlscourt gave you my letter F" She started with a sort of shock, that that name should be almost the first word from his lips. " What'a surprise it must have been to you !" " A very great-a very glad surprise. I can only regret you aid not tell me all long ago." " What good would it have dohe ?" " This r her eyes firing up, "that Sir Vane Char- teris should never bave shut my muther up in a madhouse. By some means or other I would bave rescued ber long ago." "Were you much surprised when you heard your mother's name?" "No. I think not, and yet I never Buspected. How strange-how strange it all is ! I never saw much of her, but I liked her exceedingly. And to think Sir Vane Charteris knew that I WSB her daughter all those years. " How. has he treated you, Paulina-harshly ?" Miss Lisle lifted her imperial head with a haughty gesture. " He dare not I I would endure harshness, from no guardian alive. In one instance only did he ever try to coerce me, and I baffled bim in that»" Her face gloomed over as she spoke. Had not that instance in which she bad baffled him embit bered ber whole life. " He did !" her father said ; " your letters never told me, Paulina." " No," with a sigh ; " of what use would it have been-you could not have helped me. I fought my own battle and won." < I " He wished you to marry some one he had chosen for you-for your fortune, no doubt f i "He wished me to marry Lord Montalien. From what motive, I do not know. Lord Montalien, with fifteen thousand a year of his own, could scarcely wish to marry me for mv fortune." " Lord Montalien 1 What ! Guy's elder brother ?" " Mr. Earlscourt's elder brother." Robert Hawksley looked at her searchingly. The proud, pale face, very soft and -sweet a moment since, had grown hard and set at the memory of that past time. " And you would not P You did not*«ïare for him?" " I not only did not care for him-one- might get over that-I hated him. I believed him to have wronged a friend I loved very dearly-I would have died a thousand times sooner than marry him." He was watching her still-a grave smile upon his face. " I wonder if that hatred extends to Guy ? I hope not, for I have grown as fond of him as though he .were my own son." Her face flushed all over-a deep, painful, burning red. . " I have no reason to dislike Mr. Earlscourt," she answered, the words coming with an effort; "he did me a great service once-a service few men would have rendered." " Ton must have been equally astonished and de- lighted when he appeared so suddenly before you last night at the Countess of Damar's ball." ".Very much surprised, beyond a doubt, since I thought him dead. Do you not know that his death was announced' many months ago in one of the American papers you sent me ?" " I did not know it. And you really thought him dead until he appeared like a ghost before y<«u. Not that Guy much resembles a ghost at present. It was as close,a thing as ever I saw-he bad half a hun- dred wounds, and fought through the campaign like a lion. It was while he lay sick in tbe hospital, al- most to death, that I found your picture in a locket attached to his watch-chain, and discovered that be knew you, and was a countryman." That deep flush rose up once more on Paulina's fair face. "My picturel" she said. "How came he by that? I certainly never give it to bim." " He told me as much afterwards-owned that he purloined it as a souvenir of England and you, to carry into his exile. Ab, he is a brave, lad, and a gallant one. He saved my life once at the risk of his own." "Tell me about it-father." ' Her voice was strangely soft and tremulous-her face drooped forward on ber father's shoulder, some- thing vague and sweet stirring in ber heart; ' It was a theme Robert Hawksley liked well-the young man had grown as dear to him as a son. He told her, while the moments went by, stories of his bravery, of his generosity, of his genius, of his irre- proachable life-of BOW nobly he had redeemed the past. " I believe, at the worst, his greatest crimes were but the thoughtless follies of youth. Guy Earls- court has the noblest nature of any man I know. He couW not stoop to do a mean or dastardly thing. His comrades idolized him- hi« officers respected him. I believe he is a true genius, and destined to make a shining mark in the literature of his day." An interval of silence followed-his daughter's face was still bidden, but it was to hide the tears that were falling now. And this waa the man she thought capable of sell- ing his manhood for her money-the man who had sacrificed his life to save ber from his brother ! "I don't see the need of our spending the first hours of our meeting in talking altogether of Earls- court-fine fellow though he be. It strikes me I should like to hear something of yourself." She lifted her face, and laughed a little bitterly. " A most unprofitable subject. I am a fashionable lady, wrapped np in dressing, dancing, driving rather a striking contrast to tbe sort of life you have been speaking of." "And engaged to the Marquis of Heatberland?" " No." " No ? Why, I saw in the Morning Post-" " Very likely-still ' even the press is not infal- lible. Such an engagement did exist-but it bas ceased." " It bas ceased ! May I ask-since when ?" She flinched a little under his grave, steady, kindly eyes. " Since last night" "Hid you love Lord Heatherland, my daughter? The world speaks well of him." " And he deserves all the world can say-he is one of the best men I ever knew. But-I never loved bim. I don't know that I ever loved any one-that I am capable of it. I am hard, and selfish, and worldly, and ambitious, and all evil things-un- worthy to be any good man's wife. I shall never ? marry-you- neBd not look at me irr* that way-I mean it Hy engagement with Lord Heatherland has ceased-what I am now I will go to my grave. When we find my mother-ah ! why should we talk of anything but her?-we three will leave this Lon- don life, and all pertaining to it and grow old, in peace, somewhere out of the world.'' Her voice gave way in a sort of sob. Not capable of loving any one, when she knew that she loved Guy EarlscouTt dearly-dearly, and that she had loved him from the first-ay, in the daya when Allan Fane, the artist bad whiied away in her company that rosy summer eight/years frone. " Let as talk of ray mother," she repeated. " What do yon propose to do-how to find her ?" " The most skilled detectives of Scotland Tard must do that Can you, living under the same roof with Sir Vane Charteris, throw no light on the place of her concealment ?" " I am afraid not ; and yet," Paulina said, thought- fully, " perhaps I can. I have repeatedly asked him, and so has Maud-his own daughter, you know-to take us to see her, but his answer waa invariably a refusal. It was no sight for young girls, he said. Once Maud told me, in confidence, she thought her mother was confined somewhere at Chiswick, in a private asylum there. At least it is a duo-you might follow it up." " I wilL If she is in England, it should not be BO hard to find her. My poor Olivia t what has she not suffered all her life lang? Can anything in the future, ever atone to her for the past ?" " Let us hope so, my father. If we can only find her, I am quite sure we can make her happy. You are certain," hesitatingly, "Sir Vane Charteris can- not invalidate your marriage ?" " Quite certain-it is beyond dispute. I shall set detectives on the track at once, and remain quietly here to await events. Can you come to see me often, Paulina, or will it inconvenience you too much ?" " I shall come to see you every day at this hour, if you like. I am in every way my own mistress, free to come and go as I choose. And now, as it is close upon two o'clock, I think I had better return. They might possibly fall to wondering what had become of me. He led her to the door, and they parted with a hand-clasp. He was never demonstrative, and her relationship was new as yet to Paulina. As she drew her veil over her face and turned to descend, Mr. Earlscourt came sauntering up, looking very handsome in his careless morning costume. Ile removed his hat, bpwed in silence, and passed on into the apartment of his friend. Miss lisle reached horne in time for luncheon. There were always three or four droppers-in for that repast under the baronef B hospitable roof, and Pau- lina found the subject under discussion to be the un- expected return of Guy Earlscourt. "Lucky beggar 1 always fell upon his feet, and writes books and makes pots of money. Wish I could write books. All the women throwing them- selves at his head already-Lady Edith Clive last night, and now you, Miss Charteria. Why couldn't the fellow stay where he Was, and marry a Yankee ? Here's Miss Lisle- let's "Bear what she says. Miss Lisle, Miss Charteris says Earlsconrt's the handsomest man in London. Your taste is indisputable, what is your opinion ?" " Beatty, Mr. Challis, I have not thought sufficiently upon the subject to form an opinion. One cannot decide so important a question, and award the palm of masculine beauty all in a moment." r "AU in a moment!" exclaimed Maud! "Why, Paulina, yôft knew Gay sgea ago, down in Lincoln- shire, and when you first came out-or was it before you came out hera in London ? And I'm sure, last night you and he bad quite an interesting conversa- tion to judge from your looks just before we left. Mr. Challis says Lady Edith Clive made love to bim for the rest of the night" " So she did," pursued Mr. Challis ; " so the women always did, even when the fellow was going straight to the dogs. So will yon all-don't tell me-I know you. Ëarlscourt'a clever,and deucedlygood-looking, and the fashioo, and may have his pick and choice before the season ends. He ought to go in for the Lady Edith ; her fortune ia something immense." " Yes," said Mrs. Galbraith, " he's very handsome and clever, and fascinating, always was, and has just that sort of reputation which makes all romantic girls lose their beads at once. But my dear girls, don't either of you ever be mad enough to fall in love with a literary man. The wives of men of genius are the most miserable creatures under the sun. Sid you ever read the life of Haydon ? And if so, you compassionated poor Mrs. Haydon, I hope. Look at Lady Byron, Lady Bulwer, hosts of them, ' always the sams story- private misery - public separation. The reason is plain enough. The affec- tions of your men Of great talent are not centred on wife and home, like those of commonplace men. The painted canvas on their easel, the blotted manu- script in their desk, are nearer and dearer to them than wife or child. Marry a man without two ideas in his head, and his heart in the right place, and you will stand a better chance of happiness than with so brilliant a literary meteor as Gay Earlscourt" " Quite an eloquent speech, Aunt Eleanor," com- mented Maud, " and true, no doubt-though where your experience of men of genius cornea from I don't know. Uncle Ralph was never overburdened with brains, from all I've heard of him. And in spite of your warning, I think I should prefer a little mild melancholy as the wife of Mr. Earlscourt to the perfect bliss you speak of with a man ' who has not two ideas in bis bead/" Her voice and face softened aa ahe pronounced the name with a linger- ing tenderness, and a faint flush rose up in her pale face. Evidently it was a case of love at first sight. Paulina's eyea flashed, and a resentful jealous feeling came into her heart. What right had Maud Charteris to talk of being his wife ? " Earlscourt will have none of you," said the young gentleman who had first appealed to Miss Lisle. " I met him at Fane's studio this morning Fane, the artist yon know. Somebody chaffed bim about the execution his beautiful eyes and last book . .had wrought with Lady Edith-she has been able to talk of nothing else since its publication. He laughed at first-then grew serious. ' It is nothing of course,' he said ; ' Lady Edith does me the honor to fancy my book, perhaps, but I wish ifrto be understood I am not going to marry. I am as much vowed to celibacy as though I wore the Templar's Cross. I shall marry no one! And by Jovel he said it, you know, as though he meant it." Paulina's face flnsbed-her heart throbbed vio- lently. Ob, what had she done?-what had she done t ' . " Yes," said Mrs. Galbraith ; " Mr. Earlscourt is a very clever man, and a reader of human nature. Such a declaration is all tint is needed to throw over him a halo of mystery and romance, and make him simply irresistible. You don't speak, Paulina ; what are you thinking of ?" " I am thinking bow exceedingly kind it is of Mr. Earlscourt to put us on our guard," Paulina answered, with tbat bitterness which was always in her tone when she spoke of Guy; "he is such a dazzling jigbt that we all, poor moths, must inevitably be scorched to death if he had not warned us away. I suppose your hero is no more conceited than most men, Maud-be only shows it a little more plainly. Why not advertise at once in the Times: ' The ladies of England are hereby warned not to bestow their affections upon the undersigned, as he is quite unable to reciprocate, and intends to make none of them happy by the offer of his heart and hand.' " She arose as she spoke, angry at herself for the vehemence with which she had spoken. " How you do hate him, Paulina, dear, don't you P". said Maud. " He never jilted you, did he ? At Mrs.' Atcherly's, for instance, six years ago, when you and he were surprised toget her in the ante-room, and poor auntie here was so angry ?" The random shot went straight home. Paulina turned of a dead whiteness from brow to chin. She tried to reply, but her voice failed. The others looked at her in surprise. " He did jdt you then 1 " Maud would have liked to say, but she was afraid. There was that when shs was moved in Miss Lisle's face that always awed Miss Charteris. There was a little, very awkward panse then Sir Vane came in,«nd the conversation turned upon something else-Paulina quietly leaving the room. Maud's suspicions were aroused ; and from that hour she determined to watch Paulina and Guy Earlscourt when they met. They met night after night, and day after day now-and jealousy had made the small, black eyes sharp-sighted. It was love at first sight with poor Maud. The dusky splendor of Guys dark face, his tall, graceful figure his reputation as a hero out there in America-all had dazzled and won her. Long ago-he had been fond of her-good to her-down at Montalien-if there were nothing between Paulina and him, surely shs might hope. Mr. Earlscourt had made np his mind not to re enter society upon his return to London. He hid learned how hollow and empty it all was-he bad learned a healthier kind of life in the past six years. But he found himself quite a " lion," the hero of_tbe day, society sought him-crowds of mvitatiorJs Soured in upon him from the highest in the land, [any'were old friends whom be could not well re- fuse. So he said to himself, half-ashamed of his yielding; but was that solely the reason? Wherever he went, be saw the proud, beautiful face of the girl who was his wife. His wife ! what a pang-half pain, half remorse-it gave him ! He should not have taken advantage of that hour of madness, when she had besought him to save her-when, carried away by the excitement of the private theatricals, she had become his wife. It was blighting her life, he could see. She hated him, and took little pains to conceal it Night after night he left those gay assemblies where she shone a queen by right divine of her peerless beauty and grace, vowing in his pas- sion never to return, and yet when to-morrow came, the temptation to look once more upon that perfect face, though colder than marble to him, was irresisti- ble, and he yielded. And she never dreamed, in the remotest way, how, with his whole strong heart snd for the first time in his life,' he was growing to love her. His face, the long training of his life, kept his secret well. She saw him petted, caressed, the brightest eyes, the sweetest lips in the land smiling upon him, knew that he studiously avoided herself; was calm and courteous, and indifferent when they met, and knew no more. "Walls of pride, stronger than adamant, held those two haughty spirits asunder-were likely so to hold them their lives long. Miss LiBle was almost as much an object of in- terest to society just now as Guy himself. She bad broken off her engagement with the Marquis of Heatherland at the eleventh hour-positively re- fusing the best match of the «eason-and a pro- spective duke. Lord Heatherland had gone abroad, but before his departure be had taken care to let the clubs and the drawing-rooms of Belgravia know that it was by Miss Lisle's own express desire the match had been broken. "I admira her above all women, and I always shall," had been his words. " It is the great misfor- tune of my life that she cannot care for me strongly enough to be my wife." It created a profound sensation. People said very hard things of Miss Lisle behind her back, called her a heartless jilt, who would end, no doubt, as she de- served, by being an old maid. But they looked upon her with new interest as a woman capable of tramp- ling under foot a ducal coronet ; and the beautiful heiress was more sought after than ever. Nearly a fortnight had passed. She visited her father every day-but her mother's hiding place bad not yet been discovered. She mat Guy perpetually day and night and with the rest of the world saw the marked preference Lady Edith Clive showed him. They rarely spoke-a formal bow in passing was the only greeting they exchanged, but in her heart she knew she was intensely jealous. He could not, would not, marry the Lady Edith ; her secret now and forever was safe, but who waa to tell he might not learn to love her. She grew restless and miser- able-the world began to say she was regretting the step she had taken with the marquis-that she was approaching five-and-twenty, and growing quite faded and paste. Sha was sick at Jieart-sick body - and soul, longing unspeakably fortis Dour when her mother might be found, and she herself free to quit England and him forever. It was close upon the last of the second week, that, making her morning visit to her father, she found him pacing up and down his hotel sitting-room flushed, excited, anxious, r " You have found herí" was Paulina's first cry as she looked upon his face. He had found her-or rather the detective in his employ had. The private asylum wat at Cfaeswick he held the address in his band-Lady Charteria waa in tolerably good health, both mentally and bodily, and the medical superintendenJÇhad been expecting the baronet every day for~t&e;~pa8t three weeks to come and take his wife home. Th« asylum waa a thoroughly respectable institution, and Lady Char- teris, he had lea/ned, was almost entirely restored, and ready at any moment to leave. \- Yon mint go to Cheswick at once, Paulina," her rather said, " You will introduce yourself as the pa- tient's daughter, sent by Sir Vane, to bring her home. Here is a note I have written-a pretty good imitation of his handwriting, I think, in which he says, illneSB prevents his accompanying you. You most loss no time-I have arranged everything. When you quit the asylum, you will take the first train for Lincolnshire. Go to your old friend, Duke Mason's-I will follow. On the way yon can break to her the news of my arrival- prepare her to meet me at the cottage. Once there, and with me, let Sir Vane Charteris claim her ii he dare 1" Paulina listened breathlessly-took the note, and and entered the cab her father called. Ten minutes, and «he was speeding along rapidly Cheswick-waxd, fully prepared for the part she bad to play. The part was so easy, it required little duplicity to go through with it. Miss Lisle met the medical superintendent, and announced, herself a« .Lady Cbarteris's daughter. She gave bim ber father's forged note-be read it as a matter of course bowed low before the stately, beautiful woman, and led ber at once to his patient. Paulina's heart beat fast How was she to tell her mother might not betray her in her first surprise ? She paused as the doctor was about to open the door. " Stop," she said ; " my mother has not seen me for many years. The shock may be too much for her. Ho you go in, and tell her I am here, and let us meet quite alone." ' " As you please. Miss Charteris," the polite »aperinr tendent said ; " you can wait here." He ushered her into a sunny apartment. She stood, her back turned to the door, looking out of the win- dow, trying to calm ber rapid heart throbbing. She was not kept waiting long. In three minutes tbe door opened, ebe turned slowly round-mother and daughter stood alone together] Those six years of misery and imprisonment had done their work upon the wife of Robert Lisle. Her face had blanched to a dead, waxen whiteneat-her golden bair had turned to silver. The- great black eyes looked out from the bloodless face with a frightened, terrified appeal. She stood on the threshold irresolute-trembling-she did not recog- nize this tall, Juno-like young lady with the lovely face and large, pitying blue eyas. " Are .you, she faltered ; " no, you are not Maud." She drew away trembling violently.all over. " I don't know'you," she said ; " did he »end you ber* F* Paulina came over, put ber strong young arms about her, and looked down into that frightened faca with a brave, loving smile. " I am not Maud," Bhe whispered, with a kiss ; " I am Paulina Lisle-mother- dear, little, suffering mother. No, don't cry out, you will spoil all. I have come to take you away, and Sir Vane Charteris knows nothing about it. Don't wait to ask questions now -and be calm -don't excite suspicion. I am -going to-take you away-the doctor thinks I am Sir Vane's daughter-don't undeceive bim. Go, get ready at once-every second is precious, and bo calm-for all our sakes try and be calm " She was calmer than Paulina bad hoped. Her eye* lit up-hope flashed over her face. " I will," «he answered firmly ; '< wait for me here." She left the room-in tea minute» «be waa back, accompanied by the medical man. " I can safely pronounce Lady Charteris perfectly restored, Miss Charteris," he said, blandly. " I told Sir Vane JO, weeks ago, and have! been expecting bim daily. Amusement and change of air ia all she re- quires now. And bow about the luggage V *? " You will wait until Sir Vane visits you in per- son," Paulina said, quietly, drawing her mother's arm within her own. " He will probably be sufficiently restored by to-morrow." They were at the door-she could hardly credit bar own success. The bland superintendent bowed low, as he bade adieu to the baronet's beautiful daughter, and assisted my lady into the cab. The moment after they were whirling away far from the asylum, where, for six long years, toiat poor, pal« woman had -been incarcerated. Paulina leaned forward to give the drive» his or- der, then she turned and. clasped again that weak frail form in ber arms. " You look bewildered, darling mother-ob, bow easy, how natural the Dame «ornes ! It ia sufficient to bewilder' you, or me, the rapidity with whjob this bas been managed. I know all, you see-that you are my mather-everything. Wbo do you think has fold me ?" She kissed again, with a smile, the appealing face-" my father." .f Your-father!" ' "And your husband-your only, your rightful hus- band, mother-Robert Lisle." She clasped her wasted; hands-she tried once or twice before the words she wanted to say would quit her pallid lips " Robert-my Robert ! ha is aUva still."!. . / " Alive and well, dear mother; and-now try and bear good newa, as bravely as you have borne mis- fortune-coming home to claim yon." There was a faint, low cry-Paulina drew her closer to her, and kissed ber again and again. ," Poor little mother I Yes-coming borne to claim you. You are hi» wife, yon know-r-be, has the right -that wicked baronet, none. He is coming-mother ! mother ! think of that.1" " Paulina,", her mother said, with a «ort of «ny, "As is here !" For all answer Paulina held her closer. " Tell me," Olivia said, " tell me, Paulina-I can bear-to hear such joyful news-Robert is bera !" " My father is here. Nothing can eyer come be- tween you and him again." Ï Her mother fell back, nearly fainting. Paulina caught both hands, and looked straight, almost sternly, into her eyes. t , "Mother, if you faint I' will never forgive' you. You have a journey to take- we are going down to Lincolnshire to Duke Mason's. My father wilt fol- low by the next train. Then X -gita you laave-to faint if you will insist upon it. Meantime I am going to fasten this veil over your ince-there is no telling whom we may meet at the station." » « » » « * t #-#,.,» Hy one of the fatalities which rule our lives, and which we term chance, Sir Vane Charteris bad chosen that very day to remove his unfortunate captive from the asylum' to another prison. She had been, received in all good faith-sha was insane moat likely for the time, and for weeks after her entrance raved'in delirium of a brain fever. Upon her reco- very she bad been at times wildly excited, demand- ing to be released, crying out she was no wifo of Sir Vane's, and never had been, that her true husband had been in America. At other times she would lapse into sullen despair and gloom, and pass whole days in speechless misery. So the first years had gone. Of late, however, even the people of tha asylum became convinced of her perfect sanity, anti ¿be physician bad repeatedly urged the baronet to~re¿ move his wife-to take her abroad, and give bar amusement and change of air. Sir Vane bad de- layed doing so to the last possible moment» At last a happy thought struck bim. He- would tit up Tbe Firs for her reception, employ a thoroughly unprin- cipled and trustworthy woman to take care of ber, and leave ber to drag oat tbe remainder ot ber wretched existence in the dreary desolation of that desolate coast. It was bleak, sea fog and east winds were abundant, the house was damp and draughty death, no doubt, wonld speedily rid bim of a bated incumbrance. He longed intensely for her death, and the sole reversion of her fortúnete Maud-the time was very near he thought now. He drove up to the asylum in a four-wheeled cab -he meant to take his wife straight to Essex. He was admitted, and met the doctor in the hall. "What!" the superintendent exclaimed. "Sir Vane, so soon after his messenger? And your note said you were ill. Yours baa been a «peedy re- covery." " What note ? I don't understand you. I have come for my wife." " Tour wife! My dear Sir Vane, of course you know your wife has gone." '" < - " Gone !" The baronet started- back blankly. " Gone !" Ho you mean dead V "Heaven forbid! Lady Charteris' health, consi- dering all things, is remarkably good; Is it possible -but no, I cannot have been doped. Here is your own note demanding her release." He banded tbe baronet the note Paulina bad given bim with an injured air. Sir Vane read it through, turning the hue of ashes, with mingled amaze and rage. " This note is a forgery. I never wrote it-so poor a forgery, too, that'I am amazed anyone could be Btupid enough to be deceived by it wbo ever saw my hand. Do you mean to tell me, Dr. Harding, that Lady Charteris bas left your asylum ?" " Left an hour ago," replied the doctor sullenly. "With whom?" \- " Tbe bearer of that note." " Who was the bearer of this note ?" ~ His thoughts'flew to Lord Montalien-to Lord Montalien, who never forgot norforgarO, and who fully meant to place the paper be held in Olivia's hand, should he ever succeed m finding ber. "A young lady-your daughter." i »i " My daughter ! Impossible !" "She announced herself as Lady Charteris' daugh- ter-the same thing, I take it»" " Will you tell me what she was like f I left my daughter Maud ill at home of a headache," ' ' - " She waa tall, the finest figure and.moat classically ' beautiful face I ever saw. She had dark blas eyes, and gold brown bair, and the manners of a lady in waiting." i ¡ . "Paulina!" the baronet cried, under his breath ; "the very last person I should ever think of. Do you knew which way they drove upon leaving; here, Harding ?" "(Sty-ward-I know no more. Do you really mean to toll me, Sir Vane, there ia anything wrong about all this ?" "Every thing is wrong. It is an infernal.plot. You have been a fool, and I am a ruined man." With that answer Sir Vane-strode out of the house. Where could Paulina possibly have takenher mother T How she had found her he did not then step to inquire. He thought over the people he knew in London ; except the. Atcherlys there was not a family whom be could imagine ber taking the sick lady to. A sudden, swift inspiration flashed upon him. " Shell take her to Uncolnshira, to bei old home, of course. She would never attempt to keep her in London. To think that girl has been rilottmg against me, for months, perhaps, and I never suspected it" He looked at his watch.-an expresq. train would leave in an hour. He gave the driver his orcfer,*and fell back in the cab to think. Not pleasant thoughts by any means. If Paulina took her to Speckhaven, Lord Montalien, at present at the Priory, would hear of it at once, and band over the paper which; impli- cated him for bigamy. His marriage could easily be Eroved illegal, Maud illegitimate, and tbe fortuna he ad coveted so, go absolutely to. Robert Lis,«'« daughter. ' " Curse her I" he muttered j " why did I_not poison her when she was in my power ?" He reached the London terminus, and was about to make enquiries concerning the passenger's hythe mail which bad left two boura before. Paulina'« commanding beauty and peculiar'grace could not fail to attract the attertion of the officials, even at a crowded London railway-station. B at the question« be would have asked died upon his lips, as he ap- proached the ticket-office, for standing there taking j his ticket, was a man he knew well. A man he had not seen for close upon a quarter of a century, but whom, in «pite of flowing beard, of foreign bronze, of the slouched sombrero, he knew at once-Robtrt LisU! He drew back among the crowd. All was clear", now. Robert Lisle had como back, a rich man, ao doubt, to chum his wife, and expose the villany that held them apart so long. Of what use was it to foi-" low' now-the game was up- Lord Montalieb's re- venge was all that was needed for his exposure and disgrace. And yet ha .determined to follow-to eee the play played out-to face hi« fate without flinch- ing. Ha took bia ticket, and bia place in a different compartment from that of Robert Lisle, and London was left behind like a smoky dream. Into the fresh country, where the young grass and cowslip were bright-into the rustic heart of Lin -colnshire, the exDress train flew. It was clos« upon six, and-the afternoon son ws» slanting westward as they rushed into the Speckhaven station. /Still keeping oat of sight, the baronet watched hi" rival. Robert Lisle took a fly-tbe baronet took «nether remaining weih in the rear. Duke Mason'« house waa the destination of the foremost, toe other foi lowed. Robert Lisle sprang out and entered the little garden gate, with rapid steps approaching the house. Sir Vane Charteris also dismounted-also entered the garden andapproached. The house door was open-he. heard a woman's > shrill scream-his wife's voice he knew, and hurried nearer, and stood looking in. He saw a very striking picture. Duke Mason and his sister stood apart-Paulina i Was in the middle of the floor, and standing near her was Robert Lisle and the woman who had been his I wife in the eyes of the world for so many years, lying I still and senseless rn his arms. J To be continued.) 