UNITED STATES. . Tho Women's Whisky War is still a topic of groat interest in the American, journals; In Buffalo a shrewd dealer got a notice pub- fished that his saloon was to he visited, and in this wav drew a liuue crowd, who con sumed a vast amount of liquor while waiting for the women to come . No ladiea put in appearance, and the crowd, ultimately dis covering the hoax, dispersed, in Indianc- polis a dealer employed an orohestra to drown the prayer meeting, tut it was Ineffectual, :.nd be finally let ont a couple of tame bears at eight of which the ladies beat a hasty re treat.- Throwing pepper in the stove is a common trick, and always dissolves the prayer-meetings. At Piqus, Ohio, a bar keeper began undressing, and this caused the ladies to withdraw. His conduct almost got him lynched, however, -'or a orowd soeu gathered, and gave him au hour's time in which to leave town. At Logan a saloon kcoper who surrendered has j " backslid " and begun business again, so that he Is now "the suhjoct of a perfect storm ot prayoi'H." At P.ipley the ladies, boiug denied admission to a saloon, built a firo and oncampcd in front of it, oouducting tnc siego so vigorously coat iu a leiv uours the proprietor surrendered. In Chicago the movement began in a small way on the 25th February. An old lady wont from ona saloon to another iu.a pajt of the town where they are numerous, and, informing each barkeeper that she intended to pray for him, knelt in a corner aod offered up her supplication. The Western telegrams report somo disturb- ances at London, iu Ohio, whore a " tabor- nacle " placed in front of a saloon has been wrecked , by the proprietor and his friends, the ladies being drenched with buckets of ' rilthy water. Bald Mountain, a uew volcano in North Carolina, is doing missionary work in Its neighbourhood. Tho American rival of Ve suvius, as' it is already named, has been "interviewed," and the result communioated to the world. The shocks, described by the correspondent of the New Tork Herald as " commencing with a noiso like that of a smothered blast, and followed by !i low rumbling sound," aro producing a most pro found effect upou the inhabitants of tho dis— tn-iot. At a farmhouse whers tho writer halted duriug his ascent of the mountain he Ono of these, who owed 50dol, offered to sell his two cows aud a horso for that amount, " because he dill not want to go put of the world owinga cent to any man;" And his feelings aro shared by tlio whole population. Frayer- meotings are held, at whioh the most extraordinary conversions are made. Those at " Elliott's bouse, at the base of Stone Mountain," are described as of a most on-, thusiostic nature. During their continu ance, on thn liftii day, a singular scene occurred. »" A perfect llip Van Winkle appeared in the person of - Major Bende, an illicit distiller." The -major, " who .carried on his sinful traffic iu the very bowels of the -jinnntnin. and wes soldo n seen hy lmtnaus," appeared as pulo us a ghost, auil exclaimed, " It's coming, and lhar aint no usn n tnlkin'. Ef you had he'n shuk as had as I, you i wouldn't bo a wantin' nothin' hut religion." j The -dd man then told how tho rumbling noises determined him to com'o down iho mountain, mend his ways, and quit distilling. ' Thinking tho world was coming to an end, all he wanted was a ' ' revenue offioer, to whom he could confesB his transgressions against tho Government." But- tho revenue officers hsd fled tbo night before irom the samo cause. They bod attended the meeting, dilring which the "severeshooksofrightoncd them" that they ordered their horses and "put off in a hnrry." A negro preaoher has improved the occasion, and made numerous conversions. The only fear is -hat when danger disappears tb - con verts will return to their o!d wayr, 