jjjfrtWfi. AN ESCAPEE.—A few d»ys since Mr. Joseph J. McClosky, Superintendent of the Ta^maniau Police, arrived in Gawler with in bis charge *' Dr." John P. H. West, who, we are informed, had illegally lef; Tasmania, ha beiu# u' der the jurisdiction of the In olveat C •art ot that colony. The officer arr sted the prisoner at Wentworth, cn the Rirer Darling, w: ere we believe he had been practising. He had come thence from Melbourne. On reaching Adelaide Mr. McClosky lodged West at the Police-Station, and he was brought before the Supreme Court upon a writ of habexs corpus on Thursday, July 30; but was, owing to an informality in the charge, dismissed. He was, however, rearrested, and' the information havicg been amended, he was on Friday taken before Mr. Beddome, who remanded him to a Tasmanian Court. FOB THE NORTHERN TEBBITOBY. — The steamer Gothenburg, bound for Port Darwin, was true to her time, and cleared away from the Port Adelaide Wharf within half an hour of the arrival of the 9.30 a.m. train on Saturday, August 1. There were about 50 passengers, including Mr. Plunkett, the newly-appointed Goldfields Warden, and three troopers for the Northern Territory. -She take? a full cargo of goods, and we understand that several more passengers are expected to be taken in at Newcastle. THE FLAX IKDUSTBT.—In reference to the report of what took place at the meeting of the Chamber of Manufactures on Friday, Mr. T. Macdonald requests us to state that £54 was not the total of tne exportation last year, but the price obtained per ton. The quantity which is expected to be shipped this year is about 20 tons. A gentleman belonging to tne firm who purchased last year's produce having inspected a portion of the new crop stated that it was worth £10 per ton more, which is gratifying both to the miller and the growers. Enquiries for samples have also been received from several other European manufacturers. The South Australian flax, we believe, IB used for making some of the finest description of linen. FOOTBALL.—The Kensington Football Club will play a colour match this afternoon on their grounds at Kensington. THE KAINFALL. —The following tabulated statement shows, the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Friday, and the same hour on Saturday, August 1, at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide Port Aueusta.. Clare Wallaroo Moonta .. Kapunda Tanunda Gawler Gumeracha .„ 0-031 0030 0-080 O'OfiO 0070 0-045 0-090 0005 0*120 Willunga 0-650 Normanville ... 0-180 Port Elliot ... 0-695 Gooiwa 0-820 Mount Barker 0 170 Strathalbyn ... 0160 Meningie 0-600 Kingston 0190 Robe 0-060 SOUTH ATJSTBAIIAN IBOU.—The operations at P-ort Victor of the South Australian Iron and Steel Company promise to be a great success. The workings have fully realized the expectations of all concerned in the undertaking, and the iron produced is of excellent quality, although made from an inferior quality of ironstone. The smelters say that iron and steel of a first*class quality can be got from ironstone on theepot, of which there are tens el thousands of tons. No doubt the new industry will ulti- .mately prove a great boon to the neighbourhood and the province generally. MONSTER VEGETATION.—Captain Rankino has forwarded to the office of the Strathalbyn paper a monster specimen of the mangold wurtzel, grown on his property at Hindmarsh Island. This splendid sample measures 34 inches round the thickest part, about two feet in depth, weighs about 48 lbs., cuts in fine edible order, and is one of a crop of 10 acres, the whole of which axe very fine. The soil in which it was grown is nice, though rather salty, level black ground, situate near the Lake. THE BAUAN SHOOTING CASE.—Nothing is yet known, the BaUarat Courier states, as to the indentity of the man who was shot at Ballan. Since the inquest Mr. Pierrepoini, in searching his hut, 1MS found a black mask, which the deceased evidently meant to use in bushrauging or for some other unlawful purpose. The mask has two eyeholes in it, and just reaches to the mouth, so that it would effectually conceal the features of the wearer." NOT THE MAN WHO WAS WANTED.—In its issue ot July 31 the Bunyip remarked :'—No little, commotion was created yesterday in our too quiet town by a report that the highwayman •who robbed the mail recently between Weaner's Hat and Port Wakefield was in Gawler. The Gawler gentleman to whom we are indebted for starting the hoe andcty, instead'of communicating with our local police- station, telegraphed the Inspector of Police, Adelaide, who came up to Gawler per next train. On due inspection, however, it was discovered that the suspected individual, though greatly resembling- the robber (as per published description) was not the man who-was wanted. The informer having a einele eye to the £100 reward, and unwilling to give any one else a chance of 'going halves,' was probably the reason of. his so sagaciously or rather astutely (slyly is perhaps-the best word) going to work single-handed with the telegraph ; but tte next time he takes upon himself to ring the bell fer the Adelaide police to come up he will do well to make sure that he is not labouring under a delusion, or the subject of some neighbourly c-.Kard {AngUce—hoax). We have not heard whether Inspector Peterewald intends sending his informer a bill of expenses incurred ; but it is more probable that he will send 'Old Knowles a memorandum of that land thaa any portion of the anticipated cool hundred." A Nevada Judge, after a Jury had ^eenempannelled, and cunsel ready to nroceed an v ui*»n£oes frolicking around in this Courtroom during „ he tr;al „ of this c-mse, I shall — interrupt -i „ n in >11a his career- .aK^fit The Trip strictest Ctivbttfc decorum prevailed • 1 1 in - t&rt; GwibiCQB^—Ameruxw Paper. J CHBONOLOGY.—A chronological epitome of European History, intended f Jr the use of candidates for matriculation at the Melbourne University, has reached us through Messrs. Wig^ and Son, from the publisher, Mr. G. Robertson. The compilation is bv a gradtitie, who has furnished in a brief and handy fiirm the substantia of Dr. Freemen's General Sketch. The little book is likely to be useful, especially to young students, as it gives much information regarding places, events, and persons in a small compass. THE NEW MELODEON.—This is the title of a collection of hymns and tunas, original and selected, adapted for use in secial meetings and •in the family circle. Tte compiler is tha Rev. J. W. 2)admun, who brought out " Revival Melodies" and '''The Melodeou," a beok which the Rev. W. Taylor, of California, popularized in South Australia. The present work contains nearly 200 pages, is clearly printed on toned paper, and Mr. George Robertson, of Melbourne, who has published the Australian edition, of which he has sent 'lis a copy per Messrs. E. S, Wigg & Son, deserves and will reoeive praise, Some of the melodies that the jubilee singers, Messrs. Sankej and Moody, and P. Phillips, the staging pilgrim, -have introduced to thousands -of people in Great Britain are contained in tie selection, which -wiR doubtless become a favourite with hosts of folk who enjoy modern *• psalms and hymns and spiritual songs'' whether sung or played, yet without losing the taste for worls and music that are hoary with age, and around which cluster fond associations. <• THE RELEASE OP GAREINEB.—Public exoite ment in New South Wales regarding the exercise of the prerogative of pardon has not yet died out. There cau be little doubt that the release of Gardiner and his associate^ is reprobated by a larteportion of the community as * dangerous and unjustifiable proceeding. Such at any rate is the conclusion suggested by the efforts that are beiDg made on behalf of the Government to popularize the opposite view of the matter. Wo observe that the speeches delivered by Messrs, H. Parkes. G. Allen, R. Driver, J. Stewart, and W. H. Cooper, in the Sydney Parliament, supporting ihe liberation of the bushrangers, have been published in the form of a pamphlet A preface has been added in which the position taken by the Ministry throughout the affair is defended as " the only just and dignified course" they could have adopted, aud sue vigorous things are said of those persons who objected to a batch of the most notorious fe ous in tUe gaols of N«w South Wales beiug let loose upon society before their time. LAVD SBLFCTIONSIN THE SOUTH-EAST.—From a return recemly laiii on the Assembly table at the instance of Mr. Laurie, we find that tUe quantity of lsud fel-'t-ted in the Mayum and Mount Muirhead Areas to 30th June, 1874, was 1^,583 acres; that the average prica per acre was £216f. 9|d.; and that the estimated quantity of laud sxt present available f ir selection is 11,268 acres. The number of acres so.d by auction for cash has been follows:—Township land®, 6; suburban lands, 91; country lauds (:oJd in years 1359-60), 573—or 670 acres in all. THE MOONTA JETTY.—A correspondent of the local press writes :—" The work on the jetty aud approaches is progress ng very saitfactorily only iequiring longitudinal wales or bea ns^ planking, and a few et c-teras to finish it. When the wales are along the sides, the fir- e girders on the top (each piece of timber breaking at intermediate leaps), the planking securely laid, and all screwed together with strong bolts and bars, there is no doubt the approaches will stand any test of the saltwater element. The timber for planking, &c.;, is the notoriously good blue gum of Van Piemen's Land, which is shortly expected from Tasmania. Under favourable circumstances the structure, we are told, will be completed in about six weeks. The depth of water at the end of the jetty is estimated to be at average low tide from 8 feet to 8 feet 6 inches, except on occasion of runaway tides in summer, which occur three or four times in the season, when the depth of water is from two to three feet less; at high water from 13 to 14 feet. The contractor and men have appeared to work most assiduously to make this structure a credit to all parties concerned in its erection, and no man faithfully observing their operations can fail to award them a fair share of praise;" PABSQNAGE AT AUBDBN.—July 29 was a gala day with the Auburnites, especially with the Episcopalian re-i dents, being the day fixed for lajing the principal stone of St. John's Parsonage. The weather was splendid, and at 3 o'clock a large number of people assembled to witness the ceremony. After prayer, offered by the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, the incumbent, the memorial, which had b6en polished, and which borethefollowing words cut init by Mr. T. Priest, of Mintaro, " This stone was laid on the 29th July, 1874," was placed ready. Mr. Baker, the contractor, banded a trowel to Mrs. Hawkins, who used the level and tiowel expertly. Mr. Hawkins gave an address, and concluded by reading a copy of the record, which had been with coins deposited under the stone. The document, which was handsomely engrossed by the minister, said:—"In the faith of Jesu3 Christ we lay the foundation-stone of this parsonage-house in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Ho'y Ghost. Amen. On the 29th aay of July, 1874. in the 38th year of the reign of Her M->st Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the 28th year of the Episcopate of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., being Governor of the Province; Charles Wriothesley Hawkins, Incumbent; Wm. Rossi, John Baker, Churchwardens; Building Committee—J. E. Bleechmore, A. Symes, W. P. Long, D. B. Berry, J. Baker, W. S. B irkla, W. G. Long, J. W. Castine, Rd. Spieer, B. Home." After a collection, the assemblage ^ adjourned to the Town Hall, where tea had been provided by ladies and bachelors. Afterwards the President presided, and apologies for the absence of the Revs. J. A. Boake, H. Howitt, C. _G. Taplin, and J. Houghton were read. An interesting account of his recent visit to the Northern Territory was given by the Chairman, several anthems were contributed by the Church of England Choir, a sacred song was rendered by Mrs. Rossi, and readings were given by various gentlemen. Miss Barkla, on behalf of the ladies of the congregation, presented the Chairman with a surplice as a small token of regard. It was announced that the amount raised towards the building fund during the day exceeded £22. DISCOVEBY OF A BABONET.—The RobaH Town Mercwry states that "on July 16 a fair-fronted young fellow of about 23, who answered to the name of Tbeophilus Davis, was charged at the instance of Mr. McGregor with having deserted his whaling ship Asia, now lying at Recherche Bay. Upon the charge being read, Mr. Graves rose and mentioned that bis learned friend, Mr. Hookey, and himself appeared on behalf of the defendant, and at the same time stated that the case was a most extraordinary one, and surrounded with singular circumstances. The facts were that the youth before the Bench was heir to a baronetcy, and had lately received a legacy of £20,000 from his uncle, besides being entitled to several estates in England and Wales. The Shipping Master, Mr. Hawthorne, had received £100 from the executors of his uncle's will to pay his passage homeward, and part of this sum bad already been spent in clothing the boy ~as be stood. Mr. Graves contended that tins case was not one of ordinary desertion, and that had Captain Bayley or 'His Worship been placed under similar circumstances they would have done no less. It was evident that the lad bad breeding in him, fpr he had chosen the life of a wombat for five yeara whilst he might have enjoyed the luxuries of a palace. Captain Bayley generously withdrew the charge, and DaviB lt-ft the Court with his counsel, and within 24 hours will be on the way homeward to his father's house in the land of his birth." PE&JTLIAB; ACCIDENT.—It is reported by the Kapunda Herald that the second daughter, a^ed 12 years, of Mr. C. W. Smith, farmer, of near Stockport, was employed pushing with a stick the chtff away from the trough of a horsepower, chaff cutte.r on Monday, July 27, when ner pinafore was caught by the spindle, which in its revolutions *lrew up her clothes, and carried her round se»:en or eight times before she was seen and the horses were stopped. Fortunately the spindle «?as sufficiently elevated to allow of her not coming joto contact with the ground in her involuntary rogatory movements, or she must inevitably have be».n killed. As it was she sustained some internal injuries, and her father at once telegraphed froiJi Tarlee to Riverton for medical assistance, Jhe little sufferer is now doing welL 