I FREDERICK. AUGUSTUS. FROGMORE. A- sibit Tale ieoir Mb. Ajbcastees Poetsolio. "Don't you think now, Tom, she's a very pretty girl?" "Well, passable, but she's not my style." •' Hasn't she got eyes ? ' " Yes, I must Bay she does possess a pair of piercing black eye-balls, Srod ; and if I am not mistaken, she has succeeded lin inserting their glances pretty deeply into your imagination. Look out, my boy that these same pair of eyes don't take you in." " All right, Tom, but I am not quite such a spoony as |yuu seem to take me for ; bnt hasn't she a splendid figure, and can't she talk and smile—it's a caution. I tell you what, Tom, their isn't a finer woman in Victoria; she's a prizo for a Prince. Come away and let us hare another drink." , " I don't mind going to please you, Fred, but drinking saloons are my [special aversion. Como ' along then, and look sharp, for X notice some one j coming along the street I don't want to see-just at present." j In another minute, Tom Lemington, and Fred j Frogmore found thoir way into the " Fountain of Bacchus. Ah, Fred, you aro a dear good fellow, to como nd see mo again so soon ; I really do think ex istence would become quite unbearable if you deprived mo Ion of your company. And is this your friend Tom, you spoko to me about the other night as being one of my admirers ? De lighted to make your acquaintance, sir, and can assuro you I feel extremely flattered; pleaso accept my reciprocal compliments in return. But, gentlemen, I was forgetting; I am at your scr Tice, you know; what, pray, can I haro the plea sure of doing for you ?" " Anything you please, Vinna, my pel, only don't keep us waiting too long." Miss Vinna XJpastree made her exit through the parlor door in a twinkling, and as quickly reap peared with a bottle of Champagne, and ono of i Sunbury Burgundy, which sho jauntly placed on the table, and then for the next ten minutes re galed her customers with a perfect tornado of fiory glanccs and flattering talk. " You surely don't mean us to drink that lot, do you, Fred?" " No, it's not likely we will drink much of it, Tom, but I intend to par for the whole neverthe less ; I like to do tho thing handsomely, espe cially for Vinna." " But Fred, you are a fool to imagine sho cares a straw for you; its the cash she wheedles you out of j that she cares for." '• It's very likely, Tom, but to enjoy tho plea sure of being looked into by such eyes, attended to by such a figure, and smiled at by such lovely dimpled cheeks, and rosy lips, is worth all the money, and more, if I had it.' " Well, Fred, I told you before we came in hero that you were spoony, and to beware of tho ' eyes,' I now repeat, take care what you aro about!" " Keep your mind easy Tom, my fate's settled already ; didn't you hear me remark as wo came in, that I noticed some one comiug along tho street I wished to avoid speaking to just thon; do you know who she was ?" " No, I certainly do not." " Well, Tom, it was Eva Courtanie, my sweet heart, and she really is as sweet a little heart as ever a man set oyes on; we are going to be mar ried when I get my next rise, but poor little thing, the last time I was with her, sho said the advance in my salary was a long time in coming, and upon my honor, Tom, I don't think it ever is going to como. The governor put me to assist our ' receiving teller' about three months ago, and I thought then that the ' riso' would come, but I have not as yet scan anything of it. You know Tom I could never afford to get married on three notes a week, so I suppose we will have to wait until it comC3. In the meantime I am try ing to keop up my spirits and enjoy mysolf as well as I can ; and between you and me, Tom, upou xuy -rrord I fed o- fcVirUKnp; pleaSUTO ill COH1 ing hero to spend my few shillings, and gaze on the face, and bask in the smiles of Vinna, al though sho is a barmaid." " Look here, Fred, I haven't been acquainted with you very long, but I believe you to bo a kind hearted open handed sort of fellow, and as I really feel drawn towards you by a brotherly sort of feeling, I would again truly and honestly warn you to avoid in future the ' Fountain of Bacchus,' and its inmates, especially this showy barmaid, or you will regret it." '• Never .fear, Tom, I intend to break off this sort of thing when I get my ' rise and get mar ried." " Fred, I truly believe what you say; you as certainly mean, but like a man running down a steep hill, the further he descends the less com mand has he over himself, until at last, the accu mulated momentum acquired is so overwhelming as to leave him not the ghost of a chanco of sav ing himself, or stopping until ho gets right to the bottom. So it is with thoso individuals who unrestrainedly permit their animal passions and desires to overcomo their reasoning faculties." " Very well put, Tom, but it won't apply in my ease, as I have full command over my reasoning fac ulties, and any little exuberance of feeling I display in that direction, merely exhibits innocent enjoy ment, more especially enhanced, when I pay for the simple luxury of feasting my senses by gaz ing on the form, face, and features of a lovely and seductive woman." " Your reasoning Fred, let me tell you is ex tremely shallow, and displays amazing ignorance of your own and human nature in general. Cleo patra, for instance, was one of the most beauti ful women that ever lived, but her charms ultimately proved the disgrace and ruin, not only of herself, but all those with whom she was asso ciated, but more especially of Mark Antony, one of the greatest men of antiquity." " My dear Tom, comparisons in some cases are odious, for instance, the idea of comparing Vinna Upastrec, the barmaid at the ' Fountain of Bac chus ;' and Fred Frogmore, bank clerk on three notes a week, to Antony and Cleopatra, is alto gether too ridiculous." " Not so ridiculous as you seem to imagine, Fred; human nature manifests itself in much the same fashion in Queens and great men as in bar maids and bank clerks, chimney sweeps and May Queens. So I repeat again, keop clear of tho ' Fountain of Bacchus,' and you will oftener be found in the company of your sweetheart, Eva Courtanie. Now Fred, I must be going, as I have an appointmCHt to keep at half-past eight." "So have I, but it's time enough, aud I want to say something to Vinna first." " Good bye, Fred." " Good night, Tom." . . "Dear mamma, I feel so low spirited, I think Frederick is not the same to me as ho used to be,- you must have noticed how seldom he comes to see us now, aud when ho does como, he ap pears to bo so absent minded, and he also bears such a nasty smell of tobacco aud spirits about him j he was to be here to- night at half-past 8, aud it is now half-past nine! Oh, mamma, I feel so unhappy. I forgot to tell you, when I came home from seeing poor Mrs. Lee, that I caught a glimpse of him going into an hotel, I think it is called tho ' Fountain of Bacchus' or somo such name, and happened so say to Miss Leinmington, what a singular namo it was, when she informed me that her brother Tom said it was resorted to by a great number of respectable young gentlemen, and he thought it would prove the ruin of a good many of them." " My dear child Eva, said Mrs. Courtainic, I think you are vc»y indiscreet|iudeed to permit sujh foolish uncharitable thoughts to trouble you. Young gentlemen must bo allowed o little indul gence and latitude in thoir intercourso with the world, and it is very unreasonable to expect him to come and see us so ofton, or bo so puuetual to time as he was before you were engaged." " Do you know, Fred, I am going to leave the Fountain.'" . "Nonsense! Vinna." [ "Yes, truly." "Whore, then, shall I have the pleasure of. seeing you in future." " In heaven, I hope, Fretl." " Don't chaff ine, Vinna, you know my lifa would be miserable if you deprived me of the privilege of seeing you at least once a day." "Would it? then lam sorry for you, Prod, hut it can't bo helped. I am going to Now Zea land ; but love, I thought yon wore engaged to be married ?" " So I am, Vinna, when I get a rise." " That wEI bo, I suppose, when yo* are old enough to bo a grand father!" "Are you going by yourself, Vinna." " Of course I am; do you think I am not able to take care of myself?" " I believe, Vinna, you are quite capablo of doing that, but you know it dosu't look well for young ladies to travel alone." " Well, Fred, as you seem so anxious about my welfare, I think the best thing you can do would be to come and keep me company." " But I have no money!" " Can't you borrow a hundred or two some where ; your bankers ought to havo lots of money amongst your fingers." " Well, now, Vinna, when I think of it I be lieve I could manage to take the loan of a small sum. When do you think of going ?" '• Next week." "I will see you to-morrow, Vinna." "You will see me to-night, Fred dear, after I leave business; ' give me one ,' that's a darling. Now come to-night." " All right, Vinna, good bye." " Isn't she a splendid girl! I feel as if I could do anything for hor and go anywhere with. her. It certainly is risky, but I can do it, I am de termined not to be imposed upon any longer. Three notes for handling scores of thousands a week j ugh! its disgusting. I shall stand it uo longer." " At the house already. Why I didn't think I had gone half the distance. Poor Eva, I ■would not leave you if I could help it, but I can not submit to take three notes a week any longer, as Vinna said, I might be old enough to be a grand father before that old screw of a chief manager gave me the rise. I will try my fortuno in New Zealand and send for you when I get into something good." " There he is, mamma; I know his footstep. Yos, its him, thats his knock." " Dear Frederick, come in ; I am so glad you did not disappoint us to-night; but why so lato." " What time is it Vinna, Eva I mean ; what a goose I am, to be sure." " It is just half-past nine and you promised to bo horo an hour ago. Tell me what has kept you so late. I know you wouldn't keep us waiting if you could help it, Frederick dear. Aud who is this Vinna you unintentionally mentioned wheu you camo in." '• Eva, dear, you do make me laugh. You are getting quite interested about me. Well now I will just tell v«u to satisfy your curiosity. She is one of the young ladies who sometimes serves mo at my hotel, Vinna Upastree i3 her name." " The christian name is pretty enough, but I should not like to bear the surname." "Why!" "Because the Upastree is poisonous,and exhales its deleterous ingredient throughout the atmos phere which surrounds it." " Eva, love, you know too much for one so young, or I know too little for oue of my years, indeed I sometimes think when I remembor how ignorant I am that my salary of three pounds por week i3 as much as I am worth." " Frederick, dear, you only look at one side of the question. You have spent many of the best years of your life in learning the banking businesi to the entire', exclusion of all other business, so that you could not be expected to know much about anything else, therefore, your services should bo rewarded according to your merit and the responsibility of position you occupy in the bank." " Eva, my darling, you talk like a little philosopheress. I feel I am not worthy of you ; but our bank magnates don't look at the matter philosophically. They say to aur well paid chief manager,—You must keep down the working expenses of the institution or dividends will not come up to our expectations." " Eva, to tell you the candid truth I am tired of it and by-the-bye that reminds me of an en gagement I made to meet a party to-nizht who is going to New Zealand in a few days. Eva, I feel as if I could drown myself. I cannot bear to deceive you any longer. You are an augel, and I am a poor fallen mortal. The toils of tho tempter have got round mo and I cannot escape. I am not fit even to touch the hem of your dress not to speak of poluting thy virtuous lips with a touch of mine. I would have been true to thee, Oh, Eva! I would have loved thee with an enduring life long affection if providence had willed our uuion three months ago, for it has been sinco then that my temptations have been going on, and now I find when it is too late, that I can not escape. Tom leammingtou will tell you all about it. Eva Courtanie speak to me! Oh, speak to mo once more! Eva, forgive mo before wo part for ever ! Eva Courtauie, wretch that I am to have caused one moment's anguish to thy pure aud loving soul." " Unfeeling man! begone out of my house, the home you have pointed with your presence, and from her, the innocent and confiding being, whose life you havo blighted!" " Please, O, please, permit me, Mrs. Courtanie, to wait, at least, until she recovers conscious ness !" • - "Begone, sir! I command you to quit my house this instant, for ever." . "I have succeeded in procuring the money, Vinna, dear." " Have you; then you had better hand it over to me, and I will keep it, in case of any accident happening to you. "We will get on board the steamer just us she leaves tho pier." "Vinna, we are-off; see, we are leaving the 'pier. Wo had better go below to our cabin. I think I see a policeman coming hurriedly down the pier." ' " Why, you frightened spoony, you hav'ut got the. courage of a kitten. You may go below; I mean to stay here. I like it." " Is .that Qucenscliff, Vinna, dear." " I suppose it is, you stupid fool. Keep your shaky hands off me, if you please, or you will soon havo me as bad as yourself." : " Vinna,-1 have a presentiment." . . " Well, present away, you goose; but inind, if anything happens, beware you don't mention my name, or even let anyone know thai I have any connection with you." ■ " .Captain IJardblock.'' - .. •" Well, what do you want now.". "I want to'know if you havo any passengers on board tho 'Tide of-life' answering this description.'.', ■ " Well,, cons table, I believe I have noticed, a young couplo amongst my cabin passengers bearing some similtude to the description. How ever, you had better go and look for yourself." " Frederick Augustus Frogmore, I apprehend you on a charge of feloniously embezzling certain monies; aud you, Vinna Upastree, with being an accomplice in the commission of the said felony.' I will now trouble you to deliver up to me any monies or other property you may havo in your possession." " That will do. I have now to request you to step into the small boat lying alongside; after: which, we will proceed to the Police Stationaf QuocnsclilF." ; ; - N.B.—Mr. Aircastle will leave the succeeding chapters of this tale to- be imagined by , tho reader. 