GOOD TEMPLARISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. " Who is it in the press that calls on me I hear a tongue shriller than all the music, ' Guiar, sneak Croser i " Dear Sir-Your papers often speak of Good Templarism. I frequently hear people remark, "What is Good Templarism?" Only yesterday did I find out anything comprehensive about it. I hardly think, although I make this confession, I am to blame. I live in the country where, very gradually, light breaks in on my enlightment ; but M it, or is it not, to the point what I am going to say t A certain Good Templar promised me the loan of some English papers to read. I longed for them, craved for information of the general kind which they contain. I promised to return them quickly, mentally resolved to study them well, not to dog-ear them, or suffer any kind of harm to happen to them. Six months passed away. I have never seen the papers. Another member of the same profession offered to send me another kind of English paper, and he is not a Good Templar. I asked, I hoped humbly, to be allowed to read the Good Templars'. Now which is best-to be a Good Templar and break a promise or not be one and do a kind action ? Possibly the galaxy of literati, who, according to the editor of the Church News, are bright, because they live in a town, consider the effort to enlighten our Cimme- rian darkness in these sylvan shades, with some of their scintillations, would be casting pearls before inferior animals.' However, in the papers which the man left who is not a Good Templar, I found the query. " Will you kindly inform me what is the origin, nature, and object, of Good Templarism, which was now raging in almost every parish ?" The first reply says : " The Independent Order of Good Templars originated in New York in 1851, and was established in England in 1868. The following is the official declarations of principles : 1st. Total abstinence from all intoxicating liquor as beverage. 2nd. No license under any form, or under any circumstances, for the sale of liquors to be used as a beverage. 3rd. The absolute prohibition of the manufacture, importation, and sale of intoxicating liquors for such purposes pre- hibition by the will of the people expressed in due form of law, with the penalties described for a crime' of such enormity. 4th. The creation of a healthy public opinion upon the subject by the active dissemination of truth in all the modes known to an enlightened philanthropy. 5th. The election of good, honest men, to administer the laws. Cth. Persistence in efforts to save individuals and communities from so direful a Boourgo, against all forms of opposition and difficulty, until success is complete and universal." The memberships is fraternal. The lodge meetings serve to keep up the interest of the members, as well as to admit candidates, and transact business relating to the extension of the Order. Though not a secret society, passwords, signs, and grips are used, so that it is in the power of the lodge to excluded unworthy members. Thus, the I.O.G.T. is simply a Temperance Society with a capital working organisation. It is open alike to Catholic and Protestant men and women. (See " Thomson's History of the Order of Good Templars.") If rightly used by our parish priests and not driven by them to take refuge in dissenting school-rooms, the Order will, I trust, make many drunkards earnest churchmen as well as over.',' The next reply is as follows The Independent Order of Good Templars consist of a number of persons banded together in a bond of brotherhood and sisterhood for the purpose of promoting the cause of temperance. As an organisation it is much more complete and perfect than the old Temperance I Societies, who lost so many of their members. Should any Good Templar violate his obligation and fell away, he is at once visited by proper appointed persons, and no efforts are spared to bring him back to retain him in membership. None are permitted to join the Order who do not believe in the power and existence of Almighty God, and are not prepared to take the pledge for life. Although unsectarian in its principles, it is, nevertheless a religious order. The lodge meetings (which are held weekly) being opened and closed with prayer ; a ritual and form of prayer being provided for the purpose. The Order is? not a Benefit Society or Sick Club, the object ' being rather to do good by saving the young from temptation, and to reclaim those who have become addicted to habits of intemperance than to bestow pecuniary benefit. No member, however, is allowed to want for the necessaries of life. Each sick member is visited by a committee, who render any services needful in his case. Since the introduction of Good Templarism into this country, its growth has been almost unprecedented, and more especially so during the last two years. Some idea may be formed of the magnitude of the order when I say that there are now 2,200 lodges in England alone, and each lodge requires to have 15 working officers, including a chairman, scene fury, treasurer, case. You will thus see that the " working power is very great., Its success, too, has been beyond all hope, in rescuing the drunkard. Hundreds of persons who were once slaves to intemperance, are now regular attendants of their respective lodges, and many of them in the House of God are " clothed lit their right mind." The last reply says I will give some information about Good Tcmplarism- information about this " now ism " ought to be more widely spread. Good Templarism is an American production. Its professed effect is to make total abstainers for life, and bind all such in a brotherhood. It is a secret society, or a snciety-with-a-Bccrct-a sort of Total Abstinence Freemasons' Institution. I cannot see myself why such a Society needs closed doors and passwords, for total abstinence is. quite allowable, and its votaries should be able to face those who differ. Various reasons are given for the secret. As 1. That they may mature measures against the use and sale of intoxicants. 2\. That they may render assistance to members of the order, who have the pass word, and not be imposed upon. 3. That they may encourage one another, I cannot think these to be sufficient reasons for Secresy, or, indeed allowable ones, Por 1. Jf ; measures prepared in secret against lode matter are found to succeed, the promoters may, in time, unite in secret to attack one another. 2. In the Ritual, the members are instructed, " Let your charity he like the bounty of God, who sendoth the rain and the sunshine upon the just and the unjust." Such a broad basis of charity need not closed doors, for fear of an occasional imposter. 3. The principles of temperance and total abstinence are so good that a weak brother may be openly encouraged. ' The secresy as, to my thinking, a blot on the institution. ." '''Next':' Good Templarism starts with the broad platform, to admit all total abstainers who vow to to so for life, of any, every creed, and of 710 creed. I Such an one, however, such as an Atheist, could not accept ; nor can a believer in the Holy Trinity, as I think. For in the Ritual are these two questions, to be put to a candidate on admission, viz. : 1\. " Will you be obedient to all the laws and rules of this institution, they not conflicting with your duties as a citizen P and a Christian ?" (the italics are mine.) 2. "Do you believe in the existence of Almighty God, the Father and Governor of all things !" Now, I take it, an Atheist cannot sub ' scribe to the latter, as (2 is not followed by any question of belief in reference to the Son and the ' Holy Ghost. I do not see that a Christian man he 1 content to subscribe to such a mutilated creed, or 1 accept it as consistent with his duty. Yet, in the Ritual, reference is made to the Holy Son, suffer greatly, I should say, to deter Atheists, Mahometans, strs.,' from Good Templarism ; but not sufficiently so to honour the Son equally with the Father, as the Scriptures enjoin Christians to do. For instance, there are prayers in the Ritual, all beginning, if I remember rightly, after the manner of the Lord's Prayer, ' Our Father.' One of them ends, Which ' we ask in the name of Thy dear Son, our Redeemer." This is fairly, as far as it goes, a confession of the true. faith. The others all, I believe, end with the Doxology, viz., For Thine," c. Further then, is this instruction by a worthy chaplain to a candidate ; "The scriptures teach temperance in all things, and declare that no drunkard shall inherit the kingdom of heaven in your hours of study consult them in your hours of reverie meditate on their teaching and in the hour of temptation look to that word,-VVhtolt was in the beginning, is now, and shall be evermore, for strength, and at the feet of the Son of God learn the lesson of faith, hope, and j charity." t, To all this the Christian can subscribe, but if belief in Jesus as the Son of God, is to And ox greenhouse prayers and instructions.' Why should it not follow in question 2, as part of a Good Tom > i plan', creed ? ., "verbose who prepared the ritual, seem to have started on a broad platform to take in all, and wore checked by some thought of God the Father, and later by some thought of God the Son, Hence the inconsistencies. The Holy Ghost is not mentioned or alluded to in the ritual, I believe. In the ritual i also is a plan of a lodge in which appear a fountain . Slid an altar. These are rather startling words in' , told connection, but the one is for water and glasses wherein to lodge the newly admitted, and the other is the place about which members sing hymns on the full admission of a new member. Now, all this in attempt at a formal religious service, in its, serious defects to the Divine Son and the Holy Ghost, I think there is much to be regretted and much to be feared. The ritual, so far as it goes, is k Mr acknowledgment that total abstinence or tom , operation needs religion for its support, but the religion put forth is perilously defective, to my thinking. It attempts to make a creed for its votaries, such an one as will embrace religionists). ,', Mid noii-roligioiiiHts, and the proposed creed seems to) smack of socialism be prevalent in America. 1 , have said nothing of the " vestments." These seem to be varied and numerous, and probably interpose- ' '" sive to the poorer members, indeed all, I believe, J towards the expenses of the lodge. Good Tem- I ; 'parish is a new fangled " ism," which I have tried life set forth in its true light. I have not willingly or erred in statement or inference, Probably some of your readers may know more about it than 1 do. it If so, perhaps they will kindly impart their knowledge, that we may be fully informed about this " Society with a secret." You will see I differ from Sour first published reply. I have given a rather different view to his, and shown ' Good Templarism ' "that not quite so inuoconvtiB in its principles, , Now, dear Mr. Editor, I must close I can't see, I never could, why we ladies, are to be out of everything, and that's one reason I like this " Society with a secret. " Ah! if then I see any- one from whom I shall deign to accept a plain gold ring, I shall say " Are you a Freemason ?! and if he says "No," I shall say "avail." For she told my "Ma," I will try and find out not only the Good Templars' passwords, but that long kept, much laughed at secret the masons have and 'I'll make the " nearest one still, and the dearest one " tell true that, if I do set my wits to work to find it out ; for it's a lasting disgrace to them that they have not told us long ago. I am, very faithfully, yours, . ' t CEDUNT ARMA TOGyE. | 