The Week. The Highland Keepers Daughter.— A. copy of this beautiful picture will ba he presented to our tubscribers next week. It is printed in colours, and purely a Sydney production. Departure of thk Ex-King ov Fwl— Ek; King Thakombau and his two eons, Ratu Timothy ontt Pain Taa A«ntto»Vn^ nil k/vnrt^ iho Dilfd ffflffl tufi Jivoiti -iuB) eaimuuu vu vumu iuo , » ment jetty, at 3 o'clock on Monday. rl here was a honour from the Artillery, also a detachment of P01108 . , charge if inspector Taylor. The ex-king was accompin _ from Government House to the ship by his Exoellenof Hercules Robinson, Colonel Bichardson, Captain St. Jonn, and Mr. Foaberry, Inspector-General of Polioe. Meeting op Fruit Growers. — An adjourned meeting of fruit growers of the county of Cumberland, in terested in the establishment of the fruit preserving' dostry, was held Tuesday afternoon at the Society's Rooidb. The first meeting was called at tne s s gestion of the fruit growers, who asked the assistance the Agricultural Society in saving a large amount surplus fruit which was likely to be wasted tnw y owing to the largeness of the crop. Mr. W. Warns® pied the chair. The attendance was but small. P ooedingB were of a conversational character. ^ offered the free use of his preserving plant, which be moved up the Lane Cove River or to *ome o'aer owi of a fruit-growing district. The jaoket-t/ans were, n plained silver-lined, and the pi tint was well t d»P®* _ preserving fruit. Bar. Joubert stated that a i S8 Riverf had offered an acre of ground on the Lane Cove on which to oarry on operations. Mr. Joubert saia arrangements were sow being: made to start ns taa on the Lane Cove Biver, and with this greeting terpiuuttfti Fire at Pyhmont.—A few minutes before 12 o'clock on fcunday night, a .fare was discovered burning at tbo premises oocupiedby Messrs, Warburtoa and Sons! as a wood end ooal yard m Union-Ftreet, Pyrmont Tha fire broke out on a biuMing about forty feet long, oloae to the water b edge. The building was a structure composed of hardwood p»bBgs, cover- d with a shingle roof, and con tamed some two or three hundred bags of oharco»L In a -eery short space of time the whole was in a blare. The engines of the various fire companies turned - ut and arrived m the following order No. i Volunteer first Sydney Fire Brigade second and fourth, and No. i Volun teer thirl. The Fire Brigade engine however pourrd the first stream of water, which was salt water, on the lire. By the combined e?orts of ihe various fire engines the procregg of the fire was arrested, and finally extinguished, when tha \- amonnt of damage done to the building was found to ba not more than £ ICO worth. There is no insurance oa either the 'building or stock. Y oung Mkn s Christian Association. — A meeting of the members and friends of tbe Young Mob's Christian Association of Sydney was held on last Saturday evening, in the Masonic Hall, so that there might be an opportunity afforded of hearing the Bev. H. B. Maoartnev and the Rev. Mr. Campbell, of Melbourne, speak, previous to their return to the capital of Victoria. Both of these clergymen, ere active members of the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association. There was a large attendance The chair was occupied by the Hon. John Frazer. The prooeedin^s were opened by pray nr, in which the Dean of Sydney engaged. Addresees were delivered by the Bishop of Sydney, the Rev. Allan Webb, and Mr. W. Neil!, j;p. and by the Rev. Mr. Macartney, who, after apologising for tbe non-attendance of the Rev. Mr. Campbell through indis positien, spoke of the work of the Young Men's Christian Association of Melbourne. He said that that association had taken a firm hold on the confidence of Ihe people of Mel bourne through their mifsion work. They had two or three services every Sunday evening, two of whioh were attended by about 660 people, the majority of whom were not in the habit of attending any place of Christian -worship. He should advise the 8ydney association to give 4ts attention more particularly to the mission work among the poor and the outcast. Th6 address was listened to with the most marked attention. The Bishop of Sydney having been moved to the chair, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman, who replied in a suitable manner, and the proceedingewere brought to a close with the Doxology and Bentdiotion. Suitable hymns were sung during the evening by a seleqt choir who had attended for the occasion. Ordination' at the Cathedrae. — An ordi nation of priests and deacons was held by the Bishop of Sydney on Monday, at St. Andrew's Cathedral, when four students of theology were made ' deaoons ' (aooording to the forms of the Church of England} and four deaoons 'advanced to the order of -c priesthood.' Morning prayer -wae said by the Rev. Canon Stephen, the lessons being read by the Rev. Canon O'Reilly. At the end of the morning service— which was semi-choral— the Rev. H. B. Macartney, of Melbourne, preaohed an impressive sermon from part of the 6th verse of the sixth chapter of Aots,— u They chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost.' There was a numerous attendance of clergymen and lay members of the Church. The parsons -for ordination were presented to the Bishop by ihe Dean of Sydney ; and the ' imposition of handa ' was by the Metropolitan, the Dean of Sydney, Ganw O'Reilly and Stephen! the Rev. Mr. Macartney. 'Ike deaoons advanced to the order of priesthood were— the Rev. George Shoppard, assistant curate for the Cathedral dintriot ; tho Rev. Robert Short, of the diocese of Melbourne ; the Rev. Walter M. Manteil, also of the Melbourne diocese ; and the Rev. John Spooner, employed at the northern extremity of the 'Australian Province' beyond the diocese of Queensland. The theological a'udi nt« made deacons were Mr. Edwin Rodda and Mr. Thomas Quinton, both of the Melbourne diooese ; Mr. Fletcher Halliday Long, of the Goulburn diocese ; and Mr. Richard Edgar Kemp, B.A. i Obstructing the Mining Surveyor. — On j Ftiday, Mr. Phillips, mining surveyor, was sent by the Warden to make certain measurements on the Tiohborne lead, with a view of laying down a base line; but he had no sooner commenced to make the survey (says the Parkes Gazette) than be was prevented by some miners, who took tip tbe chain, and declared it should not be made. Mr. Phillips, we are informed, remonstrated with the men, and reminded them of the heavy risk they were running an obstructing him in the execution of his duty ; but it -was all to no purpose, and he had to leave the work undone. . The New Township on this Uppkb Murray. — -The correspondent of a contemporary thus describes the state of affairs at the new township at Welaregang, on the Upper Murray ' The surveyors in oommenciag the pegging off the new township have called forth a feeling ?of anxiety amongst many of the settlers in the locality, who, wishing to obtain business sites, seem in earnest expectation that they will be put up for sale at .an early period. I may mention that one gentleman hoB determined on opening an hotel and ereoting ?a blacksmith's forge in the township. Another, much interested in the distriot, means to com mence storekeeping on a large scale. _ A coloured man, a very respeotable looking person, is desirous of getting a corner block to open a coffee-house j and a tailor intends opening a shop in some central position. These sire indications that some competition may be expected when some of tbe allotments are brought under the hammer, and j ought to etir op the authorities to lose as little time as , possible in supplying the demand. The land being good I and pleasantly situated, with a plentiful supply of ex cellent water, must commend the township to all who are in any way favourable to its advancement. I may further mention that there is a well-organiEod school in full operation in the vicinity, and, as many of the youths of the district are fast coming into manhood, there u likelihood that at no distant period a healthy, Intellectual, and industrious oommunity will be centred amidst the well- stocked farms and rich and abundant pastures of the Upper Murray.' Without expecting too much from the advent of the publican, the tailor, or the' respectablelook ing coloured person,' we still quite agree the TOter of the foregoing that there is room for a small township in the neighbourhood of Welaregang, and we hope the pioneers of trade will be rewarded for their enterpriee. We have our doubts, however, about the coffee-stall business. A Disgusting Suicide. — For some days past (savs the Times of October 24) the water uued for drink it g at the Law Institute, in Chanoery-lane jas observed to have a fetid smell and unpleasant teste. Tluecould in , no way be accounted for, as the water supply from tne , New River was received mto a tank at the t top of the j building. Some plumbers had been at work there about a | week or ten days ago, and, through an accidental circum stance, on Wednesday nigkt l«t the discovery waa made ( that one of them had committed suicide by t^owmg him- i self into the tank, and that it was no doubt the decompose- | tion of bis body that had contaminated the waster. The whole of tbe facts connected with this extraordmarv affair were brought out at an inquest held before Dr. Hardkioke, on the body of Robert Smith, aged 64, of 9,poMlas nlarp Bowline- ffreen-lane, one of the plumbers referred to. ?rom tb? Mrs. Elizabeth Bull, the house keeper of the institute, it appears that ^ u. her on the morning of Wednesday week, at half-past 6, and atked for the keys to go up to the leads, and be took them off the table. She did not see again, but on Wednesday evening last, on Jjjj! ! ,aw ike ieve in the door leading to the leads, ana this , brought the circumstance of dewsased's taking to bier ^collection. She informed the porter of what had occurred. Tbe potter went up-stams, and on going _on_ to the leads he found a man's coat and waistcoat 1 Lyii agthi we. That aroused his suspicion, more esMaaUy M he fo^d fee lid of the cistern taken off and placed * On looking- into the cistern he there found the body ot a man in the water. He sent for the police, and with their Ateietance got the body out, and Mr- Mills, '=W*haJ {£' E Division of Polioe, who was called ui, stated tnat tn -deceased had been in the water 80™® ' in_ There cause of hiB death was suffocation by droning, inare MiuJd be no doubt that deceased had committed s^ciae. The widow of the deceased said he had been strange in his manner for some time, and, without fi^^rqueshons, a verdict of ' Suicide while in an unsound state of mind recorded. Manly Beach Congregational (Juuroh. — There were held, on Sunday last, the services in connection with ths reopening of the Manly Beaoh Congregational churoh, after enlargement. In connection with the si no, there were held, on Tuesday, at Manly, tea and publio meetings. The former meeting was held in the pavilion iu Ivanhoe Park, wh oh was very tastefully decor - ted, in honour of the oce&eion;, with banners and foliage. There w as an attendance of eome 300 persons. The public meet ing, which followed, was held in the enlarged ohurch. Mr. Fairfnx, M.L.C., presided. The following clergymen were preeent oa the platform: — Revs. W, Slatyer, Thomas Johnson, J. A. Dowie, Allan W.Webb, G. G. Howden, S. U. Rothwell, M. Wi liims. The proceedings were commenced with the singing of the 8S.!rd hymn— which was of a character appropriate to the occafciea celebrated — *nd with prayer, in whieh the Rev. Thomas Johnson engaged. The chairman then ttddrosscd tbe mooting, and spoke of his grati&oition; at being presfnt to-night He had not. been at Manly for a few years past, and was surprised and gratified to see the progress which this beautiful suburb had made— to see so many fine buildings erected, and so many others in course of erection. That Manly was progressing was shown by the necessity for the enlargement of this pretty ohurch. It wsb thirteen years ago, he believed, that stepB were first taken towards Ihe erection of a Congregational ohurch in this neighbourhood, when he and Mr. Andrew Foss, and Ur. lr?avid Jones, botli of whom hid gone from their midst, oame.down to see a site whioh Mr. Gilbert Smith had given for the erection of a church. Mr. Smith afterwards kindly gave them another and a more suitable site. He was glad to be here to rejoioe with Mr. Dowie in tbe success of his work. He was pre sent at the opening of the church eleven yean ago. There was a debt consequent upon the building of the church, but by their own efforts, and the aid of their friends in Sydney j that dobt was at last overoome. The pulpit was supplied by Camden College students, by lay brethren, and sometimes by ordained ministers. The population continued to increase, and God, in his provi dence, had sent Mr. Dowie to labour among them ; and he i had worked here very hard and fcucceasfully during tbe past lifter n months. He was glad to hear that after pay I ing for the enlargement a sum of only £81 had to be paid, i The chairman then oalled upon Mr. G. W. Barker, who gave a financial acoount in connection with the late work of I the ohurch, inclusive of the enlargement. The sums on col I looting cards had been £331 IPs. ; two friends had given them £75 : they had obtained over £9 from twoleotures delivered by the Rev. John Graham and the Rev J. A. Dowie, while over £6 had been collected at the services of last Lord's day, the total being £422 10s Gd. They had obtained in promises £114 16b 6d. A balance on the* debit side had been j left of £81 13s Id. The outlay on the enlargement and re-arrangement of the building had been £618 19s Id; which included the items, contractor's contract £550 and extras £26 10s. For the 15 months the ohurch collections and subscriptions had slightly exceeded the expenditure for the same peritd. Mr. Barker guvs an interesting sketch of the progress of the church . They hud long reoogoised the went of a permanent minister, who would h*ve sufficient ability to interest; and instruct t'je visitors to this watering place, and they believed that they had had all they desired in M.r. Dowie. Ha trusted thit their minister would be aucouragcd to labour with the same fidelity and earnestness that had characterized bim while j he had been with them. They had now a weofc-night service of a Wednesday evening, which was attended by ' from forty to fifty persons. They had a Sabbath-echooi of I about Ae hundred, nnd a Young Men's Mutual Improve ment fcociety of over twenty members. In view of these facts, they had every reason to thank God and take courage. He trusted thatthey would be in a position soon to increase the stipend of thoir minister. The Rev. Mr. Dowie nest addressed the meeting, and expressed his pleasure at being present - with them to thank God for the necessity for increasing the accommodation of this ohurch. When he came here, about fifteen months ago, there was a congregation of between 20 and 30— 4© at the outside. Since he oame here as thoir minister, a Sabbath- sohool had be- n founded, with a staff of teachers, while a library in connection with that eohool had been formed. Many young men had been pleased at tbe establishment of a Mutual Improvement Society. Two Bible classes — ene for young women, and another for young men — had been formed- Mr. Dowie concluded by express ing a desire that God would enable him to fulfil his duties as their minister with greater faithfulness than he had ? done in the past. The Rev. Morgan Williams, of Peter* sham, said that he looked npon their minister — Mr. Dowie —as a son of the Churoh— his father having been a minister in South Australia for twenty years. He trusted that God wouid give grace to Mr. Dowie to minister faithfully to them ; and he believe! that hie place would prove to be j the birthplace of many souls. The Rev. W . Slatyer con gratulated them on their beautiful and commodious place I of worship. He believed that they might search the colonies through without finding a man so well suited as Mr. Dowie to the circumstanoes of this plaoe. The Rev. ' Allan Webb raid that, having been associated with Mr. Dowie in non-fectarian movements, he had learnt cordially to love and esteem him. He believed that in Manly the Congregational Churoh had shown that by its great Catholicity of spirit it was well qualified to I adapt itself to the spiritual needs of the people. The Rev. G. G. Howden congratulated them on the progress which they had made. The Rev. S. U. Rothwell engaged in prayer, and the proceedings were ; closed with the benediction pronounced by the Rev. ! Mr. Dowie. A considerable portion of the debt of £81 was I liquidated before the meeting olosed. The ohurch has been lengthened 25 feet, it has been reseated, the ventila tion bas been greatly improved, the pulpit has been re- ; erected after a very neat plan, and a veetry is in course of [ erection. The churoh, whioh is a very handsome one (in- , wa* dly as well as outwardly), will since the alteration seat I conveniently 300 people. The position it ocoupies is a very 1 central one. The friends from Sydney returned last night : by special steamer shortly after 10 o'clock. Disposing of Bkhf without a Slaugh TEitiNG LiCBNSit.— The Gundaroo correspondent of the Goulburn Berald reports that a somewhat important case was tried at the Court of Petty Sessions, before Messrs. Stvlee and Affleck, on Wednesday. It appeared that Mr. T.' Walker, of Nanema Flat, killed a steer for bis own use, and fearing that he oould not, in this hot weather, be able to cure it all, he took a quarter to Mr. Vallanee. Informa tion of this was given to Senior-constable Walmslejr, who summoned Walker for disposing of beef without a slaugh tering license. There was no evidenoe to prove whether he gave this quarter to Mr. Vallnnoe aa a loan, a present, or otherwite ; but the BenGh held that it was not likely that Walker would make such a large present, and even if it ! was only a loan, the very fact of Mr. Vallanee haying to j return another quarter in lieu of it constituted tha trsnsac- j tion as barter. They therefore fined defendant £10, and j 7b 6d. costs. Settlera'had now better look out. Everyone knows that to kill a beast and divide it amongst neighbours, ! each quarter to be returned again when the neighbour kills, is an almost daily practice. This gives them fresh beef oftener, and does away with the risk of the meat spoiling. Yet this is now doolared to render any one liable to a penalty of £10. { Killed by a Falling Tbke.— A corre spondent of the Burrangong Argua, writing from Bygo loree station, Wollongough, informs ns that a sad and j fetal accident occurred there on 11th instant to a little eirl. eight years of age, daughter of the overseer, Richard j Phillips. Mrs. Phillips was washing in a wash- house, j built under a large bemblc or box tree, the children at the same time playing around her, when a violent gust of wind nanift wbicfi tore down the tree. The poor little girl was endeavouring to make her escape with the baby, which she was nursing, but the falling tree caught her, inflicting injuries which caused her death. The mother, too, was knocked down by tho tree, but escaped almost miracu lously without injury, and the baby was muoh cut and braised, but is now recovering. ? Death from Eating New Potatoes. — Jllawarra Mercury reports that Mr. Thomas Elliott, of the Five Island Estate, died at his residence on Tuesday. The had a severe attack of inflammation of tha bowels, caused by! eating new potatoes on Sunday, and from which he suffered until Tuesday morning, when he ex pired. Be was in great pain from the enormous disten tions of tbe bowels from gaseous decomposition, thus showing the danger of eating new potatoes to any great extent^ Worth Knowing. — Many amongst the hun dreds who have perished in the AuBtralim bush (says the Glen Jams Examiner) for the want of water and food— ^tidtew Hume being One of the latest instances —might bas'e been now in being had they but knu An in what a very simple modo life may be sustained by the explorer under the mo*t trying circumstances. An individual, well experienctd in tbe manner, thus writes : — ' This is to infoim yon, and the future exploring parties, that no man n^ed die for want of water or tood in t he bush whilst beholds an axe or tomahawk. Any tnanmny find buiB cient wattr, let the earth be ever so parched up, bv clear ing round the box tree in particular, or any other tree : thou provide a hollow sheet of bark, cut the roots in lengths, stand Item on a slant in the cogey, or bark, the top end leaning against the tree, and you may va t-uch wise soon boil your billy. Jn reference to a subsistence — what a pig will subsist on, a man may do tbe samn ; for instance, the common fern roots m«y be washed clean and roasted, and a man might subsist for months on them.' Agiin, have been aware for many years of a very simple method of obtaining water or B»p in any timbered_ portion of the bush. Cut down saplings and trim off their heads a faot or two down, and plaoe that end, inverted from the way they grow, into a billy, tin dish, or hollow pieoe of bwk, when, in a short periodi a copious _ supply of fiui 1 will be obtained, not by any means objectionable to the p«ate, and possessing strengthening1 qualities in a far greater degree than water. Fatal Horse Accident.— The liiirranqong Argus reports that an accident, which has terminated fatally, happened last week to a lad named Clair, aged about eleven years, who was living with a settler named O'Brien, at. Nubba. He was going out riding a mare, and when about two hundred yards from the house, the animal bucked and threw him, and afterwards dragged him in the ?tiriup for a considerable distance. He was taken up in an insensible state and carried into O'Brien's house, and Dr. Temple was immediately sent for. Upon his arrival, the doctor found tbat deceased had received some very severe contosionB about the forehead, the face, and the left side of the head, and was apparently paralysed ou one side. The usual remedies were applied, tut deceased remained in a semi-conscious state until the time of his d ath, whi6h toik place six days afterwaids ; according to the medical opinion, from iniuriee to the sknll. Fatal Gun Accident. — The Gundaroo cor respondent of ths Goulburn Herald writes : — ' A sad socident occurred here on Tuesday, at Mf. Robert Edwards's farm, which is about eight miles from- the town ship The particulars, as gathered from the inquest held by Dr. Morton are these: — Young Edwards had been shooting parrots which were in his wheat, and laid his loaded gun on the bed of one of the rooms of his residence, intending to uee the gun again iu the evening. In his evidence at the inqueBt he positively stated that he told atl his sisters, and particularly the servant girl Charlotte Case, that the gun was loaded, and cautioned them all not to touch it ; but while he and his mother were out cleaning wheat a little distance from the house, Charlotte Case, from some unexplained reason, took the gun from the bed and shot one of his sisters, a little girl, of six years old. The charge entered her left cheek, and she died almost immediately. Iier sister, Mary Ann Edwards, eleven years old, who wae present both when the deed was done and when her brother laid the gun on the bed, Stated that she did not hear her brother say anything about the gun being loaded ; and the j ury too^ the vie w that Charlotte Case also was not aware the gun was loaded. Through the coroner they strongly censured both young Edwards for leaving the gun so carelessly and Charlotte Case for playing with such a dangerous weapon.' The Forrest Expedition. — His Excellency the Governor of South Australia (the RegiUer states) his received a despatch from his Excellency Mr. Weld, Governor of West Australia, containing an expression of thanks for the assistance and welcome given to Mr. John Forrest and party, and enclosing the following extract from his Excellenoy's address to the Legislative Counoil of West Australia : — ' You will readily join with me in offering the thanks bf this colony to Mr. John Forrest and his companions, and I shall further ask you to mark your sense of their courage, enter prise, and services by a substantial recognition. You .will also, I doubt not, desire cordially to acknowledge the gene rous assistance and welcome which has been ao corded to Mr. Forrest; and hie party by bis Excellency the Governor, the Government, and tbe people of South Australia.' Telegraph LitfE from Alrany to Adelaide. — The South Australian Advertiser reports that ' the Chief Secretary has received a telegram from the Hon. F. ; Bar lee, Colonial Secretary, Perth, stating that contracts for tbe complete telegraph line from Albany to Buola have been finally settled. Orders for the wire, materials, &o.;, of the South Australian portion have been transmitted to England, and tenders for-the erection of the line will be shortly called for. Mr. Knnckey, who is returning per Gothenburg from Port. Darwin, where he has been em ployed as superintendent on the overlxnd line party, will be dispatched to lay out the new line from Port Augusta to Euola.' A Noble Donation.— The Melbourne Argux of 16th instant says : — ' We have never been called upon to perform a more pleasurable duty than that of congratu lating the oommunity upon the munificent act whioh forms the subject of some correspondence published in another column. Mr. Samuel Wilson, one of our wealthiest squatters, has plaoed the handsome. sum of £30,000 at the disposal of the authorities of the Melbourne University, tor the erection of a hall which shall be in keeping with, the present buildings, and shall constitute one of (he architectural ornaimnts of the oity. The letter in which he announces his intention to 8ir Redmond Barry, while it evinces the donor's anxiety to make his gift auxiliary in the greatest degree to the welfare of the colony, explains likewise the ground* upon whioh, after much crreful deliberation s and reflection, he arrived at the determination to devote his bounty to ihe particular object rpf cified. He obBerves that ' as the true greatness of every country consists chiefly in the right use of the cultivated intellects of its most gifted sons, it is to the highest seat of learning that we mutt look f- r the great men of nur future history.' Animated by this conviction, Mr. Wilson has wisely resolved upon dedicating a portion of the wealth which he has acquired in Victoria to the supply of a great want in connexion with its ' highest seat of learn tu* and few persons will be disposed to question the judiciousness of his decision. Sericulture. — The Ary us of 15th instant states 1 that, at Mrs. Bladen Neill's farm at Corowa, tha results of the past eeuon have not proved quite so satisfactory as was anticipated, owing to the grain having been too late last year, and the reproduction having had no winter treat i ment. Some difficulty was also experienced in providing j sufficient food for the silkworms. From Tasmania very i good results have been obtained. Miss Clark, a pupil of r Mrs. Neill, last year took 8 oz. of grain to Hobart Town. The Tasmanian Government granted her the use of large rooms at the Orphan Asylum, and also the labour af the children and of the old women pensioners. 8he was able to get a good supply of leaves from some fine old mulberry ! trees there. She expects to have 250,000 or 3(90,009 oocoons I for silk ready to forward to Italy, in care of Mra. Neill, by I the next mail steamer. In Adelaide 8000 mulberry trees were planted Eome years ago, and by next year there will be 90 acres of these trees available. The Naxigatob Islands. — The following tele gram, dated terlin, October 22, appears in the London Titr.es : — The North German Gazette of this evening publishes eome authentic particulars with reference to the proceedings of the German warship Arcona against the Go vernment of the Navigator Islands, The object of these proceedings was to enforce the payment of an indemnity which the inhabitants of the islands had promised to pay in the summer of 1872 on account of outrages committed upon_ German residents there. Only a very small portion of this indemnity had been paid, and the amonnt remaining due was 15,000 dollars. On the arrival of the Arcona a third of this sum was paid, and two bills of exchange falling due in 1875 nnd 1876 were given for the remaining two-thirds. Thb head of the Government of the Navigator Islands acknowledged the legality of the demands made by (he captain of the Arcona, and thanked him for the justice and clemency he had displayed. The German captain, on taking his departure, promised that when he arrived home he would advocate ? partial remission of the indemnity. There has been no intention throughout of occupying the Navigator Islands ar any part of them. CnwELTY to Animals. — The GrafUm Argus reports that, one of the grossest cases of craelty to dumb animals that we have heard of in this district oame under onr no ioe at the Police Court on Friday last, in the suit of Girard. v. Tonohue. We are informed that in one inttance a email collir was put on a valuable horse, aud tbe animal so worked as to literally rub great flakes of skia off its shoulders, t-oinn inches iu length ; while iu another instance a hon-e.was beaten by the »ame rain over the he id to such sa extent as to render the animal blind. The B- noli fined the cruel fellow £5. ' Ki Britannia.' — The labour traffic of Fij h'8 (says the Times), since annotation, received a stimu lus from tbe freedom of action^ enjoyed by th» aboriginal natives, who bave shown a remarkably quick perception of their altered position. Prisoners, for non-payment of tha poll-tax, at once refused to work. They became Britishers immediately, end 'Ki Britannia' became all the cry among them. Following up this newly-aoquired f re adorn, the natives are beginning to hire themselves out to planters without the interference of the chiefs, who formerly regu lated local native labour, just as they pleaped, and the poor men dared not assert that their lives were their own. It is not, however, very pleasant to know that guns and ammunition are generally given in payment of wages. Thb Tichrobxb Case. — An Aot of Parliament, passed in the late session, of considerable dimensions, oeoasioued by the litigation of ' the Claimant, 'has just been issued to authorise the raising of moneys on the security of the Tichborne and Doughty, estates. The statute, which has been printed as a private Act, is to be admitted in' all Courts as evidenoe ; it extends, with the schedules, to 106 folio pages, and tbe recitals comprise 65 pages. There ere 24 sections and four echedules Betting forth the various properties in Southampton, Middlesex, Lincoln, Bucking ham, and Dorset, forming the Tiohborne and Doughty estates. The recitals commence with the settlement of the Tichbome estate in 1806, and trace the property down to the preeent time, including the several suits by the ''Claim ant,' and wbioh oould not be accomplished without au Aot of Parliament, in pursuance of an orda^' of the Court of Chancery. After reciting the various charges which had been made ai.d giving other information, comprised in nearly 50 pages, it is shown that of £100,000, which had been authorized to be raised on trusts, £15,500 remained unraiscd. The Act states that Roger Charles Tiohborne left this country in February, 1853, for the purpose of tz&velling; in South America, where he arrived, and after wards took ai passage in the Bella from Rio Janeiro to New York, and sailed in the ship in April, 1854, nnd the vessel, ' soon after she left Rio de Janerio, was lost, and all ou board, including the said Roger Charles Tiohborne, then perished.' That, in 18G6, ?' one Arthur Orton, who had been in various employments at various places in Australia, and was there known as Thomas Castro, set up a olaitn to be the said Roger Charles Tichborne, alleging that the said Roger Charles Tiohborne had not perished at sea, but that he Wae saved by a vessel which landed him at Melbourne at or about the end of July, 1854.' The Aot prooeeds with the proceedings adopted by Orton, who is referred to as ' the Claimant ' from his arrival in England towards tba end of December, 1866, when he assumed the name and title of ' Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tiohborne,. Baronet,' and statcB that in confiequenoe of the claim various euits and proceedings were instituted in the Court of Chancery, in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Court of Pro bate, which suits were set forth in a petition to the Court of Chancery. In 1866 a suit in Chancery was instituted for the purpose of placing the person and property of tbe infant heir, Sir Henry Alfred Joseph Doughty Tichborne, under the protection of the Conrt. In February, 1872, au order was made on the petition of the infant heir, by his guardians, that proper stepB ehould be taken to raise tha coste and charges incurred by the prooeediugs of ' the Claimant ' out of the corpus of certain property set forth, and a draft of a bill in Parliament was ordered to ba prepared to effect the objects mentioned in the petition, and alto for the payment of expenses inourred in obtaining an Act of Parliament. Further, the statute dotails the conviction of ' the Claimant' for peijury, when he waB found to be ' Arthur Orton, ' and eentenoed to 14 years' penal, servitude — seven years' on eaoh count. After a statement of the Tiohborne and Doughty estates, the Act declares that it is desirable that true tees should bo appointed to carry into eflect ihe provisions of the statute, and that Henry Lamplugh Wickham and the Hon. Edward Ignatius Arundell were willing to aot as suoh trustees, aud had been approved bv the Court of Chancery. In pur suance of tbe order of February, 1873, the costs, charges, and expenses thereby ordered to be moderated had been settled at the sum of £91,677 12b. 2d., as appeared by the certificate of the Chief Clerk (Mr Bird) of Vice-chancellor Bacon, dated the 9th of May last. And that VioeChan cellor , Bacon had settled the draft of the present Aot, aB also the appointment of the trustees mentioned, which objects could not be effectually aooomplished without the authority of Parliament. The sections are enactments to carry out the several objects. The ' liabilities to be raised ' ' include the sum of £91,677 12b. 2d. as costs and oharges settled, and also costs and charges inourred not exceeding £155 9s. 8d, previously advanced, and also the costB and expenses of all parties in obtaining the Aot. After express directions as to the manner in whioh the several objects of the statute are to be carried out, and also as to the duties of the trustees and the supervision of the Court of Chancery, the last section is in the following words : — '? This Act shall not be a public Act, but shall be printed by the several printers to the Queen's Moat Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the statutes of the United Kingdom, and a oopv thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.' Tha description of the estates, their extent and rental, occnpies nearly 30 pages of the schedules annexed to the Act. — Times. E\ox.rsn Schools fok Continental Pkincbs. — The correspondent of the Times in Spain writes: — ' A. very pleasing impression has been wrought npon the partisans of th« young Prince of Asturiae, Don Alfonso, the son of Isabella 11., who, as I said, are daily becoming mure numerous, by tbe announcement that the Prince has been entered as a cadet Ht the Royal Military Gollege, Sandhurst. This measure was suggested to the Prince's mother by Senor Canovas del Castillo, one of the wisest and mOBt honourable statesmen in Spain, who alone oould have saved the infatuated Queen from the catastrophe of 1868, bad his advice been attended to. The idea that the free air of an English public sohool is benefioial to tha development of continental lads bom in the purple, and calculated to given healthy and vigorous tone to their mind, is rapidly gaining ground even in the most bigoted Roman Catholic communities. The example of the Duchess of Genoa, who sent her son to fit himself for command in Italy by leaving him to 'find hie level' at Harrow, has moved other mothers of even more exalted rank to waive their religions prej udioes^ however strongly rooted, and to intrust their children to the keeping of men who, without meddling with their religious education, undertake to make neither Protestants nor Catholics, but simply men of them. Bonapartism in France and Alfonsism in Spain have gained not a little by the expectation of the temper that the dis cipline ot Woolwich and Sandhurst may give to the pos sible future rulers of France and Spain. It iB, indeed, not merely for minors, but also for grown-up prinoes that England has been at all times the best sohool for Sovereigns. No one can say how much Lonis Philippe, Lonis Napoleon, and, above all others, Leopold I., owed to their years of Bnglish apprenticeship. But in their case residence in tha land of freedom was merely the result of circumstances. With the sons of the Duchesn of Genoa, of the ex-Empresa of the French, and the ex-Queen ef Spain it is not only matter ef choice, but of a choice made after very long deliberation and anxious discussion.' 1 An American, of Bridgeport, Conn., has rooontly made a voyage of 22 milee on Long Island Sound, in the space of hours, in a row-boat towed by a kite. The boat was 12 ft. long, and the kite 10 ft. high by 8 ft. wide. About 660 ft, of cord was lot out. The speed oi the boat, is «t,t o I to have been considerably greater than that of s email sailing craft which attempted a raoe. This was probibly due to the greater velocity of the wind at the elevated position of the kite. The towage of boats by bites ij a very old amusement, but it is a plow method of navigation. The boat and kite can only travel in one direction, dirwt'y before the wind ; wbereaa the ordinary «ail-boat oan move ' obliquely in vurit^is diiectiwMk j 