JURISDICTION OF BISHOPS AND DUTIES OF INCUMBENTS. A most important correspondence lias lately taken place between Dr. Spencer and Dr. Jack son. This correspondence was generously, presented to us, and we at once put it into print, and sent copies to several newspapers and periodicals. There is no doubt but that a time of severe trial awaits "called and chosen" ministers of the Gospel, by way of testing their "faithful ness," and the moBt likely instruments to be used in Buch an , ordeal are compromising bishops, who are afraid to expose Rationalism, whose daughters display crosseB of imposing magnitude, whose private chapels favour Popish Idolatry, who give preference to Romish Hymnals, and who set "the law of the Church " above the law of the land and the law of God. True believers require to be much in Prayer for their brethren who are called upon to con tend and to endure in this great warfare, in which the interests of all are so deeply in volved. The entire correspondence is published by the Society in a Tract form, and sold at 4s. per 100, or 30s. per 1000. Would that some one or more, whose means would justify the under taking, saw it to be their dnty to Bend a copy to every professed Minister of the Gospel in the Empire. Two af the principal letters are the following ; — London House, S. W., April 23, 1874. My Dear Sir,— A bill has been placed in my hands, in which you are announced as about to take part in a " Special Service" in the Talbot Tabernacle, on Tuesday, May 5th. It is my ,duty to remind you that any clergyman who conducts any religious service in a building not consecrated or licensed, unless he is the Incum bent, or authorised by the Incumbent of the parish, incurs Berious penalties. I cannot help adding that, independently of legal objections, it surely betrays a sad forget- fuluess of brotherly courtesy, and of the duty of doing unto others as we would they should do unto us — if it does hot even trench on the perilous ground of doing evil that good may come — when we allow ourselves to intrude into the parish of another, to tvhom — not to us — is intrusted the care and government of the souls of the parishioners, and even to weaken his hands, and scandalise most Churchmen, by taking part in the services of a Nonconformist chapel. I am. dear Sir! vour faithful servant, J. London. Rev. Dr. Spencer. April 28th, 1874 My Lord Bishop, — I. beg leave to acknow ledge the receipt of your letter, and, in reply, to say that I have, ever considered that the Church was made for the Truth and not the Truth for the Church ; and that, however good and scriptural the framework may be, it is only valuable as far as, and no farther than, it is the medium of propagating and perpetrating the truth as it is in Jesus. Nay, on the contrary, the more valuable the framework, the more effective engine it becomes for spreading the most soul- destroying errors, those of Popery especially, through the length and breadth of the land ; and besides, I have made it a rule, of which I trust your Lordship would own the obligation, that all whom I expect to meet in heaven — 1 will — / must love ttjum earth. We are washed in the same blond and sanctified by the same Spirit, and why should we "fallout by the' way ?" Why should a godless world say, " See how we Christians hate one another?" 1 am charged by Air. Light with "associating myself with a scliismatical body who, by printed papers, publicly deprave the teaching of the book of common prayer." This I maintain to he a slander and an untruth ; and, by your Lordship, with "scandalising most Christians by taking part in the service of a Nonconformist chapel." Oh, how different is the language, not of Paul, but of the Holy Ghost, "Grace be with all that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity ;" and again, "To all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours, grace be unto you and peace ;" and again, " Christ is preached and I therein rejoice, yea, and shall rejoice." With regard to the absence of "brotherly courtesy" to which your Lordship alludes, I would request to know in what respect I am to consider men as brothers who are not preaching the Gospel of Christ, but are making use of their position, as ministers ot the Church of England, to betray the very doctrines and piiliuiica ul uul gluuuuo llcluiuxcia martyred fathers, who perished at the stake to transmit to us the blessed legacy of Protestant worship and an open Bible. I tell you, my Lord Bishop, it is these men who are the schismatics and the creators of schism, and who are shattering tho confidence of all who are good in. this land, in the ministrations of the Church of England. With these men, I, and many more besides, have no sympathy, no com munion, no brotherhood. They are destroying more souls than they save ; in truth, they are (instrumentally) saving none, but are only an inclined plane to land their hearers into the soul-destroying vortex of Popery. Where is the family that has not suffered from their evil Jesuitical doings? These men, so far from being brothers, or a blessing, are a curse to the Church, and are gradually leavening the country with their " pernicious nonsense ;" and of these men I would say with the Apostle, in the words of the Holy Ghost's inspiration, "Beware of dogs, beware of evil-workers, be ware of concision." Nor can I help feeling amazed at your Lordship's regarding my preach ing the Gospel of Jesus as in any way " trench ing on the perilous ground of doing evil that good may come." I am certain that I offend not against any law of God or Christ in so doing, and more especially when I remember my Ordination vow, "to be ready with all faithfnl diligence to banish and drive away all erroneous doctrine contrary to God's Word." , 1 know, and, your Lordship knows, great numbers of Churches where erroneous aiul strange dottrifie, contrary to God's Word, is uiiiiiterniittingly taught, leading souls to hell, and from winch Churches I myself dissuade everybody I know, who would go for' the purpose of worship. These are the heretics,. these are the schismatics, these are the traitors, who are permitted and encouraged to remain in the Church, making it the scorn of the bad and the pity of the good, and preparing the way for its disestablishment, and 1 say, Perish the Establishment, ere it be the means of flooding' the land with Popish superstition or Rational istic infidelity, both of which are rife within its pale. As regards the violation of the law of the Church, i.e., of the land, I would like to know where that law is to he found, especially since the passing of Lord Shaftesbury's Act. Let me recall to your Lordship a circumstance, which you may have forgotten or may not have known. Some years since, services were held in Exeter Hall by men — some of whom were then or subsequently bishops — and tho then Incumbent of St. Michael's, Burleigh- street, in which parish the Hall is situated, Mr. Edouart, consulted and complained to your Lordship's predecessor — the. present . Archbishop of Canter- ury, who told me that the Law Officers of the Crown, when consulted, were agreed that no law was violated, nor could an action be main- ' tained, when no ministerial act — as tho adminis tration of a sacrament, or the performance of the service of the Church of England, with Church of England rites, was celebrated ; and this worship was continued by these Alinisters and Bishops, even, without tho consent, and in defiance of the Incumbent. Has not the same thing been done over and over again in the ease of the Theatre Services, against the expressed wishes of the Incumbents of the various parishes ? Did not the present Archbishop of York and the late Bishop of Winchester minister within the so-called unconsecrated walls of a Nonconformist Meeting House in Scotland? and has not the present Dean of West minster done the same? and not a word of remonstrance was ever uttered against these prelates and dignitary, for their preaching in so-called schismatical 1 places of worship. I could name many others in your Lordship's Diocese, who havo done the same thing, and have been utterly ignorant of any such law as that to which your Lordship alludes. I know I could not introduce any one who was not in Church of England Orders, into my pulpit, and this I shall not do ; hut, in point of principle, I see no difference between speaking to three persons in the street or three thousand in a house — of "Jesus and the Resurrection." especially in parishes where the bread of life is not ministered. Immortal souls aro not saved by Ritualistic dis plays of "pernicious nonsense," but " by every word of God dotli man live " ; not by histrionic buffoonery, such as is practised in too many ChurcheB in this Diocese, as your Jordship well knows, but bv the faithful nreachine of the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. Far better that your Lordship would send all the curates out of the Diocese, who are introducing Popery into the Churches, and habituating all the thoughtless and many of tho educated to her superstitions, which your Lordship might do as well as the excellent Bishop of Durham, or the Bishop of Manchester. \our Lordship might also cease to hold Confirmations in Ritualistic Churches, or give them any countenance. You might also enjoin the Incumbents to remove all Candles, Crosses, Crucifixes, 'pictures of the Virgin Mary and Child from the reredos, which are notoriously causing scandal, and are decidedly illegal. Look at the accounts, as furnished in the papers, of tho doings in certain Churches on Good Friday and Easter Sunday, and say, " Is this Church of England worship ? Is this the Church of our fathers ? Was it to set up such a system as this that our fathers perished at the stake?" Now, my Lord, as a minister who serves a higher Bishop than your Lordship, even Jesus Christ, I say we' owe a great deal to the Non conformists for whatever piety tliero is in the Church of England ; a Church into which, un happily, to many have entered who are unsound in the faith and immoral in their lives. Your Lordship is now advancing in years, and your and my term of life will soon havo passed. May we enjoy the blessed luxury of living in the hope that, when the day of reckoning shall come, we may hear from the chief Shepherd and Bishop of souls these delightful words, " Well done, good and faithful servants, yo have been faithful over a few things ; enter ye into the joy of your Lord." Until that blessed day arrives, I must preach Jesus "in season — out of season," and take advantage of every open door, till I hoar my blessed Master say, "Friend, come up higher." I am, with much respect, your Lordship's faithful servant. 11\. F. SPENCER, B.A., LL.D, The Lord Bishop of -London.. Poisoning ry Needles. — The Homeward Mail says that the practice of putting people out of the way by means of poisoned needles i3 now very prevalent, and is less liable to detec tion than the administration of internal doses. A case recently occurred at Rawul Pindee, in which .a man was punctured on the nock when asleep, hut he woke up in time to see the operator slink off. On being brought to the dispensary he was treated by Dr. Ince ; but the swelling and pain the neck rapidly increased, erysipelas supervened, and the patient died three days after being punctured. See the article in a late Standard on the Jesuits as Poisoners. The symptoms here mentioned are like those observed at the death of John Stewart Mill, also the Prince of Wales and his bad finger, &c.; DeatIi in the Hospital.— Bequests.— We are informed that a man named John Hogan, aged 37 years, a native of Alallow, county Cork, Ireland, died in the Burrangong , Hospital on Tuesday morning last. Before his death he desired the Rev. H. M. Finnegan to he sent for, and proposed to devise every shilling lie possessed to that gentleman. He disposed of his property, amounting in value to. over .£200 in money and stock, by allotting £50 to the Hospital, and leaving the residue towards the fund for the erection of ; the new Catholic Church at Yonng; at the same time appointing the Rev. H. M, Finnegan as the executor. During; his illness Hogan had been attended by the clergy of his faith and received all the eoi,- solationa of his religion. ' The funeral cook place on .Wednesday, and was accompanied to the cemetery by a few friends, 'llie Rev. Messrs, Finnegan and Dwyer officiated at the gtovo. -- " ' - ' - . 