THE MODERN JOVE. (Prom the Sunday at Home.) A painting was exhibited in Rome recently which affords a most striking demonstration of tho spirit which inspires ana directs the Papal court and Church at this epoch. The picture was painted after the promulgation of the dogma of Infallibility by the QScumenical Council, in g commemoration of tho Pope attaining linfl pontifioate, mi hw since been placed in the Vatican by order of the Pope. Here we have Pius IX enthroned on a pedestal. God the Father appears alone with the Church on one hand, and St. Peter on the other, while the Pope occupies the centre of the picture ; tho words Petra and Christus are inscribed on the pedestal on which he rests, but he himself receives the homage of the uations. This subordination of Christ is characteristic of tho Romish Church, whose followers, if their thoughts ascend from the crucifix heavenwards picture him as an infant on the knees of the immaculate and all-powerful Madonna. An Italian priest for example. Padre Carozisa, preaching this last Lent to an Italian congrega tion, declared that Christ did not come to save the world — an angel could have been sent to do that — but thiit He came solely to glorify Maria ! Pius IX enthroned, filled with infallible wisdom by the Holy Ghost, is worshipped by the repre sentatives of all nations and climes. It is im plied that all peoples are yet to come and bow down before him. This is an instructive picture. Tho Protestant world will do vrcll to ponder its meaning, and to profit by it. As wo look at it, the words of St. Paul come vividly to the mind : "That man of sin, the son of perdition, who oppoaeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped, so that he sitteth as God in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God. — 2 Ihess. ii. .3-4. There is a Latin inscription on the base of this pedes- will wiiroilv WiilGil i cuUa IT UXIuIeGX IVluiXHTlllS in the twenty-sixth year of office, tho first iu the Roman See who has attained to the years of the Pontificate of St. Peter, JS7I." Tlie incidents of that remark.able day in the life of Pio Nono are recalled in a little volume by the Rev. William Arthur, aptly entitled "The Modern Poutifi'," in which ho reviews the speeches of the Pontiff, as collected by the admiring Don dc Franciscis. The sentiment of the picture does not exceed the sentiment which was then expressed iu various other ways by the adherents of the Papacy. The ICtli of June, 1S71 was a wonderful day at the Vatican, the date of " tho prodigious event," by which for the first time a Pontiff reach to the "years of St. Peter. Many addresses were delivered, the first of which came from the gentlemen of the Pope's antechamber. Of all the outside orb on that day came first twenty-eight English priests with an address signed by eight hundred. To those the next iu precedence were the representatives of the Republic of Ecuador, which is recognised by the Pope, as the only state in the world that has iu a degree up to his mind protested against the occupation of Rome as the capit.al of Italy. These are followed by a deputation from Velletri, and then we are told of the cairisma deputation of English youths, when tho young "Signer ISdwardo Noel " laying aside, as was meet, his mother tongne, reads in French an address signed by ninety thousand persons, and presents an offering of £3000. Don de Franciscis says of the next deputation, that it was like an entire people. Gorman princes of long and lofty names, and German folks of all sorts crowd the lordly hall, bringing iu monej', twenty-five thousand pounds, and forty cases of SilVJLCU. lUlillfUlu. TTllcli UUC/ JL iUUlLtiU, Uliesc faithful, with astonishing order and devotion, pressed forward to Idss the papal chair, and to touch it with rosaries, medals, crucifixes, and such like. O faith ! ! J The notes of admiration are not ours. Greater honour, however, than that of the Germain deputation was reserved for the next. "Common Father of the Faithful," said the Cardinal Archbishop of Naples, introducing the Due de Regina to read an address, and others whose names fill a page and a half, of whom Don de Franciscis adds — "With rare condes cension the whole of the deputation was per mitted by His Holiness to kiss his foot." Another deputation, that from tho Primo- genita daughter of the Church, the bright but bleeding France, was put, in point of honour, on a level with the Neapolitans, and all admitted to kiss the sacred foot — they were honoured moreover with a long speech. When the deputation from Alsace had been received, we are told that the Pope, going on one aide of the room, granted a special audience to the English Prelate, Monsignor Capel, who presented in gold an offering of one thousand pounds from a most noble person well known to his Holiness, who showed the highest com placence and gratitude. The professors in the Faculty of Theology at Rome solemnly say : " In obeying your voice, Most Blessed Father, we are obeying our own conscience, devoted to the infallible authority of your teaching, and we shall ever venerate and diffuse it in expound ing sacred doctrines. Let your Blessedness deign to comfort us with your benediction." There are other passages in these speeches which harmonise with the sentiment embodied by the painter. "Rich as ever it conld be," says Don de Franciscis, ' ' was the tiara oftered by the Belgian deputation to Pio Nono, on June ISth, 1871. Seventy-two large emeralds, as many agates and rubies (without counting smaller one) while brilliants formed, so to speak, the warp of all the web." "You offer me gifts," said the Pope, " in acknowledgment of my threefold royal dignity, in heaven, upon earth, and in purgatory." We have formerly seen " tiara " explained as the symbol of threefold majesty — priestlv. kingly, and imperial. This, however, is left far behind by the Pope's own exposition ; and he knows host. Royal dignity in three worlds is more than three kinds of dignity in one. Five days later, speaking to a deputation from Viterbo, capital of the Patrimony of St. Peter, the Pope told how his temporal possession took their rise. In their first love the early Christians sold their patrimonies, and handed over the price to St. Peter, -that he might supply his own wants, and those of the other apostles, and then relieve all who were in need. Donations made in the same manner formed the sacred possession which took the beautiful name of the " The Patrimony of St. Peter. "Now," adds the Pope, "those who ought to guard the patrimony of St. Peter take it away. It is true that I cannot, like St. Peter, launch certain thunders that reduce bodies to ashes ; but I can none the less launch the thunders that reduce the souls to ashes ; aud I have done it by excommunicating all those who have perpetrated and borne a hand in tho sacrilegious spoilation." . In Pagan Rome, the heroes in their hour of proudest triumph were reminded that they were mortal j hut Rome no ojor- tunity for such modest monition. The infallible Piowono in the day of his humiliation is still more than common man. "Ego sum vox, clamanbis ab Vaticano," ho says— "1 am the .voice, for although unworthy, I am neverthe less |e.''Vicar of Christ ; and this voice which np ' sounds in your ears is the voice of Him sli-hom I represent upon earth." At tho last anti-slavery meeting held in Exeter Hall, Lord Brougham, making allusion to Daniel O'Connell, who sat on his right hand, said, "My honorable friend here belongs to a Church with an infallible /icad." "No."thiin. dered O'Connell, "an infallible body." The decree of the Vatican no longer allows of such a repartee. Let our readers, in view of the painter's interpretation once more weigh its arrogant words. We teach and define it to be a dogma dovinely revealed that the Roman Pontiff when speaking ex cathedra, that is when in tho exercise of his office as pastor and teacher, of all Christians, by his supreme apos tolical authority, he defines a doctrine touching faith or morals to be held by the universm Church, is endued through the Divine assistance promised to him in the blessed Peter with the infallibility, whereby it pleased the Divine Redeemer that His Church should bo possessed in defining faith and morals. And thus such definitions of the Roman Pontiff in themselves and not by reason of the Church's assent are irrcformable. 