Literature of the Month. (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) "THE French Revolution and the First Empire :" By William O'Connor Morris ; ' js. 6à. (Longmans). Mr. Morris has attempted to bring together into one survey the immense multitude of changes which Europe witnessed between 1789 and 1815. He gathers up the result of recent investigations, and he has sufficiently studied the original sources, to be sometimes able to arbitrate between conflicting historians. To those who have no leisure to pursue bulky and elaborate works, a volume like this may be very acceptable. "The Hero of Elstow; or the Story of the Pilgrimage of John Bunyan :" By James Cooper, M.A., Vicar of Elstow ; (Hodder and Staughton). This little volume is opportune in its appearance as the unveiling of Bunyan's statue has so recently brought him prominently before the public mind. There is nothing specially new in this account of Bunyan, but it is written with freshness, and with good taste and feeling. Mr. Cooper says, " no attempt has been made in this little memoir to represent Bunyan's character otherwise than impartially. His fame would not be increased by flattery, nor diminished by detraction. Remarkable as a preacher, pre-eminent as a christian, unrivalled as an allegorist, though not superior to the credulity of his times, his name will long live in the memory of his country- men who will assuredly, for genera- tions yet to come, " Revere the man whose Pilgrim marks the the roads and guides the progress of the. soul to God." " Memoir of Thomas T. Lynch :" edited by W. White, 7s. 6d. (Isbister and Co.). Mr. Lynch was in many respects a remarkable man, tho- roughly original in Iiis thought and ex- pression. In fact he was so individual a character that he deserved to have his life witten, and Mr. White in his little book has only given us only too incom- plete a view of this many-sided man. As a preacher, Mr. Lynch was never popular, lie educated a select audience of two or three hundred, and was greatly beloved by his hearers. As an author he is best known. " The Memorials of Theophilus Trinel," " Letters to the Scattered," and " The Rivulet," a book of sacred song, which led to a bitter controversy on the part of some theologians, who cruelly endeavoured to crush Mr. Lynch. This little book will be welcomed by Mr. Lynch's admirers, and they are to be found among the thoughtful and earnest seekers after truth. "South by West, or Winter in the Rocky Mountains and Spring in Mexico." Edited, with a preface by the Rev. Canon Kingsley, J CS. (Isbister and Co.) This is an unassuming but deeply interesting volume. Canon Kingsley is troubled in spirit about two things in particular. It is a crying shame, he thinks, that a beautiful rich land like j Mexico should be a prey to violence and lawlessness, and if the Americans do not reform their country in a [ hurry, the American people must carry out the "Munroe doctrine," and tab Mexico in hand. Mr. Kingsley is alsc anxious to promote good feeling between British and American citizens-ac obiect which he rightly believes " Soutl by West " will further. Truthfulness ii the merit of the book. The autho has good clear eyes and a vigorou: mind, but he does not exaggerate, does not caricature his hosts, is not of foolish insular pride, and never pretends to set that which is not real. He does noi penetrate much into politics, excepi when treating of Mexico. The horse flies of New York interest him more than the municipal institutions. He i watchful of the cooking, notes wha articles are in the shop, and has a keer eye for every vegetable novelty. Hi has picked up many good stories, an< there are vivid hits of adventure ii: canyons of Colerado and the robbei dens of Mexico. There is sensatioi enough to satisfy the most exactinj appetite, and altogether " South bj West" is one of the best volumes o travels recently issued. " A Chequered Life : Memoirs o: Vicomtesse de Leonville." Edited bj Viscointesse Solange de Kerkadeck; 7 s. 6d (King and Co.) This is the story of thi life of the daughter of a Bonapartis officer, who was married by Bonaparte'! orders to a certain Colonel d< Ferval. He died and left her al his fortune, and as a handsome young widow she freely enjoyed herself, ant was much admired for her beauty, finalh marrying a M. de Meilhan. Madami de Meilhan appears to have been a firn believer tn ghosts, for we have somt wonderful stories of haunted castles marvellous appearances and meetings and of a charmed ring found in a close where an ancestress of her husbant was murdered. It was an emerald ring surrounded with lavender-coloured pearls on the gold circle some unintelligibl« words were written. These pearl: changed colour when misfortune was a hand. After the discovery of the ring Madame de Meilhan always wore it I One morning she discovered that two 0 I the pearls had changed colour, whei the news shortly arrived that Brandar her favourite chateau, had been totall; destroyed by fire the night before. Ot another occasion one more pearl turnei almost black. This time the misfortun was the entire loss of her property, b; the appearance of the lawful heir. Agait a pearl turned black, and her husbam died of malignant scarlet fever. Agait a pearl became discoloured, and th small remains of her possession were lost Madame now decides upon becominj a governess in England, where sh became 'ill, was sent to the hospita' and the young and handsome docto who attended her fell In lov with her and married her. In the mids of an awful thunderstorm one more peat turned black. Madame was sitting ii her room, when the dog Bernard shew» every sign of terror. " All at once (sh narrates) something like an etherea cloud seemed to pass over thc room I was soon in the centre of it, and ¡ breeze so slight and so gentle caressei my face, that I thought some spirit mus be hovering about me. ' Do you se anything, Parry?' I said to the pal and trembling woman. 'A cloud, , mist, I know not what ; oh I Madame what can all this mean ?' Bernard wa still in the same state. I looked at m prophetic ring-one more pearl hai changed colour !" Her husband hat been killed by the lightning. Thesi " Memoirs" are compounded of sketches which may be true, and certainly are no flattering, of the Court of the first Nape leon ; of convent life, of governess Hf« of love scenes, and of gossip verging 01 scandal. " Waterways or Railways ; or, th< Future of India:" by Lieut-Colonel F Tyrell. (Stanford). This little work come: from the new school of Anglo-Indians who gibe at the mania for railways, anc who believe that India is not ready foi them. Who think that waterways are th« true resources ; that the torrents whicl now bring devastation must be tarnee and used for irrigation and navigation, and that the entire drainage system o: India must be mastered. He shows b) plans how great arterial canals could be built as to serve for the carriage o: produce and to collect water. He would also improve river navigation. Had the ,£93,000,000 expended in making rail- ways in India been employed in rebuild- ing the 30,000 tanks now ruins, or in providing waterways, there would have been fewer famines, and India would have been more prosperous than she is. There is so much good sense in this little work, that it is a pity that the writer should have introduced alien subjects, such as the expediency of a Federal Council for India. "The Life of Christ :" By Dr. Farrar, Master of Marlborough College. (Cassell). Thejobject which Dr. Farrar set before hinftelf in writing the two volumes before us, and which he has kept steadily in new during its progress, is to tell the story of that marvellous life on earth so as to enable us to realise it more clearly, and to enter more intelligently and earnestly into the mean- ing of the gospel narratives. He desired to set forth that great life on which eighteen centuries of civilised humanity had bent its adoring face, so as to win for it still more and more of tho intelligent reverence and thc appreciative love of mankind. To illuminate passages of Scripture and incidents of the New Testament narra- tive by the light which geographical research can throw upon them, to bring before the reader the sights and scenes, the habits of life, and the people among whom Christ lived on earth- this was the task which Dr. Farrar undertook, and which he has fulfilled with con- spicuous ability. In one sense this life is not an argumentative work-in another sense it is eminently so. There is little discussion in the text of the book. It is, as it professes to be, a biography. Although it is not his pur- pose to refute the arguments of objectors or even to solve scholastically the dim culties or sceptics, yet Dr. Farrar does not hesitate to deal with such. In these cases, however, he generally discusses the matter in notes. With simple ear- nestness he states in his preface, " This Life of Christ is avowedly and uncon- ditionally the work of a believer." This book therefore is not critical, but apolo- getic, and highly pictorial. The Master of Marlborough has himself visited Palestine, so that scenes and customs should be described from his own observations. Mr. Holman Hunt, con- tributes two frontispieces to these volumes-that to the first a sketch of a carpenter's shop in Nazareth, espe- cially interesting, as it seems to give the real basis of his famous picture, "The Shadows of Death." " Lady Anna," by Anthony Trollope 2 vols. (Chapman and Hall). In this story from the unwearied pen of Mr. Trollope we have the not very pleasing picture of an obstinate young lady. This resolute heroine does not, however; affect the plot or style of the fa^tiVe latter simple and attractive asv^ ^Khe works of this author. "Lesear the Universalist" By the author of "Artiste," 3 vols. (Chapman and Hall), is a novel of an ambitious kind, and is a mixture of politics and mild philosophy with romance. The Universalist means the Internationalist, and Victor Lesear, a fantastic combina- tion of impossible virtues, and a brilliant actor in impossible circumstances, is made to join the Commune. There are some Cambridge scenes which we hope are not true to life. " Geoffrey's Wife," 2 vols., by Stanley Hope. (Chapman and Hall). We have here the story of a lawyer who falls in love with his friend's wife and saves her from destruction. It abounds in mys- teries well sustained. The hero is a tre- mendous politician. He virtually sealed the fate of the Ministry by one speech. There is a murder coupled with two or three minor felonies to diversify the story ; and when we add that the hero is accused of murder we have said enough to recommend it as a stirring novel. We must admit, too, that it is well written. " Prince Serebrennt :" By Count Tolstoy ; 2 vols. (Chapman and Hall). These columes have been translated by the Princess Galitzine, and contain the story of a Prince who was the devoted adherent of the Czar Ivan, and who lived in terrible times. Curious pictures we get of the internal life of Russia glimpses of the lawless Apritchnitu or body-guard of the Czar ; glimpses too, of picturesque village life ; of old Moscow of the eighteenth century ; the rude court life ; thc despotism and savagery of the Czar ; the bloody rule of favourites, and old Russia strange half barbaric, yet attractive. The story is not artistically told. It is scarcely a romance of an English type. But for manly varied interest, and for literary ability it is incomparably before the make believe stories which are so con- stantly issuing from the press. Probably in no other book in the English language has the old Russian life been so vividly painted as here. ~ "Josh Billings' Wit and Humour:' (Routledge). Mr. Billings is witty no doubt, but the currants in his cake are too much " like angels visits, few and far between." " Sum marry rakes to convert them. Thiz is a little risky, and takes a smart missionary to do it," is witty, but would be none the less soproperh/spelt. " What I know about phanning " is the name of an essay full of humour. One of the best sayings however, with which Josh Billings is acredited is this, " the highest rate of interest that we pay is for borrowed trouble." "Mildred's Career, a Tale of the Women's Suffrage Movement :" By Miss Ramsay ; (C. J. Skeet). This tale is written in a lively manner, and describes the career of a young lady who has been thrown upon her own resources, and endeavours to earn an honest livelihood in other than the usual paths open to women. The book is very suggestive, and raises more questions than society at present cares to answer. "A Little Lower than the Angels," By Fanny Aiken Kortright ; (Sampson Low and Co.) The author of this book belongs to a different school from Miss Ramsay. Mrs. Kortright does not think that women should com- pete with men in all their occupa- tions, but appears to think that superior women should take up any useful work, and not regard it as menial. The moral tone of the book is high, and it contains many admirable suggestions on many points. We give a few remarks. "Supposing a man's income, however handsome, is to die with him, or that it is drawn from such sources as to render its continuance peculiarly pre- carious, where would be thc self-sacrifice of the daughters who would decide on waiting entirely on themselves, keeping their father's, their mother's, and their own chambers in nice order ? ¡¡Vhat great self-denial would be involved un|rowing cunning in dress-making, exercising taste ? in millinery, getting up fine linen, laying the tables, making and mending the house linen, repairing their own clothes with neat care, and then accunjrfKng for their future subsistence the large sum which all this would cost?" " The Crusades :" by J. W. Cox, M.A.; 2S. 6d. (Longmans). Mr. Cox seeks to present, in a few pages, a picture of the great religious wars which began in thc eleventh century. He has no great admiration for the Crusaders, on whose "brute force" and licentiousness he freely expatiates, while he speaks in favour of the Turks. " The wolfish howl- ing" of the preachers of the Crusaders, their " beastly debauchery" andcruelty, are always on his lips, while he is never weary of extolling the government of Saladin. It is his aim to dissipate "the halo of false glory " round the Crusaders. He paints Godfrey dc Bouillon as by no mcansunquestionable character. Richard Cour de Lion is held up to scorn as an almost contemptible militar}' leader. " Worthless in themselves and useless as as means" for founding a permanent' empire in the East, the Crusaders were only beneficent in their indirect effects. Such is the teaching of this interesting and able little book, a model of thc art of condensation. " A Few Pages from Real Life :" Hy Mrs. Bemal Osborne; 2 vols, j 16s. ; (Chapman and Hall.) These are not Volumes of travels, though Italian and Turkish journeys figure much Li them. This book is not precisely a diary, though many pages seem literally taken from tile author's journal. It is not a collection of essays, though often Mrs. Osborne stops lo moralise in a garrulous vein. It is not her old letters, or her friend's conversation, or the records of scandal, or the chitchat of fashionable life; it is not thi , although these ingredients go far tu form the curious farrago entitled " A few Pages of Real Life." To some people thc naivete of her style will be amusing, but such effusions will hardly satisfy any sensible w^rson. Much of the book, it may be ^Ö^'?°utally remarked, is written with fcowf'ÍÍP disregard of grammar, and aliogíííier it is an extraordinary pro- duction. "The Church and the Empires. Historical Periods :" By the late Henry W. Wilberforce, preceded by a memoir of the author, by J. H. Newman, D.D., with a portrait; 10s. dd. (King and Co.) The Rev. H. W. Wilberforce was the youngest brother of the late Bishop of Winchester, whom he strikingly re- sembled. He was a pupil of Dr. Newman, who had much influence over him, and by whose teaching he was induced to turn aside from the Bar to become a clergyman, and in the end, a member of the Roman Catholic Church, and proprietor and editor of the Weekly Register und Catholic Standard. Dr. Newman knew and loved him well, and he lias penned a few words in memory of his old friend. Few though they are, they are full of interest ; and many will peruse with deep attention the description of Mr. Wilbeforce's position after he threw up his benefice in the Church of England. The article on the Gallican Church and the pretensions of Galli canism is the most striking in thc volume, but we cannot say that its con- tents are better than the fair average of reviews of books. "Magazines for September." The place of honour in the " Fortnightly" is occupied by an American writer, who does not give us at all a bright view of the labour market Of the States. The most able article is that written by the 3 editor himself, who gives an interesting review of Professor Flint's learned work on the philosophy of history. The ability of the book is admitted, but being weighed in the balance of Comte it is found wanting. The "Contemporary Review" is able as usual. Dr. Bastian expounds his views in iavour of spontaneous genera- tion. Mr. Arthur Arnold and Lord Lyttleton answer Mr. W. R. Greig's alarmist speculations ; and Mr. Matthew Arnold's poems are the subject of a careful study. ' ?? ' " Fraser's " commences under a new editor-Mr. W. Allingham, who, .it. is well known, has long had an, important share in its management. He lias given us one or two articles of much value in this current number. One of themas on the state of the South since the civil, war, and is full of information of a sur-' prising kind-surprising at least to all who thought the States had stood still. A. K. H. B. again greets us pleasantly, and tells some good stories of which the following are some :-" In my youth I heard ah exemplary clergyman who was somewhat weak in the pulpit, relate with much good nature how an elevated drover whom he met in a coach did in all kindliness try to gloss over this in- feriority. " Ah, Dr. B.," said the drover, his heart wanned by good bargains at a great market, " ye dinna ken me, but I ken you. I'm whiles in your parish. There's no a better likit man onywhere ; yer own folks just adore ye. Wha cares aboot preaching?" Truth, you see, must be recognised, but how deli- cately insinuated. It was as when a Scotchman abroad declared that no such grapes grew in the world as those which in Scotland ripen in the open air. " But I must premise," he added, " that I like them a wee sour." In " Macmillan's," Professor Cairuess makes a reply to Professor Golden Smith's arguments against woman's suffrage. We cannot quote more than the following sentences in reply to the chief point of the latter :-If I were asked to name the principal clement of weakness in the family as things now stand, I should have no hesitation in pointing to the want of sufficient subjects i of common interests between man and woman. It is owing to this that matrimonial engagements are entered into so rarely on the basis of any broad intellectual sympathy, such as might furnish some security for lasting affection; and so often at the bidding of impulses and fancies that do not outlive the honeymoon, and it is owing to the same cause that so very large a proportion of the lives of iu"* husbands and wives are spent practically apart, with little or no knowledge on the part of either of the objects or whims that engross the greater portion of the other's thoughts and energies." Sir Rutherford Alcock gives many hints as to the future of thc Chinese Empire, and bids us shake off the delusion that the "Celestials" are standing still or lethargic. The "Cornhill" has two or three good articles. " Far from the Madding Crowd "-powerful as ever is continued. Christopher Marlowe is also a highly valuable critical study by Mr. George Smith, whose literary essays have justly made their mark, "Marlowe" is pro- nounced the pioneer af Shakespeare, and the extracts justify the high praise. Tlie "Gentleman's" contains a beauti- ful sketch called "Wharfdale and its Graylings " and redeems the rest of the magazine from traces of the autumnal dull season. His " Atlantic Monthly " is excellent, according to its wont, bul lias rather too many stories. " Belgravia" is a pleasant number, the contents being of an unusually varied character. Mr. G. A. Sala writes a chatty paper on "What f's to be done with St. Paul's," and other articles are also interesting. ATUIAI..-lt waa not until a Bridgewater woman read tho recipe in halt a dozen different papers Unit she concluded to give it a trial. Wc refer to that recipe which says that " a tablespoonful of sawdust placed in each boot «ill kool) thc feet both dry and wann." Thc husband of this Bridgewater woman was always complaining about cold feet, and so thc other morning she poured two tablespoonfuls of sawdust into his boots. Thc result rather surprised her. Ile slipped on his boots, atc his breakfast, nud started for his place of business. He had not gone twenty-five yards from the house before lie retraced his steps, and commenced to orate on profane history. AR soon ns he got into thc dining-room, he i assisted one boot efl* with thc toe of the other, and kicked it against a five-pound mirror, while its mate struck his seven- year-old son on thc head, and made him yell lustily. Ilia wife, seeing that something ailed her husband, asked, "What's the matter, dear ?" Ile said something that sounded like "Jain it?" gathered np his boots, and after emptying out thc sawdust, replaced them on his feet, mid shot ont of thc house with his feet warm clean to thc roots of thc bair of his head. His wife thinks maybe she used thc wrong kind of sawdust. 