THE NOVELIST TT E" OLE S I L A S. BY J. S. LE PANU. ? CHAPTER XLVI.-MILLY'S FAREWELL. À few clays' time saw mo much botter. Doc ? Jolks was so contemptuously sturdy and posit on the point that I began to have comforta ' doúbts'aboút the reality of my ghost ; and havi still a horror indescribable ot the illusion, if si it were, the room in which it appeared, and eve: . thing concerning it, I would neither speak, nor, far as I could, tlaink of it. . So, though Bartram-Haugh was gloomy as w as beautiful, and some of its associations awi and the solitude that reigned there sometin almost terrible, yet early hours, bracing exerci and the fine air that predominates that regii soon restored my nerves to a healthier tone. But it seemed to me that Bartram-Haugh ^ to be to me a vale of tears; or rather, in my s pilgrimage, that valley of tho shadow of dea . through which poor Christian fared alone and tlie dark. One day Milly ran into the parlor, pale, wi wet cheeks, and, without saying a word, thre her arms about my neck, and burst into a paroxyí of weeping. " What is it, Milly-what's the matter, dear what is it ?" I cried aghast ; but returning her eic embrace heartily. "Oh! Maud-Maud darling, ho's going, to sei me away." "Away, dear! where away? And leave r alone in this dreadful solitude, where he knows shall die of fear and grief without you ? Oh.' : -no, it must be a mistake." " I'm going to France, Maud-I'm going awa Mrs. Jolts is going to London, day after to-morro and I'm to go wi' her ; and an old French lady, 1 says from the school will meet me there, ai bring me the rest of the way." " Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-o-o-o !" cried po Milly* hugging me closer still, with her hei ? buried in my shoulder, avid ? swaying me aboi like a wrestler, in her agony. "I never wor away from home afore, exce; that little bit wi'ye then, Maud; an'I love ye better than Bartram-better than o' ; an' I thir I'll die, Maud, if they take me away." ' I was just as wild in my woe as poor Millj and it was not until we had wept together for full hour-sometimes standing-sometimes wall ing up and down the room-sometimes sittir and getting up in turns to fall on ono anothei necks- that Milly, plucking her handkerchh from her pocket, drew a note from it at tho san time, which, as it fell upon tho floor, she at om recollected to be ono from Uncle Silas to me. It was to this effect : " I wish to apprize my dear niece and ward i my plans. Milly proceeds to an admirable Frene school, as a pensionnaire, and leaves this on Thur day next. If after three months' trail she finds in any way objectionable, she returns to us. If, c tho contrary, she finds it in all respects the cha ming residence it has beou represented to me, yo on the expiration of that period, join her ther until the temporary complication of my affai: shall have been so far adjusted as to enable me 1 reçoive you once more at Bartram. Hopinc fe happier days, and wishing to assure you that thre months is the extreme limit of your separatio from iny poor Milly, I have written this, feeling alas ! unequal to seeing you at present.. " Bartram, Tuesday. " P.S.-I can have no objection to your appriz ing Monica Knollys of these arrangements. Yoi 1 will understand, of course, not a copy of this let ter, but its substance." Over this document, scanning it as lawyers do t new Act of Parliament, we took comfort. Af te: all, it was limited; a separation not to exceee threeinonths, possibly much shorter. On the whole too, I pleased myself with thinking Uncle Silas'i note, though peremptory, was kind. - Our paroxysms subsided into- sadness ; a closi correspondence was arranged. Something of th< bustle and excitement of change supervened. 1] it turned out to be, in truth, a " charming re si dence," how very delightful our meeting in France with the interest of foreign scenery, ways, and faces, would be ! So Thursday arrived-a new gush of sorrow-r new brightening up-and, amid regrets and anti cipations, wo parted at the gato at the further end of the Windmill Wood. Then, of course, were more good-byes, more embraces, and tearful smiles Good Mrs. Jolks, who met us there, was in a huge fuss ; I believe it was her first visit to the metro polis, and she was in proportion heated and im jiortant, and terrified about the train, so we had not many last words. I watched poor Milly, whoso head was stretched from the window, hor hand waving many adiuex, until the curve of the road, and the clump of old ash- trees, thick with ivy, hid Milly, carriage ancl all, from view. My eyes filled again with tears. 1 turned towards Bartram. At my side stood honest Mary Quince. " Don't take on so, Miss ; 'twont be no time pas sing ; three months is nothing at all," she said smiling kindly. I smiled through my tears and kissed the good creature, and so side by side we re-entered the gate. The little young man in fustian, whom I had seen talking with Beauty on the morning of our first encounter with that youthful Amazon, was awaiting our re- entrance with tho key in his hand. Ile stood half behind the open wicket. Ono lean brown cheek, one shy eye, and his sharp upturned nose, I saw as we passed. He was treating me to a Mtoalthy scrutiny, and seemed to shun my glance, for he shut the door quickly, and busied himself locking it, and then began stubbing up some thistles which grew close by, with tho toe of his thick shoe, his back to us all tho time. It struck me that I recognised his features, and I asked Mary Quince. "Have you seen that young man before, Quince ?" " Ile brings up game for your uncle, sometimes Miss, and lends a hand in the garden, I believe." "Do you kuowbis*name, Mary?" ' « They call him Tom ; X don't know what mo Miss." " Tom," I called ; " please, Tom, come here fo: a moment." Tom turned about, and approached slowly. '. waa more civil than the Bartram people usual were, for he plucked off his shapeless cap of rabb skin with a clownish respect. " Tom, what is your other name ; Tom what, rt good man ?" I asked, " Tom Brice, ma'am." " Haven't I seen you before, Tom Brice ?" I pi sued, for my curiosity was excited, and with much graver feelings; for there certainly was resemblance in Tom's features to those of the pc tilion who had looked PO hard at me as I pass the carriage in the warren at Knowl, on t evening of the outrage which had scared that qui place. " 'Appen you may have, ma'am," he answer quite coolly, looking down the buttons of 1 gaiters. " Are you a good whip-do you drive well ?" "I'll drive a plough wi' most lads hereaboivi answered Tom. " Have you ever been to Knowl, Tom ?" Tom gaped very innocently. " Anan," he said. * " Here, Tom, is half-a-crown." He took it readily enough. "That be very good," said Tom, with a no having glanced sharply at the coin. I can't say whether he applied that term to tl coin, or to his luck, or to my generous self. " Now, Tom, you'll tell me, have you ever bei to Knowl ?" " Maught a' bin, ma'am, but I don't mind i I sich place-no." : As Tom spoke this with great deliberation, lil j a man who loves truth, putting a strain upon h memory for its sake, lie spun the silver coin tv, j or three times into the air and caught it, starir at the while, with all his might' I " Now, Tom, recollect yourself, and tell me tl truth, and I'll be a friend to you. Did you ric 1 postillion to a carriage having a lady in it, and think several gentlemen, which came to tl ; grounds of Knowl, when the party had the j luncheon on the grass, and there was a-a quarr I with the gamekeepers ? Try, Tom, to recoiled j you shall, upon my honour, have no trouble aboi it, and I'll try to serve you." Tom was silent, while with a vacant gape li watched the spin of his half-crown twice, an then catching it with a smack in his hand, whic he thrust into his pocket, he said, atill looking i the same direction "I never rid postilion in my. days, ma'am. know nout of sich a place, though 'appen. I maugh j a' bin there ; Knowl, ye ca't. I was never out c Derbyshire but thrice to "Warwick fair with horse be rail and twice to York." '. You're certain, Tom ?" " Sartin sure, ma'am." And Tom made another loutish salute, and cu the conference short by turning off the path an beginning to hollo after some trespassing cattle. I had not felt anything like so nearly sure i this essay at identification as I had in that of Due ley. Even of Dudley's identity with the Churc Scarsdale man I had daily grown less confident and, indeed, had it been proposed to bring it to th test of a wager, I do not think I should, in th language of sporting gentlemen, have cared ti " back" my original opinion. There, was however a sufficient uncertainty to make me uncomfortable and there was another uncertainty to enhance tin unpleasant sense of ambiguity. On our way back we passed the blenching trunki j and limbs of several ranks of bar'tless oaks lyinj ! side by side. Some squared by the hatchet, per j haps sold, for there were large loiters and Romai numerals traced upon them in red ink. I sighec as I passed them by, not because it was wrong fully done, for I really rather leaned to the belie I that Uncle Silas was well advised in point of law But alas I here lay low tho grand old family de corations of Bartram- Haugh, not to be replacée for centuries to come, under whose spreading boughs the Euthyns of three hundred years agc had hawked and hunted ! On the trunk of one of theBe I sat down to rest Mary Quince meanwhile pattering about in un meaning explorations. While thus listlessly seated, the girl, Meg Hawkes, walked by, carrying a basket. " nish !" she said quickly ns she passed, without i altering her pace or raising her eyes; " don't ye speak nor look-fayther spies us ; I'll tell ye next turn." " Next turn"-when was that ? Well, she might be returning ; and as she could not then, say more than she had said, in merely passing without a pause, I concluded to wait for a short time and see what would come of it. After a short time I looked about mo a little, and I saw Dickon Hawkes-Pegtop, as poor Milly used to call him-with an axe in his hand, prowl i ing luridly among tho timber. Observing that I saw him, he touched his hat sulkily, anei by-anel-by passed me, muttering to himsftlf. He plainly could not understand what business I could have in that particular part of the Windmill Wood, and lot me see it in his counten ance. His daughter did pass me again ; but this time he was near, and she was silent. Her next transit occurred as he was questioning Mary Quince at some little distance ; and as sho passed precisely in the same way, she said "Don't you be alone wi' Master Dudley no where for the world's worth." Tile injunction was so startling that I wns on the point of questioning the girl. But I ? recol lected myself, and waited in the hope that in her future transits sho might be more explicit. But one word more she did not utter, and the jealous eye of old Pegtop was so constantly upon us that I refrained. There was vagueness and suggestion enough in tho oracle to supply work for many an hour of anxious conjecture, and many a horrible vigil by night. Was I never to know peace at Bartram Haugh ? Ten days of poor Milly's absence, and of my soli tude, had already passed, when my uncle sent for me to his room. When old Wyatt stood at the door, mumbling and snarling her message, my henrt died within me It waa ?ate-just that hour when dejected peop] feel theirjanxieties most-when the cold gray c twilight has deepened to its darkest shade, an before the cheerful candles are lighted, and th safe quiet of the night sets in. When I entered ruy uncle's sitting-room though his window-shutters were open and the wa streaks of sunset visible through them, like narrow lakes in the chasms of the dark western clouds a pair of candles were burning ; one stood upo the table by his desk, the other on the chimnoj piece, before which his tall, thin figure stoopec His hand leaned on the mantel-piece, and the Ugh from the candle just above his bowed hen touched his silvery hair. He was looking, as i seemed, into the subsiding embers of the fire and was a very statue of forsaken dejection an decay. " Uncle !" I ventured to say, having stood fe some time unperceived near his table. "Ah, yes, Maud, my dear child-my dea child." He turned, and with the candle in his han< smiling his silvery smile of suffering on me. H walked more feebly and stiffly, I thought, than had ever seen him move before. " Sit down, Maud-pray sit there." I took the chair he indicated " In my misery and solitude, Maud, I have in voiced you like a spirit, and you appear." With lils two hands leaning on the table h looked across at me, in a stooping attitude; he ha< not seated himself. I continued silent until i should be his pleasure to question or address me. At last lie said, raising himself and looking, up ward, with a wild adoration- his finger tips eic vated and glimmering in the faint mixed light " No, I thank my Creator, I am not quite foi saken." Another silence, during which he looked stead fastly at me, and muttered, as if thinking aloud "My guardian angel.!-my guardian angel Maud, you have a heart." He addressed me sud denly-" Listen, for a few moments, to the appea of an old and broken- hearted man-3 our guardia] -you uncle-your suppliant, I had resolvei never to speak to you more on this subject. Bu I was wrong. It was pride that inspired me mere pride." I felt myself growing pale, and flushed by turn during the pause that followed. "I'm very miserable-very nearly desperate What remains for me-what remains ? Forfcum has done her worst-thrown in the dust, her whee rolled over me ; and the servile world, who follow her chariot like a mob, stamp upon the manglet wretch. All this had passed over me, and left mi scarred and bloodless in this solitude. It was n< fault of mine; I have no remorse, though mon regrets than I can count, and all scored with fire As people passed by Bartram, and looked upon it¡ neglected grounds and smokeless chimneys, thej thought my plight, I dare say, about the worst i proud man could be reduced to. They could noi imagine one half its misery. But this old hectii -this old epileptic-this old spectre of wrongs calamities, and follies, had still one hope-mj manly though untutored son-the last male scion j of the Ruthyns. Maud, have I lost him ? His fate I -my fate-I may say Milly's fate;-we all awaii your sentence. He loves you, as none but the verj young can love. And that once only in a life. He loves you desperately-a most affectionate nature -a Euthyn, the best blo<?d in England-the las! man of the race; and I-if I lose him I lose all; and you will see me in my coffin, Maud, before many months. I stand before you in the attitude of a suppliant-shall I kneel P" His eyes were fixed on me with the light of des pair, his knotted hands clasped, his whole figure bowed toward me. I was inexpressibly shocked and pained. " Oh, uncle ! uncle !" I cried, and from very ex citement I burst into tears. I saw that his eyes were fixed on me with a dis tal scrutiny. I think he divined the nature of my agitation ; but he determined, notwithstand ing, to press me while my hopeless agitation con tinued. " You see my suspense-you see my miserable and frightful suspense. You are kind, Maud; you love your father's memory; you pity your father's brother ; you would not say, no, and place a pistol at his head P" "Oh! I must-I must-I must say no. Oh ! spare me, uncle, for Heaven's sake. Don't question me-don't press me. I could not-I could not do what you ask." " I yield, Maud-I yield, my dear. I will not press you ; you shall have time, your own time, to think. I willy accept no answer now-no, none, Maud." He said this, raising Iiis thin hand to silence me. "There, Maud, enough. I have spoken, as I always do to you, frankly, perhaps too frankly; but agony and despair will speak out, and plead, even with the most obdurate and cruel." With these words Uncle Silas entered his bed chamber, and shut the door, not violently, but with a resolute hand, and I thought I heard a cry. I hastened to my own room. I threw myself on my knees, and thanked Heaven for the firmness vouchsafed me I could not believe it to have been my own. I was more miserable in consequence of this re newed suit on behalf of my odious cousin than I can describe. My uncle had taken such a line of importunity that it became a sort of agony to resist. I thought of the possibility of my hearing of his having made away with himself, and was every morning relieved when I heard that he was still as usual. I have often wondered since at my own firmness. In that dreadful interview with my uncle I had felt, in the whirl and horror of my mind, on the very point of submitting, just as nervous people aro said to throw themselves over precipices through sheer dread of falling. 