THE ALMANACK. ORDER OF ANNUAL PROCESSION. THE following arrangements are made for properly inaugurating the publication of the Punch A Inanac for 1875. Bands of -music have been expressly hired from Bourke-street (drum and fife), Palestine (jews' harps), Cape Horn (small-tooth combs), Whitechapel (lark whistles), Abattoirs (marrow bones and cleavers), Collingwood Flat (old tin kettles), and Africa (tambourine and bones). The Acting Chief Justice will act as Master of the Ceremonies for this occasion only. Deaf Mutes. The Past Mayors, gorgeously arrayed in whitey-brown paper. A Man supposed to have the small-pox. Two hot saveloys, in their Sunday clothes. Her father's cousin's grandmother. The chorus in a Richmond furniture van. Attorneys in fits. Bottles of snaps. An ex-Chief Secretary exclaiming, " Ah, ah, a day will come," &c.; Railway porters, laden with future complaints, charges and accusations. A Dutch shoemaker, his last appearance. Little boys, inside out. The Falls of Niagara and other tumbles. Sergeant of Police, with a broken thumb. German Consul, with his lip turned up. A Zollverein, in fits. Private Asylums, in marching order. Colonel Commandant, with a piece of chalk, drawing his sword. Anvils, in knickerbockers. Mr. Aug. Sleight, suitably appalled. Three Cots and a Cotterell. A photographic gal awry. Two tanners not worth a shilling. Two men in a state of abject wonder. Intoxicated ghosts, singing "Slap bang." Smashes turning somersaults. Fulton's Foundry men, with casts in their eyes. Standing orders sitting down. The Age, with two horses in the shafts and three leaders. Scholars, matriculating like mad. A one-eyed bull dog. Half-hatched chickens. Sheep-trotter boys, in uniform. The black line and two red ones looking blue. Land courtiers and agents. Boot- factorists. A lot of Little Wanzers. Prosperity and wisdom. Sixpence. Sixpence. Hurroos. Bands of Music, in layers three feet thick. The Recorder—his train (a special one) held by Mr. Heginbottom. The Mayor of Melbourne (on his peg-gate house.) The Health Officer. The Bourke-street Coffee Stall, The Swanston-street Coffee Stall, walking three abreast. Madame Angot's daughter, in a superb dress, trimmed with spoons, fiddle pattern. Mr. Slack, in a new (law) suit. The New Dog Act, which will only pass on this occasion. Figure of Bacchus, seated on a barrel of Sunbury wine, rampant. The Honorable Member for Williamstowu. Struck Oil all of a heap. Him, Her. Blondin's Tent, drawn by sixteen lead pencils,richly caparisoned. A Fitzroy Larrikin. The supposed nephew of Prince Bismarck, in the state uniform of the colored fire brigade. A detachment from the Kew Asylum, With all their tiles loose. The Local Force, in echelon. " Spaiks and Sounds." The Editor of Punch, in his best hearse. The Carandini family, eating bread and treacle. St. George's all and nothing left. Two tailors on strike. The member for Ripon and Hampden looking pleased. The man that struck Buckley. The Harbinger of Light, in a white apron. Discoverers of Gipps Land, twenty abreast and two deep. Founders of Port Phillip. The Speaker, in his state perambulator. The back numbers of Melbourne Punch, in polonaises. State Schools and teachers, with paid up salaries. The Russell- street astronomer, taking a sight. The Outer Circle, arrayed in Oakleigh(ves). Free Selectors, Dummies, and Jumped-on Squatters. Sergeant Dalton. Small boys. Sewing machines. Mr. PUNCH, in his triumphal _ Albert car, drawn by the Arcade beadle in undress. The ALMANAC, mounted on a chocolate cream. More sixpences. Public Applause, Deaf Mutes. Ex-Mayors, 17£ abreast. Mr. J. T. Smith, weeping. Mr. M'llwraith, weeping. A man leading a lot of measles. Two baked potatoes, in elegantly trimmed jackets. Her mother-in-law. Conspirators, eating ham sandwiches. Barristeis, weeping. A load of bark. The Mayor of Bacchus March. Dr. Thudichum, with a colic. Fancy groups of enthusiastic public servants. The fools of a lot of families. . Little boys, upside down. Two rope-walks, and a rope-walker. Constable, attired in sticking-plaster. Prussian Consul, red in the face. A Turn Yerein, in hysterics. Lunatics, in laced straight jackets. Colonel Bull, in battalion •drill. Anvils, with cocked hats on. A grave- digger, by permission of Mr. Hamlet. Nursemaids, armed with clean bibs. An Artist, making faces. A lost found-ry man locked out. Two men struck with astonishment. Two spirit mediums, in wicker-work. Collisions, in bibs and tuckers. A cat, on three legs. Castles in the air. Port Phillipics, in small clothes. Points of order, with daggers drawn. Yesterday's Argus, in a print dress. Two boys, running up a column. A shocking galvanic truck. Two inner circulars, black-edged. Land Board Officers, in panniers. Tame Larrikins. Noiseless Singers. Virtue and its own reward, Sixpence. Sixpence. Huzzas. The Procession will march eight hours, traversing all the Melbourne rights-of- way, cleanec. up 