<& ^HRILLUfÖ BOMANCE. he ig, too, of course 1' replied Edith, named carelessness, « Why shouldn't o reason against it myself-not the " \ V$<MÄne, dear, you ought to go to ^ed. Wheçe^ Mademoiselle Clotilde?' v * She win ^,owè room, papa' * She is * 1jensibl| girl, to keep early hours \ \- only I think íknqw what my little girl was p waiting for-a kies from her foolish o'd » lither Qood night, love-and may you have Irfweeter dreams than the ojge.. from which I Aroused you just now V- ' |; How fervently Edith echoed this prayer, it fis needless to describe, as she put up. h«r arras íabout his neok, and kissed him with playful Slenderness, ï f Good night, dear-dear-dear papa 1' .. & And so she left him. No sooner had the door closed on her, than Íthe cheerful look Mr. Trelawney had assumed Jn order to deceive her,' deserted him sud- denly, and a terrible gloom settled on his . haggard face. ÍVÍ ' If ehe knew me as I am,' be thought, I lt}would not her pure soul shrink from me with rinexpressible loathing and contempt? She Hoves and believes in me now, and heaven for Pbid that she should ever be undeceived ! ¿Better die than lose,the heart of my child, \- and forfeit her respect.' He was still pacing the room, absorbed in his bitter thoughts, when a wild, scared figure K darted in to him, and clung to him frantically, FxJtoo terrified to speak. [ ' What Í6 it, dear ?' he asked, very gently ; Kur Mr. Trelawney could be very tender where i^e loved so much. lp ' Oh, papa, 1" have seen something so terri ?Pblei* she answered, when she could at last pspeak. lp '.There, sit down,' he said, drawing her to lithe' couch, ' and tell me all about it. What B^ras thiB terrible thing V > Ku\ 4 j don't know-and that makes it BO much P Worse ! But th¡6 was how it happened. I b had sent my maid away, aud was sitting in plront of the glass brushing my own hair, »Then I heard a stealthy step outside, IpKÜiere'ß papa stealing off to bed, softly, of j course, (or fear lie shóuldn t wake this ridicu- lous ine, who 8 supposed to he fast asleep in r bed/ said I; 'i'll give him a little surpnjjse.' ?¿ Bo I went ou tip-toe to the door, caudle in hand, opened it. Very softly, and there was . Something so dreadful, papa i' And Edith li id her face in his shoulder, shuddering. ? * Can't yuu describe it to me, love ?' 4: *Papa, it was Sir Percy de Strattons ghost/ . * My dear Edith I» . * I saw it so plainly, and it was dressed just \- as he was dressed in the picture, and had stark, staring eyes, just like his eyes. He j looked straight at me, and then I made a rush along the passage to come to you ; and as I. passed the place where he had been, there was nothing, not ewen a shadow.' .,- ' There is some mummery here-and a cruel mummery, too,' said Mr. Trelawney, angrily ; 'but I will have the matter ßifted to the j ,bottom before I stösp. Where was Made- moiselle Clotilde all this while V , * She was in bed, I think.* j 'I wonder .you did not go to her room, as it * is next to-yours.' * I preferred to come to you,' replied Edith, who^fead a former experience very mach on_ her mind. ' Clotilde is so brave herself trw ehe laughs at my fears, but you are always considerate, papa ; and I do assure you I have told you the exact truth. ' I am sure you have, my love ; and I mean to investigate the affair/ He rose as he spoke, and rang the bell. .... The butler answered it-immediately, and his look of surprise reminded Edith of her deshabille. . She braided her long hair, and tied it to- gether into something approaching its usual fashion, and fastened the band of her elegant peignoir, whilst Mr. Trelawney was saying, *Miss Trelawney has just been greatly frightened, Cox, by some man "who has man- 1 aged to get into the house. As he probably J disguised himself for the sake of plunder, I think we had better search the place, Will i you, therefore call the other men-servants, and let them bring lamps, for I mean to go even into the cellars.' ' Very well, sir, answered Cox, and he j bowed and retired. 'I must go with you, papa,' Edith said ; . I could not stay here by myself.' ' There. ÍB no need for that, dear ; wô will go and rouse Mademoiselle Clotilde, to keep you company, and then I will piale two of the servants outside the door, whilst the rest of us are busy searching. You would not be afraid then ?' ' - She W that he had fl strong feeling agaiußt it, and yielded at once» They ^ëjnt|È^eî^r, to Ciotilde's door, «nd the French jíá was sleeping *> soundly, that ehe did not at firs^her their knock. Bat \ when she had been awakened, and made to j understand what they wanted, they heard her bustling about her room, and, in an extra- ordinary short space of time, she appeared before them, her dark hair gathered smoothly into a net, and not the faintest sighn of haste or disorder in her simple but elegant deshabille. ' I am sorry to have kept you walting,' she said, < but I always sleep heavily when there is thunder in the air« I hope you haven't been here long V ( Not more than a minute, certainly ; but it is I who ought to apologize fer disturbing you, mademoiselle.' ' Oh, pray, don't 1 I am so glad to he of use I* Shut up iu the room with Clotilde, Edith was seized with a peculiar feeling as regarded her companion, whom she watched with a kind of fear and fascination, as she glided noiselessly backwards and forwards in the little boudoir, her smooth, silent movements, her supple grace, and sombre, burning eyes, giving her the semblance of some beautiful creature of the panther breed, who was re- straining her ferocity to make more sure of her spring. Edith chided herself strenuously for having allowed such an idea to get possession of her, but the comparison took such a strong hold of her imagination, that she could not get rid of it again, in spite of her efforts. At last, Clotilde stopped short in her walk facing Edith, and said, with at eagerness that was almost convulsive, ' I wonder where they are now V 'Who?, ' Your father and the men. Have they readied the collers yet, do you think ?' ' I have been afraid to listen. I should be quite sorry if the man were caught, after all.' 'Then why did you send them after him?' ' I didn't ; it was quite papa's idea.' ' If you had kept quiet about what you had seen, all would have been well,' replied Clo- tilde, coldly. 1 But supposing it was a robber V ..' A robber dressed like Percy de Stratton?' ' Why liot, if he wanted to frighten us 7' ' Well, I doubt considerably whether it would have been worth his while, ma chere, because when he was taking notes of Sir Porcy's costume, in order to personate him, he might as well have robbed the house at once, and have done .with it. But I must tell you candidly my own opinion ÍB that you were the victim of a delusion. People of vivid imagi- nations do have strange visions at times.' ' But I am really positive I saw what I describe this time. I could not have been mistaken.' ' Then it was Sir Percy's ghost, assuredly.' ' Oh'don't say that,' cried Edith, in great distress. fI would rather tweuty robbers than one ^host.' 'Anil would rather twenty ghosts than one robber. I can fight against anything tangible, but a spirit is beyond me, and a dan- gerous enemy, I should say.' ' But you don't believe in ghosts, Clotilde ?' ' As much as I believe in anything else, and certainly more than I believe in your robber, Edith, unless it were some masquerader, who, having heard of the fame of Miss Trelawney's beauty, had come to steal a kiss.' ' I think my ghost is more probable than your masquerader.' ' Hush !' cried Clotilde, sharply ; ' they have found something.' Without another word she opened the door, and, passing the servants on guard, leant over the banisters to speak to the men who were gathered into a group in the hall below. ' Miss Trelawney is anxious to know if any thing has been found ?' she said. The master answered her himself.^ . Nothing, at present, tell her, for Perkins's lamp fell just as we were going into the inner cellar.' ' It was knocked out of my hand, sir.' ' Hush ! Nonsense !' said Mr. Trelawney, lowering his voice. 1 You stumbled, Perkins.' ' Because somebody struck out at me,' per- sisted Perkins, obstinately. ' I was all right before that.' ' But we must have seen if any one had been there.' ' Being carried, the light flickered so I couldn't see an inch beyond myself ; but I'm right positive-' A warning touch of Mr. Trelawüey'fl hand on his arm stopped him suddenly ; and then Clotilde, whose hearing was supernaturally quickened by excitement and suspense, heard Mr. Trelawney whisper, ' It's no use frighten- ing the ladies, anyhow, and we shall soon know the truth.' | Thc women-servants, who had suspected ¡ nothing, it would 6eem, hitherto, took fright i «dent, it would seein, and ibis tim* lie trusted no one to take the lead bnt himself, though all his serrants were valiant enough to desire the post. <<.-. * Clotilde went back to Edith, then. 'There isn't-much harm done as yet,' she said. ' 80 fai1, they have only discovered that the cellars are draughty.' And she continued her restless pacings to and fro. But her face was calmer now, and Edith lost some of her fear. In about twenty minutes Mr. Trelawney came up-stairs, and Edith ran eagerly forward to meet him. 'Well, papa?' -» ll - ' Well, my lore ; we haven't found the man.' ¡ He didn't think it necessary to add that they had made a discovery which filled him with a certain uneasiness, nevertheless, and could not be thoroughly investigated until daylight came again. The inner cellar was a large place, with several small cells in it, with the names of the different kinds of wines they were intended to hold, written in large letters «hove the open- ing leading to each. But one of these had no shelves, and the rubbish that had collected there had evidently been so recently disturbed, j that it attracted Mr. Trelawney's notice at once 9 and he called the men, to direct their several candles in this direction/ The back of all the cells was of woodwork, but as he examined this one he found a rusty bolt; and pushing against it with all'his might, it yielded several inches, showing that it was only prevented from going father by some obstruction behind. ! A soft gust of the fragrant night air came in, so sweet, that it must have passed over the flower-beds, and suggested that this way of egress was by the gardens, and probably so well concealed by the shrubs and plants as hitherto to have escaped detection. ' Don't speak of this before the women,' said Mr. Trelawney, authoratively. ' We will lock both the cellars to-night, and to-morrow I will have the matter looked to. It Í6 clear that somebody knows of this door, and uses it for some purpose of his own. That is the worst of these old houses ; there is so much that is mysterious about them. However, we will soon set this matter to rights ; and mind what I say, not a word of what we have dis- covered before the housekeeper or any of the maids. He led the way back as he spoke, giving orders for every door to be fastened behind him, and in thc hall he dismissed all the men, andonee more went np- stairs to Edith and Clotilde. Both the girls' faces brightened when they heard what he had to say. ' 1 shall not go to bed,' he added ; ' so you may feel perfectly 6afe ; and I should suggest that you and Mademoiselle Clotilde share one apartment to- night, for your mutual comfort. I hope, however, I am not suggesting any- thing that would be disagreeable to your friend.' ' Oh, sir !' exclaimed Clotilde, in a hurt tone, ' you may be sure I shall like it beyond everything. Come, dear !' and she linked her arm in Edith's affectionately. But how was it that contact with the soft, satiny skin of the French girl chilled Edith as much as if she had touched marble or steel. She felt herself shudder, and knew also that Clotilde had noticed it, for there was au odd little smile on her lips, halt amused, half dis- dainful, as she said slily, ' Perhaps Edith would rather dispense with my company, sir ?' ' Mr. Trelawney laughed, as if he thought it an excellent joke, ' Confess,' he said, that you are both glad of the chance of ah extra gossip.' And conducted them to their chamber-door in great state. Almost as soon as it was light, Mr. Trelaw- ney crept cautiously down stairs, and, unbar- ring tho front entrance, went out into the garden. He thought he knew where to look for what he sought, but, nevertheless he was a good hour before he found it ; and theo, as he expected,t it was a very narrow door, painted green, to match the : shrubi, which so successfully hid its where- abouts. Taking careful nôte of its exact locality, he returned to the house, giving a morning salu- tation to the gardeners, who were just begin- ning work ; and, satisfied that all was safe now, he lay down on his bed, still dressed, and snatched a few hours of restless sleep, to help j him through the weary routine of the new j day. j Before another night came, he had taken such precautions, that he believed no intruder could possibly make good his entry into the house, unless it was the ghost of Sir Percy de Stratton, who was afflicted by the presence of ; strange people in his ancient home, that he could not rest quietly in his gfaVe. armad from town, aud'Mrs. BnrfiJws vas bè^~ iginning to feet a little" anxious aboucher, when elie heard the door open, and a «low, ' .soft step came along the passage» * Mar/ V she called ont> There was no answer s but Mary, if she it Were, was evidently desirous to escape unseen at the moment, for she quickened her pace, and had reached the bottom of the staircase, when Mrs. Burrows, who had a great objec- tion to anything that looked mysterious, sud- denly darted out, and taking her by the shoulders, turned her face round to the light. Well, my dear !' she said, rather sharply ' I am not afraid to meet you, if you are not" afraid to meet me V Mary's eyelids dropped at once, and a faint blush, mounted into her pale cheek. ' Why should I be afraid to meet you, aunt?' , 'That's just what I want to know, Mary, and you can answer the question better than, me. For my part, I never do anything that makes me ashamed to face my fellow^crea tures.' , . Mary felt as if her secret were in peril, and lifted her head defiantly. ' You have no right . to think that I do, , aunt, because I happen to be tired and want a rest before I have my dinner.' * Well, you do look pale, I must own,* an- swered Mrs. Burrows relenting. 'Did you walk ali the way home ?' 1 Not quite.' ' You got a lift from some of the market folks, I suppose V Mary hesitated before she answered, ' Yes ; I got a lift, aunt,' came slowly after a pause. ' Anybody you know V persisted Mrs, Bur- rows, who was very curious. Mary dare not say it was, for Mfr she should have to give the name, and so it was necessary to tell a direct falsehood herc, and assert that she knew nothing of the person who had so opportunely befriended her, ' Some farmer, of course,' observed Mrs. Burrows. ' But you had better got off y^ir things, and como to dinner. We shill haVe yonr father here soon now.' Mary was only too glad to get away, and contemplate this new self, who was no. longer Mary Brent, the innocent child of an honest farmer, but a brazen creature, who was deceiv- ing every one, and learning to lie quite glibly. She fottud a letter from her father to say that he should be at Barnstown on Saturday, when Mary might return with him if she chose, for, after all, home was very lonely without his little girl. These tender words pierced Mary's very heart. ' It will kill him when he knows how un- worthy I am of all his love and care. But, perhaps, I shall be allowed to die before that time comes, so that he may believe in me ta the last.' Mary hardly knew how ehe met her father. He put his hand kindly on her bowed head, and looked into her face, before he kissed her ; and as Mary was flushed with shame, he said, ' You look a deal better for your change, dear. I don't see that there can be any harm in taking you home j and the place is so lone- some without you, I can hardly bear myself.' ' Then I musn't go away again, father.' ' Nonsense, Mary ! t am not so selfish as all that. Whatever is for your good, lean make up my mind to, dear.' * But you have nobody but mo to take caro of you, father.' ' I shall have to learn to take care of my- self before long, Mary, that's certain. Giles and me had a big talk last night, and he doesn't seem to fancy waiting much longer for his wife.' Mary bad not the courage to tell him the truth, even about Giles. She tried to per- suade herself that it would be better to wait j until her husband was able to acknowledge her, so that Brent would have less pain in the . discovery. It would be terrible to have Giles courting her ; but she trusted to her woman's wit to keep him at bay* Come what might-< - even if sile told her secret-he should never , kiss her again j that would be too terrible# too degrading. ' . '? , Mary found, when she reached home, tlifefc Giles had been invited to supper to celebrMo her return, so that her struggles began|W once. There seemed no reason why, when he fi&e4; her out of the cart, he should not take a kiss« even if Brent had been looking that way, Which he was not; and, under ordinary cir- cumstances, a very' slight resistance would have been admissible. As it was, she gave a sharp cry, and literally fought her way out of Gile's arn^^ ^^^^fefcyfô cotiïinnfiff.. , ^^^^^^^H¿^dT~uith ali hiá . thia^^^^^^^^^^^B|^Oîtes clem 