HORRIBLE CASE OF HYDROPHOBIA. (fbom the sew yoke tktbdke, juke 26.) Those who have doubted the existence of hydrophobia were taken aback yester day by the death of William M'Cormick, of No. 309 East Fifty-first-street, whose case exhibited all the most pronounced symptoms of that disease. A little over a month ago Mr. M'Cormick, who is a butcher, and also follows the express business, was bitten by a small dog. The wound was upon the hand, and was so slight that it seemed to be only a scratch, and of no importance whatever. His wife and family expressed great anxiety on account of the stir about mad dogs ; but he laughed at their fears, assuring them that the dog was not mad, and that there could be no danger. The dog was taken to the pound and killed, so that there has been no chance to prove whether he had rabies or not On Mon day, Mr. M'Cormick began to experience pains in his neck, and abont his shoul ders. He believed that he had rheu matism, and again laughed at the fears of his wife and family. He continued to grow worse, and applied liniments and fomentations. He did not consult a physician, and continued abont his busi ness as usual On Wednesday at ten, Mr. M'Cormick complained of feeling a peculiar creeping sensation coming up his back, and spreading over his shouldersand the back of his neck. He told his wife that he felt faint, and she brought him a glass of water. He took the glass in bis hand, and placed it to his lips to drink. His teeth closed upon the edge of the glass, his lips became purple, and his face pre sented the appearance of a person as phyxiated by choking. The muscles about his neck were contracted, and he caught his breath rapidly, and at inter vals could not breathe at alL Dr. Hed- dou, of No. 155 East Fifty-first-street, was sent for, and reached the house as the spasm was passing off. The physi cian examined the patient carefully, and pronounced the case one of true hydro phobia. He prescribed anodynes, and went out, promising to call again at ten o'clock. Dr. Heddon called upon Dr. W. E. Leavitt, of No. 149 East Fifty- first-street, and requested him to call with him npon Mr. M'Cormick. At ten, as agreed upon, they met at M'Conmck's house, and went to the patient's room. Without hesitation Dr. Leavitt said that he considered the case one of pronounced hydrophobia. Since the former visit, the case had advanced very rapidly, and the convulsions followed each other with great rapidity. Seeing that the patient would soon be beyond the control of the family, male nurses were sent for. The most powerful anodynes and narcotics seemed to have no effect, and -the disease increased rapidly toward a fatal termination. At a quarter past three yesterday morning the convulsions were so terrible that the nurses coold not con trol the patient He would straighten himself ont and then spring with his might to throw himself from the bed. Ffis jaws snapped together, and froth ran from his mouth in streams. Perspiration rolled from all parts of his body, wetting through his shirt and the bedding. His face was livid, and from time to time his throat seemed to contract, until the large muscles stood out in cords. His agouy was intense, and even chloroform could not be given to quiet the convnlsrons. At length a patrolman was called in, and sent to the Fifty-ninth-street Police sta tion for help ssd a straight jacket. Sergeant Fanning sent Roundsman West with the straight jacket and to render snch assistance as might be necessary. With their united strength the straight jacket was applied, "and then more con trol could be exercised over the patient The physicians remained with Mr. M'Cormick all'' night, bat their efforts were unavailing Yesterday forenoon Drs. William A. Hammond, Hogan, C. Y. Russell, Hamilton, Yiele of the" Board of Health, Tattle, Cremin, E. D. Leavitt, and other scientists were called in to see the pationt. They made a careful examination of the facts con nected with the case. Each symptom was weighed with the greatest care, and every point upon which issue conld be taken and discussed frilly. At length they derided that the case was one of true hydrophobia, and that no donbt could be cast upon its genuiness. The time that had elapsed from the bite of the dog agreed with the usual time of incubation. The slight nature of the wound did not militate against the diagnosis, because many of the most pronounced cases of hydrophobia on re cord have come from just such punctures. The healing of the wound was natural, and this is usual after the bites of rabid dogs. The first symptoms and the rapid progress of the disease agreed with the scientific investigations in previous cases in London and Paris. The fatal ter mination must soon come, and then a scientific investigation is to be made, and the microscope may reveal import ant facts. The treatment had been the free administration of anodynes and narcotics, as far as possible, but the con stancy with which the convulsions rapidly followed each other made the adminis tration of any remedies uncertain and dimcuru unnng the afternoon M'Cor mick was constantly in a stsce of spasm. So rapidly did ther follow one another that the c>nvulsioDS seemed almost continuous. About four o'clock signs of weakness were shown for the first time, and it became evident that a change was near. A title chloroform : was administered, am? afterwards the patient was a little ea&er;, and tried to speak. Before his sentence conld be finished, another spism came on, more terrible than any. His back was bent like a bow, and tie entire weight of the body rested upor the head and heels. His jaws crashed together, and once his teeth went throigh his toague, canting it to bleed profusely The blood and froth ran from his mcnth, spattering over his face and the bedclothes. Then giving a tremendous struggle, almost bursting the bonds of the ftraight-jacket, he threw himself over upon his side. His jaws were clenched so tightly, that they cracked in the terrible strain. The agony was intense. In a few moments, just as the clock was striking five, an ashen hue began to spread over bis face. The muscular contraction relaxed ; the jaw dropped, and Mr. MHTormick's terrible sufferings were over. Death was welcome, for no person conld have suffered as be did. He was evidently conscious all through the terrible strag gle, as was shown by his attempt to speak just before his death. Tie straight- jacket was removed, and then the rigor mortis began to set in. Ni evidence conld be gained as to the efficacy of any kind of treatment, the rapid progress of the disease to a fatal termination m airing every effort futile and beyond man's control Sleep " as a Medicine. — The cry for rest has always been louder than the cry for food. Not that it is more important, but it is often harder to get The best rest comes from a sound sleep. Of two men or women, otherwise equal, the one who sleeps best will be the most moral, healthy, aud cfndcuL. deep will do much to cure irritability of temper, peevishness, uneasiness. It will restore to vigour an over-worked brain. It will build up, and make strong, a weary body. It will relieve the langonr and prostration felt by consumptives. It will core hypochondria. It will core the headache. It will cure the heartache. It will core neuralgia. I will cure a broken spirit It will cure sorrow. In deed, we might make a long list of ner vous maladies that sleep will cure. The cure of sleeplessness requires a clean, good bed, sufficient exercise to produce weariness, pleasant occupation, good air, and not too warnra room, freedom from too much care, a clear stomach, a dear conscience, and avoidance of stimulants and narcotics. Especially for those who are overworked, haggard, 'nervous, who pass sleepless nights, we commend the adoption of snch habits as shall secure sleep ; otherwise life will be short, and what there is of it sadly imperfect National Cueeency. — A contempo rary is writing heavy editorials on the " Unequal Distribution of National Currency." We suspect his subscribers don't pay up so promptly as they should. — American Paper. Disappointed. — The most disap pointed woman is the lady who had a lot of sarcasm for her son-in-law elect, and couldn't use it because the match was broken off on the day before that ap pointed for the wedding — American Paper. Thin. — An Irishman remarked to a companion, on observing a lady pass, " Pat, did yon erer see so thin a woman as that before I " " Thin ! " replied the other ; " botherasliun i I've seen one as thin as two of her pnt together, I have." A Waening. — A contemporary says : " A young lady in Lancaster, Pa., broke her arm the other day while turning a somersault," Young ladies are generally clumsy at snch things, and we have often warned them never to atttempt snch per formances until they have learned how; — American paper. A curious spiritualistic revelation is given by an American contemporary — " The spirit photographs, which pass current among credulous spiritualists for genuine ghosts of the departed, are pro duced in various ways. The latest, and most scientific method is as follows : — The plain back-gronnd screen, before which the titter is placed in order to have his portrait taken, is painted beforehand with the form of the desired 'spirit,' the paint being composed of some solution of quinine. When this painting dries on the screen it is invisible to the eye ; but it sends ont rays that have power to im press the photo plate, and thus the image , of the person, together with the quinine ghost, are simultaneously de veloped npon the negative." Twenty or thirty years ago, when missionary enterprise was in its infancy among the islands of the South Seas, Captain Summers of the American navy, anchored his sloop-cf- war off one of the Marquesas. The next morning he saw an American flag floating from Lawn, Union down. This excited him fretfully, and he sent off a boat at once to enquire into the matter.: Presently the boat re turned, and . brought a. grave-looking missionary. The , captain's anxiety tan h'gh. " Whafls the trouble out there I" he asked, . "quick 1" I, am grieved to eay,tir," ary, "that the natives Lave been interrupt ing oar spiritual exercises." " What — what was it you said they'd been doing!" It pains me, sir, to say that they have been interrupting onr spiritual exercises." " Man them starboard guns 1 Stand by, now, to give 'em the whole -battery !" exclaimed the captain. The astonished missionary hastened to protest against each rigorous measures, and finally suc ceeded in malting the old tar understand that the natives bad only been breaking, np a prayer meeting. " Oh, is that all ?" said he j "I thought yon meant they'd stopped your grog P Dean Swift, in pasting through the county of Cavan, called at a homely but hospitable house, where he knew he should be well received. The Lady Bountiful of the mansion, rejoiced to have so distinguished a guest, runs np to him, and with great eagerness and flip pancy asks him what he will have for dinner. " Will yon have an apple pie, sir ! Will you have a gooseberry pie, sir ! Will you have a cherry pie, sir f Will you have a currant pis, sir! Will you have a plum pie, sir ! Will you have a pigeon pie, sir!" — "Any pie, madam, but a magpie." Some men never lose their presence of mind. In Milwaukee a man threw his mother-in-law ont of the window from the fifth story of a training building, and " lifted np tenderly " a feather-bed, which he carried down-stairs safely in his arms. ' The musical pitch, tie Pall Mall Gmette states, has lowered a half tone at Dnziy-I&ne.; The same concession to the ease and convenience of the vocalists was made at Covent Garden, and it is sop- posed to be at the desire of a popular prima donna that Sir AfiAhax Costa has been induced to sacrifice a little bril liancy in the tone of his band, and to end a much-vexed controversy. 