LITERARY NOTICES. J XHK Magazines tilts month aro Tory intoreitinf because while they do not contain loss than th usual amount of notion, they contain moro of th . general literary element embodied inthougtful an readable articles. THE CoNTKMPOKAiiy, for ir 'stance, the most advanced and thoughtful of a. the British magazines, has eight able articles, au< four out of these are on theological topics. Tm ÇQBîiHIIiI*, too, lins some wóü-wrítteu papers The current number of THE FOUTNIOUTI.Y, alsc hos several striking articles, ono pf wilie: was written to show tnata Republic ls impossibl in France. The writer of this article, who pro fesses to have resided in Paris for n long tim« says that Franco cannot yet dispenso with th strong men to rule her, and cannot uvon venturo V lay aside tho revolutionary method entirely une suddenly, fraught with ovil aa that method is, au< tending alwayo to perpetuate itself. Ile oontendi that a. generation or two of tho present unrest wil bring Franco down to the level of nSpanish-Amo rican .Republic. Ile regards tho triumph of Buo napartism as extremely probable. A review of Mr. Swinburne's "Bothwell," another by Mr. Fre- derick Harrison, on Mr. G. H. Lewes's " Problems of Life and Mind," and one on "Missionary Religions,' by Mr. A. C. Lyall, with a reply by Professor Mn> Mull er, aro iucludod in] tho programma of TUB FoitTNiOHTLy, and are samples of the stuff out ol which tho current number of that journal is made This list of title» might bo greatly extended, bul the foregoing will sufficiently show that tho jour- nalism of tho month will ropay perusal. In Tun CONTEMPORARY there aro several capi- tal articloB by Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Hutton, and others. Mr. Hutton discusses the subject of latent thought, and shows that the suppositions involved in the phrases, latent thought and unconsciout cerebration, involve insuperable difficulties, s Hie paper is o masterly one, and effectually disposes ol the superficial philosophy of Dr. Carpenter on this subject. Mr. Brassy's paper on "Co-operative Production," is valuablo, becnuso it is prastieal and interesting, becaura it relates to events notv current in the United Kingdom. There is much informa- tion, as well ns sound advice, ia his article. He says : It la scarcely necessary to Insist on tlic-vast development ol our ou-oper»Uve organb-.itiou. The tubular return, recently pieuutod to Parliament un clio motion of Ur. Morrison, one of tb» mott earnest and judicious fi leuda al oo- opor»tlou, 6cti roi th tile staUstlual result lu B moat remarkable enumeration Th« number of co-opeialivu societies In England und Wu le» la 1*6; the numbul- of members, 300,187 ¡ of whom 6u,000 wore admitted, and M.OOü withdraw. In 1C72. Tile sliuro capital amounted nt the end of 1872 to Xi.781.000, and tito sums of ilu,110,iOO were poid, nnd £I1,S7B,W0 received during tho ye»r lu cash for nooda. The disposable net prout realised (rom all sources amouutcd to £807,743. Thoo enormous suma give proof that tho principles of co- operation, In lu application to tho distribution of couimodltiet among consumers, is convenient and puoUcablo, and effects n, considerable saving ol expensa It cannot, ttierefoi j, bo doubted that tho co-oporotivo system tonda to diminish tho business of that largo clnüa who carn their livelihood lr tho retail trado of the country. As tho co- operative system 1B moro and more generally adopted, many who might have oarnrd un lncomo ns shopkeepers must seek »ut another carter In the 'rnasltlon Bingo, ioma Buffering may b^ experienced by individuals We truat, however, that ol timo for tile absorption in otiior oliumjois of the labour und cupitsl displaced by co-operation. Furl>ier, lt lt to be o served that tho retailers may, by a hotter system ut trad'ng, lind themselves ubio to affotd their customer, thc utno af vantages whiuh thuy now receive at tho oo-opVrutlve stores. Itc-ail prices liavo been enhanced by tho uawholeaomc system of long credits. Tho business of the Individual retailer has generally been so small that a. decent livelihood could bo errnod only by making a high profit ou a limited number of transactions, ir the ret ii lera' business were ooHoontraUHl In fewer hunda, and the credit system were abolished ; it tho sound commercial prlnolple- were adopted of looking for a largo aggregate gain by means of small profit» but qmok returns, and by making a «mall per oentago on a large turn over; tho public might find that the exceptional advantages it now offers need not he oonflued to the co-opera- tive system. Tim main-foment of a oo-oporativ« store ls a task, not with- out difficulties. The members who withdrew from these societies in 1871-the returns for 1873 aro not completed-were half a» many in number ns tlicno who lulned. Tho retailer« may, therefore, reasonably infer tli'ï they aro competing with rivals who havo serious prob'.'"mB to solve i and Instead of Idly complaining, they m-^ mBet tho competition of the oo-aperatlvo stores, b'; on improved organization of their own trade. FnAZEB's MAOAZINK has a well-written article on 'Tarty Government,* in which it te said that Party government, no doubt, has'Ita convenleno««. It I» useful to ¡uva joaloui rivals on tho watch to expose job«, and to detect flagrant InonpjcUy. The nntlou ¡«, tor tire uresent. ? well content with it, and baa ahowu by the lat« oleot on» a ' determination tbnt lt sholl Ve preservad. Yet, ll tho Bad cala ar« right, party government la nour It« end. They tell Ul that, al'toniS they havo been donated, tbclr principles have liol been defeated , , . _ There io now. they say, i o real dlfferonoo between Conser I vatlva and Tory. Ho ono propose« to nudo the part Wno ZT.» «.¡£¿1« i>Kland must govern In thc same spirit and on ?iTf ¿Ür u££«t -.regress. If this be true, their viotory has taSJSlí'^' "«». "«a been too o .replete, arm > -"to ivlth which change» ibnll Disagreement a. to the mere .. . .," tw0 purtIeS ,u th8 be carriod on will not suffice to mniii»~ -í nnallv nre House of Commons. If Radical opinions !.»>» . ...¿BB ' ratted, they will not l> ng be loft to te adminlsujffiO ».,» -, tervatlvcs. The present Conservative lenders may rétala »». attitude ol resistance during their on lives, bul they win flad no aueoesBcrs to prolong a hopeless struggle for a lost ', eau**. Talent, enerby, and ambition will choose tho aldo on . »blob a suooo*sfiil tarier is possible. Tho Constitution will sUeiit!v chango its character Thero will be no longer-fin opposition capable of undertaking the management of tbe country; ana, ¿ooordlDg to Mr. Gladstone's theory, tbs few forlorn dttft'iidors of the a>ld weys will not even be justified In resisting In detail tho domlnaut fnotlon. Their functions will be ovor. Tile constitwwlîlca may now nud then have .hair intervals or impatience: the country may again wish, aa lt did but February, for a ohangu cf men ¡ Lut the men will not bo found ; tho materials for u Conservative Govern- ment will no longor exist. Buoli a timo may como. Popular Governments have Hitherto glided into doniocrnolea-und democracies ss uni- formly perish of their own exceed If tiley osonpo a violent end ty faction, they die of n, disease willoh they cannot eecape. JJLCSI ara made hy nature unequal, lt ls vain, tboroforo, to treat them os If they wero ciiual. The nbleaml onergotloinsist on gaining an outward position which shall distinguish tbsm fre>m their fellows. Under democracies nublo avenues to dls ttnotloa are closed. Equality is too jealous tn allow dlff.'r sDoss of rank and powor. Differences of wealth remain. The pursuit of wealth becomes then the predominant passion, de- grades the national character, raises to emhienoo the least ( worthy of elevation, corrupts those who obtain lt by luxury, a false aud unworthy ambition in those who aspiro to it. and barine Inverted society, lifts to the top the vulgar and corn man plaoo, aud Hlnga the worth and intellect ii.to the duet heap. Democracy itself is overthrown by the nature which it has Insisted on defying. The great Liberal measures of the last forty years have been Intended, all of them, to increase individual liberty, to abolish artificial restraint, interference of authority, and privilege of class or institution. The productive energy of the nation then only shows what it is capable of, wheu each jicroon ls left as fsr os possible his own master, free to choose his own career for himself, free to mo bin own faculties to his own best ad vantage ; flung on his own resources, to sink or swim, and left - to And tile plaoo for himself willah belongs to hi» character and capabilities. The grounds for dissatisfaction with tho existing manage- ment of things were, forty years afco. so many ana so serious that a |>erJod of reform was Inevitable, and the English people, naturally enough, took the reformers at their word, and really believed that a new era was opening upon thom. Vor some time symptoms have appeared of a onange of feel- ing-a doubt whether the progress ef willoh they hear so mnoti is progress In a safe direction. They have desired, at all events, to stand still for a while and survey their sitaatiou. Tho Liberal oamp woro showing signs, in 1887, of serious dis- organisation. Mr. Gladstone discerned In tke Irish Church a last means of reuniting his followora, and the measures for tho pacihnntlun of It-oland havlug been ilulv passed, and the mlrjlvlngs of tho oouulry having been rather Increased than diminished by tho icaiili, Mr. O sdstouc bas been dismissed ; his party has collapsed, and Ibo Conservatives, af cr ii prac- tical eclipse of almost 'inti ii century, have been entrusted, once more, with tho charge of the State. Is lt a pause in tho down-hill ro id from mero passing woarl IIena? Is it that thc English havo begun again to understand that there are two kiwis of liberty-tho liberty of anarchy, willoh Is death, and the true liberty, which alono ls worth a wis« man's oarlpg for, the liberty which ls made possible by ohedleuco to national authority ? In nlthir case the attack will be renewed; und the respite will be brief. If tbs reaction bas honest purpose ill lt, wo BliaW see no more attempts at tinkering the constitution. Constitutions ara but means to civls. loo vcoplu of liiiKlnnd havo uskod for bettor food, bett er clothes, bettor houses» bettor education, ii fairer share of the wealth which they have bellied to produoo. Our ema- iling millionaires him. replied, " Wo cannot glvo you what you oitll a fair .illaro nf our profits. We will glvo you votes Instead, votes willoh will oost us bathing, and willoh wo know very woll how to control." Thia ls nut« reform to whlcb, a Conservativo Minister should condescend. Counterfeit coln of this kind ho may wsll lo.wu to tim opposite pnrty. niï oblef business at present la reform nf another kind-a reform of his own followurs. ff he .-a i ivirry ibo aristocracy with him lu passim; measure^ for the geuiral advantage, which shall have some rollsh In thom of solf-saorlilen ; lr ho can per siiailotlinm that tn rotnrn for their splendid inherit ince» they own ii debt, to tho pimplo whlnh (buy aro ready ta recognise and pay, tue Homo of lairds may a -alu boeomo n reality, and wrost from its rival some share of thc puwor willoh Uss passed If this ko possible, if men ol wealth and rank continue to accept one side of tho political economist's creed, attend ex clusively to their own interests, and do as they will with thetr own ; if their sublime function is to fritter themselves away In magnificent Indolence, as Mr. Disraeli describes them in "Lothair," then the present return to Conservatism is but an eddy in tho stream, There is no conserving what does not deserve to be conserved. From the noble lords, If from any one, we have a right to expect a noble example. If it be vain to expect that in any class high motives can be looked to as a motive force in the community. then. Indeed, we must re sign ourselves to the democratic current. Each human being among us will then set himself with an undivided heart to make money and spend it as he pleases. All of us being on the same moral level, all have equal rights, all will obtain an equal share In political power, and In a little while, distlnc tions of wealth being the most odious of all distinctions, tho great estates will follow with tho rest. Tho democratic majority will then be supreme. Then, will be but one poli tical party who will carry out their dissolving programme, till tho State is reduced finally to the congregation of self seeking atoms, which they declare to be its natural state Tho Americans are before us on the same road. Our English colonies are treading on tho heels of the Americans The same temper seems to have infected, more or less, all the Western nations ; and we may expect that the type of charac ter of which tho half educated middle-class Anglo-Saxon is the best existing representative, will enter before long intö complete possession of the inheritance of this planet. I have every respect for my kindred in the New World as well as the Old ; but If this is tho meaning of " tho progress," the praise of which is trumpeted out so loudly, the epic of human history will be wound up with tho dreariest of farces, " The Legend of Jubal, and other Poems," by George Eliot, comprises several poems which havo already appeared in th« Magazinen, and someoE which are above mediocrity, and others a trifla 'below it. The worst poem in the book, is entitled " How Lisa Loved the King," which originally ap. poured in " Blackwoods Magazine," und which is about ns stupid a story os ovor was written, Tho writer tells us, nt tho conclusion of the poem, ? in a verse which is more honest than poetic Reader, this story pleated ino long ago. In tho bright pages ol Boccaccio, And where tile author of a good w« know, Letusnotfall tu pay tho grateful thanks we owe. Wo read Hie poem from beginning to end, and when we got to tho latter, paid ow grateful thanks to tho author for having concluded his production. The versification of this poem is .as uninterest- ing as tho story told in it is stupid. The other pooms contain some striking passages, which havo the ring of tho sterling motal in them. The follow- ing is from the poum called the " Minor Prophet," which we commend to the special attention of all who love roast beef and gravy on their taters: Tis on this themo-tho vegetarian world That good Ellas willingly expands i He loves to tell in mildly nasal toucs. And vowels stretched to suit the widest view«. Tho futuro fortuue« of our infant Earth When lt will be too full of human kind To have the room for wilder animals. Saith ho, Sahara will be populous With tamílica of aenilrmen retired From commerce fu more Central.Afrlca, Who orders coolness na we order ooal, ? t And have a lobo anterior strong enough To think away tho bund-storms. Science thus Will leave no spot on this terraqueous globe ÙnOt to be Inhabited by man. The c-blef of anímalo .. ult meaner brutee Will have been smoked and ol bowed out of life. Ño Hons then shall lap Caffrarian pools, Or shake tho Atlas with their midnight roar ? Even tho slow, sllme-lovlng crocodilo. The last of animals to take a hint, , I Will then reUre for over from a scene Where public feeling strongly sets against bim. I Fishes muy lead caruivoroua lives obsouro. But must not dream of culinary rauk Or being dished la good society. Imagination In «bat distant age. Aiming at fiction, called historical. Will vainly try to reconstruct the times Whou lt was mon's preposterous delight To «lt astride live hones, which csnsumod . . Materials for incalculable cakes ; When there wcro milkmaid« who drow milk from «wi With udders kept abnormal for that end Since the ville mythopujlc period Of Aryan dairymen, who did not blaah To call their milkmaid and their daughter one Helplesaly gazing ot the Milky Way Nor dreaming of the astral cocoa-nnta Quite at the service of poaterlty. .j 'Tis to be feared though, that tho duller boys. Much given to annchrouUims and nuU, (Ellie! has confused hoys will he boys) May write u jockey for a contour, think Europa's «uitor was an Irish bull, /Stop a journalist who wrote up Fox, And Brain a chief swindler upon 'Change. . Hoya will be Boys, but doga will all be moral. With lodger alimentary canal» Butted to diet vegeturlan. Tho uglier breed« will fade from memory. Or, being pnlicontolyglcnl, Live but os portraits lu large learned book. Distasteful to the feeling« ot an ago Nourished In purest beauty. Earth wlunold Ko «tupid brutes, no cheerful queernesse«, No nalvo cunning, grave absurdity. . . Wart-pigs with tender and parental grunU, Wombats mnch flattened BS to their oontour, Perhaps from too much crushing in the ark, But taking meekly that fatality i Tile serious cranes, uustung hy ridicule; long-headod, short-lcgged, solemn-looking our« (Wise, silent critic« of a flippant age); , The «lily straddllna foal«, th» weak-brained teen y Hissing fallaciously ot sound of wheelo AU these rode products will have disappeared Along with every fault) human type, By dint gf diet vegetarian . All will be harmony of hue and lino, Bodies and mind« alt pcrfoot, limb» we«.turn«d, , , And talk quito (roo from aught orroneou». ?. . The small lyrics scattered throughout the work are better than tho more protontious poems. Th» Song composed by Hans, the tailor, given i^the poora called Agatha, and iB wliich roountsin pw stats; tito represented os singing, oa thek^W homeward, from a feast, will be specially interesti I ino-to our Romnn Catholic readers : Midnight by tho chapel bulli; Homeward,homeward all, farewell! , I with you, and you with me, . Mile« are abort with company. Heart of olary, bless the way, Keep us nil hy night nud day I MOOD and stars at f jest with night . Now bavo drunk their HU Pf light, I Home they burry, making time . Trot apace, Uko merry rhyme. Heart of Mary; mystic rete, ; Bend us all a sweet repose 1 ' ? Softly through the wood down bill, ( xiun till yon con henr the Ihliii ' Toni's v10*1,'» wnndcrlnp now, 1 Shaped just llká î Shcw-whlte cow. j Heart of Mary, morning star, I Ward off donger, near or far I ?' Toni's waggon with Its load ] Pell and crushed him In the road ¡Twixt these pine-trees. Never fear I Give a neighbour's ghost (food oheer. Holy Hat«, our God and Brother, i .Bind us fast to one another I ' , Hark I Hie mill ls at Its work, ? Now we poss beyond tim murk ¡. ¡To the hollow, where the moon -Uakes ber sllreiy afternoon, i ; .: ; Good Saint Joseph, faithful spouse, i ? Help ns all to keep our vow» I ¡Here the three old maidens dwell, /Agatha and Kale and Kell ; Bee. the moon shines on the thatch. Wo will go ami shako tho latch. . , Heart of Sfari', cup of joy. Give us mirth without alloy I . Hush,'tis here, no nobto, sing low. Hap with gentle knuckles-sol Uko the little tupping birds, ' On tho door ; then sing good words, . : i. . ? I Meek Baint Anna, old and fair, I Hallow all the snow-white bair ! Iilttie maidens old, sweet dreams 1 Bleep ooo eleen till morning beams. . Mothers ye, who help us all. Quick at bond. If lil befall. 1 Holy Gabriel, lily-laden. Bless tho aged mathcr-malden I Forward, mount tho broad hllltldo Bwlft aa soldiers when they rido. Soe the two towers how they peep, Rounrt-corped giants, o'er the steep, .. h- ? Heart of Mary, by thy sorrow, Keep ns upright through the morrow I Kow Uley riso iiuito suddenly Jjikoo man Iroui bended knee. . Now Saint Margen is in sight. Here tho roads branch off-good night I Heir! of Mary, by thy grace, . . Olva us with tho saints a plaoe 1 . Tho Jyric, entitled the " Two Lovers," embodl» tho lifo-history of many a living couple: Two lovors by n moss-grown spring i ,' Thcj- leaned soft checks together there. Mingled tho dnrk nnd sunny bair, Aaú beard the wooing tbruahos slog. O budding time T O love's blest prime I Two wedded from the portal stept i Tho bells made happy carolllngs. The air was s lt an fanning wings, "Whlto petals on the pnthwoy slept. O puro-oyed brido I O tender pride I Two faces o'er u cradle bent i Two hands above thc head wore lookedi These prosscd each other «hilo they rooked, . Those wntohed a lifo that lovo lind sent. O solemn hoar I O hidden power I Two,parents by tho evening Arel The red light fell about their knees On heads that roto hy slow degrees Like buds upon tile lily spiro. O pa ient lifo I O tender strife ; Tho two still sal together there ¡ Tho red light shone about their knees) But all tho heads by slow degrees Had gone and left that lonely pair. O voyage fast I O vanished past I Tho red light shone upon tho Moor And made t ho space between them wlde¡ They drew their chairs up side by sido,_. Their palo ohookB jotnod.nnd »aid, "Onooraorei. Omomorics? O i asl that ls I_ &YDNKY; t- Printad and . published by BA*T*1 ", 'BUNNÏTT. Solo Proprietor, at tho Hmplro OIBoe, r PHt-atrcel, Monday, 7th t-'eptombor. 