.?EROIS1o . ' Let us say, then, that true heroism must iniolve self-sacrifice. Those stories cer tainly involve it, whether ancient or mo dern, which the hearts, not of.rphilosophers merely, or poets, but of the poorest and Smostaggnorant, have accepted instinctively as the higliest form of moral beauty-the highest form, and yet one possible to all. Grace 'Darling rowing out in the storm toward the wreck. The 'h drunken pri. voaies oftthe fBuffs,' who, prisoner among the.Chinese, and commanded to prostrate '.himiself and kotoo, refiused in the name of " his counftry's honou-'" He would not bow to any. Chinaman on earth": and so:was kiocked on the hicad, and died surelyi a hero's death. Those soldiers of the Bir Aenhead, keeping their ranks to let; the women and children escape, while, they Watched the sharks who in a few minutes would be tearing them limb from limhb Or, to go across the Atlantic- for there .are heroes in the Far 'West--hfr Bret IHarte's " Flynn of Virginia," on the Cen= tral.Pacific Railway-the place is showni Sto tiravellers--who sacrificed his life for ' his maiiriied comrade There, in the drift, S.i Back to the wall, He held the timbers Re Ready to fall. Then in the darkness ' I eard him call :'" 'Run' for your life, Jaks ! Ruin for your'wife's sake!? . S Don't wait for me.'" ' :' :"Andthat as all ' H, . ' adrd iia the'din " " . " ' ard bf'Ton i nF l ; 'f~.'. " Flynn of Virginia:"' . ' Or the engine"er, againi, on the Mlissiesipp, w:'ho jihen thh steamer cisgiht fire, held, as he had sworn he woiildhei bow againt. 'thie hl"ank tillf every soul on board :got safe non shore" ? th'eot black breath of the urn''. J" 'ing boat. " , "-':' "Ji B:nidso's vocoe was heard; , Aiid thiyilli hadil triustin his arssedness, !, Anid kieWPhe 'would keep his word. I ,'!:Aild sure's .oui're bhrn,'hey all got off ,1td: ±Afore:the sinbokeatack fell, And Bludso's ghost wet up aloie ' aolwrn i 'the smoke of the .Prairie Bellei.' e0 h -i wibcen't ?'bo'iint-buzt at Judgment •?rit ml'ni runi my ohan'6 witi Jim .,:-,?.'Long~side of`some pious gentlemen -ro *Thatvwonldn't Ahake handls with him. IeH'd- seerilhis duty-a dead sure thing IC .?i? 4n4,weatifor it'thero and then; ,..And Christ ip not-going to lie too hard " :On aimai that died for maon.' ..To whichur lanti poem. of:Colonel John" ,-Iay''?s-a pril hehas wirtten- many gallant. eppo eaoatsou i noenima-Ihave bitt onaed murrer: Jim Bhtdsb'did notmerely do"'ho. duty, but; nmore'thatnibis: duty. AHe'did .,yoluntarydeed to which! he was borind'b .no code or contract, civil ol; asoral;j.i t ., as. he who iintroducdd mne to that?poe w.op; is, Victoria Crtoss-as masiy a cros, ;,VYictoria arnd,other, ihas : been: wioh---b volunteering to a -deed to which She, too, .wa bound.by no code or contract, mili tary or moral. And it is of the essence of self-sacrificeand therefore of heroism, that it shbuld be voluitpry ; a work of supere rogtion-, atleast towards ?qoiety and man: an ?t to which th hero or,heroii is not hounld by duty, but which iabove, tbuogh not a.Tainst duty.-Health idad Education. Byg Charles Siagsle;, 