How the Pope is Elected. (The Spectator.) THE ordinary election by ballot is performed by two processes repeated daily, in general—one in the forenoon, which is a simple ballot; the other in the afternoon, which consist* in the process technically called of acred ing, whereby an elector, revoking his morning's ballot, transfers his rote to someone whose name had that morning already come out of the ballot-box. Hence the designation of the supplementary ballot, for in it the faculties of elector* are strictly limited to the power of adhering to some cardinal whose name at the early ballot has been drawn. The ▼oting-pa}ierti are square and folded down, so as at each end to have aftealed portion, within the up|ier one of which in written the voter's name, to be opened only under special circumstances ; and in the other, sealed with the game seal, some motto from Scripture, which, once adopted, must be the same at all ballots, and serve* ordinarily as the means for identification of the rote. In the middle space, which is left open, stands the name of the candidate. Advancing to the altar, after a short prayer in silence, and an oath aloud, wherein the Saviour is called to witness that the vote about to be given is dictated by conscientious convic tions alone, each cardinal drops his paper in the chalice upon the altar. When all have voted, the examination of the papers is made by the scruta tors, three cardinals selected by lot, who succes sively hand to each other every paper, which the but files on a pin. Should a candidate come out with just a majority of two-thirds, it then becomes necessary to open the upper folded portions of the ballot-papers, with the view of ascertaining that this majority is not due to the candidate's own vete, it being not lawful for a Pope to be the actual instrument of his own creation. In the case of no adequate majority, these papers are preserved, ao as to be able to check, through the mottoes, the votes given in the supplementary ballot, it being, of course, unlawful for a cardinal to repeat a second vote in behalf of the candidate for whom he had already voted in the morning. The form of tendering this second vote is by writing ' Accedo domino Cardinali,' while those who persist in their morning's choice insert the word ' NeminL' Should both ballot* fail in pro ducing the legal majority, then the papers are burnt, while in all cases the portion containing the voter's name in to be opened by the scruta tors only in the event of some suspicion of fraud or of a vote being invalid, through some viola tion by the elector of the prescribed forms. There is no law whatever prohibiting the cardinals from stepping beyond their own body, i or beyond the episcopate, or beyond the priest hood—two Poj>es, John XIX. and Adrian V., having unquestionably beeu laymen, the latter of whom never took priest's orders—nor, indeed, beyond the limit* of Catholicism itself. By the I theory of the thing, the Pope having beeu elected, ; in that act receives the immediate consecration j of the Holy Ghost, and his previous antecedent | are matters of profound indifference. It is, how | ever, most unusual for the cardinals to step beyond their own body, the latest instance being I 1758, wlien Barberini, a mere monk, was nearly | elected ; and among these pictures, therefore, | the candidate is almost certain to be found. | They form a group to an outside observer singu larly unlike the popular impression of the Con clave, being usually simple old men, with hand : Moiue, gentlemauly features, and very moderate i brains. Several of them are extreme!)' learned. I Asquini, for iuxtance, having been Wweinan'w rival and friend in the schools, while Petra is a I mon*ter of erudition, es{tecially in Oriental Church history, rites, and liturgies, point* on I which Rome i* incessantly called to decide by flocks of which no one hears, and lin languages Mezzofanti scarcely knew. There is no one among them with a head quite so intellectual as Father Newman ; no one with the true ascetic face of Dr. Manning; no dreamer, unless it be Bonaparte ; no real Tor quemada, though Cardinal Patrizi, the Inqui sitor- General, and a favorite candidate, has much of the stupid severity natural to that character. | There in but one strong aggressive face, with the i fighting peasant underneath its titeadiuetirf (Car- I dinal Culleu) ; but one physically bad face, | Cardinal Vannicelli Casoni, who looks like a turf I man of the lower grade ; and but one who would : be taken for an Bnglish bishop, Cardinal Aniat di Santo Filippo c Sorgo. There are but three I who surpass the usual type—Cardinal Monaco jde Valletta, a superb face (Archdeacon Grantley etherealuted) ; Cardinal Bonaparte, exactly like the First Napoleon semiuM li^ed ; and Cardinal Riario Sforza, the j strong, but imaginative man, who would, (it is >s»id, if elected, shake Europe, as he has already destroyed the municipality of Naples, by declaring for the democracies of earth, ! as against its kings. HL» face, with its steady eyes, I clear-cut features, and broad determined chin, L» I that of a man who could have wielded the tetn- I poral power, and made Rome safe. Protestant*, ' however, if these photographs are good, need I not tremble. There are uo i>oeta, and but two ! men of genius here—Riario Sforza and Bonn- I parte—and neither will come to the top. As the majority must be of two-thirds, the votes of defeated men tend, as in an American caucus, always to the man with fewest ene mies, and he would be either De Angelis, who from his vaatage would be a moat respectable atop, gap, the Cardinals remembering his determined or cruel administration of Formo with delight; or Monaco de Valletta, so popular that he has had every poetrible promotion at theearlientpossible time; or Capalti, a name little known abroad, but Mupptxed to be a favorite with the Conclave itaetf, who«e predilection^ however, change much when they are net free by the death »f an absolute master. There will be a otrong party contending fora ! foreign cardinal, that the next Pope may look a little more round the world ; but the choice of thu party, unleM it step* out of the red-«tock inged circle, in extremely limited. The beat face among the ttix or seven foreigners i* Cardinal Moreno, a ittntely Spaniard of the Ximene* type. Cattliual Hoheulohe, a prince, devoted, it in belie\\-ed, to Berlin, and therefore out of favqjr, w in appearance an ordinary noble; Cardinal Matthieu, an over-fed French dignitary, with admini«trative ca^icitien ; and Cardinal Donnet, .1 tine-looking old lady, with Home deep sadness in her life ; Cardinal Schwartzeuburg has a weak look, v AurtriHu to the backboue, and opposed the dogma, though he ha* recanted ; but there are two cardinal* in the foreign liot with xplendid face*, even in the photographs. The church does not want a Juliux, and Home would not ltear Cardinal Cullen, Imt no one can look iv bin face and not nee which v the warrior, or, shall we say, " the \\*st of the fancy," in Conclave. Cardinal Karacher, too, the foreigner who has uuwt of the Conclave's sympathy with him, has a very marked face, a face of Hejwrate and unmistakable power, with a good deal of temper and a good deal of pride, but full of brain, and suggesting to the observer who has not seen him that of Sir George Lewi*, though lens humorous. He would govern the Church, that man, but we doubt if all the machinery of Home, enormous a* it i*, would keep him within the groove, or prevent him from manifesting a sovereign indi viduality, which would be extremely distasteful to the kiud of Italian clericals who now mono polise power. He might dissolve the Jesuit*, or declare that, the kings being gone and the popu lace unstable, earth must rely on aristocrat* like himself, or do any other great imprudence. Still, in that great election, he is one of the imminent possibilities. 