QUIt GONXUfEIiTAI. LETTER. j PAiUS, JI-KK IS. I FROM OVR OWV CORr.r.f^ONDKKT.] It requires no ghost to inform «B that we are swiftly approaching a "definite solution." The increasing violence of the Ohimber is sufficient tn prove this, in addition to the temperate, clear, and decided programme of the moderate deputies known as the Centre Gauche, and to which Thiers belongs. So long as this important "flag" party hesitated respecting the dissolution, all was uncertain. Their adhesion now to that extreme but essential remedy has quite changed the aspect of affairs. If the Assembly declines to vote the Republic on a division, and by the samo tent fails to vote the Monarchy, the various shades of republicanism v.-ill unite with the Legitimists for an immediate dissolution. For the llayalists, whose king has 110 longer a chance, it would be better, wiser, and '' more selfish " for them to labour in constituting the Republic than to leave that work to the new Chamber, where tliey will be happily conspicuous by their absence. And It would not he a very bad arrangement either were the bases of the Kcpublic, its kuel and ribs, to be laid down even by the present deputies. The general elections will undoubtedly give a Republican majority, but it does not follow that the Republic will thereby be over all its infantine ills. The new Assembly will proclaim the Republic seventeen times if you will, and as occurred in 1848, while failing to constitute it, for there is a vast difference of opinion as to the nature even of ivhat the definite Republic should be. The Bonipartists having of late gone up like the rocket have now come down like the stick. There has been some ugly underhand work in connection with their success in the Nicvre election. Gambctta's tirade against the increasing audacity of the Imperialists is felt not to be cither untimely or misplaced. Deputies who are certain to be exiled, did the Second Empire return, may be excused indulging in warmth and wrath. The absence of protests on the Royalist benches as Gambetta denounced the Bonapartists, their progress and the favours they received from Minister of Finance Magne, is silent testimony in favour of Gambetta's severity. His speech, intended for, will have a great echo throughout France, and coupled with the determination to proclaim the Republic, or better, to constitute it. will contribute to finish with the uncertain and the unknown, and also with the assaults on deputies who speak their mind. The Gfora Vicli-t of M. Mcrcie is a famous piece of statuary, and has been just run in bronze, to bo erected in a little square in the Rue Lafayette. The Bonapartists—all eyes watch them now, not in dread of their return to power—unanimously urge that this statue of " Glory to the Conquered " be placed in the open space before the Church of St. Augustin—a better site beyond doubt, only that quarter is the Corsica of Paris for the Imperialists, and the artistic gem would suit their ends very significantly. Fortunately the municipal council does not includeasingle Bonapartist—acircumstance that to many may seem ungrateful on the part of a city BO improved by Napoleon 111. Alas, Baron Haussmann's handiwork has been bequeathed to Parisians with its tremendous bill. History recounts many strange battles ; ono now rages between the surgeons of Paris that may be baptised the " battle of the noses." Since DoctorB Demarquay and the late Nelatou introduced tlio practice of "grafting" human li.'.ih, every profes- sor of medicine believes it is a matter within ordinary skill. Patients with upturned or flat noses— or, indeed, with no noses at all—have submitted to the operation of removing a portion of the skin of their forehead to cover sundry slittings, so as to give that member a "Grecian bend." The patieuts were satisfied—at least for twelve months—that the operation, if it did not mjiko them better, did not make them worse ; but after a year, the grafted noses kept growing, like the briar from the bosom of Lord Lovel's Lady Nan-see, until tliey resembled nothing human, but recalling strongly a potato, and suggesting the adoption very soon of a second horticultural operation—that of'" pruning." The question now is, why cannot ali suiyoons graft a nose equally well ? Voyagers on the Orleans line of railway can feel at ease ; the company h.is fitted up a carriage expressly for the wounded in case of accident, with medicine chest and box of instruments for surgical necessities. The waggon contains eight beds : not more the.? 1 , three severe esses of wounded ever occur at the same time oil this line, so that travellers may be assured before iiand of a berth. The line too is remarkable for numerous small aud uncomfortable collisions, and the. directors merit public thanks for their provision. A chronic quarrel between the directors of theatres and managers of all public places of amusements is the poor's tax, ranging as high as 10 per cent. The tax was hitherto struck on the total receipts, but the representatives of the poor, hi the case of a small theatre that expended 2,000 francs in bringing out a new piece, but failed to net any receipts, have gone farther—they have levied the rate on the total^of the outlay ? There is much to be said in favour of relieving the poor by striking a tariff on these receipts instead of a general rate. Amusement relieves the necessitous, just as in Paris the clergy are paid out of the profits of the Funerals Company. Tile dead contribute religious consolation to the living. A discussion of an interesting nature is taking place on the question, ought artists—in the widest signification of the term—to marry ? The evidence to far adduced inclines to Punch's advice respecting matrimony—" Don't." It is remarkable the few cases that arc brought forward of artists who have been conjugally happy. On the other hand, the multitude of painters, sculptors, literati, journalists, and philosophers whom marriage has ruined, reads like a wreck-chart. Bohemians, in face of such statistics, had perhaps better act on Shakspeare's recommendation—" Better to beartho ills we have," etc. Then those of a religious way of thinking, who likely agree with St. Paul, that it is better to marry than burji; ought, so as to secure 3s much of the " better" as is possible, and as little of the worse, never to seek a wife whose tastes, after solemn proof, are opposed to those of her intended husband's. Instances have been adduced of ladies displaying quite a gushing admiration for art, literature, etc , before marriage, and forgetting it almost as soon as the ceremony has been concluded. Maidens are said to resemble April or May when wooed, and December when wed. The discussion has the advantage of being conducted by parties evidently acquainted with both sides of the shield. Since the 2-lth May, 1S73, when Thiers was overthrown,' every railway in France, save one line, represents a serious reduction of receipts. Railway directors ought to petition for the return of the ex- President. The harvests, it i3 noted, hare not been the same since he retired cither. lousiness appears to be again dull in Paris, and without exception everyone attributee it to the Assemblj', and have made up tbeir minds that the deputies must retire. Although the summer diminishes the shopping trade as a rule, yet there can be no doubt that work is scarce, and peopl 3 are commencing to be Bulky, which is ever the overture to being angry. The poor certainly want nothing in the way of attention on the part of their guardians to raise the wind. In other countries the " rates" are the source of income for the legally needy ; in France places of amusement and charitable Jetes. The aristocracy, in the latter agency, are peculiarly forward in doing good. A fancy fete has just been held in the Champs Elyj£es, when the creme de la creme of society represented every variety of stallkeeper and Bohemian. You felt ashamed to give rive fraues for a cigar when all the world gave twenty, aud your heart knocked against your ribs at the thought of not spending like a prince having once entered the enchanted ground of the aristocratic sirens. Then bear in mind the work given to milliners and needlewomen by the special fancy dresses ordered for the occasion; the very gentlemen seemed ashamed to cuter the precincts without a new hat and a stock of gloves. There is not much anxiety felt »n to the fate of the proposed electoral law. The principle of universal suffrage will be preserved because its destruction is known not to be made in the interests of the nation, but of a party, nnd class legislation, privileged laws, are the last things to be thought . of. No objection can be made to reforming the proofs of identity of the voter; he must he prevented from personation, and be iu a position to adduce evidence of character. To lop off some millions of electors, not tu enable Orleanism to be seated as the projectors intend, but to aid the Bonapartists to again use the consequent discontent as a means of returning is impossible. Besides, the universal suffrage, wh'ch elected the present extra- Conservative Chamber, which will neither constitute nor retire, cannot bo blamed, except perhaps by the Radicals. I" the meantime, both the electoral law nnd the fiasco of the Orleanist. programme have 'materially advanced the period for the dissolution. F«r municipal electors tweuty-one years is the age that has been voted. The Fete l)ieu processions passed off on Sunday in Paris as usual within the church railings. In the suburbs the inhabitants joined in " the procession of the Good God" with much fervent piety, and the children never were more numerous. The military, too, were remarkable by their respectful attention. The uufortunaie Communist who has been shot was puilty • of H most ferocious assault at the commencement of the Commune, by attacking an inoffensive ex-policeman ; the leader of a howling mob, who stoned the poor-man to death in the canal. The murderers were hounded by wrmen, those merjfres peculiar to all cities. Will gallantly ever confer on such haj»s the rights that the law exercises .over men ? The executed man struck the truth in proclaming almost as he felt that his ruin was the result of listening to demagogues. A poor man has just committed suicide by jumping. from one of th» bridges into the Seine Attaclied to him in a sack were his pets—a cat and a parrot, three canaries, a-.id a toy doe. T ie pets lmvs been drowned, but it is expected their owuer will recover. 