PINE'S POVERTY ; OR THE COW ON SHORT COMMONS. An Oiiioinai, Story. [We commend this story, which is a " fiction founded on fact," to the ladies of our pastoral families.] The hud was sinking on tho 20th Decem ber, 187—, leaving behind him; a close atmosphere, the stillness of which was un disturbed by a single breath of wind, when a young man might have been seen slowly pacing one of the main streets of Mudville, a small town on the sea-coast of Victoria. His mien was respectable, but a slight examination served to convince tho passer by that his now seedy suit of black, which bore witness to many a careful brushing, •was the relic of more prosperous days; it might, from appearances, have been the dumb spectator of more than one fashionable ball, and have figured to better advantage in haunts of fashion and pleasure in time gone by. Ilis pale conntenauce and leaden eye spoke of sickness, which, from an emaciated • figure, had evidently been of long continu ance. The rough stubble which covered his chin showed that it had been some time since he possessed a scrupulous regard for appearauces; but if anything was wanting to prove that he and health had long parted, it was his gait, which, in any case nervous and.nnsteady, was fu?tlier impaired by the ■ weight of a double-barrelled gun. Around his neck was a large muffler, evidently an. {■old friend ; while an opening, at the front of his tightly-buttoned coat gave one a glimpse of the woollen shirty of doubtful quality, ■which'formed the basis of his attire. His liat, once, no'doubt, black, had,become, of a rusty yellow colour, and was worn in a slouching style ; while the manner in which he crossed/and re-crossed the street im pressed those who watched him. with tho idea that he desired to avoid the few people ■whom, occasionally raising his heiulj lie. saw on the pathways. The heat of the evening rwas overpowering. Tho young man's step grew slower, and, placing his gun against the wall of a shop, he stopped and rested. Here he remained some minutes, now giving' a furtive glance at the pedestrians who, flourishing their towels, were going to bathe, and again assuming the steady down ward gaze which invested his 'walk with much of the singularity I have remarked, i Suddenly his reverie was disturbed by, a : well-meant slap on tho back, which, never theless, made the recipient wince, and a voice ■which said, " Hallo, Pine'! Going shooting?" • "Yes,'" said Pine (for such was the name of the bearer of the gun. " Where arc you going ? " '"Dunno yet," said Pine, who evidently •wished to be alone. "Brown's Swamp's a good place," sug-. gested the others. "I'll come with you some evening this week." • "All right," ejaculated Pino. ''Good bye," said his friend. , Bat Jacob Pine's thoughts were on sub jects by no means connected with Brown's Swamp and its hosts o£ wild fowl.' His brain was troubled, and whose, under similar cir cumstances, would not have been There he was, the most miserable of all mundane objects—a printer out of work. Without, a. . relation that he knew of, he had hitherto managed to make both ends meet, and was -still alive, though unfortunate in every ven ture. Unfortunate ! Who could be more unlucky than the man who never won any thing— be it a game of poker or the affections of that pretty girl at Koroit ? Out of work— yes, and sickly, ill-clad, and penniless, tho solitary inmate o£ Mrs. Cramp's boarding house. There are some people whom Providcnce, sending a little wholesome adversity, by way •of bitters in their earthly cups, tries sorely. But Jacob's case was a worse one, for during •the thirty years of his existence lie bad ever drunk from the bitter cup, which intensified its acridity daily. He had borne much, and was poor. Why, then, should the dishonest select him as their victim? Why should -they deprive him of his almost worn-out property, while from the rich they could steal more valuable articles ? He owc-d ■nothing, even to his landlady; but, in the depressed state of his trade, debt stared him •: in the faee. He could not live on the people; rthe world was becoming more ungrateful. Such were the reflections of our hero on >his way home that December evening. From •the little of 'his* history which the. reader •already knows, Jacob Pine had reason to be •wretched. Many a man in his ; position would have 'been made crestfallen; for, .naturally, his temperatnent was elastic. Loss •of money would have troubled him' little, _•could ho but earn his livelihood;. but .his •indigent position now. made, every penny of ; importance. His ' latest grief had come out in weekly, and sometimes nightly, numbers ; ,-and who can bear the trouble wliich comes ih instalments? He could endure it no longer. Hence the-gun. i With-a heavy heart he went to his'Iodg •ings,'and partook, or rather stared;at, his ■evening meal. In the midst of- his medita tions Mrs. Cramp brought him a letter. Mrs. Cramp looked about sixty. Of her •age it is not possible to speak, bnt some old ..inhabitants declared that when she first came to town, some twenty years before, her appearance was but little different. In body she had become more bent, and was more reticent and solitary than ever, but thus only Lad time changed her. Piercing grey eyes, .environed by crows'-feet, a loud shrill voice, •and a cold manner, forbade the near approach of the inquisitive, so that little was known of her antecedents, save by hearing. Certain it was that she had had, at some remote time, •a husband, wlio'was dead. It was said, and ,;by many regarded as proved beyond doubt, that Mr. Cramp had been a profligate; who, ;>■ after ^running through his money, had. left his: wife little beyond the price of the, house in which she lived. Doubtless this rumour was: originated by some of those who1 had lived with, her ; for it a lodger smoked in his, bedroom, or produced any whiskey at supper, • Mrs. Cramp was stern and frigid towards him* for a week after. " She'd seen too mru'cli' of thati" K, she ' said,—"It had brought - to beggary a man of her acquaintance {wliom ■everybody respected—a man wljo originally bore a character quite as good as that |of the dissipated lodger. But otherwise: Mrs;' Cramp was a good landlady.' Her! house ..was the model of cleanliness,-and thebeautir fully furnished littlo» parlor 'in which; Jacob sat'at tea alone would have 'looked, with some jolly good fellows at the board, a per-, feet Paradise. Long had it.been since our. hero cared for mirth; had he bten so inclined; living alone with Mrs. Cramp , would not have pleased him. But, owing to opposition, board and lodging wa's at; a dis .count, all Jacob's fellow- lodgers had left, and_their places were not filled. . People who 'knew Jacob' in brighter days wondered how" he ha^. fallen .into melancholy and acquired a morbid love of seclusion; those un acquainted' with his wonted buoyant dis position said that he and Mrs. Cramp were a well-matched pair, quite fit to.livo with and for:each other.; ' .' ' I ' The letter was an inyitnHori to the wedding of one of -his friends. f Not iri the ordinary ' sense'of ^tlie terin''frieM'' do'I use lit, for jthow of Jacob's few ftcquiiititanp?? whom he ^ conld'call frieiitTs were, men with whom he j']i'hd,?6eeasi6n!illy•passed /an 'evening, jin the where,"' after Spiirpnsely./ wandering about the'streets, and repelled 'by Hlie; chill' • of his lo(l{;jng5"fi'om. going home, he some times foundhimielf.'' ! ."7',' Very kind !".'he mutterefl— « Very,kind, •indeed." '-How'very strange it is that these "people never asked meto. their .houses. How scan- I 'go: to, a wedding, in my..wretched,; threadbare .'state ? Here's my, coat, I yellow :ns a sovereign, my only pair of boots want 'soleing, my hat's tis • groasy as a butcher's apron, I haven't got a single pair of socks, and only own two white shirts—dirty ones, too. I wan't a shave, and haven't got a razor, bnt I'm not going into debt. Go to a wedding, indeed ! These hollow hypocrites know my beggarly condition, and take advantage of it. Curse their invitations ! • Mrs. Cramp ! ho shouted, puttingbishead out of the door. ."Somo more tea, Mr. Pine," inquired Mrs. Cramp, entering. "No," said Jacob. "Have yon heard anything of 'those shirts?" It's certainly most extraordinary huw they all !>o. " They've been stolen off the line, I am quite positive," said bis landlady. "Oneo£ the two that Mrs. Briggs hung outlast night was taken. "Another," exclaimed Jacob. "Yes," said Mrs. Cramp, "and two of your handkerchiefs went too. I'm quite certain tbey'ro stolen, because lots of people have liad tlieir things taken off the lines. Lust week there was a lot of shirts and towels taken from Mr. ltider's, and as for Mrs. Jenkins, next door, she's lost pretty near everything the poor woman had."; i; It is generally pleasant to have companions in misfortune, but on this occasion a know ledge of the losses of Mr. Eider (who was the Mayor) and those of. Mrs. Jenkins, one of tbe poorest widows in Mudville, did little to console Jacob. He had lost his shirts, and a good deal more, and nothing but tbe shirts andtliegood deal more would satisfy him, He did'not mistrust his landlady, who though bent with age and possessed of little, was still upright arid honorable; while lie had every confidence in the integrity of Mrs. Briggs, who washed for for Mrs. Cramp and himself on the premises, for in bis better days she had while overhauling a pair of his trousers, found a fourpenny piece, and returned it.' Still, was it not most unaccountable that a few of the community, and he iu particular, should be selected to bear the whole con-, sequences of: the work of .thieves ? When he came to Mrs. Cramp's, three years before, he had, in the words of that lady, "linen enough for his lifetime." Ho did'ut then know the number of his shirts-; now he had but one. And was'nt it strange that the rapidity of their disappearance was measured not by the number put out at any one time, but by the frequency or otherwise of wash ings ? If four shirts were placed on the line seldom it was they were all ironed ; often all would go, sometimes only one two or three. Then his socks and handkerchiefs went too. It was strange that thieves didn't steal his trousers when they Were washed ;. but then it wouldn't do to wear stolen trousers in public,, while stolen shirts might be safely ventured on, and he had now arrived at. the state When a sliirt of any description would be acceptable, He had now but two shirts, one white and one woollen. To that white shirt lie'would stick—a thief would never wear it by heavens ! aud again called Mrs. Cramp. "Brine me my white shirt," he said. His landlady shortly reappeared with the last decentiy-preserved reiio of a formerly irreproachable rig-out. Jacob took it by the shoulders and gazed on it. Had it really come to this? One shirt and no money to buy another 1 . . "You had better put it on," said Mrs. Cramp, and let the.'oue you wear be washed. " No," replied Jacob, I want it to-night, but in the morning you shall have it. And his landlady went out wondering how her lodger, who three years before wore three shirts every week, had for a fortnight worn the shabby woollen garment in which lie was then clad. Proof of Jacob's ownership in tho shape, of the mark was fast fading from his shirt, so our hero re-marked it. When he had finished, no one could have disputed his right to the linen—there was his . name written half-a-dozen times in copy-book characters. One shirt was almost useless; he would catch the thieves even a;t' the cost :Of manslaughter, and would never stop till ho had done so. And he asked Mrs.' Cramp to give him some clothes pegs, which she brought. .... . .' ' The evening to Jacob was a tedious one, for he longed to see the result o£ :tlie ex periment he intended trying. A, result it must have, for how long was.it since,there had been a washing in the course of which some article of his' clothing had'not.been lost ? About ten o'clock he took thb shirt, crept out into the' yard, and went ; to the line. When lie had hunj* it up, opposite his bedroom window, and'completed his pegging no mortal could, in his opinion, have taken it down 'without a tear in less' than five minutes, which would be ample time for observation ; the shirt was'firm as Gibralter. Then he propped it up and went; inside. Little did he know that Adolphus Yardstick the faultlessly-arrayed draper's assistant, who with a girl of his choice, was passing and saw him in his anxiety straining his neck heavenward, called her attention to the fact that Mr. Pine, once an ornament of the block, had fallen, and was now his own washerwoman. Little did' he reck ; the time had now come when the thieves who had added a last strain to the weight of his misery should answer for their deeds. Aud as he poured a handful of buckshot into each barrel of the borrowed gun, lie knew that the only unsolved question at sunrise next morning must be the inquest. That was but an after-matter; he was justified, and he thirsted for vengeance. It .was a gloriously moonlight night, too' fine thought Jacob more than once, .for deeds of robber though it favoured justice. He drew liis bed to the centre of the window, and propping pillows up at' it's' head, sat down qim in .hand, watched,, the shirt, not six yards distant. Hours went oh, and the object on which liis mind rested was. undis turbed save by" zephyrs. Ho grew sleepy, and begun to think that lie must transfer his hope to a regular washing night; thieves would not risk their liberty—(their existence he hissed, clenching, the gun)—on a'moon light night, for one shirt. "Bat he' would watcli till morning ; he might as well sleep all day as roam about. Then he began to doze and dream. Everything was white, but ho was quite black—black as night. People came to him dressed him in white shirts; they asked him for white shirts. Hah! They wanted his property did they? He would shoot—there now. And he awoke through something falling on the floor. It was the gnn. But was his shirt safe ? Yes, there it was, lloating in the moonlight with outstretched arms, not a peg disturbed. ; Jacob • began to think that, instead of shooting thieves, he might yet shoot himself. ,So he put the gun in the corner, and sat 'down in bed. it was nearly daylight, ho ■thought; surply they would not come now. And again he went, into dreamland, where. ' ghosts Bfcalked about in white shirts; : ::;;lt'iwas rpast 4 o'clock when he again re turned to consciousness. The sun was just gilding the east, in %vliich direction Jacob's ■•window'looked. Another nervous glance towards .the line, .yes, it was;- there—no, no, it wasn't, it wasn't! they'd taken a mean iad.vantage;:they, had. And out lie, ruslied madly with the gun. ' * Yes, it' liad blTen 'talcen—it was utterly gone. ^h6.'topl£,'it.? Were they anywhere, in sight 1 And ho looked into the; wood ihouse, gjized;o,ver: the, littlo picket;fence, up and down the streetbut not a' sotil was |: moving. And,; after cursing Morpheus, he crept wearily into bed, only to be woke up at oreakfast-time by Mrs. Cramp, and'realise the fact that His last shirt was gone ! Next day Jacob wandered about, as he had : done for months. He had lain down on the hill- that afternoon, debating whether he should wait for answers to his letters, or go With his swag to seek work. When it grew cold, he retraced his way home. Mrs. Cramp was ht tho'door, and sobbingly exclaimed, " Beauty's dead ! " "What—what!" stammered Jacob. "The cow's dead," gasped his landlady. "All1 my property dies suddenly. There's .poor Cramp died ina minute, and now Beauty, ) that-Imilked this morning, is stiff anil cold." ''I'm,very sorry," said Jacob j_but surely slip had been sick.'.' . ".Oh !''11,6, no, no," sobbed.Mrs. firamp. Jacob could not comfort the poor ludy, aricl walked 'Into' tlio yard. There'' was Beauty, lying down near tlio wood-heap, her little calf standing over her. He kicked her. No—dead, dead.: She hadn't bursted through eating clover ; she hadn't been killed wilfully. What could be the matter : We looked into her open mouth. There he saw something white—a pieoo of rag.. She had been choked. Gingerly pulling out the rag, ho was struck by noticing, lirst a button, and then some black marks ; and after a good deal of twist-, ing and poking, drew forth a nearly com plete shirt-sleeve, on which was . written in his own hand—" Jacob Pine." "Her mother used to eat shirts too, Pine," said Mrs. Cramp. ' ' ' "Curse the whole family." said Jacob. NIC0DK.MU3. ' 