(eOleO OUtR OWN OORnRSPONDiNT.) .Miay2. The plnughmen ard hard at work in many of the eaddocks, and those farmere who have not as yet initiated the year's opora tious ard getting everything in roeadinoes for the work. In a very,short time the long rbabhee 'of meadow land will change their vesti'ro of green for ' more sober dress of' brown. The weather is very suitable for the work. There is a good deal of low sickness about, traceablo no doubt to the dense fogs at night, and the exhalations from the stagnant water in the noighlboarhood. The ,oclket hoandker. chief trade nay be desoeribed as lively, and so nmuch" blowing" iogoing oi that Anthony Trollope would he. angry were he in our eidset. The complaints are not corioos enough to require the servicesa of our two iedical pracittiones, whoprobably consider the district disgustingly healthy. But as diphtheria is said to have made its appear. ante in eome parts of the pIrovince, those gentlemon will no doubt derive consolation from the hope oel a better time coming. We cannot be charged with nldilfforonce to those industrial enterprises which a lato popular government mado such far.sighted efforts to implant and foster in our popa lation.,: In a smnall way we are great expori menters with the capabilities of our soil for foreign products, and almost every hortioul turist dabbloes a little in the study of foreign plants and their suitability to our soil and ;climate. - Oranges are flirmly nealimratised, hops and,tobeaco have ceased to bhe wonders, Indian corn flourishes luxuriantly, arrowroot bids fair to.bo,a staple export. This list will eventually be supplemented by~opium, which has in one instanoe been produced, though merely as an experimeno. A gutleo man of experience it is said contemplates eutering.moro largely into the production of this costly drug than has hitherto been attempted, and the.saocess attending the .trial nimntioied affords' him ufficient en; couragemeont. Whel'it is remembered that an extensive atnd ready market is sltuate in our midst, and that the heavy customs duty would enable local producers to sell eheaper and yet at a very lgigh price, it will be soen howreomunerative the venture, if suoeess. fel, will be. All that remains to be proved is whether the labour necessary in the toil some process of collecting the juice from the poppies will yet leave profit for the owner. hotild experiouco answo r this in the future we may readily expect ie host of imitators, so that it is to be hoped if the venture Is seot on foot it may be attended with success. * The parishes in the distriot are advancing, slowly it is true, but with that more valu. able quality which, as legends declare, scoured to theturtlo the race. After a year's absence several additions may be noticed icn the.nucleus at Tinambla, aud the country goecerally has a more settled aspect. Bria golong also iust bhe chronicledl as steadily working its way upwards. The Mechanics' Institute w\ooc important milestone on the way, and the history of the hamlet is occa sionally marked with fresh erections. There are rumours to the eflfect that the Proshy terians think ofl builieng a church. It is a gratifying oevidoco of the vitality of Christi nuity to discover localities so remote and isolated that Ieen's thoughts on early turn to the desirability of securing those means wherchy the orcnatllncce of religion mIay be adcministered at regular intervals. Thero is a coonidclralel amoulnt of pluck aned energy in the dwellers at Briagolong, the last year or two has showB n us that for them to attempt is to do, aend it may be cuonidoutly ex pected that if they undertake the church it will become a reality. Theore io a great numher of children attendl ing tihe State School here, aund the inhabi. tarts are evidently admlirors of the Education Act. It is ca wonder tlh Board of Adcvice do not agitate for a teacher's suctablo recidceeo. It is alu improvement to which, from the attendance, imlportancce, and long esthblish ;meut of the school, and the statue of the teacher, they are fairly entitled. The depart menlt has everywhere shown its willicgneoss to provido for the comfort of its otlicers and tlhe maiatoenanc of their position by build ing substantial dwellings, and thero is no reason to autiui;ato that ill the present case this lrocedure ceould hle depated from. Short, glool:y dlays, long, woarisuono niglhts, swollee rivers and foundered iridlges, shootig prohilited, riding a discomfort, the post arriving 0 midnight--such is the long cataloguo of evils which writh the advent of cwintor stare usicl the face. How are we to pans the loeg interregnum until genial spring shall refjuvenmte the earth and our solves ? Thleor is nothing whlatover of a Saecial charoctor to nakes the tinle pacass more lightly, to fuenihe food for anticipation, occasion for rneiniiacnce, and paragraphs I to 'your owne," Nothing approaching the scmbhlanuc of e.recading-room, no ghost of a oirculating library, no penny readings, de bating aociety, choral union, or any means whatsoever to drive out egotism and rub off the angularities inseparable from isolation. Ocrtainly we aro deliuijnt in spirit and intel. ligence, and all that gous to constituto the Spirit of theo Age. 