OPENING OF THE ONKAPARINGA BRIDGE. It will be welcome intelligence to persons ac customed to travel ou the Strathalbyn-road that the new bridge in the neighbourhood of the Wheatsheaf Hotel ia finished nnft nnnnnri for tratho. The new bridge is intended to take the place of the old one, which was built over 24 years ago, and is now showing unmistakable signs of weakness, foretelling its early failure. The structure just erected is on a deviation in the road, which is shortened by 10 chains, thus doing away with a very sharp and dangerous turn on the left bank of the river descending to the old bridge from the Adelaide side. The new bridge is of threo spans, the centre 60 feet and the others 25 feet each. The roadway beams rest on arched timber ribs, built of three thicknesses of redgum on edge tirmly bolted together and stayed and braced. The platform is of two thick nesses of three-inch planking laid cross wise. Tbe masonry i3 of freestone procured close to the site. It is pitched on the face with quoins, ic, drafted on the edges. The erection is about 130 feet long, and the roadway is 18 feet in the clear. The cost of the work will be about £2,200, which will include the expense of making about 27 chains of new road. Funds were provided by a special Parliamentary vote of £1,400, and the expenditure has been under the direction of the Central Road Board. The work was commenced in May last year, so that it has only been about ten months in hand. Mr. C. T. Harerave, A.I.C.E., the Superintending Surveyor of Main Roads for the district, is the engineer, Mr. R. C. Trenouth, of Strathalbyn, the contractor, and Mr. (J. S. D'Arcy Irvine the clerk of works. The opening took place on Wednesday, March 11, although there had been traffic over the bridge for several days previously. There was a moderately large attendance on tho occasion, consisting principally of residents in tho neighbourhood, but including many persons from a distance. Miss Honsjb, daughter of the Chairman of the JScliunga Dis trict, wasfixed upon to perform the ccremony,and at the hour appointed she christened the bridge, using tho words, 'In the name of tho Great Architect of the Universe, to whom be praise and glory, I declare this bringe opeu for public traffic, and to be henceforth known by tbe name of the Oukaparinga Bridge, near the Wheat sheaf.' Cheers for the Queen, Miss Rough, the Central Road Board, and the contractor fol lowed, and were most heartily given. The Luncheon.' An excellent spread was provided by Mr. Grenet, of the Wheatsheaf Hotel, in a tent near the bridge. Mr. W. Hough presided, and there were also present the Hons. T. English, J. Dunn, T. Hogarth, and J. Crozier, M.L.C.'s, and Messrs. F. Hannaford, C. T. Hiirgravo, and B. J. Andrews (Secretary of tho Contral Road Board). After the loyal toaste had been proposed, Mr. J. Warland proposed 'The Parlia* ment' — a body for whom he said he had a great respect. He had helped to pull some of them through from time to time, and having watched their career he was convinced that they worked with a desire to ensure the welfare of the public, and to carry out the wishes of the country at large. He* was sure that the pro gress the country was making was owing in a great measure to tho good management of members. The Hon. J. Dirxx, in responding for the Legislative Council, raid that members of Parliament were but human beings, and they were liable to err, but from hi-s experience in both Houses and his observation of the Parliaments in the neighbouring colonies and other countries he believed that it would bear reasonable comparison with similar institutions in other parts of the world. At any rate he believed that since the passing of the Constitution Act there had beon less of that working into each, other's hands than ho had seen in other parts. He had often heard people boast of what they would do if they wero in Parliament, and he could give the name of one person who followed him like a ghost for years and years, saying what he would do if he got a seat in the House. He eventually got a seat and a more useless member he (Mr. Dunn) never saw in his life. It was all very well for persona out side to say what they would do, but when there were 80 or 40 men together the wisest policy was to feel your way and see what support you were likely to get, instead of— to use a* Scotch saying —rushing like a bull at a gate. Ho was happy to say that South Australia was in a prosperous condition, both financially and commercially. They were told that there was plenty of money in the Treasury, and if this district wanted anything more it had better apply for it at the next meeting of Parliament. A brother of his, who was out here some time apo, and who was a jocular sort of man, described the Government as being like a milch cow— every one ran for a bucket, and the strongest got the most (Laughter.) Whether that was the case or not, he was happy to say that all classes here were better off than in the old country, with the exception of individuals who wanted their horses at tbe door with tbre« or four men to wait upon them. They owld oot get tb»t L«t, A jDan had occasionally to saddle or harness bis own horse, and although he could pay men, he cculd not' always got them. From the mechanic and artisan dow-. to those who did the most medial work, the people of South Aus tralia had more accommodation and freedom than in the old country. (A. voice — 'Educa- tion question.') He got into the bad books of the Register upon that subject, and he was afraid he would nevor recover. (Laughter.) He felt proud as a member of the Parliament at the handsome manner in which the toast had been received. (Cheers.) The Hon. T. English, in the absence of a member of the House of Assembly, returned thanks on behalf of that body. Tbe Assembly held the purse-strings, and if they had not been loosened then this handsome bridge would not have been erected. (Cheers.) They had more par ticularly to thank the Lower House for improve ments such as this, but they must remember that the Council, having noted that the House had well and sensibly apportioned the mouev, passed the Appropriation Bill, which was agreed to on all occasions, he believed, without the slightest hesitation. It was considered that a maa must have a few grey hairs before entering the House to which he belonged; but although the members of the Council were supposed to be the old worn-out men of the country, there were four of them present that day while there was no representative from the House of Assembly. (Cheers.) He was satis fied that their members would have been present but for some substantial reason. The Hon. J. Crozieb gave the toast, 'The Agricultural, Mining, and Pastoral Interests of South Australia.' We had been rather pros perous of late, although there had been some disappointment with regard to the harvest He believed that one windy night caused a loss of five bushels to the acre. If that had been added to the crops, what a fine return that would have been. We could not contend with Providence, but should use all exertions even when appa rently baffled. No doubt a little cloud was hanging over- us, but it was not so large as it might have been, for the price of grain made up for the deficiency to some extent We must not always expect prosperity — it was by adversity that men became great. He feared we were under too favourable circumstances here — we might become rathor weak because we expected too much. The Hon. T. Hogabth, in replying, said that tbe agricultural and mining interests formod what might be called the backbone of the inte rests of the colony. The past season was far from being a.prosperous ono as regarded agri culture,'— the statistics would show that the produce was not more than seven bushels to the acre. That was not a profit able state of things, but it was an almost accidental occurrence. The shortness of the crop had not been owing to rust, as on a former occasion; but speaking of his own land, ho believed the cause was frost. Every one kuew the great influence of frost upon vegetable matter, especially in the hill districts, and he thought they should try by ever}' means in their power to ascertain the reason for the partial failure of the yield. If they found tho cause they might find the remedy. It was with no personal interest that he was in the Legislature, ; but he simply wished to serve his country. (Cheers.) He had been hooted for his opinions in regard to education, but he would bo hooted again before such an iniquitous scheme as that proposed was carried out and a yoke placed upon the people. Would they send their children along the lonely roads of the colony unguarded for two miles ? No; they would rather carry thorn to their graves. There were four members of the Legislative Council present, and they would see that there were no iniquitous laws passed. (Cheers). The Hon. J. Dunn proposed ' The Health of the Members of the Central Read Board.' Persons travelling often said hard prayers for the Board, but they could only use the funds - placed in their hands. The Eoard had done a nice thing for that neighbourhood, but ha thought they might have done batter. He believed tha$ the redgum would run with the grain and split in all directions, and that the work would turn out to be cheap asd nasty. The abutments were good, but he thought the Board might have gone to a little more expense for fron girders, which, with a little tarring, wauld l-e as good in 50 years as when put up. The Legislative Council had only the power of veto, and could not single out any' item for objection, or he would often like to vote against individual lines. He hoped that in the futuro the Assembly would aeo that the money was applied for better purposes than building bridges across the Murray. Tho bridge now being erected was one of the greatest pieces of madness he ever saw. Across the Rhine, where there was as much traffic in one day as in some months ou the Murray, there was only a bridge of boats, dnd the main roads of the colony were in a most wretched condition. Except during the first ten years of the colony's existence he never saw the roads in such a deplorable stato as now. He hoped the Assembly would hand over a larger sum to the Board and expend less on expensive toys. Mr. F. Hannafokd, in response, said the members of the Board, if they had not been able to please everybody, had done what they considered fair with tho money at their disposal. Every Government had tried to keep tho Board as bare of money as possible. In 1865 we had half a million of Lund Fund, but the Government soon spent £300,000 in the city, and only gave the Road Board what they could spare. We had a large revenue in the :≊ of rents from Crown lands and credit pur chases, the money for which must go into the Treasury sooner or later. The Parliament had -*iven tho Board £23,000 for this half-year, but it was not enough to put throe inches of metal upon tho roads. They were using tho wbolo of tho vote for maintenance, and intended shortly to ask for £100,000. The Land Fund wfcs intended to make roads to the land that was sold, but that had not been carried out because there were too many town members reprewnting country districts. Until thero was more local representation tho country districts would never have what belonged to them. About a million and a half's worth of bud must have been Bold on credit, aud the interest paid in advance. If tho country did not forestal it, they would soon aiako room for it about Adelaide. The main roods were in their present state because of insufficient funds. The Government had tried to shift them upon the country, but tho districts would not take them — they were top wide awake. (Laughter.) The roads were the main arteries of the country, and should be supported by the Government It was said that tho North should have more thau a third of the amount handed to the Board. The North had 180 milos of road, and the other two districts 230, eo that if Mr. Angas's .suggestion had been adopted the North would have had less and the other divisions more. Befoip any^ alteration took place the schedule' of main roads should he revised. Roa-is runninar parallel to railways should be struck off and feeders made, aud thon let the appropriation be so much per mile, which would do away with all jealousy. Until an independent Commission or something of the sort was appointed to' revise the schedule nothing would be done, .because too much political capital was mafia of it, and there was -«o much log-rolling in connection with it. The country would not have taxation till it was required. He knew all the country within 500 miles of Adelaide, and believed that if matters were properly adjusted we would have more revenue than was required. ^ He hoped the districts would hold out and insist upon the Government providing money for the main tenance of the roads. The Hon. J. Dckn, referring to a scheme of road maintenance propounded by Mr. Joyner, jviid that it was not fair to compare this country with Great Britain, because there the main arteries whieh had been handed over to the parishes had been superseded by railroads. The Chairman gave the toast ' The Sur veyors and Officers of the Central Road Board.' He Lad had dealings with them for 16 or 17 yeais, and never knew a more respectable and honourable lot of men. Mr. B. J. Andbkws responded. The toasts of 'The Contractors and; Work men,' 'The Ladies,' 'The Chairman,' and 'Tie Press' followed, and the preoeedings c'ci-td. Scbrader's Band was in attendance at bo& tho ceremony and the luncheon, and their i&atromentatian; was deservedly aiaired. 