ST. MARY'S-SERMON BY MOST RVV DR. VAUGHAN. six o'clock a hving stream set in towards St Mary's, and long before the hour of Vesners every seat had been taken ,,n ? «.«^ «U/T.r! to stand in the aisles. A gr^a T partof the sanctuary was occupied by ladies ancl gentlemen who were unable to find sittings in the body 3 the church, and the sanctuary doors were blocked up by eager listeners. Amongat the numerous visitors, we noticed many ww Protestants Great praise is due She VS Rev. Dean M'Carbby (whose patience and re! sources were tried to the utmost) for the great exertions made to provide accommodation for such a vast multitude. Since the opening the pro-cathedral, there has uever been so ?arU a congregation, within its walls. The officiating priest at Vespers was the Rev. Pere Garavaf who was assisted by the Rev FotW* p \ -a Quirk and B. Callachor. ThIvJf^J}^ld Dwyer ? and many other clergymen were present. The sermon wag commenced when Vespers had been sun? and occupied an hour and a caiaSer iu delivery. We append an outliW nf Jt for the benefit of those1 who were n 't P ?Sent The report is very incomplete, a3 Dr. CfXan spoke too rapidly for any reporter to keep pace with him, ami even if it were accurate, no words caii convey the earnestness and depth of feel n a winch characterized the discourse, from tnf beginning to the end. His Grace sail ? ?n th name of the Father, and of th? Son ,nA t I, Holy Ghost, amen. « And I wm 'come to tlio visions and revelations of the Lop,?' » 1 taken from the Second Epistle of t iClio the CWluans, chap, xiif and part of th?iS vei-ae. xne great end of the Church of God in her dealings with men is to draw them from visible things and fix their minds and hearts on things invisible ; but in these days of enlighten ment is it not a fact that there is a tendency to neglect or deny things invisible, to say that "sufficient for the day is the evil thereof," to occupation, have not time or inclination or perhaps opportunity, to really fix their business to think of a future state Their motto is, to make hay while the sun shines; they say we have only a short time in this world, and we will endeavour to make the most of it : and thus they reason away their belief. Men of great powers of intellect, men of generosity and affection, are thus carried away ; they forget the true end and recompense of their existence. itself will be swept away, when the very foun dations of our belief in a future life will slip from under us, and we shall have no eyes to see anything beyond our present world Although mmmm =^fr^w^-i« aco to face with the unseen wS lhere are two great historical arguments lid ! one psychological argument in fCuTof the ' belief in an unseen world, one of which we art I strictly obliged to believe: and it is useful [o I Cataohos to strengthen their faith by thoughts ' upon these-to say to ourselves, unless the ford ? lias deceived us, there must be an n,,,J, „ ,: ' * where we shall Are for ever, as certain 'as God is God. Let us examine the first great historical Sr^ Lrki°S throu«h th° bo,ks Of the Theists spreahng over the history of thousands and millions of people, we find wonderful vlfon bVtaofoun'iai f^11?3 Pheu°mei » ^*eTe5 by profound and learned men, who had b»en in structed m tbe ways of Almighty God -and mus either believe tint Go7l has deceived ub m what stands out .bo prominently b-foro u Lookat Jerusalem, the city of halloed h stor ' ojlmemoiwB ; look at the marvdloull L ot of the Jewish people; look al tae book u° the mamfestafc rm nf t.l,»;. i;t^ __ , , °.1 DQe ^.^ uwun ine, an i our Lorn «? in flaenae up n them, leading -theoi throuoh the' Btenle desert with a powerlul «overoig'^ aid when I open the sacred book and turn over the pages and read the vision* and prJphecS m spite of the Pagan nations around them, still adhering steadfast and unwavering in their f q? Sr ;^Bufc tako the New Testament from St. Matthew to the Revelation of St John, and you will find a history of marvels quite as great, if not greater, than those mani fested to the Jews. But do not all these wonders dwarf before the Incarnation of the Son of God-the Almighty Himself coming down 'from His throne in Heaven to become a little child upon earth ? Do not all the miracles of the old Law pale before the brightness of the lovely and graceful ? — ^ uuli uruB1UBU stanas r 1 say then, that taking these two books, the old and new Testaments, the people they represent, the history of the Jews, the history of CW tiamty, all added together should convince us even if unbelievers, that there is another world' another life, to attain which we must work out our salvation with fear and trembling ? a world which makes its influence f«lt in a marvellous manner. Let us now examine the second his torical argument. Before [ came here to night I opened the map of the World and looked upon the vast tracts marked as India, China Persia Africa, and America ? I also looked at the little country of the Jews ; and when I thought of the millions who occupy these great portions of this earth, and of the importance of the subject on which I was to speak to night, I felt that if I did not treat it in a large manner 1 should possibly do harm, I said— What ahnnf. Hir har,ar *t t-u^Z, people m an unseen world ? I do nob profess to be learned m the tenets of Hindoos or Chinese, but I find in those countries which have not heard of the old or new Testament a belief in an unseen world, I find that extraordinary pheno mena has occurred from time to time and that their religion is overpressed with a belief in spirits unseen. We find those who have tra veiled through India and China astounded by the wonders performed by the wise men, sooth sayers, and those who were supposed to have communion with spirits below Is it no3 sufficient, having the Christian world, tne dews, vae ragan nations, the whole mass be lieving humanly one thing, the existence of an unseen world, aud its influence on mankind— that it must be a fact ? Does it not stand to reason, that if we find iu the history of all nations a firm persuasion and belief in unseen influence, that man may safely join his fellowman in this belief ? And then we may adduce another argu mnnt, fche psychological argument of the soul. My body is connected in a marvellous manner with a soul a spirit which says /, the centre and core of my existence, I; and with regard to spirit influence, what is more wonderful than the influ ence of your own spirit upon yourself ? It is something we canuob see, cannot handle : so different from the flesh and yet united to it. We are living intellectual beings, because we have a spirit added to this flesh. A man speaks to me, I tear words ; the gradations of meaning rise to the same level in my mind as in his,— his spirit is signalling to my spirit j and when I express my £.*i ^.r uj^iu aumves your spine : i signal to you by the power of reason It seems strange when men are m difficulty about believing in spirits tint they_ shouM overlook the spirit which dwells withm them. Why do you signal to me by the power of your spirits ? There are hundreds of spirits he.e to-night sitting by other spirits, each haviui? influence one upon another. What a subtle power pervades my body, directiug and influencing my actions, and if my own spirit does this to in*-, why not another spirit touch the chords of my heart ? If you only read the history of mankind, you will find a universal belief m spirits, and that God has placed within the human heart a sympathy with an unseen world. I shall give three examples of this belief, and I shall first select the French philo sopher .Rousseau, a man of brilliant imagination and a profound thinker. In his Confessions, he relates that, being in a forest, he was oppressed with doubts as to his salvation, and he said ? I will throw at this tree, and if I mis3 I shall be lost; if I hit it I shall be saved. He drew near to the tree, and threw a stone ; it struck the tree, and from that moment he never doubted but that he would be aaved. A super- i ? v-u^uu;.!.^, uui »uui Buowinf me tendency ; of man to believe in the life beyond the tom»-. Another example is that of Napoleon I., who, in 17J9, wag at Acre waiting information from I Europe ; he wag looking anxiously for one piece i UatV?' the meantime a large boab oa : the Nile, conveying soldiers, wounded men and a military band, was captured by the enemy and the prisoners treated with great cruelty, lae officer in command, an Ita'ian and a brave man, seeing an ODnm-r.nniirw fnn aw.* «p ;.,« „ ? panions to escape, blew up the boat. The name of tbe boat wa* ' L'ltalie,' and when Napoleon heard of it he said, 'Italy is lost to France for ever —a great superstition truly. In 1829, a certain Dissenting minister of Northampton, thinking his labours were not productive 'of much good, resolved to leave for a distant part of the country, and bade his friends farewell. After he had done so, in passing through a room he saw an open Bible, and his eye caught this i TT^u- ^3 tlly d*ys- so shall thy strength be. 1 his determined him to remain, aud he lived at .Northampton for thirty-two years after wards, labouring with success—a superstition doubtless, but still showing the tendency of man to look for influence from above. I have said enough in regard of history, in regard of uni versal belief and the tendency of the human soul as regards that belief. Where are we to go now? if there is an unseen world and spirits with which we may have to deal, I should say, let me go to that religion which is the largest, the the purest, the most united -the religion where I find the most intellectual men. I find the Roman Satholic Church on one hand with its 250,000 000 of souls, and the Russian Church with 70,000000, the latter believing in the same doctrines as the former, with the exception of unbelief in the Pope as Supreme Pontiff and the double procession, that is, they do not hold that the Holy Spirit proceeds from the Son as well as the Father. With those exceptions the Russian ana Roman Catholic Churches are completely one. They teach the same kind of mystical doctrine respecting the other world ; and if I were a man believing in spirits, I would go to them and find out what they teach ? The Roman Catholic and Russian Churches teach there is one God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost— surrounded by an incredible number of blessed spirits, by an hierarchy of angels beings of prodigious intellects to know and love God with different degrees of power, all created by God, all engaged in loving and ador ing Him Some of these fell and were cast into hell, and through them millions of other spirits were cast down into the bottomless pit. Ever since Adam fell, till the present moment, there has been a harvest of human souls crop- ping up upon the earth ; like the corn flowers when one crop has passed away another crop comes up in its place. So, like some rare plants grafted by a Divine hand, human souls are called into being either to enjoy God for evermore or to be placed in hell. We have this harvest continually going on We are on the ledge of the abyss, looking into the profound depths of the spirit world ; and when the time comes we drop off, sink and swoon away Let us look out then for those who have the promise that the gates of hell shall never prevail against them. The Catholic Church teaches that God vouchsafes to certain souls visions and revelations. St. Paul in ad dressing the Corinthians says : 'And now I will come to the visions and reflations of the Lord ;" and this is a typical example of the visions and revelations believed in the Catholic Church St. Paul, strong and powerful minded, a very lion of courage, no weak visionary, but a man firm on the basis of his own intellect ao knowledging all the glory he had go? came from Heaven -states he was caught up mto Paradise, ( And I know such a man, whether in the body or out of the body, I know not, God knoweth ') " that he was caught up into Paradise ; and heard secret words, which it is not granted to man to utter.' The vision was so great, that, with all his courage and fortitude he besought' the Lord that he would remove it. But God said, " My grace is sufficient for thee ' If you are to be uplifted, you must have divine grace. In the Catholic Church all those who have had visions and revelations were always men and women of strong intellects, who lived lives of purity who had undergone a long probation, who had been obedient to their superiors There is St. Thomas Aquinas, a man of profound learning, an extraordinary writer ; he was lifted up in ecstacy. Thea we have St. John of the Cross, a man of very great power of will not contemplative, bub vigorous in reforming his order, making them purer and more obedient men, raising them up and teaching how souls way mount the ladder that leads to the throne of God. And then there is St. Theresa a woman of masculine character with intellect stamped upon her brow. The Church teaches that from time to time visions and revelations are given to those who love and serve the Lord ; but she is very careful about them ; she does not encourage them, she is afraid that the eyes of the children may be blinded by pride ; that these visions may entice them from the humility of the Cross. The Council of Lateran has laid down, that no vision or revela tion in the Catholic church is to be believed unless attested by a miracle, and that, even when examined by a special theologian, one who knows how to discern, it is not to be believed as we believe the Bible, but simply as human testi- mony. Mgr. Dupanloup, during the late war, wrote a sensible letter to the people of France when their minds were overtopped by visions here and revelations there, warning them against ac cepting these as true. The minds of the people were so overwrought by the oppression of their enemies, that they were easily imposed upon. I might mention a case amongst the visions and revelations watched by the Holy See. I have seen a person marked by the stigmata of the passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ : I have see« the blood flowing from the face, hands, and feet. A Louvain doctor haa minutely examined this extraordinary phenomenon, sofarbeyondourcom prehension, and vouches for its truth. The Holy bee watches bub does nob accept. If I wanted information upon a particular poin*, what would ldo? I should not go to the second man : I should go to head-quarters ; I should go to the King of visions, who. has sovereign control of spirits and visions— who is tbe foun-. of honour, our own Sovereign Jesus Christ. If He allows an angel to touch me with his wing, it is be cause He does allow it ; If He prevents a demon from doing me harm, it is because He doea'pre, Vdnt it. I see Satan take Thee, O Lord, to the lllffhest riliimntn nf hha +O.,-!.,!™ ? j i.^ ti.. ... ; ;- — r- ? ? '*? ''-* H^iiiyxK, uiiux iiu tne moun | tain, to show Thee the cities of the world, aud 1 see Ihee strike him down with a text of Scripture; I see Thee allow him , to come close to Thee, and thou dost pub him to flight with, the sword | of the spirit and tho helmet of salvation I J know no evil can breathe into my ear if I keep I olose to Thee, my God and my Saviour ; I know | no clanger can assail mo if I pass my days in lny love aud service ; let me treat tho visions and revelations of this world as Thou wouldst treat them ; let there be but one vision, that I may realize the vision of Thv face, O Lord ? let me get close to Thee,' and seo Thee, and ' gaze upon Thy beauteous figure ; keep my soul with Thoo, my Father, my friend, my judge . my light, my life. What power, however 'black! cau attract your attention, when your eyes ara nxed on Jesus Christ ? what evil can hurt you then ? O let us love Jesus, I cannot say it too oiton ; cling to him, press yourself closer to ' him ; do not mind spirits here or spirits there mind Him, cling to Him, love Him ; and when j our life in this world is ended He will stretoh out his his hand and lift you up to Heaven there to really live, and all then will be love ' At the. conclusion of tho Sermon, which ap peared to have a great effect on the congrea tion, the Most Rev. Archbishop remained on SGof n. 7oWhile th(i Benediction of the St. John's College.— A meeting of 4he Council of St. John's College was held on Thursday, the 16fch instanfe, at which the resig nation of the late Rector, the Very Rev. John {Forrest, D.D., was tendered and accepted. Subsequently, the Fellows met, and in the absence of Rector or Vice-Rector, voted their senior member, Mr. W. A. Duncan, to the chair. At this meeting, his Grace the Moat Re?. Roger Bede Vaughan, Archbishop of Nazianzus, Coad jutor-Archbishop, Vicar-General, and Adminis trator to his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, was unanimously elected to the position vacated by Dr. Forrest. It is generally known that the late Rector suffered so seriously from an attack of bronchitis, brought on by exposure during his sea voyage from Brisbane, that not only was the ,due discharge of his duties rendered impos sible, but for a time even serious fears were ©nterfcained, which now happily no longer exist, as to his complete recovery. The Fellows were fortunate in securing such a successor, and they are farther fortunate in obtaining the services of the Very Rev. 'Father Gillett as Vice-Rector, and of Mr. Tarleton, M.A., and first prizeman of Cambridge, as one of the staff of Professors. Other professors will probably soon be engaged. The festival of Our Lady of Mount Oarmei was celebrated on Sunday last, with (great pomp and magnificence, at the church of that name. The Mass of Signor Giorza (whose name our readers will remember as having been associated with, the States Opera Troupe) was performed very creditably by the members of the Italian Opera Troupe. The celebrant was Dr. Barsanti. Dean Forde preached a very eloquent discourse, taking a3 his text : — 'My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit rejoiceth therein.' The church was wa3 present with Dr. Colletti, and number of other clergymen. St. Benedict's Hall. — A highly suc cessful entertainment was given in the above hall on Wednesday evening last by the mem; bers of the Garrick Dramatic Club. The first part of the performance consisted of the trial scene from tke ' Merchant of Venice,' Messrs. Hunt, Magner, and M'Evoy sustaining their parts very creditably. The farce of the ' Spectre Bridegroom' concluded tho evening's entertainment and contributed much to the amusement of the audienoe. The room was well filled, and the whole affair was a great suocgbb. 'Convent of Mercy, Goulburn. — The solemn ^and impressive ceremony of profession in the order of the Sisters of Mercy took place (says the Argus) in the chapel attached to the convent on Thursday last after Mass. The Most Rev. Dr. Lanigan officiated, and was assisted by the presbytery and college priests. The young lady professed, who came from the county Meafeh, Ireland, some three years ago and then ©atered the convent here, was Mis3 Fox— in religion, Sister Mary Ignatius. The professed was attended by the rev. mother and sister liood. The sermon appropriat? to the occasion was preached by the bishop. During the cere tnony the convent choir sang with exquisite skill and taste the hymns adapted to the occa sion. Tea. Meeting foe the Catholic Chtjech Building at the Macleay.— On Tuesday evening last (says the Macleay Herald) a very suc cessful tea-meeting took place in the grounds attached to the Rev. Father O'Sullivan's house. The entertainment was very efficiently catered for by Mr. Weingarfch, who erected and taste fully fitted out his large tent for the occasion. The meeting was attended by over 300 persons, and both socially and financially it was a com plete success. Both the old and young folks, we are informed, enjoyed themselves thoroughly. We have not as yet received the full pardicu lavs. Testimonial to Father Dunne. — The presentation of the address and purse of sovereigns to the Very Eev. P. Dunne, in acknowledgment of his labours while adminis trator of the Goulbuvn district, will take place, says the Argus, in the Catholic boys' school, Bourse-street, on Suuday next, after eleven ®'olock Mass. At the late Plebiscite taken iu Switzerland for and against the alterations in the Federal Con stitution, the numbers were 335,000 for, and 200,000 against ; aud these figures represent pretty accurately the strength ot the Protestants and the Catholics within the Swiss territory ; for, while 9 per cent of the nominal Catholics, call Ing themselves ' Old Catholics,' voted in the majority, a like number of Protestants, who saw \ thiags in their truo light, voted with the minor 1 ity. The news by the last mail, however, iu forms us: — 'The Geneva Protostants are beginning to be punished for their share in the persecution of the Catholics. The most of them voted for the iniquitous law by which the State was made absolute over the Catholic Church in matters of spiritual jurisdiction, and the Govern ment had just introduced and carried another law transferring to itself from ' the Venerable Company of Pastors' the supremo authority over the Protestant Church organization. The Catho lics, whom the * Orthodox' joined in oppressing, abstained in a dignified manner from voting; the 'Old Catholics,' the late allies of the Pro testants, voted with M. Carteret, and together with the advanced Liberals, carried tho day.' There are men who will stand prodding with a pitchfork, and yet fret and fume if they are bitteu by a mosquito. Mr. Parkea, we are sorry to see, seems to be one of these. After listening night after night, with placid counten ance, to charges of the gravest character made against him by an equal, and a man of un doubted honesty — Mr. Forater— iu the presence of the firat Assembly of the country, he wiaces and groans aloud in Tuesday's flwald because it accused him of a bit of parliamentary manage ment which was no reul disgrace to him^even^if he had been guilty. 