THURSDAY, APRIL 2,1874. THE ghost of tho tobacco question, whioh, has for more than five months been haunting the track of tho Ministry^ was'' brought up face to face with the accused,last night, and, as far aa a vote of the Assembly can settle a question of the kind, has. been laid at re3fc. There was a great deal of extraneous matter brought in, as usual, with the result of over- clouding the real question at issue. As th* charge was first made by Mr. JOHN ROBERT SOM agUUlHb tUO JLlUliaUldL un mu «^»iv. October, and the select committee's repori was laid before the House on the 12 th December, the postponement of the appeal tc the House for their decision, on the conduot of the .Treasurer-until the 1st of April called for some explanation.. The last of the postponements'was accounted for by the fad that a dinner nt Government House, on the day for whioh ' the motion was set down, threatened to break up the House, and did in fact, after this motion was postponed at an early, hour of the evening, reduce the attendance of members below a quorum. But tho long postponement on previousjjcca sions was not so clearly accounted for. Still tho quostioiCof,,.,. the time when the charge - was brought on for a hearing docs not affect 'the :merits of the substantial question at issue. Mr. ROBERTSON called on the Assembly to affirm, that the House, having considered the report and evi- dence' and the Customs returns with reference to tobacco,, disapproved of. the/conduct .of the Government in the . matter, and in. an especial degree that of ,the- Colonial Trea- surer. Mr. ROBERTSON set forth? the circum- stances which gavo rise in his .mind to the suspicion that tho public interest had not been, duly guarded by tho Minister chiefly responsible for tho protection of the revenue. And there was nothing in the manner in which he did this inconsistent -with his avowal that ho entered on the business with no sense of pleasure, but with a feeling deeply impressed .that ho would be failing in his duty if he did not lay before the House his views on the matter. Ho brought under the notice of the. House the-most remarkable points in tho evidence that bore against tho Treasurer. And no ono acquainted with tho business-of tho Custom- house can deny .that thora aro circumstances in the arrange- ments sanctioned by tho Government which naturally provoke suspicion. Tho faot of dutiable goods hoing transferred - from the bonded stores of the Government to private stores, under the same roof, without being taken through tho public street, is ono that oanaot be regarded with confidence. This matter'. tho.Treasurer did not? deal with - in his answer. Tho main question, however, was whether the. Treasurer had failed in his duty by not shutting up tho 0uBtom-hou80 earlier than, he did. The evidence of tho Collector of Customs bearing on this point showed that the CuBtom-house had been shut .up two days consecutively in Soptembor, 1855, and .again on the 29 th November, 18G5 ; and afterwards said he would venturo to say that it had" never been closed on any days previous to the day wlion the finanoial statement wus made. But there is no legal reason against so doing. Tho closing of the Custom-house, at nny time whatovor is illegal. It is done in viola- tion of the law, when reasons of public necessity are deemed to warrant-suoh a course. " And if it woro necessary to take ?uoh a step any day before tho financial statement was mndo, thoro would bo as ample a justification for BO doing,-' aa -for shutting up tho .Custom-house' on tho day of tho financial statement. Then, tho Treasurer having power to take this step, and having the information given him by tho Colleotor of Customs, tho question arose, did he not with 'due promptitude to prevent the loss of revenue? Some time on the 15th Ootobor. tho' Trea- surer received a note -from Mr. DUNCAN, in- forming him of tho rush mudo by importors. Tho Custom-house was not closed on that day. Tho evidence did not show decisively at what! hour on tho 15th this noto was re- ceived. The result, ns is well known, was that the duty was paid on vast quantities of tobneco just boforo the an- nouncement of tho new tariff ; and if the proposed inoroaso of duty had been carried, tho firms who had anticipated the. chango would have gainod a fortune at tho expenso of tho publia rovomio, and to tho injury of other importova and dealers. The force of the argu- ment1 built on the enumeration of tho circum- j stances whioh seemed to warrant suspicion of I a failure of duty, was not mot by the re-. sounding exclamations in which tho ! Treasurer stigmatised the conduot of'his' critic ns " base, dishonourablo, treacherous." , But, on tho main question, thc evidence of tho Colleotor of Customs-if his opinions < aro takon to bo roliable, ns they doubtless will be by most people-is the best defence] of tho Treasurer. ? t Tho decision of tho Houso would bo a very satisfactory vindication of tho Ministor i if those who voted had given atten- tion to tho dobato. But . though.( thirty-one members . against ono only took tlioir places, whoa a division was called for, against tho amendment,,i several timos during tho spooohos mndo by . Mr. RoBEiiTSON and others in support of tho) amondmont thore waa losa than a quorum | prosont. Tho faot is, tho majority of plom- bera wera impatient of the delay interposed to tho passing of tho estimates, and did not caro to givo thoir attontion to a question of thia kind. Tho statements cando by Mr. GARRETT and Mr. FORSTER hoyo moro weight in favour of tho Treasurer than tho votes of tho majority.. Mr. GARRETT, who supported tho amendment, though with tho movor ho abstained from voting, said, in concluding his speech, that ho saw nothing in tho ovidonoo to load to tho conclusion that tho Tr on sur or lind bean guilty of collusion with persona outsido to defraud tho rovonuo. And Mr. FORSTER, though ho took his scat ni ono in opposition to tho thirty-ono who ro jcotod tho umendmont, said that ho did not think a oase had been*a made, out affectinf the integrity of the Treasurer j and he did not agree with the imputation cast on thf good faith of that Minister. Yet ho believed the Government had not altogether acted rightly. - , _ ;, ; The result of the whole discussion is that there was nó such dereliction of duty as the House thought it necessary to mark with their censure. But a lesson hos been read for thc benefit of the present and future Treasurers whioh ought not to be forgotten. . 