VO I 0 E OF THE PULPI TV | This column is entirely supplied by correspondents and every communication we rcceiio on Monday morn "nge upon tbo subject bu Its place bore. . The Rev. Charles Clarke preached at the Opera House on Sunday evening, from Corinthians il. 5 and 21. "For tho truth mado him to be sin for us, who know no sin, that wo might be made tbo righteousness of God in him." He said that there was in man, even in the lowest state of degradation, a consciousness that there was within him a deBiro and a power if properly applied, for better things, jnBt as wo often saw in the world men sank to the lowest depth who even thon showed evidences ol former culti vation, and of having fallen from a highor station in the bocIo! soale, so was there in man an innate knowledgo that through sin, through disobedience of the moral laws of bis nature he had fallen from a higher estate, and had been an outcast, a sad and melan- oholy wanderer from his Father's homo. It was to tbis secret unexpressed feeliDg in the human soul that Christianity appealed by bringing before the mind thus depressed with a oonscious feoling of the righteousness by whioh he was compelled to suffer. Thero was a knowledge of wilfnl disonedionoe, ana a reeling oi tne equity of the law through which the suffer. Inw comes. To the soul groaning under this affliolion of merited suffering, the redemp. tion through the death of the Son of God was peculiarly acceptable. We feel that our individual sins are so continuous and so heinous that there is no possibility of our making reparation to the offended majesty of God's perfeot low. Nay, wo cannot di verge more widely from the true path to solvation than for us to imagino that we oan do anything whatever through any notion or thought on our part whioh oan in tho slinhteBt atone for our sins. Now, seolng that this is the case with eaoh individual, we see that we are colleotivcly unable to do anything wbioh could in the slightest degree free us from the awful oonsequenoes of our 1— -nnHntied course of wilful and deliberate ioiqeity, nor are thero any whose innocence can act as a counterpoise to the guilt of the sinner, for we are clearly Bhewn by the un- mistakeablo language of tho Scriptures that there is none righteous, no not one; We are all under the bonds of In iquity, such an mconctivnblo amount of guilt required a Bacrifioo oommeneurato with its extent— an infinitudo of guilt required an infinite sacrifice ; and in the plan of sal- vation we fonnd blended m equal proportions tho wisdom and mercy of God, for the plan of Balvation was such as oould only be con ceived by the infinite, it waa to sweep away every vestige of the very remembrance of Bin by the saorifioe of his own beloved son. It was said by some self-conceited oritics that gold might have pardoned sin. But we mnst not fo?get that God, although a God of love, is a god of hatred, for we read that he bates sin, and the sinner Esau have I hated. Jaoob have I loved. In this sense thero never was, and never oan be an atone ment. God never waa and nevor oan be re conciled to the sin or tho sinners. He made Christ to be sin for ns, and through His /l.nfR mir sin was completely destroyed, and wo were made through His death . Righte ousness, this was the true view of the atone ment, In the destiuction of all sin in the perspn of the Gad-man Jeans Christ, there was thus hope for all. Let them crucify selfishness within them, exhibit cbarltyaud love, and a cheerful and contented spirit, so that those who were withont the fold, seeing their good deeds, might be brought to ChriBt. There was a large attendance. The sermon was interspersed with long recitations of poetry, and there was a very unfortunately- nserted quotation from Shakespeare, by whioh a part of the description of the charms of Cleopatra was profanely applied to God. Why will the rev. gentleman persist in pro jecting these rhetorical fireworks . . At the Wesley Chnreh, Lonsdale street on Sunday forenoon, ,, n' U preached from 11. Samuel, x., 1-, Be of good courage, and lot us play the men, tor our people and for the cities of our God. The preacher said these words were spoken by Josh to his army just before the battle with the Syrians, and it was M>t 1 somuoh to explain tho passage that he 1 bad taken 1 i ; foi hie toxt, as to catch Its spirit, and as christians were s great army ho wiohed to Bay to them to-day, in the language of this verse, _ Be of good courace and play v. j were fighting a great battle, an d ® wis e to Dolnt them to the text.andalsoteNelBon, England's great Admiral, who before thai j great battle, when Le achieved sueh a rennwrred vlolorv. he Bald, England expec & every man shall do his duty. So ' e Christian soldier mast do the 8a.me' >y must not be cowards. Cowardice wa j o moan thing and detestable in jay one .but ; more 80 in a Christian soldier. M"aY P ?Ple : talked s great deal about judgment an- J faell, . but they always put these a. fac but when judgment and hell was.it theu door then were they cowards, whit :h showed qhat all their talk and fancied cou rage was £ sham and a delusion. Many Chrf .utians hod. not only no courage, but they were, filled with fear. Now, why should the .sewho have God for their father, and Christ for thoir Saviour, he in this state ? D oos not this show that their religion is all in vain, an empty show ! Tho preacher pointod those who were in this state of mind to what wan »«;,! nf the fearful and unbelieving" and abominable, who would have their, po sition ia tho lake of fire and brimstone, that bnmeth for ever and ever. The Christian soldier mast have coarage to resist sin, 1 temptation to ein. This the preacher illus trated by an old woman who opened her shop on Sunday because she gained ten shilling, 1 by doing so, thnB selling her soul and eternal interests for this sum ; but Christians mast bavo the courage of self-preseevation ; hell was around them and beforo them, and if they had not the courage to flee from the dovourlng flame they would certainly go there . Christian seems to feel and talk as though every thing was going into confusion, and the world oomlng to an end, as though God did not know what to do noxt, that scepti cism and infidelity were sweeping away the old faith and system of religion, but the preaoher encouraged them not to fear, as the same things were done long ago, as in the case of Voltaire, who said that the Christian religion was founded by twelve men, but It j would be overthrown by one and his printing 1 press, but why should Christians lie in such I a stats of alarm ? If God be with them as ; they say. nothing oan overthrow that which I is of God, but it simply indicates the con sciousness that profession and outward forms of religion oannot supply the want of life and the reality of God in the heart. At tho Brunswiok street Wesley an ehapal, Mr. J. Whewell preached on Sunday morn ing from Thess. v., 19, "Quonoh not the Spirit," He firBt Bhowed tho class of people of whioh the Thessalonian ohurch was 00m. posed, namely, the oonverted Jew, the en lightened Greek, and the ohurch members. The ohurob, he said, had always been up held greatly by women. If it were not for the women the Wesleyan Chapel would never have risen In Brunswick street, and if it were not for them it might yet be dosed. All the religions revivals are supported by the women ; and, in the American whisky war, they are the only or tho chief actors. Well, God bleBS them, and may they ever continue to hold fast to their religion. And, going further back than the time of our Miss Wosleys and suoh like, we find that Christ speaks of the "holy and devout women," the "silly women," and so forth, as being great religious agents. Wo find that Paul, In bis epistles, asks us to Eray for him ; and If he requires our prayers, ow much more do wo need to pray for one another ? The preaoher mado a few remarks about the desecration of the Ssbbsth which is continually taking place. He spoke of the thousands of sonls who weafc to see the bot toms of the ships In the dock ; and also told how his. senses were shooked, and his feel- inga grieved by seeing a little girl carrying home a' cabbage that very day. Here, he went on to describe the Holy Spirit, and showed the personal attributes which it pos sessed. He said that pantheists b lievod that God was a power in nature— a mind which actuates all things. This was ridicu lous. So the Holy Ghost is a person, and at the same time a fire. As He is a fire, Ho is a person who can bo destroyed by qnenobiog. Let us see now how wo can qnenoh Him. Well, there are several ways. Firstly, there is negleot. If yon negleot your fire it will go out ; so If you neglect the Holy Spirit he will not burn. You can neglect tho Holy Ghost — Firstly, by' forgetting to pray ; secondly, by n-t going to ehuroh. Hero the preacher remarked that tho Holy Spirit was in everyone — from himsolf down to the greatest criminal in the gaol. Thirdly, you oan qnenoh it by bury ing it under your woaltO, or your piety, or any such things. Fourthly. You can put out a fire by spreading it, and so you can quench the Spirit by spreading it, that is to Bay, by splitting up your religiou ; and as the sects which we now have are almost countless, how can we wonder that tho ory of all dissenters and Presbyterians, is evoremore " revive us." Thoy bavo negleoted their prayers, or their chnrch going, and they have split np, bo that tho Holy Spirit has been quenched, and has left them to fall into the sleep of death, and well may they all ory out to bo brought to life. 