A coPY of the verdict of the jury which investigated the circumstances attending the recent coach accident in Bacchus Marsh will, we suppose, be sent to the proprietors of the coaches running between Ballarat and Mel bourne, but whether anything will be done by them or by anybody else to see that its recommendations are attended to is doubtful. We think the verdict will imeet with general approval. Certainly it might have been possible, if further evidence as to the badness of the brake had been given to the jury, for that tribunal to have shown that someone ought to have been censured for allowing such a brake to be in use, but it is not likely that any evidence would have been got which would have induced a Criminal Sessions jury to punish anyone whom the coroner's jury might have censured or even committed for manslaughter. Believing as we do that the coach proprietors are, for their own pocket sake, if for no other reason, anxious to take some precautions against the recurrence of any such accident as that which necessitated the recent inquest, we would urge upon their attention the fact that the evidence at the inquest disclosed the inefficiency of the system of supervision of the coaches pursued by the Messrs. Proctor. The head of the firm admitted that he did not I inspect the coaches, but that his brother did, and the latter gentleman admitted that, so far as the particular' brake which gave way was concerned he had not inspected it particularly before it was put into the coach. He had left that duty to a young man in his brother's employ. It will thus be seen that practically this young man has been the sole human intelligence standing between the coach proprietors and the coach passen gers to see that the latter were not killed at the expense of the former. This young man may be skilled in the knowledge of timber, and may be a prudent, thinking workman, but certianly it is very undesirable that such an important piece of work as a brake bar should be allowed to go out of a factory on the sole responsibility of any journeyman, however experienced. And then as to the daily inspection of the coaches. This work is performed betweun four and five o'clock in the afternoon, before the coaches have been cleaned, and under such circumstances it must bo impossible to make a thorough examination of many important parts. Another matter for consideration in deter mining how to increase the precautions for the safety of tho coaches and their passengers is the system of harnessing, ani of fixing or rather not fixing the king bolt. It seems to us that the American system of harnessiig is just a little too much of the bare poles style of thing-suited perhaps for rough bush tracks, where a speed of five or six miles an hour is calculated upon, but not suited for a metalled road, where a speed of about eight miles per hour, and sometimcs ten, upon steep gradients and with heavy loads, has to be attained in order to do the journey between Ballarat and Melbourne within the time considered sufficient by the coach proprietors. As to the king bolt, one of the witnesses stated that it ought to be secured by a leather cap, and it was not shown at the inquest that the king bolt of the coach which capsizcd had such a restraining covering over it, but evidence was given, which no one contra dieted, that the coach capsized solely because the king bolt jumped up sufficiently high to liberate the fore carriage, and the presumption thecreforo is that the leather cap spoken of would have prevented that, had it been on tho- coach, T'he reorve brako rocoimmendod by the jury would be valuable, no doubt. The objections to it are that it would increase the dead weight of the coach, and would probably be so much in reserve as to be unavailable with suflicient quickness in case of an accident. One good sound brake, of adequate size, carefully used, ought to be sufficient, and we should imagine that the pressure upon the brake would be greatly lessened if' the coaclunen made a practice of walking their horses down the steepest of the hills on the ]3allarat and Melbourne road, and upon that point it would have been as well to have had some evidenice at the inquest. Since the coaches upon this road commenced carrying through passengers from Ballarat and Melbourne there lhs been an unpleasant amount of hurrying and crowding, which, if not positively dangerous, has certainly been very unpleasant on many occasions to the wayside or local passengers, most of whom have no choice but to use these coaches for their journeys to either city, and although the late accident has nriot, we believe, reduced the number of passenger~s travelling by the coaches in the slightest degree, there must be a feeling of wistfulness on the part of local passengers to be relieved of the necessity of travelling by coach by the opening of at railway through the heart of West B3ourke on to B3allarat, Di. MADDEN has done exactly what we thought he would do in Parliament, although a little earlier than we expected. He was one of the first candidates at the late general election to express approval of the Ministe rial scheme for having joint sittings of both Houses of Parliament at certain junctures, and he has been one of the first, if not the very first, of the new members of the Assenm bly to express his intention to vote against the measure now that it has been introduced. His excuse is that he cannot support the measure after the interpretation which Mr. Higinbotham has made of its provisions. Dr. Madden's speech upon this Bill (his maiden speech in the House) was, so far as we can judge by the comments and reports of the Melbourne dailies, a conspicuous failure, which surprises us greatly, as we thought that he would certainly make a good speech, especially upon this question, Instead of which he gave the House a mere re-hash of his election addresses, word for word in many passages, including a quotation from Alison as to the danger of rash innovations, which passage we heard him give at Wynd ham, but have no recollection of his mentioning Alison as the author. Dr. Madden's platitudes about the conservatism which comes to men as they acquire property, and his ear-tickling flattery that all men can acquire property and position hin this colony, even to the height of being a Judge upon the Bench, although well enough suited to declaim to an assemblago of electors, were decidedly out of place when addressed to the leading House of Legislature in this colony, and yet that is what Dr. Madden did address to the Assembly on Tuesday night. Says the Age : Perhaps few young men over displayed more thorough self-confidence under the circumstances, and failed more decidedly in creating a favorable impression. There are speeches which entangle the controversy that they are intended to unravel, and Dr. Madden's was one of the most signal samples of the kind that have been delivered in Parliament for many a long day. To say that it passed all understanding is to give but a very inadequate idea of the hopeless scene of confusion which it must have left on the minds of those who had to listen to it. If he had any object in it, it was to prove that the Council was a highly respectable body of persons, who represented the propertied classes, and that the prejudice against it was unjustifiable, because anybody in Victoria might by industry work his way to possess the requisite voting qualification for it. The real subject in dispute is, of course, whether the propertied classes ought to be able to bias legislation in the direction of the intorosts of property, or in other words, whether the Council ought to continue to have the power of obstructing measures designed to make property contributo a little more than it does to the oepeonses of the State, But to this not inessential part of the argument Dr. Madden had nothing to say. Like Tennyson's Northern Farmer, he had no ear but for one tune Proputty ! proputty ! proputty I that's what I 'ear 'im saay, Proputty I proputty I proputty I canter and come awasy. The result of his cautering last night was to land him in exactly the opposite goal to that for which hlie started in February last. When he addressed his constituents he announced without reserve that he was in favor of the Scandinavian scheme. Since that time, however, he has been reading his Alison, and hearing Mr. lHiginbotham speak, and the ousm,ination has been too much for him, His native horror of what he is pleased to call "the populace" has asserted itself at the last moment, and he has declared for the representatives of " Property." The TeleiP')aph is noi t less uncomp]imentary, and the Arge?t has not at word of praise to oflber. Says the Telegr'aph: "A rat, a rat I" will soon have to be the cry in the Assembly. A decided glimpse of two members of the raco was caught last night in the persons of Mlr. WV. C. Smith and Dr. Madden, who both declared strongly against the Government reform scheme, forgetful of their obligations to their constituents. On this occasion Dr. Madden delivered his maiden speech, but neither the matter nor the manner of the hon. gentleman made much impression. Rumours of his intuention to deseort his colours have been rife in the House, and hence imuch attention was called to an address which fell very flatly. At Footseray, Wyndham, and other places we trace him declaiming eagerly in favour of the Norwegian scheme before ap proving audiences. We find him comlplimoented by the local Press for his thorough and un mistakable support of the Ministry, and in town hIis name was mentioned in political circles as a likely member to second the address. No one had any doubt about Dr. Madden being a hearty Ministerialist, and least of all, we suspect, had the electors who voted for him, and yet the lihen. gentleman last night onunciates his intention of recording a direct vote against the Ministry on the main issue of the session. He intends to condemn that Norwegian scheme he once so idolised. Mr. Hliginbotham has frightened him a little, and that is his only excuse. Politicians will be politicians, we suppose, as pups will be pups. "They will worry and gnaw," says Dolly Win thorpe in the novel, speaking of the pups, "worry and gnaw they will, if it was one's Sunday cap as hung anywhere so that they could drag it. They know no better, God help 'enm. It's the pushing of the teoth as sets thems on, that's what it is." The chance of upsetting a Government sets some lion, members to worry and guaw also. They will worry and gnaw a Reform Bill even to which they were pledged, if they got the ghost of an excuse. None the loss is it hard upon the constituencies, who have a clear right in equity to ask these gentlemen to resign their seats, and test the question whether the olectors have changed their minud also, The 1'elegrapk is in error in supposin T1 Dr. Madden's constituents voted for j, because of his having expressed aplprovIal the Ministerial Reform Bill, They v?,hUJ for him because they wished to give a man possessing good educational quallt tions, and considerable skill as an oratoer ,e chance of distinguishing himself, anSd beenri they felt heartily sick of being represen yi for so long by three gentlemen of r" mediocre abilities.'" ___ Th nuns The ]Railway Conference is called togeth??o, mueot in Bacchus Marsh next Saturday, at 113:le5 e On that day the Seeoc., Mr. Bower, who han bk. q:i incessantly engaged during the past fort. 2p., with the survey party, will report what hlu Ijitho done. In the course of next week the surveypvfop will probably remove to the Woodond side of:o eo Dividing range. The gradients over the Peot.et0nc Hills are found to be very severe, and it is l.ven that the great expense and the detours neceLdd t to make them practicable will prevent the ado;.::ectil of the northorn or Coimadai route. Before 4Wl' party is removed a survey will be made w .bhire Maddingley side to bring a station as nag?hloi Bacchus Marsh as possible, mfuu Mr. Balfour will address the Bacchus ):.lJd electors for the South Province on?l ~, in evening, and as hlie is a good speaker the", T attend to hear him will not find their time ie 'rts As the polling will take place on Friday : nitt those persons who wish to know his opi o . ' before they record their vote for or againo? V should not omit to be present at his ?ota cur' although he has published in our coluian:,: Iurl3 other papers a lengthy address. Mr. Bali..: .A opponent is, as our readers are aware, Mr. W, of Taylor, a gentleman in every way qualifiedo rea in the Upper House, notwithstanding theai wol rather too conservative for our liking; butt! m must be expected from candidates for the tl the House, and Mr. Balfour is now but veryi. qu more of a Liberal than Mr. Taylor is, I we not worth while pointing out what their r.s its tire politiceal creeds are at the proesent mro:c because theres-are few electors who will be gc! as to the disposal of their vote by any con;; tions other than personal ones. Mr. Balfours been a somewhat advanced Liberal, and prominent member of the Sabbatarian party. a speaker and man of culture generally, suppose he will be admitted by all to be sule dr to Mr. Taylor, but that gentleman ho:c advantage of being better known in the car: portions of the electorate. He is one of: re pioneers of the colony, and a man of scruip si integrity. He has been a member of thest p1 House, and we expect to see him victorious o:: he present occasion. We omitted to menticr, week that Mr. Thomas Smith has retired frore:.. w contest. tb '.T'he Rev. G. Graham has accepted the e to the Presbyterian congregations of Bacchue M ilt and Melton. There will be a tea meeti:; th Bacchus Marsh on Tnesdisy week, As then. not been one for some time there ought: . a good attendance. Rev, Mr. Graham pro t to-morrow. The ladies of the congregati o: w requested to meet in the Church on Meond; t 3 o'clock, to arrange for soiree. An inquest will be held to.day at Melter' corning the death of a child of Mr. Vere Q:. t aged nine years, who died suddenly on Weds. We have not received any further particulas. The Legislative Assembly has been en;. . during the week in a debate upon the Conti:. Reform Bill. It is expected that the E' f pass it second reading on Tuesday next, a! I then be discussed in committee. Some p; . has been made with the supplementary est The Ballarat Courier says :-"Dr. Madder' seeking election, announced himself sotro favor of the Ministerial scheme. On Tv night lie deliberately turned round and au:: his intention to vote against it, after delie one of the most rambling, ultra conservatir we may add ridiculous, speeches it was ea misery to have to read." The Ballarat Co'?fcr is informed that the between Yankee Flat and Mount Bunicy. alive with the missing sheep reportedtoha?er . stolen from Mr. Brown's run at the You t and from Mr. Armytage's station near Ste Mr. P. T. O'Brien, of the Bacchus Mar.I School, will open a free night school-i building on Monday night, at 7 o'clock. . portunity will probably be availed of b:.: young men who are engaged at various are'. during the day. Mr. Crook reports the following prices " at his Bacchus Marsh monthly sale on Es'" last :-57 head of cattle were yarded, nearlh .. which changed hands. Fat steers, £6 10t.; 15s.; stores (18 months) £3 4s.; cows (ster. 5s. 2,000 owes in lamb were yarded butl effected. Thirty pigs were penned, ad i' slips sold for Mr. Warren at 17s, 6d. - large ontries have boon made for the nexth' the first Saturday in July. 'The case of Parkins v. Smith (repor . Argus) was finished in the Supreme Cr. Saturday. Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A., ws? i Mr. and Mrs. William Perkins for date false and malicious proceution and iupri.' of the female plaintiff. In September hi.'. Parkins, who was not then married, . -' defendaut's employ as a general servant. loft about the end of the month, and gott., to Mr. Parkine; and defendant, uis',.. jewollery, silver cutlery, and other arti?c,. the same time, procurod a search wrt '.,. aceompanied by two detectives, visited tI of the plaintiffa. Somen of the missiar. being found there, Mrs. P arkins was 5 -r"' tried for stealing them, buh was acquitt'4 Criminal Sessions. Sloe accounted for \hr property being found in her house by .d" mout that a follow servant had, unknc . - put it in her luggage, and that she unpacked it when the search warrant" cuted. Tme jury, by direction of 11 Stephen, who presided, found for the do .,. but, in order to save the oxpenses of '. they cesseased the daiuages to which I would be entitled should that verdict . The damages amounted to £320, " The Pastos'al Times comments on th-o " evidence which eamoe out during the'( ::' the action Ricketson v, Ilorbour. 9' cross-examined hey Mr. Salamons, mold Barbour is nine years, George is ,. Darbour is thirteen, Arthur is fifteen, E"' sixteen. Frederick Geo is in witnessi d a carter (he is about thirty)-witoe" money, and found him ' tuebsr. ' ness's brothir.in.law ; 0oC l1auon . - is a baby in arms; she was a few wne- her selection was taken up. W. 13arb years old; Robert is nine or ten. Tho another selector, is in witness's " Andrew rence, so is Joeinh, so i5 All live at ]3aratta, on the aolectio?' amres witness claims are made .f children's and men's eleetin?," • vo received 5s. from Mr. R. Kerr for the ys. The fund is being added to daily in eo, and probably thore are many who vo wore they not of opinion that sullicient given already. At leaat £2,000 ought to to give the boys a subsistence for life. ot say how much has boon raised. We tn the Argus lists donations from Mr. hool at Melton, and from Mr. M'Nicol's t Gisborne, Since the above was in type roceivcd los. from Mr. W. Anderson and roeturn of Cr. Robortson to the Gisborne Sis likely to load to the return of the Coun. to ways of other Councils. We notice wvith o that he purposes having the resolution bd which ordered the refund of some fnles e1 by the Gisborne Bench for seloiling spirits . a license. Some of the Crs. appear to be ton that it will be cowardly on their part ount to such rescinding, but they should or that it is better to correct a mistake, ador an imputation of cowardice, than to ?amch mistake by persisting in refusing to ait after the same has been pointed out. \o no doubt that the public opinion of the is with Cr. RItobertsn in his action, and the majority of the Council insist upon ing the £5 they may find that they have o Council into law proceedings as well disgrace. Werribee Lodge of Oddfollows has beeoon itated in Bacchus Marsh, and will hold fort y meetings on Saturdays in the Free ners' hall, commencing this evening. have received the Australian News for the it month. All the engravings are particu. well printed, and the subjects are good. The hein Journal s also to hand. It complains nt of support from the Press generally. One n of this is, we believe, the belief, whether founded or not we cannot say, that Dr. L. L. Ih is the proprietor of it, and that therefore exposu res made by the Journal of various k ks have not been disinterested. For our part a ere among the first to praise the Journal for ioldness. The price is reduced to sixpence. 