IWfog* ftgmprttorttggutKft. A PLKA FOB A BUSHMAN'S HOKB. The PuEhman came down from the distant sheepfold. And his pockets were swollen with silver and gold; While the gloss on his boots and his bearing BO bold As he strode down the block were a sight to behold. A.swell frem the country, trimm'd, barber'd, and clean? - At the play in the evening that Bushman was seen; Like a lamkm loafer, all ragged and torn. Ere the beams of the morning to quod be was borne. For the luring Delilahs had found him at last, And his silver and gold were a thing of the past; And the head of that Bushman was heavy and sore, And the wiles of the syrens could charm him no more. Eent.in twain was the coat that was lately so new, The belltopper crushed and the boots dull of hue; bobby had found him while pacing the beat, With his head on the ketb, in the gutter his feet His pockets were empty, and his head in a whirl, As he hiccoughed, "I'm hocuBB'd and robb'd by a girl; Where ami? It's a cold sort of lodging r ve found." Baid the peeler, .*' Git up wid ye aff av the ground." And when ten o'clock struck, both were seen in the Court, Where the Bushman was fined and rebuked by E. Sturt; And his bearing 50 bold, with his chaff and bis cheek, Had all melted like snow at the voice of the Beak. MELBOURNE PUNCH TO YOUNG VICTORIA. My Dear Boy—What do you think of your representative institutions now ? Your Parliament has been nearly three.months in session, and it has done—whatl Nothing! Don't you begin to feel just a little Hiick of the dreary, the awfully costly farce? Of all the contrivances invented by the mischievously misdirected ingenuity of man, surely this clumsy expedient of Parliamentary Govemttiept iB the most grotesquely absurd, the most childifihly ridiculous. You put seventy-eight men in the Legislative Assembly to do certain work, which they carefully refrain from doing. In its stead.,they wrangle and dispute from year's end to years end. The place is not a manufactory of just and necessary laws, but an arena for the display of petty ambition, base intrigue, vulgar animosities, sordid passion, and miserable factiousness. You have not got together the collective wisdom of the community, but its aggregate folly. The discussions which take puce exhibit no trace of snperior intelligence, no evidence of enlightened patiiotiem. They are full of "sbund and fury, signifying nothing." Political life has degenerated into an ignoble scramble for' the monopoly of the troughs containing the official swill among a lot o! self-assertive gwiue. Any pretext is held to be good enough to justify the suspension of what iB ironically called "public business," and to establish a free fight. Eead the debates; and tell me if you are not ashamed of their tone and temper, of the turgid twaddle that is talked, of the incessant obtrusion of personal aims, and the constant subordination of the general welfare to individual interests. How long do you intend to tolerate an institution which is utterly effete, which has survived the Btate of society out of which it arose, and to which it was appropriate, but which iB altogether unfitted to the wants and circumstances of these times and of this country? * Fours truly, MELBOURNE PUNCH. ; A PIBOCBIPTICAL EFFUSION. "This worldis getting more and more utilitarian every_ day. Sir Henry Thompson, of scientific notoriety, proposed- to do away with cemeteries, and resume tile old system of cremation, restoring the ashes to the soil. Dr. Neild and Mr: Sydney GibbonB have read papers on cremation here, the subject has evoked a good deal of attention in Europe, and Vienna is reported to have adopted it But we claim for Victoria that it is not behind the age, as we are aware that some months before Sir Henry Thompson's paper saw daylight in the colony a Company was in process of formation for the purpwe ot carrying out similar views, namely, dispensing with crypt and cemetery, but carrying them much further. The Company bears the title of the Pyrocryptal Company, Limited and proposes to utilize all die different products of the body, Hnder the superintendence of an experienced chemist. The objects of this Company may be perhaps better exemplified by the following efraaion of a-youtliful member of it:— THE UKLITABIAN LOVER'S ADDRESS TO HIS DYING 1 . MISTRESS. Ah! dearest maid, though now we part, I'll find for thy rematnfi a mart, And thy blest soul with joy shall see Us utilize each part of thee. Thy osseous structure rightly burned To finest charcoal shall be turned; The stearine we will then prepare From thy sweet fat with greatest care, And run in moulds that I may see "Short sixes" as a part of thee. ~ The oils, of which you're not aware r. You have two kinds, I'll then prepare— * The heavy one for cartwheel use, And irom the- other "light" produce; Thy teeth, those lovely " pearl reminders," • We'll sell to those who're short of grinders; Those beauteous lodes, so bright and fair, To those who've got but littlenalr. So fear not, sweetest, dearest ghost That one small speck of the'U be lost, For what is left of thy dear frame Shall used be, my dying flame, No particle be cast away, But reproduced in grass or hay. The man who does the funny column for the Government Qazette suggests that when cremation cdmBB into fashion the daily papers should be called die-um-als. { Coroners are generally possessed of a sort of grim humour. One of these gentry was lately beset by a meddling individual. The Coroner testily expressed the wish that his next inquest, would be on a busy "body." .We notice over several butchers' shops the words 'Bmithfield Company," and we wish to ascertain whether this is a joint-stock concern, and whether, so far as the supply of meat is concerned, the Com- Epnyia limited. -There are other questions which relate to butchers. It is worth knowing whether, if a butcher asks his friends to spend ah evening with him, he feels bound to give them beef-tea ana sweetbread and butter: and,when mutton falls in price, whether a butcher looks chopfallen; also, when business is dull, it would be correct for'a butcher to grumble at trade being ofiaL Hydrophobia does not always proceed from the bites of rabid animate. We Know a T"" 1 who has such a horror of water that he never washes himself. Drinkers do queer things. A man recently took a.mp" of whisky, and afterwards swallowed a brandy " snap;'' neither nips did him any good. UN8YITABLB 8ATINGS. For a Pastry Cook.—Faint tart never won fair lady. For an Undertaker.—Never say die. For a Tall Sweetheart.—Love me little, but love me long. For an Absent Mother-in-law.—When the cat is away, &c.; For anGfiScjops Dpctor,—'Tie better to leave the well alone, TEBB&T; ETENTFL, A young lady who has fallen in love with a goodlookmg preacher complains of pulpitation of the heart. A Colline-street tailor has remarked that a "tight fit" is often the result of " loose habits." Mr. Lauder, the riding-master, wishes it to be understood that one of the horses used by his pupils is not a Circus-Bian cream. The Governor and suite have lately inspected a "lolly" manufactory. His Excellency wished success to the enterprise, but added that "sweets" ethe uses of adversity ARITHMETICAL. Addition is an annual rule in some families. Multiplication is caused when twinB or triplets arrive. Substraction is a favourite rule with thieves. Division is often caused by the presence of a mother-in-law. Practice iB adored by professional men. The rule of three is that two are company and three none. Three up is another kind, but happily not much in vogue. Pronortion refers to a good figure; to be out of it denotes a tod one. A square root is sometimes corpulent in round numbers, CHEAP RECIPES. How to make economical custard for a large patty.—Take one eeg, one lamp of sugar, one teaspoonful of milk, ditto flour, one drop of essence of lemon, and one almond, beat up fine, and mix with one bucket of water. • How to dress goose.—Go to cheap drapers for clothing, and cheap toy shops for jewellery, buy gloves at an alarming sacrifice shop, and boots from salvage store. Cook before looking-glass, and serve upon block. To be taken with a spoon. Scotch eggnog.—One egg well whisked, one tumbler of water well whisked, sugar and lemon as desired. Put in a jug, and throw stones at it. CON. BY Mrs. GAMP.—"When I am so dispoged 1 can make couumbrums like other people," remarks the old lady, "and here's my last:—If I lost this ere umbrella, or wored it out, what would I do?" "Buy another?" "No." "Borrow one and not leturn it!" "No." "Why, I should take steps to re-cover it. I shall tell this to Mrs. Harris.' 1 ' A Cobbler's Evening Meal.—His (s)upper leather. Paternal Achers.—Father's decayed teeth. Why is it Nonsense to Purchase a Violin on Credit!—Because it is fiddle's(s)tick. An Egyptian Con.—How can M. de Leseeps get money when he wants it!—He can Sue-hit canaL A Strange Measure.—A yard. It has three feet, and yet cannot walk. 