CONVERSATION WITH A GHOST. One night (Lady Boresford, wifo of Sir Tristram is tho apeakor) when Sir Tristram and I woro in bed, I awoke suddenly from a donnd sleop, and found to my horror Lord Tyrono sitting by my . bedside I screamed out, ' For heaven's sake, Lord Tyrone, what brings you here at this timo of night ? ' ' Havo you then forgotten your promise ? ' said he, in n manner of awful solemnity. ' Did we not mutually engage to appear to each other after death ? I have just quittod the world and am now permitted (o appear to yon for the purpose of assuring you of the truth of revealed roligion, and that it is tho only one by which we can be saved.' . I am further suffered to inform you that you will in due timo give birth to a son, (hat you will be come a widow and marry again, and that you will die on your '. forty-seventh bir hday.' ' Good heavens,' cried I, ' cannot I provent this?' 'Yes,' ho replied, 'you are a free agent, and can prevent it by abstaining from a second marriage. Hitherto you havo had no trials. Moro I am not permitted to tell you, but if, after llm warning, you persist in your own infidelity, as regards religion, your lot in another world will be most miserable.' ' May I not ask,' said I, 'if you aro happy ? ' ' Had I been otherwise,' . said he, 'I should not have been allowed to appear to you.' ' I mny then infer Hint you' aro happy ? ' Ho smiled. ' But how,' said I, '? when the morning comes, shall I know thut your appearanco before me has been real, and not tho mero phantom of a dronm ? ' ' Will not the news of my death convince you?' ' No,' I replied ; ' I might have had such a dream, and that dream might accidentally be come true. I wish for some stronger proof of its reality.' ' You shall have such,' he, said, thon, waving his hand, the crimson velvet bed curtains were instantly drawn through a largo iron hoop, by which the tester of the bed was suspended. 'In that you cannot be mistaken ; no mortal arm could have performed this.' ' True,' I replied, 'but asleep we somotimes possess much greater strength than nwuke. Although I could not huvo done this when awake, I might huvo done it in my sleep, and I still have doubt.' Ho then proceeded to write his name in my pocket book, which was lying on my table, remarking, ' you know my hand writing.'' 'Nevertheless,' 1 suid, ' though I could not imitate your writing when awake I might do so in my sleep.' ' You are hard of belief, indeed, I must not touch you ; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh.' 'I do not regard a small blemish,' said I. ' You are a courageous woman,' Baid he. ' Then hold out your hand.' He touched my wrist. His hand was cold as ice! In an instant every' sinew and nerve shrunk, leaving an indellible mark as if a pair, of rod hot pincers had gripped me. 'Now,' said he, 'let no mortal eye while you live behold that wrist ; to see it would be sacrilege.' He rose from his seat, walked a few steps from the bed, and laid his hand on a bureau which always stood in tho room. 'In the morning,' he added, 'when you behold this, you will find another proof that what you have seen and heard this night is not an idlo dream, or the mere fancy of your bruin.' Ho stopped — I turned to look at him again — ho was gone. During the time I had conversed with. him, 'my thoughts were perfectly calm and colleoted, but the moment he departed, I felt chilled with terror, a cold perspiration came over me, and I endea voured in Tain to awake. Sir Tristram, in order to tell what had occurred. In this slato of terror and agitation I lay /or somo time, Until a flood of tears oame to my relief/when 1 dropped asleep. In tho morning, when I awoke, I found that Sir Tristram hud got up without noticing anything that had happened during tho uiuht. On rising, I found my pocket-book lying in the usual pi uce, with some pencil, marks inside, which I knew at once to be in the handwriting of Lord Tyrono. I took a piece of blnok ribbon and bound it tightly round my wrist, which presented the appearance of having been scarred and burnt during the night; and then, turning to the bureau, I observed tho impression ot a man's hand deeply burnt into the lid. — Appa- ritions, by the Sea. Sourchier Wray Savile. Singular Fight bktween an Almgatob and a:Bat. — The Neiu Orleans Times says : — ' A wholesale drug store in Magazine-street is tho happy possessor of a young and domesti-V cated alligator. This little crocodile has become \ quite the pet and the plaything of the establish-, ment ; he is of an amiable dispoation, fond of music and dinner, and quito submissive, shed ding tears and showing repentarico whenever it is found necessary to correct him'; It was re solved by the clefk-B in the establishment that as the alligator had renched .his third birth day, and increased to three feet in length, to utilise him, to put him to Bome other employ ment than that of a mere pet. At first it was thought he might be turned loose to reduce the republican vote of this state, by picking up stray picaninnies, for whom ho is commonly supposed to have a great love; but this was thought a ohimerical and dangerous enterprise, ' and therefore given upi It wub finally .coiir. eluded to make use of Crocky, the alligator, ob a cat. The storo teemed with rats and ' mice, who made daily inroads on the qui nine and ipecac; and it, is well known that alligators have a special and inestimablo hatred toward rats. A rat, to practise on, wa« caught' the other day imprisoned in a barrel of calomel. There he had spent at least a week on this meagre, insufficient, and injurious diet ; he was thin, weak, and melancholy; his health was broken, his constitution gone. Bat and alligator were put together in a box, and a 'numerous audience orowded around to get the front' pliice; Tho two enemies Boon anokp to an appreciation of the case. The rat Bafely and snugly en Bconcod himself in a corner. Tbe alligator hesi tated a second, scratched his head (metaphori cally), and having made up his mind as to the mode of attack, advanced slowly towards the rat with wide open jaws. The rat trembled : there was no escape, nothing but the wide open mouth of the alligator before him. Without hesitation, like Cut-tins, he jumped straight into tho yawning gulf, and getting a good' hold1 on the lower lip of the. alligator, swung himself to the ground. The 'saurian'' gave a squeak and swung himself around, the rat finally letting go, victor in the first round. The alligator, however, was not daunted, and advanced with the same tactics. The rat this time, by a most agile movement, leaped entirely over the alligator. Getting be hind him be now proceeded to chaw and gnaw away. The unwieldy animal could not get around to defend his hind legs. 'IBy a good use of his tail the alligator again got 'free, and ad vunced desperately, though with' flagging courage at the during rodent. With equal success the rat again sprung into the air, alighting on the alligator's back. Tho fight was over then. Tho alligator could not shake his enemy off, could not dislodge him ; and finally gave up the finht, laying himself down on his belly in a submissive attitude. The rat was set at liborty and f iven the run of all the drugs and medicines, whilst the poor alligator wus doomed to disgrace and t-idioulo. His master no longer feels pruud of liis rough pot, and offers to go in bathing among a thousand full-grown crocodiles without the loasl danger. Danger of Olhantng Bottihs with Shot. — A communication to the Puris Academy con demns tho uso of shot in cleaning bottles, qb practised in many households, on the ground that curbenate of lead may be formed in shaking them with water, and that Borne shot, with their not inoonBidor.i ble amount of arsenio, may possibly remain in the bottle. 