HCJfiART' i?0WN RAGG^11 'SCHOOL ? association; ? (From our Special Reporter.) The annual meeting of the above 'a9socia- ionwaaheld in the Mayor's Court, Town fcHall, on the 23rd ult., at which Fs Excellency presided. Amongst those present were His Honor Judge Dobson, His Lord ship Bishop Urotnby, Hon. P. O. Fvsb. Hoi W. R. Giblin, Hon. W. Moore, Mr C. M. S. 3hichc.iter; the Ruvs. Dr. Nicholson, J. W. Simmons, J. Storie, C. P. Greene, F. B Sharland, E. Symonds, T. E. O. Mell, and Messrs. B. T. Solly, R. A. Mather, H. Cook, — Scott, C. Crosby, M. Fearnley, and Dr! Lewis, &c;, together with several ladies. The meeting was opened by Bishop Broniby enga ring' in prayer, at the conclu sion of which, His Excellency the Governor rose and said — My lord, ladies and gentlemen, it is not so very long ago that I was present at the great annual field day of the Council of Education, and in a speech which I made at the subsequent luncheon, I be^qed those who are interested in the cause of. education in this colony, to look well to the lower steps of the ladder. It is at the foot of the educa tional ladder that I consider we are this evening assembled. No. doubt the meeting of this evening is a very modest aAd unpre tending affair,, as compared with the great annual gathering of the Council, or even witb ? the prize days of the superior schools, which I attended last week. But it is one, let me say, in which I take part myself with equal pleasure and equal interest, for, in fact, ] look upon these ragged schools as a most important bulwark of your whole educational fabric. It has been well said that if even the ' hitrhest philosopher were to be placed in the midst of daily discomforts, immorality, and vileness, the probabilities are that he would insensibly gravitate towards brutality. How much more susceptible then roust be the impressionable and helpless child to the evil influence of such surroundings; and how next to impossible appears the task of rearing a. kindly nature, sensitive to evil and pure in mind and heart, amidst coarseness, discomfort, and impurity. Those then in any country will labor voluntarily, like the' promoters of Ragged Schools, in draining, if I may so call it, its ' Serbonian bog' of ig norance, and converting its sloughs and quag mires into sound soil which will repay culti vation, are, to my mind, well deserving of their country's grateful support. (Hear, hear.) It may be said that what is now the voluntary work of the Ragged School should after all be the compulsory work of the State, but my opinion on this head has always been that where the State finds a voluntary agency doing good work, the best thing the Stale -:aii do is to give it a helping hand rather than to tell it to stand aside. When the voluntary agency fails, then the State may step in to good purpose ; and let me say further that if compulsory powers are to be exercised-ai all., they should be exercised in such a way as to show that they do not exist merelv on the. paper on which they are printed. (Hear, hear.) 'No compulsion — only you- must' is. to my miud a much better principle to. go upon than that of ' compulsion — only you needn't,' and upon which of these, two principles 'the compulsory clauses oi the Tasmanion Public Schools Act have been hitherto worked, I will not stop to argue. But I think myself, that while compulsory enactments should be adipcin isterdl with firmness, t.hey should also toe administered with discrimination. I- was glad to read the other day a very favorable account of the Free School in Murray-street, but in my opinion, the circumstances of tbose whose parents make application for ttocir free admission to that school, should be clearly understood, and their inability Jo pay ? distinctly proved, before they are, admitted. ' A groat distinction, to my mind, should be drawn between the man who, from, sheer poverty, is clearly unable to provide for his children's education, and the man who £nds it pleasanter to spend his money in an extra glass of beer, or an extra screw of toja^ceo, than in the payment of his children's school fees. The first case is a fair one for free admission to the Free Sohools ; in the second, a man should be made to feel that it is jus(; as much his duty to find education for bi« children, as it is to provide theni with food and clothing, and that the claims of their schooling are at . least prior to those of his own extra beer and tobacco. Many and serious as I deem the objections to be to n general state system of free education, I con fess that I would rather see elementary edu cation given free to all alike, than that mere indisposition to pay should be accepted as proof positive of inability, and school fees thus become a simple tax upon providence and industry. Such, at all events, ia not tbe spirit and tendency of all recent English legislation on the question of elementary education, more especially the amended Education Act of last Session, that, I mean, which makes it imperative on the Poor Law Guardians to withold all out-door relief, save on a certificate that the children of the families receiving such relief are being edu cated, upwards of 200,000 children will speedily be added to the school registers of: the country. (Hear, hear.) And this, ac cording to ray view, is the exercise of com pulsion in its fairest and most legitimate form. For, as it. was well remarked in tbe course of the debate on the Bill, the child of an out-door pauper is of all children the least likely to be veluntarily sent to school, aud ia, at the same time, the most likely of til children to get no education, save in vice, or that utter sbif tlessness which is vice's inev i tablc precursor. But even in England, -wide as the compulsory net is being thrown, vie see the voluntary aeencv kecointr Dace wiMi it, we see Ragged Schools still continuing: to exist, and to do good work amongst classes of the population which it would be difficult to reach by_ the terrors of the law alone. And so, I think, here as elsewhere, stringently as the law may be worked, there will always, be scope ior voluntary effort, there will always be a field where those may labor who in Milton's expressive language, Yet hold It more humane, more heavenly, £r»t By winning words to conquer willing iaindo, And let persuasion do the work of fear. What the actual work of. the Ragged School: Union has been during the past year yon will . learn from the secretary's report. I believe I can say that the schools have been making satisfactory progress, and that the childr'tni have been trained not merely in that elemen tary instruction which we speak of familiarly as the three R's, but in that Higher education which, his Lordship the Bishop last year called the three H's, education of the head, the hand, and the heart. As last year's re port well put it, the object is to train these children in habits of discipline, punctuality, order, and work, in the sense and practice of the truth, honesty, and honour ; and to base* this training on reverence to God, His word, and His commandments*. I am sorry, how ever, to find, from the glance I have hud at the draught report, that the subscriptions tire falling off, and the teaching power of the schools diminishing in consequence, n con siderable balance being actually against the schools in the books of the treasurer. I hope when this is known that the good work ao ?quietly and unobtrusively done by this agency will meet with more general appreciation and more liberal support. (Hear, bear.) We are assembled here almost on the very eve of our great day of general joy and thanks giving, and I could not help thinking to-day of that powerful scene in Mr Dickens' Christmas Carol, where the ghost of Christy was present is taking leave of the wretched miser in whose heart the gerra of better feel injja and more generous sympathies is begin ning to be awakened — 'From the fallings of its robe the spirit brought two children — wretched, abject, frightful, hideous, miser able. They knelt down at his feet, and clung upoti the outside of its garment. They were a boy and girl — yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolfish, but prostrate, too, in their humility. Where graceful youth should have filled their features out, and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, like that of age, had pinched and twisted them, and pulled them into shreds. Where angels might have sat en throned, devils lurked and glared out' me- nacing— no change, no degradation, no per version of humanity, in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creition, has mouaters half so horrible'and diead.' 'They are man's' said the spirit, looking down upon them, ' and they cling to md,^ppealing from their fathers. ' This boy is Ifjuqrancc j this girl is Want. Bjware of theiii.both, -and all their degree ; but most of all, be ware of this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased.' .'Have they no refuge or re source ?' cried Scrougo. ' Are there no prisons?' said the Spirit, turning on him tor the last time with his own words. 'Are there no workhouses?' The spirit of bur Christmas present is even now almost -with1 us, aad perhaps his coming will be none the lew merry to us for the thought that, /al- most our last act before he came was to: aid a cause which has for its object the eni «ure from the brows of our destitute child ren of the doom written there by the harid -writing of ignorance, and the lightening that burden of crime and pauperism which lies bo heavy upon this community.' (Ap plause.) Mr James Salier. the lion, secretary, was thea requested by the Governor to read the annual report, but previous to doing so he read a letterfrora Mr P. T. Smith, late of Syndal, regretting that the society could not afford to pay higher salaries to the teachers of tbe schools, and offering a contribution of A'lO with this object, an announcement which was received with applause. Mr Salier then read the 16th annual report, which showed that the average daily attendance during the year had been Soil; the average number on i;he books 400. The average attendance at Watchom-street had been 103; on the books, ir-0 ; at Collins-3treCt, attendance. 133 ; on the books, 1 73 ; at Cascades' Kuad, attend ance H5 ; on the books, 167; and the sub scriptions collected during the year have been no more than £78 14i lid; and that -the balance against the schools at this date 19X102 133 Ud.. ;? . .'.; Bishop Bromby moved that the report now read; ...with '-the. .treasurer's, statement, be printed. and circulated, and (hat the follow ing gentlemen constitute the committre for the easuing'year, with power to atld to their number : — President — Hon. A. Kenuerley, .Bsn... M.L.C. Vice Presidents— H. Cook, Jfen.. 3.V., Thomas Westbrook, Esq., J.P. Trustees— Hon. P. O. Fysh, Esq., T. Westbrook, Esq., J. W. Woolley. Esq. Auditors— C. Crosby, Esq., .T. W. Weolleyj I3sq. Treasurer— James E. Salier, Esq. Secretary — Rev. J. Storie. Committee — ?Rev. H. B. Bromby, Ven. Archdeacon Diivies, Revs'. -R.- 10. Dear, C. P. Greene, . J. T. Gelli bracd.T. E. O. Mell, Dr.Nicolsori, D. Parrj, W. C. Robinson, J. Scott, J. W.. Simmons, '.f. E.Stephenson; Messrs. -C. O. Abbott, C. Crosby, C. A. C. Calvert, T. J. Crouch, J. GeiUe, R. C; Gray; H. Hinsby, R. A. Mather, T. fc£cConnack, J. Perkins,' W. Pratt, J. W. Woolley. Ladies' Committee — The Hon. Mrs Du Cane, Mrs Allport, ' Mrs Barrett, Mrs Barnard, Mrs Calvert, Mrs Gellibrahd, Mrs A.:lIopkins,MrsKennerley,Mrs H. Miller, Mrs. F. Miller, Lady Officer, Mrs Robinson, Mrs Woolley, Mrs Stephenson. Secretary Mrs Wilson. Lady Superintendents — Watch- orc-street, Mrs Jas. Salier ; Collins-street, Miaa Garrett ; Cascades Road, Mr3 Dear. Tbe Hon. W. R. Giblin seconded the reso lution, which was put to the meeting 'and carried. ~ \ The Rev. Dr. Nicolson move;! — ' That the great deficiency shown by the treasurer's report, during a period when no unusual ex peuaes have accrued, calls for immediate and ? serious attention ; and this meeting recoiii- ; mends the treasurer and committee, now appointed, to make a vigorous effort for its ': liquidation.' ' ' ?'? ' * ; Mr'C. Crosby seconded, and the' motion ; ivaa carried unanimously. ', ' / '': ' ~ i Tne Hon. A. Kennerley movedr-'.That; this meeting gratefully acknowledges', the many donations in money for prizes to the, children, in- dress materials, and in provisions' aud fruit, which have been made- during the; last year to these schools, and. the important; 'benefits derived from the assisistauce of ' the: ladies and gentlemen who have regularly visited them.' . ??.??. ; The Rev. J. W. Simmons: seconded this,1 aud it was put and carried. ? , ! !: ; : , i The Rev. John' Stqrie moved— '_'. That. ? it; be remitted -to the committee now appointed1 to consider the bearing of the Public Schools' Amendment Act' on these schools, and the . ch.oseu of the city population for whom' they; ;vre ftpecially intended, and what further? legislation, if any, may be advisable in order; to secure a more full and regular attendance' in them of poor and neglected children.' ? ' ', Mr H. Cook seconded, and the motion wasi carried. , . ? ' ? The Hon. P. O. Eysh moved—' That the: cordin.1 Ihanks of this meeting are due to -His! 1'lKceltency for his kindness in presiding; for his many valuable addresses; and for the personal interest which he and Mrs Du Cane have ever displayed in the cause of these: schools.' Mr Fysh said he desired with all: deiicscy to take up a challenge which fell' from. Mr Storie. An opportunity was offered' of eontrilHitinfr £100 in order that the society .'.might be relieved of its embarrassment, and he thought that amount could be raised at that meetiug. He hesitated in suggesting this.' because His Eyeellency had ever taken such interest in the progress of the society and had always contributed most liberally. There were many who could not affordto contribute pecuniarily, but who could devote nome time to the work of the schools, and as ?buBiitoss arrangements prevented kim'atte'nd ' ing at the «chools, he would lend his assist ance by giving £10 towards clearing off tbe debt. (Applause.) He trusted that the Governor's successor— for it was probable another gentleman would occupy His Es cellency'8 place at the next meeting — would take such an interest in these institutions as he (His Excellency) hod, for he hiid often labored nndor the disadvnntage at these and other meetings to address very small audiences, which was an unpleasant duty, for a gentleman in his position. Mr Fysh con cluded by moving that His Lordship the Bishop take the chair, and the thanks of the meeting haTing been conveyed to him, His Excellency returned thanks. Ho said thnt reference had been made to the fact of the number of empty benches which he had often to address here, but he could as sure them that be was not altogether inex pcrieuced in this respect for he had often ad dressed empty benches in the House of Par liament. As regarded this being the last oc casion on which he would have the honor and pleasure to preside at their annual moet ing, he could inform them that he had some months yet to remain in Tasmania, but if the next annual meeting of the association were held in the same month in the year 1874, it wan probable his successor would preside. He had no idea who would be his successor bu- he had no doubt that he would take as much interest in the welfare of the association as he himself did. Allusion had been made to the deficiency in the funds, and he begged to supplement Jus usual subscrip tion by an additional £5. (Applause.) The proceedings then terminated. 