Rr?Tf!in^-'AT 'RET:ATRj On Tuesday afternoon, March 31 , Mr. E. W. Kernot, J.P., of Coromandel Valley, held an inquest at Belair on the body of Gottfried Kol), vhn vqc farmd cfrnnorlo/1 in Vila nvn HrtftSA ft& 1 a.m. that day. Mr. Thos. Turner was Foreman. Elizabeth Koll, wife of deceased, said she. saw her husband last alive at 1 a.m., when she made him some tea. Deceased was in bed awake, ; and told her to retire to rest. Five minutes after she west to bed she heard seme one on a chair in deceased's bedroom. Then all was quiet, and ; witness thought deceased was asleep. A fight was then noticed in the room, and witness's daughter went to the room and called out that her father had fallen from the bed. Witness entered his room and found him sitting on the floor with his back to the back of a chair. - He had his braces round his neck, and fastened to the top part of the chair. Witness released him . and called for aid. He was dead, but not cold. By a Juryman— Never heard deceased threaten to destroy himself. He had been for three weeks suffering from rheumatism in his leg. Never heard him say the pain would drive him mad. He was sober, and had drank nothusg strong for five months. He always took his meals regularly. Lived on good terms, and did not quarrel with him. Elizabeth Koll, daughter ot deceased, said she saw him last alive about 10 p.m. when she went to bed. About midnight deceased called out, and Mrs. Koll went to him and gave hi'Tp some tea, and a roast onion to put on his leg. He drank two cups of tea, and Mrs. Koll then covered him up in bed. He told her to go to bed and he would try to sleep. Witness and her mother retired, and about ten minutes after wards, heard deceased talking to himself. Also heard a noise in the room, which, however, soon ceased. Witness went into the room, found a candle burning, and deceased sitting on the floor with his back to the chair. She told her mother that her father had fallen out of bed, and it was then seen that he was tied by the neck to the chair with' his braces. Mrs. Koll re leased him, and assistance was obtained. The body was quite warm when found. By the Jury— Never heard him complain that his knee would drive him mad. It was not very bad that night. No angry words passed between deceased and his wife. He had been suffering for years from rheumatism. Never heard him threaten to destroy himself. The front of the chair was against a box. George White, liviner on the pre mises, said he was called about 1 a.m. on the 31st by Miss Koll, who said she believed her father was dying or dead. Saw deceased sitting on the floor with his head against the back of the chair. Spoke to him and received no reply. Witness lifted his head and found him quite warm. Felt his pulse, which did not beat. Miss Koll went for Mr. Terry, and witness sup ported the body till he arrived. Aakofl Sir. Terry if he did not think Koll was dead, and he said he did. Witness assisted to lay deceased oc the sofa and went to Adelaide to inform the police. The braoes were round his neck when witness found him, but they were loosed from the chair. The position deceased was found in could not have been accidental. Alfred Terry, of Belair, storekeeper, said that when he saw deceased he was sitting on the floor with his head resting on the knees of last witness, who said 'I think he is gone.' He was pulseless. He was lifted on the bed and information given to the police. Witness stayed with Mrs. and Miss Koll, and the former said she could not think what reason deceased had for hanging himself, as he had plenty to live upon and was not in any difficulties. She had heard him say some time ago when tipsy that he would not suffer irith the bad knee again, but she did not think he meant it seriously. When she gave him some tea about 1 a.m._ he seemed just as usual and in hi3 right mind. Emanuel Hollard, labourer, was in the house with deceased a few hours previous to his death, and he said he felt just as usual. He said his knee was always properly dressed. . He did not complain, and seemed perfectly rational and never spoke of self-destruction. Police-trooper T. Reid said he examined the body of Koll as it lay on the sofa, and found a mark round the neck as of something having been tightly drawn round the throat, whioh was discoloured. Was cot aware that any doctor had been sent for. The Coroner remarked that the whole affair was somewhat mysterious. There was no evidence of foul play, but death must have resulted from strangulation, He did not see any necessity for Mrs. Koll to call in medical advice, as her husband was dead when she saw him. It seemed strange that a man said to be as rational as Koll, and one so little likely to contemplate suicide, should destroy himself as described, but appa rently he did so. There was no blame attach able to any person. One of the Jurymen remarked that Koll, whom he had known for years, suffered severely from a white swelling ou his knee, and' often said it would drive him crazy. The Jury found '''that deceased, Gott fried Koll, came to his death .by strangulation caused by his own hand, but there is no evi dence to show the state of his mind at the time.' The inquest did not take place till late in the afternoon, as the trooper had a difficulty in finding a Coroner, and having finally to go to Coroaandel Valley. Black Af?hat at Goolwa.— In the Police Court column of the Rojiker, on Tuesday, March 31, we gave a, lengthy report; of charges hid against a number of aboriginals who had savagely assaulted Police-trooper Moriarty, an energetic officer stationed at Goolwa, and we learn that in the town mentioned during the past few months the blacks have been very troublesome, inconse quence of the facilities which exist for enabling them to get a supply of intoxicating liquor. Police-trooper Moriarty has been unremitting in bis efforts to discover the guilty parties who pander to the craving of the natives for drink. A shott time since he proved two charges of supplying liquor, brought against a woman who had been long suspected, and more recently a man in the employ of Mr. Long as a shepherd was fined for the same offence. Notwithstanding these examples, the natives continue to get well supplied by some means hitherto unknown. They are now become bold, and say openly that they have as much right to have drink as the whitefollows. .The late attack upon Mr. Moriarty was no doubt premeditated. On the morning of the day previous to the affray three aboriginals were taken before Mr. A. Graham, J.P., and fined 10s. each for being drunk and disorderly. A week was given them for the payment' of the p9nalty. During the hearing of the case the conduct «f the three defendants was impudent in the extreme, and their indignant looks betokened anything . but friendly feeling towards the officer who had arrested them. On the day of the trial of the seven prisoners who were concerned in the violent attack upon Police-trooper Moriarty many natives were in the ? Court-House, and it was the subject of remark that during the whole proceedings they kept directing looks indicative of mischief towards Moriarty. It is hoped that in order to further the ends of justice, as well as to prevent some catastrophe occurring at Goolwa through the agency of drunken infuriated blackfellows, the respectable inhabitants 'will co-operate with the police in assisting to discover the base wretches who do not hesitate to procure for the natives the supplies of that which transforms them into veritable demons. Fancy. Muff Match.— The list of character players in the forthcoming fancy costume muff cricket match on the Adelaide Oval is now announced. The representative of Salem Scudder will be the Captain on one side, and Mephistopheles has consented to appear on the other, while a Clown, Negro, Harlequin, Mata dor, Uhlan, and Admiral will be in the team, along with such distinguished but diverse beings as Claude Melnotte, Mark Antony, Jack Sheppard, Lord Dundreary, and Rob Roy. The Umpires are to be not less important personages than Hamlet's Ghost and Richard HI. It is announced that the funds raised will be devoted to the improvement of the ground on which the two queer Elevens are to play. North-East Matta.— Intelligence has been received in Adelaide of a discovery at this mine wlrich promises to be of some importance. Two lodes have been opened up, and from the east and west lode rich steel-grey ore, samples of whick are now at Mr. Wadham'^ office, has been obtained. The size of the lode i3 20 inches in the smallest part. It is early yet safe to say how this will stand for ore, but sanguine expectations are entertained concerning it, ; 