THINGS IN GENERAL. The ratepayers an petitioning the Cfoi&ora-; tion against the TmiswM»B on Ab Fast £a& iAudB. and in &te; teattet there are Vtety afeong grounda «f eomplaiat. WiiSie private persons are compelfed V6 shnt up important manufac torfes tkeeanse they have not discovered a iaethod of carrjing them on without annoying their neighbors, our xDunidpal authority* ffer mit the pleasure grounds ef tk-s aity to be nsed as a common «ak *»ld -iiuthe&^, into vrhicii are carted «r drained the rtb'blsa a*nd %lth of a large portion «f A^elaicfe, so offending the eye, poisoning the atthfc&phere;, and endangering the public fceftith. The feUmongers of Hindmarsh are properly forbidden to let ^ the washings of wool and hides defile the water of the Torrebs, and render it useless to those who live oh its banks lower down, bat at .the sanie ffitte the sewage of the feetropblb in Ar*fiaed into the noble riv-en, and may %e Been flowing down, a t ofll black «freafe\, wkile iu its noieome exhala tiona **e the seeds of disease and death. Immense excitement prevailed for a short time a.w.eek.pr two ago.ina family in a quiet countryTiownship. Thelieads of the httttsehold were spending the ereaing away from home, leaving their olive branches and domestics to take care of themselves, and on returning, tn% nmterfanjiKas, whogWAs a firisi betiever Hi homes 3pathy, missed * bottle cbntaining a quarter ol a pottnd ot globules, and to her na speakafele horror found that the childrefe nad ttsed . it all as sugar for sweetening their tea. The yonng hopefuls «e^ none the worse for their dose ; bet fiahnemana'e disciples would tell you that the greatness of the quantity taken rendered the medioine, as they -pleaae to term it, both inoperative and innoxious. No easonisg is too egregious to be advanced in support of a system of pore mountebankism, Mr. Milne's numerous friends, and all lovers of aquatic sports, will regret to heat of his disaster with the beautiful Hygeia so eitly in her career, but perhaps amoral may be gleaned from the unfortunate aooident. Tfee jolly Viee Oommodore, who has been in many Ministries, and has held the portfolio of Chief Secretary, will now know how much more serious serious «v vutug *vui| wuuu nMv utaia uu.v *.*3o^vx*.miu*.u.vj ^ to navigate a vessel on the briny than to pilot the vessel of the State. A Minister can commit any blunder, cause nay amount of loss and suffering, with impunity ; he can wasteiinndreds of thousands by pure bungling in the Northern Territory or with the railways, can kill squatters, encourage manslaughter and murder generally, and never be called upon for a farthing's damage or penalty^ but there is altogether a different law on the ocean. Ob that element respon- sible government ia a reality. However, though like the exemplary Joseph Surface, I must moralise, I hope the worthy President of the Oounoil will soon have repaired damages, and not suffering this mishap to Weigh on his mind too much, will weigh anchor and be ence more on a pleasant cruise, and exchanging signals with that jollieBt of coasting skippers — Captain Snewin, who, I am glad to hear, is already off the slip and again afloat. At the great Blumberg meeting the Hon. Arthur Blyth spoks of his pomposity as mere mannerism. This is a great mistake, and an absurd abuse of terms. To order out a large steamer from Port Adelaide simply to oonvey his portly person for a mile and a half, when there were other means of transit, is something beyond mere mannerism. Generally speaking, Mr. Blyth's pomposity is harmless and amusing, but the egotism from which it pprings is a grave fault in a public man, and utterly incon sistent with the true greatness we look for in a statesman. A really great man camot be an egotist, because moral greatness is attained by devotion to an object higher than oneself. The egotist, on the contrary, is attached to prin upin auu wjcifiD lean iv« uucuvnuoaaoj vuauiHf they shed glory upon or bring position to him* self. From, this cause, mere than any other, arises the shuffling and inconsistency of some of our public men. They are always dreading defeat ; they like the van of the victorious charge, but not the long and doubtful struggle that precedes it. No great prin ciple, no grand reform, will ever owe anything to snch men as the Hon. Arthur Blyth and Sir Henry Ayers. because their assistance is never rendered till it could easily be dis pensed with. Otheis do the watching, the striving, the planning, the fighting ; they come in for the pursuit, the loot, and the laurel?. They do sothing to guide the current of public opinion, but float is the biggest and frothiest babbles on the stream. In the suit of Palmer v. Andrews the Govern, ment have withdrawn from their appeal to the Privy Council. It is gratifying to know that we now have a Government that will not use the money of tbe people in carrying on expen sive litigation when they have not the ghost of a case to go to Court with. The Ministry of theday^went from tribunal to tribunal in the case of the Northern Territory Company v. Blackmore, though the unanimous decision of the Judges of the colony and the opinion of every lawyer of ar.y note, not engaged for the defendant, should have convinced them of the fatuity of the course they were pursuing, and probably did ao. convince them, but they had not the pluck or the honesty to aot against the popular clamer. The bushmen seem to have had a very pleasant day of it on the 18th inst. with their picnic and their feed in the evening. Their Club, under the superintendence or Wi'liam, has proved te be an undoubted success, and a great boon to the class for whose benefit it is intended. The temperate workman naturally chooses such a lodging, when obliged to remain for a time in Adelaide, and to the man of con vivial tendencies, it is a harbor of refuge from ihe temptations, snares, and trickeries of city life. Occasionally a stockman may reach the Club late at night rather shaky on his pins, or a shepherd may find it somewhat difficult while zigzagging his way to the establishment, to ' draft' bis leg& ; bat in such cases, after a good sleep, tbe sinner wakes with any remorse he may feel for having made an ass of himself very much alleviated by the reflection that he is not on the big burst, and that his cheque, or roll of notes, is still all right in William's safe keeping. When this institution was started I was afraid that tbe bnshmen might get too much talkee-talkee from the founders, but this grave error -has not been committed. Nothing could be more calculated to drive a person to a spree than an exhortation from, some of the well-meaning promoters of this Home for the -wallaby tracker ; but the bushmen will listen attentively to a little advice given by some one possessed of tact, knowledge of the world, and a fellow feeling for human infirmities. The recent fire at the Cemetery naturally gives rise to very grave reflections. It should not at once be taken for granted that the igni tion was purely accidental Many persons have strongly-grounded objections to any burial place so near the city ; others highly approve of the principle of disposing of dead bodies by burn* in?, and some enthusiast might have made an effort to put this theory into practice. Such an irregular^ and unlawful method of bringing a system into operation, however, cannot be tolerated. If cremation is to be brought into fashion it cannot be by such eccentric, illegal, and superficial experiments. The destruction of herbage, if intantdonal, was quite unwarrant able, and could prove nothing ; for, though all flesh is grass, the oonverse does not follow. Oar Christmas weather is very puz zling, one neither knows how to dress or what 'to tdrink, and it has been a matter of j{ doubt whether the festival would have to be kept In English or Australian faghton^ round a. roaring fire or Sprawling in the shade, This .Decem^or has been altogether a Wm&rfc;&ble; fche, bow Scorch ing jaitd ispon almost freezing, while of other portions of the month it might properly have been said — 'Thess are the melancholy dayr, The gloomiest of the year | A little too warm fee whisky hot} Alittle too feold for beer.^ . The great day itself. #asj £6 werer, veil cele brated, and sever more h&ppily.; Over all the laftd^ao'e t&d; plenty prevail, and though no cpufefcry can be without many individual oases of want and sorrow, yet the general prosperity has .made this Christmas in South Australia a more than usually joyous ona» ftutj there Was genuineness in the merry meetings e! old ilttd young, of rollicking bo$s and laughing Mrls1, held in woodland Aba. MeajJowj £h pe hillside, in the glen aft! date, , by tne winding river, on the batiks of babbling brooks, and along the sea shore. Before my next weekly deliverance appears, we shall have entered upon what I hope will be to all my readers a HAPPr New Ybab. ? ? YABEBB. 