THE GRASSES AND FODDER PLANTS WHICH MAY BE BENEFICIAL TO THE SQUATTER AND AGRICULTURIST IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The following interesting and instructive paper was recently read by Dr. Schomburgk. Director of the Botanic Garden, before a special meeting the Chamber of Manufactures:— Your Excellency and Gentlemen— No doubt you will agree with me that in the household of nature there is not a more im- portant tribe of plants than that of the grasses, as upon the seeds of the cereal division more than two-thirds of the population of the globe subsists. The same remark is also applicable in regard to the animal world. To the gramnivorous animals, which are the most numerous amongst the mammalia, the value of grasses as fodder is hardly second to that of their corn for human food, and a considerable portion of the feathered tribe live also upon the seeds of grasses. Without wheat, rye, barley, oats, maize, Guinea corn, rice, what would become of us? It is said that rice alone forms the food of three fourths of the human race; in other words of between six and seven hundred millions of the population of the world, As nothing can be uninteresting which is connected with the habits of a tribe of such vast importance to man and beast, I will, before proceeding to the real object of. this evening's lecture, mention a few more illustrative facts. Professor Lindley says in his work, "The Vegetable Kingdom," the use of this most important tribe of plants for food, fodder, clothing, &c;, requires little illustration. The abundance of wholesome fæcula contained in their seeds renders them peculiarly well adapted for the sustenance of man, and if the cereal grasses only, such as wheat, barley, rye, oats, maize, Guinea corn, rice, are the kinds com- monly employed, it is because of the large size of their grain compared with that of other grasses, for none are unwholesome in their natural state, only one kind being known amongst the whole tribe, namely, the drake (Lolium temulentum— Lin.), the effects of which are undoubtedly deleterious. Sugar is a general product of grasses. For economical purposes grasses are often of much importance. I will only mention the bamboo, which in some parts of the world, especially in Asia, is employed as timber and cordage. Plants of a grass, called in South America "Taquarussa," are living fountains. They grow from 30 to 40 feet high, with a diameter of six inches, form thorny impenetrable thickets, and are excedingly(sic) grateful to travellers and hunters; for on cutting such a reed below a joint the skin of the younger shoots is found to be full of a cool liquid, which quenches the most burning thirst. To this I can testify, as during our travels in South America we nailed with delight such a copse of reeds to quench our thirst. Besides these properties of the grasses I may also men- tion their use for paper, cordage, straw plat- ting, &c.; In fact, the value of this order to mankind is boundless, and I should trespass too much on your patience if I ventured to tell you all of the economical purposes to which the products of the different grasses are applied. Besides these properties of the graminaceæ their inorganic products are also remarkable. The cuticle contains a large proportion of silex, as is proved, according to Professor Lindley, by its hardness and by masses of vitrified matter being found whenever a hay- stack or heap of corn is accidentally consumed by fire. With the exception of the genus bambusa (bamboo) nature has not lavished on the repre- sentatives of this most important and interesting order of the vegetable world much outward beauty, nor has the enthusiasm of ancient and modem bards been excited by them, as is the case so frequently in praise of other plants, which have been endowed by nature with every beauty to please the eye, but without the slightest use to mankind. I think we all, indeed, are apt to look on the grasses with too much indifference, considering that they constitute in a great degree the staff of our life. Professor Lindley says further :— 'The great mass of herbage known by the name of sedges and grasses constitutes, perhaps, a twelfth part of the described species of flowering plants, and at least nine-tenths of the number of individuals composing the vegetation of the world ; for it is the chief source of that verdure which covers the earth, especially of northern countries, with a gay carpet during the year." I extract the following account of the geographical distribution of grasses by Pro- fessor Shaw:— "The family is very numerous. In the system of Roemer and Schubles there are 1,800; and since this work, were it brought to a conclusion, would probably contain 40,000 in all, it may be assumed that the grasses form a twenty-second part. It is more than probable, however, that in future the grasses will increase in a larger ratio than the other phaneroganic plants, and that perhaps the just proportion will be as 1 to 20, or as 1 to 16." Greater still will be their proportion to vege- tation in general when the number of indi- viduals is taken into account, for in this respect most, if not all, of the classes are inferior. With regard to locality in such a large family very little can be advanced. There are, how- ever, both land and water grasses, but no marine plants. They occur in every soil, in society with others and alone; the last to such a degree as entirely to occupy considerable districts. Sand appears to be less favourable to this class ; but even this has species nearly peculiar to itself. Grasses exist under the equator, on the mountains of the south of Europe, where they ascend almost to the snow line, and on the Andes. The greatest difference between tropical and extra-tropical grasses appears to be the following :— The tropical grasses acquire a much greater height, and occasionally assume the appearance of trees. Some species of bambusa are from 50 to 60 feet high. The leaves of the tropical grasses are broader, and approach more in form those of other families of plants. Separate sexes are more frequent in the tropical grasses, the flowers are softer, more downy and elegant The extra-tropical grasses, on the contrary, far surpass the tropical in respect of the number of individuals. That compact grassy turf which, especially in the colder parts of the temperate zones, in spring and summer composes the green meadows and pastures, is almost entirely wanting in the torrid zone. The grasses there do not grow crowded together, but, like other plants, more dispersed. The contribution of the cultivated grasses is one of the most interesting of all subjects, and I beg you will indulge and not grudge me if I go into lengthened details of this so interesting point. It is determined, not merely by climate, but depends on the cultivation, industry, and traffic of the people, and often on historical events. Within the northern polar circle agri culture is found only in a few places. In Siberia grain reaches at the utmost only to 60°, in the eastern parts scarcely above 55°, and in Kamt- schatka there is no agriculture even in the most southern parts (51°). The polar limit of agri- culture on the north-west coast of America appears to be somewhat higher, for in the more Southern Russian possessions (57° to 52°), barley and rye come to maturity. On the east coast of America it is scarcely above 50° or 52°. Only in Europe, namely, in Lapland, does the polar limit an unusually high latitude — 70°. Beyond this dried fish, and here and there potatoes, supply the place of grain. The grains which extend furthest to the north in Europe are barley and oats. These, which in the milder climates are not used for bread, afford to the inhabitants of the northern parts of Norway and Sweden, of a part of Siberia, and Scotland their chief vegetable nourishment. Rye is the next, which is substituted for the inferior kinds of grain. This is the prevailing grain in a great part of the northern temperate zone, namely, in the south of Sweden and Norway, Denmark, and in all the lands bor- dering on the Baltic, the north of Germany, and part of Siberia. It is a very remarkable circumstance that the native country of wheat, oats, barley, and rye should be entirely unknown, for although oats and barley were found by Colonel Chescey apparently wild on the banks of the Euphrates, it is doubtful whether they were not the remains of cultivation. This has led to an opinion on the part of some persons that all our cereal grasses are artificial productions, obtained acci- dentally, but retaining their habits, which have become fixed in the course of ages. Having attempted to impress on your mind the importance of this most valuable and in- teresting order of the vegetable world, upon which the existence of the human race mainly depends, I will now go over to the subject of this evening's lecture, namely— "The Grasses and Fodder Plants which may be beneficial to the Squatter and Agriculturist in South Aus- tralia." No doubt you will agree with me that there are few circumstances to which the agriculturist and squatter of this colony have been so in- attentive as to the nature and produce of their pasture lands— namely, the grasses and fodder plants. It is also true that the cultivation of artificial grasses and fodder plants will and can never be so general here as at home on account of the large extent of pasture land in the possession of the squatter, and on account of the insuperable difficulty arising from climate and the droughts to which some parts of the colon} are often subjected, which is against the cultivation of most of the artificial grasses; and there are not many European and foreign grasses which would live throughout the year and will renew them- selves annually. I will say first a few words regarding our native grasses, of which I am sorry to say many species have already died out from cultivation aad depasturing since possession has been taken by Europeans. It is a historical fact whenever man settles in a new country he exercises a potent influence over the indigenous vegetation and animals, especially if the intruders are of an agricultural and pastoral pursuit. The plough, the axe, the herds are enemies to vegetation, and as cultiva- tion advances one representative after the other succumbs to the foreign influence. The herbage suffers first, the native animals second, and even man succumbs, of which many couutries, espe- cially America, have given us examples. But the plough, the axe, the herds are not the sole destroyers of the native herbage. No; with cultivation are introduced noxious weeds of other countries, which if they have taken ground spread with alarming rapidity and become possessors of the ground, growing often more luxuriantly in their new abode. As an examample (sic), I will call your attention only to seven of such noxious intruders in South Australia, viz. :— The so-called dande- lion (Cryptostemma calendulacea, R. Br.), the cockspur (Centauroa melitensis, Lin.), the Scotch thistles (Carduus marianus, Lin., and Onopordon acanthium, Lin.), the Bathurst burr (Xanthium spinosum, Lin.), the French catchfly (Silene gallica, Lin.), and the stinkaster, (Anthemkcotula, Lin.), natives of the Cape and Europe, which already cover large tracks of pasture land, and will extend further and further to the destruction of the native herbage. You will agree with me, especially the squatter, of the seeming failure of the native grasses, and that the feeding properties of our native pastures have seriously declined of late years. Many close observers will have missed already several kinds of herbage, especially annuals or summer grasses, in our neighbouihood, and the representatives of other kinds are becoming less every year. But this is not alone the case with the annual, but also with the perennial herbage. I will only call your attention to the well-known and so useful kangaroo grass (Anthistiria ciliata, Lin., fit), which in the early days of the colony we found everywhere, and formed a great part of the pasture grass. It has now disappeared even from localities which it formally almost monopo- lized. It has been relished so much by the stock that it has been fairly eaten out of the ground, and I fear will soon disappear entirely; and a good many other grasses will follow. But not alone in South Australia, but also in South Africa, vegetation changes are going on through the introduction of sheep. In a paper by Mr. J. Shaw, of South Africa, read the other day by Professor Th. Dyer before the Royal Botanical Society, London, Mr. Shaw re- marks:— "Civilization and sheep have intro- duced the Bathurst burr. In Orange State wool has become so filled with these burrs that its value has been detariorated nearly 50 per cent, and the Government have legis- lated for its compulsory destruction. The sheep in connection with overstocking of farms are doing very serious injury directly to the vegetation by eating down the better and more agreeable plants, giving range to poisonous and bitter ones. Since sheep have been introduced the grasses have very fast disappeared; the ground, by the hurried march of the sheep for food amongst a scattered bush, has become beaten and hardened, and the seasonable rains, which do come occasionally during the summer, are accordingly allowed to run off the surface without soaking in the ground to the extent formerly the case. The grasses and herbage disappear, the country is drying up, and becoming a semi-desert." The author further refers to the great increase of poisonous and bitter herbage, so that it was dangerous to have stock on many farms which formerly were free from any injurious herbs. We see from the above that the South African squatters have the same cause of com- plaint regarding the introduction of noxious and poisonous and the extirpating of the indigenous nutritious plants as the South Australian squatters have. You will ask, "What is the cause of this ?" Nothing is more easily answered — the constant pasturing on the runs throughout the year. The grasses and other herbs are prevented to ensure their reproduction from seed, and as the sheep crop very closely the plants soon succumb, having no chance whatever of their being repro- duced from seed. From this fact and from those relating to the disappearance of choice grasses, it is known that especially the sheep devote their attention to kinds of grasses which they most like and leave the inferior grasses untouched. Most of our better kinds of native grasses have no tendency to form a close turf, and growing mostly tussocky are more easily eaten by the sheep out of the ground and destroyed. The perennial grasses suffer also from the constant trampling upon them by the stock. I saw the other day a letter in one of the volumes of the "Farm and Garden," which will illustrate to you the state in which the native grasses were found here in tbe first days of the colony. The writer of the letter, who signs himself "Mualinga," says:— 'The first sur- veyors coming down to Yankalilla pitched their tents in a fine open valley or plain, where they found the grass so luxuriant and tall that it could be tied over a horse's back. This they mowed and made into hay, and from the circum- stance of the stacks being accidentally burnt they called the place 'Hay Flat' This time?, the writer says further, it has continued to bear un- deservedly up to the present time; although I think it high time for it to be altered to a less pretending one, for its present aspect reminds one no more of the above narrative than does a fairy tale or ghost story of real life. Indeed a modern explorer visiting the spot now would call it rush or stony valley." As I have mentioned before, I fear very few artificial grasses can be grown with profit and advantage on the runs, and so the squatters must be dependent upon the native grasses. The only resource will be to encourage the growth of these. No doubt, if properly culti- vated, native grasses would be the most suitable for pasturage on the runs. Their seeds should be collected, and care should be taken to procure those sorts of which cattle and sheep are fondest, and on which they thrive best. Of such grasses several acres should be sown in well-prepared soil, and fenced in for the sake of procuring annually a quantity of seed, which should be sown on such spots which are deficient of herbage. Those spots should be ploughed and the seed properly sown and harrowed in. No doubt these seeds, sown before the rains set in will grow after- wards without any further trouble. Or the runs should be divided into sub- divisions. Annually one of these divisions should not be grazed, for the purpose of re- placing the pasturage. The grasses should grow unmolested, flower, ripen, and scatter their seeds, so as to ensure their reproduction. Undoubtedly such a system of rotation would be very beneficial, and improve the growth of the pasture materially. I think we know all, and especially the farmer, that to farm profitably grazing should go hand in hand with corn-growing, and that the farmer as well as the squatter will find it advantageous to have a paddock of artificial grasses near his homestead in some suitable and confined spot, for the purpose of keeping stock, which requires to be kept in good condition during the summer months; but to keep such a paddock during this time in a growing condition, I fear some difficulty will be found in South Australia. Even with irrigation we could not expect to produce such a fine turf as that with which we were so familiar at home, and every farmer will agree with me that this is not only raised by manuring and irrigation, but by the humid climate and the mild summer showers that fall at home. But with our dry climate, the ther- mometer ranging frequently from 80° to 100° at this season of summer, I think it improbable that we ever will realize that fine turf which a humid climate will produce. I have found that there are not many kinds of foreign grasses which will stand our arid droughts. My seven years' experience and ex- periments with the acclimatization of grasses from all parts of the globe have, I am sorry to say, not resulted with such favourable success as I should have wished the case to be. I have sown every year 60 or 80 kinds of grasses, which during the winter months have mostly grown luxuriantly, but as soon as the dry weather set in began to suffer and perish. I will give you now the results of my experi- ments, not alone with grasses, but also other fodder plants, and will call to your attention those kinds which for years have stood well the test of our arid climate; and I am confident that they are permanent in their duration, and well worthy a trial, if only a little attention and care are paid to their culture; but it is generally thought that any treatment will do for grasses. With the exception of lucerne I think very little trouble has yet been bestowed on the culture of artificial grasses by the farmer and the squatter, because, as the phrase goes, "they will not pay for the trouble ;" but I think, instead of moralizing on this theme, I will bring facts before you. I shall only dwell at any length on those grasses and fodder plants which from my own practical experience I have found suited to our climate, and which, as before mentioned, most of them I have cultivated for the last seven years is the experimental ground in the Botanic Garden. I must remark at the same time that I have bestowed on them not the slightest care in regard to watering during the summer, only that they have been kept clean from weeds and the soil has been yearly once dug. I will begin with the famous bunch grass of British Columbia (Elymus condensatus, Presl.), of which His Excellency the Governor speaks so highly from his own experience. Before going to the description of this so esteemed grass, I must remark that my atten- tion to this plant was called by an English agricultural paper, the Farmer. I resolved immediately to introduce this grass, and suc- ceeded in receiving from my friend in Edinburgh —Mr. J. Anderson Henry— a little seed, which was sown in a seed-pan. The young seedlings were planted July last in the experimental ground. From the samples before you, you will observe the progress the plants have made. I must observe they have not been watered, and I am glad to assure you that the last week's unusually hot and dry weather has had not the slightest effect on the plants; and I am hopeful that the bunch grass will stand our climate{ and that it will become one of our best artificial grasses. I will read now the interesting extract from the Farmer, to show you how highly the bunch grass is thought of at home, especially in Scot- land:— "Mr. Robert Brown, Collector for the British Columbia Botanical Association of Edinburgh, was enabled in 1863 to send home a supply of seeds of the bunch grass, and thus first intro- duced it into Britain. To most of the members of this Association grass seeds, however, pre- sented little or no attraction, and with the exception of what fell to the shaxe of the Botanic Gardens and J. Anderson Henry, Esq., Hay Lodge, together with a few plants in our own collection, the bunch grass of British Columbia was so utterly neglected that it might have been lost to tbe country, notwithstanding that its merits, both as early forage and an abundantly productive hay grass, are likely yet to secure for it a highly prominent place among the cultivated agricultural plants of Britain. "With us the bunch grass has gone on increasing annually in stature, and although grown in the past dry summer on rather poor unmanured soil, a plant was nearly eight feet three inches in height It surpassed In bulk of crop the grass then growing in the neighbouring famed sewage irrigated meadows of Edinburgh. So that as a highly-productive early-cutting grass it ranks far before any other known kind. "In cultivating the British Columbia bunch grass we would recommend sowing it in drills or beds, allowing it to grow there for at least one season, and then transplanting it in well cleaned land at a distance of 12 to 15 inches apart. The seedlings make but little growth, and never run to seed in the first season. Hoeing or weeding will therefore be required throughout the first summer aud autumn after transplantation, but afterwards the plants will be sufficiently strong to overpower most kinds of weeds, and they will seemingly grow on in full vigour for a long series of years. "Subsequent to our forementioned (sic) notice of this bunch grass, we have received the following particulars regarding it in its native habitat. In a paper on the Flora of Alaska, formerly known as Russian America, Dr. Rothrook states that the high grounds in the vicinity of Fort St. James (lat. 54° 1' N.) afford the bunch grass of the packers. So nutritious is this that even when apparently dead and dry stock will become fat on it, and remain so under hard work for long periods if this be plentifully supplied. "In a recent Californian newspaper a correspon- dent mentions that in the vicinity of the Boise Basin, in Idaho Territory, 'the blue top bunch grass' covers the hills, and is as good as hay, some even considering it as approaching in its nutritive qualities to grain. There may, however, be some doubt whether one of the other bunch grasses, and not the Elymus condensatus, may be that here noticed. But the most recent reliable and important information regarding it is con- tained in the following letter to Mr. Robert Brown, of the British Columbian Botanical Expedition, from a friend who lived for several years in the bunch grass country:— " 'Lyneal, Ellesmere, Sept. 9, 1869. " 'Dear Sir— You ask my opinion of the bunch grass of the central plateau, or table lands of British Columbia— Elymus condensatus, as I believe you botanists call it. After a five years' experience of that country I can bear testimony to the nutritious and fattening properties of this grass, far surpassing, I believe, those of any other known herb. A few facts will abundantly illustrate this. " 'In the early years of the colony, before oats or barley had been imported, this bunch grass was the only (as it is still the principal) food of the trains of mules and horses which, heavily laden with provisions and goods, followed the gold-diggers into the mines, over the roughest possible trails. I have ridden hundreds of miles on horses whose sole support was this bunch grass. Turned loose at sunset, when the camping-ground was reached, to feed, they were found next morning as fresh and gay as ever. Indeed, on such a journey, if not ridden too hard, they would rather gain flesh than lose it. " 'In my Essay on British Columbia, page 40, I have spoken of the marvellous increase of stock in that part of the country— an increase owing, I believe, mainly to the amount of vital energy imparted by this grass. " 'Then, as you are aware, the droves of cattle which supplied beef to the mines of Cariboo, had been , driven 600 miles from Oregon, yet they were in excellent condition on their arrival, owing to the excellent pasturage which refreshed them each night after the journey of the day. " 'Finally, both horses and cattle used to sur- vive winters of great severity ; so long as there was not too much snow for them to push aside, they would subsist on what tufts of bunch grass they could reach. It must have been hard times for them, but they managed to survive. " 'I am rejoiced to hear that the experiment of trying this grass near Edinburgh has suc- ceeded so admirably, and I trust agriculturists may be induced to try on a large scale, as I am convinced farmers and cattle-breeders would soon learn to appreciate its muscle-making and fattening properties. " 'Believe me, Dear Sir, " 'R. C. LUNDIE BROWN, " 'Vicar of Lyneal, Salop.' '' The second grass on my list is the as famous guinea grass— (Panicana maximum, Jacq.)— a native of tropical Africa, from where it has been introduced to South America and the Wes (sic) Indies. His Excellency the Governor on several occasions has spoken highly of this valuable grass, in regard to its nutritious qualities, having become acquainted with it during his stay in the West Indies. My personal observations of a few years' residence in South America confirm His Excellency's experience in every respect I can assure you in Demerara I have seen it attain a height of six to eight fee. One acre of Guinea grass will keep two cows or a horse throughout the year, as it will give under cultivation at least four or five crops a year. I have seen people cutting from one acre every day so much as they wanted for their horse or cows, and when they came to the end of the acre, the first portion out had grown sufficient to cut again, and could be re- peated four or five times throughout the year. It is not to be expected that we could do the same thing here, as the growth in South Aus- tralia can never be compared with that of South America. If it is cut there four or five times a year we can scarcely expect that it can be done more than twice here. I believe the Guinea grass will be a useful paying grass with us, especially in favourable localities; it requires a deep moist soil. According to my five years' observation on the plants in the garden it is capably of enduring during the summer, when it grows most rapidly, a degree of heat and drought which has proved destructive to almost any other kind of grass growing in the experimental ground. But I must remind all who intend to plant and will secure a luxuriant growth of guinea grass, that it must not be thought, as it is gene- rally the case, that any treatment will do for grasses. It must be planted on prepared ground, the plants 18 or 20 inches apart, and the land kept clear from weeds. I will also mention that it will not bear being fed down nor trampled upon by cattle or sheep, but must be cut. The next grass is the well-known prairie grass (Bromus unioleidos, Humboldt), a native of Central America, which I think has been so early as 1858 introduced into the colony. Not withstanding that it has turned out one of the best and nutritious fodder grasses, which is little affected by our dry seasons, it has not received that attention from the farmers which it deserves. I consider the prairie grass one of our best acquisitions of the foreign grasses, and it deserves to take the lead as one of the most permanent and paying. I find there is no grass better suited for green fodder, and none is superior to any grass for haymaking than the prairie grass. It thrives just as well on the plains as in the hills. It surpasses any grass in regard to seed- bearing qualities. Mr. T. Goode, Goolwa, who is an extensive grower of the prairie grass, and who commenced growing it from a few seeds which he received from the Garden, has assured me that he has raised as much as 20 bushels of seed per acre, and he finds it also superior to any grass for haymaking. There is not the slightest doubt, if early sows, say April, about 50 to 60 lbs. seed to the acre, it will five two or three crops. It is one of the most productive grasses during the winter. The result of often mowing is that the plants spread more and grow thicker than if allowed to go to seeding. But there is one fault to be mentioned— it will not bear feeding off. Cattle and sheep are so fond of the grass that they will eat the roots out of the ground, which is facilitated by their peculiar growth. Thus a good many plants are destroyed by the cattle. Notwithstanding I would recommend every farmer to give this valuable grass a fair trial. In confirmation of what I have said of the prairie grass I will read Mr. Goode's letter treating on the subject :— "Goolwa, December 12, 1873. "Dear Sir— As I see by the papers you are about to give a lecture on grasses, and being in receipt of your telegram enquiring about prairie grass, I thought probably a few facts detailing my experience with that grass might be accept- able. If it is of the slightest use to you, I shall be pleased to have rendered ever so slight a return for the many acts of kindness I have re- ceived at your hands, "In the first place I would observe that of all the many seeds 1 have received from you, prairie grass is the only one that has really done well on my sandy soil of the seeds of this grass, which I got from you some years since only few ger- minated; the following year (1868). I had a place in my garden, and 1869 I had a larger one, and some roots outside now have a few bushels of seed again, and intend to plant it properly. I should now state that I am living on a sandy hill, my house has a foundation of 17 feet of sand, and the seed I grow this year was on sand from six to nine feet deep. "If I have an opportunity I will forward you one of the tussocks from which this year's seed has been cut, which, though as coarse as wheat straw, the cattle and horses will eat to the very root, for the sake of the green blade springing up in it. It is now the only green grass I have. I should not have so far lost it, but my manager took it into his head to leave me and go up North in the end of 1871, and my own state of health preventing my looking after my farming, and not meeting with a man capable of managing with farms, accounts for such bad results. In 1870 the man I now have in my employ planted about two acres in a small paddock, from which I got about 40 bushels prime seed from a nice stack of hay. The hay not being thoroughly reaped, I cut it into chaff; and there being go much seed in it, we used it partly as corn to improve other chaff. "I had a fine aftermath coming on ; but hearing such bad accounts of the destructive power of the locusts travelling south, and ex (sic) pecting them to reach me, I turned all my stock (four horses and two cows) in, and grazed it very short. "Consequently in '71 having sold all my good seed I had a very poor crop, and saved no seed, but threw the grass to the cattle, hoping they would carry the seed about the land, but very little of it grew. In '72 1 found my paddock of prairie grass completely smothered with the barley grass, and only saved a few bunches in my garden for seed. "This seed I threw about last spring amongst sown barley, and have had a fine crop in 1873. "From my experience I am convinced it is the best grass I have tried, and even the lucerne has suffered this summer here. "My opinion is it should be managed here much as red clover or Italian rye grass is in England, then I can ma_e (sic) sure of a profitable crop. "I beg to subscribe myself, dear Sir, yours very truly, "THOS. GOODE." For the introduction of the following splendid summer grass we have to thank Mr. H, W. Phillips, North Adelaide. No doubt it is a rival of the prairie grass, and stands our summer better than any other kind. It is also a panic grass (Panicum spectabile, Nees ?). Mr. Phillips has kindly given me the following notes regarding this most valuable grass, which I will now read: — "This grass came up in my garden near the aviary, and no doubt came with the canary seed which I bought from Messrs. Hackett. It is very prolific, seeding abundantly; it also can be propagated from the large couch roots, which run a great distance under ground, any joint of which will grow. The seed should be gathered as it ripened, for it sheds easily. It will grow in the driest places; one plant came up between the wood and cement at the end of the verandah, which is so covered with passion flowers that it never got any water; still it grows notwithstand- ing all the traffic. "The growth is very luxuriant, shooting vigorously about October, and continues to do so until the cold wet weather sets in; it grows three or four feet high, with tall spikes of seed which are very pretty, and the roots are often a yard long, and as large as a little finger. Instead of feeling the late extremely hot weather, I noticed it had grown much during the week. It is very sweet and succulent, and cattle eat it greedily; but it must not be sown in arable land, as it would be difficult to eradicate it. It would be useful on runs, not only for feed, but also for stopping bush fires. If a plough was run across and across the run, and either seed or roots planted, it would form a belt of green no fire would pass; or if eaten down, which it most likely would be, there would be a bare space to stop the fire. A single line would soon spread a yard wide. A seedling will cover a square foot the first year, and the roots can be taken up and planted without any fear of clearing the ground. It will come up quite thickly, every root- let growing. The roots also mat together, so that it is useful to plant to prevent watercourses trading away the soil, for which purpose I have given a large quantity of roots to Mr. Mais for the waterworks. In stony places, if a stone is raised and a joint of root placed under it, it will shoot up all round, and never wants resowing. You will be able to give the best information about time and mode of sowing; if too early the slugs eat it off, and I think it should be pretty deep or the ants and birds eat it ; it will sometimes lay two or three years in the ground. "'I have circulated the seed far and wide. I have distributed more than 1,000 packets; through Mr. Todd it has been seat to every telegraph station between Port Augusta and Port Darwin — a friend going home overland took nearly 100 packets for distribution on the route; another friend who travelled through Western Australia distributed and planted it wherever he went, and I am now sending a parcel to the Cape. I gave half the original plant, when about four years old, to a sheepfarmer; it filled a cornsack, and the man had to make two trips to carry it away. "It does not thrive so well in the hills, for although it will grow it is never so luxuriant as a the warmer plains." The Catstail Grass (Phlenm pretense, Lin).— A native of Europe. Probably bearing this name from the seed panicle, which has some resem- blance to a cat's tail. This is a first-class grass, and one of the best and most valuable of all perennial fodder grasses. It stands our climate well, and seems not particular regarding the soil, as it thrives well in sandy or heavy soils. It is worthy for recommendation, especially for pasture. Oat Grass (Avena elatior, Lin).— Also of European origin. This is an excellent grass. It is nutritious, and seems to prow and produce well on every kind of soil. This valuable grass suffers little from the droughts, and can be recommended as a superior grass for hay. Great recommendation deserve the two Falling Awn grasses — (Piptatherum Thomasii, Knth, and Piptatherum multiflorum Beauv.j The first is a native of Corsica; the second from the southern parts of Europe. Both are first-class grasses, and these kinds are some of my first importations, and have stood their ground well. They bear our climate uncommonly well, and will pay the cultivation, as they are throughout the year in a growing state; and I can recommend them as some of the best of the collection. Cattle are very fond of both. The next grass, called the Millet grass (Milium multiflorum, Cav.), a native of Europe. This grass is also worth the cultivation for summer and winter fodder. It stands our droughts well, and could be also used for hay. The produce of the millet grass is superior to many kinds of grasses. It flourishes, I may say, in every soil if not too poor, and the cattle like it very much. I introduce now to you three other kinds of Panic grasses, namely, Panicum tomentosum, Roxb. ; Panicum Tenenffae, R. Br., a native of the Canary Islands; and Panicum crus galli, Lin. Nearly all the panicum species, of which are known nearly 300 kinds, are nutritious and fattening grasses, and worth the cultivation. They are chiefly tropical and subtropical, and endure the influence of our scorching heat and droughts well. All three are worth the recommendation. Panicum Teneriffae is only an annual or summer grass, but well worth the cultivation, as it thrives well in sandy and poor soil. The following grass is the Pennisetum grass (Pennisetum villosum, R. Br.), a native of Abyssinia. It is not a tall-growing grass, but a capital grass pasture. I bring now to your notice the Fescue grass (Festuca duriuscula, Lin.), of European origin, and well adapted for permanent pasture; it thrives even well on sandy soil, and resists the drought. Cattle are very fond of it. There are some other kinds of fescue grasses, namely, Festuca elaticr and F. ovina, which are all worth the recommendation for rural purposes. The next grass is called Cocksfoot (Dactiluys glommerata, Lin.), a native of Europe. This is also a valuable grass, adapted as well to dry as to moist soils. Its yields of fodder is abun- dant, so also its nutritious qualities. It endures our droughts well. The Buffalo grass (Stenotaphrum glabrum,Jrin.), a native of the warmer countries of America, which I cannot sufficiently recommend. It is a perennial, and every farmer and squatter should not be without some of this valuable grass. It is a creeping grass like the couch or dub grass, and is capable of standing any drought. Its fattening qualities I think are not so great as the before-mentioned grasses ; but the cattle and sheep like it very much. It thrives well on sandy soil, and is easily propagated from cuttings, as every little piece will grow, and after taking root it spreads very rapidly. It is also well adapted for binding river banks or sandy spots. It can advantageously be used for permanent pasture. The buffalo grass is entitled to a general introduction to our pasture. It is also very suitable for garden lawns. Every one who has visited Sydney no doubt has been struck with the fine lawns, especially those of the Botanic Gardens. Since the last two years I have used it also for this pur- pose instead of the couch grass. The buffalo grass keeps its verdant freshness winter and summer— a great contrast regarding the dulness of the colour which the couch grass has during the winter. Notwithstanding, as already mentioned, that in appearance the buffalo grass seems to be coarse, cattle readily feed on it. The Couch grass (Cynodon Dactylon, Pen.) which has been introduced, it is said, from India to Sydney, deserves also mentioning. It pos- sesses all the qualities of the buffalo grass, and I am told that the sheep are very fond of it. I know that the cattle, if they can get on other grass, will not touch it ; but if the green food becomes scarce they relish it also. The squatters would do well to introduce this grass on their runs, as it spreads as rapidly as the buffalo grass. Another grass which I can also recommend highly is a kind of Canary grass (Phalaris Ameri- cana, Elliot). I received the seed from America, with the recommendation of its being a very useful fodder grass. I have had it only two years, but it seems to stand our climate, and promises to be a great acquisition. The Love grass (Eragrostis cylindrica, Steud. ), a native of China, seems to be also a good grass for pasture. The next grass is called the Bent grass (Agrostis capillaris, Iin.); also this is a grass well worth a trial for pasture. The following two kinds of Job's tears (Coix lacrjma, Lin., and Coix exaltata, Jacq.) are worth a trial, especially the last They stand the summer pretty well, and produce abundance of nutritious food. Not to tax your patience too much, I will only mention the names of the following grasses —The Hair grass (Aira caespitosara, Lin.) and the Blue Kentucky grass, which I consider both good for pasture. The Rye grasses (Lolium perenne, Lin., and Lolium Itaheum, A. Br.), although very good grasses for their nutritious powers, seem to maintain their ground with us only one or two years; after the plants die off, consequently they are not well suited for this country, where we require a more permanent pasture. It is also said, when the plants begin seeding, the cattle will not relish the grass, and neglect it. It appears that both kinds of rye grass do not thrive so well with us as is the case in the neighbouring colonies, especially in Victoria. where they are spoken of most highly as good fodder and grazing grasses. All the seeds of the above- mentioned grasses should be sown in May or June in well-prepared ground. I will now go over to the fodder plants, of which I have not many on my list, and begin with the sheep bush of the Cape of Good Hope (Pentzia virgata, Less.), of which His Excellency has given is also such a good account. I re- ceived a small parcel of seed of this valuable shrub in 1869 from Dr. Hooker, Kew Gardens, of which he remarks that the plant is the most valuable sheep fodder for dry climates, and that the sheep at the Cape during the summer depend mostly upon this shrub. What the salt bush is to the South Australian squatter so the sheepbush is to the Cape squatter. I raised about 20 plants, which have done remarkably well, and prove that our climate is well adapted for their growth. It is, as you see, a much branched rigid little bush one or two feet high. The leaves and branches contain an aromatic bitterness, which I understand is liked very much by sheep, which gives the mutton a very fine peculiar flavour. The plant is easily propagated from cuttings, of which every one will grow if planted when the first rains begin to fall. The next two fodder plants are known under the names of Rib grass or Plantain (Plantago major, Lin., and Plantago lanceolata, Lin.), both natives of Europe. No doubt both excellent fodder plants; cattle and sheep are very fond of it. The plants thrive well on every soil all the year through if the season is not too severe. It seems the Rib grass is not generally known, or it would have been more extensively grown. I recommend it as a great acquisition on pasture ground, especially for squatters, on the low lands of their runs, where it would supply a plentiful pasture. If once established it spreads rapidly, which I find in the experimental ground, where the seedling plants spring up everywhere. Another plant for sheep fodder to be re- commended is the small Burnet (Poterium sanguisorba, Lin), a perennial plant, which will grow in every soil, stands our drought, and is readily eaten by the sheep. As it is easy pro- pagated from seeds and suckers the squatter should introduce it on his run. Not much attention, I think, has been paid yet to the different kinds of Clovers, of which I find several do well in the Garden. Melitotus alba, Desz., M. officinalis, Lin,, and M. lupulina, Lam. do well. The clovers are known as nutritious herbs. It is true many kinds of clovers die away in the second year, but the above men- tioned kinds seem to stand longer. I will also mention that clovers thrive best in damp soil, or on clay subsoils, which retain the moisture, were they will spread very rapidly. Lucerne has been extensively cultivated, and therefore I find it not necessary to mention more parti- cularly here. I would mention several other fodder plants which flourish during the winter months, but as during this time the food is abun- dant I think it not necessary to speak further of them. This, your Excellency and gentlemen, are the results of a seven years' trial regarding the capabilities of several foreign grasses and fodder plants in this colony. I prefer not coming earlier before the public with my experience until I had tested their durability. Thinking this period sufficient for such a test, the more so as the plants withstood the severest droughts we have had, I can recommend these grasses with confidence. It depends now on the farmer and squatter to give them a fair trial, and call at the same time to their mind the old saying, and a very true one it is, "that the man who makes two blades of grass grow where one grew before is a public benefactor." One remark more. It is now four years since I read in the same room a paper "On the Influence of Forests on the Climate," in which I pointed out the necessity for laying out forest reserves and planting trees on rail- ways and main roads. The next year a report of mine on the same subject was laid before Parliament. I know my scheme was then criticised and ridiculed. Not minding this, on the contrary I persevered in giving a practical impulse to the scheme, by raising forest trees at the Garden for the purpose of planting roads and railways with. Mr. Mais, the Engineer-in-Chief, actuated by the same desire, and a similar enthusiast in the matter, used the trees for planting around the new and old reservoir and along the railways; so that the Government has since the last three years received 14,967 forest trees for the pur- pose, and for the next planting season my stock amounts to 12,000 more, for the purpose of planting the Burra Railway. Mr. Krichauff, M.P., a well-known enthusiast of planting forest trees, with his laudable energy has now called to life my favourite scheme, and so forest culture will be introduced into this colony, and it is now my sheerest wish that it may be carried out most practically. Should this evening's lecture be also the means of inducing the squatter and farmer to try the growth of artificial grasses, I shall feel gratified beyond my power to express. Your Excellency and gentlemen, accept my best thanks for the patient hearing of this rather long paper, which I fear has rather trespassed too much on your patience; but it is, I believe, unnecessary to assure you I am only actuated by a very sincere desire to benefit our agriculturists ; and I have the hope for the persons concerned and the colony that their labours may he crowned with success; and then, I repeat once more, I shall feel gratified beyond my power to express. 