NEWS BY THE MAIL (Continued.) Lord John Manners, the Postmaster- General, has definitely refused to reduce the price of telegrams to sixpence. The German Jesuits are, it seems, taking refuge in Turkey. Priests belonging for the greater part to the order of St. Lazarus and Jesuit Fathers are, says the Smyrna Bulletin, emigrating to Turkey in large numbers. Mr J. Gowling is now in Cornwall interesting himself in emigration on behalf of South Australia. A communication was read at the Last meeting of the Zoological Society from Dr. T. Schomburgh, Director of the Botanic Gardens, Adelaide, containing an account of the habits of the Australian Coote (Fuleia australis) as observed in the Gardens under his charge. The receipts of the Eastern Extension, Australasia and China Telegraph Com- pany (Limited) for the month of February amounted to £17,706, against £18,085 in the corresponding period of 1873, from the four separate lines, viz., the British Indian Extension, China Submarine, British Australian, and the Victoria and Tasmanian Telegraph. A Boston journalist remarks that there is scarcely a daily paper now in Boston which does not give more space to the pulpit than the theatre, taking one week with another. Prince Leopold, who will soon be of age, is to have an establishment. Mr R. H. Collins is to be his private secretary, and the hon A. G. Yorke, his equerry. There are said to be 134 Freemasons in the two Houses of Parliament, including seven dukes. The experiment of painting the names on streot lamps is about to be tried in Clerkenwell; and at the meeting of the vestry of that parish it was resolved that thiscourse should be adopted in the first instance in the case of fifty street lamps in the neighbourhood of the Angel and St. John-street road. A St Louis paper publishes a letter from Chester, Illinois,. statiug that in Kaskaskia Bottom, a district of 12,000 acres in that state, a very fatal epidemic of trichnia has been raging for several months—" During the fall of last year many places were strewn with dead hogs, great and small, and but few farmers had hogs left to supply the year's demand for meat. It is estimated that not less than from 10,000 to 15,000 head of hogs have died of trichnia in that neighbourhood within the past nine months, and though the disease has in a measure ceased its terrible ravages, it has by no means disappeared. It can scarcely be doubted but that nearly, if not quite, every hog in the region of country spoken of is more or less affected with this loathsome disease." Ill the second chamber of the Swedish Ridgsdag on an address to the King been voted by seventy-one to sixty- four votes, praying that his Majesty would, in the form and under the circumstances he might think fit, make his best efforts to get established a court of arbitration, either permanent or composed for each contingent occasion, to settle rising disputes between the nations. The proposer was a peasant named Jonas Jonasson, and the address was opposed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count Bjornstierna, and by several members of note, but was eventually carried. Good Templarism has increased in England at a rapid rate since its first introduction from the United States. There are now on this side the Atlantic 3719 lodges, the number having more than doubled since the close of the last official year. The total membership is not less than 250,000, which shows an augmentation of 190,000 recruits in two years. The Bock states that three out of five of the Episcopal churches at Folkestone " are already in Ritualistic hands," and adds—"Of course the Congregationalist and Wesleyan chapels are largely resorted to by Protestant Churchmen driven away from their proper fold." Among the numerous London churches doomed to destruction is All Hallows, Bread-street, where John Milton was baptized. From May's British and. Irish Press Guide, we learn that there are now 1090 newspapers issued in the United Kingdom, distributed as follows :—In London, 410 ; England, 910 ; Scotland, 152 ; Ireland, 137 ; Wales, 56 ; and in tlie British Isles, 19. Mr Auberon Herbert has left politics to follow agriculture. He has bought a farm near Lymington, Hants, where he means to reside, and his talk is now of oxen. Khalil Pasha claims to have discovered the means of suppressing polygamy in the East. He proposes a decree to compel the husbands to keep the mothers-in-law of their wives in the same house with their wives. An extension of the Edinburgh University Buildings is contemplated, at an estimated cost of £100,000. A new movement to vaiy the succession of the Turkish throne is being initiated by the Grand Vizier. He has invited the commanders of the different army corps to express their opinions on the popularity of such an alteration. In receiving a deputation of ladies the Pope expressed himself as follows:— " My dear daughters, you cannot be ignorant of the war which is being waged against Catholicism. There is a great Protestant persecutor who has openly declared that he aims at the overthrow of the Church, and not content with that, he is exciting against us even those Governments that are Catholic, who have preceded him in the shameful carousal of religious oppression. He incites them, I say, to increased zeal in carrying out their persecutions, and they make themselves hiE accomplices." Private letters from New York give glowing accounts of the marriage of Miss Grace Field, daughter of Mr Cyrus Field, to Mr Lindley, of that city. Fifteen hundred guests offered their congratulations to tlie bride and bridegroom, and the bridal presents are said to have been of the aggregate value of £100,000, or half a million of dollars. A correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette, who was present at the Chislehurst demonstration last week, says: — "The Prince Imperial is said to have pronounced his speech with much feeling and premature eloquence; one of your contemporaries speaks of his 'graceful elocution' and ' brilliant and amiable accomplishments.' I happened to be present; the Prince Imperial read his speech from a piece of paper he held in his hand, and from this boy of eighteen, who hardly looks his age, there was no attempt whatever at graceful elocution' and ' precocious • eloquence,' for he did nothing but what might have been expected from a lad of his years—that is, he read off his address with little or no accentuation at all. He may be endowed with 'brilliant and amiable qualities,' but until this day I am not aware that he has given thereof any public token, and it would be wiser to wait until he has to describe them. I mention this because the irrepressible popular tendency to daub titled persons ivitli qualities they do not possess does too much harm, and creates legends which often makes a man of genius of a dullard." The United Kingdom Alliance contemplate Bending two gentlemen to the United States to report upon the women's whisky war. The predicted high tide in England became an accomplished fact at many coast towns on March 20, both in the east and west of the island. In the Thames the highest tide which has been seen for very many years occurred on Friday afternoon. The water rose to above four feet above its usual height. The Lambeth district, from Blackfriars to Vauxliall bridges, occupied by small houses, chiefly inhabited by laboring people, suffered the most from the overflow. For upwards of one hour, from three to four o'clock, the water rushed across the wharves, yards, and narrow lanes lining the banks, and speedily flooded the main thoroughfares, such as Commercial-road, Belvedere road, High-street, &c.;, running parallel with the river, to the depth of from three to four feet. The intervening cross streets were rendered impassable for upwards of two hours. The overflow being sudden and unexpected, the amount of damage done is very considerable. The kitchens and cellars of the houses situated within a few hundred yards of the river were filled with muddy water to a depth of several feet. Many old women and children narrowly escaped being drowned. In Princes-square, one woman, who had only been confined in the morning, floated from her bed, clasping her baby in Jier arms. The child was drowned, and when the woman was rescued she was nearly dead. Sir William Grey, formerly Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, has been appointed Governor of Jamaica. The United States Senate has concurred with the House of Representar tares that the limit of the legal tender circulation should be fixed at $400,000,000. A movement appears to be again on foot m France to induce the Comte de Chambord to become a claimant for the French throne. It is announced that i MM. Cazenove de Pradines and Carar- I gon Latour are shortly to visit Frohsdorff for tlie purpose of inducing the Comte to make a last effort in favor of a Monarchical restoration. Lord Rossmore has succumbed to the effects of the injuries occasioned by a fall from his horse while ridin/; in the Grand Militaiy Steeplechases. The young peer, who had not completed Lis 23rd year, died at the Windsor Cavalry Barracks. The Britisii revenue returns for the year, as well as for the quarter ending March 31, show th-t the total income for the financial year was £77,335,657, a nett increase of £720,887 on the figures of the previous year. The items of increase are — excise, £1,387,000 ; stamps, £603,000 ; post-office, £972,000 ; telegraph service, £195,000; miscellaneous, £85,005. On the other hand, there has been a falling off in the Customs to the extent of £694,000 ; land tax and house duty, £13,000 ; income tax, £1,809,000. The revenue for the quarter has been €24,547,064, a nett decrease of £377,020 as compared with the corresponding period of last year. The news from Bengal tells of the untiring efforts of the Government officials —Sir Richard Temple being especially conspicuous for his devotion—to meet the great emergency. They are confronted by enormous difficulties, not the least of which is the crowding of the people by thousands to the relief works, ar.d in some districts the suspension of agricultural operations. There is no lack of food, but the obstacles in the way of distributing it in the remote famine- stricken districts are immense, while in some places the relief works cannot be prosecuted in consequence of the emaciated condition of the people. Sir R. Temple has, however, satisfied himself personally that the area where the famine will be felt most severely, will be more restricted than was at first apprehended, and will be confined to the northern borders of Chumparnn, and Tirhoot. The population thus specially afflicted is under four millions. There is, we fear, too much reason to believe that the mortality of children in Bengal will be very great, notwithstanding tlie far-reaching organisation of the Government. The Supreme Court of Justice in Brazil has sentenced the Bishop of Olinda to four years imprisonment and hard labor. Writing from Kilmorich, a correspon dent of the Dundee Advertiser says that a strange looking being, apparently a ghost, has been seen for some time back every Sunday night walking on the embankments of the Highland Railway between Ballinluig and Guay. The apparition always made its appearance after dark, but little or no notice was taken of it until recently, when a gentleman coming along that part of the line was suddenly struck with the vision beside him of a woman clothed in white. So dumbfounded was the gentleman, and so horror stricken, that ne fell to the ground with fear ; but after a short time he recovered himself and was able to proceed home, which he reached unmolested. Last Sunday night a body of young men, assisted by a powerful dog, set out in pursuit of the ghost. They had only gone a short distance when (according to our correspondent) they suddenly saw the form of a female sitting on the bank. Some of the party were naturally a little put about, but the others had fortuately the presence of mind to stand and challenge the ghostly visitor. All attempts to get the figure to speak proved fruitless. It rose, and with slow and measured strides walked off through the fields towards the forest of Athole. The party followed up closely till near Countlich, when the ghost quickening its steps turned to the left towards a small village called Kindallochan. The pursuers being close behind, the ghost, apparently driven to extremities, betook itself to its heels, and made off as fast as its legs could carry it. The rneu and dog however, were nowise daunted, and kept up a hot pursuit. At last the ghost ran to earth, faced about, threw off its disguise, and to the surprise aud astonishment of the pursuers, they discovered that the object of their pursuit was a harmless old maid residing in the village named. Winding up his graphic description, the correspondent expresses the modest hope that all the old maids of all the villages in Perthshire will remain inside their houses in future, and not cause so much annoyance to those who kippea to be in the neighbourhood of the 'Highland Railway late at nights." So endetE the story of the " Kindallochan ghost." There is, it seems, a man of wonderful memory in Germany, Herr H.-Linde, who can recite all Shakespeare's plays from memory. He recently commenced a series of recitals at Cologne with the " Midsummer Night's Dream." A correspondent at Washington, Ind., writes to Nevada that a society numbering thirty women, mostly girls from eighteen to twenty-five, has been organised to pay a temperance visit to the Pacific coast. Thev will commence their labors at Omaha and stop at every saloon on the -line of the railroad from there to San Francisco Mr Sumner has bequeathed to the President and Fellows of Harvard College 1000 dollars in trust for an annual prize for the best dissertation by any student of the college or any of its schools, undergraduate or graduate, on universal peace, and the methods by which *var may be permanently suspended. He lias written :—"1 do this in the hope of drawing the attention of students to the practicability of organising peace anion." nations, which 1 sincerely believe may be done. 1 cannot doubt that the same modes of decision which now prevail between individuals, between towns, and between smaller communities, may be extended to nations." In an article oil tlie Budget, the Daily NCKS of April 17 says :—"There was, we may remark, a considerable amount of curiosity felt by the House, not only as to what sort of financial propositions Sir Stafford Northcote would bring forward, but as to what sort of Chancellor of the Exchequer he would show himself in his first great Parliamentary display. We must say that the ordeal was, on tlie whole, passed through with success. A style somewhat diffuse as to words and lacking in tire or originality of expression is against Sir Stafford Northcote's claims to be a Parliamentary speaker of a high class. But as the expounder of a Budget he is decidedly above Mr Lowe and far above Mr Ward Hunt. He has, of course, neither Sir G. C. Lewis's admirable variety of argument and illustration, nor Mr Gladstone's dazzling brilliancy, nor Mr Disraeli's bewildering ingenuity. But his Budget speech was clear, fluent, and easily intelligible, and it is therefore entitled to take a creditable place among its predecessors in the second rank of Parliamentary eloquence." 