MR INNES FOR NORTH LAUNceston. It is rumored that if a requisition from the electors of North Launceston were forwarded to Mr Innes, it would receive a favorable reception. It is no use at this crisis sending to Parliament any except those conversant with its forms and proceedings, and of tried and practical experience. To follow a reverse course would be to set up a flimsy and worthless opposition. If Mr Iunes will accept the seat, and will throw himself heart and soul into the questions of the day, there is no man more competent to faithfully represent Launceston in the House of Assembly^ nor one whose independence of action could be more safely relied on. We understand that within the last day or two a requisition has been numerously and influentially signed inviting Mr P. M. Innes to allow himself to be nominated to the vacancy in the repre- sehtation of North Launceston, in the Bouse ot Assembly, caused by the resignation of Mr James Cox. We trust Mr Innes will comply. No doubt he would prefer a return to the more peaceful arena of the Legislative Council, but at this juncture he would be far more useful in the Lower House. He is a politician of . long standing, well versed in parliamentary matters, and of undoubted ability, and therefore the electors of North Launceston will be fortunate in securing the services of such a man. When he bade farewell to political life in Tasmania some time since, with the view of removing to a neighboring colony, we expressed our regret at the loss ot so able a politician, but now that he has decided to remain in Tasmania, every effort should be made to induce him to return to the Legislature. If he complies with the wishes of the electors of North Launceston, there can be no doubt whatever of his triumphant return, for no other candidate would stand the ghost of a chance against him. At the same time he will be a valuable addition to the Opposition. At no time was it more desirable to send in able men to contend against such a tyrannical overbearing Ministry as the country is now cursed with. We class Mr Innes as an Opposition member, because he has nothing in common with the Administration at present in power. On nearly every point he is diametrically opposed to them. He is opposed to the special local rate for the Western Railway; he is opposed to the obnoxious Income Tax, which " if God spares them" the present Ministry intend to propose again next session; he is also, so far as we can gather from his utterances, sVongly opposed to any increase of the public debt. At the same time he is in favor of general rate for railways, for which a majority of Parliament has foolishly made the country responsible, and there can be no question that this is the only satisfactory way of dealiug with the difficulties which have thus -been created. Under him the members of "Her Majesty's Opposition" will rally, and now that he has determined to spend the remainder of his days in this island, there can be little doubt he will throw himself heart and soul into the patriotic work of advancing the interests of the country to the best of his ability. 