fTHEFBPBTU:%f ,M A N A C frfft GENTLEMAN SOLDIER® Telling how one Richard Middleton wastAteh--baoto'hVM:Arhf thfe'cily .he was i in ./for ciiaihgi hards in church during divine service ) being a droll, merry and inmonrous - account Of an odd aflaif -that happened to a private soldier in the 60th regiment of -foot ' The sergeant -commanded his party to the church, and when the parson had ended Jus pray®,- he- took, his -text) and all of them that had a Bible pulled it out to find the text ; but this soldi® had neith® Bible) almanack,- or common prayer- book. He put his hand.-in his pocket and pulled ont a pack of cards, and spread them before him as he rat While the parson was preaching he first kept looking at one card and then at anoth®. The sergeant of the company raw him, and said,- "Richard, put up your cards ; for this is uo place for them." "Nevermind that," said -the soldier, "for you have no business -with me here." When the parson had ended his s®- mon and all was done, the soldiers re paired to the churchyard, and the com manding offic® gave the word of com mand to fall in, which they did. The sergeant of the city took the soldi® pri soner. " Man, you are my prisoner," said the sergeant. " Me)" said the soldi®, " What have I done that I should be yonr prisoner ?" " Yon have played a game of cards in chnrch," said the seigeant. " Said the soldier, " I have not played a game of cards in church ) I only looked at a pack." " No matter for that) you are -my pri soner." "Where most we got" asked the soldier. " You must go before the Mayor," said the seigeant So he took him before the - Mayor, - and when they came to the Mayor's hoose, he was At dinn®. When -he had dined, he came to them - and said, " Well, seigeant) what do you want with ma" " I have brought a soldi® before your Honor for playing at cards in the church." " What ! that soldier i" "Yes." "Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" " Much, sir, I hope." " Well and good ) but if you have not, you shall be punished the worst that ev® man was." "Sir," said the soldier,- "I have been five weeks upon the march, and have hut tittle to subsist on, and am withont eith® Bible, almanack, or common prayer- book, or anything but a pack of cards. I : hope to ratisfy your -Honor ofthe' parity of my intentions. Then the soldi® palled out of his pocket the pack of cards, which he spread before the Mayor, and began with the ace. "When I see the ace," said he, "it puts me in mind there is one God only ) when I see the deuce, it puts me in mind of the Fatha and tbe Son ) when I see tbe tray, it pnts me in mind of the Fath®, Son, and Holy Ghost ; when I aee the four, it puts me in mind of the four Evangelists that preached the Gos pel, viz., Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John ) when I see the five, it puts me in mind of the five wise viigins that trimmed their lamps— there were ten, bat five were foolish)- and -were shut out ; when I see the six, it reminda me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth ; when I see the seven, it pnts me in mind that on the seventh day God rested from all the works he had -created- and made — wherefore the Lord -blessed the seventh day, and hallowed-it)- when I see the eight, it pnts me in mind of the eight righteous -persons who w®e- raved in the ark when God drowned -the world, viz., Noah - and his - wife and his three sons and their wives ) when I aee the nine, I am reminded of :the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Savionr —there were ten, but nine nev® returned God thanks ) when I see .the ten, it pnts me in mind . of ten commandmente that God gave to Moses -on Mount. Sinai on the two tablee of stone." He took the knave and laid it-aside; " When I see the qneen, it pute me in mind of the Queen- of Sheba, who came from the farthermost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of King Solomon, and who was as wise a woman -as he was a man, for she brongfat fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, to show before King Solomon,- for him to tell which were boys and which girls, but be could not until he called for water to- wash themselves : the girls washed np to - their elbows, and the boys only to their wrists, so King Solomon told by -that ) and also, of Queen Eliza beth, to pray for h® ) and when I - see the king, it-puts- me-in -mind -of the- gnsarfilu uf luuimi mud wnbj iiiiiuiifln God Almighty." "Well," said-the Mayor, "you have- given a very good description of all- the- cards-except one, whidh is-lackiiigi" "What is that!" said the soldi®. " The knave," said-the Mayor. "Oh, I can- give -your Honor a good description, of that j -iff yonr. Honor won't be angiy." "No. I will; not)" said-the; Mayor, "if you wilL not tenn me the knave." " Well," said the soldier, ."the greatest knave that I know of-tis 'tile sergeant of the city, who broughtane here." . ' "I don't know," said .the Mayor,. -"that lie is ihe greatest knave, -but i am- Aure he.is the.greatest &Kd;' ... "T ;shtil now show, yonr Hon® how. I use, the . cards asan almanac.!' "You certainly are> a -nlev® fellow," - said the. Mayor, ? but - 1 think 'jou wffl:. have 'a.-.hard .matter to make thatapr; pear.". " Wheal counfihowrnany spots th®e ®einApackof-caid8, )-I find timre are three hundred nd sixty-five ; timreiare so many-days inithe year." "Stop," raid the Mayor ; "that's. a mistake." " I grant it)" said theaoldi®,- -"-bnt-jas - I have nev® yet -Eeen an almanacthat was thoroughly correct in 'all points, it would havefaran .impossible' for nine:. "to' imitate an .almanac exactly— without u mistake)'.' " Your observations are veiy correct)" said the Mayor ; go on." . " When I coonthow many cards there are in a pack ! find there are fifty-two : thereareaomany weeks -in theyw When.I eoant how many tricks there are in -a pack l find.tii®e are thirteen ; -there are so- many months jn the year. So , you see, sir, that this pack of .cards js:a Bible, almanac,' common pjay&d;>3ok, aaS$»ck«&aKibv4;)lljii-«Be)t' ' Then the" Mayof- » loaf of bread off thejable, and save it to the soldier, and said to'Ium,"%iu3 time, soldi®, you may go,, bllt the next timayou go to chnrch, take a Bible) tike other folks, and keep your ovro-tb nse upon - the march. Here is -a loaf 'for you, -for if you subsisted five days marching on a pack of .cards, having neith® Bible, almanac) nor common - pray®-book) -yon must now he hungry.- You -may go." Thus ends the account of the Perpetual Almanac, or Gentleman Holdi®7s Prayer Book. London, 23rd- July, 1-687; To Regulate a Clock in . the Bush. — Get two pieces of copper, tin, or brass, about six inches long and an inch wide. In the middle of these cut a narrow slit about three inches long — the slits to be as narrow as possible to see through) fix these pieces opposite one another, about six inches apart, so as to be able to see through both slits feeing the north or south, in a position not to be readily moved, and watch when any fixed star passes through the slit, and note the time by the clock. Next night, watch the same star pass the slit) and if the time is four minutes earli®, the clock is right ) but if more than font minutes, the clock is going slow ; and if less than four minutes, the clock is going fast. Choose any fixed star that is conspicious enough to be known again ) a fixed star has a twinkling tight) and a planet a steady tight. — Explanation — As the length of sidereal day is 23h. 66m. so consequently a star passes the meridian four minutes earli® every day. Snppose a star passes the slits 9h. 16m. on any night) and the next night it passes at the same time, the clock b gaining; as it ought to pass at 9h; 11m. A woman was married recently in Wayne county, Ind., who has three ex- husbands living in the same town with the husbands elect - As a general beverege, a necessary corrector of water, rendered impure -by vegetable -decomposition or other causes, as limestone, Sulphate of Copper, &c.;, Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps is snp®ior to every oth® alcoholic preparation; Its .parity end exemption from all grossly- intoxicating properties, combined with its mUdly stimulat ing and invigorating elements, establish it as the only alcoholic beverage in our country that can be imbibed with pleasure and safely. The o®vona tornor and debility which follow the admioistratiocs of oth® alcoholic pre parations and mixtures of tbe day, succeeded by their intense and painful nervous reactions, are unknown, aa the subsequent effects of tbe -Schiedam Schnapps, even:.when.:taken too freely, while aa a Stomachic, a Tonic Appetiser, it stands pre-eminent among the established curatives of the day. A pnblic trial of twenty years' duration, in every section of America, of Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, iu unsolicited .endorse ment by the medical faculty, bpA a sale un equalled by any oth® alcoholic distillation, have insured for it the reputation of -purity aod aalobtity claimed for it by - the proprietor - on it original jntroduption to the public. " Berkeley,- Sept. .1869. —Gentlemen; I -feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for tbe great benefit I have derived by taking Norton's Camomile Pills.' ' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley,- for the- -above- named Fills, for wind in the fltomscll, from which ! suffered excruciating pain for a length of time) .having .tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking -two botdes of yonr valuable Fills, I was qnite restored .-to: my nsnal state of heplfb. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus be afflicted. — l am, Sir, yonrs truly, Hekby <rrp«s- — To the Proprietors of NoutOn'S Camomile Pills." 