EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual meeting of the above bocety was held in Pirie-street Lecture Hall on Monday even ing, May 11 ; but owing to the uncertainty of tha weather tha nftonrionr'A was not so larae as on previous occasions. The retiring rresiaant, tno Rev. W. P. Wells (Wesleyan), occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform the Rev^. James Henderson and P. Maclaren (Prasby terianB), J. Jefieris, J. McEwin, and C. B. Symes (Congregationalists), and J. Bickford (Wesleyan). The Chairman said— Among the manysuW jects which have occurred to me as the theme of the brief address I have to-night to deliver, I have selected this— The great want of tho Church, and how to get it supplied ? Tho Church has many wants. For example, sho wants greater spirituality of mind, for there is in her a sad degree of worldliness. She wants greater unity, for we are a longway yet from the true um'ty of Christendom, viz., that union, for which the Master prayed when He asked that they all may be one. Further, she wants greater zeal, for there is far teo much ol Laodicean ease. And yet, again, sho wants greater enthusiasm for Christ We have been taught to wish for more of the enthusiasm of humanity, which would indeed be good; but I am persuaded that greater enthusiasm for Christ— the personal, living, sympathizing, interceding, reigning, sa\ing Jesus Christ would be even better. If I were asked what was the great distinguishing feature of, the early Christians— that which constrainod them to duty, impelled them in enterprise, sustained them in persecution, and led them to victory— I should fay it was their burning Ioto for Jesus; and more of this burning love for Jesus is another of the wants of the Church ia our times. But it is to none of these I rofec when I speak of ' the great want of the Church in this age.' What I do mean is this— a larger measure of the Spirit's influence, a Pontecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is the want of the ministry; this is the want of tho oldorship; this is the want of the members; this U aU good things in one; as is intimated by comparing our Lord's words as given by Matthew with similar words as given by Luke. In Matthew it is— 'If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more sball your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask Him.' But when we turn to Luke it is— 'How much moro sball your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him.' Let tho Church Lave tbis gift of the Spirit— this baptism of tha Holy Ghost — in richer measure, and she will soon reach a higher standard, and wield a mightier power, and win richer success. But how is this want to be supplied? Wo havo only to look at the Church of Jerusalem on tho Day of Pentecost to learn that it must be as the result of earnest, united, and persevering prayer. Their prayer was earnest. They con tinued in prayer and supplication. But fervour in prayer for this blessing can never exist with out a deep and almost overwhelming conviction of the impoitanc9, the value, and tho necessity of the Spirit's influence. Would we l-o con vinced of this, let us look at the Apostbs an they waited for its descent. See them. They have everything they require for their work but tbis one thing. They are an enemy surrounding the citadel they seek to demolish. They havo their swords in their hands, and their banners are wa\ing on high. They havo their caDnon, their balls, their powder, and every, thing ib in order— everything ready. What wait they for ? The fire. One almost wondora that some of them could wait so long. Ona wonders that Peter especially did not commit himself. But the command of the Lord was eo plain they dare not move. And the result justified their oatienco. The tire at length came, and glorious were tho results. Aud, brethren, the world has not changed, Christi' anity has not changed, the Divine administra tion brs not changed. If we would see sinnW results they mvst be accomplished by the same means. Hence our great want is the Uoly Ghost. Never in the history of the world wero there so many enrolled in the Christian army. Never wrs there more of what men would regard as likely to produce magnificent results; and yet how little, comparatively spoaking, :s effecUd, and what is our want? Not the patronage or the subsidies of Governments that some of us think we can do better without ; not beautiful temples; not greater talent and leprring in the ministry of the Church; not greater wealth and influonco in the laity of the Church. These may bo very pood in their place, but they are not our groat want; they are only the ammunition, we want the fire— the Holy Ghost sent down from, Heaven. Fix tbis conviction as with electric power in each of our bosoms; burn into us tb-J thought— that without tbis everything else is useless; and, oh what ardour, what fervour, what wrestling will there be in our prayers for the promised gift. But their prayers were united as well as earnest They continued with on» accord. And if the Church would prevail in her prayers she must be united now. And then their prayers were persevering. They continued in prayer till the blessing came. One great cause of feebleness in prayer is want of faith*' We want to fix it in our minda that all we ask is really promised and available. Let us be assured that Pentecost was not a gala day in the Cuurch to be regardod as honoured with achievements never to be seen again. No, it was as to its' spiritual characteristics a specimen day; aid if the Church had maintained her fidelity, her chronicles would have been filled with such days. Even now, here and there and now and then, such a day is seen to show what we may expoct, and what we aro authorized to ask, and, not withstanding all our shortcomings, there is much in our times to encourage us to expect greater thiDgs than our eyes yet have eeen. Many aro the indications of the 8pii it's readiness to como at the call of the Churcb. Amongst the Jews such a spirit of enquiry prevails in some places as was never known before. Heathenism is beginning to totter to its fall, and is asking for light. Mohammedanism is waning and narrowing our view to our own concrregatioHB in this land. There are scores within thorn who require nothing but a Pentecostal revival to bring them to Christ and to His fold. 0, for. Christian fidelity, m earnest, united, and persevering prayer. Then shall tho Spirit bo poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness shall becomo a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest; then shall the feeblest amongst ua be as David, tho glory of the Lord shall riso upon Israel, her righteousness shall go forth as brightness, and her salvation as a lamp that burneth. Ihe Lord hasten it in his timo. (Applause.) TheLECPETART(Rev. J. McEwin) then road the following report:— In presenting their annual report tho Committee of tbe South Australian Evangelical Alliance have to express their thankfulness that tbe past year has pre sented so few features that have called for tho special work of the Alliance. For the object of this Association is not to plant churches, nor to carry on missions, nor to engage in aggressive work of any kind. Its object is defensive rather than offensive— to foster union and brotherly love amongst the soldiers of tho Cross, and to stand as a guardian of the walls of Zion, to re pair the breaches where they are broken down, and guard against the enoroachments of tho foe. While love abounds, while the walls ara secure, while the foe is inactive, there is littlo work for the Alliance. And this has to some extent been the case during tba past year. A good deal of quiet work, however, has been done. The annual meeting for 1873 was held in the Stow School room on Monday evening, 12th May. Thera was a good attendance. The Rev. J. Jefferu, LL.B., the President, occupied the chair, and gave a short review of the past year, and after the reports for the year had been read and adopted introduced to the meeting the Presi dent elect, Rev. W. P. Wells, who then took the chair, and delivered an interesting address on the duty of Christians to love one another. Rev. F. W. Cox gave an address on the Finan cial Law of Christ's kingdom. Rev. J. Bick ford and Rev. C. B. 8ymes also took Dart in the meeting. On the following Wed nesday, 14th May, an united Communion Semce was held in St. Andrew's Church, which was crowded with communicanta, re presenting many denominations. The President of tke Alliance (Rev. W. P. Wells) presided, and delivered an address on the design of tho Lori's Supper, and the occasion was felt ay many to be more than usually solemn and re freshing. Early in the year the Rer. T. Jaspar jSmytb, CorrespoQdJag BecreUirji having rPj agned in consequence of being suddenly called to England, the Rev. Jolin McEwin, of Hind marsh, was elected to supply the vacancy. The ministers' monthly prayer meeting bag been regularly held, but with a small and fluctuating attendance, varying from two to eight or ten. It is felt that if this meeting is to justify its existence— if it is to be successful and pro fitable—it must receive heartier and more regular support from our ministerial brethren. One only of the ordinary quarterly prayer meetings haa been held— in Chalmers Church ou Novtncber 19. There waa a fair attendance, and the Rev. F. W. Cox delivered an appropriate addrers. It was deemed advisable by your Committee to incorporate the prayer meeting, which should have been held in August, wittfa week of special meetings arranged for 'at that time in connection with the Allianoe. The object of these meetings was to plead for the out pouring of the Holy Spirit upon the Churches. They were held in the various places of wor ihip in the city during the week commencing August IS. Short sermons were preached by the Revs. J. Henderson, F. W. Cor, J. Lyill, | J. Bickford, 0. Lake, and C. B. Symes. The ! services wete well attended, and your Com mittee pray that the seed thus cast upon the waters may be found after many days. The third prayer meeting took the form of a thanks giving service, which was held in Flinders- j street Presbyterian Church on 18th February. I Your Committee also invited the various Evan- I gekcal Churchea throughout the colony to l unite in observing Sunday, 15th February. ! &a; a day of thanksgiving for the bountiful harvest, which waa very generally done. In July last the attention of your Committee was { directed by Mr. John Colton to the abounding ! open immorality in various parts of the city. After discussion it wa3 resolved that a deputa tion from the Alliance wait on the Chief Secre tary on 2L'th August for the purpose of repre senting the matter, and seeking his aid to suppres3 it The deputation, consisting of your Committee, together with several gentlemen who could ?peak from personal knowledge of tho evil complained of, was courteously received by the Chief Secretary, who promised to move tho police to the discharge of their duty. Your Committee hare reason to believe that their action in thU instance has not been without good results. With this brief account of their stewardship, and praying that tho interest felt in this Aliunce and its objects may be deepened and widened, your Committee now replace their trust in jour Lands. Mr. G. W. Cotton', the Treasurer, read tho financial statement, which showed that the receipts had been i!lS 03. 10d., and the expondi- ! ture £15 Sa, but as the year began with a debit I balance of ±9 15s. 7d., the Society now owed to its Treasurer £7 2s. 9d. On the motion of the Rev. J. Bickford, seconded by Mr. J. A. Cuartikb, tho report and balance-skeet were adopted. The Rev. W. P. WfcXLs, in retiring from the Presidency and introducing the Rev. James Henderson as President for the ensuing year, said he felt much pleasure in knowing that tho Society's choice had fallen upon Mr. Henderson, 1 as be was eminently fitted for the position, lie then vacated the chair in favour of his successor, j The Rev. James Henderson, the President 1 elect, said he could have wished that tho choice j had fallen upon one who couid have better ! ?pored the time and attention so neces- | sary to the proper discharge of tha im portant duties attached to tho office, but he would do hia utmost to prove that the charge had not been placed in unwilling hanA-. The past year bad not been specially marked, but as time rolled on the necessity for the Evangelical Alliance was proved. The various members con nected with it were much encouraged and strengthened for their work after their meeting for prayer and discussion, and the Society should be supported by the community for the general good it did. The Rev. C. B. Stmes delivered an address upon 'Sabbath Observance,' urging that the Almighty had intended from the beginning that a seventh day should be set apart as one of rest. He knew His creatures needed a day of rest, when they could be especially susceptible of spiri tual influences and their higher naturei might be cultivated. ' The Sabbath was made for m in, not man for the Sabbath,' was the great j principle, and he looked upon tho day as one j consecrated for man's highest nature — a day on I which he could devote himself to the purest and j beat ^interests of bis mind. During the week j eare was apt to get heavily on meu's hoarts, and i .Sunday came therefore to give rest to the weary, j To those who taxed their bodily powers as wel! i &3 to those who esdured much mental strain the ? day of rest was most acceptable when it give ! purer employment and higher thoughts. The ! idea of rest from toil was one of the must prominent in connection with the Sabbath, but it was not the only idea. It was a day when man, uninfiuanced by the worldly anxieties of the week, codd hold special converse with his Creator, and uni;3 with his family in doing honour to Hia who had made life so pleasant and the earth so beautiful. The Sabbath had been compared by one writer to ' tho best room in the tou.se' — the room where all the choie-jst household treasures wera preserved. As one would keep out of the best room in the house anything that would tend to detile it, so should one be solicitous to keep out of the sweet Sabbath all that might mar its purity and the innocent pleasures attached to its observance. Children should be taught to look upon the Lord's Day as one of unalloyed pleasure and sweet family inter course. It should be made a source of pure joy, and not a day of mere abstinence from week-day employments. He was much pleased with the kind ofliterature now generally placed before children on the Sabbath. It was such as would interest their minis and make them look forward with pleasure to the occasion for reading such writings. Where works of fiction were used t& convey Christian truths, it was, he thought, as right to use them on tho Lord's day as it was to use the Lord's parables. Then tho recrea tions of the Sabbath should not be such as wers confined to one class. It must bo borne in mind that there were many persons whose employment prevented their being able or a week-day to breathe the fresh air of the fields and see God's glorious handiwork. He rejoiced to think that man was not a more money-making machine, and that the curtail ment of the hoars of labour enabled most men to indulge in harmless outdoor recrea tions on all daya of the week. Nature, tho enjoyment of fresh air, and the opportunity of seeing and expatiating upon the divine wisdom of Him who painted the beautiful many-tinted flower, and peopled earth, and air with forms of beauty and interest, would greatly help toward the cultivation of the higher nature if the principles of Sabbath observance wore properly honoured. He did not think that travelling on the Lord's Day should bo altogether condemned, as there were certain classes of the community debarred from that exorcise on week days so necessary to their well being, and many were of necessity compelled to travel^ on Sundays. But he objected to an indiscriminate use of the privilege. The Gleuelg Railway was laykij itself out for excursions on the Lord's Day. There should be some convenience for people on that day to travel if they required it, but where trains were running every Lour on the Sabbath Day very grave apprehensions were excited in his mind as to the harm which must result from such a course. (Hear, hear.) He knew it wa3 very hard to set a restraint upon tho people, but if the principles of Sabbath observance were practiced thtre would be more real enjoyment, end much good would result. Ho advocate! friendly interchange of thought on Sunday, feat he would not wish to see- that day made oua for rfguiai vi-itinij. When frieuds came from » distance it was a rinty to welcome them, a:id join, wuh them in the exercises of the day; but those weereists should not be set aside and ijt'gitctt.i for the sake of general visiting. T 13 Lord's Day thouid s-e a day of rejoicing, an4 1 -t:asfn for c.;uv;uias; the better priuciples if our t.riture, and ha hoped to see all men sa abserve it. TLe Kev. P. Maclahks gave an addrp:a upoL thu reccn: revival iu EHnburgh, ei patiatinz «P' a t{»« rt- aitrkablo evidences of AJmujhiy po*er ihtr^in dLpUyed; and he sat 1 s»-U;f ot the ttt'*t wrttcbad, apathetic, au 1 ecef tuatl mcttjlHrrs of toe cummuuity were so iufiuenctd that taej for-Htk tlwirforin-r cour.- i* and j--iu'i in pro-, iaiwui^ the power of t \\-t tiosi'd. So . xtciiMvu ma the mjveuient beaom. that tlit- large churches of E iinburgh, holdinj many hundreds, were overcrowded, and immense puotic buiidiuga, tuca. as the Cora Exchaoga *rere filled to overflowing by earnest listeners. Be alluded to individual cases where the earnestness and zeal of converts resulted in many other persons being induced to listen te the truths which had proved their salvation. Those things he felt testified that the Almighty was answering prayer, and Le longed to see the work pro gressing in this country. He gave a short sketch of the prominent part taken in the revivals by Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and the extent of its operations in America and else where. The following appointments were made for the easuine year : — President, Rev. James Henderson; Secretary, Rev. John McE win; Trea surer, Mr. G. W. Cotton; Committee, Revs. J. Bickford, W. L. Binks, F. W. Cox, J. Davidson, J. Goodwin, James Jefferis, 0. Lake, Thomas Lloyd, S. Mead, P. Maclaren, J. L. Parsons, G. W. Patchell, C. B.Sjmes, and W. P. Wells, and Messrs. W. C. Buik, J. Colton, J. Darling, A. Gore, J. D. Hill, G. Hance, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, S. McGregor, J. Smith, W. Rhodes, James Steele, James Scott, S. Whitmore, and E. S. Wigg, with power to add to their number. The meeting closed with the doxology. 