MANUFACTURING MANURE. The dry earth process can be applied in a way peculiarly valuable to the farmer and gardener. In this country, poultry are kept by everybody who ovras land, from a road to a run. But how few of us have an idea of the value or quantity of manure that can be made from poultry—I write, of course, from my own knowledge, and open to correction, and as one who, until the agitation about dry earth appeared in the columns of your paper, had been in the habit of scraping out the fowl-house when we had melons or peas to plant, and using the manure for them. The supply taken in this way from forty to fifty fowls I amounts to a barrow-load, or a little more, twice or three times a year. But when we use dry earth, the barrow-loads be come dray-loads—I have a pile just now, as good as guano, as I have every reason to believe, that filled the dray three times. 1 should say it weighs over two tons; and all this has been gathered out of the fowl house from some 50 fowls, IT ducks, and 29 geese, young and old, since August last. It was made in this way: Five loads of dry', good black soil were dumped into an empty stall in the stable during last winter—in June, I believe. This earth is used for various purposes about the house—wherever it is needed, that is the order. It very naturally came into use in the fowl-house, to keep down the am monia that can be smelled at some dis tance from it during wet weather. Next it was found that it was easier to spread a few shovels of earth over the floor of a morning than scrape up the place, as we had been doing all these years. The idea that we were making very rich compost— something very like guano—followed some time after the earth spreading commenced. Then we laid on the earth aB thick as it was necessary to keep the place perfectly dry. The change is something to be sur prised at, and it pleases everybody con cerned with the poultry. Fully one-half of the diy earth has been absorbed there, and in turn it has absorbed everything it came in contact with. The mixture has no smell whatever, and after being broken and chopped with the spade is a greyish powder. We will use it for peas and other garden stuff during winter, and one horse-load goes into the drills with some 2 cwt. of early rose potatoes, that are to be planted, if the rain will allow, during the next fortnight. As I have said, the heap is is over two tons, and is sufficient, if I am any judge, to manure an acre of wheat, barley, or oats.« —Morgan, in the Queenslander. Many persons, says a correspondent of the ' Garden,' are very susceptible to the poi sonous influences of vegetable substances ; and poisou ivy and poison oak are highly injurious to the skin, and produce exces sively painful sores. When the burning and itching first commence, if the skin is painted with a thick whitewash, made out of a handful of unslacked lime dis solved in just enough water to form a substance that will cling to the flesh, these sores will subside very quickly. Often one application is sufficient, but if not, put it on two, three, or more times, until the lime kills the poison entirely. Tf the skin has become broken, however, this remedy may be too severe ; but a salve, made by pouring liquid ammonia into sweet oil, stirring it rapidly until it forms a thick paste, and then applying it on a cloth to the surface, will extract the poi son. For curing the stings of bees, hor nets, and spiders, common fine salt and bicarbonate of soda, in equal parts, is the best remedy. Rub the powder well into the bite, and repeat the application if the pain does not cease. If the soda is not at hand, soft soap, made of wood ashes, will often cure the pain. Saleratus, mois tened to a paste and rubbed into the sting, is also a good remedy. The poison of these insectB is of an acid nature, and an alkali applied directly to it, before the blood has absorbed much of.it, is very efficacious. Imitations of marble are in great de mand for ornamentation, and many diffe rent compounds are used for the purpose. Mr. Pichler, a gilder in "Vienna, from his own experience, recommends the following composition as being simple and satisfac tory :—Into one pound of best joiner's glue, boiled rather thick, half a pound of resin (colophonium) is to be slowly stirred. (Instead of the resin the same quantity of "Venetian turpentine may be used.) Into this plastic mass is worked a mixture of powdered chalk and of any mineral colour of the desired shade, and after the addi tion of a little olive oil it is ready for moulding. It is sometimes convenient to have the material in the shape of thin sheets to be cut as required; and in this case the mass is rolled out upon a slightly heated plate. Mr. Pilchler asserts that this composition hardens rapidly, and can be easily polished. When kept for a length of time it should be wrapped in a moist sheet, and exposed to gentle heat before using. The variegated marble-like veins can also be produced by kneading together differently coloured portions of this mass. A player performing the ghost in Ham let very badly, was hissed ; after bearing it a good while, he put the audience in good humour by stepping forward and saying, " Ladies and gentlemen, I am extremely sorry that my humble endeav ours to please you are unsuccessful; but if you are not satisfied, I must give up the ghost." The house of Urbino, in which Raphael was born in the year 1483, has recently been purchased by Regia Accademia Raf faelo of Urbino, for the sum of 22,704 livres, the contract of sale and purchase being signed in the room in which the great artist was born. The severest punishment for an injury committed is the consciousness of having inflicted it. 