(Ifitcpl Jntclligejixe, The Bcndigo Independent has the following melancholy story : — We regret to have to nar rate a very affecting story, which was last night told to us, and which forcibly exemplifies the adage, that "in the midst of life we are m death." A fine powerful-built young man, named Vincent, residing at Marong, had only been about two years from home. lie was the son of a wealthy resident of Yorkshire, England, and when he left home to better his own per sonal fortunes here he was engaged to a young lady, and hoped shortly to make her his bride. She arrived in the Durham on the last passage of this steamer, and the pair were married on Tuesday last. Mr. Vincent got up yesterday morning at about half-past five, and complained of a sort of shivering which had come over him, and became nearly speechless. He said to his wife that he felt very cold, and pointed in the; direction of Mr. M'Namara's farm, which was not very far from his own holding. The ter rified wife at once set off in search of assistance, and found it in the person of Mr. M'Namara, but he Avas horrified to find when he arrived — having outstripped Mrs. Vincent — that her husband was dead. An atmospheric phenomenon is reported from South Australia. The Observer say " At Long Gully, Broughton, about 6.30 p.m. on October 8, a very bright meteor fell about 150 yards from Mr. Symond's house, on fallow land. Its descent, which was nearly vertical, was like that of an immense ball of fizzing hot iron, emitting myriads of resplendent fiery particles till it came within about 100 yards from the earth, when it exploded. Mr. Symonds adds : — ' It was a grand explosion, shooting out four or five balls of fire of different colours, and as bright as the planet Venus.' " A "nephew of Prince Bismarck is in Melbourne, having been sent out for fighting a duel. He creates a sensation by parading the streets in Uhlan uniform. One of the newspapers men tioning his appearance, said he was one of Blondin's troupe. This, statement he publicly contradicted. The Telegraph, says that, " In wearing his manner in the manner he does, the gallant officer is merely observing the etiquette of the force to which he belongs. The young gentleman greatly distinguished himselfj in the late war." A curious illustration (says the Standard) of the extent to which the directors of the railway may be held responsible for the misconduct of their officials has been lately furnished by a Wis consin court. A few months ago a young lady entered a ticket-office of the Chicago and North Western Railroad at Recdsburg, and purchased a ticket for Baraboo. She is a school teacher, and is described as a good-looking and interesting young lady, "twenty-one years of age. She took her place in the train, but one by one her fellow- passengers in the car got out and she was left alone.. At that moment the conductor entered, and found her interesting and good-looking to that overwhelming extent which makes a catas trophe inert table. Although we are told there was nothing in the lady's manner to'induce such familiarity, the conductor was impelled by fate to kiss her. He was arrested and tried for as sault, being fined 25 dollars by the justice, and was discharged by lie company. He may, there fore, be considered to have paid a fair price for the kiss. But, after all, this was light compared to the luckless company. It was adjudged to be responsible for the wrongful kissing and caressing of its agent, and mulct in the petty sum of 1000 dollars damages. The feeling of the Chicago and North Western Railway Company as it sat in court, and surveyed first the interest ing and good-looking plaintiff whom it had not kissed, and then the o'sculatory conductor who got off with twenty-five dollars, "and then thought of its own 1000 dollars, must have been far from enviable. The lesson to shareholders and directors is a very severe one. Perhaps the best way to avoid a similar difficulty for the future will be to give a free pass to an aged chaperone for every interesting and good-look ing young lady of twenty- one who travels on the line. Some comical misfortunes happen at times (says the Ballarat Star ) to persons visiting Melbourne for the first time, and not the least amusing of such adventures befel an old Scotch farmer, who arrived by train the other evening from the Ballarat district. Leaving the train, he entered an omnibus to go to -Collingwood, and tendered the driver a £10 note to take his three penny fare. Jehu, of course, had no change, and it struck him that the old Scotchman was in geniously trying to do him out of his fare. The old man, however, gave ample proof of his honesty, for he accompanied the driver upon no less than three trips between Melbourne and Collingwood, the driver pulling up at various likely places on the way to enable change to be procured if possible. "Is there no sic thing as change for a ten-poond note in a' Melbourne," desperately asked the old man at an hotel in Bourke-street, where the Boniface is an ex-M.L.A. The last appeal was successful, and the old man was overjoyed when he cashed up and found himself relieved from the. necessity of any further travelling in vindication of his honesty. The Auckland Herald's correspondent in San Francisco says : — " The ministers of the various churches here find it necessary to keep up with the eternal go of the Yankee, who wants every thing ice-cold, or t'other place hot. Thus, their Sunday evening service is simply a lecture on some popular subject. Not long since an Irish man was drubbing the Jesuites (who have very considerable influence here) with so much elec tric force, that his audience caught the enthus iasm, and cheered and cheered lustily and long. And this was in a Presbyterian Church. Nearly all the discourses are advertised under some catch heading as thus : — 'The Young Woman who got the Wrong Husband,' 'vliilst another reads, ' The Soul's Dress.' Upon the 6ame day, or even ing rather, an eloquent discourse was delivered upon " The Young Man who did not Amount to Much.' Another takes up ' The Modest News paper,' and lays down his notions of journalism. Dr. Scott goes for tire cremationist, in a sermon headed 'Shall We Burn or Bury our Dead?' Another divine advises ' A New Way to Hell.' We had a notion here that Americans had ex hausted that subject. It appears not. A ladies' cricket match has been played in Buck, England, between two elevens. The ladies in one innings scored 115 against 86 of their opponents' two innings ; one lady contri butes 6.1 rr , The Jewish lad, Mortara, whose capture by the Papal authorities was once a subject of dis cussion for the whole of Europe, has since Jhen become a young man and a monk of the Augus tine order, and has lately preached his first ser mon. From 1858 (when Mortara was torn away from his family) till October, 1870, he remained ahvays at Rome. The Papal Government had him carefully brought up, and appointed him Avhile still young, Canon of the Lateran. Up till 1867 he had not the slightest intercourse Avith his family. After the battle of Mentana his father (avIio hoped soon to be ordered to Rome) entered into correspondence Avith him, Avhich the Papal authorities graciously alloAved. The let ters of the young man displayed culture, and closed ahvays with the demand that his family should become converts to Christianity. These letters Avere, hoAvever, of course ahvays read by his superiors before being posted. After the Italian troops had taken possession of Rome his father repaired thither in order to fetch his son. But 12 years of priestly training had exerted their influence upon him. He Avould not see his father. Old Mortara applied to the Gavernment and begged La Marmora for help. The general gave him pleasant ansAvers, but found it advis able not to interfere, and that out of respect for the clericals, who Avere not to be exasperated. Soon after the young Mortara wrote from Bo- lbungto his parents, telling them that he was firmly attached to the Catholic religion, and could not recognise them. He then Avent to Belgium, and La Marmora Avas glad to be thus relieA'ed of tliis troublesome matter. In Belgium the young Mortara perfected himself in French and entered the Augustinian order. His first sermon has given great satisfaction, and on the occasion he sent a letter to Pius IX. expressing his gratitude, Avhich is said to have given extraordinary pleasure to the old Pope. The fortune of the late Baron Anselm de Rothschild is estimated, according to Galignani, at more than a thousand millions of francs, equal to £40,000,000 sterling. A twenty-five ton " Woohvich infant " gun, intended for the armament of a fort at Queens- town, while being conveyed betAveen two barges from HaulboAvline to Carlyle fort, slipped from the haAvsers, and fell into the harbour, a depth of thirty-six feet. It is intended to try to raise it by means of air vessels. Bird, the pedestrian, and two publicans, have been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, for conspiracy to defraud by a sham foot race. Among some books and MSS. shortly to be sold at the rooms of Messrs. Sotheby, Wilkinson, and Hodge, is a rolled manuscript of the HebreAV Pentateuch, acquired a feAv years ago from a synagogue in Palaetine. This manuscript Avas written in the twelfth century on sixty skins of leather, aud measures 420 feet in length by 2 feet 2 inches in breadth. The earth is inhabited by one billion three hundred and eighty-one million human beings. These are divided according to race, as folloAvs : — Caucasian race, three hundred and eighty mil lion ; Mongolian race, five hundred and eighty million ; Ethiopian race, two hundred million ; Malay race, tAvo hundred and twenty- million ; Redskins, one hundred million ; total, one bil lion three hundred and eighty-one million. The rate of mortality is thirtj7 -three million three hundred and thirty-three thousand three-hundred and thirty-three every year, ninety-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four every day, three thousand seven hundred and thirty every hour, sixty every minute, one every second. The average duration of life is thirty-three years. One-fourth of the population dies before the seA7entli year, one-half before the seA'enteenth. Only one in ten thousand reaches the one hundredth ; only one in the five hundred the sixty-fifth year. Married people live longer than unmarried ones, tall personB longer than short ones. Onlj sixty-fiA'e in one hundred con tract marriage. Only the eighth part of the population is fit to bear arms. One hundred years ago France Avas the most populous empire in Europe. At that time Russia had seventeen millions of inhabitants ; Austria, eighteen mil lions ; Germany, fifteen millions ; France, twenty-four millions. Noay, the population of Russia is seA'enty-four millions ; of Germany, forty-one millions ; of Austria and Hungary, thirty-six millions ; of France, thirty-six mil lions ; and, of Great Britain and Ireland, thirty-- tA\ro millions. Tiie French correspondent of the Times re lates the following story with reference to a re ception giA'en by Prince Bismarck in Berlin a short time since to a Saxon military band, Avhich had given a private performance before the Prince : — The Prince shoAved them over, his house, and pointing to a desk in the Princess's room, told them his Avife, as they might observe, kept the cash. He had from the beginning en trusted her Avith the charge of his money affairs, Avhile be attended to politics, and he would ad: vice every married man to do the same, taking no more than his a\\-ife gave him. DraAving a table out of a corner he said, " At this table M. Thiers, M. Favre, and I played a dummy game at Avhist. That dummy Avas Avon partly OAving to you Saxons, for if all had not been so brave I should have held no trumps in my hand. When. Ave began to negotiate, the gentlemen Avould not understand my French because I demanded too much. Thereupon I spoke. German to them, and that they would not at first properly under stand ; but at last Ave agreed. They conceded eAerything, and Avhen they had signed their names to it I again spoke French Avith them. Had we been united 200 years ago. Ave need not haA'e been tyrannised OA'erby the French; but noAv, thank God, Ave are united, and I hope we shall remain so. If they once more require it, Ave shall again give them a fall." Alluding to the Avar of 1866, the Prince said he had ahvays respected the Saxons, for they above all had the courage to stand fire against Prussia Avhen all the others had lost their heads. You must see, he -said, that it could net be helped. We were forced to find out Avhich of us Avarriors Avere the strongest." After seA-enteen years the murderer of CaAvn- pore has at length been captured, so Ave ( Herald ) are informed by a telegram from Calcutta. It Avas generally supposed that .Nana Sahib Avas dead, and his name Avas only mentioned with detestation. It Avas on the breaking out of the Sepoy revolt in 1857, the English residents were placed in tho greatest peril. The efforts to ob tain reinforcements failed, and the 2nd regiment of native cavalry reA'olted on June 5th. Their example was speedily folloAved by the natiA-e infantry. The English, their wives and children,- with native serATants, amounting to nearly 900 persons, were besieged within a narroAv entrench ment, by the rebel soldiers commanded by Nana Sabib. They defended themselves heroically against oa'erAvhelming numbers. Death, Iioaa- ever rapidly thinned their ranks, and on June 24th, Nana Sahib sent- a message, to Sir Hugh Wheeler, offering to alloAV the English to pro ceed unmolested to Allahabad, provided they1 gave up the public treasure, the guns, and am munition. A contract to this effect Avas signed on the folloAving day, and on the 27th, the rem nant of the 900 besieged at CaAvnpore embarked in boats prepared to convey them to Allahabad. No sooner, hoAveA'er, had they quilted the shore, than the treacherous sepoys opened fire upon them, foil OAving them along "the banks in order to ensure their destruction. The boats were sunk, many of the men killed, and the survivurs with the Avoman and children, carried hack to CaAvnpore. Other prisoners, male and female, were brought in, and all Avho suivived were barbarously slaughtered on the 15th of July. Havelock defeated Nana Sahib near CaAvnpore, on July 16th, and entered the toAvn on the fol- loAving day, Avhen the horrors that bad been en acted there became knoAvn. The Murrurundi Times says : — " Another fear ful calamity has occurred atChilcott's Creek. At that place lived the wife and family of a man ' named Upton, who is employed at a distance from his home, necessitating his absence on the occasion in question. The house occupied by the family Avas a simple little construc tion built and roofed Avith bark and lined Avith. calico. On Friday, 23rd inst., near 1 o'clock a.m., a neighbour who first saAv the flames, issu ing from the house, ran to the spot to render any assistance which could be green, when the eldest boy rushed out from the burning hut, quickly folloAved by his mother and the other two child ren. The unfortunate family had slept soundly until the fire reached them, when th ey awoke to find themselves surrounded by the flames. In the effort to open the door and effect their es cape all Avere more or less burned. The eldest boy, five years of age, was so dreadfully injured that little hope of his recoA'ery is entertained ; and Avhen we receiAred our information, consci ousness, AA'hich left him shortly after the occur rence, had not been restored. The Avhole of his face, both arms, and much of his body have been sadly burned. The mother and the second child are also great sufferers, the infant escaping with the least damage though its forehead and one arm had been partially burned. Dr. Knowles has been in attendance upon the afflicted ones, Avbo have all the sympathy and care which the neighbourhood can supply for the alleviation of their misfortune. The origin of the fire has not yet been ascertained, but the inflammable nature of the materials of aa'hich the house Avas built render such an occurrence easily possible aa'her- ever domestic duties are performed, and in these we suspect the occasion of the sad event Avill he found. Since the above Avas in type we have learned that the eldest boy regained his senses, but the injuries he receiA'ed were so gre.at that- he gradually sank under their influence, and died on Thursday morning. A Melbourne paper adA'ises us of a "little game " aa'hich Ave may expect in time to see in troduced into this colony, and concerning aa'hich it may be no harm for our Bonifaces to get a hint beforehand. It is called the "one-pound note- fake," and is usually Avorked by three chevaliers d-industrie. One enters a tavern, and calling for - a drink, pays for it with a one-pound note, on the back of AA'hich is stamped the name .of some manufacturing or commercial firm. He receiA'es his change, and departs. It is a hundred to one Avhether the barman or maid perceives this en dorsement, and presently two confederates enter, and call for their drinks, taking care that the bar is pretty full at the time, so that the bar tender's attention is distracted. Remaining a feAv moments, one scamp says to the other, " Well, come on." " Wait till I get my change," ansAvers the other. " Change !" cries the bar maid, "You haA'en't paid me at all." "Non sense," ejaculates the SAA'indler, " I gaA'e you a pound note. Look in the till. I saAv you put it- there. I can SAvear to the note, because the stamp of the firm by whom I'm employed is on the back," and be expresses considerable indig nation. The till is searched, and the note is dis- coA'ered. It is of no use arguing over the matter in the face of this conA'incing evidence ; and so the change is handed oa'er to the rascal, Avho, with his comrade, goes on his Avay rejoicing to perpetrate more SAvindles of the kind. Public ans will do Avell to inspect the backs of the notes they recei\e from their customers. Referring to the funeral reform movement a Melbourne journal says: — Opinions differ on on all points saA-e one, namely, that black is the a'ory colour which citizens in semi-tropical Aus tralia should not aa'ear, and it really seems hard that because lost ones go to heaven our Avorld should be turned into a purgatory for the adult surAnvors. and something of a slaughterhouse for the little ones. Every writer on health urges our population to array themseh'es in aa'hite ; and white, it may be remarked, is the colour selected' by the Chinese for their mourning, because the colour is the emblem of hope and of purity. In Egypt, ,ye11w is the national. garb- of Avoe, be cause the leaA'es are yelloAv Avhen they fall. Some Eastern nations, more happily still, adopt blue, because the colour of the heaA'ens expresses the happiness Avhich they belieA-e the dead are enjoying.- The Royal House of France mourn in a'iolet or purple — that is, a mixture of black and blue, and thus endeaA-our to depict their mingled feelings. White, yell oav, blue, or violet arc one and all more economical in Avear than black, and less likely to add to the number of the buried. ' . The Border Post relates that early on Wednes day morning, the 20th instant, a hungry looking mongrel, of a thievish turn of mind, in one of his foraging excursions, grabbed a flybloAAii shoulder of mutton, and was making doAvn the " street, eA'idently bent on seeking a cool retreat- on tlie banks of the Murray, in order to devour his prize at- leisure. Alas! for canine calcula tion, the plunderer Avas espied by an aged son of the FloAvery Land Avhose palate Avatered at the sight of the delicacy; A chase ensued betAveen the "dog and the Pagan, which afforded con siderable sport to a couple of larrikin- bystanders. On reaching the spot opposite the Chinese camp, - four more celestials joined in the chase, and the dog was reinforced by a half a dozen more curs. Tim yelping of the curs, the chattering of the Pagans, "and the roars of the larrikins created such a roAv as to alarm the neighbourhood. Even a swagman.. who Avas-slceping off a d - bauch near Hume's monument, Avas, disturbed in his slumbers, and repaired to the scene. The SAvagman instinctively, it appeared, realised the position, for after unburdening himself of a feAv select oaths, signified his determination of seeing fair play done, to use his own phraseology to the "b — — — dog;" Hini Quong, who was looked iipon by his countrymen as a pugilist of no mean calibre, shoAved fight, and after pome sparring and bard, bitting, put the blustering SAvagman hors de combat. In fact the sundowner 7 found to his sorrow that he caught a Tartar, and ' his potA'aliancy quickly vanquished. To the credit of the larrikins, be it recorded, they inter posed in time to prevent bloodshed.. During the fray a strange bully scampered off .with- the mutton. - This is the story a Tetter from Jamestown, Russell County, Ky., tells:— "A few days ago : tAvo Messrs. Pierce, who Ih'ed in Long Bottom, discovered something in the cloudless sky, just under the sun, that very much resembled a man. They immediately wont to their own or a neigh bour's house and told what they had seen. Pretty soon, after, howeA-er, others went forth to make obsecrations, but instead 'of seeing the man who bad been recognised by the others, they plainly discovered two women emerging from the sky, one from left and the other from the right of the sun. They gradually came together just under the centre of the sun until they Avere in the embrace of each other, at which moment a large eagle cqme forth and sailed round the Avomen for fifteen minutes, and at length rested on their heads, and remained there for some time. The same evening a Mr. Davis, Avho lives. tAvo miles from the Pierces, saAv the same sights at the same time of day. Mr. DaA'is and the Pierces are reliable gentle men, hoAvever strange their discovery ' may appear." The Herald's Parkes correspondent Avrites :— A singular case of loss and recovery occurred here on Saturday last. A shearer came into one of the stores to purchase some goods, and after doing so, Avent aAA'ay. He soon returned, hoAv- eA'er, in a state of great excitement, stating that he had left his pocket-book on the counter, but did not reveal the amount of its contents. The book could not be found, and the poor felloAv left the shop in despair, and Avas crossing the road when he espied the book standing on its end in the roadAvay. He made one snatch at it-, peeped into it, and then smiled a "kind of sickly smile." It had £50 in it, and it Avas all there. The medical fraternity will be interested by the following interesting case at the NeAv York Park Hospital : — John Deeney, a laborer, aged about 30, had fallen off the front of a street-car, and the wheels passed oa'er his feet and a portion of one of his legs. Dr. Early placed round both of his thighs an elastic bandage, tAvo inches in breadth and about eight feet long, Avhich, on account of the compressed fashion in Avhich it was bound, stopped the circulation of blood. To make assurance doubly sure a rubber cord, about a third of an inch thick, was bound round aboAe the top of the bandage, which completely stopped the circulation. Dr. Flulirer amputated both feet and a portion of the left leg. Not a drop of blood was lost Avith the operation of the right leg, but a feAv drops Avere lost from the left foot. The footless legs Avere then placed in Dr. Fluhrer's neAv suspension apparatus, and the wounds are left to nature's care, and no application or .. jdresdng-whateyejs. made to the stumps. Dr. Flulirer states that the patient Avill be able to Avalk on the stump of the right foot, to Avhich a portion of the heel has been left attached to act as a pad ; and on the left leg a cork foot will be requisite. The patient at the Park Hospital is a'isitcd by a large number of medical men. Tiie public haA'e long been familiar aa'ith ad vertising doctors, but solicitors have not yet made a rule of adopting that mode of obtaining publicity. Mr. Hoskins, a gentleman Avho Avas once knoAvn as the Napoleon of the' Australian turf, lias taken the bull by the horns, and pub lished in the neAvspapers his fees for every de scription of legal proceedings. I learn that a man may indulge in the luxury of insolvency for £6 18s., but if he he so imprudent as to luree more than £100 Avorth of assets he lias to pay £2 more. A mortgage, according to the old law, costs £4 4s., . but if the estate has been placed under the Land Transfer Statute the cost is £2 2s. less — a tolerably convincing proof of the great advantages of the new system. I Avish that other laAvyers would folloAV the example of Mr. Hoskins, and advertise their prices. If people knev Avhat a lawsuit Avas likely to corf them, there would be a great deal less litigation. — " Attieus," in the Leader. A haunted shoe is the last novelty in ghost seeing circles. The New York Herald relates a thrilling adA-enture Avhich befel a young lawyer on his return to his lodgings one night, after a rather comrvial evening. He had scarcely retired to rest, Avhen he Avas startled By a loud noise in the room resembling the sound of squeaking music. He got up, relit the lamp," and after looking around the room for some time to discover the whereabout of the noise, found that it proceeded from one of the shoes he had just- : laid aside. Takingitup,helooked inside theshoe, and discovered nothing ; he then beat it against the Avail, and examined it thoroughly for seA'eral minutes, and finally pulled the mouth of the gaiter over the lamp chimney, and turned the lamp up till the elastic in the gaiter Avas utterly ruined ; but still the strange sounds kept oh, sometimes in the toe and sometimes at the heel. After satisfying himself that there Avas nothing in the shoe but the singular sound, and nobody in the room but himself, the young man gave up in despair, and sat for half an hour listening to the .mournful . sound, till the; entrance of some one from the street, attracted by the unusual noise proceeding from the building, broke the charm. An exhibition of a fire-resisting dress took place in the Friendly Societies' Gardens (says a Melbourne journal) lately, when M. Victor Becker went through his performances in the interior of a blazing hut or shanty. The apparatus, Avhich is the iireention of M. Becker, is designed for the purpose of enabling firemen to pass into the in terior of a burning house for the purpose of saA-- ing life or valuable property, also for enabling firemen to occupy a position exposed to the flames aa'hen extinguishing a Jburning building. The dress is. composed of leather, over aa'hich pieces of "sponge are thickly scaa-ii Avith copper Avire. When donned, it bears a considerable re semblance to the dress used by divers. A sinali but, composed of dry faggots on an iron frame, was erected in the gardens, Avhicii Avhen tho roughly on fire gaA'e out a a'ery great heat. Into this M. Becker Avent, and Avalked about amidst the flames, but seldom stayed longer than a minute and a half. Only on one occasion did he stay Iavo minutes. He half cooked qime chops, and brought out of the fire an iron A'cssol that had been alloAved to get very hot, but he con stantly came out, and seemed very glad of a breath of cool air, Avhich he obtained by opening a small oblong square of glass placed on tho front of the head piece for the purpose of seeing through. The patent consists in the solution with which the sponge on the .outside of the leather dress is thoroughly saturated. M. Becker states that he has used this dress at many fires in France, -and- that the principle has been adopted, bythe French Government, and | has? been isi&rt; with:<fijifeqh?R -hv ifirmnqn. 