A. startling article appeared in the Age of Saturday last, with respect to <h<! progress of settlement upon thn lands in Victoria. It is but repeating trite and stale information to say that the policy of successive administrations ever since the destiny of Victoria began definitely to shape itself, has been the settlement of the people upon the lands. To possess land has been reco^nisned by euooesfiive Governments as absolutely a craze on the pait of tbe people, and hence violent efforts have continually been made to give to each an acreage sufficient for his wants. Il has been hoped, and believed, that " smiling hemes" will spring up on sveiy side, and that a bold peasantry" will form their country'« pride and boast. Where, however, has been the suocess of these efforts to raise a landed democracy, which shall be the sure pledge and bulwark of progress and prosperity ? If we can trust the Age, they have at least, iu one seetion of the country miserably failed. The influences have been too powerful against them, and wealth and prostituted legislative power bave thwarted them. W« are, in fact, laying the foundation for the superstructure of miser; and pauperism (bat the mother coun'.ry is now reaping fiom her landlord system. In England there are but 30,766 land owners—onu half of tbe country being ownsd by ISO persons. In Scotland 19| millions of acres are owned by twelve persons. England at one time, how- ever, according to Chancellor Fortescue was noted throughout Europe for the number ot her freeholders, and for the general prosperity of her inhabitants. " The country," he telle us.—rour authority for (be quotation being the Wettmintler Beoietv—was then BO filled and replenished with landed men, that therein eo email a little hamlet cannot be found where dwelleth not a knight, an fesquire, or such a householder as is there . called a Frankiib, enriched with great poisensions, -Bnd; also other freeholders and other yeomen. After this munner are none othw realms of this world disposed and inha-: -iHted: Fer thoagh ihere ie : io thfim meo «f y«t they dwell not aigh tt) one another as snctrgreat nen do iu- JSngiand; neither bo mabf inheritors and jiossessors of ia&d; are elsewhere** Ip England." The dnys when holdings were email were daye of comfort ; the .cliBBge włućh hu raduced the number of iiDlderssf Jai^^ojtbe jtnconiitdBrable, fj^ore < : Bocial^rwperity"^ has faronght KboDta tBoędition of things iniinua^ danger feltoiii&iH;^ jnarohy itself not being safe eren; jet with history teaching us so claar a lesson of the example of England, we are directly allowing the same evils to grow up here. Not deliberately and passively it is true, bul etil by the lack óT wisdom in allowing the rule if tbe selfish few to be eo latitudinarian and free. On all bands, and in all years, despite of all that has been done by Ministers iand Parliaments to secure homes for the people so as to encourage industry and lurnisb comfort to the masses not bom in the purple, the Und has been falling into the grasp of the rich and selfish. It ajip^ars, from what our contemporary tells us, his assertion beinp based on authentic statistics, that in the five counties in the Western District, which contain the greatest aggregate of fertile soil, one bundled and twenty individuals have seemed to themselves, in areas of over 5,000 acres, the ownership of2,428,080 acres, out of a total area of 3,321,510 acres, leaving for cultivators of smaller holdings only 893,430 wres. These figures are startling enough in all conscience. Gradually we are reproducing conditions of old world civilization, and our follies will unquestionably come home to rooet in the shape of an advance in pauperiem'and crime, and a heavy burden of taxation. But we do not stop at the figures 'pvSrSSofreT" D^bydgęfbyśJte of thesystem of dummyism, the land is falling into the hands of the same class of wealthy plutocrats, and, apparently, tbe law is powerless to stop the injustice that is being perpetuated by the robbery of the people's heritage, lbs worst of is too, is that reform is a difficulty. With the lords of the suii in absolute possession of one Chamber how cau the laud be d«alt with as it is the right of the people it should be dualt wi'h. The Council will not have a radical letorm at any price; and yet a radical reform must be brought about if the country is not to be impoverished by taxation, and the possession of a part of the soil become as difficult as in Eng'and The outcome of this question, as of nine tenths of the puzzling difficulties that afflici us, is reform of the Upper House. Without that nothing can be done. As it appears more than likely that the supplementary electoral rolls will be issued tor the third batch of elections, we earnestly advisu everyone not yet enrolled to take out their elector's rights by Saturday next, the last day for the purpose. Between eleven and twelve o'clock last night a strong glare was visible from the direction of the Junction Hotel on the Malmsbury road, betokening a somewhat extensive fire. On riding out we found that a serious conflagration had taken place at the Harvest Home Hotel, kept by Mr Ferris, and well-known to travellers on the road, being at the time a smouldering mass of ruins. It appears that shortly before the hour first- named Mr Ferris, his wife, and five children—three of whom slept in one room, and two in another—went to bed, and before many minutes hail elapsed Mrs Ferris was awakened by a noise from the direction of a public sitting room. It was found by Mr Ferris that the premises were on fire, and he at once made efforts to save his children, fortunately with success. The flames got such a speedy mastery of the building that nothing further could be rescued, saving a deed box, containing papers of value, which were brought out by a young man who was in the locality and Mr Dodd, a neighbor. In a very little time the whole premises were burnt to the ground. Nothing was saved so far as furniture and effects may be reckoned, although it is possible that a sum of £4 bid in the piUow of the bed may yet be found, as the bed was rescued from the flames. Mr Ferris estimates his loss at about L500, and is not certain whether his insurance policy (which he has kept going for 13 years) iś still in date. The origin of the fire is not known, but the hypothesis of those on the premises is that the wind blew some sparks from the fireplace in tbe sitting-room, where a fire was left burning, which ignited the promises. We may mention, to the credit of the police, that Constable Shanaliai^ who first noticed the fire from High-street, was on the spot in remarkably quick time. At the Black Hill Eaces yesterday small knotB of persons were to be seen in all directions discussing the political situation. Mr William Thomson am Mr John Dnffy were very busy canvassing the electors. Each gentleman was continuously surrounded by a small knot of admirers. The general opinion expressed in reference to the Dalhousie election was that it would be a very sharp contest. A further operation was performed by Dr. Smith on Tuesday, on the son of Constable Kennedy, of Redesdale, afflicted with hydatids. Over seven quartz of matter were taken from the lad who bore the operation patiently and heroically. The lad is expected to recover. At St. Andrew's Church, last night, a Mission meeting took place, at which various addresses were delivered, mainly on the subject of missionary work. The attendance was not very numerous. The Black Hill Races took place yesterday and were well attended. A report of the proceedings will appear in our next. Mr De Saxe, dentist, of Ballarat, will pay his usual professional visit to Kyneton, on Saturday next. A sale of gifts in connection wqh the Baptist Church took place at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday night. The attendance from two o'clock (the hour of opening) until the close soon after ten o'clock, was numerous, and a good business seemed to be done by the young ladies who bad charge of the stalls. A number of petty robberies have recently occurred at Kyneton. Amongst other places Messrs Wedgwood's and Cashman's hotels were bespoiied of trivial articles by the snappers up of unconsidered trifles who Aatolycus-like have been " lying round loose" to see upon what they could lay their dishonest hands. Mr Eugene Gregory announces his acceptance of the challenge of Mr F. C. Parker, to nm a 200 yards race for £5. The date of the race is to be Some person has/sent os a copy of the Progressive Spiritualist, a weekly journal devoted to the exposition of Spiritualism, edited by John Tycrman. We read one article until we came to the declaration that "We have not yet completely shook off the trammels of the past in anything," whereat we Vc&ookoff;" all idea of spending further time in r«ading up progressive Spiritualism. We give in another-column an account from the Bendigo Advertiser of the etarting of the Malmsbury Stone Sawing Company's Works. Our readers may be surprised ^ at the fact that our ac count is taken from'a Sandhurst paper. We may ' jstate in explanation that the policy of the manager *of the company appears to be to avoid publicity with respect to the affairs of the company so far as the local papers are concerned. It is not long since -tiie meeting of shareholders in the company was held -.without intimation being furnished to the \- Presi. tor.'reporte furnished; nana «n the. occasion of the starting of the works no reporters from Kyneton were invited to'bepresent or informed of the intention to bring the works into operation. It matters little to a newspaper as to whether it is ignored in such matters, bat the shareholders and public have a decided "right' to ask that cue ' local journals shall betrested with the same courtesy , as extended io^ others -opt of tbe district. ^ ; j ' i H«»-'is another opportunity for the, Telegraph j to" " 4 gush 1 it ilłH . Aver - tiie liannlnsS ' threat o£ tte lnnatie Kiłpitrick. RUenae Herein eays, the Hon. ; the Mjinister . of I Landa, welearn by tdegram, received a threatening j ;anonymons letter yesterday morning. The occńr- i he effect of in a grest mjeasure .disarming the honest -j \ Elsewhere will be found an advertisement calling tsudecs for the conveyance of mails for the year. A secohd performance by the Adelaide Combina- - ;itin Company took place in the Mechanic's hall on Tuesday. The hall was but scantily filled, but the performance went spiritedly. A local Land Board will sit at the Kyneton Court-house to-day at ten o'clock, for the consideration of business wnich has been duly aunotweed in oar advertising columns. Another School Board has struck. The Kingower Board has determined to adjourn sine die, in consejuence ef none of its recommendations having been carried out by the Department. Here is a sign of the spirit of the age. A Melbourne contemporary writes :—The admirers of the vsews promulgated in the writings of Thomas Paine held a social gathering on Tuesday night, at Stutt's Hotel, to celebrate Paine's birthday. There were upwards of 200 parsons present, and Mr W. Staff presided. In opening the proceedings, the chairman said that the object of their gathering was to show their appreciation of and respect for the character of Thomas Paine, both religiously and politically. His views on religion were not such as were commonly stated by ministers of religion, for they were interested parties, and their statements were unreliable ; while, as regarded his political principles, it was only necessary to state that the founding of the great American republic originated iu a great measure from his writings. The meeting was further addressed by Mr Cameron, Mr John Tyerman, and others, a nomber óf songs and recitations being given between the addresses. The death is announced of the Rev. Peter S. Menzies, the distinguished minister of the Presbyterian Church, at the early age of 34. The deceased minister was one of the ablest and most independent of Victorian clergymen, and was prominent for his mteUectutl grasp of the subjects of the day. He bejp.a nęjrjEęjj^jon ^pfj as yet ' fat-Trronr* prolan' Another victim to spiritualism has gone to the Yarra Bend. William Lowry of Williamstown, who had just arrived from Marong with the intention of going home, got it into his head, and freely claimed relationship with the Holy Ghost and Captain Cook. The police, however, claimed him as a fit subject for the asylum, and thither he went. The report of the board appointed by the Chief Secretary to inquire into the cause of the death of Julia Bennett, formerly an inmate of the Sunbury Industrial School, who it was alleged was the victim of ill-treatment on the part of the matron of the establishment has been forwarded to the Government, and as soon as a decision has been arrived at will be made public. A fatality hung over Tarrengower on Saturday and Sunday. No less than four fatal accidents occurred on ihose days. A scheme is afloat for colonising New Guinea The proposal to form a company for the purpose seems, however, to hang fire. The! amount of crain and flour carried on the Yictonan lines of railway for the week ending 24th February was as follows :-Wh.at, 10,747 bags . flour, 2,630 do; oats, 840 do ; barley, 1,612 3o bran, L266 do. TotaL 17,095 bags. ' ; ^ ' . . ^ ' ^ > The Nubia is expected with the January and February mails on Wednesday, 11th March. I At a sale of Crown lands on Tuesday, the follow- ! inglots in Malmsbury were sold :—Lots 21, 22, T. O'Hanlon, Fryerstown.—Lot 23, W. Dunlop ; lot 24, E. Brown ; lot 31, E. Spencer ; lots 32, 33, 34, J. Reid; lot 35, M. Amos ; lot 36, J. Reid; lot 37, J. Patterson ; lot 38, J. Stiles ; lot 39, E. W. H. Kowe; lot 40, B. Bennetson; lot 41, J. James ; lot 42, H. Moore. The Solicitor-General has caused inquiries to be made into the statement of the pardoned prisoner John E' ^ir, respecting the innocence of the man Donelly, now undergoing a sentence of imprisonment for rape, alleged tp have been committed at ^a^t in February, 186i The stat^ent of Edgar 13 ° f ł- theglrl ™ h e r d ) eath - ljed ; i T S t ' f f i . " "r . ^ / T^ T r', , . J view to ascertain what rehance is to be placed upon the woman s declaration that the inquiry is being m e' A special meeting of the Kynetonshire Council will take place on Saturday to consider complaints as to the assessments, &c-; In the Kyneton Police Court on Tuesday, the only business before the court was the action Hobbs v Hewitt, to recover £6 for goods, an order being made for the amount and costs. It is said in certain political circles, according to a contemporary, that the ministerial manifesto will be very clear and emphatic upon the question of Constitutional Reform, and that Ministers, knowing how prominently the question will be kept before the constituencies, are prepared to stake their existence as a Government upon carrying a measure for a radical reform of the CounciL ,r n---i.il. „ „ . . , . Mr Thomas Higmbotham, C.E., is to be entertamed at a banquet before he leaves. The railway works from Chines to Maryborough are progressing rapidly. His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne leaves for England to-day. The annual meeting of the Victorian Society of Blues—gentlemen educated at Christ's Hospital, London-has justbeenheld. The society is flourishjjjg On Tuesday night Mr Alex. Crombie Todd, chief inspector of the Public Works department, who is leaving for England, was entertained at a complimentary banquet. _ , j Sullivan, the murderous villain, who was concernedin the Maungatapu murders, in New_Zea- . , _ Sullivan tnming approveruiat the other three murderers were convicted. The pardon was given on the condition that Sullivan left the colony, and he intended doing so by the Mikado mail steamer, but Captain Moore refused to take him, and at the latest date he was walking about Dunedin. An illuminated address is to be presented to Sir Charles Gavan Duffy by his friends in Ballarat. A Sydney telegram states that Hume had an interview with the Minister of Lands, on Tuesday, 1 and Reiterated the statement as to his having been robbed. Tuesday's Age has the following: ry,, J-ne time for taking out electors' rights, so as to ensure being placed on the next supplementary roll, will expire on 1st March. All whose names do not now appear on any electoral roil, and who have not taken out electors' rights since the 1st September last, should at once secure them. Whether or not the supplementary roll will be in force sufficiently early to enable those whose names will be on it to exercise the franchise at even the last batch of the general election has been a moot point; but there can be no doubt that, for elections for districts com- prised in the first and second batches, the supplementary rolls will not be available. Allelectors 3 rights taken out before or on the 1st March must be compiled in lists and printed by 21st March, and then transmitted to the clerks of -the revision ] courts. Objectors to any name on those lists have until 4th of April to send in their objections, and 1 then they -bave to be compiled in . lists - and advertised. The revision courts are to be held through-' out tiie colony on 18th April, and even then lists may not be finally settled, as those courts may be adjourned for not more than eight days, or until 26th ApriL When the lists have passed the revieion cońrts the various electoral registrars have to prepaie the rolls thereform, and then they require to be printed, j After . that .the electoral registrars mqst tansmit the perfected rolls to the. returning officers of -the province or districts, and when received by ttie latter officers the rolls will be in force, rand.not before. - < As. they need not be forwarded before 12th Mayj it follows that they may not fie ready for nse nntil the following ~ day. By that time^the (elections for^ the districts in the first and. second batches will have been decided, and — • intJie thirdbatch also." The Minister of Pnblic Instraction, the Minister of Bail ways, the Commissioner of Customs, and the śolicitor^łeneral went on where tŁe firat8<>4 of the tiM section of ąe tat and _Maryhorou^i railway waa turned, and the fon the' new' -State school laid. by Mr GDlies and & . Le evening a oinqiiCT * {dace, at which Stephen made a . rather l£ = , ^ . „ eeuccessfnl — ^jtjanAt^toi ^Bdncaticni AxX -wts working: Mr 'GilHes, ^n behaI£:of iihe . ^Railway department, Professor Irving does not intend to seek electim. to Parliament. n The inquest on the body of the late Mr Mf ^ - Reynolds has been further adjourned tor According to the Age the runs forfeited sometime ago m the Wimmera district have been subdivided into smaller areas, so that they may oe occupied by persons of slender means. Mr J. H. Wheeler will in allprobabiUty conseto to contest the Creswick electorate at the nex^ election. We have received the first issue of the Gislorne Times, a journal published at Gisborne for circulation in that and the surrounding districts. Our contemporary is well got up, contains a considerable amount of local news and advertisements, ana alleges itB subscription list to be large. It will ue published weekly. Mr Elder, of Adelaide, has despatched Mr Boss 'with a well-equipj>ed party from the Peake to Perth, W.A., for the purpose of exploring the immediate nnknown country, keeping south ot latitude 26 deg. Never was exploring so actively carried on as at pr&ent;, and there is hope that ere long the whole continent will be duly mapped. The Age can see no reason why the hon. John O'Shannassy, "Whose whole career has been a scandal to the State," should be further honored by the Imperial Government. Mr G. P. Smith addressed a large meeting of electors at Hawthorn on Tuesday night. Mr Smith complained of the delay by the Chief Secretary in declaring the Government policy, and ascribed the long reticence to payment of members. An agitation has commenced in Melbourne for the reform of tbe present liquor laws. The reforms sought are as follow:—The abolition of grocers' and publicans' £10 licenses ; the transfer to the general Government of revenue from the control over all liquor licenses, the local bodies to be reused for loss of revenue; the appointment verament of travelling liquor revenue inspectors'under the Central Board of Health,possessing power to demand liquor for analysis, to examine and report upon all publichouses to the head of the department and licensing magistrates ; the reduction of the number of publicans' licenses u&tU; tbey reach a maximum of one to every 500 inhabitants, calculated upon the Government census. Mr Casey announced, on Tuesday, that he had adopted a new course as to the sale of lands by auction. When application is in future made for the sale of Crown lands by auction, the applications will be forwarded to the local land board of the district to which it refers. It will then be scheduled and publicly notified. The application will then be considered : 1st, as to whether the party applying for the sale of the land should have his request granted ; 2nd, whether the sale will prove a public detriment; and 3rd, if it is determined to sell the land, what the upset price shall be. This plan will, it is thought, prevent the sale of land without due inquiry, and will enable people in the locality to object to the sale, thereby preventing the necessity of such frequent withdrawals from sale as have been in the past. „ . , __ ,, • ,„„„„ ^ pn Jf te , T additional P ^ c ^ , °f ^ ^ ^ e s on the BarrowsCi^ek tóe^phstetioubtst Sunday evening. It seems that all hands were at the time outside the biuldmg enjoying an evening's smoke and talking to some young blacks, when a mob of natives stole up, under cover of a building, and speared Mr Stapleton, the officer in charge, The party upon this rushed for the entrance-gate of the station, but were driven back by a shower of spears. They then ran round the building, followed by the natives in a body, and contrived to gain the entrance, which was also guarded. The blacks then cleared off, but next morning re-appeared all fully armed. They were fired at with rifles, at a distance of 500 yards, and dispersed. The attack appears to have been quite unprovoked, as the natives have always been treated with kindness. The force at the station consisted of seven white men, including one trooper. A linesman named Frank was kiSed on the spot, and Mr Stapleton w badl ^ ^ died on Monday afternoon from his wounds. He leaves a widow and four children.. He was formerly employed in the Victorian service as an operator, and subsequently of the station^ Mouk Gambier for two J d ^ appointed to Barrow's Creek on the opening of the overland line. A black boy who was present when the attack was made was speared ; in three places. He is recovering, i ^ firat ^ volumes o£ the ^ newspaper i published in Melbourne—the Port Phillip Oaze.Ue—have, observes the Daily Telegraph, been shipped on board the Bangalore, consigned to the British Mnseum, for which institution they have been .been purchased at a cost of £50 from Mr Strode, who was the original proprietor and publisher of the paper. We understand that the volumes were offered to Sir Bedmond Barry, for the Melbourne Public library, for the same sum, but the proposal was declined, and that Mr Strode then wrote to the authorities of „, the , Bri : tish Museum, who accepted it at once. The dates i of the papera contained in these volumes are from • 27tt <5c£,b 1838 to December, 1841. It is a j pity ^ are'lost the colony. , Tte q ^ ^ Times is glad to see that the Gis | bome Flour j,ral is once more in active operation, i being rented by Mr Balding, who has had great exi perience in the business, having for many years i mana S ed fo r„ ^ of KyMtaL The con- ' vemence will be the more felt in this district . sm^ the unfortunate burning of the Vortesc Mill j at Riddell s Creek. | A prediction made fifteen yearsago (and still re' membered by many m the district) that the sl.?P es of Mount Macedon would be clothed with "U^ ere many years, is, writes the Gisborne Times, now being fulfilled. The eastern side [ of tŁe Mount is selected by wealthy Melbourne | gentlemen, and many of the old "mountaineers" ' * ' ' ' ' the times to realise good s. We are informed that , the property belonging to the heirs of the late John J Smith, which twelve months ago would not have commanded £100, has recently changed hands at nearly £400. We notice also from Mr H. R. Dixon's report, that he has sold the land lately owned by the Australian Steam Saw Mill Company, for a sum of £700. As the mill plant is also dis- ' posed of, Macedon will now cease to be famous for | producing timber, but we trust to see it becoming j much more famous as a delightful summer retreat £" r tto3e 0 a -* l8te for the P^turesqne and ^ means S" 4^ : A child named Farnsworth died suddenly at • Barry's Reef on {Sunday last, the canse of death i ' being il. „ unknown. .1 A lad named Edward Alt'*" was nA^nn.llr .-...".. i L„ I-i^l on the same day seriously injured by being kicked by a horse. In. sentencing the prisoner Mary Sheehan, as we le.-ira from the Af. A. Mail, "his Honor remarked he believed the jury took a vay correct view of her case. She had not been contented to give a simple i account of facte as they occurred, but had exag- | gerated them, stating what the juty did not believe j to be true ; that Carolinhad got over the fence into i her yard, and struck her three times with a shovel, j He had taken into consideration the recommenda- j tion in her favor, also her delicate health." It j would thus appear the Court was of opinion that the i woman had b^n ill-treated, although not to the ex- ! tent stated by her, a view which appears to be pretty general in Kyneton inasmuch a^ a petition 1 to the Executive in favor of the prisoner is being got up, praying for a remission of the sentence, on j the ground of the doubtful character of -the prosecuting evidence against her. 