A JJ AUYUOUOUOH GHOST STORY This in tho sort of start' an editor has pal mod 011 liirn for interesting intolligouco u It lias been rumoured for some timo pant that a houso nitualcd in the suburbs of Iho town has boon haunted by the spirit of a man who hails, it id Haiti (mm u far hotter place than even Uock humpton. Although wo would nut commit our solves si) fur AS to i»iy that * AH houses wIIUHMII men Jiavc lived ami died aro haunted houses,' yet this story has boon told us with so much cir cumstantiality, and our friend is so positive that ho HWW and felt what lio describes, (lint wo re luctantly givo tho story wider publicity than it has already gained, Snys tho narrator :-1 re tired to bed about midnight, having spent tho ovening in lively convocation with a friend who that day had arrivod from tho country. About 3 a.m. I awoke without any npjuiruut cause. The moon was shining in aU its brightness, and as I liad neglected to draw down tho window blind, the room was almost as light as in tho daytimo. Uosido my bod stood the well-known form of a friend who bad, to my sorrow, died many yoars previously, lie Iuffc thin world eoino £14 10s. in my dobt. 'Dure was no mistake about liis form or features, for as bo faced the win* dew, and tho full light of tho moon was thrown on him, J hu<l oycry opportunity of seeing, and J gricvo to Bay, recognising both. That I looked and felt surprised, you can imagine. I essayed to speak, but was unsuccessful; my tongue scorned spoil bound, and yot my mind wan at porfect liberty. 1 tried to porauado myself that this was a hideous dream, aud to couvinco my* Eolf, endeavoured to leap from tho couoh, or, at least, Bit up. Inconceivable as it may appear, my body remained motionless, not a uiuuclo uutwerou iny must strenuous exortioas. Largo beads of perspiration clung; to my forehead, and rolled into my eyes, inflicting excruciating agony and still I was unable to dash aside tho briay rivulets. I reflected in horror ou this frightful phenomenon. How long 1 remained iti this semi comatose state 1 cannot say, but during the wholo period X could distinctly hoar tho noiso mode by deep breathing: in harmony with tho anxious pulsatious of my heart. Aud inoaawltilo tho figure stood gazing on mo with a look half sorrowful, half-triumphant. I could occuratoly doseri bo the features and form, but I object. De mortiu* iiil nisi bonum. He would havo paid me in full, doubtless, bad be lived. Prosoutly tho figure moved towards the window and my dross instable. On tho lattor I bad left my pursa containing my all. Thoughle of Young's line, ' Tho wretched impotence (of the want) of gold* rushed through my braiu. With a shriek I leaped to tho floor. fitrango to say, tho miuute tho basilisk eyes woro moved from me, iny inuselcs relaxed. 1 hurlod myself at tho man, whom now I regarded as a robber, aud runuing through tho the shadow, camo iu contact with aud upsot tho wabhstaud with its appurtenances. Perhaps tho straugest part of tho uarratiyo romoius yot to bo told. A lew minutes after tho fall of domestic crockory my infaut daughter. Bleeping in tho nursery at the extreme cad of tho house, WAS heard to howl dismally. Who knows may Bho not have soon tho ap|>arution ? I am confident t was wido awake during tho wholo time, and that tho unfocling suggestion mado by my wife that tho lobster I had BO much enjoyed at supper af fcotcd my livor, is uncallod for, and only worthy of a woman! Augh 1"-Maryborough Chronicle. 