. Í3HÁPTES XLIII continued. \- ,|àï fm f AJ8AÏ0BIDM, HIGHGATE, - .<iÉ:'I know the place right weill ?Wmm^f^.- v- ? .; ? 1 , . 'Tfls, Sir Hawley. I was «itting in their i ^Mn^m'-^éê^i^^pvatf tasting a glass of the íMdy4^tfs cowslip wine, and tíie father and son ware talking of this very subject. So we got,pomehow, to story-telling-I'm sure I don'§^oWí hów or why- and I-I told my strafe dream. Then the young collegian began to look at the old man ; the old man, theitáher,¿it him--strangely , and with great alarM and quiet meaning in their eyes. Then we iMtàn to argue and reason that such things as Sjrarits could not quit their closed up sepul ehresfto roam the earth once more. And then the ojd farmer spoke-he is an obstinate man Sir Çawleyi. but very honest and truthful though not an educated one. ' Ijdon'i know about that, ma'am. I dunno \ '9te^î.navc ever done aught to mortal that I I Ipioukl be afeard to look On his face again. Teat your fellows well and truly in their iivesjj and there'll be no reproach on their lips .iff thsy meet ye after they're laid low, as we Taney, in the cold ground. My bo^ there, he ts supposed to know everything ; but even he fe^Soupd to a little of my !ifoinkin& after t'other night.' >j¿ i" > \ ' What há^p(ftiéofthe other njlfatí, ? farmer Jones,' said I, ' that your sóff^hould . have been converted to your theory ?' ' I'll tell ye, ma'am,' he continued, ear- nestly. This is what it was, and how it all happened. We had been talking of Mr. Charles and his beautiful, sweet lady, and was a sympathizing like, between ourselves about her being took ill. Jem, there, was smoking and patting old Growler ; for I must tell ye it was between the lights-I may say pretty well dark-and we were sitting at the door, looking out over the woods. Presently Jem gets up, and goes down to the cow-house ; . and I had just got up myself, and was turn j ing to go indoors, when I h$ard a strange sort Of rustling, and then-then someÍÉÍful face, ?with great staring eyej^^^Jgásphg, hot breath, peered at me, anHfijJfefiei nie by. The face was that,of Mr. CharTljg as I'm ajj&ving; man-horrible, ghastly, thina^n|L^BRace. i notwithstanding. Now, ina||pl^af^^1hcxt, \ ma'am, for this is the strangest thipè °f a^ . '% Growler didn't bajrk, or growl, but f^.sniffing *. after hitri'j and jumping and fris^ojl round -; hun, as he had done in the old day's* Î I was so sick and faint, that I could barely see out I of my^ eyes ;"" but this is what seemed to take place, for I could not swear to this, I was too dazed. He seemed to go straight -to our old safe, where he had been for tarts and the like many a time as a lad, when home from school, and take something, as he used to ; then he seemed to glide away-to melt out of sight thc old dog tearing after him like mad ! Poor Mr. diaries ! if it had only been me to,have seen him, after the home-brewed I had drunk and tho two or three glasses of stiff grog, I should have said I was dreaming ; but my boy Jem, there,-he see something, too. And half the villagers, ma'am, are crying the same story of the ghost, the ghost : and I am fairly scared myself, now, to come home after night- fall through the copse.' ' What did you sec, Mr. James ? I asked : ' did you see this ghostly visitant?' This, Sir Hawley, is his answer. ' No ma'am, I saw no ghost or spirit ; for I know right well that such folly as to sup- pose the dead can rise again on this earth is too gross for intelligent human beings-the spiritualists notwithstanding. I did see something, though, I'll confess that ; but it was no spirit ! I saw a man, clothed in rags, leaping over thc quickset into the woods, with Growler at his heels. He was carrying something in his hand ; and I shouted to him, and hied the dog on, for I opined the /ellow a thief ! But the dog took no more notice of me than if he belonged to that leap- ing figure ! And so I ran across the meadow, and followed, still shouting lustily ! Then then the ragged fellow turned, and looked al me with a wolfish glare ; and even ?Growler bore out his name, for he showed his teeth at mc for the first time in his life ! I say,' he continued slowly,' that the man faced me, and looked at mc first wolfishly and savagely, and then, why, I think he was cry- ing ! Mind, I am not sure that the mist was lot in my eyes ; but I could not see the poor, hmgry fellow gnawing away like a wild ari nal at the food without feeling pity ! But -Tell, that is all ! Growler came back, and I kat him well, and he never moved or stired, and wouldn't notice me for a day or two literwards. And I-well, I hate cruelty -1 .'lt ashamed of myself for touching the dumlbruto ihen I He had more humanity than -had,Tor I should have taken the food, periiaj:. on thc spur of thc moment, from tí.ai por, gaunt, hunger-stricken man hcaven'orgivr^me !' Come, now V * Well, it was darki and^was nerrous ; bat there was something in the face that reminded me of-of-' * Who, Mr. James V I asked. * Of whom did this poor face remind yon?' * Well, if you will have it, ma'am, of Mr. Charles ; though it is my firm belief that it is all a trick, notwithstanding/ ' Now, for your story, Mrs. Benson,' said Sir Hawley, with white face and shaking limbs, his eyes aflame with anger, and fear, and dread. ' Mine, Sir Hawley, is very shortand simple; it can scarcely be called a story at all. You know, or rather, I know, as 1 tell you, that which all the world knows, more or less.. That seven years ago Charles Devereux was drowned in yonder rushing, muddy stream. That for a long period his body was not found, and all was uncertainty and fear. That Lord Heriot searched, and searched, till it had be- come a monomania with him ; and at last he found a body in the shallows. That it was \ unrecognisable, except by some tattered shreds of black clothing-black being the exclusive wear of millionaires. That the body-I beg pardon ! I mean Charles Devereux-was buried with all due pomp and honour in the family grave. That all his immense possess- j ions were left to his widow. That seven years ¡ have passed away. That there is an old superstition, an ancient adage, about the ! coming and going of seven years. That is j my story, Sir Harry-not one sentence of ' which is new to you, though you turn so | ghastly white as you hear it. Stay, though -I had forgotten one thing, and this finishes my story. Sir Hawley, you remembered my dream V ' Ay,' he answers, hoarsely. ' It was a dream,' she continues, ' all but the figure, Sir Hawley ; that was real. The jabbering, awful, foam-lipped figure-that actually stood here ! And I have locked my bedroom door ever since. Why, Sir Hawley, do you not laugh- laugh heartily at the foolish folks who listen to such nonsense ? Come, Sir Hawley, let me try and brighten the story a bit ! Fancy a ghost-just fancy a spirit in tatters, riding a broomstick or a hurdle, fol- lowed by a spectre dog ! Laugh at the picture, Sir Hawley ! Ha, ha, ha !' Then, with a little touch of the gloved hand, ere yet the echoes have done with her mocking laughter, she glides across the lawn, and dis- appears in the house. Sir Hawley stands silent for a moment, with great, strained eyes of horror following the undulating , form of this treacherous woman ; then SÉMÊÉ^ofl his hat, and whipes his hot, fevereffiaHlBLupon which the big drops stand thl|9H||ffiL ' I am not m^^plpnä not in a dream that night!' hê says,3ér43eîy',. 'I thought I was clear in my brain, calm in my reasoning ; and my thoughts did not lead me astray. There is some terrible mystery shrouded by the dark woods, some* aw^bl secret within their depth-some presence, palpable or impalpable, that speaks with the tongue of the still, small voice.' He walks slowly to the house, murmuring, under his breath, ' What does it mean-what does it mean ?' : Around, a legion-a mighty &pst;, innumer ! able as the sand on the a^£j(Í}?e-compass Blanche Devereux about.^fÉfe they real ? Are they to be met in the open field as flesh and blood ? Or are they only shadows ? t_. 