TBS TRAIL OF THE SERPENT. BOOK THE SIXTH. ON THE TRACK. CHAPTER IV. (CONTINUED.) WHAT THEY FIND IN THE BOOM IN WHICH THE MURDER WAS COMMITTED. nv THE AtTHOH OP " Lady AuJUtfe Secret," " Aurora Floy,!," die., _ Tho coin was East Indian ; worth perhaps six or seven rupees; in size and touch not at all unlike a sovereign, but about fifty years old. "And now," said Gus, "my friend and I will take a stroll; you cau cook us a steak for five o'clock, and in the meantime we can amusA ourselves about the town." " The factories might 1>e interesting to the fo'/eigneeriiig gent," said the landlord, whose spirits seemed very much improved by the possession of the five-pound note ; " there's a factory hard l>y as employs a power of liands, and there's a wheel as killed a man only last week, and you could sec it, I'm sure, gents, and welcome, by only mentioning my name. I serves tho liands as lives round this way, which is a many." Gus thanked him for liis kind offer, and said they would make a point of availing themselves of it. The landlord watched them as they walked along die bank in the direction of Slopperton. " I expect," he remarked to himself, " the lively one's mad, and the quiet one's his keeper. But five pounds is five {rounds; and that's neither here nor there." Instead of seeking both amusement, and instruction of the factory in question, Messrs. Darley and Peters walked at a pretty brisk rate, looking neither to the right nor to the left, choosing the most out-of-the-way aud unfrequented streets, till they left the town of Sloppertou and the waters of the Slosliy behiud them, and emeigcd on to tho high road, not so many hundred yards from tlie house in which Mr. Moutague Harding met his death —the house of the Black Mill. It had never been a lively-looking place at best; but now, with the association of liidcous murder belonging to it—and so much a part of it, that, to all who knew the dreadful story, death, like a black shadow, seemed to brood above tho gloomy pile of building and warn the stranger from the infectcd spot —it was indeed a melancholy habitation. The shutters of all the windows but one were closed; the garden-paths were overgrown with weeds ; the beds choked up; the trees had shot forth wild erratic branches that trailed across the path of the intruder, and entangling themselves about liim, threw him down before he was aware, the house, however, was not uninhabited—Martha, the old servant, who had nursed Richard Marwood when a little child, had the eutire care of it; aud she was provided with a comfortable income and a youthful domestic to attend upon her, the teaching, admonishing, scolding, and patronisr ing of whom made the delight of her quiet existence. The bell which Mr Darley rang at the gate went clanging down the walk, as if to he heard in the house were a small part of its mission, for its sonorous power was calculated to awaken all Slopperton in case of fire, flood, or invasion of the foreign foe. Perhaps Gus thought just a little—as he stood at the broad white gate, oveijjrown now with damp and moss, but once so trim and bright—of the days when Ricliard aud he had worn little cloth frocks, all ornamented with divers meandcriug braids and vhiuing buttons, and Iuvd swung to and fro in the even sunshine on tliat very gate. He remembered Richard throwing him off, and hurting his nose upon the gnivel. They had made mud-pics upon tliat very walk; they had set elaborate and most efficient traps for birds, and never caught any, in those very shrubberies; they had made a swing under the lime-trees yonder, and a fountain that would never work, but had to bo ignorainiously supplied with jugs of water, and stirred with, spoons like n pudding, before the crystal shower would conscnt to mount. A thousand recollections of tliat childish time came back, and with them came the thought that the little boy in the braided frock was now an outcast from society, supposed to be dead, and his name branded as tliat of a madman and a murderer. Martha's attendant, a rosy-clieeked country girl, came down the walk at tho sound of the clanging bell, and stared aghast at the apparition of two gentlemen—one of them so brilliant in costume as our friend Mr. Darley. Gus told the youthful domestic that he had, a letter for Mrs. Jones. Martlia's surname was Joftes; and Mrs. was an honorary distiuctiou, us tho holy state of matrimony was ono of tlie evils tho worthy woman had escaped, (ins brought a note from Martha's mistress, which assured him a warm welcome. d-c, "Would the gentlemen luivc teal" Martha said. " SunuuniH!—(the youthful domestic's name was Sarah Anne, pronounced both for cupliany aud convenience, Sararanue)—Sararaune should get them anything they would please to like directly." Poor Martha was quite distressed, on being told tliat all they wanted was to look at the room in which the murder was committed. " Was it in tlie same state as at the time of Mr Harding's death!" asked Gus. It luid never been touched, Mrs. Jones assured them, since that dreadful tunc. Such was her mistress's wish; it had Itoen kept clean and dry; but not a bit of furniture had been moved. Mis. Jones was rheumatic, aud rarely stirred from her scat of honor by the fireside; so Saroranne was sent with a bunch of keys in her hand to conduct the gentlemen to the room in question. Now there were two things self-evident in the iminn^r of Sararanne ; first, tliat she was pleased at the idea of a possible flirtation with the brilliant Mr. Darley ; secondly, tliat she ilidn't at all like the ordeal of oiiening aud entering tho dreaded room in question; so, between her desire to be fascinating and her uncontrollable fear of the encounter before her, she endured a mental struggle {taitiful to the beholder. The shutters in the front of the house being, with one exception, all closed, the hall and staircase were wrapped in a shadowy gloom, far more alarming to the tiiuid mind than complete darkness. In complete dark ness, for instance, the eight-day clock in the corner would have l»een a clock, and not an elderly ghost with a braid white face aud a brown greatcoat, as it seemed to be in the uncertain glimmer which crept through a distant skylight covered with ivy. Sararanne was evidently possessed with the idea that Mr. Darley and his friend would decoy her to the very threshold of the haunted cliamber, and then fly iguominiously, leaving licr to brave the perils of it by herself Mr Barley's repeated assurances tliat it was all right, and tliat on the whole it would lie advisable to look alive, as life was short and time was long, etcetera, liad the effect at last of iuducing the damsel to asccnd the stairs—looking behind her at every other step—and to conduct the visitors along a passage, at the ciul of which she stopped, selected with considerable celerity a key from the bunch, plunged it into the keyhole of the door before lier, said " Tliat is the room, gentlemen, if you please," dropped a curtsey, and turned and fled. The door opened with a scroop, and Mr. Peters realized at last the darling wish of liis heart, and stood in the very room in which the murder hail l>ecn committed. Gus looked round, went to the window, opened the shutters to the widest extent, aud the afternoon sunshine streamed full into the room, lighting every crevice, revealing every speck of dust on the moth-eaten ilamask bed-curtains— every crack and staiu on the worm-eaten flooring. To see Mr. Darley look round the room, and to see Mr. Peters look round it, is tosee two things as utterly wide apart as it is possible for one look to lie from another. The young suigeon's eyes wander hero and there, fix themselves nowhere, ami rest two or three times upon the same object before they seem to take in the full meaning of tliat object. The eyes of Mr. Peters, on tlie contrary, take tho circuit of the apartment with equal precision and rapidity—go from number one to number two, from number two to number three; and having given ii careful inspection' to every article of furniture in the room, fix at last in a gaze of concentrated intensity on the tout emmhlfraf the chamber. " Call yo^hake out anything ?" asked Mr. Darley. Mr. Peters nods his head, and in reply to this question drops on oue knee, and fulls to examining the flooring. " Do you see anything in tliat!" asks Gus. " Yes," replies Mr. Peters on his fingers; "lookat tfiis." Gus docs look at this. This is the flooring, which is in,a very rotten and delapidatcd state, by the bedside. "Well, what then?" he asks. " What then?" said Mr. Peters, on his, Angel's, witli an expression of considerable contempt pervading his features; " what then? You're a very talented young gent, Mr. Darley, and if I wanted a prescription for tho bile, which I'm troubled with sometimes, or a tip for the Derby, which I don't, not being a sporting man, you're the geut I'd comc to; but for all tliat you ain't no police-officer, or you'd never ask tliat question. What then? Do you remember as one of tho facts so haul agen Mr. Marwood was the blood-stains on Jiis sleeve? You sec these here cracks and cre- vices in this here floorin' f Very well, then; Mr. Marwood slept in the room under this. Ho was tired, I've heard him say, and he threw himself down oil tho bed in his coat. What more natural, then, than that there should be blood upon his sleeve, and what more easy to guess tlian the way it came there f " You think it dropped through then 1" asked Gus. "I think it dropped through," said Mr. Peters, on his fingers, with biting irony ; " I know it dropped through. His counsel was a nice un, not to bring this into court," he added, pointing to tlie boards on which he knelt. " If I'd only seen this place before tho trial But I was nobody, aud it was like my precious impudence to ask to go over the. house, of course! Now then, for number two." "And that is ?" asked Mr. Darley, who was quite in tho dark as to Mr. Peteis's news; that functionary being implicitly believed in by Richard aud his friend, and allowed, therefore, to bo just as mysterious as lie pleased. " Number two's this here," answered the detective. " I wants to find another or two of them ruin Indian coins; for our young friend, Dead-and-Alivc, as is here to-day and gone to-morrow, got that one as he gave the girl from that cabinet, or my name's not Joseph Peters;" wherewith Mr. Peters, who had been entrusted by Mrs. Marwood with the keys of the cabinet in question, proceeded to open the doors of it, and to carefully inspect tliat old-fashioned piece of furniture. There were a great many drawers, and Iwxes, and pigeon-holes, and queer nooks and corners in this old cabinet, all smelling equally of old age, damp, and cedar-wood. Mr. Peters pulled out drawers and opened boxes, found secret drawers in the inside of other drawers, and boxes hid in ambush in other boxes, all with so little result, beyond the discovery of old papers, bundles of letters tied with faded red tajH% a simpering and neutral-tinted miniature or two of the fashion of some fifty years gone by, when a bright blue coat and brass buttons was the correct thing for a dinnerparty, and your man about town wore a watch in each of his breeches-j>ockets, and simpered at you l>ekind a sliirt-frill wide enough to separate liiiu for ever from his friends and acquaintance. Besides these things, Mr. Peters found a Johnson's dictionary, a readyreckoner, and a pair of boot-hooks; but as he found nothing else, Mr Darley grew quite tired of watching his proceedings, and suggested that they should adjourn; for he remarked—" Is it likely that such a follow as this North would leave anything behind hiinf" "Wait a bit," said Mr. Peters, with an expressive jerk of his head. Gus shrugged his shoulders, took out his cigar-case, lighted a cheroot, and walked to the window, where he leaned with his elbows on the sill, puffing blue clouds of tobacco-siuoke down among the struggling creepers that covered the walls and climbed round the casement, while the detective resumed his search among the old bundles of papers. He was nearly abandoning it, when, in one of the outer drawers, he took up an object he had passed over in his first inspection. It was a small canvas bag, such as is used to hold money, and was apparently empty; but while pondering on liis futile search, Mr. Peters twisted this bag in a moment of absence of mind between his fingers, swinging it backwards and forwards in the air. In so doing, lie knocked it against the side of the cabinet, and, to his surprise, it emitted a sharp metallic sound. It was not empty, then, although it appeared so. A moment's examination showed the detective tliat he liad succeeded in obtaining the object of his search; the bag had been used for money, and a small coin had lodged in the seam at one corner of tho bottom of it, and liad stuck so firmly as not to be easily shaken out. This, in the murderer's hurried ransacking of the cabinet, in his blind fury at not finding the sum he expected to obtain, had naturally escaped liiiu. The piece of money was a small gold coin, only half the value of the one found by the landlord, but of the same date and style. Mr, Peters gave his fingers a triumphant snap, which aroused the attention of Mr. Darley; alul, with a glance expressive of the pride in his art which is peculiar to your true genius, held up the little piece of dingy gold. " By Jove ?" exclaimed tho admiring Gus, " you've got it, then! Egad, Peters, I think you'd make evidence, if there wasn't any." " Eight years of tliat youug man's life, sir," said the rapid fingers, " lias been sacrificed to the stupidity of tliem as should have pulled him through." CHAPTER V. MR. PUTEB8 DECIDES ON A STRANGE STEP, AND ARBESTS THE DEAD. < While Mr. Peters, assisted % Richard's ni|icfl?e friend, tiiC young surgeon, inade the Visit abovudeecribed, Darodexil Dick counted the hours in l^nidou. B Wis assoutiiil to the success of J)isr cause, Gus, and Peters _ tuged, that lie should Jiot show luwsdf, or in any way reveal the ifct of his existence, till the xew murderer was arrested. Let the truth apjiear to all the world, and then time enough for Uiehawl to pome forth, with au unbninded forehead, in the night of his fellow- men. But when;he heard tliat liaymoud Marolles liad given his puKuere die dip, and was oil', no one knew when?, it was all that his mother, his friend Percy Goidonnet, Isabella Darky, aud the lawyers to whom he had intrusted his cause, could do to prevent hits starting tliut instant on the track of the guilty man. It was a weary day, this day of the iiiilure of the arrest, for alL Neither his mother's tender consolation, nor his solicitor's assurances that all was not vet lost, could moderate the young man's impatience, Neither Isabella's tearful prayers that he would leave the issue in the hands of Heaven, nor Mr. C-orvlouner's pliilosopliical. recommendation to take it quietly aud let the " beggar" go, could keep him quiet. He felt like a caged lion, whose ignoble bonds kept him from the vile object of his rage. The day wore out, however, and no tidings came of the fugitive. Mr. Cordonner insisted on stopping with his friend till dimo'clock in the moiiiing, and at that very late hour set out, with the intention of going down to the Cherokees—it was a Cheerful night, and they would most likely be still assembled —to ascertain, as he popularly expnjssed it. whether anything had "turned up" there. •The clock of St Martin's struck throe as lie stood with Ilicliard at the street- door in Spring Gardens, giving friendly consolation between the pufls of his cigar to the agitated young man. 41 In the first place, my dear boy," he said, " if you can't catch the fellow, you can't catch the fellow—that's sound logic aud a mathe maticid argument; then why make youiself unhappy about it ? Why try to square the circle, oidy because the circle's round, and can't be squared ? Let it alone. If tliis fellow turns up, hang him! I should glory in seeing him hung, for he's an out-and-out scoundrel, and X should make a point of witnessing the jK'rformance, if the officials would do the thing at a reasonable hour, and not execute him in. the middle of the night and swindle ihq j»spectable public. If he duesu't turn up, let; the matter rest; marry that little girl in tliei*^ JJadcy's prett y .sitter—who peeuis, bj; t^e jiye, to be absurdly fond of you—and Jet Jhe question rest That's my jdalosophy." „(. Tiieyouiig uian turned away with an junpaiieut then, laying his liand 011 Percy's shoulder, he mid,." My dear old fellow, if everybody in the world were like you, Xajwleon would have died a Cocsicau lawyer, or lieutenaut in the French army. Robespierre would have lived a petty barrister, with a penchant for getting up in the night to eat jam talis and n mania for writing bad poetry. The third state would have gone lujine quietly to its tannyaixls aud its merchants' offices; there would have been no Oath, of the Tenis Court, aud no battle of Waterloo." " And a very good thing, too," said his '-losophical friend; " nobody would have C U a loser but Astley's—only think of tiuit If there had been no Napoleon, what a loss tit image boys, (iomcrsal the Great, aud Alley's, Forgive me, Dick, for laughing at you. I'll cut down to the Cheerfuls, and see if auytliiug's up. The SiuasherVi away, or he might have given us his advice; the' genius of the XMi. might have been of some service jn tliis affair. Good , uight!" lie gave Bichard a languidly affectionate shake of the hand, and departed. Now, when Mr. Cordomtersaid he would cut down to the Cherokees, let it not be thought by lhc silnple-iuinded reader that the expression." cut down," from his lips, couveyed tliat degree of velocity which, though perhaps asnflicicntly vague phia.se in itself, it is calculated to'curry to the ordinary mind Percy Cordonner had never l»een seen by mortal man in a huriy, He had been known jbo lip ,too, late jfbr • a traity and luul been beheld placidly lounging at a few paces from the departing engine, and mildly, but rjither i^proichfully regarding that objppt, Tlie .jpoqppctejtfJjife entire life ;havo hinged Wkhisgoiag by^ia^ particular train ; but jho w<?uld fjfvqj; j>e so f^e to liis pijiuajdes as to liiatcc himself unpleasantly wanu, or in j any }Yiiy (^storlp^thtv ddiqate organisation. with YVjIucli ji{atni^ {ia4 gUpbcd hup- He had been seenjiL 'the jdpais.tf j the ^Opp^-hpuse jwhejr \- JcuJiyJjind. was gpiugjto appe^f in tiw Figlia, '^li^ihp^rojind iiiiu wewj^ctfld wth; «temppw|ty Iji^mgr, aiid |jumpJing<mp,puothfir ! wildly in the mud, he had bepn . ohsciTed leaning against a couple of fat men as in an; easy chair, aild ,standing liigli and dry upon; somebody else's Twtftfi, biMthing gentlemanly; tand jJolygl<rt'ejc«ttiiatioji6 upoft' tho suttoundtegi crowd, when/ln^waying to s and fro, it dis- ^fe^jfr > disturb ihis jefewity.j 80, when he said he would cut dowu' to the Oherokeefi, he of course meant that ho would cut after his maimer; aud lie accordingly rolled languidly along the deserted ! pavements of tlie Strand, with something of the insouciant and purposeless manner tliat Basselas may have luul in n walk through the arcades of his bqtpy valley. He reached tlie wellkuown tavern at la.4, howewr, and stopping under tlie sign of the, w;islied-out Indian lespcnitely tomaliawking nothing, in the direction of CoveM-garden, with an arm more distinguished for muscular development than correct drawing, lie gave the well-known signal of the club, and was admitted by the damsel before described, who appeared always to devote the watches of the night to the process of putting her hair in papers, that she might M-ear that liocomiug "head" for the admiration of the jug-and-bottle customers of the following day, ami shine in a frame of \\-erv loug and very greasy curls that were apt to sweep the heads off brown stouts find dip gently into ''goes" of spirits upon the more brilliant company of the evening. This v«uuig lady, popularly known as 'Liza, was well up in the sjwrtiug business of the house, read the Life during church-time on Sundays, and was even believed to liave communicated with tliat Khudamauthine journal, innler the signature of L., iu the answers to correspondents. Hhe was understood to be engaged, or, as her fiiends aud admirei^ expressed it, to IK- "keeping company" with tliat luminary of the P.IL, the Middlesex Mawler, whose hesul- •piartei-s were at the Chej-okec. Mi - . Conlonuer found three Cheerfuls assembled iu the liar, iu a stiito of iuteit^.- excitement and soda- water. A telegraphic message liad just arrived froiu the »Suiasiier. It was worthy, iu economy of construction, of the Delphic onicle, and liad the advantage of being easy to understand. It was as follows— " Tell li. M. /«•'« here : had no orders, so went in with left: he won't be able to move for a day or two." Mr. Cordonner was almost surprised, and wa« thus very nearly false, for once in his life, to the only art he knew. " This will be good news iu Spring Gardens," he mid ; " but Peters won't be back till to-'niorrow night. Suppose," he added, musing, " we were to telegraph to him at .Sloppertou instanter? I know where he liaugs out there. If anybody could find a cab and take the message it would be doing Starwood an inestimable service," added Sir. Cordonner, passing through the bar, ami lazily seating himself 011 a greeu-and- gold Cream of the Valley cask, with his hat very much on the lmek of his head, and his hands in his pockets. ><1*11 write the mes- •sage." He scribbled upon a card—" Go across to Liverpool. He's given us tlm slip, and is there;" and haudtid it politely towards the three Cheerfuls who were leaning over the pewter counter. Splitters, the dramatic author, clutched the document eagerly ; to his j>octie mind it suggested that best gift of inspiration, " a situation," " I'll take it," he said ; " what a fine line it would make in a bill! The intercepted telegram,' with a comic railway clerk, and tho villain of the piece cutting the wires!" "Away with you, Splitters," said Percy Conlonuer. "Don't let the Strand Income verdant beneath your airy tread. Don't stop to compOsc a live-act dmuia as you go, tliat's a good fellow. 'Liza, my dear girl, a pint of your creamiest Edinbuigh, and let it be as mild as the disposition of your humble servant." Three days after the above conversation, three gentlemen were assembled at breakla-t iu a small loom iu a tavern overlooking tlie quay at Liverpool This triangular party consisted of the Smasher, in an elegant aud siuiplo morning costume, consisting of tight trousers of Stuart plaid, uu orange-colored necktie, a blue checked waistcoat, shirt-sleeves. The Siuusher looked upon a cd^|as au essentially outdoor garment, and would no more have invested himself ill it to eat Ids breakfast than he would have partaken of tliat refreshment with his hat 011, ur au umbrella up. Tho two other gentlemen were Mr. Darky, and his chief, Mr. Betels, who had a little document in his pocket signed by*a Lancashire magistrate, on wliich .he set considemble value. The}' had come across to Liverpool as directed by the telegraph. alid had, tJiflre met with tlm Smasher, who had received letters for them from Loudon with the details of the; ofecape, Mid orders to be on thp look-out for. Peters £Hid Gus. Since the'amval &f; thoso two, tlie trio' had led, a sufficiently idlu aud purposeless life. They had engaged au apartment overlooking tho quay, m, Uio wiuddw; of wliich they were seated tfof the bostipart of the >day, playing thD Jnt«JloctUal fthd exciting game of all-foutis. Therc didiixot geem uiuch in lhis t<?, forward/ the, cause(.of. Jiichard Atamood. ift is true that Mr. Peters ;waa wont to, vauieh f Jfipju.tlw^ioom oyeryinow ivud iheli, ht' order to^Qttk tpniy^torwus.and gcavp-loDkutg/g^t went, and lwfore wlioi^ the most tlaring tliid" in Liverpool slimnk as before Mr. Calcnift hiuiself. He hold strange cdnfcreiices with them in corners of the hostelry in, which, thp Jtrio had taken up their abode ; he went out with them, aud hovered about the cjuavs and the shipping; hepmwled a)>ont i{i dusk of the evening, meeting these gentlemen also prowling iu the uncertain light, would sometimes salute them af friendf aiid brothers, at other times be entirely unacquainted with them, and now and then intereliauge two or three hurried gesture* with tlicm, which the close ul».«erver woidd have pcrccived to mean a great deal. Beyond this, notJung had lieeu clone—and, in spite of all this, 110 tidings could be obtained of the Count de Marolles, exa-pt that no jterson answering to his description liad left Liverpool either by land or water. Still, neither Mi-. Peters* spirits nor pat ience failed him ; and after every intm-icw held ujx>n the stairs or iu tlie passage, after every excursion to the quays or the streets, he returned as briskly as on the first day, and reseated himself at tho little, table by the window—at which his colhftigues—or rather, his companions, for neither Mr. Darley nor tlie Smasher were of the smallest use to him —played, and took it iu turns to ruin each other fwui morning till night. The real truth of tlie matter was, that, if anytliiug, tlie detective's so-called assistants were decidedly iu his way; but Augustus Darley, having distiii^Ushed hiuiself in the escape from the asylum, considered himself an amateur Vidocque ; aud tlie Smasher, from the moment of putting in his left, and uueonsciously advancing the cause of Iiichaid and justice by extinquishing the Count de Marolles, had panted to write his name, or rather make his mark, upon the scroll of fame, by arresting tliat gentleman in his own proper person, aud without any extraneous aid whatever. It was rather hard for him, then, to have to resign the prosjiect of such a glorious adventure to a man of Mr. l'eters's inches; hut he was a calm and amiable disposition, and would iloor his adversary with as much good temper as he would eat his favorite dinner; so, with a growl of resignation, he abandoned the reins to the steady bauds so used to hold them, and seated himself down to the consumption of innumerable clay pipes and glasses of bitter ale with Gus, who, being one of the most ancient of the tlie order of the Cherokees, was an cspecial favorite with him. • (To be continued.) 