HAND OR BUSH? Which is the better — the bird in the liand- or- the two in the bush?— to be content with the inadequacy we have secure, or the suffi ciency we may never attain'? — to make a minnikin roast of the one small bird in our hand, or to try for a pie with the two in the bush ? Who can say ? It is a question which, like most other questions, has two sides to it and a head and a tail '; it is not to be settled I off-hand, as one would square out a crooked line, arbitrarily and without appeal, by a perfectly adjusted T. Indeed, it involves the whole coil of chance and daring, and when loosing sail to brave the wide sea is wise, and when holding on to the narrow harbour is wiser still. The widesea liastha chance of a cargo of oil init, with a deeper dredging of pearls and coral ; but it has also the chance of shipwrecks, and water spouts, and foundering in mid-channel, of beat ing to pieces on sullen sand-bars, and of hurling in'desperato destruction against stubborn rocks. The narrow harbour, on the contrary, is poor "and strait. There is not a shell on its shores, there is not a pearl in all its oysters — and there are not many oysters at the best, with pearls or without j its coasts are flat, the trees are dwarfed, and the corn-fields scant and ragged ; ' there is no beauty in all its borders, and no wealth in all its width ; but then it is safe and certain ; and poor as is the food to be found in its dull waters, it is food fit for human use, say . what you will, and keeps the bolt shot against starvation. The hand or the bush ? Safe stowage and a narrow margin for pleasure, gain, or beauty — or a potentiality of pearls and ship wreck, by no means unlikely ? Of the two, which? . "Who among us knows what were the words 'that 'wisdom whispered in our ears", until after 'the event ? We can all See clearlv enough the .road travelled over, and it costs few of us any trouble — is indeed, rather a favourite exercise than not — to point out whpre John fell, and James tripped; and why Richard lost his way, the coward ! being frightened at molehills, which he. swore were mountains; and how William went supperless to bed, making for an old scarecrow in the field which he mistook for the biiBh above the inn door, and so missing wine and aim and shelter all at a blow. Post- " dated criticism on our neighbours' actions is as easy as the alphabot ; but how about pilotage? When tho mists hang thick and the tain falls fast, and when.the lengthening evening shadows distort all they touch, who can walk in the unknown land with such confidence as to be .sure that nothing will betray him into danger or lure him into erring ? No one. ! With the wisest it is only nice calculations of the keen-eyed ; it can never be certainty and the knowledge of the approvod, until the ground has been gone over and .the measuring-tape rolled up. And small blame to those who forsaking the : mean actual, go after the grander ideal, with all rfails set, with banners flying, with trumpets "blaring, and wild eyes Strained ' upward to the hoavea they seek to scale in a two-horsed chariot, silver bright, as hot as love and zeal can make it? Had wo not these, where would be our heroes and our poets, our saints and our martyrs, our demigods drinking nectar with the Son of Chronos, and our apostles calmly giving themsolves to the death which was tho world's life ? What was in their hands? — the bird of safety, ease, tho world's esteem and woman's lovo of children playing round their knees, and of honours lasting for a lifetime ; and what did they seo in tho green bush beyond? They saw tho realisation of tho Divine Law and the regeneration of the sons of men ; thoy saw tho holinoss of a world and the lovo of God; they saw the life which knows no death, tho beauty which can never fade, tho glory . that has no decay, the peace which passoth not away ; all this thoy saw in the green bush beyond the home stead, and they let go what thoy had, to compass if they could, what they hoped. Shall wo blamo them ? No ; \ to them at all. events the greater possible was tho truth, and to have held on to tho smaller actual would have been tho lie. Somotimes, too, the temptation of the chanco i its en ftt'ftt'nr iwftMnff flu? h tvfl nlinnlri ho more til tui j to OW U VI II »»« . . W men did wo refrain from letting tho plain brown hen escape while making a clutch at those two gold and silvpr pheasants strutting along tho hedge-row, quite within grasp as it would seem. Gold and silver pheasants quito within grasp are not so plentiful as hedge-row bearings, that we should let them wander on unquestioned ; and plain brown liens, laying their one egg daily, aro to be had at every barn-door, and are, therefore, not such wonderful possessions, judg ing of value by rarity. Trup, thoy lay their one egg daily, which makes an omelette whereby the hungry can live ; but the soul soon sickens of its eternal omelette, and the feathers of tho gold and silver pheasants sparkle in the sun radiantly. What if tho eggs were of the same? Tho chance, to souls sickened of the Dorking omelette, is worth something ! And yet how often that chance turns out to be a mere delu sion and a snare, and poor old Brownie would have been tho better portion after all ! It was such a hen as this which youug Lightfoot let escape, when he gave up his clerk's stool — which at least had its legs of bread-and-butter certain, though the. butter was thin and only Dorset — for the. chance of promotion in India, that land of gold and silver pheasants and all rare fruits and flowers to boot. Tho bird in the hand flew away never to bo recaptured, and the two stately pheasants in the bush just winked at young Lightfoot knowingly, then spread their wings and soared aloft, and left him with his noso to the grindstone and his feet in tho stocks, a spectacle for gods and men to pity or deride, according to their humour. So with Miss Clarissa Manlove. Clarissa had a good fat Dorking(what matter if tho word looks like donkey on paper?) in serviceable leash, when the greatest brewer for twenty miles round made her the offer of his house and heart, if she would share the one. and join hands over the other. Clarissa's father was not a man of many omelettes, nor yet of roasts as daily food ; audtliesilly young woman might have feathered her nest and furnished the spit for tho rest of her natural term, had she but accepted the brewer's friendly offer. But she refused, flying at higher game forsooth. For who but Cashbox the rich banker's handsome son, bad danced with her four times in succession last week at the County ball, and called her a liouri at the end ? (Cashbox had been in tlie East, he said ; I his friends said for him that he had only gone through a severe course of Layard and the Arabian Nights.) Cashbox was a golden pheasant ten thousand strong; and the re spectable brewer with the small eyes and the heavy jowl had not one-twentieth that weight ; still, he was woll enough, and to Clarissa and her household was as a fragrant Plutus daily — rising from his steaming vats. But Miss Clarissa suffered herself to be tempted and led astray. She balanced her books carefully ; but unable to hedge, set her all on the gold, and came out at the wrong end — nowhere ? Cash- box had as much thought of marrying her as of marrying his mother's pretty maid, She was all very well — and he had a great regard for her — and she was a nice girl, with no nonsense about her — a fine dashing sparkling brunette, who danced like an angel, and flirted like a woman — but one's favourite partner for a polka or the Sckottische is not always the wife of one's choice : and so poor Miss Clarissa found to her enduring griof. For the week after she had let her homely Dorking fly, on the chance of snaring the peacock in the hedge, young Cashbox formally announced his engage ment with Miss Muchacre of Much acre, who, in her turn, might have flown at the peerago ogling her from behind the hedge, but who was wise in her generation ; preferring to hold what she had, rather than risk the loss both of what she had and of what she hoped. What was it but the realisation of the same saw when that wrong-headed and conceited jackanapes Penly, the Author, as he was always proclaiming himself — as if authors were black swans in these inky days, and not plentiful as blackberries or house-sparrows — well ! was it not letting slip the bird in the hand, when he refused the one hundred pounds actually offered for his wretched novel, vowing he would take nothing under four times that sum, at lowest? He knew of a certain person, he said, who had praised and appraised his rubbish, and who had counselled him to " stand out ;" so he did stand out. And to this day his novel lies in the right- hand drawer of his study table, unbought, un published, and unknown ! and likely to'reuiain so. Raphael Maulstick did the same thing, poor fellow, when he refused the dealer s hard bar gain, and stood his chance on tho exhibition. It was a hard bargain, no doubt, and yet it was better than none; and so Mrs. Raphael though t when the Hanging Cora mittee returned a polite rejection, and the chanco was lost. The empty cupboard soon held only tho ghosts of hungerand poverty ; and when the children cried for bread, there was nothing for them but their father's paint-box, and the Last Supper done in oils : but not after Da Yinci. The dealer's seven pounds ten would at least have paid for bread; but now—both have gone — both that ugly, disappointing, little bird in the hand, and those other glorious visions in the bush of academic acceptance, loud public notice, and a | lumping sum of gold at the end, enough to cover the canvas an inch thick. Alas ! alas ! that pleasant dreams should have so mean a waking ! Sometimes though, it is good policy to loose the fingers cramped over a titmouse to try after the capture of a fine fat partridge feed ing in the stubble. This is the puzzling part of it. If it were always wisest to hold on — well! we should know the proper course to take on all occasion's; and if it were always the better thing to try for the higher game, then the world wonld spend its days in devising landing-nets and fowling- pieces, and in bring ing the art of capture to the highest point of perfootion. But as it is sometimes the one and sometimes the other, who on earth knows what to do fur certain, and when the right hand holds the key of success, and when the left ? There was old Hunks now : — he bowed and scraped his son into an appoiutment in the Post-office, and thought he had got round to the back of a miracle, no less, when lie had done it. As it w.is, the young fellow was as unfit for his work as if he had been born with stiff knees and made to sit cross-legged. He knew nothing of routine work, and cared nothing for the Post-office ; indeed, he thought I letter-writing a mistake, and her Majesty's' mails might have all foundered between the Mansion House and St. Martin's-le-Grand for anything he would have cared. His soul was in an engine- room, with its arms up to the elbows in steel-filings and railway-grease ; that was where his delight lay, and nothing else could have satisfied him. Still, the post-office was n certainty, and its founda tions were of very solid masonry, while the engine-room was only a possibility, and might be a mere castle in the clouds, turning to raiu and melting away into mist when sought to bo furnished and inhabited. Yet it was such a cherished possibility to him ! — such a pleasant brace of cockatoos hiding behind tho hedge. If he could but lay a little salt on their tails and bag them without more ado ! At all events he would try. So ho gave up the Post-office, stripped off his coai, _nd weut nt it. And though he was old for his work, still he waB young for his hope, and in energy too, and of the nature that enjoys a hunt after hodge birds. It did not take him long to master the great problem ; and when I last heard of him he had caught a whole row of blackbirds — four-aud- twenty of them they said — out there in Spain, where he was seut an engineering to the satisfactory oiling of his chariot wheels. "Everyone has not his luck," grumbled young Lightfoot, with his noss still at the grindstone. Just so ; but then every one has not his energy, his perseverance, or his skill, and is not already consecrate by nature to a neat-handed salt- laying on the tail of the great bird Success. The same kind of thing befel Bounty. Bonnty was taken on at Jones's, to teach the little boys their Gradus ad Parnassum, at a yearly salary representing as many oanyan days as there are days in the year. Bounty's hand just once closed over that unfledged crow, and then flung it away in disdain. A certain pair of nightingales sat in the bay-tree beside him, and they sang such sweet songs of hope and encouragement that Bounty thought the chase not so very desperate a matter — and none the more desperate because challenged. So he, too, went at it with his little wallet of salt — bay salt, Attic Bait, the poet's salt — and he hit their tails with such good aim that ho caught them both — I am bound to add not greatly struggling in their captivity. When he had them they were worth tho holding ; for they were love and fame ; two precious nightingales often singing in the bush to less satisfying results than those' which came to Bonnty when he set out upon the chase ! So it is difficult, is it not, to know which path to choose and by what star to steer P When the sun shines on those hedges round about us, it makes them look all of emeralds and flowers, and the birds within them seem so near and their capture so certain, it would be rank cowardice not to dash out and try. Such a real prize for such a small endeavour ! — the next thing to lying open-mouthed on one's back and letting ripe cherries fall in of themselves. That blinding sunlight of Hope ! how often it fades and fails when tho dark shadow of Ithuriel's spear is thrown aoross If a hricrhtnann ! fin mo time's indeed, it. rrlnron all the mightier for the touch of that magio spear, but in most oases it pales away to nothing, like a glow-worm in the morning, or a watch-fire at noonday — a light never to be rekindled either in this world or the next. In political life, the hand and the bush get but cross-readings for the bush at times. Like a man playing for high stakes, who refuses to net his winniugs on a low number, how often does a politician set aside the lower class honours within his grasp, while aiming at the higher dignities which have the strongest arms in Europo after them. And truly to one to whom the Premiership is the two gold and silver pheasants in the bush, the place of Governor of Victoria, or of Inspector-General of Prisons, iB the wren not to be retained at any price. When one has made oneself up for the Under-Secretaryship, the office of Gentleman-at-Arms is not such a very enticing lure ; though to many it would of oourse be the very time of success. That is as it should be. If it were not for the steps, the whole theory of social life would be at an end, and the counter would stand as high as the wool sack and the clerk's desk would be on a level with the throne. And if it were not for the unsatisfied desires of thoBe who try for ortolans in foreign hedges, the world would go on eating squab-pie made of rooks shot on the premises, and be universally Chinese, and stagnant. If we were all oontent with our possessions, we might proclaim a general strike of progress ; so, though the Two in the Bush are often mocking sinners luring men iuto ditches and bogs and great desolate plains, still they have their uses, and the sons of men would be so much the poorer by their absence. "Nothing venture, nothing win;" that is the converse of the band and the bush. For as there is an intaglio to every relievo, so is tnere a counter-weigni, ana cneoKBinug to every proverb ; human circumstanoe being too complex to admit of single lines, and sim plicity being known to Dresden shepherdesses only. And then but a bad copy. But to go back to politics. Not only individual statesmen playing at loto for portfolios and rooms in Downing- street, but the people too, the mass of the populace, the nation collectively, often loses its bird in the hand by flinging np its cap at the two in the bush. The small bit-by-bit reform that might be had for the asking, and that would solder up broken places, and make rotten corners sound, and sweep out dusty rubbish bins, and do a deal of useful mending and darning — bits of amelioration ready to fall, like ripe pears, it only a child or a summer zephyr shake the boughs — are often postponed for the great radical ohanges, the creations of new conditions, whioh are the two divine possibilities in the bush. The aboli tion of monarchy and the crown of state melted down into porridge-pots ; the House of Lords made into a co-operative store, and the peer's ermine exchaoged for catskin ; neither army 'nor navy alive and astir, bat (only stand ing faotorios and floating ootton-mills taking the sea-breezes ; this is what the madder kind of people want ; and any such pigmy steps as improvements in schools, juster marriage laws, a better manner of conveyauce, well-arranged friendly societies, and the recognition that a man's soul is his own, and that he can carry it into what temple seems to him most suitable for his needs ; all these, and thousands more like to them, your so-called logical radical re former scouts as utterly unworthy his accept ance. As wisely so a hungry man to whom you offered beef and bacou, might shake his head, and say No, Madras curry and Nessol- rode pudding ; nothing loss and nothing meaner ! Many other examples of the one in tho hand and the two in the bush, there are. The wisdom or folly of making for the bush is according generally to the amouut of skill in our own right arms, to the straightness of our eyes, tho strength of our biceps, and the accuracy with which we can throw a stone or a casting net. Unless we have all these qualifications, we had best be content with what we hnve and make the most of it, than lose our all in. a madcap chase after the unattainable and the impossible ! 