TELEGRAMS. (From our own Correspondent). SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, November 28. Allott, Colton, and Solomon are candidates for the Mayoralty. Gowling, the Emigration Lecturer in England, is dead. Mr. Bundey has been entertained at a dinner by his constituents. He has asserted his attention to uphold the local authorities in the Territory. ADDITIONAL TELEGRAMS. Minister for Northern Territory declined to interfere with the question of bringing back horses from Port Essington. Directors of Winn’s New Gold Mining Company resolved to wind up and offer plant for sale. SOUTHPORT, A teamster named Phillips has been found dead on the road, his team being close by. He came from the Palmer by the Atjeh. The Dramatic Club’s entertainments have not been so successful financially as they ought to have been, for the acting has been decidedly good, and the performances have been better managed than on any previous occasion. The comedy farce “Woodcock’s Little Game” passed off very well, as a part of the first night’s entertainment. But the best pieces chosen by the Club were decidedly the others—“The Spectre Bridegroom” and “A Model Husband.” The characters were well sustained in both pieces, and some of the acting was really very good. Simon Shanky was quite a success in the one piece, and Dickory also did well in the other piece. Mr. Nicodemus looked his part well, and was quite melancholy enough for the occasion, though he was rather stiff, which is not necessary, we imagine, in “ghostes” though it may be in “corpseses.” Captain Pearce sang one or two songs very well on the first evening, and Mr. Durand finished up with his local song on the second evening. The audience on both occasions was rather a small one. The Northern Light returned from Port Essington on Saturday last, bringing a quantity of trepang which had been collected there, and also eight or nine horses belonging to the late expedition. Several of those horses are Mr. Lewis’s, so that some portion of the recent indignation was a little premature. The Mining Commission concluded its labors on Tuesday, after several months’ sittings, during which 55 leases have been recommended to be granted. We understand that the Government Resident has instructed Mr. J. G. Knight, C.E., to prepare forthwith plans for a substantial ship jetty, providing for a depth of 20 feet at dead low water. This will afford berthing accomodation for the largest vessels to lie alongside at any time of tide. The timber for the proposed structure will be ordered by the outgoing mail. It is intended to use jarrah wood from Western Australia, it being one of the few kinds of timer which have been found by experience to resist the ravages of the teredo and other destructive marine worms. We are glad to be able to state that the bridge on the road to the goldfields, at the crossing, Birrell’s Creek, is now open to public traffic. It has been constructed in the most substantial manner by Mr. F. B. Oldham, and will doubtless prove a great boon to teamsters. Another bridge, having a span of 75 feet, has been put over Bridge Creek—this is quite a massive structure, and its erection has been entrusted to Mr. W. McNamee, the Government Engineer, Mr. J. G. Knight being in all cases responsible for the design. Preparations are in hand for building a bridge over the Howley, and a large quantity of timber is already prepared. We believe it is the intention of the Government Resident to keep the two road parties permanently employed in improving the lines of traffic to the reefs, so we may hope that by the next wet season teams will be able to traverse the roads without any serious hindrance. The doubt which existed as to which was the grave of Mr. Mc Lachlan, who was buried a year or two ago in the cemetery, has been removed by the opening of several graves, so as to admit of the coffin being identified. This has enabled the friends of the deceased to place the tombstone which was imported some time ago in its proper situation. The Hon. A Blyth recently stated in the House of Assembly that the Overland Telegraph charges are to be reduced from 14s. to 10s. per ten words; but that he could not say at what date the new regulation would come into force. It appears from Adelaide papers that £100 has been given to the Palmerston Hospital by Miss Da Costa. We learn that the Adelaide Parliament have voted a sum of money to pay the expenses of Mr. Skresfud, the missionary from the Sonthals, during a proposed visit to the Northern Territory, where he is anxious to secure land for immigrants. Great complaints are made that no pound has yet been established by the District Council for Palmerston. Horses and cows stray about all night and occasionally take up their lodgings under verandahs, and even in the dwelling rooms of houses where the doors are left open. Fancy a cow or a horse (to say nothing of night mares) disturbing the repose of respectable families by intruding into their very bedrooms. On Saturday evening, November 21, a meeting called by placard, was held at Edwards’s to consider the desirability of presenting an address to Mr. Conner, Chief Warden, on the eve of his leaving the Northern Territory; Mr. Durand in the chair. Mr. W. V. Smith read the address which had been prepared and hoped it would be adopted without dissent. Mr. J. Jones seconded and spoke in praise of Mr. Conner, although the Northern Territory Times had always trampled upon him, and there was still a difference of £5 between them on the subject of a libel case. Mr. Wells asked if that £5 was going to be paid back, and suggested, with regard to the address, that it should be simply signed by those who were in favor of it, as it was not necessary or usual to obtain an expression of opinion from public meetings (which might be misused) on so private a matter. Mr. G. M. Newman opposed the address, on the ground that Mr. Conner had been a regular failure as a Warden, and had done a great deal of harm in countenancing and supporting the Palmerston Jumping Association, though he liked him as a man. Mr. Skelton thought a mere written address was of no value to anybody, and suggested a chronometer or a purse of soveriegns. (Dissent.) Mr. Smith replied, and made an eulogistic speech in favor of Mr. Conner, contending that a public meeting was the proper mode of proceeding. Mr. Skelton then moved an amendment in favor of a substantial testimonial; but was not seconded, and the resolution in favor of the address was put to the meeting and carried, twenty-five hands being held up in favor of it, and six or seven against it. After some persons had signed the address the meeting separated. THE following are the batting averages of those members of the Palmerston Cricket Club, who have played in three or more matches during the past season. Owing to the want of proper scoring-books no analysis of the bowling has been kept, but it is hoped this defect will he remedied next season:— Name of Batsman. Graham, W. H. Hardcastle, A Hughes, O....... Manson, W« ... Martin, W. H. Morgan, G. .«. McMullen, J.... Olifent, E. Perkins, C. I). Philcox, F....... Richards, J. N. Rudall, J. .. Smith, W. ». Smith, V. F. Smith, J. Vi ... H 96 129 84 54 42 21 49 15 103 5 88 12 14 8 92 42 67« l8 14 20 7 16 7 24 2 »1 5 31 9 8 0 8 32 0!20 ?Not out. One of Mr. Price’s servants, lately arrived by the Gothenburg, and named Joanna Whatley, died suddenly yesterday. It is generally supposed that the cause of death was apoplexy. Another sudden death, it will be seen, occurred on the road to the reefs. A sale of gifts in aid of the Wesleyan Church, commenced yesterday in Barclay’s room, and will be continued to day. Cohen & Solomon report that during the last two months a fair amount of business has been done in general merchandise, the demand for stores and articles of every-day consumption being brisk at good prices. Ales, wines, and spirits have also been in good demand. They have held several sales by auction of general merchandise, for which there was brisk competition. Mr. Skelton was yesterday bitten by snake which caused severe illness for some time. The Colonial Surgeon and Dr. Guy on Friday held a post-mortem examination on the body of the young woman Whatley, who died suddenly that day; and they came to the conclusion that no inquest waa necessary, as it was clear that death had resulted from apoplexy. On the subject of emigration to North Australia, Mr. Bundey made the following remarks in a recent speech:—“The item of £500 for assisted immigration was for paying ing the passage of a Moravian missionary to the Northern Territory and back again. Mr Goode waited upon Mr. Dutton in reference to the gentleman who resided in India and had charge of a large tribe called Santhals. Mr. Goode strongly urged the Agent-General to recommend the Government to accept the offer, and the result was this sum had been placed on the Estimates. The recommendations of the rev. gentleman were most favourable, and he said he believed that if he obtained a grant of land he could bring a number of these Santhals to the Northern Territory, and that their settlement there would be most advantageous to the country. So if this item was passed it would be one step towards progress.” It is now supposed, says an Adelaide paper, that the sun is much less than 95 millions of miles distant from the earth. It is expected that the observations of the transit of Venus across the sun’s disc, which will take place on December 9 next, will enable astronomers to make satisfactorily accurate calculations on the point in question. About a month ago one of the men named George Vickery, employed by the Telegraph Department at Newcastle Waters, was moving his carbine when it accidentally discharged itself, and the ball passed in beneath the chin of the unfortunate man and came out at the crown of his head. The result was, of course, instant death. We are informed that the small steamboat which is to trade between Southport and Port Darwin is about to leave Melbourne for this place. She is about 16 tons register, and is said to be well constructed. 