; /THE ESCAPED COMMUNISTS. Tjie esoupo from Now .Caledonia of such moti as Kooheixhit, Pascal, . Ghohssot, Pahuieue, nml D'Hille is fraught with clangor to tlio tangibility Franco, unci wo shrewdly suspect tho m uiuir.ii TVT i/ixi i iiav J, iCOIVlUllbj aiKiugiuvit AiisiViiU.luvjii itib anything but comfortable when tho news reached him, as it must have ddno through tho Consul at Sydnoy, via sub- mnrino telegraph, .that tlio ablest vovp- | ' . lutionary pen -in or out of Fri'uieo'wus . Jreo to assail not only his own charactor and position, but that tlio eelcbratod ' editor ol' tho Lit Lunternc would soon bo . at his old worlr, bached by such, men as ' Grousbet and his oscapod brother Com munists, and wo may soon expect to hoar of La-Jjniternc in Bolgium or Prus- sia, troin oittior or wnicn couiitrios its iiiflamintiblo articles will bo pourod into France, arraigning with most potent arguments and irrofragiblo- accusations, . the conduct of tlio " powers that bo " before llio bar 'of public opinion. Mac- , mahox will bo tho first to bo dragged ... before tluit tribunal by llouitEi'oitT, his conduct, as Gonuniiiuler-in-Chiof of tho armies of Franco, dissected with no very scrupulous hand, and ho will be . classed in tho same category of traitor ous 'Marshals as Basjaixe, whom, ,wo havo no doubt.' it will lie attempted to be shown, ho was not ono wliit less to bluilic, in so far as bo surrendered 'bis army at Sodan becauso ' ho was t outnumbered, and Bazaikk being circumstanced at Motz, only did tho same- McMauon will bo cailed over the coals for not supporting General Douay ut Wcisscinburg And fpr allowing bis subordinate to occupy nn im portant position with an insufficient force; as well as for bis total want of combination, liis misorablo organisation oflines of com- lnnnicfttioa . with . tho dill'orent corps d'nrmccs, and permitting himself to bo . : cuuglit lilhi a rat in a trap when bo bad to .surrender. Bazaine did nothing jnovo culpable, but Franco wanted a p si up'o goat," mid Bazaine was soloctpd to 'do duty. Franco always wants and | . finds asuai>o-goat, whon she gets tho woi-st i of if — tbo luitionulyaiiity must bo fed ; every reverse to 'vjjjjn. .French arms is' Bystemaiionlly. atti'TOuted to anylbing, but Ibo enemy's protvoss, Bonapabtk t ' always throw tbo hlaino of bis' dofoat upon bis generals. Even at Waterloo " tbo fatal precipitancy of Marshal Ney " in attaching, according to Napoleon's orders, tlio British at Quntro Bras, lost liiin tbo battlo. Europo socs anil laughs at llio wrctchod attempt made I13' Franco to uccount -for the frightful licking- she got from Prussia, and bor folly iij coiuloniniiig Bazaine will no doubt bo pilloriod by ItooniU'oiiT in a way that will awalcon tbo -pooplo to somothiug' liho a sonso of tbo silly iiguro they cut in this particular in tbo eyes of other nations. Tbo groat fault of tlio French commanders was that each fought 011 bis own booh ; unliho tbo Prussians, they novor supported oacli other. -Each was trying .to bo glorious ou bis own account — there was 110 bond. Marshal Macximion was simply a fighting gonoral ; ho had no powor of combination, and tho only men in Franco who showed any military talont wero Cuaunsy and -Failhehhe. who gave tho Germans inoro trouble than all tlio Frcnclimon " with muskets in thoir bauds," for tlioy could scarcoly bo called armies, did tlio wholo of tho campaign. That Rooiiefout will Toviow tho chief actors in it slmrply and power fully, wo feel satisfied. Every gonoral of uoto will pass beforo Jiirn liho Banquo's ghosts, and though tho " glass will show hiui ninny more" lio will confiuo bimsolf to analysing tho protousions of those who havo condomncd Bazaine and showing them up in thciir true qolours. Tliopop- ulnr mind of Franco will bo directed by tlio escaped Communists, lrom tho frontiors of either Belgium or Gorimmy despite tlio cll'orts of the French Government- to pro- vent it. Of all men RocriEFOitT was tlio most dangerous and - obnoxious to the Govornmont. His cscapo was evidently well planned and carrioil otit with tho full huowlodgo of tho Noumea Officials, who wore doubtless 'well paid for it. Mon of such notoriety as Rociiefokt, Pascal, Groussst, Baliaeiih, aud D'Hille, could ont ail cscapo the vigilance of tlio warders, noithor could tho captsliu of tho vessolin which tliej' escaped' liavo boon ignorant of tbo frcif/ht lie was carrying. The ' Govornor of.Now Calodonia, besides being deprived of liis appointment, will in al- probability bo brought to a sharp account by tlio French Governmont for liis con- duct in tbo aflhir. The. -laws of oxl tradition only extend to criminals, not to political offenders, neither do wo imagine Franco will euro to cnforco them in Belgium, or, try them in Gormuny, and Englnnd is out of the quostion. 