"MODERN MIRACLES." (from the times, march 27.) The " modern miracles " wrought by Messrs Maskelyne and Cooke in their new programme introduced in this week at the Egyptian-hall may be truthfully characterised as extra- ordinary, inexplicable, and surprisng. Effects are produced, not only without any apparent, but absolutely without any aonceivable cause. In the Ulov place, there is in this peoformance no question as to trustworthiness of testi mony or the competency of observers ; because the "manifestations" occur, not in the presence of a few "believers," " sceptics," or " inquirers " shut up in a private room, but in public, before the eyes of a ball full of witnesses, each one of whom can satisfy himself or herself by walking on to the stage, and inspecting and examining at every step in tbe proceedings. In fact, the audience virtually impose their orfl guarantees, and institute every posih)0 precaution against fraud, so conclusions are irresistibly forced upon tne spectators — nrst, tat it is phy sically-impossible thrat the effects can be produced by the two performers who are bound hand and foot in the nv. sterious cabinet ; and, second, it is equally impossible that the effects can ba pro- S . eIs0' H«ca the baffling and insoluble nature of tb e prob lem presented by the ringing A hells playing of nftjsioal instrument ' of " spirit W, „nd ghost forms," with' other startling phenomena under these conditions. There is so much of general similarity between one so called " Davenport " ex hibition and another that, without going into some detail, it is impossible to convey an adequate idea of the wonderful nature of what is done by Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke. We will therefore describe as accurately as we can oue out of the many feats they accomplished. The per former is seated in a cabinet, or cupboard, which is minutely inspected inside and out, and is watched round, underneath, and above by any number of people from the audience, so that no assistance of any kind whatever can possibly be applied from without. Each wrist is tightly tied round with thick cord or rope, and is by the same rope, and with only one knot between, tied close to an iron eye or staple, which is bolted to the seat. The tying is done, not by tho performer or by a confederate but by any person from the audience. Then the knots are sealed, so that they cannot be loosened iu the slightest degree without detection; the iron staple is sealed, so that it cannot be with drawn from tbe seat without cracking the wax; and sealing wax is also applied to the junction of the seat with, the woodworK of the cabinet, so that the seat cannot be moved without dis covery. Nevertheless, upon the gas lights being turned down (in order to hide the modus operandi ) the porformer's coat is instantaneously removed and conveyed to any person wuo cans ior it. We say, instantanoously. In other words, the coat is off and across the stage in three or four seconds from the time when the audience lose sight ef the performers. The g»s is then im mediately turned up again, when the performer in seen in his shirt sleeves, with both arms bound exactly as before. Here, the marvel is that, as proved by the precautions taken, there has been no disconnexion of the performer's bands from the seat, and the coat, therefore, connot have come off in the usual way ; yet it certainly does not come off in any other way, because it is a common unso phisticated dress-coat, examined and marked both before and after the flying feat by any number of persons in the audience. If anybody can suggest any better guarantees and precautions. Mr Maskelyne appeals to the company to iry them. 