IN THE BARBER'S SHOP Bl FIGARO. "I have gathered a nosegay of flowers, nod there is nothing of my own but the string that Lies them."-MONTAIONE. SSHALL not trespass on the border line between truth and falsehood if I assert that nine-tenths of the opinions I heard expressed, before his doing so, were against Mr Francis retiring from the posi tion of Chief Secretary. After he had resigned, the other tenth joined in ex pressing regret that his retirement should have been necessitated by the precarious state of his health. It must have been exceedingly gratifying to Mr Francis to have heard, or read, all the kindly sym pathising things that were said of him by all manner of men. I am not quite sure, however, whether the eulogy hasn't been to some slight extent overdone. For, after all, Mr Francis is but human; whilst to justify everlytling that has been spoken and printed about him, he would require to be something more. Still, he is so really good a politician that even those who differ most from his views can honestly hope that his enforced retirement firom the political arena will be but tem porary. The political quidnunes have been puzzling their poor addled brains as to the why of the downfall of the Ministry. It came so unexpectedly, when all seemed plain sailing, that they are fairly be wildered how to account for it. And in all their guesses they have been wide of the mark-never even approached it near enough to have the encouraging assurance shouted in their ears, "You burn!" I have found out the reason, and hasten to publish it, lest some one should forestall nme--for it is as simple as simple can be; and everyone when they hear it will exclaim, " Of course, I can't think how I didn't see it." "The invention nil admired, And each how he to be the inventor missed, So easy that seemed once found, which yet unfound MIost would hlavo deemed impossible.' \iell, then, to put -you out .of your sus pense, I declare that the cause of the fall of the Francis Government was--thle Comnet! Youlaugh incredulously. Well, just consider tlhe influence the moon exerts upon the sea (causing the tides), upon lunatics (making them worse), and upon fish (turning them into poison); and then condemn me for being wildly extravagant -if you can-in believing that it was the Comet overturned the Ministerial coach. Anyhow, I consider that quite as good a reason as any other I have heard. Speaking of the Comet, can you tell me the difference between that "interesting stranger" and the ghost of Hamlet's father? D'yo give' it up? Answer-The ghost, said, " Icould a tale unfold," the Comet does unfold a tail-and that fifty one million miles long! The ghost's wouldn't have been as long as that,if it had unfolded it, you bet! I was promiscuously thrown into the company of a gentleman the other day who was to me a perfect stranger. He and I were for some quarter of an hour or so the only passengers in a public vehicle. Neither of us spoke to the other, but the peculiarity of his conduct attracted my notice. I am not a "mad" doctor, nor a doctor of any kind, but I think I have a fair share of common-sense observation. And the conclusion I arrived at with respect to my fellow-passenger was, that he had what is popularly known as "a tile loose." After he got out, I asked the driver if he knew who that gentleman was, and from the information afforded me I found my surmise was not very wide of the mark. IHe-my fellow passenger, not the driver-had recently committed an offence against the laws which guard property that involved his incarceration as alunatic at the Cremorne Asylum. There were those who at the time questioned his insanity; but after this accidental en counter with him, I myself have no doubt about it. Another deficiency in the law wmas given prminence to last week, in a case heard in the County Court-a deficiency which, I venture to assert, is a stinging burlesque on what we are so often pleased to de nominate "our advanced stage.of civilisan tion." A young woman sued a foul mnouthed matn for applying to her terms implying that she. was a person of easy virtue; but she had to submit to be non suited. Not because the follow didn't use the words complained of-oh, dear no! but simply because they were not action able-huless "special damage" could be proved. Which means; I believe, unless the plaintiff could show that the applica tion of them to her had resulted mn a money loss, or a falling off in business, or I euppose-in the refusal of any one to whom she might possibly have been en gaged to be married to carry out his engagement. But I hold that a woman to whom unchastity is imputed should be able to sue for that slander altogether apart from whether she has sustained any material damage or not. For in fact, to a pare, sensitive-minded woman, I can easily imagine that tlhe moral damage ot such a gross accusation would be far more keenly felt than the other kind. None could more readily appropriate. the sentiment of the Shaksperian lines: " Who steals my purse steals trash; B3ut he tlha lflilcho?es from me iny good nmo Robs me of that which enriches not him, And makes me poor indeed." I.ant glad, therefore, that His HIlonour Judge Rogers. said "it had always appeared strango to him that no provision had been made in our laws giving redress to women who weoro slandered i, ?uchs,a manner, and expresscd, oliniop thit: ?iuch pro vision oulghtt.o: baad$. .!t'-xth which opeinioon I in nsordally agr:ee " Mon come ?i oqihass?g og: privt o tion and djs 'j thdiseases gndere tlsereb, ,sii ie on sp~"it.ef'ij ... -"? ;vhi4? to acme~dhagqoZhesnm others hn?a ,pihed oe sde who are sliIl t w ss-~v~to the' medical 4d' Immi grants committeo, again dr nie to theover. erowded tion, and the '-'a, 4; consequent impossibility of fairly treating the sick. Tb which I cannot help saying, "And this was in a Christian land!"-in a land where we vaingloriously boast there need be no poor-in a land in which we declare there is no necessity for, and there shall not be instituted, a system of poor law relief. Is there not something that would be positively ludicrous, were it not so serious, in refusing to legislate for that .poverty which all our blow and bluster is unable either to prevent or hide ? 1 am thoroughly sick of such sentimental hum bug as that of calling what is to all intents and purposes a poor-house an "Immi grants' Home!" and of pretending to be lieve that such poverty does not exist in our midst as the extract which commences this paragraph indicates. To myself who have long earned a by no means small amount of obloquy for my advocacy of a system of legal state relief for the poor, and for my frequently expressed belief that" to that complexion must we come at last "-it is some comfort and consola tion to find so prominent a statesman as Mr. Francis coming rouhd to my way of thinking. Some few weeks since he told a deputation from the Home that "it was a misnomer for them to call the place an Immigrants' Homeo-which was, in fact, nothing more nor less than a poor house;" adding-"l I cannot refrain from saying that the time is fast approaching when we will be compelled to pass a poor law to meet the wants of the mendicant class." And the sooner the better, Mr. PFrancis, say I, more especially in the face of such a terrible revelation as the foregoing. Years ago, when I lived in a large manu facturing town in England, Sunday was the chief day for interments. I don't think I should be far wrong in asserting that more bodies were buried on the first, than on all the other days of the week put togother. I believe this was partially perhaps mainly-owing to the fact that on Sunday the "last tribute of respect" could be paid by the working classes to their deceased friends without the neces sity of losing half a day's work. I have kno~vwn more than one clergyman express his dislike to this arrangement, as making the Sabbath to him a day of too much toil; and I have heard thnem puoblicly give utterance to the wish that their friends would, if at all possible, avoid the practico. But never did I know one of them to back up his objection with the assertion that the practice was "a desecration of the Sabbath." It was reserved for four Wil- liamstown clergymen in this year of grace 1874, to make this astounding discovery; and they have resolved to put their theory into practice, for they have declared that in future "they will attend no funeral on the Lord's Day in the following circum stances:-(l) In cases where the person died before late on Thursday night, as in these instances there is ample time to.have the funeral past before Sunday; and (2) in cases where the person died on Satur day, as there is no necessity under ordi nary circumstances to inter before Mon day. But in cases where there is a clear necessity we will not object to attend the funeral on Sunday; only we recommend all to be well assured that there is neces sity before thev use the Sabbath for such a jpurpose." May I point out to the Revs. John Clark, George Wilkinson, J. John Halley, and John Harcourt, the signers of the document from which I have extracted the above, that their ipsee dxit is hardly snuflicient to convince me that what they stigmatise as Sabbath desecration is really such? 'Do these gentlemen know that in England not funerals only, but christen ings and marriages, are celebrated on the Sunday without any idea of the day being thereby desecrated? Do they themselves refuse to baptise on that day? And if not,whereinis baptism not Sabbathdesecra tion and burying is? MRay I further sug gest to them that the right to christen us, to marry us, and to bury us, which the clergy have so long practically claimed as a portion of.their duties-and for which they do not forget to charge handsome fees--is likely to be scrutinised though such conduct as that of the quartette of persons I am referring to; and do they think it can stand such scrutiny ? fail to find anything in the New Testament which justifies the right claimed by the clergy to perform these ceremonies; and unless they can thus justify it, they do unwisely in taking action such as that of these Wil liamstown clergymen, for it is sure to pro voke inquiry into the subject, which may end in the dispensing with their services altogether. I should have thought the charging of double fees for interments on Sindays-as I believe is done by the trustees of most cometerios- would have been a suolicient check against using that day for the purpose, without raising the bugbear of Sabbath desecration. I must say that I am surprised at seeing one of the names oin that list. I had thought that Mr. Halley was more liberal-minded. 