NOTJiS OF THE CHURCH. Unity, iSanctity and Catuolicity, Ih/ the Jii'i-. J. MnrCinmu. I. Tliu unity of tlio Cliuich throughout all time owea its elTout on the iuiagiuation to the uoutrast it seems to present with the endless variations of human opinion, especially in the regions of higher speculation. While the am bitious intellect has been visited by a thousand perishable dreams, and has constructed worlds out of the frostwork on its windows till the next sunshine melted them away ; while puiiosopiiers auu uuioaico wimiuuu uuhiucl uiivu put forth their gaudy blossom in the morning, and withered before night — the one thing that lias been jiatieiit through it all, and iinchanged alike by fancy or by force, has been, it is said, the teaching and worship of the fJhurch. 'Die vorv creeds that arc on the lips to-day, the very prayers that take up the yearnings of the heart, have been cliarged with the faith and piety of Ambrose ami Chrysostoni, of Benedict and St. Francis, of Alcuiii and Bernard. This per sistency, it is urged, belongs to the immuta bility of Cod, and shows that we are hero ivithin the compass of the divine thought, . which has no shadow of turning ; not of the liumau, which is as the passing cloud. "In the unity of tlie Church's doctrines," says Bal- inus, " pervading as it docs all her instruotions, and the number of great minds which this unity has always enclosed within her bosom, wo find a phcnouiemm so extraordinary, that its eijual caniiot be found elsewhere, and that no effoi't of reason can explain it according to the'natural .onler of human things. It is cer tainly not now in the history of the human liiiiid for a iloetriiie, more or less reasonable, for a time to ho professed by a certain number of learned ami enligliteiicil iiion : this has been shown ill schools of philosophy both ancient and modern. But for a creed to maintain itself for. many ages hy preserving the adhesion of men of learning of all times and of all countries — of minds dilfering amongst each other on otliur points ; of men opxiosed in interests and divulod by rivalries— is a pheiiomenoii new, itni(|ue, and not to bo found anywhere but in the Catholic Church. It hjis always been and still is the practice of the Church, while one of faith and doetriue, to teach uiiceiusingly ; to ex cite discussion on all subjects ; to promote the study and examinatioii of the foundations on which faith itself reposes ; to scrutinize for this purpose the ancient languages, the monuments of the remotest times, the documents of history, the discoveries of soiciitifie observation, the lessons of the highest and most analytical .sciences ; and to present herself with a generous eonfideiiee in the great lyeoums, where men re plete ivith talents and knowledge concentrate, as in a focus, all that they have learned from their predecessors, and all that they themselves have eollectcd : and nevertheless wo_ see her always persevere with firmness in her faith and and the unity of her doctrines ; we see her always' surrounded by illustrious men, who. ivitli their brows crowned with laurels of a Jiundred literary contests, humble themselves, trampiil and serene, before her, without fear of dimming the brightness of the glory which sur rounds their heads." Before accepting the challenge to account for this magnificent iirodigy, we must first assure ourselves of its reality, and, if it exists, must measure its amount. 'I'hat through the life of the! Church there has pei-sisted a certain com mon essence of sentiment, never _ lost amid secbiidary changes, and that to this common essence is due the allegiance of groat and good minds to Christianity, is beyond doubt ; but with this central ' genius of the religion _to idoutify the characteristics of the Bomish Church, as if they were its ©luivalent in per- inanciiec aud power, is to contradict the whole course of Christian history. If Clement of Uome could be recalled to the scone of his laljours, and jilaeed before the high altar of St.' .Fetur's to-day, do you think he would find him self at home, and know when to kneel, and when to bow, or even dimly guess the meaning of it all? Or if, before Clemeut of Alexandria, you could lay the Tridentiiie Decrees, would they , so speak to his habitual thought and faith, that you could count on his siguiiig them with Joyful assent Ifotoriously there is neither dogma nor rite in the system of the Church, which has not a long history to tell of its growth into settled form. It took two eonturiea and alhalf to, determine the relation of the Sou of' God' to the Father; nor will any one who is even slightly actuainted with the anti-Is'ieene literature affirm that Athanasius would have been content with the doctrinal professions of Justin Martyr, Iremcus, and Tertulliau ; all of whom, in their " eeouomy " of the divine nature, : distinctly suliordinated the Second Member of the Trinity to the First. For three centuries more, it remained unsettled Avhether Christ had more than one nature and one will; the forces of opinion swaying to and fro for "cnerations before a predominaiiee was won, and opposition driven from the . field. How little coiieord had been reached respecting the Third Person of the Trinity, more than fifty yriars after the Couiieil of Nioiea, Gregory 'Nazianzeii tells us in these words Of our thoughtful men, some regard the Holy Siiirit as an operation, some as a creature, some as God ; while others are at a loss to decide, seeing that Scripture determines nothing on the subject. A year later, the hare phrase of the original Niceuo Creed, "I believe in the Holy Ghost," was 'enriched at the Council of Oonstantiuople by the added attributes, "the Lord, the Giver of life, that proceehoth from the Father; that with the Father and the Sou is womhipped aud glorified ; that spake by the prophets ;" aud not till the year 589, ami then only in Spain, was the recital introduced, that the Holy Spirit proceeded from the Son as well as from the Father. ' . ! Similarly, only for a far longer tune, did the conception of Christ's remain indeterminate and variable ; so that, even as late as the time of Ansleiii who died 1109), it entered upon a new stadium of its history, and lost the character istic features of its patristic prototype. In both doctrines, indeed, it was taught that Christ had paid the ransom which rescued men from the Sowers of hell ; but when we ask to whom he ad paid it, Irenmus and Origeu, Augustine aiid Gregory of Ffyssa, reply, that it was paid to tte Devily -who, by his successful offer of jepptatioas, l4ad becoR)<f absolute' poprietor o men, but who forfeited his right by being him self tempted 'to put to death the Son of God, and, having fallen into this trap, was obliged to surrender his spoil. Ansleni, on the other hand, denying the Devil's claim altogether, transfers the debt to the righteousness of God, to which, he con tends, the sacrifice of Calvary renders more than an equivalent for the sins of men. NVhile the later doctrine superseded the earlier, it could not secure its own position, but served as the starting-point of a new polemic, in which Abelard, Duns Scotus, and Thomas Aquinas appeared on opposite sides; No part of the Church system carries more definite pretensions to a supernatural character than its gi'oup of mcmmeiii'i. They are its in stituted vehicles of grace, or securities from sin, intrusted to the charge of its eonsecrated ministers, and withheld from the people at the peril of their salvation. Yet their number, their mode of administration, nay, their very idea, remained undetermined for more than a millenium ; and first attained to some exactitude ill the hands of Peter Lombard. Even in the ease of the earliest and least disputed of the Christian rites, a different construction was put upon its very essence after eight ceiiturie.s of usage. .Pope Zachary had declared about 742) an invocation of the Trinity essential to its validity. But, when the difficult task of coii- vei'biiig and baptizing the Bulgarians had to bo aceomplisliccl, Pope Nicholas 1. (A.D. 858—807) waived this condition, and pronounced baptism in the name of Christ to be sufficient. In John of Damascus in the first half of the eighth century) we find but the two Protestant sacra ments ; ill the Dionysian books, probably l.'olonging to the same century, there are six ; aud in a similar enumeratiou a little later, Theodore Studita gives a sacramental place to monkish vows. These facts are but samples of endless varia tions, constituting in their succession the very substanoe of oeelesiastieal history. So undeui aide are they, that, to cover them and take them up into its adoption, |the Church has in vented its theory of "development," aceording' to which the ever-living oracle resei'ves its judgment upon a doctrine bill the contradictious aud uontroversies of men require that the truth should lie rescued from peril, and planted among sacred things : so that there is, for each dogma, a period when it is emerging from its germ, and throwing out its life in tentative forms. And only whc.n, at last, it has struggleci into the explicit thought of Christendom, does the divine interpreter define the form in which it is to set. Thenceforth nothing but unity is found. If this be so, then the life of each doctrine is sharply divided into two periods by the verdict of the Churoli, lying freely epou to doubt and variation prior to that verdict, but, from the moment when the judge has spoken, closed againft tlie interrogating intellee;;, and registered among the conditions of salvation. .Ijiviiig in the former period, you may go wrong without offeiioe ; living in. the latter, your heterodoxy is perdition : under the very same conditions of thought, your relations to God are inverted. The defiuihious of the Church have thus the effect, not of simply ileelaring, bub of constantly altering, tlie terms of aeccptance with God : and if, being in error, you die the day before a Vatican tlecree, you may pass to the seats of the blessed; if the day after, you join the Devil aud his augels. ( To be mut'mue.d. ) 