BE-BOTTLING DRAMAS. (From the Entr' Acte.) IT 'is '? rumoured ' that thc. .Veteran adapter Boucicault is revamping tho old-time play Venice Preserved, und proposes to bring out in rapid succession Boucicaultized versions of the Rival Queens,' June Shore, The Fair Penitent, and other venerable relies of the drama of a bygone age. There will naturally arise in many minds the ingenious supposi- tion that in his old age Boucicault has become too lazy to continue translating his original dramas from the French, and that he now simply proposes to employ the easier and scarcely less transparent device of attaching his name to plays which have been shelved for a century, and almost forgotten by every- body except bookworms. He is old and rich ; plays of which he claims the author- ship arc eagerly grasped at by managers, and he now desires fame rather than money. Hence he proposes to show to an admiring world the transcendent skill with which his ineffablc genius can polish and perfect the crude gems of such tyros in dramatic art as Congreve, Farquhar, Beaumont, Fletcher, Massinger, and possibly even Shakspeare. Indeed, we do not altogether despair of see- ing a Boucicaultian Hamlet, with an Irish song by the Ghost, or an Othello, with Emilia as a funny woman from Cork. It can never be fully realised how imperfect the old dramas were until we have enjoyed the luxury of seeing them improved by Mr. Boucicault. He will not only supply them with an abundance of representative of the " ould sod," without which, as he has so clearly demonstrated, no play can be com- plete, but he will be enabled to intersperse them with witticisms, gems of thought, and pretty naughtiness which cannot fail to en- hance their attractions and increase his fame us an original writer. Under the magic of his touch plays might be made to blossom with enough of French suggestiveness to suit modern tastes. There is scarcely a limit assignable to the possibilities before this great compounder and rectifier of dramas in the material upon, which he has now commenced working, and we await with expectation the beginning of his new course of experiments upon thc ancients. True, there is a scriptural warning against putting " old wine in new bottles," but in this case we have no reason to fear but the wine will be sufficiently diluted and changed in character to avert all danger. 