f PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in tho place where I am demanded of conscieiico to speak the truth, and, theroforo, tho truth I speak, impugn it whoso bat" MONDAY, MAY i, 1874. During the past week -we have pub- lished letters from correspondents who, ?with varying fortune, have tested Mr. Foster's powers as a so-called medium. As it is very generally known, this gentleman professes to call up " spirits " from the vasty deep," and then under- takes to interpret their utterances to ears less nicely attuned than his own. For the small price of one guinea he will ransack the land of shadows, and essay to produce any particular ghost Yvhich may be in demand with punctuality and despatch. Judged by the communi- cations we havo referred to, however, his success is by no means uniform. Whether the spirits aro out, or asleep, or disinclined to bo disturbed, or other- wise engaged when called on, we are unable to say, but certain it is that they do_not always respond to Mr. Foster's invitation to como up or down, as the case may be, and be catechised. "A " Lady," yy_o opened tho ball, was very highly favoured, no less than twenty two disembodied intelligences having attended at her bidding, ono of whom -"a spirit of great beauty and power" was good enough to confirm her faith by snatching a handkerchief from her grasp, elevating it towards the ceiling, and dropping it on the table Yvithin reach neatly tied in three knots, with the private mark " turnod out to view." " Investigator" affirms that ho has wit- nessed many manifestations of a still moie remarkable character. Amongst other things it is declared that " a well " known Melbourne litterateur, a tho " roughpaced sceptic, receivod through " Mr. Foster's hand the autograph sig " nature of a dead relative ; ' while a hard-headed legislator was puzzled and perplexed by seeing a chair bearing down upon bim " without any ap " parent motive force-a phenomenon " which, Yvo are assured, " proved only the " beginning of a chapter of wonders." Against the positive testimony, howover, of these Yvitnesses to the truth of Mr. Foster's pretensions, wo must put the negative evidence of two other corres- pondents who havo addressed us on the subject. Mr. Louis L. Lewis did not succeed in getting a single correct answer, and " H. G. T." was not much I more lucky, only having succeeded in eliciting a truthful reply iu one solitary instance. j But it may be urged that non-success in this orthat case does not entirely invali- date the claims of the various mediums to recognition. Wo admit the force of this argument in respect to some of the manifestations, but with regard to those which profess to havo a spiritual origin, Yve consider that one failuro overthrows the theory. Wo certainly should think the other phenomena produced worthy of attentive and patient investigation, were it not that there is a certain characteristic which repels all sensible inquirers, and makes íational men turu from the contemplation of the so-called wonders with a shrug a sneer. In the first place, those who profess to be possessed of Yvhat are called mediumistic powers do not, like men of science, court inquiry into the naturo of their alleged discovery, but in- variably use the tremendous forces which they claim to wield for the pur- pose of setting the croYvd agape, and filling their oYvn pockets with fees. When a worker in any branch of pure science noYV a days meets Yvith some phenomenon in nature which has hitherto escaped the notice of other observers, he at once calls the attention of his confrères to the matter, and its genuine- ness is tested with all the rigour Yvhich the modern scientific method demands. If there is anything in the discovery YY'hich is inexplicable according to knoYvn laws, a hundred heads are at once set to work to unravel the mys- tery, and eveiy helper in the work of elucidation is heartily welcomed. But very different has been tho conduct of those Yvho have hitherto protended to possess tho power of seeing and com- municating with the spirits of the doparted. They claim to havo developed a new power, or, at all events, to have revived one which has remained long in abeyance ; but so far from seeming anxious to have it verified and, if possible, explained, they set to Yvork to mystify the multitude, and to bring grist to their respective mills. Of course, if they assert positively that they soo spirits and receive communications from their lips, it is impossible for thoso who have not been similarly favoured to prove that they do not. On this point, however, we shall havo something to l say presently. But, sotting aside theso ghostly visitants, whoso existence and appearance are beyond proof, do wo find any attempts made by the mediums to explain thoir feelings, either mental or physical^ Yvhen in that state of mind and body Yvhich they find most favour- able to a successful display of the powers they claim to possess? Do they, in short, endeavour to explain the mystery, or give scientific men a fair opportunity of tracing the manifestations to natural agencies? Wo knoYV they do not, and therefore we are not surprised to find that thoir pretensions ara regarded with a feeling nearly allied to contompt. Vfo havo said that it is impossible to prove or disprove the,truth of the asser- tions put forward by the mediums with regard to the presonco of spirits at their seances. We have no doubt ourselves, for reasons yvc shall pro- ceed to give, that no spirit ever yet assisted at one of these gather- ings, but it does not necessarily fol- low that thoso who fancy they see them are always impostors. That the art of the conjuror is in considerable use is pretty plain, but it may bo that a writer in last week's Australasian on " unconscious brain force " has hit on a method of accounting for some portion of the apparently astounding revelations. According to this theory, tho thoughts passing in the mind of the questioner aro transferred by some subtle means of communication to the mind of tiio medium, who is thus enabled to give at times those accurate ansYvers which excito so much surpriso. And if thoughts can bo so conveyed, why should not the entire picture which is impressed on the brain of the querist be also piesent to the mental vision of the medium, and so account for the various shapes and forms whick he says ho sees. We simply venturo this suggestion as presenting a way whereby it is just possible that we may be able to acquit some of these spirit seeing mediums of imposture. For what is there in the order ,pf the universe as yvo are gradually discovering its laws that should induce us to believe I that the grander world behind the veil can be revealed to" us by means of knotted handkerchiefs and tricks, which, as ono of our correspondents points out, many conjurors can surpass 1 It is not pre- sumptuous, yvo imagine, to suppose that, after death, the spirit grows in wisdom in accordance with the universal laYV of progress, but if the rapping tableB, the dancing chairs, and tho thousand and one other frivolities o£ which we constantly hear, can bo traced to the agency of departed souls, what can we say but that the grave is the portal of a sceno given over, as in the sports of our ancestors, to the Abbot of Unreason and the Lord of Misrule 1 The report read at the monthly meet- ing of the committee of management of the Immigrants' Aid Society,~whic_ we published on Saturday, is a document which ought to engage the serious atten- tion of the Government and the public. In the female wards of the establish- ment there is, it appears, accommoda- tion for 113 inmates, Yvhile the number of persons actually housed and main- tained is 177, or upwards of 50 per cent, in excess of the proper number. Not only so, but __my of these social pariahs are sufforinc from loathsome diseases, some are im- becile, and 55 aro classified as helpless. Thoso who como within tho last-named category aro stated to bo on the increase, while tho labour power of the institution is gradually diminishing. In the malo wards, there are 15 inmates in excess of the number which they are calculated to contain; and out of the 20S persons who are thus accommodated, there aro as many as 1_G, or nearly one I half, who are described as incurable. Every variety of mental and physical infirmity seems to be represented in thi3 melancholy collection of human Yvrecks. Many of them are bedridden paralytics, others aro totally blind, some only .partially so, and a certain proportion are in the last stage of senile decrepi- tude. With respect to the incurables, it is .important to observe how the multipli- cation of hospitals in Melbourne en- courages the gravitation hither of this class of invalids from the country districts. Within the last two months' nine unsuccessful applicants for admission to the Alfred Hospital havo been passed on to the Immigrants' Home, and the managers of the latter institution anticipate a considerable ac- cession to the number of incurable inmates from other parts of the colony. In fact, this city is coming to be re- garded as a sort of central lazar houso for the Yvholo of Victoria. The reckless and the wretched, the man who has drowned his brain in a perennial stream of gin or brandy ; tho para- lytic, who has been prostrated by vicious indulgences ; the victims of extrai'agance and folly ; the loafer who is suffering from chronic rheuma- tism acquired by incessant exposure to the weather, Yvhich might have been avoided if ho had chosen to Yvork for a living ; and the Yvora-out labourer of any kind, Yvho has never saved a shilling, and never denied himself any gratifica- tion ;-all these, and many moro such, so soon as they become burdensome to their friends and relations, or to the public and private charities of tho district in wliich they live, aro furnished with the means of getting to Melbourne. In this city, it is assumed there must bo an hospital for every physical malady, an asylum for every form of misery, a fund available for the support of all those Yvho, never having con- sidered that they had a single duty to perform towards society, are of opinion, nevertheless, that it is the bounden duty of society to support them, Yvheu they are no longer capable of supporting themselves. And society, which has got into tho habit of performing its acts of benevolence vicariously, and thinks that when it has subscribed to an indefinito number of so-called " charities," it has dono all that can be expected of it, en- courages the growth of an improvident, a dependent, and-in many cases-of an, insolently importunate class, by this delegation to deputies of dutios Yvhich cannot be efficiently performod uules3 thoy are personally discharged. Thus it has como to pass that destitution ia increasing, and partly owing to the lazy indifference of tho public, and partly owing to the want of adequate control on the part of the Government ovor tho expenditure of the largo sums of money annually voted to our charitable institu- tions, wo aro doing our best to demoralise tho people, to discourago self-reliance, to destroy in thoir minda tho sense of shame Yvhich should accom- pany the acceptance of relief, or ol medicine and advice, by any but tho really necessitous, and to promoto im- providence, extravaganco, oxtortion, txaA pauperism. ,. Something must bo dono undoubtedly to repair the dilapidations at the Inum* grants' Home, and to fivorfc what tuo TOport speaks of as "'the terrible danger " of tho helpless men being 'smothered « amid the crumbling rainB." But the state of things disclosed' in that docu- ment points imperatively to the neces- sity of taking immédiate steps to give practical eifect to somo of the recom- mendations contained in tho report of the, Royal Commission which was appointed to inquire into the condition and management of tho charitable institu- tions of tho colony. Among othor sug- gestions which wero then made wore those-that hospital and benevolent Í- asylum districts should be created, and that where no institution of tho latter kind existed, the former should do duty for it ; that the care and maintenance of the destitute sick and the poor should devolve upon the district; and that "an inspector of charities should bo " appointed, who, without hitnsolf pos- sessing executive functions, should " investigate annually all the ox '" ecutivo acts of each charity as " sisted by the state, should audit " the accounts, and should make a " printed report, a copy of which should " be supplied as well to the Government " as to each municipal and local corpora " tion or charity concerned." If the force of law were given to the first and second of these recommendations-? those for the formation of hospital and benevolent asylum districts, and for the devolution upon these of the sup- port and supervision of the locally destitute and diseased, the Immigrants' Home would not present the spectacle it does. In the evidence taken by tho commission, it was stated by the then superintendent of the institution, that " the majority of its permanent and in " curable inmates were from the country " districts." At that time-in August, 1870-there were 387 persons in the home, as against 330 in tho year previous. At the present moment there are 475 ; and if doublo tho accommodation were provided, thoro ?can be littlo doubt that another three or four hundred waifs and strays of humanity-the flotsam and jetsam of tho wholo colony-would speedily drift hitherward. Every year that legisla- tion upon this question is delayed the evil ia increasing in magnitude, and if the subject is much longer neglected, that evil may become altogether unmanage- able. The Ii,M.S. Pera, with tho European mail, arrived at Glenelg early on Saturday morn- ing, aud we publish to-day our usual tele- graphic summary of news. Tho leading iteras havo of courae been anticipated to a certain eztont by the submarino cable, but the fuller information given on various Bubjects and the intelligence that is fresh .moke up an interesting budget. Tho Pera Bailed for Melbourne at half-past nino a.m. on Saturday, and will arrive in Hobson's Bay «early this morning. . Writs havo been issued by command of His Excellency the Governor for the election of members for the Legislative Assembly .or the district of the Ovens, in tho placo of Hie Hon. G. D. Kerferd, who has accepted .the office of Attorney-General ; and for tho district of St. Kilda, in the place of the lion. J. W. Stephen, who has accepted tho office of a puisne judge of the Supremo Court. The following arrangements have been made for the elections :-Date of writs, 2nd May ; .day before which nominations to be made, 11th May; day of polling, 15th May; return of writs, 20th May, The Cabinet sat for four hours on Satur- day afternoon, Ministers being chiefly occu- pied with the consideiutioii of meusuiea to ie submitted to Parliament. At a meeting of the Executive Council, Mr. Kerferd was Bvvorn in as Attorney-General. AVe announced on Saturday morning that Mr. Fraser was desirous of relinquishing his oOico as Minister of Public Works. It ap- pears that Mr. Eraser wishes to pay a vÍBit to tho old country in the course of a few weeks. His resignation will be accepted to-day. The Hon. It. S. Anderson will bo Bworn in as his successor, and a writ will bo issued for the election of a member of the Xegislativo Council for the Eastern Province, Mr. Anderson having to submit himself to his constituents. Mr. Kamsay has declined to accept the Postmaster-Generalship, and neither this office nor that of Solicitor-Gene- ral will be filled for the present. The request made by a deputation which waited on Mr. Gillies on Friday for the free conveyance to Melbourne on tho Government railways of members of the up- country fire .brigades desirous to take part in a review of such companies to be held here on or about the Queen's Birthday, has been granted hy the Government, and a sum of money to covei tho cost will accordingly bo placed on the additional estimates for 1873-4. The apparatus of the brigades will also bo con- veyed free of charge. In reference to tho telegram sent by the . Commissioner of Public Works to Sir. Lynch, at Warrnambool, which was referred to in our leading article of Friday last, wo aro informed that it was sent as a reply to a telegram received hy the Commissioner, and Kvas merely an echo of the telegram, and could not havo been couched in other terms. Tho reply was paid for, and not sont as on public business, Tho telegram to which it was a reply was as follows :-" Commis- sioner of Public Works.-Please telegraph corroboration paragraph in Friday's Daily (Telegraph about the breakwater." Tho only comment wo have to maleo on this explana iion is, that tho fact of a candidato tele graphing to a Minister at such a timo on Buch a subject, and getting an answer, shows tho progress of demoralisation in tho poli, lical world. Australia is evidently now included in the grand tour. Our visitors, in ad- dition to the Duke of Edinburgh, have ¡numbered two princes of tho house of Orleans, two of tho house of Saxo-Coburg, and ono of Savoy. Now we learn from our European tolegram that Prince Frederick Charles of Germany is about to mako the lound voyage, and include Australia in bia travels. It will be remembered that it was Trinco Frederick Charles who bo signally distinguished himself in tho late Franco Trusslan war when in command of tho Second grand army. Ho was in command at tho siego of Metz, and also at Koniggriitz, »gamut the Auatrians. '?The Australasian says that " a letter re- cently received in this city from a gontloman who was once a distinguished member of the Victorian bar, states that tho English 'judges havo found thomsolves unablo ti pro fare the necessary rules undor tho now Judicature Act, and that an application will *o made to Parliament to postpone tho -commencement of that act for a further period." A private tolegram from Sydney givoB the Hollowing particulars of the drowning at Fiji ¡of Mr. Benson, [formerly a chemist in Mel ¡bourne ;-"Two planters, Mr. Finlay and .Mr. Benson, went on board tho Star of the ¡oouth. Aftor talcing breakfast, they got into »heir boat with two nativos, for tho purpose of ¡going homo; They had not proceeded moro * »au a milo whon tho boat was swamped, tuero being a heavy sea running. - Messrs. butters and Farquhar got into a boat and «proceeded to tho scene of tho accidont. I ,W_en,t_ey got there, the body of Mr. Bensoç , had j nat been recovero- by the natives in live fathoms of water." ' ' ' ' i His Honour Mr. Justice Stephen will take his seat as a jndge of the Suprome Court this morning. In the Supremo Court, on Saturday, an ap. peal was argued on an application in the estate of Patrick M'Donald, of Geelong. The Commercial Bank desire to mako M'Donald insolvent, and, as a preliminary to that, took out a debtor's summons requiring bim to pay some £13,000, the amount of a judgment recovered against him. Eté applied to tho judge of tho Insolvent Court to dis- miss tho summons, on the ground that ho had executed an assignment of his estate under the statute of 1865. This assignment was signed only by a majority in number and value of his creditors, and as such would under that act operate to prevent his estate being made insolvent, although it would not bo a release of tho debts of dis- senting creditors, as it is not signed by three-fourths in number and value. The insolvency judge dismissed the summons, but on appeal to Mr. Justice Molesworth, this was reversed, on tho ground that the only question to bo considered at that stage was whether a debt was duo, and that could not bo disputed ; whether tho non-payment of tho debt would bo a sufficient ground to sequestrate the estate must be con- sidered when an application for sequestra- tion was made. M'Donald appealed against this decision to the full Court, which, how- ever, coincided with iho views expressed by Mr. Justice Molesworth, and the appeal was theiefore dismissed with costs. The arguments in tho cases of M'Millan v. The Queen and Winter v. The Queen, com- menced in the Supremo Court on Friday, wero concluded on Saturday, and the Court reserved its decision. The Melbourne General Sessions Court was occupied during the whole of Saturday with the trial of three characters well-known to tho police, named James Thomas alias Stephens, John Emery, and William Murray. The three were young men who consort with the women who resido in Little Bourke street and adjoining neighbourhoods, and they were charged with assaulting and rob" bing Ada Clifford, a woman of the town, of £13 and a bank deposit receipt for £50. Tho evidence Yvas conclusivo against Emery and Murray, and the jury found them guilty, but there was not sufficient identification of Thomas, and ho was acquitted and dis- charged. Emery and Murray were remanded for sentence. The Court adjourned until this day. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the City Council will take place this afternoon, The notice paper is a somewhat long one, but the business to be transacted is of a routino character. The only item of public interest is a report of tho Town-hall Committee, re- commending that power bo given them to engage an organist, for the purpose of giving cheap promenade concerts on Saturday after- noons, tho charge of admission not to exceed sixpence. Mr. F. T. Sargood, one of the candidates for the seat for the Central Province, ren- dered vacant by the retirement of Sir John O'shanassy from tho legislativo Council, addressed the electors at the East Colling wood Orderly- room, Victoria-parado. Mr. T, Aitken occupied the chair, and there wero about 50 persons present. The candidate having briefly expressed his views on the principal topics of the day, was awarded a unanimous vote of confidence upon the motion of Mr. James Balfour, seconded by Mr. G. F. Turner. Mr. A. K. Smith addressed a numbor of the electors for tho Legislativo Council at Carlton on Saturday evening, by whom a proposition in his favour was unani mously carried. Mr. J. Thomson, of tho firm of Kilpatrick and Co., announces in our advertising columns that he is a candidato for St. Kilda. Tho accounts for the late Civil Service ball having been closed, the deficiency has been ascertained to amount, to £.">0, which has been defrayed by the committee. It is generally thought that after working so hard to make the ball a success it is a pity the committee should be saddled with this ex- pense, and there is some talk of giving an- other ball to make up the amount. As some misunderstanding appears to pre- vail as to the nature of tho reparation offered by George Stono for tho embezzle- ment of the funds of his late employer, Mr. Aarons wishes us to state that the scrip left in his office by the prisoner Stone is utterly worthless, tho amount duo for calls far ex- ceeding the value of the scrip, Mr. Aarons states that he was induced to deal leniently with the offender at tho earnest solicitations of the prisoner's Yvife, who is in a very dolicato state of health, and not on account of any reparation offered by the prisoner. The following return shows tho number of letters, packets, and newspapers íeceived at and despatched from Victoria, per P. and O. royal mail steamships, during the mouth of April, 1871 :-Received per Baroda-47,783 letters, 3,872 packets, 98,731 newspapers ; despatched per Baroda-30,332 letters, 918 packets, 37,750 newspapers ; totals-81,135 letters, 4,790 packets, 130,490 newspapers. The Government astronomer reports : " The weather during tho past Yveek was generally fine and pleasant, but in the early mornings very foggy, and on tho morning of the 2nd showery. The highest temperature in the shade, 73'0°, was recorded on tho afternoon of the 30th ; the lowest, 41 U°, on the morning of the 27th ; the highest reading of the barometer, 30-323in., occurrod on the morning of tho 20th, with light north-easterly winds ; the lowest, 29'889in., on tho afternoon of tho 1st, with a very light northerly breeze. Hain fell to tho amount of 0'05in., making tho total rainfall since tho beginning of tho yoar ll'38in,, as compared withlO'OSin. during tho sameporiod in 1873, 9 G2in. in 1872,10'Ooin. in 1871, 8'39in. in 1870, 5'lGin. in 1809, 5-flGin. inl8G8, 8'32in. in 1807, 4'-19in. in 18G0, 273in. in 1865, ll'OSin. in 1864,10'4Gin.in 18G3, 6'21 in. in 1862, 10'95in. in 1861, 8'05in. in 18G0, 5'04in. in 1859, 7 _3in. in 1858 ; or an average of7'80in." Tho entry for tho Chess Handicap Chai, lenge Cup has closed, and 17 playors havo signified their intention of taking part in the contest. Mr. Burns, whose prowess is well known to the lovers of chess in these colonies, has entered tho lists on this occa- sion, and should he prove successful in the preliminary tournamont, his meeting with Mr. L. Goldsmith, the present holder of the cup, will be regarded with great interest in colonial chess circles. It will ho seen from our advertising columns that a meeting of competitors will bo held this evening at tho room of tho Melbourne Chess Club, when wo understand, among other business to be transacted, a handicapping committee Yvill bo elected. The cricket match played on Saturday on tho Civil Sorvico ground betweon tho chemists' assistants and tho employas o MesBrs. Felton, Grimwade, and Co. was won by the former by 21 runs and two wickets. Tho scores wero-Assistants, 61), Yvith two Yvickets to foil; Felton, Grimwade, and Co., 48\. For tho winners W, Swift contributed 28 and Mansfield 13, not out.' For the losers Treadaway with 12 mado tho pnly double figure. Swift and Wado bowled well for tho winners, and Lyons for tho losers. The following matches were also played on Saturday ¡-Fitzroy Union (11) v. Cambridge Union (15), won by the former by 14 runs ; ètnployés of Messrs, Burton v. employés'ol Young and Son, won by the formor by 17 rung i eritployés of T. Robinson v. The Argus CO., Yvon by tho formor with six wiokots to pparo. In tho match Corner cloven v. Morn ing Star, the former went first to tho wickets and scored 91 with six men out. ' ' j Soveral football matches were played 01} Saturday afternoon. The contest between the- Albert-park Club and tho Local Forces resulted in a victory for the former, tho club scoring one goal, kicked by W. Bracken, to their opponents' nil. Messrs. Baker, Atkin- son, Beeves, and Murphy played well for Albert-park;and for thoLocalForces, Messrs. O'Farrell, Gould, Crockwell, and O'connell rendered good service. After tho match the Albert-park wero hospitably entertained by the local forces. The match between Steven- son and Elliot's and the Abbotsford Union Clubs, in the Koyal-park, resulted in a draw, a goal being kicked hy each side. Tho Haw- thorn Club played a scratch match in Grace park. There was capital play in tho Carlton Handball Court throughout Saturday after- noon. The visitors were numerous and the players in good form. Messrs. John Curtain, M.L.A., and Parker, and Messrs. Bymo'aud Canterbury, played three games, the former gontlemen winning two of them, and their opponents one. In the succeed- ing match Messrs. Curtain and Canterbury tried conclusions with Messrs. Leahy and Byrno, and from tho first hop of the ball to the last ace, the play was highly interesting. Mr. Curtain and his partner won the first gamo, and their opponents the second and third games. Tho oxcellent play of Mr. Curtain frequently "brought down the house." A few muff matches brought the day's amusement to a close. The first annual meeting of the Teachers Institute was hold in the Temperance- hall, Russell-street, on Saturday. Mr. Whyto took tho chair. Some correspondence was read from different parts of the country, showing that similar institutions wero being formed in various districts. After the transaction of some routine business, tho following members of committee were elected ¡-Messrs. Whyto, Smith, Webb, Horsfall, Powning, Jones, Will- mott, Puckey, Cox, Sadgrove, Houghton, and Oldham. A special meeting of the agricultural im- plement makers' employés was held at the Victoria-hall, Leveson-street, Hotham, on Saturday, Mr. F. Lyons in the chair. The first business to bo disposed of was tho report of Mr. Buncle's employés. As Mr. Buncle did not seem inclined to accede to the terms of the eighthours system, tho meet- ing unanimously agreed that his men should give him notice on Monday morning, and if he did not then accept the terms of his men, they should at onco go 'out on strike. The meeting granted a half week's pay to si., of themen who wero out of employment in con- sequence of the late strike at Messrs. Wilding and Co.'s. Preliminary steps wero taken to form an association for the purpose of ob- taining and upholding the eight hours sjstem. A committee of seven was ap- pointed to draw up rules for its guidance. Tlio meeting adjourned with a vote of thanks to the chairman. At a committee meeting of the Boys' Trading Brigade, held on Wednesday, tho largo number of destitute lads brought be- fore tho courts, and sentenced for various terms to tho Industrial Schools, was referred to. It was decided to extend tho operations of the society by fitting up the homo with suitable furniture, so that as many boys as possiblo might be taken in. It waa also deemed adviBablo that larger and more cen- tral premises should bo taken as soon as possiblo. To carry out this resolution 19 or 20 bedsteads, with requisite bed- ding, and sundry articles of furniture, would be required, and it was suggested that if this were known to the public, some friends might be found who would present such articles, either new or secondhand, to the brigade. The committee, wo aro desiied to state, earnestly request all families friendly to tho society to reserve all the rags, bones, bottles, &c;, which they may havo to part with for the boys belonging to the brigade. Anycommunications addressed to Mr. Barker at the home, 212 Cambridge-street, Colling- wood, will be attended to. The ceremony of opening St. Monica's Church, a Roman Catholic place of worship just completed at Footscray, was performed yesterday by the Very Rev. J. Fitzpatrick.D.D., vicar-general, who officiated in the absence from the colony of the Right Rev. Dr. Goold. The church is a plain bluestone building, capable of accommodating about 300 per- sons. A description of it has already ap- peared in these columns. The architect was Mr. T. A. Kelly. The cost of the build- ing was about £1,500. It is anticipated that additions will require to be made in the course of a few years, but the accommo- dation now provided will be adoquate for the present wants of the district. A large congregation assembled to witness the opening ceremony. Mass was read by the Rev. Father M'Gillicuddy, and the dedi- cation sermon was preached by the Rev. J. F. Corbott. The musical arrangements were superintended by Mr. Albert Richardson. An efficient choir was present. The principal vocalists were Madame Florence Wekey, Mrs. Richardson, Mr. Charles Beverley, Miss Richardson, and Mr. J. B. Whitty. The musical service comprised the Kyrie, Gloria, and Sanctus, from Mozart's Twelfth Mass, and the Credo, and Agnus Dei from Haydn's No. 1. The offertory piece was Curschman's "Te Prego," which was sung by Madame Wekey, Mrs. Richardson, and Mr. Bever- ley. About 100 gentlemen, among whom were many of the leading merchants in Mel- bourne, assembled at the Port Phillip Hotel, on Saturday afternoon, to bid faTOwell to Mr. Gavin Shaw, of the firm of Messrs. G. and G. Shaw, wholesale grocers, Flinders-street, who is about paying a visit to tho old country by the California mail. The chair was occu- pied by Mr. E. F. Sichel, who pro posed tho health of Mr. Shaw in a vory fooling speech. He Baid, that after carry- ing on business with honour to him- self for 25 years in Melbourno, Mr. Shaw would bo a credit to tho mercan tilo community in England if it was his in tention to enter business there. The toast was drunk with tho greatest enthusiasm. In returning thanks for tho kindly foelings expressed towards him, Mr. Shaw said that his visit to the old country was not connected with business matters, but to visit some íolatives from whom ho had beon soparatod for many years. Mr. J. M'Kean proposed the health of Mre. Shaw and family, which was dono ample justice to. Tho health of the chairman waa proposed by Mr. Rattray, and drunk with great cheering. After spending an hour in conversation, the company broke up. Some 30 persona sat down on Saturday evening last, at tho Yarra Yarra Family Hotel in Flindors-street, to a complimentary dinner given to Mr. Wm. M'Call, lato of tho firmi of M'Call, Andorson, and Co., boiler makers, of Flinders- lane, on tho ovo of his departure by tho Californian routo to Europo. The proceedings wero of a very agrooablo character. Tho friends and supporters of Mr. Gresham, one of tho parliamentary candidates for tho borough of Sandridgo at tho late elections, havo invited him to a dinner this evening at the Royal Mail Hotel, Sandridgo. Tho ox ponsbs of Mr. Gresham's candidature wore defrayed entirely hy his cqmmittoo at then own cost. . , i Wo| understand thattho Rev. Goo. Graham, lato pf Beechworth, has rcceivod a unani- mous call to tho congregation of Bacchus Marali and Melton. ,An old, woman, aged 70, named Ann Ash downl who is well known to the police, was discoyored by a constable on Saturday after-, noon | in Littlo Lonfldalo-stroot with a frac turcd leg. Sho was at onco romovod to tho hospital. It is believed that tho accident was caused by tho woman falling down whild in a fit. -j A woman named Anne Lewis, aged 43 years, and residing in Rose Alley, ,off Little' Bourke-street, was admitted to the'hospital yesterday afternoon suffering from several severe scalp wounds, caused, aa she alleges,1 by her husband striking her with aboot. Thei husband denies this statement, but ho was' arrested by Constable Cash on a charge of I assault,, and was lodged in tho watchhouse i for the night. Ho will appear before tho magistrates at the City Court this morn- ing. A small fire was discovered yesterday afternoon on the premises of Mr. Thomas | Perry, provision dealer, 114 Sivan- Btreot, Richmond, The firo was first noticed by a man named George Curtis, who was passing at the time. Ho at once gavo tho alarm, and tho local brigade being quickly on the Bpot, the firo was put out without much damage being done. The furniture in the parlour at the back of the shop, and where tho firo occurred, Yvas damaged, wliilo tho contents of the shop were also damaged by yvater and hasty removal. The cause of the fire is not known, as everything was ap- parently secure when the family left tho houBO about an hour previously. The premises aro owned by Mr. John Wild, and are insured, Mr. Perry is insured for £225, which will more than cover his loss. At a meeting of the Mount Moriac Raco Committeo, held last week, it was found that after settling all matters connected with tho late meeting, a considerable credit balanco was left, and it was resolved to give £3 to the Athletic Sports Committee, to give thom a fair start in raising funds for tho sports proposed to bo held in the neighbourhood on the Queen's Birthday. The Italian Opera Company have arranged to give four performances in Geelong, com- mencing on Wednesday, the 13th May. The oporas selected aro "II Trovatore," "Lucia do Lammermoor," "Norma," and "Lucrezia Borgio." "Rapid progress," tho Bendigo Advertiser learns, "is being made with tho works along the unfinished portions of the Coliban chan- nel, and there appears to bo every proba- bility of tho water from tho Malmsbury reservoir being carried into Castlemaine even before the date alluded to by the Minister of Mines upon the occasion of His recent visit to that town. Tho cutting, about eight chains in length, through solid granite, immediately at tho back of Mr. Moore's, Elphinstone, has been, by means of litkofracteur, blasted through much more ex peditiously than had been anticipated. Tenders were originally called for this work, but all thoso sent in were considered too high, and it has now been done hy day labour at a smaller cost than that put down in the lowest tender. At the Back Creek, the pipes for the new syphon are being daily delivered by the Fulton Foundry Company, and many of them aro alieady in situ. These pipes are being laid under the immediate superin- tendence of Mr. Kemp, of tho Castlemaine waterworks." Tho Bendigo Advertiser writes :-"It is a pleasing duty to have to record the brave conduct of a young boy named Thomas Devine, who on Friday saved the life of a little girl named Annie Summers, in the Upper Reserve. The latter, who is about six years of age, was playing with some other girls on the bank of tho large dam in the reserve, when she accidentally slipped, and fell over the stone embankment into the water. The other girls raised the alarm, and Devine, who is about 11 years of age, jumped into the water without divesting himself of any of his clothing. By the time that he reached the water the little girl had sunk, and he waited till she again rose. This time he endeavoured to get a hold of her, but his clothing became heavy, and the little girl again disappeared. The boy had become pretty well exhausted by this time, and he was about proceed- ing to land when he saw the girl again rise. With a sudden spring he reached her, and succeeded in rescuing and bring- ing her safely to the shore. Not only this, but when he had dono so, he took the little girl straight home, still wearing his wet clothing. When taken home, the girl was found to have sustained some nasty cuts, supposed to have been occasioned by her falling down the stonework. With the use of proper stimulants, she was soon brought to her senses after the severe ducking she had received. Such brave conduct on the part of so young a boy is deserving of the highest praise." "A few days Binco," says the Border Poü, " tho Albury Custom-house officers seized a package, described in tho invoico as 'oil- men's stores,' brought from Melbourne on the North-Eastcrn Railway, in which was concealed a box containing 500 cigars," One of tho largest audiences ever gathered together in tho Temperance-hall, Russell street, assembled on Saturday evening at the weekly People's Concert, there being nearly 1,400 persons present. Tho popularity of these conceits is now so thorouchly estab- lished, that for some weeks past large num. hers havo been unable to gain admission. The programme on Saturday evening was of a v ery varied character, and gavo tho audience great satisfaction. Miss Dwight acted as ac companyist, and Mr. T, Empson as conductor. Miss 0. Lano was very successful in her songs, "Tho Brook" and "Beware," and Mr. H, Allnutt received a hearty íecall for several comic songs, Mrs. Ryan, Miss M'Coy, Messrs. West, Wilson, Melbourne, Wallace, Empson, White, and Callender wero also very successful in thoir efforts to pleaso the audience. Messrs. Empson and Punco created great amusement in a bur- lesque entitled "Tho Rival Tragedians." Tho chair was occupied by Mr. James Munro, M.L.A. Mr. CharlesReade's play, "The Wandering Heir," with Miss May Howard in tho leading part, was givon at tho Theatro Royal on Saturday night, boforo an excellent houso. Miss Howard's acting was vory pleasing, and the performance altogether was a success, tho applause boing loud and froquont. Wo aro compelled to hold over a moro dotailod notico of the play. The third of Mr. Perraton'p Satnrdiv tven' big concerts, given last Saturday, va. /Cry fairly attended, Tho principal per 'orraors were Mesdames1 Perraton, Slack, anr. Pour' ; Messis. J. Wilson, Í, C, Downer, D. A. Beau- mont, and - Haddon ; with Mr, G. Pwko, pianist, and Mr. Perraton, conductor. Tho choruses and solos wero selected from tho productions of tho most popular composers. They appeared to suit the taste of the audi- ence, and tho applause throughout tho con certlwas hearty. Tho Emerson Minstrel Troupe had a crowded houso at St. Goorgo's Hall on Satur- day night. The programme was of tho usual mirth-provoking character, and tho laughter and applause wero froquont. Prcssuro on our spaco obliges us to hold over our reports of the meetings of Mossrs. Saigood and A. K. Smith on Saturday oven mg, and othorlmattor. Wo aro also obliged to defer tho publication of some corre- spondence, including letters from Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co., and Dr. Blair. The second Monday evening popular con- cert will tako placo at tho Athonnjum to- night. A lengthy and varied progratnmo has been provided. Accoiding to an advertisement which ap- pears in miotber column, Mr. J. Summers seeley election as Conductor to tho Melbourne Philliarmonio Society,' The Colllnrrwoodbrá-chof tba St. Patrick's, Society .held itB usual fortnightly mooting at tho'M.u,'Hall, Hoddle-streot, on Friday ovening, tho prfcsldont (W. Cody) in tho chair. A progress roport was submitted from tho committco appointed to draw np byo-laws for tho branch, Sovoial now mem beis were admitted. 