BUCKLING-TO. _ ao Bturk a disagreeable task that has to good will or without j to try to evade the inevitable and postpone necessity; to stand shivering on the .brink ■when the plunge must perforce be, made, and the sooner it is made the sooner the shock and its consequences trill be over; to waste onr strength in fretful anticipa Cons' of ■fatigue/ and to substitute dilet tantism for honest work, perfnnctoriness for brave endeavour—these ways of living, though too ranch after the manner of half hearted men.are the ways which lead to ruin and' destruction- ... Take the case of ia man whose affairs are going wrong, and whose books show a perilous incline-: tion tjowards Basinghail- atreet. Obviously the only rational thing for, him to' do is to bnckle to at once,'go into his affairs, check hia erpenditure, cat off his superfluities, and lilt his'Cart from the rat of< bankruptcy into I which it is fast sinking.: Bat if he has notJ the* energy "or common sense ■ necessary for. this P ..If he .delays for this hope, for that fear7 if now this problematical'gain is to be made, that bad debt paid up ? if his wife's delicate nerves needs management, and the,state of her health demands a car riage? if he most strain one point for his son on tua,entering. into life, and another for hia daughter- on her first season; if shadowy fingers slacken the straps, and the mildew of fallacious hopes roBt the buckles ? —what can, there be but irremediable dis aster and ageneral collapse as the results of .those insane attempts to shirk a painful task and.evade the inevitable? If he hud haa ' the courage of his situation, and hackled to at the first, he might have re trieved all that had been lost, and made good his future position. It was simply a question, of promptness snd daring—of buckling, to with a will. But he tem porised-and delayed, and slackened this girth, loosened that strap, let ends fiy loose and tackles altp. hoping rather than doing, ancL, looking to that stalwart Hercules in theVcloads, or to the machine where he thonght was hidden the god that would set all things right with a nod . of his head, rather than trusting to himself, putting his own-shoulder under the wheel and buck ling to like a Trojan. Inconsequence of which'he-comes to the grief anyone but himself could see what was foredoomed, and upsets the whole concern into the ditch, j This is one. result of' that foolish temper ^rhieli will not accept cheerfully what it cannot avoid by any ingenuity in the world, arid which does not reflect that the ' more closely fitting the harness the easier it xs'to draw - the load. Again, a man.or it may be a woman, is put into a situation un COtlgWlial to his or her nature and inclina tidhgi One winch gives all that is not wanted and denies all that is. Bnt .it js duty; has'to be performed somehow; and circumstance is like a brazen tower with no back-door, only the possibility of dnshing ont hot brains from impatient heads when'they knock themselves against the cruel walls and will hot make the best of what they cannot help. It is a duty which, given up in the one case,inclndes the giving up'ol this means of subsistence, with may hap no 'background; if grudgingly and complainingly done in the other, only makes life harder than it need be, and the burden taavier'thah it is already. Backling-to with a'will is the sole method by which can come satisfaction. ' Just as boldly seizing a midnight ghost proves it to be nothing but a masquerading duchess, or a trick of light and line, so placing oneself bravely in harness, and determining to do with a good grace what one does not like to do, somehow lessens ' the load' and smooths down tile cuttieulties, mates all the' angles rounder, and blunts the sheaf of spikes that in the beginning tortured one so cruelly. Almost all yonths who have to work for their living have to go through this period of using themselves to har ness, doing what, they do not like to do,'- giving up what they like to have. The one who will buckle to with most cheer fulnesa- and vigour is the one from whose manhood most may be expected; and he who whines and cries, and cannot do this and will not do' that, wbo-gives up his situation in the city because it is not a situation in the, country, or . despises the fields and stock because, being apprenticed to a farmer, he would prefer. to be clerk to a merchant, is the one of whose future only failure can be predicted, unable as he has shown himself tojinckle to, and of so little courage and self-command. Some men and women wear sway their lives in this kind of thing. Out of harmony with their work, they will never try to make the collar less galling because worn doser; They are always trying to slip it over their poor long ears, which sim ply get chafed in the endeavonr; and they rub thair ahouldera sore because they think thatJwzftbihg will wear it easier. So of women- They many the wrong man, fonnd out _ too late: gnd their wedding- ring pinches. They have to ran curricle in mis fitting harness, and to carry through life a burden compared to which the bullet and chun of the' French foratf is light and easy. Grumbling makes that which is bad by just ■b'muoh the worse; and trying to escape from the burden matrimonial only succeeds in adding to its weight. The wiser thing to do is to bear it with, as much equanimity and cheerfulne33 as nature and the . fates will allow- -It must be; so why not make the best.of.it ? ; And the best of it is to be made in no otoer.way than by buckling to. If . grumbling at a disagreeable would lessen and'finally1 disperse it altogether, by all means letit be done; if shifting one's yoke from shoulder to shoulder and vainly trying to pull-it. over one's poor long ears would slacken'the strain and finally dissolve the substance, one would be well quit of one's impediment for a little abrasion of the epidermis; bnt when it only chafes and • doea not slacken, only deepens the sore and never dissolves the substance, it seems but a poor exercise -of energy and ingenuity, and buotding-to would be a better emplcy ment of both. In fact there is no circuoi atanoe in iife, and no condition, where buckling to is not the wisest thing. Take it how we will, either to combat or to bear, Aieigetid acceptance does more for us than fretful resistance, and a powerful hand-to^, fiand fig&t; with adversity—backling?to for the battle—is a finer thing than supine and melancholy yielding. ' To do with all our might-.both the task of to-day and the pre parations for the pleasure of to-morrow is a mare manly.kind of thing than to shirk half-the difficulties of the one, consequently let slip .half the richness of the other. Tlad we buckled to- in real earnest we Bbcmld have overcome the one, and been rewarded by the other sooner and more-bounteously than as things are. But we slipped and slid,rand wore our harness loose; and we came, in consequence, to a fall on the side " of the hill, and an upset on thetop. ■ There are certain men who can never buckle to their day's work- save under compulsion. Good servants, when firmly held and in exorably guided, they are lost as freed men !;overning themselves. - Give them two days or toe wsay which cost them four- hours to write, and it will not be done on the even ing of the third; stand over them with your editorial buckle and thong and you will get it in three hours and three-quarters! 'Tell them, blandly, " There" is no hurry " for the picture, the copy, the deed, the agreement, and you may wait till your hair is grey and all'the savour has gone out of the tbing you wanted; press, them for .an un important matter as if your life depended On it, and time had that kind of quality Which gains more vitality the more it' is Shortened, and. yon will have your -work done to the moment, and of first-rate force. It is all through want of ability to buckle to of then:'own accord, all the. odd de pendence on a leading hand for the fit wear. Ing of the yoke, and the consequent, carrji ing.of'the load to. its destined' endtxBat . what s pity that want of ability is. and how vimdj lives are wrecked by it !• —Queen. 