ACROSS THE STRAITS. : r rom recent Tasmaman files ; we learn that the question of annexation to Victoria is once more troubling the mindsiof the small community across the straits. We are well aware that every blast from' the north on this questio vexata is met by a counter-blast from " the south. The Hobart Town papers hold the Lauaceston ones in supreme contempt, especially when they venture a remark or two about annexation, and will not allow that they are in this matter at least an index of public opinion. The northern journals are quite competent to return this sonti. ment with interest, and to hint that the influence of the reigning Ministry, the memories of prestige, and the glory that encircles the person and palace of vice-royalty blind the eyes of the southern press to the true interests of the country. Between north and south the feud on this, and . many other , questions has seldom been . patched, ..and : perhaps will never be.; v healed. i. Though the northerners have qust revolted against the payment of a . railway rate as unjust, and although the Govern ment is bungling the construction of the main line, and half the midland villages are up- in' arms because Ibe iron way is not going to be brought past their front doors, let us hope thatthe through railway when finished will unite the two rival capitals iu the bonds of pea.ee. Peace or no peace between the city by the Der- went and the city by the Tamar, it is cer tain that, sooner or later, unity of senti ment on the subject of political indepen- dence must he reached by tbe Tassnanian community. Annexation is a species of political ghost that no Ministry has power altogether to lay. After, and very shortly after, the formation of oaie of the strongest Ministries on record in the his tory of the tight little island, after the most hopeful prophecies of some of it8 members who are famous for taking 'a couleur de rose view of the iiature of Tasmania, and after the assertions of a section , of the' pres3 ' that the tide .of prosperity had at length, turned, and thatthe revenue returns showeda decided improvement, the- ghost is abroad)' again. The truth seems to be that Tasmania is too heavily handicapped, in the race for political existence and prosperity. Her present rulers were, at least the moat in fluential of them, trained) finder the old Imperial regime, and the days of the nominee Council, and have accordingly imbibeo notions of magnificence that h. we now grown somewhat oppressive. And .as no political wiseacre ever thought of levying.a duty upon the export of sinew and intelligence when the colonies were buying tliem . at higher bids, the ener gies that might have helped the country onwards have flowed steadily away. Political freedom means self help, and Tasmanian ideas of self help are peculiar. In danger of being utterly demoralised in the olden days by the combined influences of the scum of - British society and the gold of British coffers, she rose into an anti-transportation spasm, and wiped the reproach away. That was well, had her enthusiasm turned to relf-reliauce and the development of internal resources. Bnt while the most intelligent and high- minded of Tasmanians never regret the rolling away of that old reproach, there is a considerable section that hankered long after the Imperial flesh-pots by which they dwelt and' were fattened. The maidens sighed after the soldiers, and the traders sighed after the sovereigns, and united once and again in a doleful ditty whose echoes linger yet about the place. Shopkeepers that are getting into the sere and yellow leaf tell you, with glis- tenipg eyes, of the percentages and profits of the golden Imperial age ; and young fellows, with fine muscles but flaccid wills, lounge and yarn about the broken fences, or gallop energetically over the grass-grown fields that used to grow corn for the officers' horses. Many a village and rural valley bring back memories of the Castle of Indolence. Meanwhile forests of splendid timber have remained unfelled ; vast deposits of iron-ore, veins of coal and gold, have, until lately, been either unopened or feebly worked. By way of helping matters the Government "sits upon the country like an incubus. They pay for the luxury of a live Governor at a figure ridiculously low for a Governor, but ridi culously high for the revenue, and have built him quite a palace to live in. Ministers receive good salaries. The civil service is full of easy billets and capital incomes. The pension-list is munificent ; and the State-supported cha rities are enormous. Altogether public affairs are conducted on a magnificent- scale, and taxation has long since reached its endurable limit. Judg ing by their Appropriation Bill, the Government might have a secret gold mine in the Domain ; judging from the general state of the country, with its re volting ratepayers and the imminent pro spect of another heavy rate- to pay the in terest on the Main Line railway, bank ruptcy is staring them in the face. No wonder that annexation should suggest itself as a haven to the wrecking vessel. The Cornwall Chronicle pens a jeremiad on the thoroughly hopeless condition into which the political affairs of Tasmania are drifting in the hands of its present rulers, and adds, " we have frequent proofs that annexation to Victoria, which we strongly advocated some months ago, is gradually drawing nearer and nearer to accomplish ment." Moreover, we learn that the de sire of political marriage with Victoria is beginning to infect some southerners who were wont to grow indignant at the mere mention of annexation. . One of the lead ing public men of Hobart Town, who was accustomed in and out of Parliament to "scout the very idea of annexation," has come to think that self-government for Tasmania is too costly a luxury, and that annexation to Victoria appears to him now the only resource left. As far as we are concerned, though we care very little about the extra territory and trouble, we have, no design to forbid the banns. We feel very much as Brigham Young may be supposed to feel when a widow of many summers and few charms proposes to add a new wife to his harem. Jt does not matter much to us, but it matters a good deal to the widow. 