Four Friends of Mino. [BY H. K.] ' BEGINNING with myself, I may as well make the confession that I am a vagabond. The readei needn't mistake tho sense of the term as I use it I doa't sloup in the watchhouses ! 1 am not au object of interest to the police ! and, although 1 have been the recipient of very many unpleasant lectures in my time, I have hitherto escaped ono from tho bench, Still, to make a clean breast ol it, I am, at the best, no better than 1 ought to be, lu putting forward tho admission, thore is no wish oa my part to flourish my short comings in the face of society. I am not a bit the happier, because I am ostracised. With all tho sorrow and heart-weaï that must have ruinod tho angel in Ishmael-the grey sad Arabian of the bleak birth and fierce destiny-I have nothing in common with Iiis spirit of hate and audacious defiance. To put it in a more succinct way, I bear no grudge against the human community, because that respectable body has kicked me out of all decent doors. On the con trary, I own tho justice of my situation. Still, tho wild heart that beats in tho bitter outside Bohemia is sometimes so oppressed with tho burden of its punishment, that all great kind souls would be glad to see it break. I once had friends, other than tho four that form the subject of this paper. Old Bobby was one of the earliest of these -a lame rain -but a fine old fellow, and a most accomplished thief. Bobby and I were like brothers, and there were obvious and-on tho whole-selfish reasons for our stick ing to one another. Didn't I-a little mau about a yard high-take thrashings for Bob's sake, and steal peaches for him and scratch tho poor beggar's grizzly head ; and didn't ho, in his turn, carry me on many a surreptitious journey, and act war-horse forme, and help me to release rope's Iliad in countless pitched battles with an old billy-goat, and certain bellicose turkey-cocks ? Of course, it is no wonder that we were chums; and equally of course there is no marvel in the fact that when Bobby went the way of all rams, he left behind him at least one sincere human mourner. And, as boya of a certain temperament often shew their grief in peculiar ways, tho sympathetic readers will hardly be shocked to hear of a youngster who planted flowers on his pet's grave, and marked its site with a tiny slab, on which small fingers had carved an irreverent "Sacred to the Memory of &c.;" A pugnacious pigeon that lived with his wife in an old iron pot, was another of my early friends. In the grey mountain home, now only seen through the dusk shadows of past days ano: nights, " Big Pidgpe " was by no means tho least considerable figure. The poor little waif of the wind that carno to us one memorable raiuy evening, and sought the shelter of a warm human roof, throve in his new habitation ; and, being provided with a wife and the old iron pot, aforesaid, grew to be a for midable fellow-the terror of neighbouring pigeons and the Hector of his own fastnesses. Big Pidgee died, full of days ; and, when he waa gathered to his forefathers, there were truer tears shed by the young people who buried him than there are at many a more ambitious funeral. The. other pets of .hildhood were to» numerous to be described within the limits of this paper. Amongst them was there not " Captain" the huge affectionate dog, that like a great idle boy waa too lazy to work, and that preferred wallaby-hunting to cattle-dro#ving ? Did he not slink off when called upon to "round up"a stray bullock ? and did he not announce his block ade of an unfortunate bandicoot in a log by pull ing at my pinafore, and dragging me in the direction of the prisoner ? What dog could be happier than he was when out on the ridges with companions who, like him, took more delight in fossicking out 'possums and native bears than in trundling after oxen and sheep ? Then, there waa Cog, the gross magpie that used to stand at the door of his house, looking like a well-fed publican on the qui vive for customers. And last, by no means least, was there not the black tom cat, that fancied himself a dog; and lived with doga; and fought with them ; and killed our neighbour's poodle ; and got me into a precious mess over the affair ? Did he not help himself on divers occasions to the cook's breakfast ; and break into other people's larders ; and at nights, coolly appropriate a corner of my bed to his own uses ? Of course he did. And was not the dear fellow forgiven for everything ? He sleeps his long sleep like the rest of my old favour ites; and too inauy of my past human friends lie as quietly as he does. .The few that are left, are friends no longer ; and the face that is deadest and sweetest of all is now the face of a stranger. Milton painted, as most readers know, five dis tinct types of devils; and I-with no Miltonic aspirations however-intend to describe four dis tinct types of dog. In introducing these gentle men, one after the other, let mo give the palm of precedence to Rover, a grizzlo old fellow, that Uko myself has aeen better days. Rove is the royal ruin of a grand cattle dog in whom some sparks of the ancient fire are slumbering still. A grave, grey, ragged sort of customer is my friend, with a ! touch of magisterial dignity about him that gives tone and colour to his manners, and irresistibly reminds me of the pathetic hauteur so frequently preserved by moro than one "swell"out of "luck." Still, the old beggar is sometimes off his guard ; and then his exquisite dog-nature leaks out. For example, I am not the master of the house ; and it is amusing to observe how well he and his three 1 companions know it, and how diligently they I avail themselves of this knowledge. Indeed, one of them, Spot (with an admirable perception of tlio truth) classes mo with vagabonds like him self ;. and they all look upon me as a necessary i sort of " go-between "-a kind of interpreter perched halfway betwixt them and their human ¡ food-providers. Aa to Rover, honest aa he is in I appearance, he is not above inciting me to thiove, ! that is, when tho head of the houao is out, and the Jarderis unlocked. That I yield under such cir- ' cumstances is hardly to be wondered at, when the significance of the tempter's eye, and the evil eloquence of his old tail, are taken into consideration. Rove is "up to : snuff" in most things ; and is not easily duped by appearances. When he sees the household peculiarly dull and well-dressed, he aasumes that it is Sunday, and goes to sleep in his nook by the wood heap. There is a ferry between cur house and the township : and when my friend's master mounts his »ld mare and saunters towards it crowned with a certain hat, Rover at once grasps' the situation, and says to himself-"That is not Iiis town dress : he is merely going to the punt," On these occasions he follows him ; but, being a gentleman well on in years, and knowing well the state of his ears, and the bellicose habits of town dogs, ho never undertakes the longer journey. Not that Rover is a coward, on the contrary, he was at one time the Achilles of local dogs-a great four footed Meleuger, that never stopped to consider the size of his antagonist, but went into him at once. And even in these days, when tho step of age is in his gait, when his jaws are toothlesa, and 1 his eará sore with old war wounds, he is by no means a safe customer for the canine tribe to trifle ( with. Only a few months ago, big Kangy had a taste of his quality ; and that bully, Spot, so quick to rob Darkie and others of their bones, never attempts to maddie with Rover and his meal. But the veteran luis arrived at the years when dogs seo the vanity of fighting; and, consequently, he'jo'rs along on the principio of "you leave me'alone, and I'll leave you ii lone !" Darkie »iud Spot are great tom-boys; but Rover-sensible fellow that hois -is above sky-larking, and the other follies of canine youth ; and may be seen trotting forward on his daily rambles with'all the gravity and precision of an elderly parson. Thero are very ninny other peculiarities about my favourite, lie knows the properties of a fowliñg-piece as well as I clo, " And when I cotk a trigger, He makes himself from tail to ear Au adinirablo figure." As to game, he is a glutton after it ; and every thing is fish that comes to his net-from the walla roo, clown to the miserable little wood rat. Ile burrows with his old nose after a contemptible lizard, and kicks up the same row over it that he does when tho catching of a dingo is the question at issue. And talking of fish, I must remark that Rove has an insane notion that he is a born fisher man-an idea which the ill-success of his efforts in this line ought to have dissipated long ago. But, for all that, my dog is a clean- headed member of society; and sometimes I cannot help thinking that this poor half-blind lover of tho human race, this pathetically dumb friend that saved his master's life in tho frost, has as much right to a soul as I have. Spot is a dog of another colour, in more senses of the phrase than one. There is something decidedly plebian about Spot ; in fact, he is a bit of a vaga bond. Being in the prime of life, he is, next to Kangy, the strongest and swiftest of my four friends; but he has little of the downright pluck of Rover ; and his resolution to fight, or to leave it alone, is generally deter mined, by the size of his opponent. Ho is, as I have just said, a bit of a vagabond ; and, when sauntering along with the gentlemanly Kangy, ho is not unlike that fast type of colonial society who swaggers through the world with a lop-sided belt -hi3 greasy cabbage-tree hat on tho back of his head and the string of it fastened under his nose. Still, to give Spot his due, he is hardly without his good points. I have never hoard of a theft of his ; and I know him to be a capital fellow after cattle, and 1 as gcod a dog after any game not too formidable for his courage as ever took to the bush. With j Rover well up, he doesn't even mind a run on the heels of dingoes ; but I am bound to confess that ' he wouldn't like to try that pastime when alone. ' Spot, let me add, was born a little earlier than the day before yesterday ; and is, consequently, a dog not very easily taken in. Like Rover, he knows where the larder is ; and he conrprehends also which pot holds beef for canine consumption, and which does not. He was once caught by the paw in a dingo-trap; and the result is that the sight of bait hanging in a tree makes him shun a certain area at the foot of it. Spot, I must repeat, is an excellent hunter ; but, being aware that Kangy is swifter than himself, he is dishonest enough to sponge after him on the scent ; and it is hinted that many of my friend's dinners are clue to the big dog's superior agility. But this has never been proved ; and I am willing to give Spot the benefit of the doubt with more alacrity, probably, than Kangy showed when giving him the benefit of the meal. There is one thing however about this clog that I don't like-and that is his unblushing way of indicating to strangers the habits of his friends. For instance, Spot's master sometimes goes into town, and so do I. It very often happens that when we do, the day is hot ; and, as heat produces thirst, the in telligent reader will not blame us when he hears that ive have been thirsty ; and that on such occasions we have cooled our coppers at local inns. But, because Spot has seen us do this, is it fair on his part to swagger on in front of us, when we aro ridingiwith Miss- So-and-so, or the Rev. Mr. What's his-name, and pull up at every " pub" he comes to ? Is it honest, or even gentlemanly of him to stick his impudent paws in the doorway of a tap room and announce to our shocked companions as plain as tail and ears can announce it-that we, ns well as himself, are in the habit of going inside tho place ? Of course, it is not ! Therefore, I say, Spot is a humbug. Darkie, the next on my list, is a dog, sui generis, Ile is the youngest and smallest of my four friends; but, if a big pompous bark and a never-resting anxiety to be after pigs and other such small deer constitue importance, then he is the most consider able of them all. Darkie is a sheep dog out ot luck, for he has no sheep to exercise his talents upon; and consequently"he is obliged to waste his grand gifts of voice upon such contemptible things as calves, cocks, porkers, shadows, «vc. Like all his breed, ho has no fight in him; but, when supported by Spot or Rover, he possesses a happy facility of persuading strangers-canine or human-that ho is just about the "biggest dog out. A capital sentinel is Darkie-so far as bark ing goes; but at the same time, he cries put "wolf" too often. Evon Spot is aware of this; and when the moonless night makes a sileuco in the forest and the groat hills surrounding our isolated homestead "dusk" into featureless mightiness, the running fugue of barks, kept up by my black friend, are rarely ever noticed, i or " Hie puppy in tho dark Will starb at crickets' chirring ! But when wo henr tho old dog bark f We know there's something stirring. Just so. Let tho officious youngster be ever so officious, there is nobody in the house fool enougu to leave his chair for him. But when the honest voice of the veteran Hover, breaks through the stillness, we open the door and listen, because there is never any mistake about his warning. Still, Dnrkie's loquacity has its uses. For example, when the dingoes are about, yelling on the hills find prowling under tho cover of night after the calves, the big important bark of the young huni buff has a capital effect. Then, when Rover-in iure as in youth j tho one grand Hector of Iiis Troy -goes out into the bush to meet the danger, and while Spot keeps up an outcry in the rear of the old dog, the voice of Darkie, proceeding from a rather "white-livered" body, crouched close to the door, strikes terror into the ranks of the enemy. The truth is, the warrigals know Rover and Spot, and have a fair estimate of their respective abili ties- but, as may be assumed, they have never seeuDarkie, andaré foolish enough to infer from his bark that he is somo gigantic dog in a hurry to tackle and grindup the whole crew of them. Under this impression, they generally " cloar out;" and . therefore, I repeat, Darkie's special gift has its uses. That he is a very fair imitation of a pretender, I am willing to admit ; but I should like the captious reader to bear in mind that without bunkum even biped society in theso days would fall to pieces. As things are constituted now, it isn't the loudest talker that is the least effective man. Nevertheless my favourite gets enough censure on account of his failings. But I, who could forgive him for graver offences, aui always glad to take up his cause. Poor little beggar ! There are many worse things in life than the black nose that is poked into my lap and tho great pathetic eyes that are asking so eloquently for a bit of bread. What shall I say about Kangy-the fourth of my four friends ? He is, as his name indicates, a kangaroo dog ; but where he came from, and how his present proprietor became possessed of him, it is not for me to say. It is clear, however, that he is a full-blooded aristocrat, for a more gentlemanly dog-in mere appearance, mark you-it has not been my good fortune to meet. Everybody admits at least the nobility of his exterior. Even Pad, the most verdant unsophisticated Irishman that over was pitchforked into Australia there to growl at tlio"unnateral coorse ivfurrin things," declares that Kaugy is as " fino a lump iv a hound as iver ye sot eyes on." But this dog is, after all, nothing more than a well dressed swindler. And, as tho rogue of a higher order of being so often deceives people by means of a good coat, it is not to be wondered at that Kangy once deceived his master into tho belief that his habits were as handsome as his looks. Under this impression, the said master took him into town with a view of parading him about, and what was the result? Simply this, Kangy's proud proprietor was billed by Smith for beef stolen; by Brown for crockery ware broken; by Jones for a fine ham ruined; and by Robinson, and the rest of them, for other thefts and damages. "If you bring that sanguinary hound here again," Bays Smith, "I'll shoot him." " I'll hang him," says Brown. "The dog wants drowning," ejaculates Jones. And so say Robinson and the rest of them. Can the position of the master bo more terrible? aud will the reader withhold his sympathy from him when he hears that Kangy is not to be shaken off-that like the old man in tho story of Sinbad, ho clings to his victim and follows him wherever he goes. The result is that both dog and owner are voted public nuisances ; and it affords little pleasure to the latter to know that his appearance in the village is now . at all times so unfailingly productive of irate matrons and menacing broomsticks. Kangy's character, however, would'nt bearsuch a darkaspect if he were to behave like an honest dog at home. But, even under his own roof, he cannot keep his paws off eggs. Ile is, to put it bluntly, an incor rigible egg-thief. I do my best to defend him on this point, urging, amongst other 'things, that he' has as much right to the oval delicacy as we have ; but Bob, tho lop-sided youngster who has to look after the fowls, doosnJt see it. When I explain that the eggs belong to the hen; nnd that, from a hen point of view, we are thieves as well as the dog, Bob only laughs his contemptin my face. " Better call him Mr. Kangy," says Bob,- " and let him sleep with you." This sarcasm has painful pertinence. Kangy once did sleep with me, namely, on that memorable night when I and a bottle of grog lost our way in the bush. Still, I don't see why the past should not be the past. This dog, like some men that Í have heard of, has a great reputation for beingable to do something which I cannot assert he has ever done. People look at him and say " That's the boy for wallabies " ; but lam not so sure that ho is the boy. "A dingo," exclaims Jem Wells, " wouldn't have the ghost of a snow with him." Still, I have seen dingoes get away with even the great Kangy on their trail. My Italian friend, Signor Poggi,pats him on the back and remarks "Zis dogge verra good for ze 'possum." So he is, when the tack of eating 'possum is the questionjit issue ; but I have never seen him catch one. When that unlucky plobian, Spot, turns up with game, he is immediately charged with theft from the big dog ; although it is very possible that Kangy has no more right to it than I have. Still, he gets the credit, and the lion's share of the spoil : and there, to Spot's discomfort, the matter ends. Let nie now give Kangy ins due. He is the swiftest, and at heart one of the bravest, of my tour friends. His intelligence is almost equal to tnat possessed by Rover ; nnd a more affectionate nature than his never tenanted clog's body. Ile may pY.fSfj8 » but I am sure that he would lay down ms life tor his master. Since tho foregoing was ^ritten, my faithful Kangy-the fleet, bright, wrong hunter-has been cut off. He was killed by »ne poison of those terrible insects, the ticks. My poor chum ! Full of love to tho hist for those that jovea lum ; ho wagged his tail in his agony, and «lea with an almost human expression iu his eyes. 1 Tm1'??1'0* milst (1w to a close, and put the pen by. » "ile I write, tho solemn sound of heavy remote waves como across tho flats; and there is a voice 01 the old days in that plover's cry, back there in we mournful marsh. Tho night, with all its forest noises, is gliding up the hill, just as it used to do ; out tho new timo has como ; and there is not even a w»Bp ot hair or a letter left to me of the dear dead past. There ure inoBaents -when the tried heart turns bitter thinking of this deprivation ; but then it often happens that some touching movement on the part of one or anotktr of my four friends re stores my humanity to me, and makes me a lover of thiB fair world again. And henoe I grieve for my species when I think of tho silent beautiful affection of the clog-the love so steadfast amidst the worst vicissitudes of lifo, and so persistently underrated by tho object on which it is bestowed. 