CORRESPONDENCE. "— J —* ' We do not necessarily endorse the .opinions expressed'by our correspondents. . THE LITE REVIVAL IN SCOTLAND. {To the Editor of the Burrangong Argus.) SIR,—The Rev. G. Grimm is entitled to the gratitude of every thoughtful member of the community. His excellent letter in reference to the Saturday Review and the late Revival in Scotland, that appeared 'in your issue of the 29th ultimo, should be widely circulated. May I ask you to find room for some further information on this remarkable phenomenon of Religious life. The Sock, under date, Feburary 27th, has the following: —" Fortunately we have the most trustworthy chroniclers, for men of almost every denomination, Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Free-Churchmen, Wesleyans. &c.;, Ac., e.g., Rev. A. Bonar, Dr. Cairns, Professor Blaikie, Lord Polworth, Mrs. Barbour, Dr. Andrew Thompson (whose admirable work on the Holy Land is now exciting so much attention), Mr. Balfour, the Rev. Messrs. J. Macpheison, Arthur Rees, W. Skerry, Arthur Mursell, D. Lowe, Thomas Boyd, Leitch, Mackenzie, Mackey, Dr. Macdonald, &e.;, have alike borne their testimony in the pages of the Christian, to the extent, the reality, and the genuineness of the blessed work.'' After quoting from Dr. Bonar the Sock proceeds. To the same effect Mrs. Barbour writes : " One of the first things that would strike a stranger who came to examine this work of grace was the absence of excitement, even at the time of greatest interest. There were doubtless crowded churches and halls, most earnest preaching, hearty singing, and many moved to tears of penitence; hut there were no articulate waitings, no prostrations, no sudden outbursts of rapture of which we have heard so much in former revivals. We account for this by the fact that the Spirit of God has done more, and man less in this work, than in any similar awakening since tho days of the Reformation." I believe that every charge brought against the actors in this extraordinary movement by the Saturday Review, could bo satisfactorily refuted if necessarj. I wonld, however, submit but two questions for tho consideration of your readers. First, it it likely that men of such note as those named in the Sock (and they represent thousands) can have been so thoroughly misled, so outrageously hoodwinked as to mistake what, according to the Saturday Review must be religious buffooneiy for the work of the Holy Ghost P Is it likely, as a matter of common sense, that they are all wrong, and the writer of the " Comic Gospel " the only one right ? and, 6eoondly, m iy we not assume that the true state of the case is this : Messrs. Moody and Sankey are " terribly earnest," and therefore offensively enthusiastic ; the work is of God, therefore it must be wonderful ; the result is superhuman, therefore unpalatable; and since tho testimony is undoubted—the facts undeniable—only one course is open to caluminators. Bespatter the agents ! satirize the whole affair ! This has been done, hence Tho Comic Gospel." This adverse criticism was only tobe expected. No reformer ever diJ escape censure—no movement for good ever was acceptable to all. Sure am I of this that we could receive no greater blessing at this time, than a reproduction of those heart stirring scenes that have lately taken place in Scotland. Yours obediently, I Holy Trinity Church, Grenfell, 8th August, 1874, P.S.—Since writing the above I have met with the Report of a recent Convention in Glasgow, when Mr. Moody answered some practical questions. I subjoin the reply to one which bears upon the present subject. Q.— " Would it not be well, Mr. Moody, for you to answer some of those fnlse statements that have been made against you in the daily papers? " A.—" Well, when I have not got anything better to do I will do so. If a roan that is working for Christ has to answer all the lies the devil starts about him, it will be all he can do to answer those lies, and he will have no lime to work for the Lord. I have no sympathy with going into the newspapers, and firing into this man and that man. What we want is to preach down nothiEifr but the devil, and to preach up nothing but Christ. When I was converted I gave my reputation into (he care of the Lord ; to Him I commit it," (The Christian, May 7th). WHAT BREEDING AND FEEDING CAN AC- COMPLISH.—Mr. R. Geelan yesterday, to decide a bet on the matter, had one of the yonng bulls weighed which he bought laBt autumn at Ulladulla. The animal is exceedingly well formed, but few persons from his appearance would have thought that he would have come up to anything near the weight he did—viz., 1015 lbs. He was bred by Mr. Ewen, and was just twelve months old on the 28th of last month. Mr. Geelan ha9 fed him with hay during the 'winter and housed him at night, letting him run in a small paddock during the day; but altogether he has not consumed a ton oT hay; so that he has proved himself as worthy of his keep as the labourer of his hire. High breeding has had the most to do with his development, however, for an ordinary beast that might be got to such a weight as a yearling, would require to be fattened up to the eyes, and would consume double the quantity of food that thU one haB done. i The most remarkable feature in the beast, indeed, is where he gets his . weight from, for he is not out of the way in size, and is in middling condition only, being in this respeot very different from the pedigree stock fattened up for show at an exhibition. Solid qualities of this sort as to the weight of a beast when slaughtered and tho quality of its meat, or the dairying properties of a cow, are too often lost sight of at exhibitions where the judges are guided by certain set rules about the different points of an animal. We notice that at the meeting of the Metropolitan Society, on Wednesday last, Mr. Lowe proposed a prize of the Society's silver medal for the best fat ox, under four year old, either Durham, Hereford, or Devon, that will upon being slaughtered produce the largest quantity and best quality of meat for tinning purposes. It was resolved that, in view of the difficulties said to bo attending tho offering of this prize, it be postponed until next meeting, in the meantime tho secretary was requested to write to tho Sydney Moat Preserving Company on the matter.—-Braidwood Dispatch. ? ARTHUR R. BUCKET. A. R. B. ? 