MUDGEE. (From the Western Post, March 10) SNAKE BITE.-On Friday lost a child of Mr. Shad low's, a farmer at Menah, was brought to Dr Rowl- ing's surgery, having been bitten by a snake. It appears that the child, which was only thirteen months old, was standing by the bedside of her brother, who was ill, when the snake came from under the floor across to the child, and deliberately struck it on the ankle. The screams of the child attracted the attention of the mother, who ran m immediately, and tied a piece of tape tightly round the ankle, and then brought the child to town at once. Dr. Rowling scarified the wound and applied ammonia, and under his skilful treatment the child was sufficiently recovered to depart for home the same evening. The snake was killed after biting the little girl. It was of a leaden colour, measured over thirty-one inches, and was a most venomous and poisonous reptile (as the examination by the doctor elicited.) It is also worthy of mention that only a few days before this occurrence, a snake of a similar species, measuring five feet in length, was killed m the same place, from which it may be inferred that there was a nest of snakes under the house. A DAJNGEBOUS PBACTICAL JOKE - On Friday night last, two youths (one of them an abongmal) were fishing on the banks of the river, when a man with a sheet over him stole behind tbem and waved his hands over their heads without speaking. This sudden apparition (for the bojs thought it a ghost) struck terror into them. The black boy ran for his life, and hid himself in an adjacent corn- field, while his companion, who was almost paralysed with fear, screamed most piteously foi help It suggested itself to a couple of men living in the neighbour- hood, who heard these terrible shrieks, that someone was drowning, and on hastening to the spot the truth was discovered, and the youth found m a most exhausted and terrified condition, utterly unable to speak from his voice being paralysed bj the violence of his outcries. The black boy was subsequently found in his hiding-place, and both of the youths were brought to their respective residences. We understand the po.ice have made efforts to discover the perpetrator of this gross and dangerous practical joke, and it is to be hoped they will succeed, for no punishment is too severe for so merciless a trans- gressor. 