MELBOURNE. Saturday. The Coursing Club -has ongnged Mr. "War wick from England as judge, ho is to receivo £630 und hiB passage. Yite AnnmurAnio Candidates. — Wo 'honr that Mr. Boyce, of tho Sydney Shoo Mart in Ea9t-Btreet, ono of our late arrivals, intends eontesting tho Archer Ward with Mr. Schmidt, the late alderman who, thoagh having retired by rotation, is again a candidate for hit, old i. , — -i. _ - ., WUIU, JU WII1U11 A1U WIKi UUBCIVUUtjr ll lavorivC and held high in the estimation of the rate payers, who, we imagine, will scarcely foel in clined to throw ovor nn old and triod servnnt for a candidate who is nn. untried man, and whose fituoss for the Aldcrmanic rOle is more than questionable. For our parts, wo cannot soo upon what grounds he is ontitled to tbe snp- port of the ratepayers. We want independent men in the Council, and not any momhers of cliques or party men — there's too much of that sort of tiling in the town already — there's too little of the Tros Tyriusquemihi, <£c. prinoiplo abont us for the good of the place. Mr. Boycc is, bo- sides, comparatively a stranger amongst us, ho lias been in business little over six months, and wo think he would, have shown more discretion hod he -waited until his fellow- townsmen knew something more of him,, than as Mr. Skardon's late foreman. Ho seems to have lost sight of that excellent axiom, that 41 The shoemaker should stick to his lust" — a pieco of advice remarkably applioablo on the present occasion — whioh is fully borne out by tho fact that the introduction into tho Council of two other disciples of St. Crispin, to wit, Messrs. Charles Skardon and- Holt Holt hronght the Council to griof — a state of things whioh we don't oaro to seo repeated. Now, Mr. Schmidt, in contra distinction to Mr. Boyce, is an old and influen tial tradesman in the town, and ono of thoBe who has grown with the place, and who has a fall kdowlcdge of tho nature of its require ments, as "well as the calibre of the men he will in all likelihood be called npon to work with. So far as -the . fitness of the two candidates . is concerned, we suspect that the one will be nothing more than a tool in the hands of a party — a rdlo of which- Mr. Schmidt's Municipal antecedents entirely acquit him. Wo understand that Mr. Macfar- lane will have a walk over for tho Arohor Ward; there being no rival 'in tho lipid, nnd Mr. Nobbs (about whose qualifications there is soma doubt) for tlio Loiohliardt. Wo could havo wished to have soon Mr. Hoadriok in the fiold, as mon of his standing always, when connected with corporate bodies, give a greater weight to their deliberations, anil impart a feeling of coufidonae to tho public as to the efficiency and integrity of their measures. Wo look npon the retirement of Mr. Livermorc from Municipal aaroo as a seriouB loss, not only to the town, but to tho Council, in which hio forbooranco, courtesy, ond ability, disarmod!- jealousy, as much ns hio firmness and taot werq caloalatod to defeat factious opposition. ; -V « Countess of Belmoke." — This locally owned eolioomjr is lying off tlio Pirate Bank in the rivor, and will no doubt bo towod to town by the Mary to" repair damagos sustained in tho late storm, After whieh sho will bo laid on tho borth for' tbo Endeavor Rivor, and being a most dosirablo vessol for pas sengers and horsc9, will no doubt speedily fill up, Tub Turtle Fishers. — Tho turtlo smacks whioh were at tho fishery last Thursday hpvo nil more or less folt the effects of the cyclone, al though no fatal aeoidents have oocurrcd. The Hibernia was blown into the oortib on tho island nnd now lios embedded in tbo sand, an'd tho master (Griffin) has boon obliged to coino to town for assistance to relievo his vessel from her position. The Violet iB quite sofo. Tim Muls. — Mr. .'Paterson informs us that aone of the malls duo last night have arrived, aud thnt ho had.rooelved a" telegram limt night stating that tlio Bannua ' pookhorsos wliilo journeying down with tlio mails bolted in tho Deo sorub,. and ulthougli overy search liod been made for thorn thoy, us"yot, arc' in tho bush. Tho brooodilo mailman i was 2) hours late) and reports that tlio. gale'was' heavy nt tho township. Tlio chapcl; b6ing,blown down aiid all the housos unroofed.' The "Sunfoo."— A fow Issuos hack woro ported that tho Sunfoo', R.M.S., had grounded on her way north, and tho Port Denison Times iu alluding to tho ocouronoo says : — " Tho Sunfoo signnlisod hor arrival in Port Donisan by grounding on a sand spit off Pino Island. It ia a great pity that, she should, on hor first visit, have beon allowed to run ashore, and for the credit of tho port wo hopo tho matter will reeeivo full investigation. Tho Sunfoo wns In oliargo of tho Government Pilot, Captain Ponko, who was formerly in tho A.S.N. Co.'s service, and haB not vory often' visited this port as mate, and hut onoo, wo think, as oaptain of somo boat of tho Company's. Consequently his acquaintance with tlio entrance, whatever it may amount to, is not tlio result of long ox- poricncc, notwithstanding this, ho attempted to bring in tho Sunfoo, q vessel drawing 18- feot water;- at about 4. 30., a.m. yesterday. (January 9th), tho night' being unusually dark and vory foggy and rainy; and as a natural consoquonoo fan hor ashore. Why the Govern ment pilot on board Bliould tako ohorge of tho ship into porta wlioro thoro are looal pilots it is difficult to say ; " cortain it 1b, that gold loco does not a pilot make, nor navy hlno a sailor," and we are ntfoertain as wo can bo, that if Pilot Findlater had been in oharge, he. wonld oithor not have attempted to briug tho boat in undor tbe oiroumstancos, or if ho bad had suffloiont confidence to attempt it, would bavo justified that confidence by bring ing hor in safety. Wo repeat that wo hopo tho matter will bo thoroughly investigated, as it is not right that tlio reputation of tho port should suffor for the rashness or inoompotonco of any one." "Anaus" ExtiUorDinary, — Knowing tho anxiety that existed in town for tho latest authentio nows ' relative to the Iosb of tho James Patcrson, we despatched a reporter to Masthoad -Island in tho Leichhardt, -and yesterday morning published a full account of the wreok, together yrith other 'important matters in an' extraordinary, whioh wo issued to our town and suburban suhsoribors, and reprint its contents, with somo corrections, in to-day's issuo -for tho benefit of our country friends. The " Polmaise."— Tho sore subjeot of tho loss of tho Polmaise is again cropping up, and wo understand that a furthor inquiry iB to 'bo instituted into the matter under tho auspices of tlio Board of Trade. The Gale. — From tho observations fur nished us by sovoral motcorlogical (amateur) bsorvors, wo are induced to believe that tho gale which visited us on Thursday last was but tne tan end ot a oyotone, tlio lull foroo of whioh was in St. Lawronco and its neigh borhood. It appears that at Broadsound the gale was felt most severely, the foroo of the wind boing so great as to sond into - the creek nn -inunonso tidal wave, whioh nearly swopt away tho pilot buildings, nnd played "OldHarry" with tl;e wharf. Iii.fnot, tlio weather, was un precedented in Broadsound, and the' barometer according -to Captain Hirst's reading, wns 29-96 (7 29-09), and as low ns 28-0 ( p 29-0). Mr. Lnngloy's instrument, . which is ono of tho host and most sensitivo in tho colony, recording at 9 a.m. on Thursday 29-265, with a S.E. gale and raining at tho time, lmd at 11 a.m. it registered 29-193, with a heavy S.E. galo anibheavy rain. Mr. Langley who has beon mOBt partioidar in recording the readings of his instrument for years past, says that tho Barometrical registration of Thursday last was lower than over ho remomhered in Rockhampton, but considers that tho licavcst part of the gale, lio betwocn Broadsound and Fort Maokay. The weather on tho coast has been very stormy during tbo last fow days, and it is feared that the stranding of tho James Paterson is not tho only accident we shall havo to ohroniole, as tho Leichhardt on her inward trip from tho wreok, passed a con siderable amount of wreckage off Capo Capri corn, apparently of some largo vessol. We sinoorcly hopo it is not tho Landsborough. The Yaamha Roads.— Yesterday afternoon Carroll, tho Torilla and Cowarral mailman, arrived-in town from Yoamha ; ho reports that .owing to tho whole of tho coaBt country boing \- flooded by tbo late deluging rains, and tho roads being scarcely passablo, ho was aompelled'to retnrn and come via Yaomba. Ho reports that at Raspberry Crook ho wbb detained for 76 hours, and desoribes tbe storm on Thursday as something fearful ; it struok terror into tho hoarts of tho residents of tbo station. Immense trees havo been thrown down in overy dircotion, fences levelled to tho ground, and nearly all tbe station buildings with tho exooption of tho main ono wero unroofed. Three head of outtle wero killed by fulling timbers, aud Carroll found tho road to Yaomba strown with huge trees. Carroll reaohed Yaamba on Sunday and learned that tlio roads beyond that' town woro . im possible. Tho storm was fearful on Thursday, and all, tl;o gardens in the vioinity hod greatly suffered. - -The river rose - 0 "feot on "Sunday night, and from the tremendous ourrent that was running yesterday morning thoro was every appeamneo of flood waters coming down. Whon Carrol! loft yeBtorday tho Nobo and St. Lawrence mailman had not put in nn appear ance. Unfortunate, — An instance oonncotod with tho loss of the James Paterson has come beforo us, whioh has provodthot importers who insure their goods in transitu are always the gainers in tho long run. About twolve months ago an old rosidont of Rookhnmpton — who was looking forward with pleasure to tho day that a rich . relative would givo up tho ghost — prooeoded to Sydnoyvin ordor that ho might bo handy whon the timo did come. Howovor, tho unkind kinBman would not shufflo off his mortal ooil until nearly a year after tho pxpccted time, whon our old rosidont duly oamo in for his share of the spoil. Now, wishing to mako tho moat of his mondy, he decided on planting bin busi- flesS standard .in Roohhampton, wbioh hd con sidered the most flourishing, placo in Queensland and thereupon sot about buying his stook nndor pcoulinr advantages for 'cash, which boing a vory tenqiting commodity, our friond got somo real good bargains, and after having mode all his pureliaBOS, shipped thorn in tho James Paterson, but savod tho insuranoo ; the result boing that by doing . so ho may lose all his sliipmont. Wo point tliie inataneo to importers as.a practical illustration that importers should always insure, ns in tho .long run it will pay for itself. \- The Enoubk Mails.— Tho Balcultha whioh loft Maryborough yesterday for Rockhampton, brings with hor tlio Queensland's English and otlior mnilB, and is oxpeoted to arrive this ovoning by 7 o'olook. sonoOL of arts. — wo ousorvo tnat an en tertainment is being got up by a Mr John Stewart, ia sorio-aomio vocalist of somo reputed ability, to oomo off to- morrow ovoning. Tlio objeot of the concort is to ralso funds for pre sentation to tlio boat's orow of 'tlio Paterson that brought tbo "men of tlio wreok to tho Pilot Station, and wo havo littlo doubt that tbo result will bo most satisfactory in a monetary sense. The Pilot Station. — Yesterday afternoon tho Mary aftor having received a coating of 2 inohos of oomont to hor boiler got up steam and proceeded to tho Bay for tho purposo of taking Mr. R. Forgusou, Government Clerk of WorkB to tho Pilot Station nnd Capo Capricorn to insp cot tho buildings at tho former plaoo and tho site for the lighthouse on the latter. Wo aro glad to seo that our remarks as to tho repairs to tho Mary boing dono by Brisbane instead of Rookliampton .workmen has stirred up tho authorities, nnd this timo they havo givou tho work to Rookhnmpton tradesmen, who wo aro oonvinocd will mako somotiung liko si job of it — not a botoh. Scholastic. — By our advertising column wo notico that Mr. G. Ei Ichor's olassical academy, roopons after tho Winter vacation. The standard ' of education imparted by Mr. Pilohor must be a high onor considering that not long ago, ono of his pupils, son of ono of our oitizons who received his olassioial tuition at the bands of Mr. Filolior, ontorcd tbo Sydnoy Grammar Sohool, and spoodly became third boy; ho has sinoo matriculated at tho University with groat -credit. Suoh a - recommendation as this for Mr. Pilohor, odght to onsuro him a goodly number of pupils for tho forthcoming sehol- lastio term, especially when there is aery for a olassical shcool in Rookhampton. Immigrant "Vessel. — Tho Tim Whiffler, Im migrant ship, hound for Maryborough, lias a quantity of RoOkhampton cargo on board, and wns anchored at tho White Cliffs yesterday morning. Police. — Nothing transpired at tho Police Court yesterday, with tho exception of four drunkards being doalt with, ono was fined and tho other thrco woro disohaged with tho necessary caution. Fire at Quinlan Co.'s.— About half-past 2 o, clock this morning a firo broke out in the stables at the rear of Messrs Quiulan aud Go.,s stores, next tho A. S. N. Co's., Hotel. The fire ball quickly brought together a number of tlio brigade, who at onoo started with tho hose, and under tho command of their Superintendent, did their utmost to Btop tho progress of the flames. Water howovor, was not to bo had at onco, and the store itself soon oaught, and was speedily being redacod to ashes at the timo of our going to press. The occupants of the hotel, at tno first alarm, comnfonced removing their goods, some supposed prematurely, but it is feured that tho flames had obtained such an ascendancy as to render fruitless all the efforts of tho Firo Brigade to savo that building. — Courier, January 17th. 