Bengala; or Some Time Ago AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY THE AUTHOR OF TALES IN THE BUSH, &C.; CHAPTER III. LANGVILLE. Langville was a new stone house, with a handsome suite of sitting rooms, and every other convenience, including a wide verandah round three sides of the building. The ori- ginal dwelling was still left standing, half bur- ied in creepers and was now used for a school- room and spare bedrooms. From the drawing- room windows were seen the farm buildings, forming quite a little village of huts, with, a horse-mill, a forge, and a wheel- wright's shed, the overseer's cottage, extensive fowl-houses, a good water-hole and stock-yard— all of which Mr. Lang was justly proud of. The road lead- ing to the house was worse than even the usual average of colonial roads, full of holes and stumps, and Mr. Herbert never failed to remark on this inconsistency every time he went there. ' Your road is not improved,' said he to the Miss Langs, as he gave his horse to the servant. 'Quite good enough,' said Isabel ; ' a friend is not worth having who fears to encounter a rough road ; you must confess there is a beau- tiful view. I don't believe you have seen any- thing so pretty in your journey as those hills.' She pointed to where the morning mist was clearing away from the distant country, and range beyond range looked deeply blue. Then laughing, sbe said it was all envy that made Mr. Herbert find fault. ' That view is very fine, certainly,' said Mr. Herbert ; ' but look there. ' He pointed to the bush at the side of the house, a forest of dead trees, looking like grim ghosts — tall, straight, and white. They had been ' barked ' ' — that is, killed by cutting away lines of bark, and when dry and dead enough, they were to be set fire to, a short way of clearing ground when labour is scarce. 'That is enough to spoil any view,' said Mr. Herbert; ' but have you been, industrious at sketching since I left? Come, where are your views of Darling harbour, and the North Shore ?' said he to Isabel. ' I have none. I have been busy reading lately. I really have not touched a pencil since you left—' ' What have you been reading ? have you subscribed to the library in Sydney ?' ' No ; but I have been reading, and reading grave books, too. What do you say to this, and this ;' said she as they entered the sitting-room, ;md she pointed to some books on the table. Mr. Herbert opened them, turned over the leaves, and then looked at the title- page, but said nothing. ' Ah, Mr Herbert ! very kind of you, I am sure, to come so soon. Won't you step into the other room ;'' said Mrs. Lang, who now came in. ' Looking; at the books ? you always are fond of books, and so is Issy, I assure you. Mr. Farrant is kind enough to supply her. A very nice young man that is. lssy, my dear, you should cover those books, they are so well bound.'' ' Yes, mamma,' Isabel answered, while it was evident from the sparkle of fun which rippled all over her face as she glanced at Mr. Herbert, that some joke was coming. 'Well? What is it ? Speak out, lssy,' he said, coming to her side, though there was a little suppressed irritation or annoyance in his manner ? ' Oh, nothing ! Only what did that elongation of the lip mean, just now ? Are not the books good and desirable ?' 'Good and desirable, as far as I know. I don't profess to have read all. But of course — of course ? ' His words rolled out more rapidly, and the head went up with great effect. ' Of course, the clergyman of the parish is or should be the best judge of that' she puts in promptly, and looking again very demure and as amiable as possible. 'Oh!' said Kate, 'Mr. Herbert, you have yet to learn what an authority this is come to be. lssy swears by Mr. Farrant in everything.'' To his quick and keen look of question at these words, Isabel answered, without raising her eyes, ' It is my character. I must obey some one, and I have been so strictly drilled into following advice, that — that, while one adviser was so busy counting fleeces, I was forced to hang myself on to another. At all events, a legitimate one, isn't he, Mr. Her- bert ?' 'Legitimate! Of course you are free to do as you like. Reading is, as I have often told you, very desirable. I should say indispensable for a gentlewoman. But if my memory holds right, you never cared much for it.' ' I am learning now ! I feel a very keen desire for knowledge. You see, an introduction to the great world, meeting all the elite in Sydney, shamed my ignorance. I longed to hide myself. Directly I came home I set myself to learn, and remembered your own words.' There was something indescribable in her manner and look, as she said this. The comic affectation of a primness, not naturally hers, and yet under all the joke and fun, a touch of .heart in her eyes, as she glanced at him, as if to say, ' Don't be angry with me.' He never could resist her when in this mood, and coming quite close to her now, and looking her straight in the face, he said — ' Tou remembered my words ? Well, Issy, for that — in that you did think of an old friend in his forced absence, and were not wholly taken up with new admirers, I shall strive to forget certain reports I have heard. Give me your hand, child. Is it as it was ? I mean, no one has come between and cast me into outer darkness ?'' . 'Indeed, no ! No ;'' she said heartily, and giving him her hand, which he clasped between both his own, and filially, not letting it go, he drew it on his arm; when they were summoned to breakfast. ' But these reports ?' he began, as they went in after the others. ' About failures, bankruptcies, and so on ?' she asked saucily. ' No ; I speak of reports nearer home, about you, and this district. Did you like your gaiety in Sydney ?' ' Pretty well. It was pleasant to see Kate so admired, though, to be sure, I did get sleepy and tired of sitting out, and being so silent. '' ' Why silent ?' ' Because I had no one to speak to ; Kate was sought by everyone, but I, poor I, had to look on, and behave pretty.' ' Ah ; you don't mean that you were over- looked, that you received no attention ? ' 'Very little.' But it didn't break my heart as you see.'' ' It is not what I heard. My information was quite different. I expected to find you ' set up ' and too proud to speak to me. I was so impa- tient at being detained up yonder. Really I was uneasy as to what change was coming to the wild little girl I left here.' ' ' Afraid lest your office should be taken from you? ' ' 'What office?' ' ' I mean of critic, fault-finder advice-giver.' 'To whom ?' 'Oh, as if you didn't know; As if I didn't feel like, a fish out of water, when I had not you to give me weighty and grave advice ?' ' Can I do nothing but advise and find fault ? If so, you i can't be very rejoiced at my return ;' ' And who said I was ?' .' You are not then ?'' 