MR. IRELAND'S HAMLET. Mr. Ireland's impersonation of the part of Hamlet has confirmed the general estimate formed of his abilities by most playgoers. Much interest was evinced in his per formance on Wednesday evening at the Royal, as, apart from his popularity as an actor, it was known that ho had long been anxious for an opportunity to essay the character in Melbourne, prior to'his leaving the colony. - If a crowded house and a very enthusiastic audience operate as incentives to an actor's efforts, Mr. Ireland must have felt himself nerved for the task he had un dertaken. There was, however, something in his manner at the outset that betokened much mental perturbation and want of self- confidence, and it was not until the opening of the second act that he appeared to have recovered his usual confidence. Mr. Ireland has evidently studied the peculiar character of Hamlet with great care and much intelligence. Having made up his mind that the Prince simply simulates mad ness for the purpose of revenging his father's murder, he proceeds to work out the idea faithfully, aud without having recourse to the rant and stage business npon which so many artists rely for effect. In doing this, however, he. fell into an error in the oppo site extreme. The impersonation lacked vigor and decisiveness of tone. It was in parts extremely weak, and in minor details defec tive. This was especially the case with regard to hiB delivery of the text. His elocution was extremely , fanlty .at times, and several of the soliloquies singularly ineffective. In the actual acting he wasmuchmore felicitous. In the acenonpontheramparts, wherehe puisnes the ghost, and again when the circumstances of tne murder are disclosed to him, his ex pression of horror and astonishment was trnly artistic. The interview with his mother was excellently tempered, but the scene between him and the gravedigger was perhaps the most meritorious. In the famons soliloquy commencing "To he or not to be," he follows the example of Mr. Fair- elough by entering from the side scene and throwing himself suddenly into a choir, where he repeats the words in a -sitting, contemplative attitude. This mode of treatment is no donht judicious, but somehow' it was one of the weakest points in the performance. The scene with Qphelia requires very delicate handling, and though there was nothing very sttiking in it as represented, still there were evident throughout traces of long' and careful study. It was not as a whole a portraiture that could be considered either great or original, cer tainly it was not one upon which ail actor could claim the position of a star of the first magnitude. It was what might have been expected at the hands of one devoted to his profession, and who possessed, in addition to natural -' advantages, the intelligence and diligent application for which Mr, Ireland may claim credit. ;He was villainously sup ported. In the firet place, Mr. Garner, who was allotted the part of the King, ab sented himself' without leave, and with out sending any explanation . of his conduct, and Mr. Dampier had con. seqnently ' to take the' part, as well as that of the ghost ; and as this actor, cannot possibly conceal his '.personal identity in any role he undertakes, ; tbe performance, was so far. 'marred. ' Mr. O'Brien made some sad slips in the text: In his address to Laertes, Instead of- saying "to thine own self ;be , true," he reridered.it '"to, thine own end he | true." Miu Carey, except the emotional, was passable. There was little to notice I commcndably in the acting of the remaining members of the company. Last e vening tho play was repeated, but the attendance was not at all encouraging. 