MAIL ITEMS. . The following are items of news by the Mail:— . The eldest son of the Imperial Crown Prince of Germany was confirmed at Potsdam in the presence of a brilliant assemblage, including the Prince of Wales. During the ceremony, the youthful Prince read out a confession of belief drawn up by himself, in which he vowed to lead an evangelical life. The Kiver Oxus, the great stream that waters the fertile regions of Central Asia, has been opened to steam navigation through the greater part of its course to the walls -of Khiva. This feat has been performed by the steamer PerofFski. ■ Russia will now have water communication with the lately con quered ILhanate, and will be able to reinforce her garrison there without braving the perils of the arid deserts of. that region. The-Turin papers announce the death of the^Professor of Canonical Law at the Turin University. Nepomuceno J$uytz,:who made himself, famous by his writings on Canon ' Law, but drew upon him at the same time the excommunication of ihe Roman Curia, lie was descended, says the Cologne Gazette, of the 7th inst., from an old Dutch family, to which the distinguished traveller also be longed who has given his name to a part of South Australia (Nuytsl&nd.;) The Vendome Column in Paris, so barbar ously destroyed during the reign of the Commune, is now. restored, the last stone having been placed on Tuesday. The Go vernment hesitate to replace the siatue of Napoleon I. at the summit, for fear of en- i couraging the Bonapartists. ! Motfe trouble is reported in the Southern American" Stateg, At Trenton, in Tennessee, the negroes have organised an armed force, threatening to exterminate the ^vhites. The ; latter, having succeeded in making several of the negroes prisoners,: lynched sixteen of the ringleaders, . . . . Some German, working men have written (b $ismarCkf 8ttiUu^ that tjhefU W visited on Roman Catholic Bishops for any future attempts to kill him, ^and a successful assassination is to be followed by the death of the Pope himself. We learn by telegraph from New York that the Investigating Committee bare adopted a report fully exonerating the Rev. H. Ward-Beecher from the charges brought against him, and that the members of the Plymouth Church have, with only one dis sentient, Mr MoaJton, the " rnu.'ual friend," passed a resolution of confidence in their pastor. On the plea that the court was not impartially constiluic-d, it is said that Mr Tilton refuses to accept its decision, and will pirry the case, in an action for damage.s, into ii Court of Law. President Grant has issued a strong con demnation of the atrocities recently perpe trated in various States, and has requested I Mr Beiknap, the Secretary of War, to con ; suit the Attorney-Genn-al regarding the out-' j. rages that ha*e been committed, and, in the ,j localities where the greatest danger prevails, j to order all.available troops to be employed j in case of necessity. All requisite proceed ings are to be taken for the protection of the ^community. On iiis return from Iceland, the Danish King visited Edinburgh, where he experi enced an enthusiastic welcome. A fleet of 14 steamers went out to escort the royal party, and the city was gaily decorated in their honour. The Princess of Wales ac companied her father back to Copenhagen flic Piince of Wales meanwhile ha* figured »'n a series of festivities at Plymouth to'cele bi-.-jte the opening of a new Guildhall costing £<30,000. On one Way there was a-gi and Freemasons' demonstration; on the closing day a military ceremony; and a performance ot lhe " Creation " at Guildhall. In the United'States, the agitation for the next Presideutal election in l?s7{> has already commenced. The Republicans of Pennsyl vania have taken the lead by refusing to nominate, for a third term. General Grant. This resolution is probably decisive, but it is of course possible that the" General,'if he de sires to remain President, may aecept the overtures of the Democratic party. The" Pennsylvanian Convention put forward as a candidate, Governor Har?ranft, who "is said, like. President Grant ^himself, to have per mitted las dealings with the public money. I President Grant has been attending a great Methodist camp-meeting. Just -before he took his departure, the President shook bands with the.preachers on the stand, they in the meantime ringing as they took him by tk* hand, •' Say, brother, will you meet There has been a prolonged discussion in the London papers relative to emigration, principally to Canada. " ABohemian" pub lished in the Times some doleful letters on his experiences and observations in the United States and Canada, which have-' elicited replies from Edward Jenkins, the Rev. Mr Herring, and other promoters of emigration. A Philadelphia Society, estab lished to assist Englishmen' in distress, re commends the temporary suspension of emi gration from Great Britain to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cruel misreprsentatives of agents in England are strongly denounced. Artisans especially are warned against leaving England. The quality of the men sent out is much complained of in Canada. The limes pronounces against Canada on account of the severity of its climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference. Yet larfce cargoes are still being rhipped off; 500 laborers and their- families left last week, and the agricul Sfiual strike having collapsed, Mr"*'Arch threatens a wholesa'e deportation to Canada. Mr Taylor, its Secretary, has gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish emigration has greatly declined. One hundred and thirty emigrants from Shetland have have left in the steamer Schiller for New Zealand. Eighty deceived emigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin -in a wretched condi tion. The Austrian Emperor has arrived in Eng land incognito to join the Empress in the Isle of Wight. An ex-M.P., writing to the rliinc5. suggests that the self-supporting colonics should bear the expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy ■cruising in their, waters. It is the practice "f the Dutch Colonies, and the Press gener ally thinks it worthy of imitation. The sloop Sappho, 720 horse-power, is to be immedi ately commissioned for service on the Aus tralian station. The Colonial Secretary has agreed to act as arbitrator betwefru British Columbia and ithe Dominion fdr the settlement of a disagree ment respecting the terms of union, provided both Governments agree to accept his deci sion as final. Sir Henry Holland has resigned the Assist ant Under-Secretaryship of the Colonies, aud is the Conservative candidate for Midhurst. In a public address to the electors, he strongly advocated a closer connection between Eng- | land and the colonies as advantageous to I both. I Mr S Wilson, of the Wimmera, Tictoria, has offered to place £1,000 at the disposal of the Acclimatisation"Society for'the purpose of introducing English and Ca.lifoniian salmon, which' generous -offer has been ac ' cepted with thanks. The real state of Garibaldi's health has been the subject of many contradictory re ports in the newspapers lately. The subjoined-' is an extract from a letter just received from ' Sardinia:—" General Garihaldi is so otwell i as not to be able to hold the pen in his hand or move his arm. He cannot by himself bring food to his mouth, indeed he cannot move at all.- He now receives no one except his most intimate friends." The Greatness that Never Descends to Read IS ewspabebs.^ A respectable man has been defined as one who keeps a gig; but a cut far above your resppctable man is the ■ man who does not read a newspaper. Mem bers of the two Houses of Parliament never read newspapers. They would not, indeed, touch a newspaper with a pair of tongs. No great man, no one pretending to importance, ever avowed that he read anything of which he had to complain, or upon which be had to comment, in1 a newspaper. It is always "brought under his notice," or his " atten tion was drawn to it." Never does it come naturally in his way in the course of his daily reading. The fact is always brought to his i knowledge, as his articles of dress and use .'are brought to his hands. He is waited on with the news concerning himself, and would |.tio more think of learning it t»3' the use of his own eyes than he would think of brushing his own elefches or cleaning his. own boots": All great folks have got friends wfo read for them. We are always mightily impressed when we see or hear that some one " has had his attention drawn to certain comments," which everyone else has read with his own eyes.—Albany Fnnblangue. England's Doom.—JNow, let us face boldly and state in the plainest language what the industrial decadence of our country, \\\lte(}ypr it comes, sooner ot l^ter^ ttUl mean whon it IITWeg—wjil e great measure Wttn w|,w it begins. (Statistics are unnecessary here; they cannot be precise, and might give rise to useless controversy on details). It will mean that wo shall lose one foreign market after another; that we shall gradually cease tu manufacture for other manufacturing coun tries; then that those countries, after supply ing themselves, will mcetus and heat ,us in neutral markets ; finally that we shall be,re duced to the supply of our home demand— possibly to secure even that market by re currence to a protectionist policy. This will be a terrible reverse—a momentous, and it may be a miserable, change. It must in volve a vast and gr&ve; metamorphosis; it may, but it need not.Jnvolve ruin. The ex tent an3 depth of suffering we shall have to undergo during the .sad progress and the weary ttrtiyfjle will, depend upon Low soon and how. distinctly we recognise the coming revolution, and how wisely and courageously j we meet it. The great, ultimate, naked fact we have to look at is this : The home demand for our iron, cotton, woollen goods, &c.t; may be about one-third of the whole ; we manu- j facturc mainly for foreign consumption. 1 About one-third of all our productive industry is all that we can hope ultimately to keepgo ifg. Two-thirds of our artisan population, therefore, must cease to be—or to remain. That vast proportion of our import* which is now paid for by our millions of exports will have to be foregone, or to be purchased by other funds. To speak broadly, lite popula tion of these islands, which is now maintained by agrisultme. commerce, and manufactures, wijl have to be maintained l>3r agriculture and commerce almost alone. We shall, therefore, only. ..lie ab'e to. support 20.000,000 people, instead of 30,000,000, as at present. England wilt become a second Holland, greater, richer, more powerful than the first. But she may be a prosperous and happy Holland still, if only she sees her destiny in time, and girds up her loins to meet it as a great nation .should..—Mr W. R. Greg, in the Contempor ary Review. A letter from Rev. Joseph Dare, undated, •appears in the Wesleyan Chronicle, giving an aeeount of his voyage from Sydney, and touching at the Fiji group. In a footnote the editor says :—" Mr Dare preached in San Francisco, and created quite • sensation by &19 sermon. Some stay was made in Utah among the Mormons. He visited Baltimore (vrhei e lie was the guest of the Rev. T. Guard, ■D-D.), Chicago, New York, and various other ciiies and towns of interest.. At Troy, he was present at the national camp meeting at Bound Lake. His sermon, before this great Methodist gathering, is thus reported in the Troy YVhi*; :—4 The event of the meeting was an exceedingly masterly sermon by the Rev. Dr Dare, of Melbourne, Australia. The test was from Matt, xxviii., 19 :—Th'e Father aud the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The first half the discourse was explanatory of the doctrine of the Trinity. It was a won derful sermon. At its close all the people said. *' Amen,'' and sang " Arise, my soul, arise !" ' Dr ' Dare, as he is styled above. left New York for England on 18th. -Ed. W.c." 