SOMETHING TO READ. The onrious accounts of the doings of Mr. Poster, the Medium, whioh are appearing ' in the various newspapers are very sug gestive. Many people, very many people, I am told, regard the operations of Mr. Poster \ as being of a nature to cheer the soul with the hope of immortality. I have no desire to disturb them in their belief. Anomism, or the dootrino of the existence of aotlve spiritual beings, is a better oreed that somo whioh have beon expounded to me, only I have not the good fortune to comprohond it. It ie, however, of so auoient an origin that its teachers are supported by a series of pre' cedents which reaches back into .absolute barbarism. So far as I can learn, tbo Spiritualists be- lievo that inside their bodies (they arc not quito certain where) exists a thing which animates them in the same way that they animate their coats. They affirm that wbon they sleep, or becomo cxtatic, this thing gets out of them in somo mysterious way, and goeB on journeys, sees visions, or perhaps, if the ecstasy be too exhausting, or the Bleep be the effect of an overdose of chloroform, stops away altogether. They are further of opinion that somo other porsonsbave their envelopes so strangely constituted that tho wandering things can cntor therein and becomo momen tarily rehabilitated. This belief is, however, by. no means confined to the Spiritualists, It is common to almost all nations when in a savage state. In fact, tho further wo remove from the influenoo of men of science, profes sors of logic, or dootors of medioine, the more numerous do we find the Animists be- como. A man who told a Laplander that tbo ghests which he saw were not objectivo spiritual visitors, bat subjective phenomena of mind, would be regarded with almost tho same contempt which would greet bim in the drawingroom of tbe White Hart Hotel on tbo night of a seance. And he would bo justly served, for it has beeu always considered extremely bad taste to scoff at a religion which is abreast of tbo highest intellectual level of the people among whom it prevails, and which is an absolute part of their moBt advanced knowiodge. But you and I, my dear reader, are not sooffers. Wo are only two people who are going to have a cbat about one of tho topics of tho day, and see what we can mako of it. And wo'begin by discovering in the first book which we open that this wonderful power of Mr. Foster's has been exercised to a much greater extent in former timcB than it is now, and that in comparison with a Tartar Shaman, a Greenland Angokok, or even a Roman Catholio Bishop of the middle ages, Mr. Bos tor is a very poor porformer. The Green- lander — a priest of course— can not only see the souls of the dead, but he cau feel them, and has frequently declared tbem to be soft and luscious things, like tho roe of herring, or melting blubber. Among the Finns, a highly respectable and , virtuous people, the professional ghost-seer makes a handsome income out of his eyesight. The Karens are noted for their knack of second-sight, the Caribs' frequently are visited by tho wraiths of tbeir sick friends, while the natives of the extensive though but partially civilised island of Madagascar have long ago anticipated the doppeigauger of Dr. Dummerfcoph by their practice of dis agreeably beholding presentiments of them selves when on the point of death. The Ozibway Indians are adepts at the cabinet trick, and the Brothers Davenport would have but little chance of succeeding in Sjberia. In that portion of the Russian em pire the medium not only allows his hands to be tied, but suffers his head to be bound between bis thighs 1 But then ethnologists argue that tho baok bone of the well, educated Tartar clergyman is extremely supple. In Central Asia tablc-tnrning is a com mon mode of divination. No respect able Buddhist would give a pin for his sonl nuless be could " rise in the air," as Well as "stop the earth, and overturn the sea," and I am sure that if Mr. Home or Mrs. Gnppy oau float about their drawing-rooms, every good Catbolio will admit that Saint Dominio, Saint Dnnstan, Saint Phillip Neri, Saint Ignatius Loyola, and hosts of others, I long ago set tho laws of gravitation at defi ance in the same way. The Cook lane ghost, in the person of the naughty little Miss Parsons, was considered bjr somo unbelievers in Spiritualism to have originated the tribo of rappers. But the rapping ghost is a very old friend of mine. He was well known to the ancientB, and made a prodigious noise on one oocasion, as Pro- feesor Strong will tell you. The Welsh miner has met him many times. The German peasants call him the poltergeist, and iu Crete he plays the very deuce and all with tho fur niture. In China tho planchette is a favorite instrument of the gods. A plateful of sand and a clothes-peg with two handles is all that Is necessary. Two men conault tho Divine Being, who — if the copper coin and rice be judged sufficient— makes tho elnthea peg wriggle about in the sand, and so communicate his message. Wo are all aware thatFranoiB II. is in the habit of writing his name on pieces of 'paper whenever the Baron de&oldenstubbe; has a mind to amuse himself, but wo may not he aware that the great and good men tho Bishops Chrysanthius and Mysonius, who 1 happened to die during the sitting of tho Council of Nicma, wore obliging enough to appear in the nigh tj -and sign that valuablo document known as tfie Nicene Creed. In point of faot, the necromancers of the presont age are a pitiful set of fellows. Thoro is some fun in a magician- like Vir- gilius, who could set down a company of knights to a banquet by tbe clapping of his hands ; who could make trees blossom in winter, and clotha tho stone aisles of a church with fruit and flowers. There is even somo fortune in wrestling with a gentleman like Cornelius Aprippa, who turned lead Into gold, and would transmute you a handful of coppers taken from a Col- lingwood cabman, Into sterling sovereigns fresh from Colonel Warde's mint. Merlin was a jolly blade, and not without a human weak ness for a pretty girl, as the story of Vivien shows ns ; and for a social chat I Bhould not object to meet the celebrated Moor who made the Chessmen in tbe Alhambra fight the battle whioh was really raging on the plain. Not to go so far back asZtroaater or Pythagoras, let as oome to Apollonlas. of Tyana, who was horn tho same time as Jesus Christ. This t ' person was of great parity of life, and im mense natural talentB. Amongst other feats he raised a girl to life, by merely taking her by tho hand. So says, at least, Phllostratns (Lib. IV,, c. 45), an his torian whom many folks think quite worthy of credonce. When tbe heathen con jurers died, tbe power of bedevilling one's fellow creatures passed very naturally to the Christian olergy. In the Middle Ages these gentlemen had it all their own way. They not merely startled people of the Guppv order, bnt they had kings and emperore snivelling before them. They need to fly through the air leagues in a night. They were accustomed to smite unbelievers with leprosies and palsies. They healed tho Bick, and raiaod the dead. They even made the Devil himself build churches for them. But a nnmher of old women one day imagined that they, could do these fine things. _ They sot to work — according to the inquisitors, who trio cithern — to utter potent oharms such as Hax. Afax. Pax! or Bam. Bam Out! and thus Compel the attendance of dcvile. TheBo dovilB wore fellows of mettle. They were none of your ordinary cigar-smoking White Hart-living gentlemen, bnt genuine devils, with hoofs, and uorns and tails complete — devils, in faet, quito as goad ns thoBo who responded to the adjurations of tho clergy. Thentheoldladies had high jinks. They killed cattle and strangled babies, and danced and drank, and really outdid their olerioal rivals altogether. Now if wo eonld got something of this sort I should be content. I am quito willing to Bi'gn parohments by the waggon-load. I I will bind myself to commit any number of Crimea. . I will swear never to go to church any more. I attend any nnmher of Sabbnts and waltz with any number of Gor man ladies on tho Brooken-top. I will do anything whioh will ensure my ouriosity a sight of the good old Devil who, iu the old days, camo to the rescue of the unfortunate. Imagine a polite gentleman walking into The Herald office, and saying, with a smile, "Here is a first- class passage by the Baroda, Mr. Clarke, You will find a draft for £30,000 in your right waistcoat pocket, and a couplo of trunks full of jewels in your cabin. You will oblige me with your signature ? . A cross the bill." Do you think that I wouldn't sign? Wouldn't I ? Wouldn't you ? Marcus Clarice. 