EIGHT DAYS' MISSION. CLOBIVO MBBTtNet, ' I \rm»j>iT evening a closing rocoting in connection vrlthllio bight Days' MiFeion wa« hold In tbo Masonic Hall, York-strfct, at half-past 7 o'clock; the Bishop of Sydney in tbo chair. Tha room was densely crowded In every part, larg« numbera bclnp] unnlilo ti gain entrance at the doors. It is eupposcd that thrro rovst have been fouie 1000 portons present. Oa tho platte.m (besides numerous ladies) were tim Vcrv Rev. the Dean of Sidney, tho Ke>. Mr. J/tuglcy, tho Rev William Lumn'.amc, tho Rev. Innen R I,. Jung, the Rev. Mr. Moreton, tb« Bov. Mr. Gamsoy, the Rev Mr. Taylor, tho »cv. Mr Wilson, the ll< v.« John Vaughan, tbo Rev Mr. Boi'n, the Rev. Eduard Smith, tho Rev. J. N. »anning, the Rev. Mr Macartney, tie ltev 0.1 Sheppard, tho Rev. T. B. Trees, tho Rev. CUUOB Stephen, tho Ile". Mr. Dixon, and o'htrs I Ihc procecdiags were commenced witU thi staging of byninl No 4 of the Mission njmnal-'. Awake and sing tho song of, Mo'cs and the Lamb. * ! 'Jbl- Bishop of bvjiMtv (th« hymn having been snag) said that! the objcot of their meeting here, togethor wat to expreso their! thanksgiving to Almighty dod for the blowings that ho had* lettered upon thtin during the last -neck, and also with the object ot hearing those who werowitb them as Mirsion prcnolir-s and olhort, who had been speaking to them spiritual instrnuion, »rd he trnrlcd that conviction might ho received by them under the blessing of the Holy Spirit, from the words which they in ght i he enable d to give. It waa uo part of tho «venins'» proceeding, to d*ell upon the particular! oi ihe Mission m tho different pariah». The work nas ot too sacred u character, aad also too recent Mi be brought forward ia such a manner as would satisfy tbo «erre for information at a publie meeting. Tho effoct, bo treated of the meeting would yet appear. Tans far they had boen inest, encouraging. So lar os he had gathered, their highest anticipation) had been more than fulfilled, and it would be i.n gratciul in them viere they not publicly to expresa their thanks givirg to the'r Heavenly Father lor the grcot blessing? wlilr-h j it hail p'ciisad Bun to baslow Vi lien the subject wa* met ? mooted uniong term, tho lew who wot together from week to »oik in tho vestry of st. Philip'» Church, appealed , to hint to eanoilon such a ili«son as hat bo-n origma'cd in the mother country, and had boen carried out with vtrv rcmaikahlo snercta in the city of London mthin .th« past rear. Ho could only tbanktully i aoknovtlcilge the goodness of God, m palting «nob a thought in o the hearts of hi» beloved brethren >> tiatever he wat »b.e to da to aar'rt them he gladly and «bci.rful'y did Bis part had been a very »Soiple oat, and tboy were'chieBy indebted to ihoio «no first met tOftclhtr for prayer, tul tb.cn proceeded to wo k , prayerfully logttherwiih a great object in view. The Uov Canoa O'Reilly, tho Rev. Mr. Langley, and a few others eel to work, and a public invitation waa given to the clo gy in the rtiococ of Brit- ney to unite anti meet together 1er such a parpóte ; ead the usu ii ettpr were taken to ask those who had ox pa icnce in »Boh mnttcr*. They obtained the ateiitancc of hit d<ur brother from Melbourne, the llcv.Kr. Macartioy, and his fcllow-v>orhor tho Bor. Mr. Campbell, who at s great sacrifico of time, and at groat incon- venience, hod given up four of their Sundays from their work in the colon) of Vittoria, and they had laboured, since tho time thor had come amongst ut without any intermiaalon or tessation. Others had oome to ut to glvo us their aaalîtanco-among tlura Mr. Dixon of Newcastle, Mr. lies« and Air. Boyce, front the diocese ef Bathurst, and some others, of whom h» believe 1 s^ma to be c'.crgvmen, had alto cerne from the country, and hal asso- ciated with tbo City of Sydney, and to all these kc tendered his vety grateful thanks for the manner in whioh th<v h k1 undertaken and carried out tho excellent work Yn trutted lo them. The accounts that had been ghnn t* bimrelf and otktrs from elifforent parties had boon of a most encouraging nature. His idea wa» that a «leaton of this kind might rekindle and call into more vigorous exercise «ho life that dwelt in the toals of lemo-that the spark ot divine Ufa might, In tbe souls ot such men as these, bo fostered aad brought forth, until thoy might break into a flame of loro ta tho divine Lord. He alto thought It te be of tho utmost importance ¡n ihn city that a banner should bo held up under whioh tome might bo encouraged to enlist themselves, and that a testimony shoal i lit . borne to the community at large that there was something better I and higher than the ordlaary occupations of life. Thia departure from the ordinary effort« of evangelisation, and this com binatien of eliott and union for prayer-^bat did they mean! That lhere were many in tho *ity of Sydney in danger through trantgreaaion of perishing, and that the on v way of rescuing them from that dangar wat the reception by moil of the got pel of ont bletaedLord and Master, Ho waa thankful . to say that he had not been disappointed In the expectation of good at the result of tho co-operation of Christians under Gcd's Icsslng. In one cale ino efforts of Mr. Botle, and of these vtho were aesoolated with him, had 1-cen carried out with a degree of snoacsa fir ¡ beyond what tbo highest hopos «ould bave anticipated. Ile truly boliovcd that tho week pa«twas one In which therp hod boen .abundant cuise for the angels in Boat en to rejoice; aad for hie I part he did rejoice. He thanked God and prayed that thin might > be but tho dropping* of rich and fertilising showers of bledinga that iii manya young heart in which the preparation for eon ifirination, as he had learned from the testimony of several 'of his clergy-there had been erivon the trat impulse towards a Ihettcr life-that they might live well through this life tu that .which wos to come. Theyprajed that Christian people might Ibe strengthened and emboldened to do moro aad to speak wore ithan tbty had done for their Divine Master. This evening, Il t e «mission c ergymen would address them and engage with thcui in prayer. Ho bclioved that the Holy Spirit would rest on tho ¡words that hud been tpokon, and that I he j wonld be blest to tho edification of mtny souls for Jesus' sake. Amen. Tho Rev. Mr. Dixon, of Newcastle, thanked God for tbe Vot- ings which had been vouchsafed in the salvation ef immortal souls. 'J he desire which was nearest to tbo Christian heart, after tho desire that km own soul thoald bo saved, wa* the aalvation of the sonls of others ; and tho porson who had not that desire might question ¡very much whether ho himself were ren'iy saved. He trusted that they all had a wlah to sec tho salvation of thoso with whom they carno in daily contact. This was a duty which had been »specially taught during tait Mission week. Both the mission elcrgjnun, their brethren in tho Church ministry, and tho lally in the Church had been working together ; Mid thi« waa a circumstance Ituat ought to.encoUrago them in their ministerial duties and their parochial work, for there bad been during ¡ho past week, euppllod to them, another proof that, Christianity was a great lever, for persons through the Grace of Cod ano the operations of the Uoly Spirit, had bein lifted sp out of the depth of sin, degradation, and depiavity. Ihc work during tho past week had bees that of God and not of man. Ho had observed many instanoes where, through ihc working of the Holy Spirit, men of all ages, even to that of 70 years, had been brought from a fife regardless of reli- gion to one of happtBces in Christ Jesus. It might be «aid that for months prcvloua to these meetings machinery had been at work; but they mail not forget that tb* work was that of God, and that he had cent hie bices ina to accompany It. It wat truo that they had retired as altar, and that machinery had b»n set in motion. Bat the Holy Ghost had descended upon tbem, and woDderfnl thing! had been wrought in the same ef the Lord Jrtus Christ Many in whoso hearts the lore of God I had long been languishing had been quickened, and thi« quioken îng called for devout thankfulotu te Almighty God Many also who had been living in their «Ins had turned from them. Many who had been the slaves of last had been enabled through Chr et to rise from the gtavo of corruption to new-neat of life. Scores., bundi eds, and thousands during this mission week had been lea W seek the Saviour, and to look at the crucified one, and to begin that life whioh waa tbo forcruancr of an eternal one with the Lord.' Ihese resulta bad arisen by th« divine blessing, through meetings held In weakness and la confession of unwortlitne«». Another object of tho meetings h.d been to speak couneel to those who had already given their heart« to God. Tho Christian should not allow the business of the world to inferiere with bl« duties to God ; but in tito morning h* should ask God tor His guidance and for Hit grace and providence to pretcot him and keep him during the earea of the day ; and in ?ho evening the Christian éboula acknowledge God's care durlnj the day, and pray that His grace might be continued towards him henceforth, They thould seek with God's help to connner their besetting jins, and thould not forgot that they had taken upon themselve* the ChrUttia profeuion, and had promised never to dishonour the cause of Christ, or the 8avlour*e name. The Reverend Jons VÀUOUAÎ. then addressed the|mecting. He said there was one passage of Scripture whioh now very forclb'y occurred te him, and that wa* thi*:-'' Bring hither the fitted «alf, and kill it, and let u* eat, and be merry. For thi* my coi wa« dead aad ¡«»live againt be Was lost, and is lound. And they began to be merry." They too were met thor* that evening , to rejoice: tbty too bad all goodreusB'to be'glad. They'were a»et therefor Uteaarjameaf pl^thaak« to ttMrtaot).tntloai li,) - , V " '\ J ' i .... Kälber, that lio bnd been ploBtcd (o hear their pnyeri, and . lo reatoro lost one» to His favonr ; and that In this the lard their heavenly Father lind answered the prayorB of Ills penp e. They oflcicd their (¡rattful 11-ariir.B to God for having thuo answered their pravcrs, for that Ho had answered them they could not have the altghte at possible doubt. Ile alone had been pleiscd lo raise to a higher spiritual llfo thoso who wero llrlng in Jems Clnist, and He h»d brought hack many loat lamba in'o the Hnviour'a fold in anbwer to their united supplication». There could not bo tho slishtctt doubt of tim, for they had been drat humbled Into tho ve-ry dust before Elim, »rd then llo bad raUed ftm np to boar the Word of tho Al* mighty to Ills people. Thry thanked tho lord that Ue hall taken ho d 01 Hu on a dear children, and hal obliged them to go down to tho depths when they ought rather to have been on I'isgah's tops-, but alter all no had led them homo again. It had been most diatinotlv rcaliecd that they had been rawed up in Christ, end had been taught how to find pence in Hun such as they had nc»cr known before. 'Hie Spirit ot God had revealed Himself to the people, and lind «bown thom the ways of tbo Lord, lhcro wert two of his own flock whom he had otten tried hard to save, but without success, and he rejoiced to tey that tho Lord had bronght them both Into the Church last week; that He had convinced them that they wero sinners, and now thtj wero both einging to Jesue- " Bate, safe in Ilia breast." ThUB had theie two penon« been brought to Chriet, and for this and all that God hail wrought they were all taught to »ay, "Not unto us, not unto ui, O Lord, but unto thj name bo the praise " To tho Great Matter they should give thank» fer this-to Ulm who had laid to thom, " Ye »re my witnesses, yo aro my wltnesaes " And now, while Ho hold their hand6, let them think of what God »aid to thom-" To aro my wltncffe«." You have opened your hearts to reoelv o tho Ufa giving (ratha of tho Gospel, and you are bound to bear testimony to othcra who havo not vot bren ao blessed. You »re witncFSca to this truth that it 'is God, through Christ, who has tared you, bo ready to giTe the aid of your ble«»cd expericnoo to othcra. B'cssed be God (taid the speaker) I tttnd hero to-night as the witness of the Lord Jcsut , and you havo to remember Ihn oiery one that is so «ved muvtbo sucht witness. They oonld now say " Lnet week 1 was in tho darkness, bat new 1 am in the light-new I walk in the I.ord." Lot them rejo'co ihtt such waa tho eaic, but let them elso reflect upon the obllgttiona of their present position. Tbcy were to bo witnesses of Christ Jesns In all their ways, remembering always that they were tho Lord,'«, bunding completo in tho Lord their Saviour, they were noror to be P6bnmid ol the Lord Jesus, but wero to bo ohccrfnl-rejoicing In their hope. Ho (the speaker) said to » young lady tho other day, who had found the Lord, " I need no ono to tell mo that you haye reeeiTcd the Lord Jesus ; I «ee it in your g istening eye, and in the air of snprcme happinesi whioh v on evidently ponéis " She replied, " 1 am gltd to heal you say that, for I only received the Lord Jesus during tho last week." The Lord wished to IMT» all his people a liymn-sinclag and a rejoicing people, and thom who received Christ wore bourn! eheorfully to work for their Master ; and he had much work for them to d* in that large city. Then let them begin at once In their own households, and an abundant blessing would be vouchsafed to them. If they oould not speal. to those over whom they might posses» some influence, then let them irrite, and God woulu blest their efforts. Ho would «leo remind them that the Lord was calline them to work in their Sunday school», andas district visitor»; and to such duties they thould all be ready heartily to derott thtmiclvca. Great rciponsltiUities would now rest «pon tilt clergymen of this city. In their churches, orowdod Sunday after Bunda}, much was going to be elono; for what had as yet been dono wti but a» the dropping of the thower. Let thom priy, thorefore, to sustain tbo hands of their ministers, and make them all moro toual to the work that wa» beiore them lie believed tho Lord waa going to oonscorute a large number of young men in thi» city for ni» work. Tho mtater fwa« calling many yonng men to the good work of Christ, and would bless the efforts of there who took up tho work. Whilst others were getting a blessing, let all see that thev quenched not the Holy Spirit. Lot them seo that they dovotcd themsn'vea earnestly to the Lord, depending solely on the merit» of the Lamb. The Dev. Mr. YAV onAf then engaged in prayer ïiteJtthhymnof the appointed selection was then aung "O, brothers, lift your voice» " The Rev. Mr. Cixrsm i then dolivorcd a very improairc »d dreis, bat ng his opening remarks on tho text in Iiaiah : "V\e joy before theo according to the joy ol the harvest," Ac I he rov, gentleman declared his gratitude to God for tbo »blindant outpouring of Hil Holy Spirit in this his nativo city, »ml cx preticd a hope that twenty young men out of that great meeting might be feund reidy to devoto themselves to the mln'.'ry, He Invited those who might wish to join him in prayer to assemble to-morrow evening, at St. Peter'» PartonBge, in v\o>l. loomooloo. Ho earnestly besought »11 who hetrd him not io «How themselves to bo In anyway prcjuellcod »gilnit the c"d cause of the mies'on, undertaken as it was for the oonrert on "f souls. The rev. gentleman engaged in prayer for a 1,'essing on the Mission movement, not only in New South Walo», but in all the other Australian colonies Tbo meeting ihcn, with great effcot, sang the 15th Hymn " Safe In the nrnis of Jesus " The ROT Mr GAtxsrv addressed the meeting, Imploring nil who had bren fully awakened to a sense of «In, and eomfortt 1 by God's pardoning grace, to e'o all that they touM for tho fallen. Ho exhorted them to perievere in such a work, assured bv GnJ's blessing thereupon. He touched also upon the maree of Intemper- ance und of drinking ouatom», and gave a practical hint as to the cxpea'ency of providing decent heme» for tho poor. I The reverend gentlcnan engaged in prayer, suplilicatlnçthe' Divine b'essing upon all efforts to raise the fallen and to br.ng them back to Christ. j The Ker. H B. M'CVBTKFV next addressed tbo meeting, la tarnest tern t ho dwelt upon the power of Christ to bless the world, and pointed out io his hearers how they should shape their! couTlo to come within the influence of that power. By the exer- cise of faith, strength would be given them to grasp the proiilsci of God to keep hit commandments, and to become conformed tv the imago of his son. Teace «nd love »nd power won d be bestowed, and the Christian enabled to walk in what wa« called " the higher Cbrlatitn life," although thal should bo the ordinary life of a Christian. In closing his address, he urged his hearers to go for- ward into the shuni of the olty-the drunkards' hotie», and the; homes of tht fallen women-with tht view of the réclamation of tieso degraded creator es. Mr. M'CABTKEV then offered prayer. ', TheCnAisMA> besought the prayers of tbo aiaembly on behalt, of nn effort to awaken the attention of the memhers of the houio" of Israel to thtlr etindlng before God, and aunounctd that a ser- mon specially addressed to the members of the Jewish periuavlon, i weuld be preached ia the Cathedral next Sunday evening by the Btv. Canon Robert King. Tho hymn beginning " AU hail tho power of Jetu's name," wai then sang, mid tho Bunor clutcd the proceeding! with the apos-¡ tobo binceUclion. i FT 1'At i.'s -Mlsslom prctcher, the Btv. t. D. Langley, of' Berrima; Incumbent, Canon Stephen. The minion ia this thurah commenced on Thursday, the 6th, with a prayer-meeting, at 7 , a m , followed by t celebration of the Lorn'» Supper. At the usual - Biorning service the sermon wat from Psalm lxxxv.. S. At the children's tcrvlce, at S p m., the addie»» wat founded on to,« ' first rene of the hymn " I lay my »hu on Jett» " The itrmo* in tbo evening was on the " Parable of the ten Virgin»." There was an alter meeting, willoh was attended by «bout two-thirds of ', the ccriyregatlou. The attendtuee throughout tho dty was i large. And tb« results of the children's service very rtmarktble, ' the tint fruit» of the rich harvest reaped during th« week. On Monday cverlng the sermon waa on the oleansiugof Naaman the | Syrian; on Tuesday evening on the Braren Serpent ; on Wednes- day evening on " The Great Multitude," from JZev. vii. 0 ; on Tuureray evening on Jesu« the Saviour of His people; on Friday evening un the Prodigal Son. The congregations at all thtiesor vlce3 woi c v ery numerous, inorcaslng night after night, till toward i tbeendof the week the church WAB fulitooverflowlng-nearlv all j remaining to the after-meeting for prayer aid praise, which were conducted by the incumbent and the mission preacher, insisted on | one occasion by the Bishop and tn »nother by tho Rev, G. Midd i- j ten. The7«.»n.prnycrmeoting»,inwhlohtheclcrgy were assisted by several laymen were ulso well attended, mud much enjoyed u the conclusion of each service and meeting inquirer« remained ' behind tor personal conanltatlon with the clergy, who vtuo I occupied many houri every da) till late at night in giving tl.un counul »nd direction. In this duty thoy received mnoh valunbl« ' »Id from tom« of the "workers" On 8aturd»y evening Hum was a thanksgiviag service, to which only those were Invited who had reason to believe thiy had received benefit lrom the mise "n There were presen« on this occasion 230 peoplo. On Sunday, tiiu llth, there w« a numerously attended prayer meeting at J ,i m , and one for the Sttndty-sohool teachers at a quarter past 0 At the morilug service the sermon was on the " Birren Furtrej " and at th« evening service on " Abiding in Christ " In the «fit-r noon theio wat a eptoiol service for men only, at which 173 "ii nn weroprescnt, Tb« sermonwts on the elna »ndtemptntiom«,i ¡men in large cities. Tho mission concluded vnth thcceteWtun of the Lcrd'a Supper »tier «.vening servite, at whioh ÏS3 per mis { I communicated. The church was orowilcd at the two principal j terriers- forma and other teats being placed up tho aisle« and in 'every available space; the ordinary church accommoda', cm , being thui increased from 680 to «bout ,00. ' Sr. IAXL'S, liuuwoon -This special effort commenced ni ¡h.s gtrish on Sunday, the Cih December. Tho ohmch WAS ti It, t otu morning and evening.' The Lord't Supper war tdmiclsicn I alter tbo Hum. «orvico. The subjects ot the sermons prsuclu i by the incumbent were-" Prayer for tho Holy Spirit" (I.A , 11 c., IS v.), »nd " The he»vy laden InviUd to Ch in " (Matt., 11 o, SB v). Week-evening lerrlces woro ht.il In 'the Church, with after meetings, lhere was a large attendmcj cn every evening, and a considerable number remained for thoili .votiosal meetings, The subjects of the earnest and foi hful fermons preached by the mistioner-the Rev. t. G. Boullinv, were it followt:-Monday-" MMI'S lost condition through tin." (Isaith, 1 e., 3 v.) Tuesday-" God'« remedy 1 ir Sin." (1 John, 4 cj 3 v.) Wednesday-" The »ppH c»tion of tho remedy." (Luke, l8 o, 42 v.) Tmiri. day-A Frayer Meeting wat held in the schoolroom. On Friday, tbo Rev. J. C. Corlette preached on "The persond acceptance of Christ " (John, lo, 12 v) Sunday, 13th, the in- cumbent preached in the morning on "The G ¿pel, a source of richest bleisings-(Isaiah, ii c , I v )-and in the evening on " St. Taul's vitvr of his life »nil tenth" (Phi'ippiana, le, 111-21 V ) Tho church wai crowded in the evening. Tho Holy Com- munion was administered. A largo uuniber received the symbol* c1 Christ's body and blood, ard were strcngthcacd and rcfreahu 1 with the bread of Lifo. Concerning the aptrltntl results of the minion week, it is too loon to make inquiry. ! VVATKBIOO.-The somots were held every evening in the w eek, «nd tho attendance wts greater at each succeeding ono than tho former. The whole mistión was marked by deep, quiet, yet fawcrfal religious feeling. It was felt by all that the work w as of God aud not of man. Ko loss than 240 perions of their own free will decltred thtir resolve, by God's grace, io lovo and sene Christ. It is believed there were many moro influenced for good whoie cates «re sot known. The gospel was simply preoehwl With faith and prayer, end left to do ita own work. Many who Were at (¡rat opposed to it now thank God that they wet« privi- leged to attend It. Kneourtging service» were also hold on Tues- day «nd Friday at Mr. Vtndcnbrook'e boot faotory, and on Thurs- day morning «t tho Kcrotene Works during the lnea'e dinner hour. Crowds also congregated to hear ¡IT. Dixon, tht mission nVcacher, at the open air ttrviccs. SUICIDE.-The Albury Banner reports that a man known as William Daley, alias Budge, alias Betel son, who had been working for a farmer at Mullengandra at various times during tho patt thre years, took up his quarters at Mr. Chant's White Horse Hotel, at Bowna, having then just left the service of Mr. Owen Daly. During his stay at the hotel the deceased would seem to have been drinking pretty freely, and at midnight of Saturday last he went into tho room of a man named Nolan, asking to be allowed to remain with him. Nolan agreed, and Daley lay down on the bed. On waking on Sunday morning Nolan missed the deceased from the room, and observing that Daley's hat and boots wero still lying by the bed, he rose and weat to Daley's room to seo if he was there. Tho room, how ever, was empty, and Nolan, thinking something was wrong, immediately gave the alarm, and went himself in search of the missing man whom they found hanging to a tree in an adjoining paddock, quite dead. From the manner in which tho deceased had carricd out his purpose, it was evident that tho act was performed with the greatest deliberation. The branch to whioh he had fastened tho strap was not more than two inches in diameter, and the deceased would appear to have boen afraid that the loop would slip and prevent tho completion of the deed. He had, therefore, placed a pieoe of rag between the strap and the timber in order to prevent slip- ping. These preparations made, he must have kept the strain of his weight upon the noose until he became un conscious, as when the body waa discovered the legs were touching the ground 