CHURCH OF THE HOLY TRINITY, WESTBURY. OPENING CEREMONIES. WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. This being the day fixed for the solemn V opening of the new Roman Catholic al Church at Westbury, by the Most Rov. D Bishop Murphy, arrangementswore made l for giving eclat to the ceremonies, and spbcial efforts were made to render the T music as - perfect and attractive w as possible. The programme in- of eluded the celebration of solemn ci High Mas ? oram Ponlrftee, the choir, C with full orchestral accompaniments, to c perform Mozart's No. -XII. Mass. aF dedication sermon by the Very Itev. 'a Julian Woods, of New South Wales, now ti on a visit to Tasmania ; and a service 1u with sermon in the evening. For some a years past it has been the earnest endea- vor of the Rev. J. Hogan, the Catholic pastor of Westbury, and his congregation to secure a building for the worship of Almighty God commensurate with the growing necessities of the people, and the more modern ideas of church architecture. The old wooden church has outlived its purpose, and the procuring of a new build ing has been forced upon the members by irresistible circumstances. The re- a vered pastor has proved himself equal to the emergency, and the work commenced w some, years ago, through the instiumen a tality of Father Hogan, aided and en- w couragad by friends outside as well as tl within the membership, has been so far f brought to completion as to be in a fit tb etate to be opened for Divine worship. f the state of the times did not permit of a the erection of- the church as a consecu- re tive work. It was thought prudent not C unduly to press the completion, whilst fe the badness of the seasons and the losses 01 of the settlers had evidently impover- c ished those who desired a suitable house t in whicli to worship God, but whose C wishes outran their means for the time I being. e In all this the people had the a advantage of the wise counsels of their S pastor, who, however, availed himself, in 01 the meantime, of every opportunity of A adding to the building fund, Father Hogan at the outset having, as' will be remom bored, shown his personal sympathy by the liberal donation of £100 placed on the Oi foundation stone. - As was to have boon expectedh such a noble display of zeal for bi the Lord's House had the effect of stimu- t iating the liberality, of others'; and we are s informed that Protestants as well as cc WRoman Catholics' have vied with each r other in subsaribiug to the 'funds, when w appeals have from time to time boon made be to them.' Our space will not allow of te elaboration on these traits of religious t sympathy at Westbury. ' Both in the hi dedication sermon and at the ban- lo quet in the afternoon, judicious di reference' was made to these Pl thing,' and it was an evident matter t of pride 'and congratulation thlt a m building so capacious, substantial, and th ornamontal had at length attained to f suct a state as to forbid the longer delay Bi of the opening ceremonies. In order to facilitate the transit of intending visitors, arrangements were made wit the Railway ho Mianagr for a special train to leave ce Launceston at 2.45 p.m., calling at inter- ob mediate stations, and returning from 'Sc Westbury at 0 o'clock. By the ordinary ra morning train, at 8 o'lock, a large num- Bi ber of persons started from Launceston, Cl including several of the clergy, and many th members of the choir and string-band. th The heavy downpour of rain during the in night, and the consequent gloom of the v morning, not forgetting a vast amount of D mudw teit hadtboon, -washdinto. heaps by. o tie water in the surface drains, no doubt of induced many persons to 'halt between two opinions with regard to carrying out F, their previous determination to proceed N to Westbury. Discreetly, the pronoters M had no idea of postponing the ceremony, bi although reasonable doubts might have T, been entertained of 'something like oa V failure, owing, to the threatening state of D the weather. However, the crowded con- B dition of the platform at the chief station A showed that many were undaunted by w difficulties, and- determined to encounter H them in a brave spirit; and they were H fully justified in their resolve, as no 3, sooner had the train made a start than the j, bright blue sky betokened a clearing of the b weather, and no more rain fell during the day. At Perth, several more clergymen were in waiting, having arrived by the mail, and at several other stations there were accessions to the, number of W?Vst bury-bound passengers. On arriving at the picturesque township, everything l was astir, and althoungh it wanted a full hour to the time announ ced for comomencing, the precincts of the church were thronged with persons from all parts of the district, anxious for 1' the opening of the doors. It is time, however, to give a.brief description of P rTIe BUILDINGO which has been erected from plans do signed by Mr Hoenry Hunter, architect, a of Hobart Town. It is plain Gothie, ll built of stone, and is calculated to sOat n comfortably 800 persons, not too large for v the expected rquirements of the congre- 0 gation. It contains a Nave, seventy-sir a foot by thirty-one feeoot three inches ; two Transeopts, each twenty-three foot by tlhirtoon fooeet ; Clhancel, twenty-six feet by C twenty-throe foot ; Sacristy, eighteen feet by fourteen footi; Tower Entrance, nine feet by nine foot ; Baptistry, ton foot by' teo feet; Lobny, ten feet by toen fooeet; approach to Organ Gallory, ton feet y tlen foot. The Organ Gallery, which is at the west end, extends the whole width of the Nave ; and ito dimensions are twelve foot I deep and twelve feet from the oain floor, being lightod from a very beautiful oriel window of stained glass. It is approached c by a flight of stops through the tower on the North side. The other cntranco is at the west end.. There is also a private entrance to the Sacristy on the sooth, side. The walls are built of squared rubble iron stone in irregular courses, lighted by five double lighted windows, and the rBaptistry and applroach to Organ Gallery by a single light, with ruby stained glass. The Transoets are lighted with three single lights the same as the Nave. The Transepts are also lighted I by two oriel windows with stained glass, containing emblematical subjects. The Transeopt roofs are supported by moulded a Gothic arches resting on freestone pillars. The Chanicol is approached from the Nave Iby a flight of tlree steps oxtending tho whole width of 'Nave. The Clmncel Arch is of dressed deeply moulded free stono, supported on octagon freostono pi I lars with bases. The liancl Arch on the Chancl floor is twenty feet wide and thirty-five feet in height. The platform is raised four steps from the Chancel floor, and on this the altar is placed. Teo old altar (Gothic) is to be used at present un til a better and a moore suitable one is funuisied. A Reredos will then extenud rthe whole width of the Chancel. The / Chancel is lighted with three windows. The east end winidow is the gift of Mr a John Barber and family: it represents the Noatlivtl, tis f.'ucfi'6on, and .r the Iesirrectiomi, with artistically en f rished borders ; the colors are exquisitely h beautiful. 'This presentation window 'came from the establishment of Messrs Couttes and-Son?, London, and is an ad- vi mirable work of art. Another window is m; of stained glass in two lights each, one ve representing St. Patrick and St. Bridget, TI the patron saints of Ireland, the gift of Mr William Smith ; and the other " The ad Annunciation," the gift of the Very Rev. Vicar-General Dunne. A third window, also of stained glass, is the gift of Mfr Dignam, formerly of Westbury, and re- th presents "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," Wl the church being dedicated to the Holy di Trinity. Tlhero are also presentation th windows by Mr D. Burkoe, Churchwarden of of the church and Warden of the Muni- Vi cipality of Westbury, emblematic of' the wE Crucifixion ; and another. from funds I collected by~ Mrs Steward, representing Faith, Hope, and harity. All the stained glass windows, with the excep- th tion of the Barberpresentation at the east b. end, are the artistic work of Messrs Ure and Forguson; Melbourneo, and are well of worth inspection and study.- All the w leadlights were made by Howard - Bros.,' re Launceston.:: The whole of the roofs are hi open-timbered roofs; the main roof is hi constructed with framed- wrought'. and m chamfered timber, Oregon pine, springing u from freestone corbels, every alternate ti one -boing- half-principals. The inter- w mediate rafters are of colonial blackwood. it The height of the main roof from floor to A apex is 51 feet. It is contemplated to w stain the pine and' varnish the' whole It when there are - funds" in hand tl available for the- purpose. The n whole of the roofs are slated, and un the apIex of each gable is ornamental freestone. The height of the walls is twenty feet; to the top of roof fifty- two at feet. The Tower is at present carried up P a : part of the: height and temporarily covered in.. The Tower, when finished n according to plan, will be seventy-one feet from floor line. The altar rail is of. a oak, of Gothic design, and made by Cox H and Sons, London. The. whole of the P stained glass windows were given to the 81 Church by friends, and most of the other Io windows also. The foundation was built P as a separate contract. Davener and w Sons wore the contractors for the whole b of the rubble masonry, Connolly and ft Anderson were the contractors for the w freestone. The roof was contracted for i by Ford, of Launceston. ; the doors, ft floors, internal fittings, &o.;, were exe- w outed by Roo and S3ns, of Hagley. The tI benches are open seats made of colonial aI blackwood, from the design of the archi- st tect. Only fifteen of these are at present le supplied, and the rest of the sitting ac- 01o commodation was of a tempo- n rary character. The whole of the tl work, as' far as completed, may w be characterised as highly creditable t( to all concerned. The grounds around C the building and within the fence have t( been supplied with gravel, several score C loads having been laid within the last few tl days, gratuitous cartage having been i placed at the service of the committee for tI the purpose. The opinion pronounced by cl more than one visitor from the South was o0 that it was a grand church, a very beauti- re ful building, in which' his lordship the e+ Bishop expressed his concurrence. ei THEI CEREMONY. Shortly-before cloven o'clock, the doors having been opened at half-past ton the congregation took their seats, and the gi rcurch, although not crowded,. might be b said to-have been full: .. The clerical: ar- tl rangenisnts. were . a procession, of the Bishop and Clergy outside and inside the ec Church with the. blessing of tho walls by ti the Bishop, who sprinlced holy water in l the customary way.-- The'clergy present included the Bishop, - the Very Revs. Vicar-Gnderal . Dunne, - Dr. O'Connbll, - Dean of Sydney, and Dr. 'Butler, Dean -of-Launceston Revs.D.;F:-11-Boechlnor-' of St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart Town M. J. Boochinor, Campbell Town; J. Fcehan, Launceston;i; T.-Keish, lew Norfolk ; E. F. Walsh, Deloraino; J. J. M'Kernan, Longford ; J. Hogan, West bury; M. Koohan, Oatlands; J. Noone, Torquay ; J. Holehan, Stanley ; and the c Very Rev. Julian Woods, of Sydney. The Deacons ·:of ithe Throne -wore' Deans hi Butler andO'Connell,who wore Dalmatics; ai Assistant-Priest,- Vicar-General Dunne, si wearing the Cope., The Celebrant of e, High Mass, Coram Pontifice, was Rev. tl E. F. Walsh; Deacon obf the Mass, Rev. so J. J. M'Kernan ; Sub-Deacon, Rev. ci J. Fohan ; Masters of the Ceremonies, ft Rev.' D. -. ' X; Beechinor and Rev. T. el Kelsh. ft The Orchestra comprised the following: Violins - Messrs. T. Sharp, W. Abbott, J. Chick, J. Tevelein; Violoncellos - Messrs. A. Hart, S. Joscelyn; Contra- basso - Mr W. Sharp; Flute - Mr. J. M. Davies; Cornopean - Messrs. R. D. Harris and A. Day; Organ - Miss Dow- ling. There were ten ladies and seven gentlemen vocalists present, but several of the soprano vocalists who had attended the practice meetings were tl prevented from attending through indis position. - The contralto singers were a Mesdames Hamilton and Spicer and Miss a Irvine; tenors, Messrs Sherwin, Spicer, and James, jun.; bass, Messrs G. Col- lins, J. S. Harvey, G. Hubbard, Roper, F. Ferguson, and G. H. Harvey. The vocal department was under the direction of Mr J. H. Melvyn; the instrumental arrangements were under the superinten- dance of Mr T. Sharp. The ceremony commenced by the pro- t cession of Bishop and Clergy round the outsido of the Church, when the ex ternal walls were blessed by the Bishop, who sprinkled, them with holy water. During that time the orchestra played the e beautiful chorus from Haindel's Messinah "Lifti up your Heads," which was given with - excellent effect. The proceasion then entered the Church by the west door, chanting the Litany. Tho sanctuary having beeoon entered, the customary prayers were offered, after' which the procession moved round the church, commencing with the north side and advancing to the west and south, the Bishop sprinkling the walls with holy i water as he passed. When the Bishop and clergy again reached the sanctuary the choir sang the hymn " O come let us C adore Him," &c.; S eoHIGH MeAS. 1 Hligh Mass, Coranm Poutifce, was than rcelebrated, the handsome Pastoral Stair i of the Bishop beingborne by his lordship Sat different periods of the proceedings. 1 Mozart's 12th MIass was performed by the ,choir and orchestra in masterly style. 1 SThe opening movement "Kyrio Elicson" 1 was very tastefully and smootilyrendercd. The "Gloria" also went magnificently; 1 a and so indeed did the succeeding move- I monts if we excepta trifling unsteadiness 1 in time at the close of the" Cum Sancto." \- The nsermon followed, and at the conclu \- ion the Dishop gave a short address. SAfter that a collection was made, several Sof tlheo clergy going round in twos, one a bearing the plate, and the other record ing the names of donors. On one of the d plates carried round by tlhe Vicar-General \- there was a noble pile of banknotes and is chequeos, and there was a large contribu d tion of current coin. Tie amount o was afterwards estimated at about s. £300. During the collection Mr Er Thos. Sharp played a voluntary s on the orgain. Mr Forguson sang Veni d Sancle Sl,iriils in capital style, some of t- the congregation softlo oce expressing ly their admiration of thoe performuance. w Miss Dowling acconipanied Mr Ferguson re on the-organ, .andiaMr Sharp playmug a violin obligato accompaniment. The re maining movements of the Meass were very solemnly and effectively rendered. t The whole service concluded with the b "Hallelujah Chorus," from the Messiah, d admirably played by the orchestra. li THE DINNER.C A well provided repast was laid out in the large room of the Berriedalo Hotel, when Mrs Smith's skill was satisfactorily displayed in the characteristics of the spread, to which the members of the orchestra and choir, and other 1 visitors sat down. As it' was rather late when the church service ended, all parties were prepared to do justice to the poultry, joints, and pastry that constituted the bill of fare. At the -concluaion of the repast, Non Nobeis Dominee was sung byMesars. Melvyn, Ferguson; Roper, &c.; Rev; J. Hogan proposed '" the Health of herMajesty the Queen," and said there was no sovereign. more- beloved, more respected in the hearts of the people than her most gracious -Majesty (cheers). He had compared the loyalty of different nationalities, and be had long ago made up his mind that the greatest manifesta tion of esteem, for, the sovereign was given by 'her' Majesty's subjects in all. parts of .her dominions (cheers). And it would be wrong, bad ,wicked if it were not so. They were. bound to be loyal, and to rejoice in the advantages they enjoyed as Britons. For they could not. but admit that -they -enjoyed the utmost freedom of every kind-religious, political, and in every sense of the word. Therefore, with all sincerity, kindness, and respect to her. Majesty, lie begged to propose her health. . ,The toast was drunk with every do- i monstration'of loyal feeling. - Mr Burke, the Warden of Westbury and Churchwarden of the Church of the Holy Trinity, said he had a toast to pro pose,' which he was sure would be re sponded to with enthusiasm. It might seem strange that he (Mr Burke) should propose the health of the subscribers when, '.hlie was-. one himself ; but it would ; be difficult to 1 fix upon any one to propose the toast who was not himself a subscriber (cheers). It might be said the toast would come better from Fathir Hogan than himself ; but it 1 was his (Mr Burke's) duty to tell them t that if they had asked . Father Hogan to - submit the toast he was one of the greatest subscribers, for he (Mr Burke) -saw him lay on the foundation stone the liberal sum of £100 (cheers). He (Mr Burke) was not much accustomed to that kind of thing, but as far as he was concerned what he had to say would have reference to those who were not members of that Church.: It was very gratifyingto him I to remember that persons not of that Church had. aided them not only by i their advice' and 'counsel, but also by liberal gifts ;(cheers). When they took the proper view of the. matter, that the I church was built for the honor and glory - of God, though they 'might differ in their religious views, they ought to respeoct Seach other's religious scruples, and allow each to worship God according to the die- - tates of his conscience (hoar, Bear). He invited the company to join him in t drinking success to - those who had - given to this object. He was sure none who had contributed for the building of the church were one shilling the poorer for it (hear, .hear). And in conclusion, he would say they miglt well I be- proud of the church that day, and they would long- remember the kindness t of their friends who had aided them. The toast was duly honored. S~Mr T. "V. Field made a few remarks, which were indistinctly heard by our re- I .porter.? a.advertedLtasome of.Cthoe statements of the Rev.' -Father 'Wtids, and 'confirmed and commented on them. And?he eoxpressed the hope that--soon there would bo srch a Church at Dolo raine as they had at Westbury, and if they built one he would subscribe to it (cheers) Rev. Father Hogan then proposed the health of the members of the orchestra and the choir who had so effectively as- - sisted that day. A little time ago ho was - endeavoring to get up a choir to assist at I the opening, and: a gentleman present I said ~e would endeavor to get.up a choir, c and. he had done so succeass - fully.. In the sanctuary, where the i clorgy sat the singing . sounded beauti- c fully. To most of them 'h (Itr Hogan) t had been up to that time" a stranger, but I he hoped lie should have the pleasure of their acquaintance mid their friendship; s for' they had done him a most kindly i act. ,.They had attended practice at great inconvenience to themselues, and some indeed of the ladies had caught cold and and ,could" not attend to-day in conse quence. Ho wished to associate with the toast,. "Ir Melvyn- and Mr Sharp. He had been placed under obligations to them. If he (Mr Hogan) had been an acquaintance- it would have been a kindness,. but as to most of them he was a stranger- the kindness was greater. And then the fact that he differed from most of them in religious belief enhanced the obligation, andit was with great pleasure lie saw them, braving inclement weather, and determining to be at their posts. He frankly avowed that the weather had been a source of great anxiety to himself, and when lie saw the unfavourablo state of the wea ther early that morning, lie almost despaired. But as it was they had reason to be thankful. He was thankful to the choir for having sung such a beautiful ma ass as Mozart's twelfth undoubtedly was. In his (MAr Hogan's) view it was one of the grandest pieces of music they could perform (cheers). The toast was drunk with enthru siasm. r Mr G. Collins returned thanks on be r half of the choir. Father Hogan had a spoken of the kindness of the choir, but lie (Mr Collins) could assure them the choir esteemed it a privilege to. take part in such a service. And as to the practice, P he hoped it would lead to the forminntion of a Choral Society in Launceston (cheers). Mr IT. Sharp also returned thanks, and said'Mr IMelvyn ought to have risen to n do iti: He concluded by proposing the If health of Father Hogan (applause). p The toast was drunnk with much cordi . ality, and "Jolly Good Fellow." Father Hogan returned thanks for the toast and the kind things Mr Sharp had said of him. He had been congratulated by several friends for the success of the building, but he must take a very small amount of praise s to himself. The fact was hie had been " driven on to proceed with thie building; 1- Ithe people would have it finished, and they i. were allanxious for it. They had long worshipped in the wooden church, and it was wished to have a more becoming place to worship in than the wooden church ; consequently as far as he (Mr Hogan) was con d corued, if hlie held back ihe should displease \- hIis friends. And ini doing what little lie it had done, if lse had had his days of gloom, it he had also had his days of sunshine. To Er secure aid hohad visited the home of the ry sulbstantial farmner and the hut of the si laboring man; hle had visited, the corn of iclds, annd from. the corn-fields to the ig paddock, and generally ihe was well re e. coived and kindlytreated. It was pleasant m to 0ee the Church for which they had Sa -strugglad and laboroed, for four or five years back. He thanked them for their presence and their aid, and he trusted they would not lose by such aid as they had given. There were friends of other denominations who had given, and that liberally, as well as some of his own Church; there was one who had given as much as £80, another £43, and he had reason to be thankful to all who had con tributed whetherofhiscongregation ornot. As to his own congregation, they had done what they could for the last five or six years, and he thanked them. He begged therefore to propose the health of his own congregation. He was thankful for what lihe had seen .that day; it en couraged him, and if God spared him he would endeavour to make up in the future for his past shortcomings, by greator zeal for the good of his congre gation and the cause of morality in West bury. He felt that he had never witnessed a nreater display of liberality in Westbury (cheers). r The toast having been drunk, s?r Burke returned thanks in a short speech, expressive of his idea that cha rity was the basis of true religion; and where people were not actuated by good feeling towards others, he did not think they had true religion (cheers). r Barber proposed" the health of Mr Hubbard," who had placed his Musio Emporium at the service of the choir for practice, and in other ways had assisted and encouraged the object in view. The' toast was heartily drunk . and briefly acknowledged. EVENINGo BEnRVCE. Vespers took place at the evening ser vice, which was attended by many who remained behind for the purpose. The Rev. Julian Woods again preached.: And among other things sung by the choir were Pastoral Symphony, and the Hallelujah Chorus. 