TWENTY STRAWS. A NEW SERIAL TALE. By Mrs. E. Winstanuey. [We, this week, present our readers with the first in stalment of a NEW TALE of surpassing and thrilling local interest, which includes soaie stirring soenes along tha line of coast from Sydney northward, and which we fasl certain will be acceptable to our numerous readers.] CHAPTER I. In the year eighteen-hundred-and-thirty, there stood near Higbgate, a lone, dilapidated cottage, whose little garden, stretching to the ' main road, was overrun with grass of idle growth, and foul weeds. The railings before and around this dreary dwelling were broken and decayed, and the entire place presented an appearance of utter gloom and desolation. Scarcely a whole pane of glass remained to keep the wind and the rain from' beating through the shaking, rattling casements ; and the door of the hovel, all shattered, and almost hinereless as it was. shook' and groaned as the winter blast went whistling by. Within a room in this sad abode — if such a ruin could be termed an abode — one Christmas Eve, there were seated two persons — a young man, and a still younger woman. She was scarcely past her girlhood, yet steeped in the depths of misery. But despite the ragged shawl hanging ' about her thin shoulders, she looked like one of gentle birth and gentle breeding ; and her face, though it was pale and pinched by care and want, still retained that pretty, feminine, delicate expres sion, which was its greatest charm. Her com panion, who was also clad in threadbare gar ments, had not yet reckoned niore than four nnd-twenty summers j yet any one; seeing him thus, with neglected beard and haggard cheeks, might have supposed that he had pas sed his thirtieth year of life. The interior of the cottage into which we now introduce bur reader presents a sorrowful picture of squalid wretchedness and meagre want The flooring in many places is broken — the plaster hangs loosely from the damp walls — while , fragments of the constantly dropping ceiling crunch beneath every foot fall. Here the air is heavy and mouldy, like that of a charnel-house, and noisome vermin, the frequenters of dark and loathsome places, are crawling in and about the dark and slimy corners of the building. Of furniture there is not a single article, unless a couple of stools, and an old tea-chest raised on a few. bricks — the latter performing the office of a table — can be termed such. Take a glance at the top of the abovemen tioned tea-chest, and mark what you see thereon. There are a few crumbs of bread —the remains of the last poor meal ; a crape mask j and, stuck in' the neck of a black bottle, a tallow candle is feebly glimmering. We have said that it was Unnstmas me, and a cold, bitter eve it was. Cutting and keen blew the freezing blast, as it whistled through the holes in the casements of the solitary shelter. There was not an atom of fuel in the grate over which the shivering woman was hanging, pressing her puny, wailing infant closer and closer to her aching breast, endeavouring to give it the warmth and nourishment its ailing state required. In vain — in vain, poor mother ! Thy bosom's fount is dried up, and thy chilled frame can (five nn warmth tn ._tlur. .»t» »iii~~ ' Hush, Annie !' cried the young man, in a fretful tone, at hearing his companion's moans. ' Your sighs are fairly breaking my heart to pieces !' 'I cannot help my sighs, dear Howard,' replied she; 'indeed, indeed, 1 cannot; for the; will burst forth whenever I hear dear ' baby cry.' ' The young man started up and paced the floor to and fro with hasty, angry footsteps ; and the weary woman drooped her head over her sick charge) and resumed her swaying, soothing motion. All at once the former paused ; then, after listening for a few seconds, he hastened to the door, at which he stood for some time, his ear bent to catch each sound, apparently in anxi ous expectation of some important visitor. ' Surely it's near the hour !' he muttered, in a low tone. ' ' What did you say, Howard 1' asked the youthful' mother, her face filled with anxiety and alarm. ' Nothing, nothing, Annie !' returned he, leaving the door, and again seating himself opposite to his companion. There now ensued a lengthened pause, broken only by the infant's low, wail, and its nurse's sweet, but mournful, lullaby. ' What's life worth when we cannot com mand for it even common necessaries V Howard asked, suddenly breaking the painful silence which had fallen upon them. She looked up, and sighed deeply. ' I repeat it,' cried he, in' bitter accents, — ' I repeat it ; what's life worth, when night and day, day*and.night, you have to struggle to keep it in your body 1' ' Oh, hush, dear Howard !' exclaimed the gentle, but suffering woman. ' Surely, it is wicked thus to complain at our lot, wretched though it be. 'Let us wait patiently, and pray that heaven wilr quickly send us succour.' '? ' ?'?.' ' , ' ' Bah ! I hava uttered prayers until I am tired 1 And what have the. prayer* brought me and those who depend .upon me,, but absolute starvation? ' Henceforth I shall help myself, trusting only to my strong :hands, and my stronger will.'for' all'1 the 'daily' wants of myself arid those' T love.' ' '1' '? ' '-???'? | The young- wife shuddered, and he went on in a sneeririg.Yrectlwsrfliantier. ? . ,r : ' After this dav. I am -resolved' that we know no more want, Annie ; for while there is money in the pockets and 'coffers of the rich I will 'help ' myself to a sharp 6f.it! Ay, ay, nrhelp.myselfj, and pray 'nd.moie.' '? '?'?',? 'What mean' you/1 Howard'?' cried] she, startled at his words and manner. ? ? ; ,''' ; ' ' There, there, Annie, it's of no use giving, me' that mournftil look— -it'» of- no use shed ding tears, either ; ? for neither looks ? nor tears will bring us the nourishment wehuiiger for.' ? 'I., know it— I know it!' moaned 'she,1 burying her face amid her baby's garments, and sobbing violently. 'But, unless as jl know my tears to be, they will still gush, forth to blind and choke me!'1 ? * j ' Dry them iip— dry them up^ and, strive to think as /..think I' said her husband, in ia hard tone— a tone. which belied the tender feelings of his loving nature, . hut. which . he used in order tp conceal , his, mental anguish! . She made. him no reply ; she only ? clasped: her infant closer and closer,' -while her. silent tears fell as the rain falls 'when the thunder is travelling above.' ' ? ' ?' ?? i ? ' We are homeless, Annie, are we not 1' he resumed, glancing around with a dark scowl on his handsome countenance. ' Not quite so, dear husband,' returned she. ' We have still a shelter.' ' Call you this a shelter 1' exclaimed he. ' Why the beasts of the field have a better cover to their heads, a safer refuge from the winter's storm than we have !' 'True,' rejoined she, checking the rising sob. ' We are likewise penniless, Annie.' 'Yes, Howard.' ' Penniless and houseless !' spoke he, with a sarcastic laugh and a half-muttered impreca tion. ' Oh, Howard, don't let me hear you laugh thus— don't, don't!' 'Why?' _ .' There is no joy in such a laugh ; it sounds like mockery ; like the rejoicing laughter of fiends !' she added, shivering more violently, and covering her face with her trembling hand. 'And no wonder that it should sound so, after the griefs and maddening trials I have gone through !' he said, with a groan. 'Let us be patient a little while longer, dear Howard,' Annie pleaded in a meek voice. . . ? ? : ' Patient !' echoed he, passionately. ' Pa tient 1' he repeated, wildly striking his head with his clenched hands. ' Great heaven ! she bids me to be patient ; she, site who is even now holding a starving infant at her breast !' 'Don't, don't say that she is starving, Howard !' she half shrieked, gathering her bundle of love up to her pale face and smother ing it with tender kisses. 'Bread !' he . broke forth ; ' bread cannot be bought without money, can it?' .... , 'No,' she cried. 'Well, wehaven't a crust; no, not half a crust!' ' I know it, Howard,' was the calm but de spairing rejoiner. ' And is there no terror for you in that knowledge ?' Howard asked, amazed at her manner. ' Ohj yes, yes, much, I fear V ' Then listen to me,' spoke Howard, firmly, yet, with a certain recklessness in his accents. ?k W« .»« ? a ? ?l-i . i; ? ? ? 1» -' v uauuuc puxsiuiy live an air, can we i ' Oh, Howard, do not speak in such a jest ing tone ; with miseries like ours staring us in the face, it is surely cruel to do so !' ' Indeed, dearest, I am not in a jesting humour— far, very far, from it! But I was about to say that as food cannot be procured without money, I have resolved upon imme diately getting some.' 'Yon linvff rpanlvfiri linnn nrpffintr mnnov?' repeated she, slowly and distinctiy, at a loss to catch the meaning of her husband's words. 'Yes.' 'How?' 1 ' By fair and upright ways, I have striven to earn the means of obtaining our daily bread; have I not V ' You have — you have !' ' And hitherto I have failed in all my at tempts at gaining an honest livelihood1!' She was silent. ' Very well. Such being the caie, what is left forme to do in tins strait of circumstances but to starve'br rob V ' Rob !' burst forth Annie ; ' oh, Howard, Howard!' ? ? „...„«„«=, cms night I shall lay my two strong hands on that which will command for us the common nourishment our wants require ' ' Oh, no, no, no ?' cried she ; ' I would rather die, die with my little one, than pur chase' food at the price of honour and peace !' ' Pshaw I that is a woman's cry,' returned he, with a laugh. ' Honour and peace, for sooth ! he repeated, jeeringly. ' Fine words ; very fine words, indeed, and, at the present moment, beyond ray simple comprehension.' 'For the love of heaven, Howard, pause before you take those fearful steps, which can never be retraced. Shun — shun the evil com panionship of the man you call de Foiv ; he is leading you into error — it may be to de struction and death.' ' Death !' echoed Howard, with a shudder. ' Ay, to death !' confirmed the young wife, in a prophetic, warning tone. He sat for some moments as if transfixed. . ' What is de Foix ?' demanded she. 'A highwayman,' Howard mechanically replied. ' A highwayman !' ejaculated she. ' Great heaven, guard us !' she added solemnly. 'You appear shocked, Annie,' spoke Howard, coldly and abruptly. .'And well I may be so, when I reflect that that highwayman is my husband's associate and friend ; that he is steeped in crime — an outlaw, with a price set upon his head,, and, ? ' 'Steeped in crime!' interrupted he. . Aucica uu uijiuc ill a aiuiviiig mull xufniBiiiig; himself to a little of the overplus of the rich !' 'Do not say that, Howard — do not say that I' cried she, starting up in an attitude of impassioned entreaty. ' League no longer with this'de Foix, but go to your father, and appeal to him once more.' . ' Never more, Annie — never more will I go near that most unnatural parent!' Howard broke forth, into a. vehement tone. 'Do not breathe his name to me again,' proceeded he, in great excitement. 'Don't, don't! for my brain is hot as fire!' And, breaking off sud denly, he fell down upon his knees, buried his face in his hands, and wept aloud. ' Poor Annie saw the anguish of his mind, and longed to- offer him all the .consolation in her power; yet she remained silent, fearful of 'uttering words which might provoke him further. ? ? ? ' But the floodgates of Howard's anger were' already unlocked and burst open. He saw that he was standing on the brink of a pre cipice;', that' a single step would hurl him into a gulf Whence' He could never again emerge to face the world, and be felt his impending' danger. And his wrath was raised anew .against the parent who had thus hunted and goaded him to the very verge of ruin and de-. spair. ! ' ? ' ' Upon his head rest the responsibility of this^hight's work !' he exclaimed, in a solemn, yec apggea voice, siowiy rising irom bis Knees, and staggering to his feet.' 'This night's work!' repeated Annie, in. alarm.- ''What — what are you about to do?' 'What ami about to do T' Howard drop ped, in a voice of forced calmness. ' Have I not already told you .?',' ? ? : ' ''Indeed, I am so bewildered, I can hardly tell .what you have been saying to me,' Annie rejoined, sinking upon one of the stools by 'the empty grate. ???? ? . ;. 'Well, then, I will refresh your memory, Annie. I am going upon' the highway, ,in order to find bread for you and our little child.' 'No, no !' exclaimed she, throwing herself upon her knees in an attitude of frantic sup-' plication. 'Look here !' she c'ontinued.'hbld ing forth her drooping babe ; '' she cannot last very long, poor little darling; and when she is gone, I shall hardly care to live ; there fore, do not sin for us. Wait but a little while longer,_and death will surely rid you of your burdensome wife and child.' ' Annie, Annie, you will surely drive me. crazy?' cried Howard, striking his forehead with his open palm. ' See, on my bended knees I beseech you to do no wrong.' ' it is too late to neseecn now, Annie ; i have pledged myself to De Foix.' ' A wicked pledge is better broken than kept,' she said, crouching at his feet. ' Not with the De Foix, who is now my only friend.' 'You call that man your friend, Howard ! Oh, how poverty has changed you !' ' Me and all my surroundings !' he added, bitterly. ' No, no, Howard, not so, for / am not changed towards you! ? Poverty has not wrought any alterations in me J' ' My poor, poor Annie !' he rejoined, in a choked voice, the unbidden toars forcing their way into his eyes, ' I know that you have borne all our many troubles patiently and un complainingly, and with a brave spirit, such as only a loving wife can show. I say that I am aware of all this ; and it cuts me to the heart to reflect upon all you have suffered, and are still suffering, for my worthless sake.' ' Say not worthless, dear'Howard.' ' And I have resolved to put an end to this ? heart-breaking endurance — this worse than living death. Hark !' he cried, darting to the door, and listening. 'There are footsteps outside,' said Annie; ' I hear the snow crunching under some heavy footfall.' ' It is De Foix,' said Howard, placing his ear at a wido chink in the door. ' Oh, heaven, have pity on us !' Annie burst forth, in a low, wailing cry. ' Silence, pray ! or you will make a child of me,' said Howard, unlocking the door, and admitting into the cottage a tall man, enve loped in a hugh top coat, booted and spurred, who, to all outward show, put forth the ap pearance of a wealthy country gentleman, while, in fact, he was the most notorious high wayman of the day. ? . ' Ugh ! Here's a night for us !' said de Foix, entering. ' What is the hour?' Howard asked, as he secured the door behind the visitor. ' Just past midnight. There's a regular snowstorm,' continued the highwayman, shak ing the snow-flakes from his coat, and kick ing off the white crystallized mass which had gathered about his boots ; ' such a snow storm as I never saw before. I'm well-nigh frozen to death, I can tell you. How do you do, madam?' he added, striding into the middle of the floor, and bowing to Annie. ' I cannot ask you to come to the fire and warm yourself,' she said, almost mechani cally. ' Bless my heart !' exclaimed de Foix, glan cing first at the empty fire-place, then at the shivering woman, and from her to her hus \--rutuu *v ? ?Avi-Hivi) 111/11 *r UJ |i Llltlb V U II didn't tell me that things had come to this miserable pass with you ?' he added, in . a moment seeming to comprehend the stare of Howard's affairs. ' I say to you again, why was I not told how matters really stood with you ?' 'I told you quite enough, ' was the half choked and somewhat proud rejoiner. 'Told me enough, indeed?' retorted the highwayman, in a reproachful tone ;? 'excuse me if I contradict you there ; you did no such thing, Howard Bolding. You merely said that affairs were goiug very crossly with you, and your governor wouldn't help you, but you never gave me a ghost of a hint that you were without the means of keeping a few live coals in the grate, in this bitter, kill-dog sort of weather !' ' Why should 1 make a newspaper of my mouth?' ejaculated Howard. I have entered your gang ; I have sworn to observe all its rules, and to abide by all its laws ; those facts alone are sufficient to advertise to you and all the world besides, the misery of my condi ' Thank you, ' Howard,' laughed de Foix, his gay humour never forsaking him, ' thank you ; your words are plain, but far from being complimentary, either to me or my comrades.' ' My words are always what they are in tended to be,' was Howard's curt reply. The highwayman shrugged his shoulders with an easy, careless air, which seemed quite natural to him, and flung himself upon.the tea chest, by the side of the swailing candle. '? Christmas Eve !' spoke he, in a' musing tone. ' Humph ! Well, it certainly doesn't look like it here ;' he added, with a glance at the damp walls and the guttering candle by his side. ' I cannot pay you the compliments of the season in this tumble-down sort of place, Mrs. Bolding,' he continued ; 'it would be worse than mockery to do so— -neverthe less, I will take the' liberty of wishing. that your next Christmas Eve may be passed in pleasanter quarters.' ' ' . ''' ' Thank you !' dropped' Annie, in a dreamy manner. . The highwayman had spoken bluntly, yet with a kind heartiness which' appeared some what strange, coming, as it did from, one so notorious as Tom de Foix; But Tom de Foix was an extraordinary character — young, gay, handsome, insolent, and stern ;' a scholar and a thief — a man who would cry, 'Stand and deliver!' to a rich traveller, the contents' of whose purse, when stolen, he would frequently divide between some poor families and himself, always .retaining the smaller share of the booty himself, be it observed. ' But enough at present about Tom de Foix by-and-by you shall hear niore of him. [' Now, remembering that the highwaymen was leading her' husband into crime— of the probable extent of which she only had a con fused idea — it was only natural that 'Annie should shrink and tremble before' him, and that his words, tones,, and looks should. strike terror to her soul. .He saw- h.pr distrust and her hatred of him ; . and feeling some sort of pity for her, he wished to propitiate her las much and as soon/as possible. '' , He made an awkward beginning, by dipping his hand into his coat pocket, drawing a bottle of brandy forth, and pressing her husband to partake of it- . ;. . ,. ...,;? , . . .r ?' \- Annie was watching — anxiously watching.' She feared lest her husband might be tempted to partake of the fiery draught. ? . ' ? / ' Drink Bolding,' said the highwayman — 'drink, my boy; 'tis. first-rate stuff — not a headache in a. whole hogshead of it. Drink — it will give you courage !' ? ' Perhaps I don't require drink to give me courage,' Bolding replied, putting the prof fered draught aside. ' When I look at my wife and -little one, arid reflect upon their wants, ' I've resolution enough to face the very devil ; therefore take away your brandy — I need it not' ' Ve-ry well, Bolding,' returned the other ; 'if you're a fool, de Foix isn't. I'm glad to find you are so plucky; still, the brandy wouldn't have hurt you, but, on the contrary, would have fortified you against the bitter, biting air we are about to face. However, since you are so very squeamish, I'll e'en drink your share and my own as well.' The act followed the word, and de Foix took a long, deep draught of potent liquour. ' A — h !' ejaculated he, smacking his lips with peculiar relish, recorking the flask, and hastily thrusting it back into his pocket. ' I feel a new man now. There's nothing like brandy for putting new lite into one, and making the heart rejoice. Come, Bolding.' he added, abruptly starting up — ' come ! We haven't any time to lose ; our comrade will be awaiting us by the dead oak, near to Seven Tree Meadow. There'll be a rich booty to night, and no resistance.' ?' No resistance !' repeated Howard, with a shake of the head. 'How know you that?' 'How know I that?' lnughed de Foix1 ' I don't like to use ugly words — it's not gen tlemanly to do so — or I should reflect upon the verdancy of your nature in very plain terms, Howard Bolding.' 'I really do not comprehend you, de Foix.' '? Rroon_-rrnpn ns crrnss. T VOW to Jliniter !' cried the highwayman, in a convulsion of laughter. ' Never mind — nover mind, you'll change colour by-nnd-by.' ' I trust not, de Foix,' interrupted Howard, in a proud, angry tone. ' I despise a turnr coat.' ' Ha, ha, ha !' roared de Foix, leaning against the wall, and shaking his nides with laughter. ' Well, well, you are a simpleton, Howard Bolding.' Howard looked disconcerted at the high wayman's speech, but he made no reply ; he only bit his lips and frowned darkly. ' There, there, don't be vexed,' southed de Foix — ' don't be vexed. I'll explain matters. The coachman and the guard of the mail will both of them be drugged by the landlord of the ' King George,' where the mail changes sure of an easy capture.' ' Ay, ay !' responded Howard, his brow clearing. 'Come!' proceeded de Foix, his hand al ready on the door-latch. ' Stay !' cried Annie, starting to her feet, and staggering up to the highwayman. 'To what place are you taking my husband, and into whut dark service are you dragging him 1' ' Madam,' returned the highwayman, with A MKKHtnm.n ai*. (( T nmiar nial'D fl Ifintf HIV a courteous air, i uuver uia^u » xuujr my confidante.' ' Howard, Howard !' pleaded she, ' do not, I beseech you, suffer this man to lead you into the commission of crime !' . unit iulc, .muni: — ioo late ! ' exclaimed he, recklessly flinging the door wide open. ' May the sin of this night fall on my heartless father's head V he added, with a loud impreca tion. ' Howard, Howard, listen to me but a mo ment !' she cried, grasping his'shoulder with her disengaged hand, and speaking in a voice made hoarse with terror and despair. ' Go not forth this night, but let this man go hence alone upon this wicked work !'. 'Loose your hold, Annie — loose your hold!' he uttered brokenly. ' Its ail-too late, my poor girl — it's all too late, I tell you.' ' No, no, Howard !' ' Yes, yes,' he said breaking from her. ' I have sworn — bound myself by oaths, which I cannot, will not break ? ' ' Bound yourself — to whom ?' ' To me, madam — tome, Captain de Foix, at your service,' bowed the courteous young highwayman. And with these words 'lie caught his young associate's arm, and dragged him through the open doorway into the snowy and tempestuous night. Annie made no further effort ; she did not call him back ; and the lame door, creaking on its rusty, broken hinges, closed with a heavy bang, which caused the crazy casements to shake and clatter, and a fresh shower of plaster to fall from the damp, decaying ceil ing. 'Oh, me — oh, me !' sighed she, with a deep mourn of anguish, as she resumed her seat by the empty grate. ' I am very wicked, I know I am ; but I trust God will forgive me for this murmuring, and wishing myself ami my. child both in our quiet , graves. Death is not half so full of terrors as a life of sin and reproach would be. , Oh,., no — oh, no! I hope Howard will think better of it, and flee temptation ere his hands are stained with guilt. I can starve ; better to die than to sin — eh, my precious babe ?' Round and round the cottage whirled the gusty blast, while the snow, in broad, heavy flakes, still descended to the earth. Cold and hunger had exhausted poor Annie ; and how, with her infant hugged tightly to her. breast, she sat. wrapped in partial slumber, for ,a. while wholly ofrgetful of all her worldly nrtrtka nn'A enrfnuro Poor Annie ! it would have been well for thee if, in. this transient sleep, thy tried spirit had passed away to those realms where there is no heartache, no hunger, no cold, no sin, no shame, no grief ; where all is peace, and joy, and love,. and everlasting happiness. . , : While the heroine of our sad .tale thus re poses,, we will narrate the little history of Howard and Annie Bolding's short life. 2'/i«y had'riot thought it short. To them it had been too full of brambles : too thicklv crowded with' painful events;' too' constantly beset with 'all' sorts of misfortunes, to seem aught but a long and wearisome existence. But love Sweetens many a bitter 'cup, and assuredly love had sweetened the bitterness of ?theirs. ?:'' ; ??? ' ?-' ? '? -i '-??'-- ?????-'? ' ' '' At ' the period at ' which our tale opens, .Howard .Bolding , had been married to his yoiirig ?'wife ^upwards, of. eighteen, months, during which' time ''they Had known ' a; vast 'amount of real' misery, ' such as rarely' falls to the lot. of the young to bear. Howard and. 'Mfnie hadboth struggled— patiently struggled with their troubles, trying to overcome them, or1, at all events, to stand up against them. tut, denpite all their patience, all their en durance, all their strength, ..and all their fond love for one another,' they could not battle against the host of assailing misfortunes which had daily gathered around them. ' Now, Howard had wedded Annie Raby in direct opposition to his father's wishes and commands. Old Mr. Bolding, who was ; wealthy banker, in his early youth, had lovee Annie Raby's mother — passionately loved her ; but she had trifled with him, made him believd that she reciprocated his affection, and then had heartlessly' married with another. Mr. Bolding never forgot her — never forgave her. No, not even when her widowed head lay . low in the grave did his rancour abate its strength and bitterness ; the memory of her perfidy was ever present to him J her death could not quench in his heart the remembrance of the wrongs she had' done him in the time long, long ago. , To be Continued. 