SPOBTING NOTES. Victorians who paid Tasmania a visit last week peak very highly of the enjoyment of the trip, although they eay the racing was very so-so. The weather, however, wae delightful, and the interest taken, judging by the attendance, very great. Speculation on the races was not greatly indulged in, although sufficiently so for most members of the ring who did the tight little jjinwd to gather in rather more than their x'i. The Strop party did not land the big stake that it was reported in Melbourne they had done, and an offer of 500 tolOOat the poet went Bogging. As oeual oar racing men have net iienajl A»ll kf bODffhlfhA jumping Phantom, and Mr. ffeiiuw the flat racer of the same One of. them must be re- christened— perhapi " The Ghost" would not be amiss. Mr. Patterson also bought Ihe twojjear-old Esplanade, fay Cotherst-one, which has joined Mr. Bowling's stable, and . anil", make Jxer debnt on - Victorian sail next Saturday at Donnyhrookc . , Beechwerth furnished o<x»sion .for MAid of Avenel to display her superior (quality in three races, perhaps possibly because her opponents were of little account, but for more likely that she is at last coming to herself. If the latter is the case, she may yet prove a hard not to erack in the Leger, for which, by-the-bye, another candi date of the weaker sex is spoken of in the person of Dagmar, who lately shows sigas of great improvement under Lang's care. The Boeohworth and the United Shire "vliflap, were, as we wrote at the time the weights were published they would be, spoilt by the maladroit, new of the handieapper, who gave nothing a show with Oaasfo, Friendless, , end Huntsman. The first-named was this time in deoenfc form, and polished off his two opponents in the first, and his solitary one in the second, with the, -greatest ease The stable won a good stoke over the double, which will go a long way tereoompense them for the numerous dimppmafeneoti they have had with the son of Caliban smee Wagga. There was some good racing at Ararat las t ; in our oolumus. The weather was fine, and then was a good attendance from all parts of the Western and Wimmera districts. The racing was good;, and several of the oontesta ranting. There was apparently, however, a good deal of strong feeling exhibited over the pretest entered fay Milksop against Alma, whieb did not alto gether c:o! down till after settling. This latter event was somewhat in favour of the Melbourne bookmakers, who, however, did net get in much grist to the miil> speculation being very tome. The Kyneton Distijet Racing Club have been ' favoured with most excellent entries for their annual races, which, ss usual, take plaee on St. Patriok'j Day, the 17th March. Nine have nominated for the Hurdle Bscs, and a dosen, in- r blading most of the cracks, for tbe Steeplechase. For the Kyneton Handicap there are no less than twenty- one nominations, including all the best animals in the country, whilst the shorter dis tance in the Lauruton Handicap has attracted no less than twenty- eight nominations. It only remains for Mr. Barnard to adjust the weights properly, which he surely can do for once, seeing how many good lines he can . get from what has gone before, and then the success which has fol lowed the dub from its inauguration will be maintained. Throughout the whole season there is no pleas&nter; gathering than that held on the banks of the Oampaspe, and the two handicaps have always succeeded in giving excellent races. The weights for the Warmambool Handicap appear elsewhere. We are far from liking them, but will content ourselves by remarking that 9st. is toe mnoh to pnt on a little horse like Early Morn in so oh company, whilst Villiers seems to have considerably toe beet of the adjustment. The Benalla racing men are not frightened of competition, else they would hardly have fixed their gathering at toe ame tone as the Y.R.G. Autumn Meeting. However, they have fair en tries, and the handicap onght to produce a good race ; but there will be no Melbourne men pre sent, when so modi better sport can be had at home. Mr. Bellair, of the Pastoral hotel, Fiemingtos, has completed a fine range of horse-boxes in the large paddook at the rear of his premises. There are thirty of them, with room to increase the lot to donble|toat number. It is here where Mr.Yuille ; intends holding his yearling and other blood stock sales, and no doubt. it will be a busy day on the 9th of when Mr. Joseph Thompson's racehorses and the Brian O'Lynn, Glenormisten, and Woodstock yearlings are to be sold. Mr. Yuille tells us that Mr. John George Dougherty will hold forth over toe first three studs, and that Mr. Campbell will do the needfol with Mr. Hunter's yearlings. As there are thirty-seven lots in all to be disposed of, the sale will cam- menoe at 1 o'clock, and Mr. Bellair has received instructions to provide lancheon for the crowd. There were several objections to holding the annnnl sale of yearlings in Melbourne, many accidents happening to the youngsters in getting them into town, and the limited space in the Bazaar being insufficient to afford intending purchasers an opportunity of a thorough in spection at and previous to tbe sale. These draw backs will now bs obviated by the roomy premises provided at the Pastoral, and where any of toe yearlings can be seen exercised in toe large paddock adjoining the hotel, an ad- vasage which mast he patent to all purchasers of young stock. We believe it is Mr. Yoille's intention to apply to have n special train to Newmarket for those intending to be present at the sale. As many of the yearlings to be die posed of are spoken of very highly by those who have seen them, and as toe drain on on? thorough bred studs is getting greater every year by the facilities afforded for travelling by rail to the many race meetings throughout the country, a large attendance of sporting men and a keen competition may be expected, more especially as all the Maribyrsong yearlings have been disposed of privately. We are told jihat King of the King has grown into a magnificent horse, and that a sight of him will be worth all the ride to Flem- ington to see. We had much pleasure last week in being shown by Mr. Fugate over his new training stable lately erected on his property at Ascot Yale. It is one of toe most complete edifioea of the kind in Victoria. It is built of wood, and has a range of roomy boxes on either side, toe ventilation being extremely gocd, with a hay and grain loft above. Saddle and harness rooms, sleep- ing apartments for toe grooms and boys, are all under the same roo4 and it was a pleasure to eee in what order everything wae kept, and in what really fine condition toe occupants of this princely stable were in. We were struck by toe grand form of that rather fickle mare Oontessa. She is now a piotnre of health, and is oertainly a fine specimen of what the art of training can bring an animal to. As she reeeived toe kind . attentions of The Marquis in the spring, Mr. Filgate thinks that she is ia foal, mora especially as she has so easily been got into condition. The Australian Gap is to be her last dart, and no stone will be left untamed by her trainer to let her leave the turf victorious. Dolphin was also looking remarkably well, although not qnite so gay in appearaaoe as her stable companion, and toe little Lapidist who onght to have won toe Gee- long Gold Gap, bat did not, looked toe perfect picture of a racehorse, and in very different form to what he wae is last New Tears Day. Some would-be judges have invariably sneered at the pretensions of this grand little horse, and one in particular just escaped being obliged to partake of rather a tough meal, as he promised to est him if he won theGeeloag Gup. If he takes our advice he shoulfL bs mare chary in making any promises of the kind for toe St. Leger, as, if ever a colt lopked jare lifcewtjSt. linger winner, it. is Lapidist. Mr. Fdgate .hascgot throe vey fine yearlings to hip atabjft ju£& at Marihyrupng, one by Fire works oat of Improver, and the other two by The Marquis out erf Lady Manners Sutton and Art Union, toe dam of Rose d'Amour. The latter especially attracted our attention as being a most aristocratic young gentleman. We also saw a very fine two-year-old, by Maribyrnong out of a half- bred mare, that looks as much like a race horse as any of them. In toe paddock was that unfortunate three-year-old colt Dante, by Fire works out of Xoee de Florence. He looks as well as any horse oeuld do, nevertheless Mr. Filgate has never yet been able to get him fit to race. He ii> grand-shaped one, and being a hone of gwet eubetanoe, with a rare aristocratic pedigree, he should make an invaluable aire at the stud. Mr.Fijgate met with a nasty accident last week, whioh might have had some serious oonse- queens. As he was driving down Elizabeth street his horse — a quirt pony which has often been driven by Mrs. . Jfilgsto and children— sud denly bolted, and before Mr. Filgate ooold get a prof?. pip of toe teSto, turned sharp across the tract and ran into tnotte. trap vito racb vie lenee as to knock a tooth out of his own jaw, whilst bpth; traps were, spasbed to pieces, and Mr. Filgateroeeived home Very severe bruise, but wwam- VBoaped with unbroken ' bones. There is likely to he some good racing at Mortlake next meek, there being thirteen horses entered for too Handicap, seven for the Steeple chase, and four for ibe Leger. . Tbe Sylvia colt arrived from Sydney last week by the Weatworth for the purpose of trying fresh conclusions with Lapidist in the Leger. They had a very rough time of it at sea, and toe colt got very much bruised and knocked about ; but we are glad to say that none of his injuries are so severe as to prevent him running. There is nothing like fresh blood, and we must congratulate the racing men of South Australia on the addition that has lately been made to their ranks in toe person of the Hon. Thomas Eider, one of the oldest and wealthiest colonists, who intends to go in for both breeding and racing. By the Sydney " Town and Country" I see that Mr. John Eales, of the Hunter, has token the stabling in Sydney formerly occupied by Mr. Winch, and intends once more to go extensively into racing, a favourite pastime from which be has been absent for some years. We hear that several high-bred animals are likely to leave this colony for Duckerfield. A " Grand Sporting Picnic" is toe title of an advertisement issued by Mr. J. Farnsworth, the spirited proprietor of toe Nepean hotel, Portees. Mr, Fains worth proposes, if sufficient induce meet offers, to inaugurate a week's sport for a very moderate amount. A steamer will be chartered to leave Sandridge on Monday, 30th March, i j .1 r u a.i 3 : I returning we xouowing oaiuraay evcuiug. auuu- dance of sport, consisting of shooting, fishing, and hunting kangaroos can he obtained. To anyone By the Aldinga, which arrived from Adelaide on Thursday, a very fine yearling colt, bred by Mr. Goglin, of South Australia, arrived, consigned to Mr. Yuille for sale. He is by Talk o th' Hill, and apart from his breeding his fine shapes should recommend him to toe notice of racing men. Kingfisher, who has been sold by Mr. Yuille to go to New Zealand for etud purposes, was shipped yesterday on board toe Claud Hamilton. The horse was looking fresh mid well, and his ' leg" has improved so xnaoh of late that no donbt if put in training he would bring some grist to toe mill in the lend of the Maori. The cricket during the latter portion of this week has occupied so mush attentica that sport ing notes are necessarily curtailed. 