CHAPTER II, I AM FR1GHTENBD OF MY SHADOW. I have already mentioned the name of the j servant whqm'my grandmother brough t with -j hertoour house—itwas 'Jane Punter. She kad.b'een with: my grimdmbther for many j yfeara—from girlh6od,Ibelieve, and She was - nowabout thirty, years of age. In appearance she was a, thin, sharp- featured, pale-faced ^omah ;/in manners' she was a viciously minded creature, fond' of pinching children ion the sly in tender places, assuming the while, to deceive observers^ an expression of - amiability, which intensified the malignity of her conduct. From the momentshe entered our house she became the' enemy of every person in it, and waged open and secret war npon'alI qfns.J Her service with my grand mother had been a very easy one; but things were different when her mistress changed her residence. .' She had to do 'double the work to that to which she had -been, accustomed, and, as we were the direct cause -of this, she was not slow in showing resentment. My mother, patient as she always was, made light of: the woman's infirmities of temper, believing that she was necessary to my grandmother ; Jane Painter herself, however, declined to accept the olive-branch which my mother held out to her, and would certainly not have re mained in the house but for one inducement. This was made clear to us a very few days after the change. My mother had occasion to remonstrate with her for some piece of impertinence, and Jane Painter came into .my grandmother's room in a fury, and de manded to know if she Was to be treated like a • galley-slave." My mother stood-quietly by, listening to the servant's complainings.' Said my: grandmother— _ "You must do what my daughter desires yon to do, Jane. I told her you would help her in the house." "I won't be ordered about as if I was a galley-slave !" exclaimed Jane Painter, gasp ing. "O,' Jane!" remonstrated my mother. " Don't O Jane me!" and then followed the unreasoning argument, " Pm flesh and blood the same as you are!" " Jane," said my grandmother, "I mustn't be worried; my nerves won't stand it. : I shan't be here long, and you know what 1 have promised you. " "Whose servant am I—yours or hers ?" " Mine, Jane, and a very, good servant you've been. I hope for your own sake you are not going to be different how." "Haven't I served you faithfully?" asked Jane Painter, sobbing herself into a quieter emotional stage. "Yes, jane, yes; and you shall be remem bered for it." "Haven't I waited on you hand and foot?" "Yes, Jane, yes; and you shall be remem bered." " When you was took bad with the spasmB," blubbered Jane, "didn't I stop up 'with you all night' till I was fit to drop ?" "Yes, Jane, and T haven't forgotten you for-it. You shall be remembered, 1 tell yon." By being remembered my grandmother meant that Jane Painter was set down in her will for a certain portion of the contents of ; her long stocking; and but fbr this induce ment it was pretty clear' .that Jane Painter would have taken her departure.' The war she waged against us from this time was passive but bitter. 1, as the recognised heir to the long stocking, and as being likely, therefore, to diminish, her portion, came in for the largest share of her ill- temper and animosity, and she showed much ingenuity in devising means to torment me. Parting my hair on the wrong side, brushing it into my eyes, robbing the soap in my mouth and only half wiping my face after 1 was washed, buttoning my clothes awry, running pins into me, holding me suspended by one arm as we went down stairs—these were the smallest of my sufferings. An incident, langhable in itself, but exceedingly painful in its effect upon me, comes vividly to my remembrance here, and it afforded Jane Fainter an oppor tunity of inventing a new torture, and of inflicting upon me the sharpest and most terrible distress I ever experienced. It occurred in this way. ' Whether it was that the doll companion ship of a peevish old woman was having its due effect upon me, or whether it sprang from my natural constitution, I was growing to be very nervous. I "was frightened of being alone in the dark; a sudden noise startled me painfully; any unusual exhibition of tenderness bronght tears to my eyes. One bright summer afternoon I was sitting with my grandmother. Everything about me was very quiet; my grandmother had not spoken for a long time, and I listened to the regular sound of her breathing which told me she was asleep. I tried all kinds of devices to while away the time. I looked at the wall and traced the pattern of the paper; I tried to stare the monkey-man oh the mantelshelf out of countenance ; I closed my eyes and placed the tips of my forefingers on them, and then opened them to assure myself that the world had not come to an end; 1 counted the rise and fall of my grandmother's capa cious bosom till I grew so confused that the billows before me seemed to swell and fill the room. ' There was no pleasure to be gained from any of these tasks, and I felt weary and dispirited. The sunshine streaming in at the parlour window seemed/.to say, " Why are you stopping in that dull room ? Gome out and play." I gazed wistfully at the light, and thought how nice it would be outside. I felt that.l should like to go.. But 1 knew from rueful experience how cross my grand mother would be if I made a noise and awoke her; and I was so tightly fixed in my little arin-chair that I could not extricate myself without a struggle. I dared not attempt to 'wrench myself free from its embrace in the room; it might fall to the ground. There was nothing for it but to try and escape from the room with the chair fixed to me. The sunshine grew brighter and brighter, aud more and more tempting. My grandmother really seemed to be fast asleep. I stretched out my hand and touched her dress; she always dressed in silk, and sat in state. Her steady breathing continued. 1 coughed, and whispered " Grandmother !" but she did not hear. I spoke more loudly. " Grandmother!" There was no response, and then I thought I would venture. I rose, with my chair attached to me—the firmest aud closest of friends— and crept slowly and softly out of the room into the passage. There I released myself, and then ran out into the sunshine. I flitted about like a butterfly escaped from prison, in a glow of delight. 1 was in the full height of my enjoyment, when, turning my head over my shoulder, I saw my long ungainly shadow following me, and in sudden unreasoning fright I ran away from it. I screamed with terror as I saw it racing fast at my heels, as if trying to leap upon me and seize me, and my mother happening at that moment to come to the street-door, I flew towards her in a paroxysm of terror, and, clutching tight hold of her, hid my face in her gown. In that position my mother, with soothing words, drew me into the house, and I was only pacified by being assured that the " black man" who had frightened me had disappeared; and certainly, when I was persuaded to look around, 1 saw no trace of him. My grandmother, awakened by my screams, did not fail to give me a solemn lecture for my bad behaviour in stealing from the room, and she improved the occasion by making me tremble with new fears by her dreadful prophecies as to what the " black man" would do to me if I dared to be naughty again. Tlie incident had a serious effect upon me, and I was ill for a week after wards. The doctor who was attending my father said that I was of a peculiarly sensitive temperament, and that great care must be taken of me. "The nervousness," he said,'" which has been the cause of his fright may, if not counteracted, produce bad results by-and bye. The lad's nature is essentially womanly and delicate. None the worse_for_that—none the worse for that!" He laid his hand upon my head in a very j. kind manner, and tears rushed to my eyes. Seeing these, he immediately removed his hand, and gave my oheek a merry pinch. " He will grow out of it!" questioned my mother anxiously. "O, yes," was the reply, cheerfully uttered, l' he will grow out of it; but you must be careful'with him* Don't Tet him mope; gi ve him plenty t>f ex^obe Undfresh air." : " rshouldlike a pony," I said. ' .My mother's troubled eyes sought the floor.. If sheconldonlyhave seen amagicpumpkin there! ,7 -v."' - *. •' • *" Then,-" continuedthe doctor, " until he is older and stronger I would fill his mind with cheerful fancies. Tell him as many stories ; as you please of fairies, and princesses, and \ flowers, " and such-like.; ;bat .none about . ghosts. Yon 'Would: hke to heat, about; beautiful, fairies 'rising out of; flower-bells, and sailing in the clouds, and floating on the water in lilies, wohld you not, my lad V I nodded gaily; Sis bright manner was : better than ah the medicine. - • . " Dothey really doall these things, Sir ?-' " Surely;: for such as you, my boy." 1: clapped my bandar '"You see ! ". he said to my mother. f ■ Many a time after this did my mother < ransack her mental Storu, and bring forth : bright-ooloured fahcies to'makeme glad. She told jane'Painter what. the doctor said, and ■asked her to teUmethe prettiest stories she knew. <■ Jane Painter replied with one of her sweetest sipiles. It was piart of her duties to put ine to bed every night, and (me night, soohafter I whs weiy she came into my room in the dark, as I was lying half-awake and half-asleep: She crept up the stairs and into the room so stealthily that I had no con sciousness of her presence until a sepulchral voice stole npon my ears, saying— . "Ho! Mister Friar, Don't be so bold, For fear you should make My 'eart's. blood run cold!" My heart's blood did run cold at these, dreadful words, and I uttered a cry cfi fright. Then Jane Painter spoke in her natural tone. "I knew a boy once, and his name was. Namby-Pamby. He was the greatest coward: that ever breathed, and he was; always telling tales. I know what happened to him at last. You're like' him. Perhaps if 11 happen to you. A fine boy you are ! You ought to have been born a rabbit. -1 suppose you^ll tell your , mother. All cowards do," Here she must have put her head up the chimney, for her voice sounded very hollow as she repeated, "Ho! Mister Friar, Don't be so bold, For fear you should make My'eart's blood run cold." 'j "• I cannot describe my terror,_ I wrapped the counterpane tightly round my bead, and lay alio! a tremble until Jane Fainter thought, fit to take her departure.: From that night she inflicted the most dreadful tortures upon me. The first thing she did after putting me to bed was to blow out the candle; then she would calmly sit down and tell me frightful stories of murders: and ghosts. . Blood was her favourite theme; she absolutely revelled in it, and to this day I cannot look upon it without a shudder, She would prowl about the room muttering—. " I smell bloods I smell blood!" And then— " Let him be alive. Or let him be dead; I'll have his blood to .tnake my wine, I'll1 grind his bones to maike my bread." After that she would'grind her teeth, and make sounds as though she were drinking. " Serve him right, too, the. little coward! Grind his bones On two large stones. His blood and brine Til drink for wine." I, suffered this martyrdom in silence. I would not tell mymother, as all cowards did. ~ What the effect on me would have been if circumstances had allowed Jane Painter to continue her persecution, I am afraid to think ; but, fortunately for me, the event occurred which she was waiting for. My grandmother died, very suddenly. The last words she was heard to utter were, "Poor Anthony!" . I was not sorry when she died. I tried to look sad, as everybody else looked, but I knew that I was a dreadful hypocrite. 