•AETURE OF THE BISHOP GOULBURN. OF the occasion of the departure of the Bishop Goulbuni, the following address, beautifully on vellum, was presented to his lord- THE RIGHT REVEREND FATHER IK GOD, MBS AC, LORD BISHOP OF GOTJLBURN. HY LORD,—We, your lordship's clergy, desire express, before your departure for England, feelings of strong affection and attachment to as our Bishop, and of thankfulness to the it Head of the Church that we are privileged in a diocese presided over by your lordc thank you for many acts of kindness, fpr e sympathy and support you hnvc shown to us our work, and for the wise and fatherly counsel have from time to lime received from you. aits also deeply thankful for the great sucwhich has so marked your lordship's episcoand trust that the Divine bid-sing may conto rest upon the work In which we are tedly engaged. While thanking God for the t, we feel that we may take courage for the ture, for He hath given the assurance," My rd shal not return unto Me void ; but it sliail mplisli that which I please, and it shall prosin the thing whereunto I sent it." We trust that your visit home may prove a season of much refreshment, and that it may also tend to the benefit of the church in this diocese, enlisting on liehulf of the truly missionary i'k in which we are engaged the prayer*, sympathies and help of our brethren at home. It I Will be cheering for your lordship to meet again many eminent servants of God who take a deep ^interest in the advancement of the Redeemer's kingdom ; but at the same time solemn feelings "will be aroused by the absence of many with whom in former yeai-s you took counsel lor the •advancement of the best interests of Christ's church. " They rest from their labors, and their works do follow them." May the Lord grant you and Mrs. Thomas His gracious favor and protection by the way; and may it lie yours to realise the happy fulfilment of the promise breathed of old—" Behold I am with thee, and will keen thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land ; for I will not leave thee until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of." In conclusion, we would seek a continued interest in jour lordship's prayers; and iuay|thc Lord Jesus give to us all an enlarged measure of His Holy Spirit, that we may be faithful and efficient pastors of His flock, successful in winmug souls ana building up His holy church. Wc beg to subscribe ourselves. Your lordships faithful and attached clei*»y, William Sowerby. David Evans Jones, sen., James Allan. M.A. Thomas Druitt. Frederick Ransom Sea- Samuel Perciyal, M.A. Pierce Galliard Smith, M.A. Daniel P. M. Hulbert, M.A. A. D. Soares. born. A, D. Faunce. E. H. A. Gwynne, B.A. William Locke, B.A. J. Cloudesley Belts. J. Graham Love, • William Henry Pownall Alfred Davidson Acocks W. H. H. Yarrington. Herbert E. Taylor. Samuel S. Harpur,B.A. Joseph Clampett. Hugh Saunderson Sea- J. C. Sabine. liom. Jonathan Evans. Charles James Byng. Cuthbert Fetherston- Jolm Maitland Ware. luiugh. Alfred T, Puddicombe. Herbert E. Thomson. David Evans Jones, juu. W. Cocks. R. T. Earl. The Bishop's reply :— Bishoplhorpe, Goulbuni, 15th January, 1874. TO THE VERY* REVEREND THE DEAN OF GOULBL'RK AND THE CLERGY OF THE DIOCESE. Mv BELOVED BRETHREN,—Accept my warm thanks for your beautiful address, which has touched my* heart most deeply. Amidst the overwhelming duties of my position in this vast missionaiT diocese, it. is no small comfort to lie assured of the affection of my faithful clergy, und to know that the attachment is as rail on your side as it is on mine. It has been mv constant theme of rejoicing that no bishop could be supported by a more devoted band of zealous, able and efficient fellow-laborers. Our mutual relations have been of the happiest kind ; and wc have been one in motive and one in effort. I have indeed ever sympathised with you in your work, and have truiy shared your burdens, difficulties and triols, which, by God's grace, you have encountered with noble Christian courage, enduring hardness as good soldiers of Jesus Christ. The indomitable pel-severance with which vou have discharged your onerous duties has filled me with admiration; and I nfcknowledge with deep thankfulness to God the spiritual results of your labors. The progress which has characterised the diocese is in truth only the aggregate of the individual success granted of God to you in your several missions and parishes, But loving co-operation has imparled unity and strength to our combined efforts*; and these, by the Divine blessing, have conduced to that general success which has called forth your gratitude. Long may "wc work together under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, in luying deep and lasting the foundations of the church of Christ in this land.! The completion of sixty-one buildings for churches, schoolrooms, and parsonage houses, with the early prospect of twenty-seven others of a similar character, is a striking proof that you, my beloved brethren, have won the esteem and confidence of the Christian laity, and that the whole diocese is pervaded by one spirit of holy zeal and Christian effort for the glory of God and the welfare of His Church. My departure for a season has, I feel, become necessary. The unceasing mental strain of ten years of toil and anxiety demands some measure of relaxation, I ask your continued intercessions that this visit home may be the means of gaining spiritual strength for myself, and of answering your expectations by eliciting enlarged assistance from the missionary societies and from the zealous friends of the gospel on behalf of the diocese. We look for refreshment and beuefit in renewed Christian intercourse with the servants of God in our fatherland—" For I long to sec them * * * that I may lie comforted together with them hv the mutual futth both of them and me." But I return to my native shores with mingled feelings, and, as you truiy say, with my heart solemnised by the abscnce of so luatiy loved and eminent Chnstiau friends now liumttcred with the saints in glory everlasting. May we IK? enabled to follow them as they followed'Christ! I thank you very sincerely for the reference to the precious promise of God's word (Gen. xxviii. 15), and for the devout wish that it may l« realised in our experience. These same gracious words were scut to me a* a voice from Heaven on tin 1 day of my couscmtion at Canterbury in 1603, and have since served to sustain my soul and to lead me on with unwavering faith m this laud of my pilgrimage. It has been my wont daily to bear you upon my heart before t«od in prayer, and to supplicate for you " giace, mcrcv and }K«C« from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour." This will continue to IK* my privilege. May He, whose ambassadors we are*, 41 fill you with all joy and peace in liclieving, that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost, accoming to the glorious gospel of the blessed Lord, which was committed to your trust." And inav you Ix; '' strong in the grace that is in Christ .Jesus, that you may lie examples of the bel levels in word, in coiiveiHition, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity." "Anil now, brethren, 1 commend you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up and to give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctified." Your affectioimte friend and brother in Christ, M. GOULBURS. The following address was also presented, by the ladies of the diocese, to Mi's. Thomas, and was accompanied bv a testimonial consisting of 230 sovereigns in u beautiful myallwood and silver casket:— TO MRS. THOMAS, BISHOPTHORFE, GUULBURN, DEAR MRS. THOMAS,—When the unexpected news was first spread abroad that our excellent Bishop had found it necessary to visit his native land, it was at once felt on "all hands that you could not 1>e permitted to leave these shores without receiving some testimonial expressive of the love and affection bome to you, particularly by the ladies of the diocese. Your generous hospitality, your unwearied labors in the service of our Divine Master, the self-denial ever exercised by you, have called forth feelings of [»ersoiial esteem, which, without some public demonstration, it was found iuijiossible to gratify. Those who have been engaged in this lalior of love Live experienced a ready response to their wishes, and all hits been accomplished with a heartiness which it would be impossible to measure by any moneyed value, however large. In placing the proofs of our esteem in your hands, we trust that in future times they may now and then recall to your mind those pleasant recollections of your intercourse with the members of our church in this diocese, which we l»elieve has bean as {igreenble to you as we are sure it has been profitable to us. In conclusion, wc earnestly pray that God may preserve the Bishop ami yourself during your intended joumev, and bring you safely back again to the work you have so much at heart in the diocese. We are, dear Sirs. Thomas, Your very sincere friends, Hon. Secretaries: H. Sowerby, Anne Ross. Hon Treasurers: Eliza Phillips, Emma Joplin. Committee: Jane M. Cox. J. H. Rossi. J. E. Allman. J. K. Neweombe. M. H. Johnson. Alice Finlay. A. E. Wauglu Ellen Dickson. R. E. Davidson. Mary J. Puddicombc. E. A, Betts. Maria Zuuch. M. A. Hulbert. E. M. Twynani. Amelia Jones. Ellen Alexander. Aline Jones. Mary Hayes. The subscriptiou-list contains the names of 203 contributors. The Bishop of Goulbuni, ou behalf of Mrs. Thomas, read the following reply:— Bishopthoi'pe, Goulbuni, 15th January, 1874. MY DEAR FMENDS,—I am deeply touched, as you may well believe, by your great kindness, so unlookcd for, but yet so gratifying 1o my feelings. Such proofs of regain! and such words of love cunuot but affect mc much. It has been my great privilege, a« you say, to labor in some small measure for my Divine Master in this land for the past ten years, and to share, so for as a woman may, in my beloved husband's anxious work during'that period. The unvarying kindness we have received in every part of this vast diocese has greatly tended to lighten our burdens, and has ever warmed and cheered our hearts; ami now it is no small gratification to leam from you tliot the intercourse I have had with so many of my sisters in Australia has been as pleasing to them as to iiiyse 1 ?. I most fully reciprocatc your feelings of affection, and pray lhat the tie which has hitherto bound us together may in future yeai's be strengthened by a complete oneness in Christ , and a more earnest determination mutually to spend and be spent in His blessed service. I wish I had words to express, as I desire to do, my heartfelt gratitude to each individual friend who has taken part in this most kind testimonial, and in a special manner to those who have mainly labored for its accomplishment . We shall remember you all with prayerful interest in that loved land to which we are bound for a season, and shall look forward, if it be God's will, to a happy meeting with you here; and better still, around the throne above, together with all those who have washed their roljeu and made them white in the blood of the lamb! I am, your grateful and affectionate friend, MARV THOMAS. A silver plate on the casket bears the following inscription:— This casket, with £.10 sovereigns, was presented to Miv. Thomas by the ladies «»r the diocese of Goulburu, us a testimony uf the esteem and affection with which she luul been regarded during her residence among them of nearly ten years. Goulbuni, 15th January, 1674. 