CtJZZEN GEORDIE ON SAIST3' DAYS. By Lynx. , Lynx : What, Goordio,, are you not at work to-day? ?? Geordio : Noa, sir ; but it's not my fuwt.- T' QbbKmmenl Gazette hoz ordered me to pany my rospeoiss to a veBtJgb ti', nashunal relijun. HovV line staato rolijfun, and nae striafjo- otidfft. & vrahr awn, we onn afford ndw niV then to gie' a daay to rolioa o' bygono toimes — at lcanst t' Govern ment can afford to dco it. It's a weo bit o'er much ov a good thing tho for uz warkin'men to no» iu gin up u uaay s -waago oecos a lot o fellers nz fanoy they live under t' sposhul care ov a man az wor hurried abuv a thahsond yenr sin wants to hoimor their gardian by stowin awnny onny amount o' grog 'an' tucker, an' mobbo blacken yau another's eyes i' their holy eksilement. It's a foine thing to be able yar.co in a whoile to hev a reglar go in wiout sin. Uz meolianira an' laborers nnayhor knaws nor cares much abahtSfc. Patrick, an' wo conna see whoy wahr Government shud tak this pertikler saint' or hea devotees under its wing. We tliowt we'd atin wfl itflr this bosh abalrt saint's daays i' this coiintr'y. If ftab liko oaints let 'em hev 'em, . but a'h (.hint Ih6y'd better bo aainlB. thersels, onnywaay tlWy'vo no foiglit to oxpock mo to 'gie up my dnay's waago for thoir fancies. AU've bin studdyiu' t1 dickshun ary an' things to try an foind aht wot it aw moans, but ah'm lettlo.wisor for my trubble. Mobbo yoaoud toll me su'mmat abaht it. L.— In early Christian times, allgoodmenwero callcdsaints. A little later tho term was specially ' applied to mon - of eminently holy and useful lives. Subsequently it was given to such na hud shown fortitude under severo persecution, or who with blood, agony, or lifo paid tho fear ful penalty of Christian fidelity. Over tho graves of martyrs, costly monuments wore reared, 'i'he ohurch overrated such spots ; tho halo of sacredness surrounded them; yearly pilgrimages woro made to thorn and honour was given to the plolls memory of the ' heroic dead. Often splendid olulrchoB were erected on the burial pluses of martyrs ; of, when more convenient, 'churches were dedicated to them and their ashbs or othiir relics wero treasured in enrfi churches. Tho RorrmU Gatholiri i Church ordained that prayer's ?should bo offered to such saints. Their spirits were reputed td have special ace-ess to God, or even honored with special commissions by Him, so that in course of time ehch Christian country had its Patron Saint. That of Englaud was George ; of Scotland, Andrew ; of Irolsnd, Patrick; of Wales,' David ? of France, Denis, and bo on. Tho custom prevailed to nueli an extent that many cities, parishes, and even trades had patron saints. We Imvo no ituthen lic words of aulhoritativo canonization until the tenth century. The twenty-filth session of tho Council of Trent decreod that ' the faithful should with diligent assiduity be taught con cerning tho invocation and intercession of saints, who reign togethor with Christ, and offer their prayers to God Tor men.' The creed of Pope Pius IV (A.D. 1564) says :— ' That the saints rejoicing together with Christ ara to be honoured and invooatod ; that they offer prayers to God for us ; and that their relics are to be venerated.' A patron. saint was therefore one' to whom prayer was to be offered for protection und prosperity. The annual festivals of saints wero originally seasons of sacred enjoyment. On tho festival of a saint to whoso memory a church may be dedicated worship fa held in that elmreh. Our Irish fellow subjects attach great reverence and honour to tho patron saint of their beloved land. By Patrick, the apostle of Ireland, that land wasprobablyevangeliJSod.Tuore is much to admiro in tho long-coutinUod obser vance of a venerable custom, but I quite agree with you that whilst wo should allow our Irish friends — without restraint and without moekerv — to keep up any national or religious customs they may prefer, . it is both unnecessary and unwise for a colonial government to proclaim the days of these festivals. public holidays. The EngliBli und Welsh, possibly too the Scotch, do not apparently OBtimato so highly the past or present services of thoir respective celestial, guardians. I incline to think that they aro nil ratlier sceptical about tho real value of such protection. That possibly may bo a deplorable wrong and u serious loss. At uny rate, barring the disciples of tho Caledonian saint, they do not seem to desire the Queensland Government to elvo it their political favour and grace to their snirituul patrons. G. — Thank ye, sir. Yore dickshunary's better nor moinc, ah guess. Ah wor on most lossin' psrt.o' yore speech wi' thinkin1 wot a handy, thing it mun bo to hev.a patron i1 heaven az'll' gio ye a license yanoo a year to go iu a docker, or purtekt you frao bad results. Ah'm not ' .Inrnt enuff to saay wholher that wor I' object o' them az put saants' (loays into t' awmanak ; ah shud think not. Likolius t' first objects-run to seed i1 course o' toime. Moast things doe that if ye leave 'em alonii. If yo look o'er t' noospim pers yo'll not foind much there abajit relijus worship tho dsay. Hoss raaces wi' plenty o' gumblin' j speshul actin1 at theatre j steam trips wi' plenty o' likkci't erikot an' pyjin maohes. Oh, blessed St. Patrick, this is't' waay thy disciples keep holy .thy daayl Ah'll tell ye wot, there'll be far mair driqk his holth, than praay to him. They'll happen send the woives an' swetharts to prauy for 'em by proxy. Izzeiit much o' this sorto'thiug mrco or fraud ? Cliout .owd Nick if ye loiko, it'll sarve him roight, but dount cheaat yer heavenly purtector. It'll bo fair now for Maoalister to sarve all t' saants aloike. All guess yan's uz good az anuther, inebbp better. Guvornment thinks Boa, picks aht this Saant Paddy, an' sets him up az a demigod i' this new colony. Hadn't wo better hev van o' wahr. own ? If there's no liory-hedded aborijjinal .good enuff, let us adopt Albert- tho-Good. Nauo o' yer second hand saants here if ye ploauso. Ah tnoaau noa disrespcok to 'em for uw that. Aftor aw, nil doant loike t' waay St. Geargo iz put out o' court. Ah loiko him t' best becos he's t' suant o' mi cuntry, an ah'm oawd after him. My moind iz to Barve 'em nw aloike yun waay or t' other. If they bo onny good we laoight az well hev plenty on 'em. Ah doant really think ti' Guvernment oares a row a' pins abalit aw t' saants i' parry dise, au' it sikkens. me to seo 'em before St. Patrick's shrine bondiu' ther heds very low to hide thor'mockin' smiles at t' olevver waay l.hey gull t' Catholic Tolors. Ah liunte this trukkle an' humbug as much as a Orringeman hautes a bit o' green ribbiu, ah dco that. Wo mun now carry this thing aht fairly. Lot ivvery nushun nlity among us, left aw t' relijus seeks, let China men az woll az Islands hev thcr awn demigods; lot's go in on u grate ssale for dod saant?, seem' uz we hev/sae. few livo unB. Nivver moind abaht t' loss o' toime un' munnoy, sae long as ivvery noddy's satisfied. But mind ye, eaoh o' theso idle days costs I' colony a lot'o' munnoy. . L. — Easy, Geordio. Your black nag, datiro, will run away with you one of these days if you put so much spur into his sides. Full him in a bit whilst you explain to me how keeping St. Patrick's holiday will cost the state a lot of money. G. — Why, duzzent ivvory man jaok o' them quill drivers i1 Government oflices, from two pund a dany dohnavdn, get thoir wnagos just t' snaine az if they wore warkin' ? If they draw munnoy nnd deo nowt for it izzont that a loss to t' colony — that is if they ivvor dor wark at uw? it mayn't mnk* much difference ;' but if duzzent, then tack 'om. If they shut up shop fifty daays in a year, nobboddy will oaro if thoy'll uie up t' paoy uz well. That's wot ah hev to deo It's ten bob aht o' my pokket. That's my dunashun for u daay' outin for' t' poor o'orworked t'iuvornmonfc clarks. After giein that much to them, ah canna afford, to gan dnlin to t' Baay an' tak Mary an' Bobbie. There's naayther seuso nor roason, but folly un' shaame i' no tputtin* a stop to sich a paltry an' pittiful objeok bz this. Ah hardlins knaw wich is t' gruatest fules, t' Guvornmont or Bank - Mttiinigcro. %Baath soorts sooms to snap at ivvory ghost ov tt, channce to send off their underlings to spend mu'nn'e'^ Sti' .eoyr wild wots. If two bosses runs a raace, they shut Up dbopi Fixt hollydaays izeent enuff for em, they jump at cxcuseB. If a capplo o' dogs wos to hev.a foight they'd be off to see om an' risk a note or two on t' result. They can deo az thoy loiko rti ther awn toime and munney, but it izzent ther .i}wni tbjrtiS only that's waaBled, an' offun it izzent thor n'wn mi'i'nijey (fli#t/fl gamble:! wi. Hov ye had . onuff, sir ? Ah'll. 6'niy , dtfay that ah liopo it'll be a long toitne before ah'll be uied {of ten bob to1 keep up anuther saant's daay. 