WORSHIP OF THE DEAD. \- The worship of ancestral spirits is sharedin common by the North Turanian races and ; the Chinese. I do not lay much stress on that fact, because the wor ship of the spirits of tho departed is per haps the most widely spread form of natural superstition all over the world. It is important, however, to observe that on this point also, which has always been regarded as most characteristic of Chinese religion, there is no difference between China and Northern Asia. Most of the Finnish and Altaic tribes, says Castren, cherish a belief that death, which they look upon with terrible fear, does not entirely destroy individual existence. And even those who do not profess belief in a future life; observe certain cere monies which show that they think of the "departed as still existing."- They take food,' dresses, oxen, knives, tinder- boxes, boxes, kettles, and sledges, and place them oh the graves; nay, if pressed, they would confess that this is done to enable the departed to hunt, to fish, and to fight, as' they used to do when; alive. Lapps and Finns admit that the body decays, but they imagine that a new body is given to the dead in the lower world. Others speak of the departed as ghosts or spirits, who either stay in the grave or in the' realm of the dead, or who roam about on earth, particularly in the dead of night, and during storm and rain." They give signs of themselves in the howling ot the wind, the rustling of leaves, the crackling; of the fire, and in a'thousand other ways. They are invisible to ordinary mortals, but the sorcerers or Shamas can see; them, and even divine their, thoughts. It is curious that in general these spirits are supposed to be mischievous, and the most mischievous are the spirits of the de parted priests." They interrupt the sleep, they send illness and, misfortunes, and. they trouble the conscience of their rela tives. Every thing is . done to keep them away. When the corpse has been carried out. of the house, a red-hot stone is thrown after the departed, as a charm to prevent his return. The offerings of food and other articles deposited on the grave are accounted for by some as de priving the dead of any excuse for com ing to the house and fetching these things himself. Among tho Tchuvashes a son uses the following invocation when offer ing; sacrifices to the spirit of his tather : -" We honour thee with a feast; look, here is bread for thee, and different kinds of meat; thou hast all thou canst want; but do not trouble us, do not come near us. —Max Muller's Science of Religion. 