THE OARLISTS. Since the 21st July, when the capture of Cuenca was announced, Reuter's agents have not kept us very well posted up in Carlist affairs. Those who feel anxious on the subject may take comfort in the reflection that this is one of those instances in which " no news is good news," As Reuter's Spanish bulletins all emanate from Republican sources we may confidently rest assured that the Carlists are not being beaten or we should certainly be apprised of the fact. Reuter's agents and the whole misnamed " Liberal " party in Europe have a violent antipathy to Don Carlos, for no other reason than that he represents and is fighting for the sacred cause of religion and legitimate authority. " God, King, and Country" is his motto ; and his object is to deliver his unhappy countrymen and subjects from the odious and tyrannical yoke of Liberalism and Atheism, which the machinations of the Secret Societies imposed upon them on the expulsion of Queen Isabella. When the news arrived that Don Carlos had unfurled his standard, and vowed that he would fight his way to the throne of his ancestors or die in the attempt, the intelligence was re ceived by the Liberals of Europe with shouts of derision, mingled with hatred ; and our Adelaide papers, following the lead of the Times , the Daily News, at hoc genus omne oracularly declared that the Carlists were a public nuisance, had not a ghost of a chance, and would soon collapse. These gloomy predictions, however, have not been verified, for the Carlists have fought their way inch by inch, and proved beyond doubt that their chance, if it is a ghost, is a very sub stantial one, and bids fair soon to become a corporate reality. The suc cesses of the Carlists have of course filled their enemies with rage, which has vented itself from time to time in lying reports of "atrocities" said to have been committed by the followers of Charles VII. These have frequently been telegraphed to this side of the world, and as often contradicted. We have before pointed out to our readers that these statements come from the avowed enemies of the Carlists, and must not therefore be taken without the customary grain of salt. The Register of Monday last, in a very long article, which is evidently nothing more than a hash of one of the Daily News' leaders, charges the Carlists with having, after the battle in which the Republican General (Concha) was killed, mutilated and assassinated the wounded, and says "the mutilations are in certain a degree acknowledged by the Carlists themselves." The charges here preferred against the Carlists are of a very grave character, and it might reasonably be supposed therefore that a paper, which professes to be the leading journal in the colony, would not give publicity to them unless they could be supported on unquestionable authority. The public, then, have a right to ask the Register to name their authority for the assertion that the Carlists mutilated and assassinated their wounded prisoners, and to specify the certain degree of mutilations which have been acknowledged by the Carlists, and where, when, and how these acknowledgments have been made. We submit that a journal, which would, we have no doubt, indignantly re pudiate any wilful intention of mis leading the public, has no right to publish statements of this kind which it cannot possibly verify from its own knowledge without naming its authority ; for them, in order that the public may have as fair an opportunity as they them selves enjoy of judging what amount of credence ought to be attached to Jthem. We know that the Register hates the Carlists, and, for the sake of argument, we will admit that we hate the Republicans ; but that is no reason why we should respectively avail our- ' selves of our position as journalists to | malign the objects of our hatred. When we ascribe any atrocities to the Republicans, we name our authority; and we submit that, in common fair ness and honesty, our contemporary should do the same in respect to the Carlists. If we or any other journal, relying on er parte statements, were to publish anything reflecting in juriously on the character of an indi vidual without naming our authority, the Register would be the first to denounce us for violating the recognised rules of journalism; and yet this is what the Register has done in regard to the Carlists. Is it less wrong, then, to slander a party than an individual ? There is certainly this difference between the two cases, that while the individual may suffer in his person and reputation from the libel which has been published against him, the Carlists are never likely to suffer in the smallest degree from the calumnies promulgated against them in the Register. Still, this does not relieve the Register from the obli gation of being on their guard against misleading the public. Neither Reuter nor the Register ever tell us anything about Republican atrocities; but it is not because there are none committed, as can easily be proved on testimony which, if not altogether impartial, is certainly not biassed in favor of the Carlists. To show the barbarous manner in which the war was carried on by Concha, our Melbourne con temporary quotes from the Spanish correspondence of the London Standard. In a letter, dated Logrona, 17th June, the writer says that at Lodosa the Alcade ancl several of his colleagues received a sharp rebuke from the Com mander-in-Chief himself, and were told to expect no leniency in return for their obstinate disloyalty to Spain ; that is, to Serrano, Concha, and Co. In the same letter the correspondent — a great admirer of Concha — with unblushing candor, says that, as a proof of his in tentions, " the Marshal made a razzia of every cart, horse, and every bag of flour for miles round." A decree of this mushroom Government about levying recruits for the army shows how it raises men, and is so barbarous that it is matter for surprise how such a law could be published in the face of civilised nations. This decree makes a father a guardian, a legal representative, responsible for a young man who evades the conscription, under a penalty of two hundred guineas ; and if insolvent to be imprisoned. Further instances of the barbarous and tyrannical pro ceedings of the Republican faction are iurnished by an Englishman, who was an eye-witness of what he relates, in a letter to the London Tablet , and which will be found in another column. It will be seen that we have given chapter and verse for all that we have alleged against the Republicans. Will our con temporary d o the same for their assertions respecting Carlist atrocities 1 To return to the Battle of Estella. The Register tells us (again without naming his authority) that " Marshal Concha's death happened at the most critical moment of the assault, and entirely turned the fortunes of the day." The same thing has been asserted by the Argus ; but fortunately we are in possession of evidence'to the contrary. Marshal Concha did not meet his death " while leading his troops to victory," but after having suffered a decided defeat, as will be seen from the follow ing article which we extract from the Times of J uly 3 : — From the sketch of the late battle before Estella, sent us by our special correspon dent, it is evident that the National Army suffered a decided repulse. The cause is attributed to defects in the commissariat, and to the inclemency of the season, which drenched the ground with rain ; but tlie fact is admitted. According to the various reports, the operations of Marshal Concha were well directed, and to a great extent, successful. Advancing against Estella from the south, he manoeuvred to cut the Carlists off from, their line of retreat, and the effect of his stratagem was that, if they had been driven from their ' positions, they would, undoubtedly, have been compelled to sur render. But they were not driven from their positions. On the contrary, they not only held them, but attacked the Na tional Army on several points, and placed it in great danger. Our correspondent, speaking of the action in which Concha fell, says that heavy rains had made the ground very slippery, and that when the attacking columns reached the trenches " they were exhausted, and, being in dis order, were unable to resist bayonet charges." This sufficiently indicates the nature of the resistance they met with. The Carlists descended from their posi tions, and again ascended the hill, where two batteries were placed. General Concha then put himself at the head of the only three companies available, and a cavalry squadron, and moved forward to arrest the Carlist progress. In short, the National troops were defeated in their attack on the works at Muro ; they were attacked in turn by the enemy, and. routed; the Carlists advanced; only a few regiments were in a condition to oppose them, and it was at the head of these that Marshal Concha fell. The im minence of the peril explains why the aged commander should himself lead on his troops, and expose himself to almost certain death. His troops had been "re pulsed a third time, and it was necessary to arrest the Carlist progress." He feared that his army might be driven in disorder from field, and his whole plan of opera tions disconcerted. This is quite sufficient to show that the fortunes of the day were decided before Concha was killed. The Register. further tells us (again without naming his authority) that the Carlists might havs completely routed the Republicans at this juncture, had they possessed the courage they get credit for. The courage of the Carlists has been proved on more than one occasion, and that there was no lack of it in this engage ment is equally capable of demonstra tion. In the first place, the Carlists had two to one against them, for while they had only 25,000 men, the Republican army consisted of not less than 50,000 men, with 86 pieces of artillery. The immense advantage which the possession of artillery gives to an army is too well known to need demonstration ; but, notwithstanding the great preponderance of strength on the Republican side, it appears that it was only the darkness of the night which saved them from being utterly routed. ! Throughout the campaign, Don Carlos and his followers having been fighting against heavy odds, and the fact of their , having maintained their ground so long I and so firmly, is of itself a sufficient proof that they are not wanting in 1 courage, and if they are noi harrassed by foreign interference, their ultimate success is generally considered to be morally certain. There is, hoAvever, some danger that they will bejjinterfered with. Bismarck has long had ambitious designs on Spain, and the progress of the Carlists is looked upon with a very jealous eye in the Court of Berlin. Not that the Prussian autocrat has any love for Republican institutions, but he fears that if Don Carlos ascends the throne of Spain he will succeed in restoring Spain to her former position as one of the great Powers, and will probably form an alliance with France. In Tuesday's papers a telegram Avas published, stating that the Carlists at Gaetaria had fired upon a German gunboat, which replied by sending six shells into the town. We are not in formed what provocation was given in the first instance by the German gun boat, but it is scarcely likely that the Carlists would be so foolish as to invite an attack from a foreign power, while their hands are so full with the Repub licans. We have little doubt in our own minds that this is another of Bismarck's little dodges. Nothing would suit his purpose better than for the Carlists to afford him some excuse, no matter hiw slight, for poking his nose into Spanish affairs. 