THE HAUNTED HOUSE NEAR HAMPSTEAD. BZ DdBIiit do 6TKLIO. I Demon, Ghost, or Ghoul—what is it? IIL — (Continued#, I ' With quick suspicion the attorney turned to Mrs. Jones. ; 1 What fi&Ve; yon done with that paper/ he cried, 1 whioh you, and Thomas there, wifoeaed last night V | j Me, sir 1' . exclaimed the astonished home I keeper. I done with it, sir P I've never set I eyes upon it since — not from that hour to this !' 1 You lie, woman l Yotrwere in this room bj 1 yourself, and you must have taken it 1 I Before she could reply he again tossed over the 1 w m a V J»«x« % piu0W | «U8V It Itto) tuff IQlSCu6 Ot Ittt rQOti ISO I rummaged the byd inpvery direotioQ, respecting | ttte' dead no more than if a leg of wood hid bin | inf his place. I ! For shame, Mr, Yowles I' exclaimed the home I keeper. Is thai the.way to behave ? I j' Mrs. Jones/said the attorney, quivering with I ill-suppressed passion, ' I advise you not to trifle I with me. The will is gonet and you've taken it. I I'll have you searched ''. ; ' ; I 1 Come, eir/ said the gardener, a sturdy feHowt I this won't do, sir- — Mrs. Jones is respectable » J and above euch an aofc as that. I ' If it was the last word I had to utter—' 1 'That you wouldn't, Mrs. Jones, that yea | wouldn't/ exclaimed Jbpth Jthe housemaids is 1 chorus/completing the unfinished asseveration ; I you'd scorn it, Mrs; Jones.' I: ?? ' iThe housekeeper's .Ruoento wan so fuflri, j hbnestyythc gesferi&htoiibf; in her inhooenoe io j fi,ndispmraexoc»ived ao strong, tfo:; the&tarnejrArefvf; in ms horns. " Jr I ' Well, he sdlt'a the most marvellous thing in the world 1 . Here.was a will Blade, and in safe keepiagonlya fewbours ago; and hp it'i smnimavajr, uoampws wnwo ju» excuse my irritation,Mrt . Jones, I am intererifd inj that will, Th poor dear old gentleman k» ne $ trifle. ' I We'll help you to searoh for If, sir,' a«3 1" housekeeper coldly. 1 Master's keys er® fefeg00 that table. There's the. box he kept his _ peptn in. Open it, and let us all stand by while jog lopk-for the missing, wilL He may bno few#® it no after vbu left? f True ! true ! Mre. Jonee, rm obliged to yon» said Mr. Yowles. 8tuptd in me not to tore thought of that/ , . He offirtM taUufetwrifcM; bouMk-f- ibnr bnk. wd pointed to. bto. It was opened. Bre Paper turned ovw one by one; but ibjjedtee, which Mr. Voh» oould have sworn to at w gtawe, was n® cm coveredki t ' ' eoia as off to regfetxsr of dms g tett mito let tb® ot0> kispw j— oh, yes, he's dead- eun enopghi up hit feed #ith timaheet, JUbe«. Jonm |--eni" mi have a " \ till Hie menuog. JOupidity bleoo. of .11 iMnal .an, ? previous pJHtopteind44w imam w#1 brlught on by aguW»orte,%|n tohe plaped in ito coh in nolh« Sith then he would search again, , feris tomaki ArdOH;h5tii whle, which, though not to his hking> n £ behvoided. Ilf ;lee| ! ' M, nrfnTT)- — -rgb s -iia«i«iger, th41«d-efettf/fe .« lanfous robbmr, up toonytoiD. . .....Mm, sleep., h flA thief who is clever Stsftamiiilng »V8»t s \''X . . jtTYojriei 0Djd and not have promidgatea the news of ff KAp|>|A»» ? but the papers would report the inrtortt, concealment Has impossible, and there- fort bewrote to announce 'the melancholy eyenr I. ut, Orowther's pxpeotant relations— that is to IJ/toaUwholina&'IiiAaoB. IbwW-Monly U,.'wbo did not lHra fliMe— the nttoest in Wood cut him Mr. Vowlo. toddMrtnllrforgW. It was late in the afternoon of the day follow- ,B(r that on which -Mr. Crowtfaer died before the mortuary arrangements were matte that left the field dear for the search which the attorney nrooosedto renew. If there had been a gloom Ler Ardmore House while old Dick Orowther lived, it was not diminished by his being in his coffio. Natural feeling apart— though there was little in this instance to excite it— a senee of awe attaches always to the presence of the dead amongst the living, and every one of the house aervants sincerely wished that their late master was buried. But it was a more than common apprehension that made them unwilling to venture near the room in which he had been placed, though the door was looked and the key oi it in Mrs. Jones's pooket. Old Dick Orowther's life, they felt tolerably sure, had been a bad one; the manner of his death was strange, the loss of the will a thing to wonder at ; he was himself so weird of aspect, and so rich withal, that they found plenty to talk about to augment their fear. Alone, aot one of them would have consented to go upstairs; and they moved about hurriedly in pairs, returning as quickly as they could to their common centre before the kitohep fire. Scarcely more comfortable thoughts filled the mind of Mr. Vowles as he sat in his prjvifte jioart- ment meditating by turns on the past, the pre sent, and the future. It was, however, no time for inaction— that he knew — and all the medita tion in the world would not advance his object — the discovery of the will. He must set to work in earnest if he wished to find it, and so, con quering his repugnance to enter the room where he bad seen the fearful spectacle of his patron's twisted corpse, he took up his light and proceeded towards his destination. He had to pass the diningroom where, food for worms, old Dick Growther tested the weight of his own mahogany, and ho shuddered as he quickly strode by : the next moment He cautiously turned the handle of the bedroom door, and as cautiously entered. The chamber, it will be remembered, was both large and lofty, and the light Mr. Vowles carried was Leo feeble to penetrate the obscurity in which it was wrapped. He set the candle down on the tablo, which he drew close to the bod, where he proposed to make his first examination. It was likely enough that the paper he was in search of might have slipped between the mattresses, and one by one he carefully displaced all the coverings, shaking them out, and casting them in a beap on the floor. When he had taken away the, lower sheet, and thrown that aside with the rest, he paused for a few moments to consider bow he should proceed. The firet mattress was thick and heavy, and it required all his strength to drag it off the bed : he wished also that his operations should be conducted as noiselessly as possible. The table must be put back to its former place to admit of room for the mattress to lie on the ground, and Mr. Vowles turned to remove it. Gracious Heaven ! what object met his view! There, peering across the table, etood old Dick Orowther, with the same malicious eyes and the same wicked grin that Mr. Vowles so well recol lected ! The figure did not speak, but the expression on its terrible face plainly asked — as Mr. Vowles averred to his -dying day — if he had found the will; and a hideous chuckle seemed to express delight at the attorney's failure. Suddenly the figure stretched out his long arms sb if to seize him, but more than this Mr. VowleB was unable to remember : his terror was so exces sive that he sank eirthe> floor in a swoon. Again and'again the cry ol Woe! woe!' re funded through Ardmore House, nuking the blood run cold of the group in the kitchen, who haddled together for protection. ' Lord have mercy upon us l' exclaimed Mrs. Jones, falling on her knees ; ' the same words as Jwt night. 1 And forgive us our sins !' chimed in both the housemaids, following her example. I Thomas's teeth chattered ; he tried to speak, but could utter nothing intelligible. 'Something heavy seemed to tumble, said Mrs. Jones, pointing to the ceiling. 4 Per-haps,' said Thomas, not yet master of his voice 4 per-haps — the— the — De-De-Devil —is — a-carrying off — of — M-m-master !' ( Oh Lord! oh Lord !' screamed the three women, in simultaneous chorus. 'Ortbat — there — attur-ney!' continued Thomas, pursuing the encouraging theme. 4 Who — who'll go and eee ?' 4 Woe ! woe 1' shrieked the unearthly voice ; but the sound came now from a different quarter. If at that moment you had offered thoBe four persons a thousand pounds apiece, in glittering gold, it would not have tempted them to stir a foot. ' What can have become of William ?' ejacu lated Susan, the younger of the two housemaids. S ie alluded to the gardener, the only one who &s; absent. ' He never,' she added, 4 stops out so late as this V ' Here I am !' said the person in question, en tering as he spoke. Another scream from Susan. Oh Lord, William, you've given me quite a tum. Is it you ?' t ' Who else should it be ?' returned her admiver. Why, what ever is the matter — you seem all nohow- like !' t Well wc may, William !' said Mr. Jones, and so would you be if you'd heard what we've heard!' „ What did you hear ? I I can't teii you, William,' Perhaps I might say the same if you was to Mk mo what I've just seen.' ' Oh, what was it ? cried they all. gathering round the gardener. ' That's just where it is,' said William. 4 1 aon t know. -But, he continued, speaking in a |ttve, even a solemn tone, ' I'll tell vou what. fJi?06 mtna8 believes in ghosts or them jrind of things'— his listeners shivered— 4 but if I was to be put on my oath, I could only say what 1 think Isaw/ . Nobddy this time 1 had courage to repeat the former question, and William went on; 'Not more than five minutes since— hardly so poming along the iniddle garden M bw" «rthiftg up my Mloqr, W" juBt a gleam io whpl with (he first floor windows, fend all of J JttWbromething flew right down and lit upon out oh that side, puknbw. Jft wte tiling, but it made ho noise, fend I saw it as plain as I see any of yon, "Sljlh wFffltfe. ?"Ygot ttlghferv and looked up,but> before I could fix it the thing took another sweep, fluttering through the to", and fetched up in a moment on the top of the next buttress, five-apd- twentyfoot off if it's an inch. There it sat, didn't move till I got close to it again. I bad my lantern, and turned the light foil on. If that wasn't Mr. Orowther's face, why I don't see yours, Thomas ; nor yours, Susan ; nor yours, Mrs. Jones.1 4 Whatever did you do, William P' said Susan, pressing closer. 'Hooked my hardest,' replied the gardener, 'hut while Hooked the thing was gone— vanished altogether.' 4 And was it like master?' asked Thomas. Two peas aren't liker. White whiskers, flat features, and, if I may to express myself, wrapped up in a shroud V His very winding-sheet !' exclaimed Mrs. Jones. 4 And now,' said William, ' please to satisfy my curiosity.' They made enough of their subject, and when they had repeated, with variations, their several experiences, William observed,— 4 It appears to me that the proper thing to do is to name all this to Mr. Vowles, and if he thinks fit, we might just look in and eee if all'e right in the diningroom.' Every possible objection was raised, particularly to the course last recommended ; but William was firm, and bis firmness gave them something like courage ; courage enough to make them fol low iu his wake when he led the way upstairs. A gentle tap at the door of Mr. Vowles's apartment produced no answer ; a harder knock, yet nobody replied. It was found that he .was not within. Had Thomas's words come true ? The women shook as they brought them to mind, i I see a light at the end of the passage in Mr. Orowther's bedroom,' said William. 1 He may be there.' There, indeed, they discovered Mr. Vowles, stretched at full length beside the bed, and sense less. The front of his shirt was dabbled in blood, and a deep gash furrowed his faoeas if some sharp instrument had scored it, though no weapon was anywhere visible. The bed clothes were scattered about the room, one of the sheets being torn to shreds ; the other was missing. The luckless attorney was raised and carried into his own chamber. By dint of cold water, some brandy, and other restoratives, they brought him to his senses. When he opened his eyes, he looked round with a terrified air. 4 Hide him from me !' he exclaimed ; don't let me see him again ! Burn the will if it's found! I renounce the gift. Send for a carriage, and take me away from this detestable place ! Oh, that dreadful vision ! Dick Orowther, Diok Orowther, where have you gone to now?' And once more the- wretohed man swooned away. ( I'll see the rights of this, though, said William resolutely. ( dive me the key, Mrs. Jones. Let anybody oome with me that likes !' Susan and Thomas followed : the other two remained with Mr. Vowles. The thick air of the diningroom was already pervaded by the sickening odour of death, and silently the three drew near the coffin, which rested on the table in the middle of the room. Susan, who clung to William's arm, hid her face on his shoulder as he put out his disengaged hand to raise the cloth which had been placed to cover the dead. 'Is it empty?' she whispered, not daring to turn her head. ' No !' he replied ; ' there he lies, though I must own I hardly expected to have seen him. Look, Thomas !' ' Ye — s,' said Thomas — but the glance was a very haety one. ' Now,' he added, let's be off, we know all we want to.' 'Not quite,' observed William, putting back the oloth ; 'however, it's of no use staying here any longer.' Double lock the door,' said Thomas, as they, all left the room. 'And I say, William, wouldn't lt.be iu well to have up the parson from West End ? I could soon fetch him. 51 ' Fetch the carnage first to take Mr Vowles home; he's coming to again, I can hear. We can see about the parson by-and-by.' William had quite taken the lead in the house, and Thomas did as he was , ordered. In about half an hour he returned with a fly. Mr, Vowles, who shook like an aspen, and had lost all his presence of mind, was helped into it and driven away, and no one now. remained at Ardmore House but Mr, Orowther's servants. V. The story, incoherently told by Mr. Vowles, while the women were in attendanoe on him, was of a nature to confirm their worst apprehensions. It was all very well, they said, when they con ferred together afterwards— it was all very well for Him— they did not like now to mention Mr. Orowther's name — -to go back to his coffin ; of , course he could do that as easy as leave it ; to ( got him to stay there waB the thing. ' Sperrite/ said Mrs. Jones, ' can't be confined by bolts and bars. If they're uneasy when they leave the body, uneasy they'll be afterwards. He wasn't comfortable when he died, that were pretty clear. Them hands as tore down the curtains and grappled the bed-clothes was quite enough to show he bad something on his mind at the time he was took. She shouldn't wonder if it waB the will. Mr. Vowles had hinted as much. Why Bhould he say he would give it all up if wrong hadn't been done to somebody ? They Jail knew who that was likely to be. No— he wouldn't be laid till such as ought to had their rights which they was justly entitled to them.' The euspicione of such people as the . house keeper and ber companions on matters of fact gene- : rally point in the right direction, much that they overhear helping them to their conclusions. Mr. Vowles, however, had said sufficient to make them suppose that old Dick Orowther had made an unjust will, and, to their thinking, nothing was more natural than that he should 4 walk' ia consequence. 4 He hadn't been able to consume it in his life time'— her late master and a raging fire were somehow associated in Mrs, Jones's idea—4 and os that account he come back to make away with it. These arguments and opinions did not, how ever. make the situation more pleasant. Little as any of the household liked the attorney, they wished he had remained till the legacy question was settled; then they Could "suit" themselves, for stay longer in a place that was haunted they neither couid nor would. Mrs. Jones, too, felt the responsibility that, in the absence of Mr, Vowles, hadfoflenupon ber, and if she had knows here young Mr.James Orowtherwu living, she ' Would have written to him of her oWn accord; fcthwi. hiram, «nd »h. ro IgMiaiitjirlMtliMuto, Herein England or not. j There was only one person who didnofc share in toe general perturbation. This was William, the gardener, who, though ooonpied like his fellow servants with the events of the last four-and- twenfy hoars, sat thoughtful from a different cause. At last, after a long silence, he spoke, 'About that noise tint woke us all up last night, and you say was repeated this evening before I came in.' 1 Well, William ? What about it?.' said they all. 1 want to know what you think it was,liks.' 4 Like ! Like nothing I ever heard before ! It orept into my very marrow, said Mrs. Jones. So it did into mine,' said Thomas, corrobora ting the .housekeeper ; 1 1 felt it right under me as I lay. I thought at first it was I— do'— no' —what — stopping no end of a team of horses.' 4 Wo ! wo !' interposed Mrs. Jones, 4 was the very words It uttered, but much more awfuller, Thomas, than ever horses was spoke to !' 4 Could an old man have screamed so ?' asked William. 'His sperrit might, returned Mrs. Jones. 1 Sperrits and men is very different.' 4 More wind in 'em, said the gardener, jo- coBely. ' Oh, don't make a joke of it, William,' cried Susan. It is an impious thing to do,' said the house keeper. ' Well, but what made him oall out ?' 'His pains, William. He was a dying perhaps at that moment.' 4 Very good. But he could enly die onee ; his pains were over when you heard the cry again. Only One knows, William ! 4 I'm afraid,' added Mrs. Jones, in a trembling voice, 44 they was only beginning.' Where did the first sound seem to come from to-night ? 4 Bight overhead. In His bedroom.' 4 Was that before you heardMr. Vowles fall down ?' ' No— a little after. ' And how do you think Mr. Vowles cut his face ?' 4 He struck against the table in falling. 4 Did Mr. Vowles say so ? 4kNo. He couldn't call anything to mind after seeing Him— that is, Master — show his teeth and make a sort of strike outjwith his arms.' William asked no more questions, but resumed his meditations. After a while he told Thomas he wanted him, and, taking the groom aside, he said, in a low voice ; ' I mem to sit up to-night. Arc you afraid to keep me company ?' To this direct appeal, Thomas could only make one reply : He was not afraid. And he said so the more rapidly that he put- greater trust in William's courage than in his own. The men slept together, and to be alone in his bed was the worst alternative. 4 Well,' said William, in a cheerful tone, returning to his seat and addressing the women, 4 you need have nothing to fear to-night. Thomas and I are going to mount guard till the morning. Don't say a word about it, Susan : we mean it. Time for supper, Mrs. Jones. A little extra beer will do us no harm.' The meal was eaten, the kitchen, cleared, and ' the gardener and groom were left together. VI. Now they are gone,' saich William, 'I'll tell you, Thomas, what I'm going to do. I didn't care to name it befSre Mrs. Jones and the girls. 4 What ?' asked Thomas. 4 This,' replied the other. ' There's foul play of some kind going on in this house. What it is I don't know, but I mean to try and get to the bottom of it. I don't believe a; word abont the old gentleman walking.' ' But you saw him yourself, William.' 4J3omebody very like him, % must confess. When I saw Mr. Orowther, he was, in his coffin.' 4 Who was the other, then ?' 4 Old Nick, maybe. But that's the mystery. 1 suspect thieves. They think to frighten as all by their strange noises, and then rob the place. I infesnd to spoil their game. 4 How ?' 4 Yon shall see. Wait here a minute.' William left the kitchen, and shortly returned withagnn in one hand and a powder-flask and shot-belt in the other. ' This,' he said, laughing, 'keeps the birds off in summer : it must keep off thieves in winter, or pepper 'em if they come. Those ohapa don't like the report of fire-arms. William then drew the old charge, eased the hammer, tried the trigger with his thumb, loaded the gun, and put a fresh cap on the nipple. When he had prepared his weapon, he eet it upright in the chimney corner, and invited the groom to help him out with the beer. To thin proposition : Thbmas gave a prompt assent, and .thus gently sipping and nodding to eaoh other's good health, with fragments of talk between, the time wore on towards midnight. When the last drop was drained— nothing having occurred to disturb their conversation- William rose and shouldered his gun. 4 Come along, Thomas,' he said. 4 Where are you going to ? ' asked the groom. 4 Over the house, replied William. 4 At this time of night ! exclaimed Thomas. ' I thought you meant to stay here. I didn't bargain for this.' 4 1 can't help what you bargained for. What's the use of our being here, if any one breaks in up-etairs ? De as you please. I fflnjl go, at all events.' Ashamed to be thought a coward, though with none of the feelings of a hero, Thomas also rose and said he was ready. 1 Take the lantern, then, and don't show too much light/ They walked abreast, having taken their Bhoes off, as a precaution against noise. On the floor to which they first ascended,' all was still as death ; death, indeed, reigned there as silently as in the tomb. William listened at the diningroom i door. No need to disturb that,' he void, and passed on. The bedroom underwent a visitation, reluctant as Thomas was to go iu. Dreary enough, but a blank. 4 Do you mean to go aay highw ? inquired Thomas, whose sense of security diminished the . further he left his usual haunt behind. 4 Higher?' answered William. 4 To the root' Very seldom, indeed, had the inniates of Ardmore House mounted the principal stairofese, not a room on the drswingroom floor being furnished. r : H William theBold proceeded with oaoUon, depend upon it that Thomas the Timid was not 1ms mroumspeoi i every angle was eyed jby him as if the forty thieves— of whom he had never heard —were at his elbow : it. was no matter, there were forty thousand thieves and fee many ghoBts in his imagination. The staircase creaked, though these who mounted were shoeless : new wood, contracted for, complains as much as old. On the upper landing-place the broad pamage was dim with the December fog, which had gradually orept up from the lower ground and now pervaded the house. It was chilly, and Thomas shivered : of course because of the cold. William neither shivered nor faltered, but moved straight on. Whoever visited that part of the house last, had left one of the doOrs ajar : a reason for be ginning the circuit there. It opened into a broad ante-room, from a corner of which a stair case led to the attics on the garden side. Like every other part which they had yet visited, nothing was to he heard or seen. To be seen? Stay! After advancing not more than three paces, Thomas grasped his companion's arm. 4 What's that?' he said, in the very faintest whisper. 4 Baise your lantern,' replied William ; 4 1 see nothing/ 4 But I do,' said Thomas. 4 A thing like— — oh, Lord, it's Master himself ! What shall we do ?' 4 Master, is it ?' returned William. 4 Let us see! The light was flashed across the ante-room, and William beheld what might have made the bravest tremble. Slowly, and with the laboured effort which characterised his manner of walking when he lived, with hie head poking forwards, and his long arms swaying to and fro, with cadaverous face and dis tended jaws, old Diok Orowther appeared silently J moving towards the intruders. , . - J William's heart beat quicker at thfc' ' flight, and for a moment it quite failed him. Only, how ever, for one moment : in the next his courage came back. 4 It may be Master, or it may be t'other one,' he said in a low, determined voice ; 4 but which ever 'tis, I'll have a shot at him !' 4 Don't!' said Thomas, quaking with dread. ' Ho he-ears y-you !' 4 He shall feel me too! Keep the lantern steady/ The fignre raised one of its arms in a menacing attitude. The hand was then lowered and seemed to reBt on the projecting balustrade of the stair case, with one finger pointing downwards. Wil- liam cooked his gun and poised before he raised it to his shoulder. At that inetant the figure dis appeared. 4 Gone!' exclaimed William in astonishment. 4 Oh no, I wish it was,' said Thomas, fascinated by fear ; 4 1 see him still — on the top stair. He is shaking his hand again !' . At those words William levelled and fired. ' There was a loud report, but it was lost in the pieroing ' Woe ! woe!' which immediately filled the air. 4 Give me the lantern,' said William. 'I'll follow him up. I've hit him.' 4 Don't be a fool !' cried Thomas, striving to detain his companion. 4 Hell carry you off with him to ' Before Thomas could articulate the place he meant to name, William had rushed up the staircase. The scene just enacted had been a terrible trial to the poor groom, but, left in and suspense, his condition now was worse. Afraid to stir hand or foot, he stood stock still, in momentary expectation of being seized upon. He began the Oburoh service in his fear: 4 44 When the wicked man—" He got no further : a loud shout calling, him by name made him, fall on his knees, and took away his utterance. Again his name, jras shouted, and Thomas re cognised William's voice ; he tried to reply, hut his own was too feeble to make itself heard, and once more, silence prevailed. Not long, however, for presently the light gleamed from above, and William descended. He looked composed biifc pale, and as he held out the lantern for Thomas to take, the groom observed that his hand was red with blood. 4 For God's .sake ! what have you done ?' hs asked. 4 I'll foil you, Thomas, when we get down stairs. I have seen something I didn't expect to see/ 4 Woe! wqe!' A pause. A fainter cry : 'Woe! woe!' Fainter still: 'Woe! woe!' And with the last prolonged note the sound died away altogether. VYon'Jl; npt hear it again/ said William. 'I expect that was about his last.' VII. On the third day after Mr. Orowther's death, a stranger came to Ardmore Honee, and asked for the housekeeper. Though altered by sickness and privation the change was not sufficient to conceal his identify, and Mrs. Jones recognised Mr. James Orowther. The interview was grave and full of deep interest. The housekeeper told him all that had lately happened, and more than the reader yet knows. There was no one to oontest the rights of the eldest son — no will to bar him from taking possession of his father's property. We pass ovpr the details of the funeral to fellow the foots tops of the heir, as, accompanied i by William, he ascended to that part of the house where the figure shot at by the gardener had dis appeared. William led his young master to an attic, used as a storeroom for keeping apples and vegetables for winter use. On a heap in one corner a dark object was coiled up, and a torn sheet, stained with blood in several places, was spread out beside it. ' This, sir/ said William, dragging the object nearer the light, ' was the cause of all our trouble. Mr. James Orowther had only arrived in Eng- ( land two days before, in a vessel which brought ( him from the East, whither he had adventured j to better his fortunes,' and the first thing that greeted him was a paragraph in Times4 obituary, announcing his father's death. He looked attentively at what was beforo him. I have beeh in Malacca,' he said. 4 These creatures are common there, It is a gibbon, or long-arme ape. Some call it 44 Wob- woo," from the cry it ufcsers. Its habits are predatory, and it ia tot, fieree when oppojoi. There eon be bo jpim tp wOTm itadf when ft gyffjy; dumber. Verjlikeljit hag _a SSSa «i,i0l8ir.' OTifl Willimn, .looping. for I didn't, and nobody else comes here but me. They have writing on them. There were two pieces of paper, mere strips, with marks of teeth indented. On the first was written, in a large official hand, 4 1 bequeath to my only son, James Orowther—' The rest was torn away. On the second, 4 the whole of my real and ' a gap; then followed 'personal property after all my just debts are paid.' To this last were appended the signatures of Biohard Orowther and the attesting witnesses. 4 The creature,' said Mr. James Orowther, 4 must have picked up the w ill and eaten all bnt these fragments/ That was the most probable conclusion. Another, afterwards verified, was that the animal had escaped from the Zoological Gardens ; bnt to this hour there are many, and Thomas the groom is amongst the number, who firmly believe that Ardmore House is haunted hv old Diok Orowther. Bentley's Miscellany . 