[?] THE IMPENDING SWORD. BY EDMUND YATES. ATTTHOROF 'BLACK SHEEP,' ' NOBODY'S TOS.TXTRB,' &O.; . - . t ? Published by special arrangement with the Author.] BOOK L— THE EMPIRE OITY. Chap. IX. — A Dhoter of Cseebritibs. . Mr. Duval, punctual to his appoint?, ? ment, pulled up the spanking chesnuts on to their haunches at Miss Montressor's ? door exactly at 4 o'clock on the Sunday' afternoon. They were very spanking ~ ejhesnuts indeed, and the. mail phaeton -^ glistened with varnish, and on every .. . place on the harness where it was pos ? sible, massive pieces of silver-plate hadbeen put. All this was, of course, exaggerated and outre, and quite foreign 'to .Bryan Duval'sgood taste, but that good taste had been swamped by a long connection with theatricals, and the wondering stares of the public, which he would formerly have shrunk from, he now took delight' in, and disdained no method by which they might be attracted. . ..: The phaeton, the horses, and the har ness, the huge bearskin rag, with the French viscount's coronet, in red, elabo rately displayed in one corner of it, which enwrapped his legs, the very costume of Mr. Duval himself, far more French than Enerlish.. in its corlv brimmed hat. its brilliant necktie, its small jean boots, with glittering tips, and its faultless peau de Suede gloves, all these were merely so many component parts of the general ad ~ vertisement. ~i . When people stopped in the street, and nudged each other, muttering, as Lhe could plainly see by the motion' of their: lips, 'that's Bryan Duval !' the actor author inwardly winked, chuckling at the .^-notoriety, and recognising the success of the performance, inwardly only, for he knew what a mistake it -would have been * to do away with the mysterious interest with which he was regarded by dropping - into the comedian or buffoon, and there -_~ fore when any public eye was on him ; '??-* His face preserved the look of suffering earnestness which it was accustomed to . . wear in his stage creations. When the garden gate was opened, at the ring of the very elaborate groom who had slid himself into the road before the horses had stopped, Miss Montressor ap peared at the inner door of the villa— and very pretty and picturesque she looked in her velvet skirt, and her upper dress of fine gray cloth velvety bound and buttoned, and her small ckic bonnet ;to s match. *'. . '?' ! ; ' How good of you to be so punctual '!''/ she said, with a bright smile. ~ ' ' And how noble of you to be ready at : the appointed time ?' he cried from the phaeton. 'I will give you two extra sobs in your next tragic part as a re ward.' ; ? , ' You are a horror,' she said, shaking her handsome parasol at him, ' to speak of your own genius in that way;. won't you come in?' i ' 'No, thanks,' said Bryan, with a smile, which was so peculiar, that Miss Montressor flushed slightly and said, in reply : ' There is no one here.' ?: ' Oh, I don't mean that !' said Duval; 'and I should not have minded in. the. /?-T JUsaist if there had-been ; but we may as . well take advantage of the brightness of the day, and have a stroll in Richmond Park before dinner.' : 'Oh, that will be delightful !' said Hiss Montressor. 'I am perfectly ready to start at once. Justine, have I got -~tt- «Verything ?' ^Justine, who 'was really Jane Clark, but who had adapted her present appella tion from the name of a sonbrette in a melodrama, replied in the affirmative, and Miss Mbntressor, having taken her place by Bryan's side, they drove away. The wind was cool, but there was a bright sun, and the road was enlivened with crowds of people, making, the imost of this, the first day of anything like fine weather, to escape from the dark streets to which they had been so long confined/ They were off to the river Bide public houses of Putney and Mortlake, where they would talk over the details of the race between Oxford and Cambridge, which had receEtly been ? decided, or to the gardens of Kew, where they ^rovM] pant in the tropical houses, and examine, with intense interest, the prospects of the budding trees and shrubs. They were pleasure- going people, for the most part, who were accustomed to rank the theatre as ''one of their chief amusements, &nd; who, from their hard benches in the pit, made apointof seeing any play which had a successful run at least once. So that Bryan Duval was well known by sight to most of them, as well as to the omnibus drivers, who would lean back, and roar ^ in a hoarse voice behind their wash leather gloves to the conductor, ' Knw him ? Dooval, the hactor ?' . ' . It is not to be supposed that Mr. Duval was unmindful of the sensation he caused. . When the omnibus men touched their: hats to him, he raised his own with a grave, graceful bow ; but even when he; spoke to his companion, he. still pre ; served the same impressive look upon his lace. - . ? ? t ' You see, Clara, my dear,' he said, ??;*_ with easy familiarity, though his lips' '?' ' ! never relaxed one whit; 'you see how . - very effective this is. People often ask, . me why I keep a mail-phaeton, and- a; brougham, and these chesnuts. and all th^ rest of it ; they wonder I don't go about in a hansom cab ; they say I should be much more independent, and it would ie much cheaper ; but independently of the fact that I prefer my own handsome phaeton and comfortable brougham to any hansom cab, 1 find that the expense of them is almost met by the purposes they serve as an advertisement. . Now this drive to-day is worth to me considerably more than half a column over the clock in the Times. These people would glance at that — they wouldn't read it.; they never do read long, advertisements-^and forget ^ nil about it the next minute ; but when they go home to-night, they will; say to. , ? the children who are sittipg up tap jtheuy' as to the^pld man for whom it ^as^opTong, a walk : . * Who do you think we a(rir.to- \- day ? Why, Dooval, the performeiyiifc^ that makes love so well,.and driving suohr a swell 'trap;' and- then one or the other of them will say they haven't seen me on the stage for some time, and wonder .what I am, doing, ; or: whaif new piece I have written, and then they will look out the advertisement in the weekly paper, and you may take your oath that the money for a couple 6F hundred pit seatB is as good as in my pocket at the present moment.' As they turned into Richmond Park, they saw approaching them, by another1 road, a well-appointed drag, with four splendid roan horses, and driven by a tall, gentlemanly-looking man, with a wonderful woe-begone countenance. On the box, beside him, sat an over-dressed young person, with blonde hair, and .a face that was blue in the sun' and streaky in the shade. She was talking Volubly to her companion, but* none of her sallies seemed to have the slightest effect in rousing him. ' -~ ? ? : '« That's Laxington,' said Duval, as the two.yeMcles neared each ^ other,' *? and Patty Calyeri by liia^fiide, . of course' You know Laxington, don't you?. Ah,, theny don't be surprised if the bow which he^ivesyJouiH a very cool r. one, it-is aa. much as his life is worth to. take notice of any other woman when the fair Patty,, is by him. He is too much of a gentleman' not to be courteous to ovsrybody, but my idea is that he°has a very bad time of it.- And now just look at those fellows on the top of the drag. Two or three of them can trace their ^descent back to the. Con-' queror — though they would, have no pull, over me there— there is no j better blood than that of the Duvals in all France, my dear Clara, though that- perhaps, does not interest you — and. the rest 4ue' theaonsof - fellows who havie made thinr money by brewing, or 3nfairigj'^r/'*cagryV ing goods by.' ra&wayj; or Bbme other* gentlemanly occupation of the same .land, and yet there is not the ghost of . an idea among the whole- lot!;- Irass^ujej you, beyond telling a broad istory,; and retailing the gossip of the- backstairs, rthey hiive not a \»brd to say for; them selves. ' Dining in their company is the hardest work! know-rr-harder ..even ithan it must be for you to listen -to the odori ferous protestations of Mr. Hedger's Romeo.' V ;; * ^ . ?**.'I can faricy it,'^she-said, ** from my little experience in that. line. L;;-But,'-she added, looking saucily «p at him, ' what do you do it for ? I am always seeing your name in the papers, as dining jwith, swells— if you dislike it so,, why ' do, you ^bit.r. ? :*:''j'.:^y~z :'V: ?-? ' As a matter of business, my dear^^ said he, bending down/ and speaking to her quietly, ' because the Duva3scl6sjb-ail their property in Jhe first, revolution^ «ridc because tie beautifnljestate of Enockna .bocklish, County Tipperary^ Lwhich ? ben longed- to iny mother's i atnily, ? %& long ; since' : sold in /the ; Encumbered Estates^ Court ? because : I have 7 my own way to fight : in the ? #orld, and to do that I anust take'whajtever weapon comes ready *&? my .hand.; Do: you imagine that I like going i;p Jhese dinners — do you, think f don't know- the terms on which i am received— as a superior Jack Pudding, a table buffoon, a breaker of that dead,^dull silence, which, without me, orsorae one equivalentto ine, would reign unrelieved ^throughonti^he whole dreary banquet. : By Jove,; when' the thought cornea over me, sometimes I am ready- to start tip and rush out of ihe place,- I am so ashamed of myself for having descended to such depths-' And. Mr. Duval sent his whip curling over, the heads of the chesnuts, causing them to' plunge-and-dart off into a mad gallop. : Miss Montressor neither felt nor showed the sinaUest fear.. . Had Lord Lexington or 'any of his friendB been her cliarioteer on the occasion, she might possibly] have speedily arranged an impromptu little scene ; but she knew that any- such de vice would be thrown away upon ~Bry£ah Duval, so she merely, said, ' Howa burst of passion suits you. ; . you look remark ably well when you are in a rage.' : ' Thanks, generous flfepariger,' said Bryan, conscious that the deer were his sole audience, and therefore permitting himself to lapse into -a grin, 'It is ages since I have:let-6^t/in.;that;#ay,-;ainlllt: will be ages beforp, J 3:6 1 jib again, , Thank Heaven we shall have none -of that *ort fo-fta&* ; ^Qs*»ri^ft ,#ie J»yitatipns. in'my hands, and I think I havfigot-jfcogether rather a good pariy.J- -'- ?? ? = ; ? - . As he spoke, they 3rew upjtp the; door of the Star 'ajid Garter, mitipwa as well as plebeians: had taken advant4ge of the brightness of the day,; ; ihere was. a goodly show of drags and private dar-' riages, from which the horses had been removed, and the hall yrad filled with persons who hadT either just arrived; or who were waiting for other members of their party. The groom was mbving slowly off with the spanking chesnuts, and Bryan 'Duvai, with &Iiss; Tfoiitressor* on his arm, ;was just ascending tie step*, when a gentleman, separating himself from a knot of persons with whom he had been in conversation!, advanced towards him— ra man about, .'the middle Jieight, and a little under middle 'age, with a thic]£, dark jaoustach*, and tfank, honest ;eyes', .. : ... . _ . T ;..: .. ,;j . ? ' ? : ; *??? -: .' What, Josteiv arrived already 1 cried. Bryan DuvaL 'fThfeis delightful. : Tpu? know Miss Montresspr^ I bfilieViB ?'; ?.. 'J^Iiss Montresspr's ' r^ptttation ; was* familiar to jne. before, J. L\e(t: mj owb! cCountry/J said. .Mr. rEoateEji raising hia1 hat; 'and ;£ have had the pleasure pt becoming pe*Sonaliy;a-?otuainted;iwij;h ie£ 'ainipe .my arrival; here.'.'. .?;..... i : ' Very preitily sai^, :. toster^'i .said. Bryan .Duval, as i^ay -shook 'hands. «.^e came down earlyj in order 'that w« might have a stroll in the park before dinner, and get an appetite for all your good things.' ',. ' That's just what I proposed myself,' said Mr. Foster. 'I was naming it to our friends 'when you drew up. Let's join them, and we will all go together.' They passed through the house into the garden, where some ten or a dozen people were gathered together on 'die lawn. There,' in a loose bnrtyn' overcoat, with heavy fur collar and cuffs, bell-crowne'd hat, fashionably cut trousers, and patent leather boots, was Pierrefonds, the cele brated dramatist, the .man .who - had : first ^npt; the JBuiftCi^U; ^^%RMtfN^r» nbaldry of ithe iweinnt^dajj ,butual kiam 'biaatioi of; polish-^ r^rse, of Attic wit, and; French illusion, which some years ago tad made the s fortunes of the Par thenon Theatre, and mainly helped to established the evil reputation of Madame Vaurien, its ; directress. Pierrefonds' bodily strength is not so great; as in those days; hiB back is a little bowed, andhiB walk is somewhat shaky ; but he is as quick brained in Ms work, and as clever at tongue fence, as when the public thronged the pit to roar at his puns, and the brightest spirits of the day gathered in the green-room to revel in his repartee. The'heavUy-built, heavy-brpwed man in the dark red beard, dressed in a suit of dark gray, ^th.iis.iiands, ini villainous, mauve-colored gloves, clasped behind his back, is Bob Spate, whose sparkling little comedies have in the -last few years made thefortune of the little Imperial Theatre, and who is, perhaps, at the present time the most popular dramatist inEngland. He is a «ad man, sparing of his speech,, and more sparing of his smile, giving one the idea either of being fond of solitude, or un-; accustomed te, and uncomfortable in, the style of company in which he found him self. People who did not know; his «tory, ? wondered at such a successfiil man — won- dered how one Ton whom- the world's favor shone so brightly could be so melancholy, almost so morose. They did not know that years ago, when thte Imperial Theatre was called ' Higgs?s Haflof Ainusemeiitj' ^Bbb Spate j then a young man, had written several of the comedies which had sinceso entranced the world, and had hawked them about here and -there to London and provincial managers, always receiving them' back upon his hands with a half civil, half con temptuous refusal. How was he, they argued, who was only a fifth-rate actor, at^t.a week, tobeable to write a comedy, or. even, .could he do «o, what benefiT could they reap by the- production of the, wprtof an ?unknpyh man? So 'Bob Spate^ struggled and struggled in pipv^rty^ iin^sicknees^ and '.qittimes -ip .'hunger j straggled on, and saw iis' wife die, and' his -children' /shrunken, and wan ; and ailing, 'with the bitter ~~ knowledge that what 'he had ..';' written' was better; than nine-tenths ' of what he ? saw so highly paid for, but with the conviction that fate was against him. : . When bright little -Lotty Bennett made her first attempt at establishing herself in Iife^ and taking the dirty old Higgs's Hall, cha,rige(i it ' into the bright Imperial, she thought that, as she herself was new in management, and she had a new company of actors, she might try a new author, and remembering Bob Spate, wfe- had been an old friend of. hers, andin Whose eriergyiand talent she. had always faith, produced one of his comedies on her opening night. The success was immense, .and'^Om'that;time Bob Spate's fortune ^as n)ide ; wealfli is his now/ and honor and such position as he chooses to take. What are they- to, Jum ? v Can they bring back to him^flie' wife of :'his^ youthj- whom he: daw die by his side, not from actual staivatiopi, indeed, but from lack pf ; such necessaries as heir delicate canditioh re quired;? ?. ^tGan Jskej;m9O9 from nis mind the.; privations sufferedlby his children and himself? :Cah they .bring back- to him the youthful energy,- the Sanguine' hopes, the bright happy view of his life so long since fled ? I trow not. It is no wonder to me ? that Sop Spate is grave and Reticent.'- -~ . , ? ' -: : . Anything but grave and reticent, Tiow* ever/is the gentfenian standing next to him; ',- :'fMr. ' Qrlando '^Bounce is the youngest ; *o£ - etderiy gentlemen, the brightest, cheeriest, emptiest . rattletrap trho for ' half -a ? ceiitttry ' has been acting lightiovers and dashing roues, and who, if rumor is to. be' believed, has, during, the same period, played the very same parts in private life. Old-fashioned is a isad epithet, but it is really applicable to Mr. HOrlando Bounce ; the peculiar roll of his blue-black hair, the peculiar side-cock of his shiny hat, his swinging .gait, the elaborate motions of Ids arms, :all these are essentially old-fashioned, and when he bends in his back and throws but his right arm and tright ,leg with studied grace, you are reminded of Charles Sur face, Captain -Absolute, and all the riotous dft&ggering; young heroes of the comedies :ot'iSpse!days/, Before 12ie arrival of Miss jfitp^treBSor ;; ie ^lias b0e)?i paying great at tention to : the two Jadies pet ween' whom lie was - stari^ing^ but -they .neitter of 4aem-?seeBftedrto- be-Hoauch -impressed by bis attention. 'Get , along, 'Lando, you-are;ffllH^ys talking such stuff,' is whatfMewtyemBayatbliim. These are Rose and_Bianche.Wogsby, daughters of old WogsbVjj. . manager ; pf the , northern cficciii^ a^d^jame. favorites ii' London. There, ia - an esfeaorainary difference in their appearance^ Blanche is very fair, Tvith'-l%ht'bkFe eyes- and- delicate skin, and a pretty bud of a mouth ; Rose is |;aU and angular and, swarthy, with dark hair, a strong jaw, and an underhanging .Up-TrBlancheiisTaiool, Rose a remarkably clever gkl.; ' .^'Blanche Wbgsby : is a fobl/* frankly remarks Mr. Wuff, the great theatrical impfesrsarj». **'Buit she is aiways 'sate ;'fo¥ - dpketf staclia a jaight frem Ah^ypjing'f^j^ws^wfip are spooney. afeput^Jver;; bjxt when it com.es to;the ques tion :of iithe .teaT«and--tatters ifakement, when ^011 want the r$al grit and;nomis ^alce aboHit ife-ypu nlns¥gp tplipse. She wiSl ijirn out a' regular;'! Rachef/ you may dependjuppn iti' Mrl .^gff prpnounced thia^ordlike theladywho refdsed to be Coinforted, but .taeant to- allude to the ;g)^t^rench;.actres8._-: :;, J;, / ' ' ; ! v '; ': . : 'AU present^both ladies andgentlem-gnjr rwCTejPr^eemedijp.be, greatly: delighted at the new arrival — Bryan Duval - jwas a generalJEayorjlte-srhe was,:sp. kind and ^ood-naturad,«o ready. to lend any of his colleagues a helping 'hand, that they even forgave 'him his success. Miss Mon treisor was popular, too, considering her prettiness, and. the position she had won lor herself , more especially popular just at this moment, for the news of her American engagement had got wind, .and it was lelt that she would be ont of all compefiiora' way for, some time to come. ? When the first greetings were -over Bryan Duval proposed than they should stroll .towards the park, and thither they all repaired: Mr. Foster offering his arm to Miss Montressor,. and remaining at some 'little distan6e behind the others. ? -**©bypuknpw,'' said he, 'that I am ^i^J^^feE^1^ J$? ^ ^*^j^%-^our ac' yjuai^tenoe^r-np, np, ' ,he added \ quickly, Aitwft ltkxs&&!np inliis iaoey.'andj enilei rather maUoioiwiy, *^^hen I«ay «o, it is not the ordinary, compliment which you evidently imagine it to be — when you know me better you will find I am not given to paying compliments, and that I . invariably mean what I say.' ' I am glad to hear it in this case, at aU' events,' said Miss Montreaaor, with a little bow. ' It is the case, he said. .'I felt in terested in you long before I saw you. The fact is, Miss Montressor, I am a very busy man, far more immersed in busi ness, environed by it, and tied down to it, than any of the gentlemen whom I have met here, and who are -called your * City men,' and when I am -at home in New York the one relaxation I allow my self is the theatre.' This man was a new experience to Miss Montressor, so far, more earnest and dignified .than the U3ual run of her asso ciates. She tried to fall into his vein, and said quietly — .-,. : ' I can understand its being a great re sortee to you.' li It is a great relief,' he replied, 'in enabling me to throw off, for a time, at. least,.. the dull cares ani, worries, and' to fill my mind with pictures and stories sufficiently absorbing to prevent its straying to Wall-street and its ties. I have the pleasure of acquaintance with Mr. LebnardSerbski— you have heard of him:?' :. J*. Certainly,' said Miss Montressor, ' he is the son of old James Serbski, who was. so great in the Bundit, and whose portrait hangs in all the theatrical print shops— is he not V ';The same,' feplied Mr. Foster, 'a very handsome and gentlemanly fellow, and:a very good actor. He has heard of you, too, not merelyijhrough the medium of the English theatrical newspapers, but Irom-people^wholiave-seen youj-and has more than once mentioned your name Jto me.' : „._.- ?: MissMontressorwas delighted with the compliment, under which she purred like acatP ? ???*' - ?:.'.??,'. ' I had no idea,' she said, raising her eyebrows, and throwing an expression, of childish credulity, which she; knew was very becoming, into her face, ' I had -no idea that anybody in America had ever heard ei poor little me ; I tiiought I was going -out there entirely unknown, and that I should have great difficulty in making my way*' v . . ' 'You- will find that you have happily deceived yourself,' said Mr. Foster, with a smile, 'f You will find that we Ameri cans have a much livelier and deeper in terest in all matters appertaining toiUiera ture and- art than our more sober cousins on this side the Atlantic, that all' artists of any- reputation are known to us, and that when they come -to rour. shores they may be certain-of a right hearty wel come.' ' I ^m very glad to hear, you. say so,' said Miss. Montressor, ' and X only wish r-r-it is a selfish thing to say,, is; it; not— that chance had sent you back to. New York before our arrival, that I might be certain of having at least one personal .Iriendr': I . ]?. _':_ ..'' ?. '.'J, ' i* It would, have delighted metto. have ?been of. service to you \ and, perhaps, I may oven yet have the opportunity. When do yousail 1' . ^ ,. .'I think Mr... JD.uval mentioned the Cuba as the, name of the vessel in which our passage was engaged.' ; . 'The Cuba,' repeated Mir. Foster. 'I am almost afraid that J shall be unable to get back by her, although' L have made such progress in the business which brougWrme over here — business you see, again, Miss Montressor— that I think it will not be hecessafy for ine to remain in England ao long as I at first anticipated.' *' If ' you were a married, man, 'Mr. Foster, that .would, I imagine, be very pleasant news to someone who is, what you call, * on the other side.' ' 'If 1; were a married man ?' he ex claimed, with a laugh. ' Why, do you mean to say, Miss Montressor, that you have any doubt on the subject?' ' Well, you certainly have what I may: call a family look about you,' she said, casting a careless glance over him ; but as i have never heard you ? mention your wife, I concluded you were a bachiBlor.' ' I takerit.as a compliment,' he said, with ? another laugh, but -this time more nervously and more seriously : than before } 'or, rather as a credit to my self, that even in the, two short inter views which we have had since I . made your: acquaintance, I have not said something about my wife. It is the humor of most of my friends in' New York to say. that — excepting business matters, of course, where I never permit any domestic thoughts to intrude— that Helen's name is scarcely ever out of my mouth.'. , , . ' , ' And quite right, too,'5 said. Miss Montressor. ill detest a man who is married and ashamed of it, and who, when away from home, goes about, as it were, sailing under false colors. And so Mrs. Foster is called 'Helen 1 It is a very pretty name,' ; . 7 'Jlnd she is a very; pretty woman,' said Foster, enthusiastically ; ?** ancl not merely that, but the best and dearest little woman in the %prld. Here,;', he added, plunging his hand into his waist coat pocket, and taking out from thence hiswatchy 'hereis her portrait.' As he spoke, he placed the watch in Miss Mon tresspr's, hand. , ' J ' V , ; j,.; Miss Montressor. took :the.watch? a^d Jooked-atits back, which was merely of engine turned gold ; then she pressed her, fingers all round, in search of some hid-.' den Bpring, but,i finding none, shook her ; head blankly, and gave it back to her companion. 'I can see no portrait,' she said, half pettishly. ' Of course not,' said he, with a laugh. 'You would not- have me carry such a treasure as that for every one to see whenever I wanted to know the time. There,' he added, as the spring flew back and revealed the miniature ; ' now you see my darling.' ? ' What a sweet face?' cried Miss Mon-; tressor, clapping her hands ; 'so soft and pensive and loving ! I don't wonder at your being fond of her,. Mr. Foster, or being anxious to get back to her !' 'She is all. that you say,' .cried -Mr. Foster, ' and more, God blesaiier.' .:- .''ft is .quite refreshing-, in these times of separation and divorce courts, and all that sort of thing,' «aid MiM*afontre8sor, ' to find such regular spooniness existing between a married couple. But if you are so fond of each qther, why on earth didn't you bring her with you ?' ' Didn't X tell you that I came over here . on business, and that I never al lowed even Helen jto interfere with me when 1 am so engaged? Besides, she could not leave the child, which is, in deed,' said Mr. Foster, 'the sweetest and most engaging——' ' Yes,' interrupted Miss Montressor ; ' you may spare your rhapsodies about him, or her, or it. I don't go in for babies.' 'I am sure you would feel interested in her if you only saw her ; not merely is she the prettiest, tiniest mite, but ahe would move your sympathy for her bad health.' ' It has bad health, has it ?' asked Miss Montressor, carelessly. : 'f Very bad,' replied Foster. 'My wife's strength is scarcely equal to the discharge of her maternal duties, and she has bad to engage a wet-nurse for the little one.' 'I hate wet-nurses,' said Miss Mon tressor, shortly. 'They are not generally very trust worthy,' said Foster ; 'but from a letter I have here (producing one from his breast-pocket, and opening it), we seem to have found an exceptional treasure. Helen writes -me in the strongest terms of the respectability of Mrs. Jenkins.' ' Mrs. Jenkins ?' replied Miss Mon tressor, pricking up her ears. 'Who is she?' . ' The web-nurse'of whom I have just spoxen to you. xou ougnt to nave a kindly feeling towards her, for Helen tells me that she is an Englishwoman, and married to an Englishman, for some time settled in New York.' An instantaneous gloom spread over Miss Montressor's face, and she walked on by her companion's side in silence.. Mrs. Jenkins?1 The name was common enough among English people, and yet a horrible feeling of fear crept over the young woman, who 'chose- to call herself Clara Montressor, 'a feeling pf fear lest ;this.. Mrs. Jenkins, , now occupying the situation of wetnufse in Mr. Foster's family, should be none other than her Own sister Bess. '??'??''*??'' She had not heard from Bess for months, but the last letter was dated from New York, and spoke of the shifty ^and-to-mouth existence which she and her husband were leading. Could it be possible that they could have fallen 'so low, that poverty could have come'upbn them so rapidly as to induce her to under take such a menial position ? Was her hus band dead ? Could he have deserted her ? or what was the -cause 'of her sudden collapsei i : . The more she thought over this matter the more angry and impatient she grew ; and Mr. Foster, noting her .preoccupa tion, thought it best not to attempt to renew the conversation just then. , Did anything ever happen so unfortu nately ? At any other time it would not have mattered in the least. Between Bess Jenkins, the wetnurse in New York, and London, there was a great gulf fixed ; but when the theatrical star shifted its orbit to 'the city'- where her humble relation was living, the latter would naturally, and undoubtedly proclaim to the world the family tie existing between them, and endeavor to make the most of it to aid her fallen fortunes. ? . ; ; What should she 3.6, what should she do ? Thp saturnine face of Mr. Dolby rose before her mind in a minute. How should she treat him in regard to this matter? 'Certainly not tell him, for more reasons than one. He would be the last man in the world from whom she would receive any sympathy, and besides she does not choose to let. him know the fact of the relationship. Towards him, then, she would preserve absolute silence; and a little further reflection , decided her that her best plan was to wait, become better acquainted with Mr. Foster, and if she found him the good and honest man which, from her slight acquaintance with him, she fancied him to be— for even with her; associates, and. her experience of the world, she still believed in goodness and honesty— perhaps tell -him the truth, and get his help in suppressing it.- Yes, that was the course she wpuld take, . and having determined on it, she put the sub ject aside, and' looked up at her com panion as though to, say she were . ready to renew the conversation. : ' ' How pensive you have been,' said Mr. Foster, earnestly. 'I, did not like to break in on your reverie.' ' I am very much obliged to you for leaving me to myself lor those few moments,' she said, with a laugh;' 'it doesn't sound complimentary, but it is true. You see I am about to take what may be a rather serious step in my life, for if I succeed in America my career is certain, and if t fail, it may be wrecked, not merely there ' but here — rill news travels apace, and it would soon be known that the London star had made a fiasco.' . ? ? ' : ...'-.- 'Even then, f onner experiences prove that your compatriots would retain their opinion of their, favorite, and decline to accept your verdict,'u said Mi. .Foster. ' However,, you. need not be under any apprehensions of the 'sort ,; as I fold you before, you are sure to sue- ceed. ' , . ' I, have great fait^ in Bryan. Duval,' . said Miss Montressor, ' and full reliance upon his generalship— he is popular, too, in New York, I understand.' , *(^ery; popular, indeed,' said Mr. Foster, 'he has achieyed what is rather , difticultr there— a society . reputation. This reputation Tie apparently .wants to extend, for he has asked me for an intro duction to my wife.' ' And you have given it to him?' ' Well, no,' *aid Mr. Foster, rather , confusedly. ' There are — there are some reasons, why* I could not do so conve niently — in writing, 1 mean. Of course I should be only too glad that both he and you should know Mrs;— ^-Mrs. Foster; but I prefer .waiting to introduce you per sonally on my arrival in Sew York. - In case I cannot— there is yet a chance — of my leaving by the same steamer. I see the others are making for the hotel, and I suppose, in my capacity of host, I ought to be the first there.' ? L Jt ^as a very goodxUnner,, and went off remarkably well. v. In addition to the company already 'named, there were pre sent Mr; Wuff,^ihe celebrated manager of the Great National Theatre, which was supposed to be devoted to the legitimate drama, and where the performances at present consisted in a short farce, followed by a long ' Oriental spectacular bur lesque,' introducing horses, elephants, camels, and dancing - women ; 'Vis count Eooloose, who was supposed to be ruining himself for Mademoiselle Petit pois, who brought with him his friend, Gaptain Clinker, the well-known gentle man rider, who said nothing, but when ever he was amused hissed loudly through his teeth, as though he were cleaning a horse, a Bound which seemed very un pleasant to the theatrical people present. There was another manager, too, Mr. Hodgkinson, of the 'Varieties,' who kept up a running fire of argument throughout the dinner with Bryan Duval ; the actor author — whether he believed it or not — maintaining 'that the drama should be the school of poetry and refinement, and that all the theatrical entertainments should be made with a view to that endj senti ments which Mr. Hodgkinson violently pooh- poohed, declaring that his chief aim was to give whatever amusement paid the best. ? 'Let him have it,' said Mr. Hodg kinson, who prided himself on being an eminently practical' man, striking his fist upon the table; 'dogs and monkeys, Shakespeare, the 'Perfect Cure,' Tom Mugger,' in four farces a night, ot old Bounce, here, as Charles Surface, and all the rest of the Sheridan fakement — and the public is always wanting one or other of them — and my notion is, give them all a turn. ' Mr. Foster had placed Miss Montressor on his right hand, and though there was, of course, no opportunity and no occasion for returning to the subjects which had been touched upon in the Park, he kept up a constant conversation with her. When the party was about breaking up, he proposed that she should return to town in his 'Victoria, where, as the night was somewhat cold, she would be warmer and more .comfortable than in Bryan Daval's phaeton. Miss Montresaor gladly accepted the offer, and, ; of course, Mr. Duval made no difficulty. He would, he thought, propose to drive Blanche Wogsby home, and take the opportunity of finding out whether she was really such a fool as she lookedj .or whether there woiild be any use; -in writing'a part for her. So the party broke up and the guests dispersed, and Bryan Duval, in taking farewell of Miss Montressor, told her that if the letters which he expected, in ithe morning arrived, he should be' a)5le -to let her know for certain the day ($£, sail ing for New York. VI 'It has been a delightful day, Mr. Foster,' said the actress, as they drove homewards; 'and I have enjoyed it- im- mensely. Will1 you be able to give us any such outings in America?'' ? ? . ' I hope many such,' said Me. Fosjter ; ' but unless you take more care of your self, I fear you will not be there to enjoy them. Seriously, your English spring rofiat.lifir is nrnvarhiallv treacherous, iand the wind to-night has a touch of east in it which should induce you to wrap your shawl more closelyr round you.'- ,/ 'I want to wrap myself . up/' said Miss Montressor^ justly estimating the truth of hiswordsj .' for I am. particularly suscep tible to cold, but I cannot for this bother ing pin.' :..-'* What is .the. matter with the pin? ' said Mr. Foster, laughing. ' It is not half strong enough to hold' the shawl together. I cannot imagine how ' Justine sent me out with such a stupid thing.' ' Perhaps this will prove more effec tual,' said Mr. Foster, taking the breast pin from his cravat and offering it to ner. 'Thanks, very much,' she cried, accepting it with great readiness. ' What a very pretty pin— I love these cameos, and this is such a good-looking boy, with a straight nose and a queer cap on his head!' \- ' A Phrygian cap,' said Mr. Foster, laughing. 'It is a head of Ganymede. I had it set as a pin, I thought it ? so hand some.' ; : ?_ ' Do you mean to say you brought it with you from Phrygia, or wherever it is ?' asked the actress, who was vague- in her geography. 'No, no,' said Mr. Foster, laughing still more, 'but it was a; sleeve-link when I first found it among my clothes, when I opened my portmanteau in Lon don. I suppose it belonged to my wife, as she is fond of such things, and ; was put up with my things by accident.' '? The shawl comfortably pinned, around her, Miss Montressor settled herself down to her corner, and neither she nor! her companion spoke much more, each being, occupied with, their own reflections. But when Mr/ Foster took leave of [her, he reminded her of Bryan Duval's: last ?words, and told her that if he were pre vented from sailing in the. CubaJ ;? he should certainly accompany the theatrical party down to; Liverpool and take leave of them on board. Miss Montresaor had been in ' great spirits all day, 'notwithstanding I the annoyance which, as we have seen] one' portion of Mr. Foster's communication had caused her. J She was agreeably con scious that her looks -had been at their best. She was sufficiently refined, more by nature than by education, to recognise a. gentleman when she met one, and. to. enjoy the ease and security conveyed by association with gentlemen. Mr. Foster had struck, her from the first as a gentle man ; not very brillant indeed, but kind, courteous, and considerate — -the sort of man who did not make women uncomfortable by either his look or Tiis language ; and Miss Montressor appreciated this. She did not belong in the least to the reckless class among her order, and she had an almost morbid longing to be {treated like a lady, as she expressed it, without the exaggerated flattery on the one hand, or the freedom and'eaainess on the other, which ordinarily characterised the manner of the men with, whom she habitually associated, and which were just equally distasteful to her. Mr. Foster had gratified this long ing1. He had treated her/with all the xourjbesy which be could, have extended - to the highest social position, and wjith a confidential frien^Unesa'thit Had ^ka io the heart of the woman .who. had always been poor in friends., : When the pleasant day came- to an end Miss Montressor entered her pretty little house with a light step and a light heart, notwithstanding a vexation about Bess. By this time she had come to think some means of getting over, that would turn up. The day had seemed shorthand yet almost every minute of it had been full of pleasure. She was a little tired — those long, pleasant days do tire one, after all ; but she was not so cross as usual, when, the feverishness of amusement having passed away, she returned to the home enlivened by no kindred presence. She answered her maid cheerfully, as the. girl tripped down to the garden gate- at the summons of the bell, and let her mis tress in. - . \- ' Yes, thank you, Justine, I am all right ; rather tired — but we have had a delightful day.' Justine removed the dainty bonnet, and the filmy lace mantle, folded the absurd parasol, which looked like a curly cabbage on a stalk, so flounced and fur belowed was the little silken. dummy, utterly useless as a sun-shade ; and while her mistress undid the buttons of her silver-grey silk gown, fetched a white muslin robe, in which she clothed her tall form. During these preliminary operations of her night toilette, Miss Montressor talked away gaily ; not about the day's . pro ceedings, but about numerous trifles con nected with her approaching journey, and her sojourn in America. But when her hair had been.brushed, and the maid's duties were nearly com pleted, a trifling circumstance occurred which disturbed Miss Montressor's sere nity. Her draped dressing-table stood in front of the large window of her bedroom— a French window, opening to the floor, and looking put upon the trim little grassy terrace which ran along the back of the house, and from whence the garden, very pretty and effective Jor its extent, was approached, by two steps. On this dres3ing-table stood her tolerably well storedj jewel-box. Miss .Mbntressor was replacing some ornaments she had worn that day in the satin- lined tray.of the casket, when Bhe pereeived that the window was open. She asked -Justine angrily, whether she' had been aware of this. ' No,' . Justine replied, she^had not noticed.it. 'Then you ought to hav_e noticed it,'* said Miss ^Mbntressof/ ' such^carelessness is abominable. Any one who pleased might have taken my jewel-box off the table without the least difficulty. : The idea of your leaving the window open on a Sunday, witli no one in the house, and such a lot of tramps about.' ' Justine stood, convicted, and could only promise that she wpuld be more careful for the future. She was rather saucy sometimes, 'and ready- with an answer to a rebuke, but on this occasion she said very little. J There had been no one about the place, and though she had been the only person in the house— the cook and the page having had a holiday— she had hardly left Miss Montressor's room ; had, in* deed, been reading at her open window the greater part of the day: But as Jus tine, when her' mistress was in bed, was folding up the shawl she had worn that day, she was in so preoccupied a mood that she did not observe the pin, with a ; carved gem for ifil head, which was stuck into the soft woollen fabric; but remem bered, with a great sense of relief, an escaped danger— how there had come to the house, late in the afternoon, a man in the dress, of a sailor, who spoke like an American. This man had been rather hard to get rid of. He had pertinaciously pressed his' claim for a little assistance, and had-been hard to persuade that the lady was not really at home. 'Just fancy,' thought Justine, 'if he had slunk round to the back of the house, and, seeing the window open, made off with the dressing-case. I only wonder he didn't get hold of that or something else, for he Was as objectionable a tramp as I -ever saw.' But that she had ever seen this objec tionable tramp before, or heard his voice in any other capacity,- Justice was totally unconscious. : Of which testimony to Hie efficacy of the change of coBtume the man in the' sailor's dress was com placently aware. Jf Justine's, quick eyes were deceived, it would deceive those of other people— a preliminary risk had been successfully run, and -the omen was good ! ? (Tol&continued.;) -^ ~ ? . ? . 