Incidents and Adventures of My Run Home, [".BY AN AUSTRALIAN.] (CONTINUED.! We had come down to the seashore by a deep ravine, made by a cleft in tho limestone formation predominant in the district. Winding and clothed with a thick shrubby uuder-growth, the view was obstructed until suddenly we came upon the ocean, glorious, far-stretching, and solemnly grand in its loneliness and desolation, Tremulous and silver hued in the beams of the wintry sun lay the limitless plain of the rarely slumberous Atlantic. To the eastward a purple ridge of mountains cast a warm {shadow over the Boft-hued deep. The peaked island that we were to visit rose like an azure cloud out of the bosom of the main. Won drous was the calm beauty of the scene in the rare colouring and tranquillity of the day. As we glided from the beach, with the faintest air that rendered oars unnecessary, the almost unearthly beauty of tho surroundings extorted admiring comments from the whole party. "You must have had this day packed up and sent overland, Rolf," said O'Grady, indolently dip ping his hand in the water as wo lay dreamily in tho stern. " It never belonged to Connemara by right, eh father ?" " It is indeed a very lovely day," said the Priest. " It seems to me as if the seasons were changing, or else that I am getting old; for there are not half the fine days there used to bo when I was a boy. Many a day have I sailed and fished in these very waters. I remember well the first hare I killed ; it was round that point we have just passed. I was about twelve years old, and I had borrowed an old rusty duck-gun that had seen service many a year ago, and been hid in a bog for half a year at a time. I saw a fine jack-hare sitting up and * washing his face,' as the gossoons say, with his paws; so I crawled up, and resting the ould piece of cannon on a sand hillock, knocked him over and myself at the ono tinre. Sure, I thought my collar-bone was br«ke intirely." " Thosew ere jollydays,"said Maurice ; " we were all young then, that's the rason the days are shorter and £not so bright, summer or winter. Many a wake and fair I went to, and was never so happy as when I could steal away among the country people, joining in their dances and sports, and drinking whisky out of an egg-shell, when glasses were scarce." " Was thatthe time that Molly Oge-sure, she was tlio fine colleen, intirely- carried your honour over the Lurra ford, after the wake at Paudheon Rafferty's ?" said Patsey, with an air of great simplicity. " The same," said Maurice, slightly confused ; " the fact was, that this Paudhoen, or little Pat Rafferty, was a rich ould miser, and his friends, coining into a good sum of money, had the greatest wake over him that ever was seen. I and Ned I Athy's brother, Fergus, and a few moro wild slips of lads got away to it, and between dancing with the country girls, and the whisky, and the general excitement, I was not altogether so clenr in the head as I might have been ; not quito up to taking delivery bf a large station, eh Rolf P Well, a lot of tho country people went off with us part of the way homeland all went well till we came to a brook, a little swollen with a mountain fresh. I was looking at it doubtfully, as the girls took off their shoes and stockings, and marched boldly in-when this Mary Connor, or Molly Oge, a fine, handsome, strapping lass, stooped down and took me up, pick-a- back, a& if I were a child. I was light enough then. Well, we went along famously, the water a trifle over knee deep, when, just in the middle, it occurred to me to bestow half-a-dozen kisses on her plump cheek ; my arms, already round her neck, being conveniently placed for the operation." "How did she approve of that species of pay ment ?" " I can't be sure whether she liked it or not,': said O'Grady, cautiously, " but tho next moment I , found myseif on the broad of my back in the Lurra, with the prospect of a wettish walk home, and an inconveniently good story against me in the coun try for months after. Both expectations developed into certainties-indeed, I was laughed at so much that I really believe it led me to think of Australia." " Oh ! fortunato and most benign Mary Oge," said I, "but you're such a consistently lucky fellow Maurice, that if you had gone to South America like Jack Hamilton, or stayed at home, or enlisted in the Guards, you would have become a capitalist all the same. Some people can't help,it." " See now," interposed the Priest, " we're getting nearer to the island. We have the net with us We shall be in good time for a haul, and what s broil we shall have." We reached tho island, which rejoiced in a round tower, time-worn, venerable, and of vast ago ; its very uso and purpose a puzzle to antiquaries anti to patriotic historians. A cavern, too, deep and spacious compared to the size of the island, had formerly been the tempo rary abode of distressed royalty, and later, a con veiiient depot for smuggled spirits, We set tlu boatmen to haul the net while we explored tin recesses of the cave, and sharpened tho appetiti which tho fresh breath of the ocean had com menced to arouse. "Sure, I remember the time," said tho Priest "that no one would have gone rashly into tin Uaimh na ri (tho king's chamber) that we are nov entering. Besides a stray ghost, supposed to bi handy, there was tho chance of meeting a band o: smugglers, keeping hid for the next moonies night, and a bold run." Very pleasantly passed the day. Towards even ing wo sailed calmly homewards with a taint breeze, just sufficient to AU the immense sheet of the broad-beamed weatherly little craft which could have told many a tale of heavy seas and winter gales, in which larger boats had been glad to lie to. But forus, the calm waters bore no hint of the wrath of ocean-of wailing fisher-wives, or of sons and fathers who had left all blithely the cot by the lonely beach, to which they returned no more, or were borne as corpses with the seaweed mingled with their tangled hair. As the sun faded out in the short light of the winter day tho glories of earth, sea, and sky were painted in rich and ever-changing colours upon tho fleeting cloud battalions which rose as if marshalled and ranked by unheard trumpet calls in the clear pale light of eve. Tho mountains robed in regal purple, flamed for a space in the golden fire of the dying suuset.jthe lonely cliffs which lined tho shore to the eastward, grew sombre and darksome of hue, long before the soft gloom of twilight quenched the sunset tabard-" white and golden, crimson blue." The shimmering ocean-plain lay calm and softly tremulous, as the stars stealing out one by one wrote themselves in faint fire upon its bosom, while the hush of nature was deeply, almost terribly, profound, as on the great fiords in the far north land, where winter reigns with iron crown, and long deserted ships drift weirdly with flapping sail and helmless course down lonely channels into a nameless sea. " How wondrously beautiful," said I, at length as wo with one accord broke tho long silence. " There is the charm of the unearthly about this closing scene of our dreamy holiday. There ie not a sound or sign of human habitation within ken; one might almost expect to seo old Othere'a Arctic phenomenon, it is so freezingly cold. And through the darkening haze We saw the sullen blaze Of tho red midnight sun. " I wonder what they did for dinner," said the realistic Maurice "Isn't that the end of the Priory wharf, Patsey ?" " Sure your honour is right," said Captain Patsey, " 'tie many a wild night I seen about here. We'll be hauling her into the boat-house in twenty minutes." " Thank the gods," I assented, " dinner won't be a very remote fact when that ceremony is con cluded. The acme of enjoyment is to be able to tire one's self reasonably, and then to reach home with a well-grounded conviction that the dinner and thejappetites are equally sincere. But, badi nage apart," I continued, " how oddly it often happens that out of the midst of a day of enjoy ment like this a sudden presentiment of evil shapes itself, like a black ' eidolon.' Such a one is at my heart now." " Take a drop of whisky," said Maurice ; " my flask isn't quite empty. Most of these things are material, eh Father?" " And you think curable by the materials," an swered he laughing. " Who knows ? Well, here we are. I feel, too, as if I had been out of the world for a holiday, and was going back to i school." I " By the powers," said Maurice, surveying us with comical sternness, " for a couple of men that have seen something of the world ye possess a degree of sentimont that makes a hardened sinner like myself feel ashamed of himself. However, as we are going over to Mount Blake to-morrow, I'll trust to claret and faimil society to effect a cure of my friend, Kolf, liere." "Which I dare"say will be found effectual," I answered, making an effort to throw off my sudden gloom. " I expect my letters are awaiting me over there, and we shall have a lot of nows from Bush land." The next morning found us spinning along in O'Grady's buggy, having said good- bye to Father O'Hara, and left Maurice's " improvements" to de velop themselves under the energetic superintend ence of Johnny Branagan, who assured me that about another year would see him outward bound, and ready for another bout of cattle droving, wire fencing, dry seasons, opthalmia, well- digging, money making, and all tho varied pains and plea sures of Riverina. " There's some chance of going a-head out there, Mr. Boldrowood," said the honest fellow, as he gripped my hand at parting till every finger tingled again. " In this old-fashioned country there's nothing to be done but spend money in handfuls, and very little to show for it. The governor has a pretty good bank account, or he couldn't stand it long. And then, my word, suppose one of theso fellers was to Jtake a pot shot at him. Only for the Priest I'm not too sure they wouldn't. Isn't it a rum start. Fancy any one sending a letter to old Bunter, or Thomson Brothers to say their last hour was come ! Ha, ha ! Wouldn't it be a lark ?" "You forget the bushrangers," said I, "they occasionally did something in that line, even in our favourodland." "Well, so I suppose they did," admitted he, scratching his head reflectively ; " but what was half-a-dozen men in about five hundred miles square. I never used to give 'om a thought. Bc sidos, they fought pretty fair. But there's many a thousand of theso chaps, and you're bound to be in their sight night and day. However, we're all right, thanks to Father O'Hara, and that's moätly what we've got to look to. Good-byo «gain, sir, and good luck all the way home." Our arrival at Mount Blake was the signal for an amount of grateful greeting which would have warranted tho supposition that we had been the survivors 'of a wreck. Mr. Blako's joy was not to be concealed or refined away. His reception was touching. With noble frankness ho vowed they were all pining for my return, and that he, Dillon Blake, was going to have tempted the perils of Connemara, and stormed Maurice's castle, if I had stayed away another week. " Sure, we were all lost without ye, Boldrowood, me boy, and Maurice here- we've got used to see the pair of ye about the old place. There's no denying the truth, it was mighty lonely without ye both ; and as for the girls-Harriet hadn't spirit enough left to contradict a milliner, and Isidora said-" " I hope you'll allow mo to loll Mr. Boldrewood what I said in my own way, papa," interrupted that calm maiden, with a soupcon of haste rather unusual for her, "and not put any nonsense into my mouth that may come into your head." "Tell.lum in your own way, darling," said the niodol parent, in tones o£ subdued tenderness winch would have raised his salary on the stage with the least discriminating manager. " I've no doubt he'd rather have it from yourself." " Then.ïor fear Mr. Boldrewood and Mr. O'Grady should imagine that it was any thing very dread ful or appreciative, I had better confess, once for all," said she, with an arch look, which gave her statuesque features that touch of expression and sparkle alone wanting for irresistible fascination, " that I owned to Harriet that we were wretchedly dull and low, and that if tho frost would go, and Mr. Boldrewood and Mr. O'Grady come back, that Mount Blake would be a much more agreeable place." I looked a million of thanks, but O'Grady, un- . luckily, was not fully satisfied with his proud position as the " bien-venu," and, desirous of con- . Urination, inquired-" And what did Miss Harriet say P" " That she didn't care if she never set eyes on Mr. O'Grady again," broke in that young lady, im petuously, "and that she didn't know whether Mount Blake was more detestably dull in his absence, or disagreoeble in his presence." Maurice's total collapse was ludicrous to witness. I essayed to make peace, but Isidora, with more tact, reassured him. . " Don't believe her, Mr. O'Grady," said she ; " I won't tell tales out of school, but I've a good mind to tell you something she did say. There's tho dinner-bell ; perhaps she'll be moro amiable when she's had something to eat. As for me, I'm quito famished, and feel cross enough to say anything." The countenance of our worthy host would have brightened the tone of an older and less malleable party. His smiles, his jokes, hiß paternal advice, his chivalrous devotion to Mrs. Blake, his deep tenderness of every look and word to his daugh ters, the general atmosphere of welcome, the slightly" luxurious standard of the cuisine, rather noticeable after Maurice's bachelor housekeeping, all tended to the thawing of coldness, and the interchange of deeper than ordinary confidences. The influence was contagious. Even the combative Harriet relaxed considerably, and from the unre mitting flow of Maurice's persuasive eloquence I judged that an armistice had boen agreed upon, which, unless the garrison was moro ihan ordinarily " rusee," might not impossibly finish like other truces and temporisings, with a capitulation. For myself, I was not subjected to so severe an ordeal. Our converse had been amicable, sympa- . thetic, and, as I fancied, moro than ordinarily cor dial. There was a kind frankness of tone, combined with an occasional touch of emotion which I had imagined, but had never been so happy as to seo realised, in the somewhat too unruffled serenity of the stately Isidora. This slight but marked change was as enthralling as unexpected. I thought tho decanters were urged that evening with an un slackened speed not usual with our host, who liked the leisurely after-dinner talk, and to linger over his wine lovingly. But he proposed an adjourn ment to tho drawing-room, almost anticipating our motion. " Sure, ye musn't stay gossiping with an ould twaddle like me, after being away ages and ages. I can hold my own with the womenkind, but I'm doubtful of my position as a husband and father, if we sat too long this blessed night. In with ye boys; I'm going to see Andy Doolan for five minutes ; I believe yo know your way." Wo wore quite up to tho geography of tiie Mount Blake establishment, rather rambling and irregular as it was, Curiously, soon after our arrival in tho drawing-room, Mrs. Blake must have had an ap pointment with her housekeeper, equally important and nearly as protracted as that of Mr. Blake, with his half steward, half factotum, Andy Doolan. When that respected lady returned to tho drawing room, I had had a reasonable opportunity ¿of which I fully availed myself, to pour out my soul's long imprisoned needs and raptures in the ear of the glorious dream-brido of my spirit, and whilo watching tho shifting colour pale and bloom upon the marble brow, had read my reward in one softened look from her wondrous oyes-felt tho firm, swoet clasp of her snowy hand, and had received a clear and distinct permission to confer ¿upon the momentous question with her father, upon tho happy morrow that was to dawn upon me. Ile returned just in time to witness the depart ure of the lady part of tho household, and with a voice thick with emotion to propose au immediate adjournment to tho smoking-room. Little passed in that snug sanctum beyond our usual careless talk, though it was plainly evident that we stood on a more confidential footing than ordinary. But, as we prepared to soparate for the night, 1 told Mr. Blake that I hoped for a few min utes conversation with him in the morning, upon a matter of importance to me. He wrung my hand with emotion, and a look at once penetrating and yet of joyous anticipation carno into his face as he said .' In the library, after breakfast, my boy, I shall be quite at your service." (TO BK CONTINUED.) Tho Newcastle Pilot states that tenders are called for forming a lino of railway round Nobby's, and other works in connection with tho Soutkorn Breakwater. This work is preparatory to the exten sion o' the Southern Breakwater in tho direct of Big Bon, for which a sum of ;QO,O0D has boon voted by Parliament. Tho railway lino will bo laid from tho northern sido of Nobby's, and from this point to Big Bon. '.Thcro is rocky bottom, which will constituto tho foundation of tho breakwater extension. .A correspondent says : Colonial weekly journal ism has received an addition, hy tho issue of tho Methodist Journal, published nfc Adolaide. Ono of tho editors is tho Kov. .Tames Bickford, long and favour ably known in this city. Tho first number, lying heforo ÜB, impresses us very favourably respecting tho I probable futuro career of this nowspapor. Amongst its leading principles aro stated to bo " religious equality, national education, and social, political, and commercial progress." Tho ordinary nows and topics of tho day aro to recoivo atttontion and space. Tho curront number contains a varioty of very interesting papers on local matters, mutter* ol' general interest, and temperance and religious subjects. Two columns arodovotod to a rcviow of " The Narrinyeri," a work latoly issued by tho Uev. G. Taplin, missionary to tho aliorigii.es. Tho history of tho mission at Point Mucloay is beautifully told in Mr.Trfplin's book, which tho Methodist Journal favorably notices, 