GHOSTLY MUSIC. SOMETHING THAN SPIIIITIS2L The Jjendigj Advertiser is responsible for the following : — The following story was related to us yesterday as having actually occurred in the district during tbe week. Our infor mant says that he can rely on ftp person from wham he received fee information, bnt onr readers can believe the story, or otherwise, as they choose we simply give it as related. A gentleman well known in Sandhurst as a dealer in fur niture, whom we will call Lamb, at whose establishment many an article ban been "popped" by needy persons, re cently sold a piano feat he had recrived as a pledge, to an equally well-known speculator, whom we will call Smith. It so happened that within a week aftor fee ; piano had been Ainprtsprl 0f Lamb de parted this life rather suddenly, and was duly buried. Smith had hod fee piano removed to his parlour, and, as a mn-H-jr of course, by this time had ample op portunities of judging of fee onpabiliripc of fee instrument. One night recently he had retired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at about two o'clock in fee morning, he was suddenly awakened by loud and continued plaving on his piano, which he had previonsly locked securely. Not relishing fee idea of his servant faring np at that, fannr, he indignantly rushed downstairs for tfap purpose of reprimanding fee supposed individual, when to bis great terror and : amawmpnt he observed, as he says, fee ghost of his departed "uncle"' walk directly and firmly from fep piano right through the Aon —Rginghombly frightened, he lost no tuseoralaang- tbe bfenk2Ttaffis betteSlf was not awakened by fee first performance on fee piano, which consisted of a sefectionfrom Handel's Messiah, bnt Smith had not long been in bed before fee strains were neMtikGte!jbfinTa and stirring notes. Smith heard all feis, and endeavoured to arouse her husband, fcni such -.seemed -to be uu he possibility, aad she herself resolved to go downstairs musics! entertainmeul.' On reaching fee worn her .bewilderment was. greater than tb a; of Smith, fee having olieerved fee same identical mau, and -under precisely ilk-Msae clrcdmsKuiKi. In a. frantic stats- of excitement, she rushed, upstairs, and succeeded in. aroushig- Smith,, and. informed, him .pf what she bad ;aeen;'' Smith saysferihe remembered qmfemg; after this beypna fee foci- tlmt! foa xrifo; toil. wed by ":imiang-in,?i he fesS 5 but whether fee mae perfonnance ban been repeated at fee house of fee indi vidual to whom he sdld "it or -not, he is not in a position to say. 