COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE. ARDTORNISH. May 6. The half-yearly entertainment of the Institute took place at the schoolroom on Friday, 1st; Mr. Kerr, President, in the chair. The proceedings began with an overture on the piano by Mrs. F. Lane, several songs and duets were ably sung by Mr. Watkins and Mrs. Watson. Readings were given by Mr. W. Haies. Mr. H. Haines rendered songs, which were well received Comical sketches and pieces were contributed by Messrs. Forster, Flanagan, and Daniel. A Christy scene in character, presented by Mr. F. Lane, caused roars of laughter. The Chairman intimated that it is contemplated to build an Institute and to apply to Mr. Leine, who is in Scotland, and wbo is proprietor of the Ardtornish estate, to grant a piece of ground for that purpose at the crossing from Houghton to Port Adelaide, near the school. This place is considered the most eligible as a central situation from Paradise Bridge, Hope Valey, Modbury, and the district surrounding the Stockade. Mr. Kerr warmly acknowledged the aid and encou ragement afforded by the South Australian Institute, as well selected books were lent for circulation, and help was given in other forms. CLARE. Mayfl. 'With reference to contradictions of the state ment that drnnkennesa has been rife in the itrtets ol this town, it may be mentioned that last evening a man was near the residence of the local editor in a state of delirium tremtns, making the night hideous with his cries and yells, as he called on people to come out; and this morning at 9 o'clock another wight was in the same state, running up and down tha main street with only his shirt on. The latter ca&e; being glaring, the offender was arrested. The former instances were written about because they occurred before my office, so that I was certain as to the facts. The district has been favoured with welcome rains, over an inch having fallen last night There seems to be every prospect of it con tinuing. The railway deputation seem moderately satisfied with the reception they met with yes terday, and great hopes are entertained of getting a line e&nttructei; from Saddleworth. YANKALILLA, May 6. This locality was vitittd with a welcome rain last night. 0n Sunday sermons in connection with the Cornhill Wesleyan Sunday-school were preached by the Rev. W. S. Worth. Next day there were largely-attended tea and public meetings. Mr. J. Mayfield presided at the latter, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. W. S. Worth, Mes«rs. R. Kelly, J. A. Leak, and J. Dufty. The children sung creditably. The proceeds of the Eervices were more than £7. BALAKLAVA, May 6. Heavy rain has fallen ail night, and not before it was wanted. CALLINGTON, May 6. Rain, which has been badly wanted, has at last come in uopious showers. Had the weather contisued dry much longer the consequences to this district must have been serious. Drinking water some farmers have been fetching from the Murray, and in the town it has been very scarce. The Telegraph line is not yet in operation. People wonder at the delay, as the wire was seme time ago brought into the township. The midday coach belonging to Hill & Co. continues running, but with the advent of winter rains it is expected that there will be fewer travellers. Wood is at a premium — Ss. per ton being the j rice offered by the mine authorities. '''mANNUM, May 5. Rain, which has beon long desired bjr the farmers, has at length come, and promises to be of considerable duration. It set in from the north west at 7 o'clock to- night, falling steadily, but copiously. It is anticipated that the newly opened land on the Murray Flats, near Mannum, ?will prove beyond doubt that mallee country can produce wheat in abundance if the season proves good. Last year one section had nearly 20 Imshels to the acre of prime grain. The settlers complain much that there 13 no mill nearer than Mount Pleasant, 21 miles, but it is believed that one wilJ soon be erected in this town. LAURA May 4. At last a trooper has been stationed here, he having arrived on Saturday night. A Surveyor from the Crown Lands Depart ment has been looking at the Rocky River Crossing on the Port Pirie-road, and the settlers are therefore in hopes that the necessary repairs will be carried out at once. A boy named Burgess last week, with other lads, was out shooting, when one youth in hand ling the gun accidentally let it off, and Burgos?, who was standing near with his hands crossed over his chest, received the charge in his stomach and hands. He was attended by Mr. O'Leary, and the wound is not likely to prove dangerous. Sickness is prevalent owing to undesirable weather. Rain has been much wanted, and to-day mu nificent showers have fallen, with a prospect of more. The rahi came in sheets. The farmers are busy seeding, consequently the town is dull. CLARE, May 4. Although the district around this town has been detcribed as having excellent land for garden purposes, still the majority of the vegetables sold in the greengrocer's shops here are forwarded by train from Adelaide. Tha average price for hound eabbagea Ls 6'd. each. The first service here of the Bible Christian denomination was held in the Town Hall on Suc&iy; evening. The Rev. C. F. Tresiso, of WatervaJe, officiating. A prospectus for a monthly p*per, to be published at Farrell's Flat, has been Issued. It is to be called the Hanson Mercury, and a writer known as 'Dionysius Dash1' is supped to be the promoter and editor. MEADOWS, May 6. The Primitive Methodist annual missionary meeting w;is held on Monday, Mr. C. Thome, sen., presiding. The Chairman, the Revs. T. Jarrett, of Mount Barker, and J. H. Williams, of Strathalbyn, spoke. Proceeds of cards and collections, £1 1'As S£d. The case of George v. Fuller is creating consi derable interest, as Mr. George was much liked while on the line. TLe long-wished-for rain commenced last evening and is steady now. The mail contractor, Mr. Spinkston, run3 a coach to Finniss Flat every night now, returning early next morning, and Mr. Cook's omnibus continues coming to the Meadows, so between the two lines travellers have little to complain of unless they are of a nervous disposition, as the fares are about one penny per mile with civility cd tibUuni. CRYSTAL BROOK, May 4. Rain has been much looked for, and it was feared that if it did not soon eome much grain that had already been sown would have to be planted ever again. Showers have, however, fallen, and caused great joy. There has been lately ploughing going on, and harrowing has been very dusty work. The mail arrangements have again been altered so as to enable the residents of Port Pirie to get their letters at 6 in. instead of 11 as hitherto. According to the new time-bill the mail leaves Georgetown on Tuesdays and Fridays at 9.30 p.m., reaches Narridy at 10.40 p.m., Crystal Brook at 12.20 a.m., and Port Pirie at 6 a.m. Thus the Postmaster at Crystal Brook is tha worst off on the line, he having, like a certain ex-Treasurer, to burn the midnight ofl, and a mail to receive and dispatch before he is done. like the ghost of Hamlet's father, he ' scents the morning air.' But the settlers are too glad at getting two mails a week to allow our official to grumble. ' KAPUNDA, May 5. This town has been remarkably quiet fora considerable time, probably owing largely to the great amount of money rank in Northern Terri tory stock, and the continual drain upon the purses of holders of shares for the payment of calk, as well as to other causes. Ladies have been working assiduously for 18 or more months in preparing for a grand bazaar, the proceeds to be devoted to paying off the liabilities incurred by the building of the Insti tute New Lecture Hall. The rooom was opened to-day for the fancy sale, the ladies thinking that market day would be the most favourable one that they could select for the first exhibition of their long toiL It is feared, however, that the takings will be far short of what they antici pated, as the day has not been propitious for stirring people up to buy. There is now falling a steady rain that will be sufficient to keep people at home, and allow the bazaar stall attendants to amuse themselves in the best way that they can. It is hoped that trade will yet be more profitable. Mr. E. Ward and his Guardian are being lost to the town, Messrs. Scandrett k Elliott, of the Herald, having bought him out He intends publishing a larger paper in the city; this place fc- too small for two papers. ? ? ATJBURN, May 2. No rain has fallen in this district for a month; seeding consequently has been retarded, and a late season is looked for. On Thursday a meeting of the congregation of St. John's Episcopal Church was held, to con sider the advisability of building a parsonage. A Committee was appointed to obtain plans and estimate, and to submit a scheme for raking the required funds to a future meeting. A kind friend, whose name has not been disclosed, has handsomely offered to lend sufficient money for the purpose upon the promisory-notes of say ten members of the Church, at a low rate of inte rest. On Friday a concert was held in the Town Hall, to aid the Institute. The large Hall was filled, over 250 people being present. The Rev. T. Piper (the President) waa in the chair, and an excellent programme was well rendered. Those pieces which especially deserved notice and obtained encores were two songs by Mrs. Rossi, the song by Mr. Dyer, 'Dancing Mad' and ' Johnny Schmoker' by seven gentlemen, and an overture by Mrs. H. F. Price, whose playing was much admired. The receipts were over £14. The Committee aro now in a position to eif-end £20 in new books. A lopg- talked-of cricket contest between 22 married and 11 single men came off to- day. The weather being fine several ladies were present, and much amusement was caused. In the first innings the married scored 30 runs and the single 32. The game is to be continued. Good Templars are flourishing, and more than 60 attended their latest meeting. Steps are being taken to complete the repairs of the ford over the Wakefield. The work has been in progress a considerable time. The town has been visited by a travelling rifle gallery, at which a shocking amount of popping goes on. The Rev. T. Edmeades has succeeded the Rev. Mr. Ha--lam as Weeleyan Circuit Minister. o CLARENDON, May 6. On Sunday anniversary sermons were preached in the Bible Christian Chapel by the pastor, the Rev. J. Stoyel, and Mr. T. Best, of the South road. On Monday after tea Mr. E. Burgess presided, and Mr. Culver, of the Sturt, with several other friends spoke. A drunken p«rson cbu?ed annoyance at first. As Mr. Stoyel was coming here to preach his horse fell when near Clarendon, and hurt itself much. In the afternoon he having to preach at Happy Valley, as Mr. Shipway was driving him in a spring-cart to his appointment there the back strap broke, letting the shafta down. The horse kicked violently, and the cart tipped up, but the minister jumped out unhurt. Mr. Shipway with presence of mind kept & tight hold of the reins, and prevented a runaway, so little damage was done to the vehicle, and except a cut oh the horse's hind-quarters no injury waa caused. The weather has been favourable for the vintage, which is now over. Last night and to-day what farmers have been longing for has come— a soaking shower. A great quantity of rain has fallen during the last 24 hours. May 7. It has been wet during the night, and is still raiting. EDITHBURGH, May 5. The weather continues dry, and heavy rain would do much good. The farmers who have planted express fears that they will have to sow afresh if showers do not set in shortly. The ploughing has prevented the carting of grain to the market, but now wheat is coming again and is being shipped to Port Adelaide. On Saturday the new landlord of the Trou bridge Hotel arrived, and at night bonfires were lit OB people rejoiced in the thought that they had the right man in the right place. Mr. Beaumont built the Melville Hotel at Yorke town, but since disposed of that property. At last the services of a good medical man have been secured, and he, it is expected, will arrive soon. Thus a great inconvenience will end, and a doctor's assistance may be pro cured in cases of need. It is stated on good authority that police quarters are to be erected in this town. The resident trooper now has to stay at an hotel, and prisoners have to be locked in a stable. The largely increasing population would almost justify the authorities in stationing two troopers here, so that in case one had to visit the various inland places, the other should be at the station when wanted. At the late robbery in. the General Post-Offioe, the branch of the National Bank here lost a remittance letter, which had been posted here a day previous to the night of the theft. The ketch Sailor Prince, which has for years traded between Salt Creek and Port Adelaide only, is now calling regularly at this port. The steam launch Fairy last week came, and in con sequence of the overhaul of the Kangaroo steamer the Lubra was here on Tuesday, and the Royal Shepherd on Thursday and Sunday. These vessels, with sundry other boat3 aud ketches, made the place busy. The schooner Eclair is nearly repaired, and her owner states that he will have the vessel uuder way again within three weeks. The Yorketown correspondent complains that little public money is expended in the southern portion of the Peninsula, and residents here echo the cry, but they trust that funds will be voted for the most necessary works. PORT ELLIOT, May 7. Twelve hours' steady rain has not only re plenished the almost empty tanks in the neigh bourhood, but gladdened the hearts of the farmers, who will now be able to carry on their ploughing and sowing. They have not hitherto been able to do much of this work, owing to the hardness of the land. STOCKPORT, May 6. The long-looked-for rain has come at last, and has put the farmers in much higher spirits. On April 2?, the Rev. R. L. Coward, of Truro, lectured on ' Temperance' to a good audience, Mr. C. W. Smith in the chair. The address was interspersed with singing, Miss S. A. Lewis pre siding at the harmonium. The proceedings gave great satisfaction. Next evening Mr. Coward lectured at Lin wood, Mr. R. Rankine, J.P., pre iding. About 20 persons signed the pledge. The Wesleyan Sunday - school anniversary EermocB were preached by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith on April 26. Next day tea and public meetings were held. VICTOR HARBOUR, May 7. On account of continued dry weather the farmers were not able to get well on with their ploughing, but on Tuesday night and next day continual rain soaked the ground, so that field operations will be carried on without further delay. On Friday night the Rev. J. Gibson, from Angaston, lectured in connection with the Institute on 'Disraeli, the Premier of England.' On Sunday Mr. Gibson preached the anniversary sermons of the Newland Memorial Church. In the afternoon he delivered an address upon the Pilgrims' Progress. On Monday, after tea, he delivered a lecture, subject ' Bernard Gflpin, or the Moss Trooper.' MOUNT GAMBD5R, May 1. Good fanning, sheep, potatoes, and hops are, it is verily believed, going to raise this district to a splendid position. We are an orderly set of people. It is pleasant to receive a Judge and suite ; but at this Circuit there was only one victim, and he, like the coon to Colonel Crcckett, said, 'Don't fire, 111 comedown,' and pleaded guilty; bo Sir Richard Hanson's duties were over in about half an hour. A local luminary, the Mount Qamtricr Standard, having completed the eighth year of its existence, has suddenly not exactly ceased to exist, but become merged into the Border Watch. This morning we were favoured with an editorial farewell in the final ifsue. Credit is taken, which no one will be inclined to deny, for many services rendered to the town and district, and the public are informed that the extinction proceeds from a voluntary surrender of life, for the writer says :— ' No cruel fate has denied us prosperity and success. We have enjoyed both, and herewith present our grateful acknowledg ments to patrons far and near. But there are other fields of labour, and a call to one of these is accepted.' The way this is put suggests a ' religious call.' But in the present instance it must be regarded as semi-religious, for our Editor, in his new sphere of action as publisher of the MtthodUl Journal, will stand midway between the devils of printers below him and the ministers of grace above him, as I see by the prospectus that your new Adelaide contemporary is to be uader the editorial control of a Council appointed by the Wesleyan Conference. The Watch has purchased the copywright and good will of the late rival proprietor, who regards his removal to Adelaide, judging by bia uncon cealed statements, in the light of a step onwards towards enduring fame. He certainly presents an excellent example of what an earnest man may do for himself. I betray no confidence In stating that the prospective publisher of the projected religious weekly is ft man entirely self-taught, who has risen from being a printers apprentice in Portland to tha position of pro prietor, leader-writer, and editor, which post he now relinquishes, having since his youth up wards not only thriven himself, but supported also his aged parents. These are not bad credentials to lay before aspiring youths with only their V»mfli- and brains as a fortune. MOONTA, May -J. Trial pits are being sunk for public tanks, bo that there is little doubt but that the praise worthy promptness of the Executive will be followed up with equal spirit on the part of the Corporation, and that reservoirs will be com plete and filled before the winter rains have passed. Acceptable shower* began on Tuesday at about 11 a.m., and continued almost without intermission, gently but thickly, till towards midnight, when the rain partially ceased, and the weather has since been cold and wintry. Nearly every resident has caught water, and some have got as much as four feet depth in their tanks ; one person, indeed, obtained several thousand gallons. The masons and plasterers, who were as idle as th» masters could keep them or their engagements allow, will now resume full labours. One contractor having some work to do which was urgently required had to obtain fresh water for it from Kadina. Several farmers here had been tilling in readi ness for the wet, and will now go ahead. Gardens which were almost despaired of will now also be in a condition suitable for cultiva tion. Several residents who some time ago planted partially in hopes of being able to keep on till rain came will need to plant afresh. At a special meeting of the Agricultural Society on Monday, it was unanimously resolved 'That it was not advisable to hold a June Show this year.' This decision was in conse quence of the lateness of the season, it being thought that there would be no stock fit for exhibition, or flowers or vegetables. The Anglican Church is rapidly being covered in, and tenders for plastering are to be called for now that water has arrived. It promises to be a handsome building. The Wesleyan Church is also progressing at a good speed. The young man Roach, who a short time since was injured at this building, is now able to leave his bed. SALTIA, May 6. During the past two days splendid showers fell The rain was greatly needed, as the late hot weather had scorched up what little green feed there was. It appears from a clause in the Governor's Speech that there is every prospect of the settlers here being able to obtain the declara tion of an area in this locality ere long. This will cause great satisfaction, as there are scores of persons in the district who are ready to take land if they can get it where it will be most useful to them. Business is very dull. \- . ♦ . JAMESTOWN, May L Nice showers fell to-day, and were much needed, as much wheat has already been sown. ♦ PORT AUGUSTA, May 6. The weather is beautiful, as refreshing showers have fallen. The country was begin ning to be very dry and miserable looking, but in a short tame the face of the land will be changed to a living green. The rain has just come in time for the sheepfarmers. Business is rather dull, but not more so than is usual at this season. - We are favoured with a moderate supply of fist in the Gulf. The mail arrangements are a great nuisance, as owing to the rain the roads are heavy, and there is thus a late delivery. People must write late at night, because the coach leaves at 3 a.m. Why is not known, and the postal authorities do not appear to be doing the plr.ee justice in leaving so little time between the arrival and departure of mails. A site has been selected in the town for the monument to the memory of the late Mr. A. D. Tassie. The Chanticleer sailed last week for Hobart Town in ballast. Two sailing vessels from Port Adelaide have arrived since the Lubra left, so that if the steamers only miss one trip it gives employment to sailing vessels. MOUNT TEMPLETON, May 6. It is hoped that the Government will grant a sufficient sum to finish the approaches to new bridge at Whitwarta, as they are dangerous. The approaches are not fenced, and tho settlers trust that the southern one will be lengthened so as to enable people to get up the hill, for now it ends in a flat, and the first overflow of the river will wash it away unless something further is done. What could now be accomplished for £100 would cost £200 a few months hence. 'TANUNDA, May 8. An amateur theatrical performance for the benefit of a family formerly resident here, and now ia distressed circumstances, took place at the Tanunda Hall on the 30th April last. The performers deserve tho thanks of the public, having always been ready to lend a helping hand fcr useful and benevolent purposes. Our farmers are now busy again with plough ing and sowing, to which the late dry weather had put a stoppage. Tho late rains did an immense deal of good, and the farmers consider the prospects are brighter. 