THE SOUTH AND EAST MELBOURNE CRICKET MATCII. (To the Editor of the Bendiuo Advertiser.') Sir,—Will you al'ow ail admirer of the game to .suggest, through your columns to Mr. Gillies, and through him to the Ministry, the adris ability of running trains at excursion fares to Melbourne on Saturday first, in order to allow the inhabitants of such cricket-loving towns as Geelong, Ballarat, Castleiuaine, Sandhurst, &e.;, to sec the continuation of a match which pro mises to be one of the most exciting ever played in the world. M. Blondin may be sar castic when he declares we are cricket mad, but be that as it may, no one will deny that with re gard to this particular match the excitement is unparalleled throughout the colony. If the experiment were made, Mr. Gillies might after wards see his way to give (he country a casual dip in the sea without taking any money from the State coffers. I throw out the suggestion with regard to this match more with the hope that you will give the assistance of your able pen to Saturday excursions generally (or Sun day even if need be) than with any expectation of seeing the Minister of Railways make a con cession I am sure thousands would appreciate. Yours very respectfully, ONK 01)' A THOUSAND. 7tli December. A Shout Lifk.—Within one month from the completion of the first home in Pitholic City, Pennsylvania, that city had n. telegraph ofliee mid hotel, costing the owner .£10,000 dollars. In one month more there w;is a daily paper estab lished, iukI iu the next a theatre; in another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there ivere 74 hotels and boarding houses; in the seventh month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then had about 15,000 people, elaborate waterworks, a city hall and an expensive city government. Then occurred the completion of a labor-saving enterprise, the so-called Miller i'arm Pipe line, by which the petroleum was scat off in dependent of the laboring population. At once four thousand persons were thrown out of employment, while 2,000 houses became use less, This was the death-blow to Pithole. At once the hotels, the theatres, and the telegraph were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while almost every one packed up his trunk aud moved out. Only nine families re mained out of a population of 15,000 souls, while the railroad from Pithole aud Olcopolis runs onlj- one train a day consisting of a locomotive and a single car, which is usually empty; but the company is obliged to Keep running, otherwise the charter of the road would be lost. They slill hope against hope for better times for that unfortunate city, which in only seven months w;us born, full grown, got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a case un paralleled in history modern or ancient.. Neither Kgypt nor Greece can give examples of such rapid changes. 