fMfZL .-Chapter II. PTBIL'B -OOLOHMi. v ;- -Upon some,nfttuiBs (be influence of ex \- iemal objects *imdnji»fteffect of change are : marked andiepid,o$no»gh those natures nre n^ ther^o^ ? necessarily shallow ^or " thw^^iUfcy^Df^obser , vauoh and versatility -of intelligence rather 1 'c. ithan. to /flekfoneWoPf heart. Upon others i change pf soeneand surroundings,, has . -foot Tittle ^effect bfeyond . its, unconscious An voluntary. .phyficjfl.action; . the centre -ofthougbtis not disturbed, the carreht of foelingflows on In; apl, hnaltered channel 4UO wMt VUVU^U UUkV (^ZiD, JVUtUtl have been nmntelljgent, the steadfast I of his thoughts* the concentration of his mot have <nees< _ memory, would not have been lessened. He was by no means a brilliant man intel lectually, but hp had intelligence of a clear, -active, and reflective order, sutd a particularly -diligent mind, knowing accurately its own -range, and never idle within it A lea< -range, and never idle within it A leading ""note" of his moral nature was its steadfast mess, whence came his punctual simple dis ■charge of all duties, and also his capacity for •cheruhinK a deep and abiding sorrow for the •early lostlove of his yonth. David Mervyn went out to India with the regiment into which he had exchanged -shortly before the outbreak of the mutiny of 1857, which appalled the United Kingdom -and changed the entire governing system of •our Indian Empire. Throughout the whole •of the stern repression of the revolt and the barbarous reprisals- which, when it was over, disgraced the English rule in Hindo •etan, he served gallantly, but-he was not •popular with, the authorities who enjoined . -those reprisals, though he stood high in the •esteem of the really great men of that terrible (•period, whe being, like all really great men, ■both humane and just, regarded with horror •the^ cruelties vriuch were perpetrated, and ■• a. - " * * ' * , which -with disgust the falsehoods which were in dented to -justify them to the far-off English •people^-roused to terror and furyhy reports as any of the bulletin^ repugnant to our Biitishrnoral Sense, by which the French •Government and the French press deceived •the French people in1870. When the troubles had subsided, and the work of ro-orgsnisa «tion had begun, David, whose health had mot -suffered either from the service or the -climate, took ho leave; he did not wish to •leave India; he did not want to go home. The flavour had gone utterly out of his life, •and he was not unwilling or impatient that •it should be so. That the grey of evening ^.i .ij > X.,I — u_ jJS ahould-have fallen upon his mid-day he did rwonaex not resent, nor wonder at—had not the dost -and the darkness hidden away his beautiful -darling in her noon-tide beauty and love? "Was she to die, having given him all her life •of loveliness and devotion, and he to be -angry because there was a piun in his heart a void into which hiaoyes gazed, aching •while they looked listlessly; and with her joy 'bad become a dead thing, music had no •snore melody, and the hours were meted out with a dull sameness, modified by neither •hope nor fear, and never harried by heart beats? The strong, sweet draughts of love were no more for his drinking, the golden •bowlwfaioh her fair hands had held to his •lips had fallen from them and was broken, -and the fair hands were meekly folded *in silence for evermore, in silence which -dwelt around his heart—and should : he not submit to it, even welcome it? Would -she have ever broken it, had.such silence •cometohef- isBtead, from bis gravel The answer was ready—the mere dread of it, the all- suffiifont agony of the fear ofit, had killed be sorrowful, and Imey. He was content to ran an things Outside his professional duties wto have assumed the attitude of a spectator •thus-long before his time.. The secrecy of his marriage, its-short dura •tion, the nueL hidden romance.of the ppi =sode which had been so brief in comparison •with its-incalculable importance, the utter jjuedng away wit, leaving no taace^on^the jfife -pf any human being except-Jhiofisel^ ■the shutting of it up in 14b own -breast, -u.yu. ■^s^sgssss^^t^ Hdowlf ibiBtaM pn jmd the bwW hp9 mod formwhichbad at flret haunted him si unost-crneVy, appealing to him for that pity 1y dead to which' the., lurking for the early dead to which' the,, lndppg /paganismin us all never foils to respond, as . -well as torturing him with the pain of .part -Da... -slight -.wSgHg® jflweet lightcame SteahnrrthrOugh it, from j gfftT* " .—.jnt.anfl wMconteritwasi-Y."r-v •curtain of oblivion, with a grave on oae side vand thebusmtoa imd ploaiure of lifo onthe : meentondmam. ttod thoughhoveriw Over •wubin fhp. no^itet. .<jf toutfflar ]tor- . ifured hlmoo mort, " " "" •chastening bore fnfle&L; Wfrygrant bfinc TfoaCulol coma ever set i vnandaf Ifbuti •of, fOStidSMhfc. -..y —\JT~uk „V U V never again mentfoPed the subject of tear aiiMtopIm.DuringhU stay atBarrholme, before he ^went to' India, he had ashed her 'whether she did bob think it would be better, for the sake, of idl concerned, to put him in foil possession of the facts respecting the ruopetty. ghe hid nothing, he added- to ^v^om he^wujd atwngely altered, math of Vritii j|m agsentodnnd she admitted,him to a cadence as complete as any confidence of tlmtWMsverla. sufficient for the ruc^V ehd lton to dS^w'results, |they avoIdea wtMes by mutual implied oonfent, £5«»fojdcteg any referenceto Sir Alexander. ::pj?«iawai admirriatra&toh; of Jfc "or a momefitLady Me. .... remind berton, that he had it buu ui uib power to put ab end to allembar fSsturitafe ana 'totriSvd iU toe lotoee and folllesof the, past by marriage; Bhe -was tempted to recur to her old hrrnxmenfe about Anne Cairnes, and to reinforce them ; wlto her conviotionthatAhneWas still unmarried for his hake. But she looked at him before speaking, and then she refrained, fortu nately. With his departure his mother's last heme on this subject vanished. The only thing to be expected then, she thought, was that if he should "get over" -his1 gtief for Lucy, he wOuld marry some other penniless gin out there of iess objec tionable position; every one knows, thought Lady Mervyn, what Indian marriages are. i Clearly, for every reason, the best thing David could do was to remain inlndia, bis health being g06d, and his work interesting. He went home on leave when hie father died, bat it was only td replace hismotherinfjill possession and authority at Barrbolmei, and then-make a short Continental tohr. This . time he walked past the house in the row at Hammersmith, but he did not go in. The Berlin shop was still in existence, and no doubt the first floor was still let in lodgings, for, as he passed the house In returning, the door opened, and a nursemaid pushed a perambulator, with a chubby child in it, on to the footpath, neatly grazing David's shins in the process. He ■ visited the grave in Kensington churchyard, too, but it brought him no keener, cloBer realisation. His Lucy had been for a long time now. to his calmer, less earthly vision, not there, but risen. He was in London when the Exhibition of 1862 closed, and afterwards he went abroad and did not revisit England, but started on bis return journey from Marseilles in the spring of 1863. He vie wing the incidents and ex periences of his "leave," he was surprised to find how little they had affected him. with how little emotion he had revisited his home, with what moderate regret he had quitted it —how his vividness and keenness of feeling bad declined. Lucy's death, the fever at Scutari, and the experiences of the mutiny had, he supposed, used up all the power of emotion, all the sensitiveness, that was in him, and left him a mere commonplace soldier. How changed everathing was at Barrholme! His father dead, his mother an old woman almost; her well-preserved looks all gone, her hair white (there was a good deal of grey in his own), and her active ways laid aside, roor Mr. Cairnes, too! David was sorry for Mr. Cairnes. wjho was so kindly and happy, helpful, good, and prosperous a person that one could not think of him as among those to whom death comes duly, or welcome, but rather as if it were an unkind, almost an unreasonable surprise. David missed him from the Tors, ana hardly cared for the place, though his sister and her children were so often there, with Gordon Graeme's relatives. AudAnne— who would have supposed that Anne could be so altered, could have become so hand some! David did not remember ever to have thought Anne handsome when she was agid. But she was indisputably handsome now; a most graceful, refined, sweet, and impressive woman. Why had she not married? David's mind never recurred to the old remembrance which he had de nounced as coxcombical, mid of which he was genuinely ashamed. He answered his own question by supposing that Anne bad never loved ; mid then he tell to making a comparison of their respective fates—his, ; who had loved «md lost; hers, who had never j loved at alL Of course there was a shifting! crowd of remembrances of people, mid places - and incidents before iris mind, and tor the . most part he was not sorry tobe done with them; but he recurred to these for some time, until they were merged in the routine of his military fife, its dnties and associations. It was not unnatural that the death of his child should have made but little additional i impression on David's mind. The news of it had reached him before he had begun to rally ! ever so slightly from the shock of Lucy's death, and the two had merged into one great waste of calamity. Afterwards he had hardly thought of the mother and the child sepa rately, and bad never pictured to himself jthe different aspects Jus life might have bohie had his little daughter-lived. It was at the Tors, as Victoria-lodge was again openly called, Miss Cairnes not objecting, that David had a vision of t^e. child as she might have ! been. He was walking: .with his. sister through the shrubberies which divided the J Tors from Barrholme, and they were talking of her numerous little brood. The two elder 1 children-marched gravely in advance of t^eir mother and their uncle, with a highly deceit- ! ful aspect of amity and accord, the stipulated , conditioh of this privileged promenade. " How fast Manan grows," said her mother, " Bhe is talier tor her age than Sasha." " What is her age?" . . ; : . " Shfliwill besevett in August" "And Sasha?" . " Why,- David, you surely have not for gotten? He w&s; bom on the anniversary of our wedding day—in '54, while you were in the Crimea. David looked at the children—tall, $ne, noble-looking creatures they were, with' perfect health and untamed spirits—and jthe curtain was lifted from before the past His ■_i >. jij: j._ _t_. _ v.-J sister's wedding-day, nine yean ago, had tt of his only child's birth. Toe been that of his only child's birth. The day, every hour of it, leaped out of oblivion, and oonfion tedhim. How brief thelittle life had been, and yet how fall of meaning ana of .consolation to the young mother, who had so nearly paid toft it , wither own. Nothing oould be, more commonplace than the inci dent, the words which had struck the clford of msodiatioii. pud yptwitfh whata keen pang 4t gave put its answering sounds. If i his. Nicy's child had jived she ^wonld have been now a/teU am ofnine jean old, fair pod blue'eyed, like her beautiful mother! no doubt oocl merry rejoicing in life, like those children before hisVeyes. Andf his sjstor, talking to him with toe pleasant wisdom, the foil happineto of her matronly content—If she oould nave divined the vision which her words had oonjured upl It was not dismissed immediately. /That night, as hfodgwih toe moonlight, he thought men of the dead baby than he had ever thought before, knd he remembered the words of mother's' letter—4t was' papers, and hehsd not looked at it tor yuan —in which she told him f _ that the ohildjhad followed themoth'ep to theBetter Land, J "I had made toe but arrangement in] my Sower," wrote Lady Mervyn, ''forjthe ear child's welfare--had procured a most respectable and capable' nurse] for ! her, ana had every mason to - hope ana believe that she would thrive, i in every respect, except that of bringing her to Barrholme, an exoeption already explained, I am convinced that I had earned out all Su could have wished. But it wM jnqt to , my dear David, and in' a Little timet yon will be -consoled for what is so frequent an occurrence—the death of so young a cmld," He had never kntorn, never asked, anwpar- • ticulacs; he had taken it for granteathat the cbild had died in London, andhadbeen .buried.in Lucy'a grave, Nothbig^^dbepn in which. she^ewfeodL to6the chip's death, andwhich, as it happened, was so ^^i M^not to oonvey the ^ct that she had only heard of the death from Lady Mervfn—that She had no personal know ledge of toe circumstances. All this Sir David Mervyn remembered, and for thefisst thnehefelt&wish; to break the silence So long maintained between Jus mother and himself. But the wish paasedaway withthe reflection that only pain could oometoboto out of any revival of the past, and that it would desecrate the long unspoken name bf his loved Lucy to otter it where it might possibly arouse a spirit of contention. ; "With David's return to 'India, having suc ceeded to his hereditary title and fortune, such, as it wais, it: might well be supposed that his persistent indifference to fftmnfo charms would have been regarded with ip creased surprise and displeasures Bat it was not bo.' The famous experiences of William Dobbin were not repeated in his person. No Miss Glorvina - O'Dowd, aided and abetted by a sister.in-law. of the vigour and pertinacity of the immortal Peggy, danced at' him, sang at him, talked at him, or Med to "finish" him with a pink satin gown. Sir David Mervyn was popular enough among women, though those of the sentimental order—not quite extinct in the sixth decade of this century—did not consider him " interesting," and no one ever propounded, an unrequited attachment as the solution of the problem, " Why Sir David Mervyn does not marry f' Bat his man ners, though pleasapt, were perfectly even. No woman—except, indeed, sne was old, or in any kind of trouble, or snubbed by other women—ever obtained the least advantage' over any other woman in the way of uncom mon or significant attention from Sir David. It was, perhaps, expected at the "station" that he -would marry during his leave, and either not return at all or bring out a Lady Mervyn with him; but the surprise occa sioned by his not doing so was very mode rate ; and when he came back there was no more expectation nor disappointment among the young ladies and their friends than there had beenbefore. Ten years in India is a longer period, in some social senses, than 10 years anywhere else, and before they had ex pired David began to feel strangely old. He had seenso much mutation in the lives of others, his own life standing so still the while. The young ladies who had been a little surprised that Captain Mervyn's atten tions were so very general when he went ont to India ten years ago had all married so long since that they had already sent home con signments of pale children to the care of grandmothers and aunts, or other guardians; and the succession crop of yonng ladies who, when Sir David returned from his leave, thought it would, be veiy nice to be Lady Mervyn, but promptly discovered that there was no use in thinking about it, had all married sufficiently long ago to have a supply of children in process of becoming sufficiently pale for exportation. Bat these would not be consignments, for the regiment was going home. One year before this happy period there had come a new interest into Sir David Mervyn's life. A very fine yonng-fellow, one Cyril Westland, bad come to join the regiment, specially recommended to Sir David. He knew all about B&rrholme; had been there quite lately; his cousin Anne had her Scotch place on her again; he hoped she was not going to let it any more; and he could give Sir David quite the latest. news of everybody—from Lady Mervyn and Mrs. Gimme to James Thompson and the dogs, old friends of his, but with whom Sir David could hardly have been acquainted, except, indeed, Help, the colley, an animal illustrious in the annals of the county, and of whom Cyril reported that, like a sensible fellow at his time of life, he was turning lazy. + The high spirits of Cyril, his frank amia bility, his enthusiastic freshness of mind, had Un immense attraction for Sir David, an at traction which had also the. qualities of a relief. The young man's company was like fresh air which came across well-known gardens, and brought with it their familiar fragrance, and thenceforth Sir David acknow ledged to himself that he should be very glad to get home. To his young subaltern just joined, who had come ont with an extravagant outfit and a great deal too much money to spend, the simple soldierly ways of the colonel were a useful lesson, .and Sir David, a distinguished Crimean' and mutiny man. was a fitting object for the hero worship of which he was capable; for to this extent Cyril1 was behind his age—he could feel those ex ploded sentiments, admiration mad respect. Cyril was 20, Sir David was JO, respective ages which hardly coalesce in general, but these 'two -soon became genuine friends. From Cyril Westland's talk Sir David learned over again.thelife he had'for so long almost forgotten, and grew familiar again with the home he had so long been absent from. Cyril was acquainted with , every nook of Barr holme, of which he developed to its owner many unsuspected resources, hedges where ■ wonderful walking sticks might be cut, ditches, or "dykes;" as he called them—: —priding himself on following the colloquial customs of the country—perfectly delightful to jump; otter-haunts, caverns among the rocks along the coast, which' he had evi dently explored at the imminent risk of his life, and many other delights too numerous to mention. Cyril and the Graemes were great allies, and he could tell the colonel all about the young folk, how Sasha had afiret rate head for figures, and Marian was such a jolly little giri. A perfect little lady, yoh know, nothing hovdenlsh about het, but she cotald ride and walk, good honest uphill and downhill walks—better than any giii in the Lowlands, or indeed, Cyril believed, in the world. With details of this sort Cyril teas wont to diversify, the more serious talks between himself-and his saperior officer. '""The adopted son of tils old friend Anne Gaimes." Thus Marian Gnome had in trodnoed Cyril to her brother, who had merely a vague recoIleOtion that a sister of the dear old friend of his boyhood, Anne's mother, had come home to England before he went to India, bringing a child with her. He congratulated Anna upon her adopted Son, sb ne wrote to Marian, speaking of him in such warm tones of praise that Mariitn sent the letter on to Anne, and told her to keep it for the pleasure and encouragement of herself and Mrs. Westland. But Atine preserved it solely for the pleasure and en couragement of herself—firatly, for a tho roughly feminine reason, best known to herself; and seoondly, because she would not, by any means, have liked Mrs, Westland to know the appellation that: Marian had bestowed uponCjrriL Her aunt would, she was aware, be well oontent with the heirship to her possessions which the term "adopted son" implied, but she knew (hat Mrs. West laud would violently resent the ignoring of herself and of her own rights, whioh also lurked invidiously within it She was as exacting a mother as she was negligent, and she baa an unfortunntetempor.waay to V^beJS toSaty. Therefore Anne, in ^[knshrttor, deprecated the6mtitiftjmsii&f; So^^HK/^^Sg; "s& «nM»fWly her sense of Sir to her tomsih Ctait mefe^n*SarS? S.® &■"* rer0?!£ the twaWte of re writlng this explanation to her brother sent him Aime's letter, which 8ircS^4 SS {u^ ***** reason thL ^St SheMwS her for sTmsnr cere before, and the letters of^wdmatkMrliSf rJwrS04^ Me **ffay8 characteristic. OnlwagBand was always readr to talk- nf SSi^116?°*' though Broml^Mkfc was not to be compared for amoment tothe' ptf&SigASSStS; gffejf s&&£^£s£5L£.' «^!Tntal 811(1 that, andthe housef han^me-fitted up with em rf^f/^jmve 8,1(1 convenience knowrrto raviUaation up fo yesterday, with orders to tw?<? lmpr(>vmg from this morning: for ^y' Cyril's flippant description—was too new to be very interest. hlg!hoM ^nk and commonplace. «!L 5 tohegmthe history of a house nn»»nif not to oe able to read or to imagine any of w ^»ady wntten the walls, to have no store ^ traditions. He delighted'in h i^OUflea' in which ghosts andlffiio£ larked ; such, for instance, as Barrholme • he lots of secrete hidden there.' Sir David supposed that Hiss Cairnes niraS Bromley.park better than the C as Bhe than m°fh m<»« of other people '£?L£m ^?unka herself," he said,^that she would live at Bromley-park whether or no. It is quite wonderful how active she is in doing good, more active than most peoole it t^aSlTP, themselves, and so quiet about }f" t^:, The monument she has put up to SfnnJ^Wr, ?emoF « an alSsUEm toough, by the bye, she does not like it to be ^/edso. And there is not a charitable in! hi Manchester that she does not help to some extent, unless it's a bigoted one bellying people about their religious opinions before it supplies their bodily Wanted Kfo Anne hates that kind of thing." »w°t 8honld think," said Sir David, "from what I remember of her. You were with her a good deal, no doubt" mth Whenever I could be. She is cabital ^t^%J^^h*PP??J<mkaow' Chloriel, I owe everything I nave in the world to iSS"I did not know that." Then Cynl told Sir David all about it verv hut amply acknowledging his' own thinJ^h^u'- •? j1^ nofc' however, say any. HtffiWo lmphed a belief that he should be Anne s sole heir-of which Marian David sanff416 *** ** ^^^d-and Sir " Bromley.park and the Tore will both be yours in tune, no doubt" I suppose so, if Cousin Anne does not 5? .?on'fc 8e.e why everyone ehopid frf 80 Perfectly certain that she never wiU many. It is quite a settled thing, it seems— though she never said anything^ mTlb^t Therou'l,^' end such a handsome woman! They all go on as if she was SO, and I never hewd anyone say that she had ever fori a of marrying anybody, or anybody ever h^d a notion of marrying her. The neonle er,Maiam Cairnes, and instead ! of being a single woman with lots of money I SnKwf00" ^ to nobody she puts so many i1?n^»upon hir8e^ 'hat she might be the little woman who lived m a shoe, and had tfg* wd troublesome family to provide " I think you're safe to be the eldeBt son aLfil erentB> ^d Sir David Mervyn, with a n conversation took place soon after £fl?i8t?rnT$ and before UrDavid wrote that letter which came into Anne's keeping, ^.y^fhkethe revival of an old acquainted wfoch had been (hopped through the action ^f^v: distance. Thenceforth Sir David Si^PavicL 811(1 Anne often heard of ^ T®gimebt came home; w«ar well, being m easy circumstances and not susceptible to * worry" on account nf other people. She had disposed ad van tageously of the house at HM^gs Oome years previously, and established herself in s>Ms* a " sphere," wherein she received all the homage due to her as a colonel's widow free She and hferuiece m» °^eri by common consent, »n^ Mrs- Westiand had the pleasure at once of d&pismgAnne; s Way of life as " thoroughly Mid regarding it withsatufecfaon as a guarantee of there being "aUflmrno*. for Cyril." She had mP** in *¥ P*®8 SSSSt on the. point of his. inheritance. The LT&S; £®tumed i* perfect & look. I? ™ffei ira, sees* f("hrtns , done Any of the foolish things fellows do in l5 *° 4116 eoionel: if he fori which he hadhad afairshar^rihe^laam^ anoe—all these were thanks to the oolcmeL not fw from thinkfog that of all the i the most valuable. ervynwes imearheropportunity of beholding thiafo! oolonri. But so ltd, eSd*|i m splendid order from Indfon serri^SI^ PWwinf invitation to fflwmhit Enriand; he faEwV?$A&iSt; Cjnfl» at the cloeeofsit Mff*ra don't See Mini ,, comes be(^ |raa sM «an TSh^ethemattet wttti * seem tohesryrhstlamSfcyi •*»**?&* metSirDsTidUervraL7 3^> •■'■■"■ . d h»}a^i •'Sohetoidme.Heeiidfc*h«MI« you irate, went abrosdbefore too came he mSibiAripiott jl end of his time, whefcyoh with Mrs. Grffime. TheToM -trig That's correct, isn'tit" ■ ' <>-<■■■. %sw ' ''Qfaite cpncct. 'fife David rainciphwas the cfocntaftanc^gaotmrately." ' - 