TOPICSfFTHEWEEK. Mere evidence «f the apathy c4 d*«rati- i in wftiant to the Geteasmeex j in the second bitd of n&ems-; < iknrneaben pt ikir seats n ; ceatest, s4 m the diftris which » tepee-; Mlwl by two «f these cwbei it does not; appear that rafifjpnt mtrevac; was Ms in the ; iu—ti'fariismf .nanftiini era to dkit teem , At —ton Iff i i 6rwna»iD>ri^bw Acy«nat to vote on tide fabject. In the gseat majority of cases where men has* been , wtifntil, their taiade towab this scheme , ban formed no element m their election. ; Bab bee aa iateeasks the casails erncf does b» sees to have bad esosgh caDHitfeRsto inertly ask them whether wocld tewe fe or ae»ne n policy; which the Ministry bats its ex It is anreang to read Me. J. F. ScHfvan (hrisg tbe deews of CjSlicgnod s " review «t bos past politics! life,* in which, bo far as we can glean from the repxsa, not a. single aShmou was made to tbe Cobban water works! Why, this is tbe play of "Haste*.* with cot only tbe principal character, bet tbe King, and tbe Queen, and tbe Ghost all kit tat. Of Mr. ScOivas's political lite, tbe part by wbkh Lfc is alone likely to be remembered is tbat spent in saperintending tbe water works of the ctsmJiy, and bringing them to ffarirfetf perfection in whkb we now happOj Sadden. Bis political life is that. If yon < want bis raoenmest there it is, more datable than beam, although tbat in bis ease prore to be of a Toy enduring quality. It covers many acres of ground, lies abest over and defaces a large part of we or two counties. Its traces will re main to attest trai to future generations tbe iftiarnrfsl prodigality and monstrous idrodcring of, tbe present one. Mr. Selbvaa bad bis trine, and it was a merry one; bis opportunity, and we know bow be used it For tbe shame fad mkiiMiiagemcat which inflicted so dis eoaragmga blow spnoceSerbst hydraulic tnsialim linn, and made osr attempt a stigma set the ndnrirristrataoD of public afiahs in this ooiony, Ml SoBrran more than any other ■seat is responsible. Unkss be is held so, sad, dealt with accordingly. Ministerial iraponaflxHty in Victoria is a delation. In tta Mr. SaBhran bas nothing at all to com. plain of. He had bs diaiw, and semes bezingbowit was employed, Victoria eannot afford to allow him any mors. Hmadnanis tzatioB partook too largely of the blundering tbat is worse than a crime to warrant the colony inputtingbimagain ins to repeat it. "We now hare an opportunity cf seeing how it is that the past and present political dificnltifs of tbe colony hare arisen. It is afl because we did not take tbe advice given to tbe Government and the colony, in Lgih by Mr. P. O'Brien, one of the present candi dates for East Jfefbonme. With the eye ot prophesy Mr. CrBrien then foresaw all of oar troubles; and in what seem, at the fast glance, a few erode, disconnected sentences, showed bow we could avoid them. More than tins, he now disiiiiwB from some ohstm e receptacle the speech be made 20 years ago, and mfHefcrd it on Iris bearers at his ejection meeting tbe other evening. The fpresigfat be powcmci then he possesses now; snd as he woold have carried as safely over dangers in (tbe past, be is ready to do so in tbe fatne. And so Mr. O'Brien mshrs to tbe breach, and places his states . maaKkf abilities and constitntional lone at the service of bis country. We regret to see tbat attempts woe made, by sraUei ing some disagreeably smeDiiig chenii csl, -to interrupt Mr. O'Brien's meet*, ing. We regret it the more because tbe resort to material means of obstruction, al ways to be deprecated, isespecially objection able when there is what may be called an in. teOeetnal mode of annoyance equally effec tive and very ready teband. MnCBrienhas been * candidate before. Be was in the field for the Coandl two or time years ago. One of bis meetings on that occaaon was Ironed into aomething of aAaaro, andthe candidate underwent what we can only call ''tjWfcrogasting,'' byahapprqiiestfaapatiB i^bitexsstsof bis opponent Ifr. O'Stien wMssfcedbf* opbrfon oftheworidogof the Zoflvewin, and it was soon found, after bis allflaq* to tMBrtro Ibis myeterioBs word bad aittgetiupr fsfied,that Mr, O'Brien bad no 4^fto«iipioiie onto outlandish a stride**. Bftbaaurdedngoees that it was something hfehlytorefgO/ sad, therefore, antagonistic totito interests of tiie Btitirii Emffee, and relied that ""be would do nothing todis jgessythe roothar^jponfay, to rwfcicb be was 'jponl tobdonff." Mow, it is quite wercos dMb'toraiiyM)*,; however oppaesd to Mr. iytmui 'to 'scatter aseafnrtidt, oranything oonld be far 'effectaafirfiooiied br~eo atopi* -aquas-. ^%|e!^y <*ato ^-hesitation that Mr. O. feels in« ~ . not go far incrto the^^lti»iBcHL fiewonld iftite iKmtinte systttii^ tyhhieh the be swampedfn the case of per e to &e;^iatomDly and the rifnanofMrv >atonto" ydUnof ' ^ What the oeJt fsnetom of wfeidb vif topass J tWy tfarf vsc itst sp to it, »b4 wiass «s i to be "c««Bped' iwtcdj k stsempad to j txetoK avSlctc opinion of its oroi it | mddtetFcnessedoanianBto, a shim i •check co demoeacr, a fmraki ^ecsssioo ; cf rrrfcaing tad irram? lep^saoa. Eat | would be so reality &si;£ tbcat U, sas ^ we AtxM have tbe tigaaz^ s «»■ j gflsd fBsastee which, *^ei de to* j cad the criaesi occsskb cunt, wosld | to be boflew end woctoksB, and even ®t" • egcediy «£•■ Sorely, other than this, it bt a txjiCred traces 1-Kter to vest all of ike power of the state in a sn^e House, snd either try to provide 6xaeoeaerrsitrew fgent in that Chamber, or to reject any Bach idea as mooosastent with democracy, and as showing an ttcpnofw trust of tbe wm&am; d tlx people *s expressed in its Pazbaxaee uiy represectatzrcE. Tbe BaHarat Sior makes a pood pxnt ( tbe Ministerial eefeeme of ooerdnz = tbe Updniie CooncS, bj showing tiat I n^tead of froKmtfng the work of CobmI j j ryfme, |s is cvkuhtfd to postpone it m- j definitely. It fcas been assumed thai shoald j present proposal be adopted, nothing , via be easier than to reform tbe j Coondl by passing the Electoral BS1 offasi ] i ri'iin. or any other that may be devised. | But oar contemporary chow* that this is by i no m**"* tbe case. Mr. Stephen, in. his | speech tbe other evening, assured bis bearers 1 rfwt the Government does not purpose 1 toc±ing tbe safeguards contained in the | Act. Hot this act provides rtirt no c^nge can be made in the eensato tion of the Assembly or Csmndl wiiirost the consent of an absodsto majority of those hodi** respecdvelf. So that is is evident re ghould be in just tbe same pasirian, so far as any reform of the Council is con cerned, after Mr. Francis's measure had been carried, that we are now. The Council did not choose to pass the Sectoral Bill submitted to it before, and there is no more reason to suppose that it would pas it bow. Mr. France's measure would not m any wayafectthe power <rf the Council to throw cut toe taiL So that instead of having before ws pw«w^ UK> sas^ aw''fj* r — Conned, and bringrng it mto ctmur refanon efcjp with pobik opinion, we am now pre sented with two probiems, and the sofanon of dm first does not in toe smallest degree to make toe other more easy. Of course, it may be bdd that the Ministry «»■ adess that as it is vwetess to attem^ re£«» mg the Conned. coercing it will be made to mu ar all netiol As it cunwt w SLvtd,Si^obe quietly set aside. Bat y«i»w toe *d*a, it would be more honest to state it. And. whether this is toe idea or bo*, it is a misrepresentation to say that toe nmui scheme must be precedent to asy ..■.■■inr of oonstimtinpal reform of toe tywounl, with which it has no owmenoa, sad foe winch it does not at all pare toe wj. From toe tone of many an electksi meet ing, it appears fair to infer that payment to members is doomed, and that candidates cow r*w»»n to Parliament must be prepared to give their services to toe country gratis. It is quite apparent that payment to mem bers is not popster amongst the electors. A man who openly states that be will support payment to as a fair; lost thing. may perhaps be borne with X be is a favourite in other respects, bat those who themselves opposed to payment are ante to be applauded for their statement. Sectors axe reasonaMydisappointed to find that payment has not had that effect of rairing the character of the men who come forward or who are returned that was anticipated from it. They are not even sure, in the face of the (n«<A«T« of toe test Administration, thai it has had the effect of peeventing corruption. That It has removed all ez cuse for it is a consideration that ave rage electors do not attach mock weight to, although it is by no means an shim portant one. And the other beneficial effect of payment of members in developing t a conservative feeling and indisposition for in toe minds of members, Is one thai a great many of the attendants at dedion meeting* would rstom object to thahdto&wise.; Many of them Hkeiobave j fog them for their suffrages aa often as poa slide. So; as its advantages si» very little appreciated, and asaHofthe benefits that j were hoped from it have not been realised, '.paymentof mcaoEibw^ ow ot fli® **pwnts of the Charter,"a»d» leading princqde of denio cxats and radicate in the old oopntry, has jfalteninto disfavoor, and fa not at all likely i to be hmg mMntmned. Itfoevident ficbmalerter wlddi'ws prfi>t Jiewbere from toe aldf^e-caii^prfSr/aaMS jFergasabn, govemor of tXem Zealand, te jfcrringto HisExcellency'a reoiBnt fawarintts .jSonth Island, that.toet drcumstwrmn^ori Iswbteh aimagrapli In'a fewnsy wdW 1 j«n^%aifoini^;h|4 ^ |ior hhfidr^reported. itemlliof ^ tw* )lfl& CftUlM Iddvlni ;:pa^ Isopae"penemages j without vrtdttng fahear tfaelr addreasas. /We idk the time argued that ttttoteiBCtfW W %kcdfitols, ! S^^tmust b&vebeento;^Whpon gyry^^w^a'fotfbesnuaieeibTShiimOf the i aodraMes 'fo wrhkh he had listened. fgjitf ■rhbteppieheoded, And toe niatter did not ocmr aa rid^ed. It was W' to jdnh ''fniliiiiofc f'lnd--:'toiit' an aeddfinitj idifik''" any Mw;d; punctuality, andSir Jameafoetoaasraed tost 6omti^ impiited to him. 86 toat if toe : statsmmit was a mem invention, it . is now | ttfofod, and if it ^ aissatodacttcmpm nome fanded bt in tbemindsof toe mnhMipal person^ rinqn^feih/" . ^,wt. tht gsgsncree ca ssrh authority that BBsads trirrt to intruded, or even efeni Another jostmee of fiihct c£ a to- : cfessrre nirin "nil n in Yksoa*. There mnss be ease ratsct why tfaeae under. teVi-yr. eShfi working. ®s toc&u;&se; readSj is. tias ookcj. T&t; VkKfiiitt CsKfeatne AaodUno, » dsw «wzsd up, fceloexed to the forms' of tbaediau. It jg evident thas t b ct^ifoded for toeisis of this daads < *tee tbe crdin&ry; profits of trade £R k> {s^e at to allow t eadej oefwd si cose cf bcyms and customers tooltiin goods ether better or tias st an ordinary Kit to realise this object the members urns be csstemeza. TbejnESt&aDdiqreasto; encourage and enlarge tbe bosses tbey bare ee&ibiisbed; and axe carrying obl This ooo ditkm .«at evidently wanting in tbe asso ciation we allude ta When tbe project of 1H nmW <tiw. .«»■»■ m rft* rharr. man Btntioeed that the psmtses of sap port tbe asndukxi bad referred on ftarting bad bos been fulfilled, and marry of tbe $baxebc4des were not cus tomers Consequently, tbe principle of co-operation was not adhered ta, and tbe csdertakisg cxKdd only f*1"1 Bat irrespec tjrdy of tin* condition, it is doubtful whether the system of coopeasnois likely to rwBTe mncb application here, at any nxe for a long time. Tbe idea before most people Beexas to be rather to work for in independ ent footing of ftwr own, so that within certain however narrow these may be, they may be their own masters and pro prietras in tbeir own tight. In older states ofsodetj, this can only be done by the work ing dames by co-operating to realise man association what it would be hopeless for eachtotiyforindniduallv. But in Victoria tbe pressure from above is mot so heavy, and in stances are occurring every day of men rais ing themselves to such a position by tbeir own efforts. Thus the comparative prosperity of tbe people appears to be one reason why co operation is so little in favour amongst us, and so much oftener a failure than suc cessful. It really is pith We to see an association, nodocbt comprising vgymany wdl- TT>eannig. although not, p*T^«p», very strong-minded men, wasting its time like the Young Men's Christian Association did at a «wnfe bdd the other evening. The object of the gathering was to welcome delegates from kindred societies in tbe other colonies. This waa a very legitimate object, bat for what purpose these delegates came it is hard to infer from the foolish talk to whkh they gave utterance. One of them (a Mr. Patterson, from Donedin) w a grievous complaint about the infidel in the Donedin Athenamn. But it is not easy to see how we can help Mr. in this matter. It is postiWe that the titeratme, so obnoxious to him, is viewed very differently by other people. It is fair to presume that it meets the demands of the subscribes to the Athensum, t or it would not be procured. And | if so, there seems no remedy Wit for : Me. Patterson and bis friends to set span » Athenaeum of their own, from which all of | these reprehensible books and magavines \ can be carefully excluded- Then these is a : Mi. Moses Lewie; from Sydney, who has j found out to his sorrow that Mel bourne posprages a "semi-infidel press,' atehnngti fee is able to rejoice that " the Sydney papers are of a more Christian character." He went on to give credit to tbe Sydney Morrung Herald. for " exposing the horrible depths of immorality in that city"— an exposure which led to the MtaHMmwnt of places of worship -in tbe very worst localities. We have recently pointed out tbe field that is offered for work of this nature in Melbourne ; but if it is not done, sorely the Usme is not to be attributed to the press. Must these things all be written about, de scribed in vivid, hirid colours, worked up into articles of possibly unwholesome cha racter in the newspapers, before the Christian Young Men's Awxastion is aware of their existence or dream of remedying them? Surely, in dealing with such matters as these it is not sketchy artides in the newspspen; or whining speeches on platforms, tat quiet; earnest, unobtrusive work that is wanted. It may be news to Mr. Moses Lewis to hear: that much of such work is bring dons by people who never make speeches or write to the datiy journals, but who labour on few'the goodof thrirsufferingfellow-aeatares without athooghiofpublicity. If, instesdoftiyingto impose their own narrow ide» as tounuieit on the public, and weeping over the taste for infidel literature and the growing unbelief ;of the day, these speakers would go wind do likewise, it would be bettor for them.and the, community at large. Itfs, of comae, satiriactoty to lsam tout the 63 boxas of tea which have been lying' wp, and which, after briiy theotl>er. dy,werefonndto1 , r . with ^flOArtz tafl tmi, Itlhiw y to' come into general consunqitiott. It ls, however, by no means gpthfabtwy to reflect j how ranch tea.of rimflMcihsiiiMitiohinay, In* ! the course of# y£g£ jppas umotioed into the abopof the retoOcr. and be bought over tiie counter as fragrantrimch^ only? a mere accident that the fraudulent and un wholesome condition ot thii?toa was dis covered. Thsteferinxttaon to doutt, and evuy reason to beUeve/ ihat large quantities quite as escafyafrl fPfHTWon, if, indeed, there isany to eacape, and are toil' muted ty misue^dbM pmxfliasera. The some regular inspection aa' a check on the adulteration wfchh b m erioqakedf practised, so that the detection of such rfcr. cality might riot be the affair of chancethat it is at present. Doubtless, haHet-daneera are, inthrir way, useful members of the commonwealth; So kasgsa tbe kmtad Oeaeei ofunseaMDt uttoawegafhmrtfiiMfeqftaaiBMtBK i as we find them. those who minister to Sis toaiaiiretadi^eai^tdii^wticaMt aeal*J of the cotpingnhy. Bat tbor ser neatRBDtaf sei exigent wwiij in a josex country as to nout tbe Government in importing tbem. It wosld be assuming a very serious responsibility for a Gotermoest toeodataketodoKL So it is fair to saccate | that Dr. Feashestoa was taken advantage of by somebody when be indaded amongst ha i ktt canagnnjeiit of Ftt&di; immigrants to ! Se* 7*a3*nA foer men and an equal number 1 of women. who, although tfcey shipped as vine-dressers and wine-makers, declare on ! arrival th^t they are ba&et- dsacers;, and look ! oex for as engagement in this raparity. Emjuut mistakes sometimes, and it! is more reasonable to assume that tbe immi- I gratkai agent of New Zealand was imposed i upon by tbe ms-statemesfs of tbeaepemms; than that be actually porpoees undertaking I to supply the histricaiie as well as tbe u&dns-; j trial requirements of his ookmy. | Tbe most sensational incident of the last ' few days is the escape of the Commonist ' chiefs, which was announced to tzs by tele- 1 gram from Sydney. Tbe circumstance of their erasion from custody, and arrival as fugitives in Australia, very opportunely comes to iThrstrate tlm danger, which has been lately canvassed, of Anstralia becoming a place of refuge for tbe mast desperate cTTmfn«lg should the French Government carry out the plan of sending ordinary convicts, as well as political offenders, to New Caledonia as a place of punishment. However, no apprehensions of this nature are occasioned by the present arrivals. It is not at all likely that these peSt-ataSre leaders of the Beds of Paris will to Aus tralians he anything other than interesting visitors, whose advent brings us strangely in contact with one of the most tragic and lurid episodes of modern times, one which, though we have not yet left it three years behind, has already grown almost incredible. With all of their real for radical reform they will hardly be disposed to undertake to carry out any of their ideas in our Australian com munities. Even lite stirring occasion of a general election amongst as is not likely to attract these French exiles to intervene in our politics, with a view of realising bete projects that were so signally suppressed at home; otherwise, our constitutional diffi culties might receive a very speedy and simple solution. Tbe obstruction offered by a second Chamber to liberal legislation would soon disappear when treated by the bold and decisive measures familiar to tire heroes of the Commune. Mr. Francis's undertaking to adopt" every available means " of securing tbe passing of bis scheme of constitutional reform would possess a new and threatening significance if he could enlist the co-opera tion at men whose methods of political action are so pronounced as were those of the Communal Government of Paris. With the puaeis of the Executive wielded by men so little likely to leave any powers unused, we may confidently foretell that the Legis lative Council would para any scheme of reform that might be suggested to it, or—bat it would be unpleasant to particularise tbe alternative. However, we perhaps shall do quite as well to solve our difficulties in our own fashion, although that may not be so direct, so sweeping, bo effective as might be suggested to us by the counsels of these Bohemian statesmen of the great in surrection of 1871. 