Reminiscences in the Life of a Colonial Journalist. CONTINUE TO NARRATE—HOW PEOPLE LIVED DURING THE RUSH—THE CIVIL SERVICE—AND OTHER MATTERS. [BY "SNYDER."] AT the time I referred to in the close of my last, people were rushing from all parts of the world and concentrating themselves on the gold fields, or settling in the towns and cities, making making fortunes only to knock them down afterwards on the wildest and maddest of speculations. People—strong men and delicate women, who had come with their husbands from snug homes—slept under canvas or calico tents—un dergoing many privations and discornforte before reaching one or other of the gold-fields, to suffer privations, and still rougher treatment when they arrived there. Houses could not be run up fast enough, although a couple of smart car penters would think very little of knock ing three or four two-roomed cot tages together in a day and a-half, but then it would have scarcely been safe to have leant against the walls. These were let to tenants at from thirty shillings to forty shilling per week upon the stipulation that they bought their own chimney or did without oue, and find themselves iu locks and door handles. It was at this time I was in London under the medical trentment of an eminent physician, who, having taken twenty guineas, confided to me one day that there was really nothing the matter with me, but that possibly there might be if I selected London fog for a climate instead of the dry breezes of Victoria. So I left Lou don, briugiug with me the third of a ship-load of corrugated iron buildings, which included several cottages, a dissenting chapel, a fourteen roomed hotel, dance saloon, and two stores, all of corrugated iron. I Bold the whole of these to great advantage. But when the buyers took delivery, and began to erect them, it was discovered that the home manufacturer with whom I had con tracted, had omitted to ship the roofs, or if the roofs were all there the walls were not ; or, in case, as it did happen, the roofs and walls were correct, the staircases, or the chimneys, or the flooring-joists, or the wall-plates, were absent, or had been deemed unnecessary. The buyers came upon me for deficiencies, and the cost of supplying these in the colonial market exceeded the original price the buildings were constructed for. I wrote to the manufacturer for reimburse ment, and a more civil answer I could not pos sibly have received. He deeply regretted the circumstances, and enclosed me a copy of the de cree of the Commissioner in Bankruptcy, which intimated that he had been released from all his pecuniary responsibilities, and, further, had paid two and fourpence three-eighths in the pound to those who had proved their claims upon his estate. This contractor subsequently purchased a nobleman's mansion with a deer-park, and 600 acres of land. It was looked upon as a bar- gain at £90,000, which the contractor paid for uj hard cash. It was his boast, aa I have since heard, that in three years, he built as many iron houses as, placed in a line, would reach from BlackwalL where his factory was, to the White Horse Hotel at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, being a distanoe of 332 miles. I wish this contractor uo harm, and I hope he is happy. I shall not even reproach him should we oome together in a hap pier land in the next world. Other occupations I have followed in my miscellaneous career, such as dabbling in ship building, sinking for a vein of copper, and in doing so discovered a new kind of clay a geolo gist pronounced to be admirably adapted for fire- bricks, which would doubtless have been tlie case had the clay held together during the pro cess of baking, instead of departing in fragments and flying through the air in meteoric showers. I was the purchaser of the right to work the patent of an ice-making machine for the eight summer months of the year. But of the whole of that eight months, with the exception of one fortnight, the weather was so cold that people went out of doors with overcoats, and covered themselves over at night with extra blankets. The exceptional fortnight I have referred to set in blazing hot. Stoat men and women were visibly melting away ; vegetation was burnt up; the ground opened in dangerous fissures ; the thermometer stood at 120° (Fahrenheit) in the shade, and something beyond the memory of the oldest inhabitant in the sun. No such intense heat had ever been felt before, and the demand for artificial ice amounted to a mania. But this magnificent opening for making a mint of money waa denied me, for the boiler which worked the machine commenced leaking in many places. The water put out the fire in the furnace, in addition to which the pistou rod be came infirm of purpose and refused to have any further connection with the piston. A oouple of engineers, a boiler-maker, and two laborers contrived to put the whole of the ma chinery in order just as the hot nor'-wester had blown itself out, and by way of change set on from the snowy regions of the South Pole, with hailstones as big as small walnuts. It was about this time I became perfectly resigned and sub missive to anything which befel me. The thought of artificial ice was something to shud der at I was once a noble Volunteer in a crack corps, remarkable for the elegance of its uniform (scar let, with silver lace facings). I seldom put in an appearance at dri^ but attended all balls, parades, and evening gatherings whenever our colonel issued regimental orders that we were to appear in full dress. After a time, when the facings became soiled, and the scarlet uniform was perceptibly becoming of a dark, dirty, orange hue, I sent in my resignation, because a venal and corrupt Government had issued its ukase that if Volunteers wished for new uniforms they must provide them at their own expense. lam proud of having been a Volunteer, because it is to this that I acquired and retain to the present hour that commanding mien and military bear ing which has brought down upon me so much admiration on the part of the gentler sex. My great ambition at one time was to be con nected with a banking establishment. I have always thought, and I think so still, tliat if I were allowed to issue bank- notes, which I have been told cost somewhere about threepence each, while at the same time I could induce a con fiding public to accept them aa an equivalent for twenty shillings, I should be able to declare dividends in my own favor at least once a week, leaving at the same time large balances to go to the reserve fund. I have come now to think that I shall never be a banker. I onoe became involved in maintaining a large private boarding-house, at which no one was supposed to put up excepting members of the Civil Service ; but I was not many months in making the discovery that instead of the estab lishment supporting me, it did nothing more than contribute towards the support of the Civil Service. I never met with a more pleasant or a mow honorable set of fellows in my career through life. I could retire to my room of nights, leaving the private bar open with a slate and slate pencil placed on the bar table, and I am ready at any time to make affirmation that there was not a drink the Civil Service supplied themselves with but it was faithfully chronicled on the slate in the morning. If in the end I was not paid for these liquors, that has nothing to do with the question. I certainly could not fail to observe one peculiarity among my young patrons which I was puzzled to understand at the time, but the solution of which I think I have since come to know. That portion of the Civil Ser vice which patronised me never got their "screws." They were always just about going to get them, but never did quite. That's what they were wont to tell me. How, then, could they pay, when paid they had not been themselves ! I often wondered how they managed theatres, where no credit is given, and hotel bars, and little suppers at Mademoiselle Fontenoy's cosy establishment, and how it was bo many bo very frequently didn't oome home till daylight did appear. It was after long and serious meditation that, one morning, at the breakfast-hour, I asked my boarders whether they would partake of my hospitality in the shape of an oyster supper. They said they would, and they kept their word. They were splendid fellows, all of them. My health was drunk three times three and one cheer more in hot whisky of my own providing. In responding to the toast, I told my lodger guests how happy I had been in their Buciety for a period of so many months, but that circum stances required me to give up boarding-house keeping, which would occur at 9 o'clock the next morning. That was about the hour they would liave to depart, and soon after the hour named I had twenty-seven bedrooms, two par lors, and a, drawing-room vacant, and the same night I dreamed of a ghost being in the passage below. I found on inspection that I had on my books close upon three hundred pounds due by the Civil Service, of which amount I subsequently received nine pounds fifteen shillings. There was one little romance, which, if I re late, will be called to mind by many old colo nists. I couldn't say how many guineas I did not make by furnishing the newspapei-s with fullest details of the affair. How those details were varied to meet the tastes of readers, and the moral I drew from each, I will not now take upon me to say ; but for three weeks public attention was so arrested that politics, party strife, and the wrong-doings of a venal and most corrupt Government were quite lost sight of. A young man, well-dressed, and of most gentlemanly appearance, applied to me to take up bus quarters at my establislunent. I raised an objection to receiving him as he was not a member of the Civil Service, but he overruled this by saying that the money he paid me would be found to go quite as far and might be applied to as useful purposes as if it had come out of the Provincial Treasury chest. My thoughts run in the same direc tion, and so I yielded. He was anxious, he told me, to have a single- bedded room to himself, and this he was accommodated with. I question if a more inoffensive, harmless young man—a man tit for any lady's tea-party—could scarcely be found in any department of public life that 1 have been introduced to. He apiieared to be a close student, for he read books all day, and only weut out of nights, and then never when the moon was up. He was rather liked by the Civil Sen-ice lodgers, because they made the discovery that, if anj- of them were short of a sovereign for a supper at Madame Fontenoy's, he was always willing to assist them with a loan to that amount, and always said he would be content with repayment when the borrower received his "screw." Now it so happened that, three weeks after this gentleman hail taken up his abode with me a rather stout, well dressed man came to me, aud requested accom modation. He also wanted a single-bedded room to himself. He said he was in the Go vernment service, and never cared about sleeping where there were two beds in one apartment. The only objection I raised in my mind to the appli cation was that being in the Government sen-ice I might have to wait for my board money until he had got his screw, but he proved to be a highly exceptional case in this particular. I was almost startled and completely filled with doubt when he tendered the money for a fortnight in advance. What he stipulated for was that he should have room No. 19, which adjoined that of my quiet, studious, but mysterious lodger. This I managed to obtain for him by informing the then occupant that it had distressed me greatly to see him uncomfortably lodged when I had a much better room to place him in. It ap peared strange to me then, although it does not in the least _ appear strange now, that when the mysterious student remained in j his room that the gentleman in the Government Service also remained in his; and that when the mysterious student went out, Government Ber. vice went out immediately afterwards, when both Government Service and mysterious student would return about the Bame time. In the mat tor of three weeks it all came out. About 7 o'clock one evening, when the Civil Service had just dined, I was sent for upstairs, when I met the mysterious student with a pair of handcuff* on his wrists, and Government Service reading to him from a printed document. The secret was, that the student l>eing a bank clerk in Victoria, had absconded with bank moneys to the tune of £14,000, aud Govenunent Service was a detective constable who had been sent after him. The student received a sentence of fourteen years. He had a wife and three step- of stairs of young children. As not more than a thousand pounda was found on the student, and as his wife and children were re*x>rtod to be living in atthieuce, it is to be believed thnt the student had done the right thing in providing for them out of his assets. I think I have omitted to state that at one time the newspapers and agricultural journal* of Victoria became insane upon the subject of growing mangold wurtzel, which, if properly entered upon, would yield greater mines of wealth than the richest of gold-fields. It waa instanced that one man had grown ten acres of mangold wurtzel which had yielded eighty-two t. ns to the acre, and which he had disposed of at £5 per ton. With a good many others, I waa bitten. I too planted ten ncres of mangolds, and the yield was something under one hundred, weight for every three hundred-weight of manure I liad enriched the land witli. The mangold wurtzels were very small, but the thready fibres which were attached to them were very long and veiy numerous. These mangold wurtzels, on a limited scale, were like the comet of 1864—very little head and a large noiouut of tail Among the obituary notices received by the Torres Straits mail the names of Agnes Strick land and Howard Staunton are the moat familiar. Miss Agnes Strickland, third daughter of Thomas Strickland, Esq., of Reydon Hall, Suffolk, was born early in the century, aud mani fested even in childhood a taste for poetical com position, which was discouraged by her father. At twelve years of age she had composed many pages of a romantic chronicle in rhyme, called the " Red Rose," intended to commemorate the fortunes of the House of Lancaster, but her sibylline leaves were discovered and treated with such severe criticism by her father that ahe abjured rhyming for a time. After the death of her father she with her eldest sister com menced a regular course of study at the British Museum. Her most important works are a poem, in four cantos, " Worcester Field," which was eulogised by Thomas Campbell, and the " Lives of the Queens of England." In 1871 Miss Strickland received a pension of £100 from the Civil list in recognition of the merit displayed in her literary works. Miss Agnes Strickland's literary ability waa shared in some degree by her sisters. Her un married sister Elizabeth assisted in the produc tion of the " Lives of the Queens," and bore a part in several popular works for young people, which were issued under Agnes' name. A mar ried sister, Mrs. Traill, who subsequently with her husband emigrated to Canada, also wrote a number of works of considerable merit, about the best known being a guide to emigrants is sued under the title of "Experiences of the Wife of an Emigrant Officer," and a book for young people, "The Canadian Crusoes," which was edited by Agnes Strickland. Howard Staunton was born in 1810, and after completing his edu cation at Oxford settled in London and devoted himself to literary pursuits. It was not till a subsequent period that he acquired a knowledge of chess, to which he applied himself so assidu ously that in 1843 he challenged M. St. Amand, who had just beeu proclaimed the champion of Europe, and whom he succeeded in defeating. For several years past Mr. Staunton has devoted his attention mainly to general literature, and edited the " Illustrated Shakes] ieare" known as Koutledge's edition. This undertaking hail occupied much of his time, and his labors wei-e deemed so valuable as ty obtain for him £1000, the largett honorarium ever received by a Shakesperian editor. During Mr. Paul Morphy's visit to Eng land in 1858, it was expected that a match would have been arranged between him and Mr. Staun ton, but for some reason or other these players did not contend. Mr. Staunton has published at various times a number of works on Chess, and in 1865 produced a book entitled the "Great Schools of England," which was very favorably received. With reference to Mr. 11. H. Home's pension we find the following in the Civil Service Review ot June 20 :—" Her Majesty Ims approved of a civil list pension being awarded to Mr. R. H. Home, the veteran epic and dramatic poet. Mr. Home's claims were advocated during the premiership of Mr. Gladstone, by the poet laureate, Mr. Browning, Lord Houghton, and a most influential following of literary men and artists ; but it has been left for Mr. Disraeli to recognise snd recommend claims that were patent enough for Mr. Odger to liave seen, had he had the misfortune to be Firat Lord of the Treasury." We leani that in February, 1872, a memorial, signed by tbe poet laureate and a number of other distin guished writers, was presented to Mr. Gladstone by Mr. Tennyson, in which Mr. Horne'e claims were referred to as follows :- " Mr. H. H. Homo is the author of "Orion" andmauy other works iv poetry—dramatic and lyrical—wliich have long since received the highest eulogies from the highest quarters. His prose writings have beeu voluminous, dating from the year 18.2. Elabo rate repoi-ts and evidence were furnished by Mr. It. H. Home, as assistant commissioner on the ' Enquiry into the Employment of Children and Young Persons in Mines and Manufac tories,' in 1841-2; and tho undersigned would likewise request the attention of the First Lord of the Treasury to important public services of the same gentleman during his resi dence of seventeen years in Her Majesty's Aus tralian dependencies, which tlie Australian Government did not consider itself, legally, in a position to recompense. Mr. it. H. Home, being now of advanced age, feels anxious to withdraw from literary labors of an ephemeral class, and to devote such years as may remain for him to works of a more enduring character." We are informed that, in couHcquence of the large grant made to the late Dr. Livingstone's daughter, all the other pensions this year must be small, but tliat Mr. Home's will probably be doubled next year. A llr.-ei-iAN officer, whose impressions of a tour of military observation in Germany have been recently published in St. Petei-nburg, makes some interesting remark* on the tactic* lutely practised at the various mawiMivrcs he has witnessed. These were not on a large scale, but such as inuy be witnessed near any of the Prussian garrisons annually, coiisisthig, in fact, of exercises earned on in the open field for the purpose of instruct ing the junior officers practically. The sub alterns, for example, are for this purpose put in commaud of independent companies, m- even larger bodies, and execute combined operations with or against each other under the direction of a " general idea" prescribed for them by their commanding officer, which purposely leaver them considerable latitude. Tho most striking point noted by the observer was the invariable ctl'orts of the young officers to ile» all their tactical business by attacks in flunk. This tendency, he remarks, has become a very pronounced one throughout the Prussian Horviie, und has its origin in the conviction that front attacks made in face of the breech loader will almost invariably fail. But there are decided dangers attaching to it, since to make this use of troops implies dividing them ; and, however good the general rule, it will pmliably prove very unsafe to carry out Htich a weakening process with small bodies. If a youug officer iiuds himself in front of an enemy with 1 f.O men under him, he forth witli sends a third of them to try his favorite muuu.-uvr., and exposes him self, of course, to Imj beaten in detail. The lti» sian officer dec-lures that the Germans continually repeat in their field exercises exactly the K-uxe errors which are observable in all other armies when out for sham warfare. "There is the same boldness when approaching the enemy's position, the same disdain for his direct lire, the same indifference to the security of your own flanks, the same necessity for the chief- to be constantly reminding the combatants of what would happen if the affair were real." In short, these acute comments confirm the opinion that, as omelettes cannot be made without breaking eggs, so battles cannot be imitated to the lit. when there is no danger of death. 