OBITUARY NOTICE. Dibd nt Gympio, October 1, 1874, the Local Mining Court, Bora August, 1803. May it real in pilots. Alas, how times and men have changed ! Who that remembers the late Local Court in the height of its prime, in those jolly, turbulent, rough old days of '68, '69, and '70, when its now dilapidated Hall rang with the eloquence of rival mining oracles, and when it dared to defv. when occasion arose, even the great Queensland Go vernment itself — who, we say, that reflects on the thrilling periods in the history of the lamented defunct, does not feel stricken with surprise that the once famed and mighty Local Court should have been allowed thus quietly to yield up the ghost, to sneak out of existence, as it were, almost unnoticed, ? ' Unwept, unhonorod, and unsung.' That it should como to this : that this institu tion, tho only offspring of the Local Court clauses of the old Goldfields Act, should weather the numberless fierce denunciations and murder ous threats hurled against it for five years by its enemies ; that it should have defied even the power of the Executive Council to deprive it of existence unless by a special Act of Parliament ; and yet that it should tamely stifle into the grave with its aged parient 20 Victoria No. 29 without the slightest sign of sympathy from the com munity with whose interests it has been identified for so long ! Ah. well, 'tis the way of this, thank less and forgetful world. It is nsual in an obituary notice of this kind to recall sundry passages in the life of the de censed ; and we now propose to do so, with a view to ' point a moral,' if not to ' adorn a tale.'' There have been sundry of the irreverent in times gone by who have not scrnpled to declare that the exercise of the powers and functions of the Local Court in its legislative capacity was at the best a contemptible apeing of the Collective Wisdom at the great metropo litan Palaver-Shop — 'playing at Parliament' in fact. To such heartless, indecent, and untimely' sneers as this we might forcibly reply— De Mortuis nil nisi bonutn. But why should we evade the charge ? No, we scorn to take refugo behind a Latin quotation which comparatively so few people will under stand. Our selections from tho recorded history of the departed will therefore be found to throw considerable light upon this grave qnestion, and ?vepla.ee them before our readers, confidently believing that they will — form their own opinions on the matter. It seems that it wos not until about the end of 1868 or the beginning of 1869 that anything very exciting in connection with the Local Court took place, with the exception of the much-vexed problem of protectionregis tration, upon which a majority of the members of the Court held views that were far too con- ! servative to please the sovereign people. ' In- i dignation meetings' and 'rolls-up' were then | quite common out-door amusements — to the gratification of the publicans on Commissioner's I Hill. By the way, we once saw Host Foos deliberately carry away the table used as the orators' ' stump' from the front of tho Court House and place it (with a keen eye to business) against his own verandah. The protection-registration movement having partly blown over, the next grievance was the £1 fee levied by. the Commissioners before hear ing cases. The Looal Court wrote to the Attor ney-General on the Biibjeot, asking whether a Commissioner could levy this fee. This is the snub they got from Mr. Lilley :— 'He may, but tho Clerk of the Local Court should be informed that the Attorney-general is not the adviser of the Local Courts. They must read tho law for themselves ; and if in error thoy would be sot right by the Supreme Court. Any othor course would constitute the Attorney-General tho universal judge and referee of those minor juris dictions, and that without hearing the causes and evidence of complaints. (Signed) ' 0. L.' The members waxed wroth over this, for in those days they held their heads pretty high. Just afterwards up cropped protectionregis tration again ; we mention the fact merely to note that Dr. Byrne, M.L.O. (who had become a member of the Local Court on the strength of a pledge that ho would undertake the character of ' a firebrand'), uttered a solemn prophecy that the Court would not be in existence in another two months. This wub in January, 1869, or about four years and nine months bofore tho Court really did join the Great Majority ; so that we can scarcely compliment our old friend thu Doctor on his ' straight tip.' Tho legislative meetings of the Lical Court wero becoming more and more vigorous in tone — 'rowdy,' some people said; so Mr. De Courcy Browno, M.L.C., solemnly moved a proposition to tho effeot that certain acts, words, or. omissions on the part of members should be punishable as 'contempt.'. It was shrewdly suspected that this stern course of action was a blow at Mr. Browne's great rival Dr. Byrne, and the latter hon. member evidently took it as such, for we find the following indignant out burst recorded : — : Dr. Bymo said that one would_ suppose they were legislating f-- r a den of ruffians, instead of represen tatives of the poople, supposed to be inon of educa tion and capable of conducting thomsolves with ordinary decency. Rather than be subject to such a penal regulation, that would be an insult both to himself and those who elected him, he would resign his seat. But a, more tremendous event soon stirred the indignation and fury of the Local Conrt to their, profoundest depths, and roused the slumb ering British Lion in the breasts of the leading hon. members. The Government had taken it into its head that the gold-miners must be com pelled to pay a stamp duty of seven and six ponce, and upwards upon mining transfers, and had , instructed the ' officials to levy it. Mr. Browne was to the fore with a motion that the proposed tax was ' unjust in principle, oppres sive in character, dangerous to the public peace,' and so forth ; and it cannot be denied that the whole community endorsed the plucky (and eventually successful) stand mado by the now lifeless Local Court on this memorable occasion. Dr. Byrne, however, with characteristic wrong headedpess, chose to side with the Government. He said that the Government could not 'swindle' anyone, and during the row that ensued he termed Mr, Browne's language ' ' sedi tious. ' The following passnge-at-arms may be found interesting by many who remember those fine old times .: — Mr. Browne Baid : By the second paragraph of the motion tho Court pledged itself to resist by every legitimate means the imposition of this obnoxious duty as dangerous to the public peace — (Dr. Byrne : Sedition): — as a dishonest imposition on the already taxed miner. DK' Byrne : The language is seditious. Mr. Browne : The language is not seditious. I call Mr. Byrne to order. Dr. Byrne : I say it is seditious, and I feel it my duty to protest against it as an officer of the Crown who has fought under the banner of the Queen's Government for several years. (Hear, hear ; and laughter. ) Mr.'Browne : I don't come' here to be taunted with sedition by an obscure person like Mr. Byrne. To hear thiB new addition to the Commission of the Peace oharging me with sedition ! My loyalty and that of my family is too well known that I should, care to be taunted with disloyalty by any colonist of Queensland. I came here to defend the rights of those who sont me, and to raise my humble voice against the oppression of the Ministry. I hurl back the taunt of Dr. Byrne upon him with the contempt it merits. Note.- There was a considerable amount of this 'hurling' going on at nearly every meet ing. Messrs. Browne, Byrne, Milligan, and Poole were the principal hurlists.' Mr. Hamilton used to look on as if he thought the whole thing the belligerents behind the Court-house. Mr. King, the Chairman, evidently thought these little affairs a ' baw' ; and his successor, Capt. Townley, used to interfere in his well-bred gentlemanly style with a deprecating ' Gentle men, gentlemen' ! but with no effect, as the squabblers naturally had no idea he meant them. It may be worth while, in view of subsequent events, to mention that the Balance Sheet of the Local Conrt up to March, 1869, showed a credit balance of £146 19s. 8d. As usual in such cases, a sum like this could not be allowed to rest ; it must be reduced somehow, and Dr. Byrne at once came to the front with an original proposal : That, seeing the Court has ,i surplus fund in hand, it bo. appropriated to publishing a weekly 'Ga- zette,' to be called the 'Gyfnpie Local Mining Court Gazette,' wherein all applications for aban doned shares, together with all registrations^ shall appear ; each member to be entitled to a copy. Now there was more beneath this than meets the eye. Dr. Byrne (it came out afterwards) was dissatisfied because Mr. Critchley, the Clerk of the Court, did not do his speeches justice in the Minute Book ; and a motion was actually carried to the effect that the Clerk was to report the speeches 'as nearly verbniim as possible.' We prosume that Mr. Critchley at once went in heavily for Pitman's Shorthand. It was evident that the next step was to have these verbatim speeches published in the aforesaid Local Oourl Qazette ; but this well-meant and promising literary scheme somehow came not off. The members soon found another way to reduce the snug balance. ' Browne's Mission' will long be remembered by the old identities of Gympio. Mr. Browne had been sent to Brisbane to revise the promised Goldfields Regulations for the Government on behalf of tlie Local Court and at the expense of the latter. * Mr, Browne, perhaps unavoidably, went through a good deal of money in a very short time, and his little bill soon totted .up to £60. Need we say that Browne's great anta gonist the Doctor jibbed furiously at this 1 He was supported by Mr. Goodwin, and these heroic two formed the protesting minority. The 'Mission' produced a rapid decrease in the aforesaid snug balance, and thore were sundry very special meetings to consider reports from | the Mission-ary, Mr. Browne. It was at one of these meetings that Mr. Milligan, with a flash of his former genius, uttered those memorable words, in allusion to Dr. Byrne, — viz., 'that foul and rotten source.' Strange to relate, the ' Gympie Times' termed this classical utterance ' unparliamentary.' If our readers fancy that the pnblio looked on quietly all this time they are mistaken. No j j the working miners , didn't seem to see the ' ' Mission' in the proper light, and consequently responded with great spirit to frequent demands for indignation meetings, where Dr. Byrne, and Messrs. Newell and Co. poured the kerosene of their eloquence upon the flames of popular wrath — if we may bo allowed to copy the stylo of oratory nffectod on those occasions. The follow ing is a fair specimen : — Dr. Byrne said that although 'he was one of the uninvited, he must say that this was a miners' and not a buBinesB men's meeting. (Hear, hear.) In reference to his position in the Local Court, he re marked that when elected he had mado three pro mises — first, to have a row. Well, ho had a row. Second, to overturn the clique — he had overturned it— (laughter)— third,- to smash up the Local Court ; ho was now watching its dying struggles. (Oh, oh, and great laughter.] He stood now upon a pedestal ho had raised for himself, and ho defied anybody to drag him down. (Cheers and laughter.) Ah, those were the times ! Our deceased institution was then at the zenith of its power. Who, we repeat, could have foreseen tho melan-* choly end ! Tho spirit of the Local Court hath left its frail tenement — frail indeed, for it refuses to survive and has been rapidly breaking up (or down) for some time past. Soon not a vestige of its former greatness will remain. Straining our mental vision to pierce the future of Gympie, we seo (a la Macaulay) a Newsa aboriginal chief tain seated on Commissioner's Hill, pensively contemplating what was once the noble pile of the Local Court buildings, and endeavoring with his primitive materials to sketch its ruins. Sie transit*glorta mundi ! 