Useful Eecipes. Flinn EGGS.-To ascertain tho ugo and consequent fresh- ness of nu ogg : Dissolve 120 grammes of salt in a litre of water. If the egg is ono duy old it will sink to the bottom ; if it was laid the day before, it will not reach tho bottom ; If three days old it floats ; and if more than five lt comes to tho surface and the shell projects moro and more according to the staleness. LIMK AS PRESERVATIVE OF WOOD.-A writer In Cham- bers's Journal snys that certain facts have been mude known which show Hint limo is a good preserver of timber. Slaps and bergcB used tor the transport of limo lust longer than others. A sundi coasting schooner, loaded with limo, wes cast ashore and sunk. Bile was raised und set afloat once more, and remained sound for thirty years. Again, a platform of niuo planks was »ised to mix water on during three {generations ; then, being no longer required, was neglected, and at length hidden by grass that grew over it. Sixty years afterwards it was discovered sound and well preserved. WATHHPKOOF TWEED.-A writer In a scientific paper says : " By the way, speaking of waterproofs, I think I can give travellers a valuable hint or two. Good tweed can bc made entirely impervious to rain, and, moreover, I have learned to make it so ; and, for the benefit of your readers, I will give tho recipe: In-a bucket of soft water, put half a pound of sugar of lead, and half a pound of powdered ulum ; stir this at intervals, until it becomes clear, then pour it off into another bucket and put tho garment therein.and let it bo in for twenty four hours, and then hang it up to dry without wringing it. Two of my party-a lady ana gentleman-Iiave worn gar- ments thus treated in tho wildest storms of wind and ruin, without getting wet. The rain lungs upon the cloth in globules. In short, they wero really waterproof. Tho gentle- man, a fortnight ugo, walked nine ndles in u storm of ruin and wind such as you rarely see in tho south, and when ho slipped off Ins overcoat, Iiis underware was ns dry as when ho put it on. This is, I think, a secret worth knowing; for cloth, if it can bc made to keep out wet, is, in every way, batter than what we know us waterproofs. "Wbyis a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow 1 Because he sticks at nothing. Mon born blind can't be carpenter's, b¿caus3 they never saw. What is that which has a mouth, but never speaks, and « bed in which it never sleeps P-A river. If tho burglars carry off your plate, why is it right t -Because it's not left. ^MATCHLESS MISERY-Having a cigar and nothing to light it with. A new papor in Texas starts out with tho announce- ment that "in religion we are conservative, and we in- tend to adhere to tho cash system " To take down tho gridiron from the nail where it is hanging, with tho left hand, is a sign that there will bo a broil in the kitchen. A lady wished a seat. A portly handsome gentleman brought ono and seated the lady. ' . Oh, you're a iowel," said sho. "Ohne," ho replied. "I'm a jewelor. I have juBt set tho jewel." A fond husband boasted to a friend. " Tomi tho old woman came near oalling melloney last night. ' ''Cid sho, BillP Whatdid she say?" .'.«.he said,'Well, old Beoswax, como to supper.' " Jack and Gill were coming down the hill the other morning, when Gill flopped heavily on her back. Says Jack, "Now you mind me of a goose." " Why ?" in- quired Gill. "Because" was the exasperating reply, " you've got down on you back," Did the man who ploughed seas, and afterwards planted his foot upon native soil, ever harvest bis crops ? Our school-boy remarks that when his teacher under- takes to show him what is what, he only finds out which is switch. A witness, in describing a certain event, said, "The person I saw at the head of the stairs was a man with one eye named Wilkins." " What was the name of his other eye ?" spitefully asked the opposing counsel. The witness was disgusted with tho levity of the audi- ence A lawyer and a parson were talking about whioh way the wind was. The former Baid, wo go by tho court, house vane." "And wo." replied the parson, "goby the church vano." ''Well," Buid the lawyer, " in the matter of wind, tbat is tho best authority :" and the i irrnnn want, ir* nnniin.fji. THU following conversation is reportad to haro oe currad botwcea a British tourist and a steamboat pilot ! ,l That is «lack Mountain?" YOB, Sir; the highest mountain abovo Lake George." " Any story or legend connected with that mountain P" " Lots of 'om Two (.vers went up to that mountain once aud never came bick aguiu." Indeed t' Why P What became of them ?" " Went down ou tho other sido " To dream of a small stone around your neck is a Bign of what you may expect if you gat an extravagant wife, -lo soe apples ia a dream botokons a wedding, because whoro you find apples j ou may expect to find pears.-To dream that you aro Ixu.o botokons that you will got into a hobblo.-When a young lady dreams of a collin it bo tokens that sho should instautly discontinuo the uso of tight stays, and always go warmly and thickly shod m ?wet woathor.-To droam of fire is a sign that-if you taro wiso-you wilt sea that thu lights in,your houaoare 'out h fore you go to bod. 