FISHER'S GHOST. To tiie Editor. Sm, — Can you furnish me with answers to tha following questions ? Where can I get an authentic account of the appearance o£ Fisher's apparition ? What judge tried the murder case, and who were the magistrates before whom the preliminary examinations were made? Where did the trial take place, and when ? Your obedient servant, A READER. ['An authentic account' of what never hap pened will be rather difficult to find. The Fisher's ghost story is a remarkable instance of the te nacity with which superstitious and credulous people continue to cling to a belief in liei, even long after they have been exposed and refuted. It is true that an old man named Fisher was mur dered at Campbelltown, and that the man who murdered him was convicted and hanged in Sydney. This was in 1832, and the report of the trial will be found in the Sydney Gazette for that year. There is not, of course, a syllable about a ghost in the 'authentic account' of the case. That part of the story was not invented until six or seven yeara afterwards, and first made its ap pearance in the Australian Magazine — a little monthly publication issued, if we remember rightly,' in 183S. In this ingeniously contrived fiction, founded upon facts, the ghost part of the etory is eo artfully interwoven with the real names, dates, and circumstances, that many people, who ought to have kno -m better, received the whole account as truth. The story created some sensation at the time, and no doubt answered the purpose of the writer in bringing his magazine into notice. Some two or three years afterwards (in 1841), this story, having been copied into other publications, and widely circulated, gave rise to a lengthened series of discussions on the subject of ghosts in a debating class at the Sydney School of Arts. The believers in ghosts were many, and would in all probability — in consequence eft! wide-spread belief in the reality of Fisher's ghost I — have carried the vote by mere weight of sum- f bers against their more sensible opponents, but for one circumstance. The writer of the glrnst \ fltory had given the name of the person whs, he said, \ saw the ghost (a respectable resident of Campball town), and through whose instrumentality the murderer actually had been brought to justice. This gentleman, on seeing his name in the papers in con nection with bo absurd a matter (in the reports of the ghost debates at the School of Arts,) imrrie -diately wrote to the Herald, giving a statement of the real facts, and indignantly exposing the false hood of the ghost part of the story, which, he said, bad not a shadow of foundation in fact, and re tpectisg which nothing had been heard at the time of the discovery of the murder, cor for years afterwards. The letter to which we refer will be found in the files of the Herald for the year 1841 — we forget the exact date. We give this somewhat lengthy statement, without having the slightest expectation of being able to convince silly and credulous people that the Fisher's ghost story is untrue — for the exposure has been several times made without effect — but as illustrating the re markable vitality of lying statements, when they appeal to the superstitious notions of ignorant people. — Ed.J William Eowewell, aged about 59 years, and a gardener at Amcliffe, met with his death on Saturday afternoon. While driving home in bis cart through the bush off the Bockv Point-road, the cart was upset, and deceased was killed. Ue was last seen alive at Burden's public-bouse, on the Cook's River-road, and was then under the influence cf liquor. An inquest will be held at half-past 9 this morning, at the Tempe Hotel, Cook's River. 