THE HAMILTON HURDLE RACE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MBHOcTRY. Sirs-I should not have troubled you on the above but as! Correspondent," in this morning's issue, makes great mistakes, which are excusable for short- sighted people. He says he was on the bank, is' about " CO yards from the hurdle which it is stated " Monte Christo" did not jump, and as he was therefore standing on the lefthand side, how is it possible for him to tell that the lion did not jump across the end of the hurdle. I quite agree with Correspondent " that had there been a Ung, " Monte," or his rider, would have knocked it down, as he j uni pod at the hurdle and struck the outside of it with his near hind leg, whereby his body did not pass over the hurdle. " Correspondent " also states that from the beautiful style of Monte Christos jumping, that the doughty Nimrod had not the ghost of a chance with him. Perhaps " Correspondent " will be kind enough to explain how it was that the doughty Nimrod was able, to, race through the hurdles which Monto knocked down, as he is such a beautiful jumper. I entered and rode Nimrod, and at the time of Monte jumping the hurdle (as "Correspondent" states) was close behind him. Nimrod followed Monte's bad example, and knowing neither horse had jumped according to the rules of racing, I turned and got over at the second time of asking, After weighing in, deplored a written protest against Monto for not lumping the second hurdle, and requested the stewards (as I was a stranger in the district) to decide 'jt At once, as I could not expect those who saw the affair to come to Hamilton that night to give evidence ; but they (the stewards) were quite indifferent about it. In the evening, at si tiling, I enquired if they had considered the protest, and was informed that the hon. secretary had not handed in the protest, and it could not be ontettojiioí}. Tip secretary, however, stated that he offered the protest to two of the stewards, and they refused take it. It is but fair to one of the stewards (Mr J. Parker to say that although he said he would rather Mr. Langdon win than myself, still he was quite satisfied that Monte Christo did not jump the hurdle. I hope the next time " Correspondent " gives his opinion on a race he will sign his name, so that the racing public may take it for what it is worth. v.. R "are. Sir, yours respectfully, I THOMAS Awm JR 