PABKE3. Jnly 20. buice ray last tbe weather baa been all that oould be desired at this season of tlte year, rit., frosty nights and cold fine days. The roads are drying up, so I've no doubt bnt if ft still continues fine we shall hare a very respectable escort next month, for some of the claims on WGuiggan's ore washing up well, some of them going over two ounces to the load ; and from the prospeots obtained generally from the claims extend ing fromiH'Guiggan'6 prospecting claim down to tbe second prospecting claim, I should faiujy it will turn oat a really i god lead. True it is not turning ont a Black Lead or Happy Valley in richness, still there are I should say fully twenty claims whloh will, if taken care of, place the shareholders In a very independent position, I saw the other A»r while st . one of the puddling machines, a panel ot gold I should think weighing ibout 1st ounces, tbe result of two ioucMn.es of dirt. In my next I will give the exact result of the washings from severe! of tbe claims as they will uave finished washing earl/ this week. Business appears to be improving also on this lead, the miserable small bark shanties are giving way to good substantial irou or weatherboard buildings, and many of the shanty keepers are also disappearing with them, and giving wav to a. more legitimate class of business men. At the London Lead there has also been some, improvement dnring tbe week. The paddocks of wasbdirt are increasing both in number and in eke very fast, and the only drawback at present experienced ie the wansof washing acaommadaUan but as there are several puddling machines being erected I have ne doubt bnt tula want will be supplied in a few weeks. Shares on this lead ore changing hands for fair prices, two shares sold in No. 18 this week for £60 eaoli, aod as ranch as £210 has be«n offered and refused for a share in some of the claims on this -lead, but it must not be supposed that this is the rule on this gold field for by far the greatest number are only about wages claims, and I believe there is a great quan tity or unopened ground on thla field that will turn cut very' payable. At the Ben Nevis as well there is a little improve ment ; but the value of tbe lead cannot be ascertained until there ore a few washing!* np. On both these leads confidence nppcarjV to bo completely established as to their payableness. During the week there has been two sew rushes, cne to some new ground back of the London totfn&bip;, this is called tbe Little Wonder : the ground is about 40 feet deep and and Jas there is a sood depth of wash a little gold will pay, the other was to the Band of Hope Gully. Tue prospectors washed six loads for about three ounces of gold, a fine sample, pieces varying in size from abont 8 dwts. down to fine gum. They -report depth of wash about 15 Indies, sinking about 20 feet; this is considered very payable. Atjthe Gilgies they are still sinking away, but have gat nothing payable yet. I forgot to mention that tbe I»wer prospectors on fi'Guiggan's Lead pulled the flag down again lost week, it appears that they osii't get pay able prospects any way regular, and some are beginning to tbink that tbe lead will not be payable across the creek, hut this is not satisfactorily proved yet. Attlie Welcome, Richard son's Gully, and the Frenchman's, there are a great many i parties still at work witb. profitable results. Tuere has also j been payable prospects obtained in two claims, in a small gully brandling off the eoutherniside of 'lie Bushman's Lead I near Mclntyre! paddling machines. At the east side of the. creek on tbe Great Northern Lead, the water gat into several of tbe claims, and so completely swamped them out that | they will have to sink fresh shafts, and I fear that some of them will bare ? deal of trouble to get properly under way again, as the creek made a clean breach right through some of thorn by overflowing into one ef tbe shafts. This is a great loss to them, as some of them bad only just got fairly on the sold, and most of them had only just got their ground in working order. But there appears to be a great difficulty jn tracing tbe lead beyond the prospecting claim on this lead. Tlierc is it party trying some ground sear tbe Dayspring engine ; it is said that gold was obtained there tome years In quartz mining I have nothing fresh to report. The reef mentioned in my last, situated near U'Guiftgan's Lead, still looks well ; and upon tbe whole I may safely state that min ing in this district is in a healthy condition. True, there are a great number here tbat are Baton cold, but of course tbat is tbe case en all large rushes ; bnt I believe there would be a much larger number oq gold if they gave up tbat miserable system of shepherding for two hours a da}', and go to work like men. It is a great pity to see hundreds of able-bodied men daily for several months dome only tbe work of little cnildren. I hope the Mining Board will make a law compell inc every man who marks out a claim to represent it for at icaBt 6 hours out of every 24, within 24 hours after taking possession of it, for Idont see why a man should be protected in holding a claim against a bona-iide worker, iust because he happened to be on the ground, and stuck four pees in it ; but did nothing more for a month, save lie on the claim for about an hour and a half each day, and prly for holidays «o that be may be exempt from doing that same, so you may depend that if they were compelled to be oa tbe ground 6 oours cadi day while shepherding, they would booh get tired o( it, and would go to work and prove the ground, - I noticed a few weeks ago about forty men and boys shep herding for over a week, and the deepest of the ground was. not more than IS feet. I heard of a man who shepherded a claim somewhere in Victoria, (that country of Immaculate ^lining Legislators) for nine months, and then decided to sink, and bottomed tbe hole at 2 feet. Only fancy the number of chances that man must have lost by taking Dine months to consider whether be would sink that 2 foot hole or iiot. The Government lias at last sent us a Clerk ef Petty Sessions from Sydney. I' wish they would send us a littles more from Sydney, asd return us Home of the money we aie paying them every month. I dont think Mr. Armstrong can feel very muoh in love with trs quarters, for »s I have re peatedly stated, they have to answer for court house, mess-room, magistrate's room, and polioebar vacks all in one, and not an article ot furniture save one form, and a few pine boards placed on iron ti-essels. I em sure the prisoners in tbegaols of tbe colony ore much better accommodated than the Government officials at Barkes, I hope Mr. Armstrong will stir them up with respect to tbe new court-bouse, and give them a rap at the same time about tbe telegraphnnd mails. We sent down tt petition, witb 1200 signatures, about three weeks age, asking for another mall per week, and I hear nothing 'further about it#et, aeittieVis there a word about the telegraph, which we should have had here eighteen months ago. Mr. Parkas, I hope, will not for get his offspring altogether, for I am sure it bos borne a very faircharaoter 6' for. He should see that it gets a fair share of its blrthrigut.orelse it may be strangled in its infancy : if so, its blood be upon its godfather's bead, and may the ghost of ruined homesteads and deserted villages haunt his parliamen tary Me as long as it lasts. Our J.P .'sore likely to have rather a lively time of it, as there are only two of them »o sit gene rally, and the warden has such a large district to attend to that lie can't Ei ve much of bit time at the police-court. On the 14th instant before Thomas Tern and H. H. Cook', tbe following applications far publican's licenses were ad journed for seven days and fourteen days respectively, viz,, Jeremiah Finn, seven days ; Michael Hereachty, John I J. Hayes, William Townend, Phillip Kn»x, and Heury Har rner for Hdays,theirh«usesnot being finished. Here Mr. Tom the bench, and Mr. Twaddell, J.P.. took his eeat. Edward Ermfn wasthenchareed by Constable DuSywith using ob ecene language in a public place ; plea not guilty. However the bench, after hearing tbe evidence, considered the case proven, and fined, him £3 or fourteen days in tbe lockup. The fine was paid. ' It is well tbat the magistrates make those gentlemen who cause so much trouble pay dearly for it. Thomas Itack alias Tommy Tell-a-Iie, was brought up on re mand, cbarped with cattle stealing. Senior-constable Purcel! deposed that on tbe 2nd Instant prisoner admitted, having shot the beast, but Slid be did it under the directory of another party whom be thought was the owner of it. Herbert Bobert Hampton, a roan in .the employ of Mr. loely, of Goimbia, deposed : That be heard a balf-caste was ont trucking cattle supposed to hare bsen stolen, and in the evening saw a man driving some cattle, and the half-caste saw him shoot one of them. He followed the man, wbo proved to be an aboriginal1, to a honse some 400 yards diBtnnt. wuen a man snng out, ' Did you shoot itf' The uackiejlow replied, ' Yes,' The man inside then while in tbe act of coming out, said 'Is it fat P' Prisoner replied, 'Yes, a good kan-i goroo.' The stranger was then noticed, when the oonversa tion changed. Bobert Boms then gave similar evidence. Thomas Tom, a magistrate ef the territory and a crazier, i deposed : That be had last several cattle lately, and that the beast in question waf bis property, baring lib registered brand on her, besides other marks. The prisoner had no questions to ask, end was fully committed to stand his trial at tbe Forbes general sessions to be hoWcn on the 24 tU August next. John James Hayes was then cuargsd with being accessory to the above fetony before the fact ; plea/not guilty. The evidence against bim was simply the same as that in tbe previous cose with tbe exception that the- senior-constable produced a stock return showing tbat lie did aot own nay cattle. Thomas Mack was brought as a witness against him, bnt Mr. Edwards, solicitor, who defended Hayes, objected to Ills evidence being taken, on some legal point. But Tommy Tell-a-lie, settled the question, by not knowing tbe nattn-e of on oath ; however, tbe bench thought there was evidence enough to commit him for 'trial also. Bail allowed. Jobn Jonra was charged by Joseph Ogle witb obiaJninR money tinder false pretences by selling a share which he had no ri£ht to. Bowerer, evidence was produced showing that plaintiffs light to tbe share w»s never disputed. Prisoner was at once aiscafliged. A melancholy accident, inch as frequently occors on the diggings, tosk place at Farkes on Tuesday eveninp. A man, Thomas M'OutcWen, sot killed by a fall of earth voile work ing in the drive in No. 2 Bushman's Lead, A magisterial inquiry was held in tbe Ptrkes Hotel, when it was proved tbat death was caused bv accident. Be was buried the next day. H» was a young man who was much respect&t; by all whs knew bim. 