ENGLISH NEWS. d.\y of intercession for foreign missions. The Archbishop of Canterbury has issued a letter inviting to the new observance of a day of supplication and thanksgiving on behalf of fcrei missions. In sending it for publication, the Rev. H. Wright, Hon. Secretary of the Church Missionary Society, says : "A feature of new and special interest in the present in stance is his Grace's extension of the invitation to the members of other Protestant Missionary Societies, besides those belonging more exclu sively to the Church of England. There were many such, both in Great Britain and other countries, who spontaneously joined with us in the similar observance of last year, and we have ron to hope that there will be still more this year who will gladly avail themselves of the opportunity of thus uniting at the throne of grace for the great and holy objects which we have in common. We trust that thus there may be secured an observance yet more general, and .an union of heart and desire yet more wide and deep, than was manifested on the 20th of December last, to be followed by more copious showers of heavenly blessing than have yet fallen upon the vast pastures of the heathen wilderness. The need of a further increase both of labourers and of resources will still be kept in mind, but the committee of this society are disposed to recommend to their friends and sup porters that the prominent subject of desire and prayer should be the putting forth of the power of the Holy Ghost, stirring up the native churches to a higher standard of holiness and zeal, and leading many among the heathen to acknowledge the Lord Jesus Christ as the power of God and the Avisdom of God. We c.annot doubt but that blessing is a'ouchsafcd in pro portion as the truth is realized and acted upon, that 'poAver belongeth unto God.' " His Grace's letter is as follows: — " Lambeth Palace, S. E., August 20, 1873. " My dear Sir, — God's blessing has manifestly attended the Day of Intercession for missionary Avork, in Avhich so many of us joined last ye.ar. It seems to me very desirable that, on some day toAvard the close of the present year, Ave should ajiproach God with our united interces sions on behalf of our missions, and that \ye should give humble and hearty thanks to Him for the progress Avhich h.as been made during the last twelve months. I Avould suggest Wed nesday, the 3rd of December, as a suitable d.ay, and I .am glad to believe that your society con curs aa'ith me in the desirableness of encouraging those interested in missionary Avork thus to unite in prayer and thanksgiving. The field of missionary labour is so vast, and the efforts Avhich Avo have yet been able to make arc so sm.all .Avhen compared Avith the magnitude of the task before us, that, besides the duty of thus approaching God, it seems very desirable that an oiDportunity should be taken to stir up the minds of Christians to greater zeal |in the inis- sionai-y cause. Praying God to bless all efforts for the extension of our Lord's kingdom, " I am. voirrs faithfully in Christ Jesus, " A. C. Cantuar. " The Rev. H. Wright, Seeretary of the Church Missionary Society." anti- ritualistic meetings. A numcrously-.atteiided meeting Avas held in the Cutlers' Hall, Sheffield, on the evening of the 8th ult., to protest ag.ainstthe attempt noAV being made to introduce auricular confession into the Church of England. The meeting was presided over by Mr. T. Turner (a former " Master Cutler "), and addresses Avere delivered by the Rev. G. 'W. Weldon, Rev Canon Sale, Mr. W. C. Lang, Rev. J. Battersby, and the Rev. Dr. Potter. Resolutions in a:cordauce a\rith the object of the meeting Avere .adopted. At Manchester, Birmingham, and Leicester, also, the largest h.alls have been filled to over- 'lloAving by .audiences Avho li.ave protested against the attempt now being made by the Eomanizers in the Church of England to introduce' the confessional. The Council of the Church Asso- nirovm en nil nnvn/ial-. Protestants for the vigour Avith Avhich tin y ore prosecuting this anti- confessional c.ampaign in the provinces,for it is under their auspices that the meetings in question have been held. prayer for sunday-, schools. The zealous efforts .of the Sunday-school Union in promoting the scriptural teaching of the young by its periodical examinations .and other means, deserve the Avarmest commendation. Its committee, hoAvevcr, acting upon the good old motto. Ova el luhora, and fully aAvare hoAV v.dueless are their exertions Avithout the divine blessing, are desirous that those Avho c<aunot otherwise assist in the good Avoi'k, as Avell as all Avho are actively engaged in it, shall unite in in tercession for a blessing on Sunday-schools, and for an out- pouring of the Holy Spirit on teachers and scholars. The 19th and 20th of October have been fixed upon for this purpose. 