TIMOTHY. 33t the Geace 01? God and of the Aros tolic See Bishop of AmiiDALE. To fho Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of i Avm.id.ole. llV.Y. A2TD DEAKLY ' BELOVED BltETJIREIs and CraLDBE^ in J'CiiEiST. — The Holy Reason of Lent conies round once more ?with its teachings and warnings — with its joys and sorrows — with1 its duties and obligations. The Holy Catholic Church, which Christ established ;on 'earth, and left in His own stead to teaon ana guicie mamuna, aaaressos jierself to the'-minds and hearts of men during this Holy Season. Convinced as she is that the promises of Christ to her shall riot fail — assured that Christ himself is with her all days, even to the consummation of the world —that the Holy Ghost, 'the Spirit of Truth, continues to ' teach her all things, and to abide with her for ever — mindful of her mission to teach all nations all truths, and the observance , of all things what soever He has commanded, — slip alone oti earth can speak authoritatively to man ; she makes her voice heard to the ends of the earth. In these days of salvation she warms and exhorts all to do penance, and be converted to the Lord their God. Sbe reminds man of his origin': ' Remem ber man, that thou art dust, and into dust thou shalt return.' She reminds him. of the shortness of time, the uncerfain tenure' of life, and the certainty of death. She points to Calvary, and bids him read the history of .sin in the tea'rs and wounds and blood of a Man-God. She reminds him of the inevita ble ruin he will bring upon himself if he do not satisfy by penance the offended justice of God : ' Unless you. do penance you shall all likewise perish' (Luke). She teaches liira how foolish it is to defer liis reconcilia tion with God, for, that ' Now is the ac ceptable time, and now is the day of salva tion.' She encourages him in the perform ance of works of penance by the promise of peace in time and of happiness in eternily. In a word, she exhorts him to the practice ?of every virtue, and to the fulfilment of every duty. Among the many questions, Dearly Beloved Brethren, which' intimately concern us, as touching virtue and duty, there is one to which I call your attention, as !it lies at the root of Eeligion, and upon which, to a great extent, the faith of millions depends. It is that of Edit cation. ' ' A Provincial Council was held at Mel bourne in the year 1S69. There were present afc it nearly all the then Bishops of Austra lia. They were assisted in their deliberations by the ablest, the wisest, and the most en lightened and experienced missionary priests of the Australian Church, The resolutions adopted were in conformity with 'the wants . and requirements of the local Church, and had for their object uniformity of discipline, and unity of action, in all that concerned the interests of Eel igiqn, and the -well-being of the Church. . These decrees were submitted to the Holy See, and' after mature delibera tion were sent back, bearing upon them the impress of the approval find sanction of the Infallible Head of the C'iuuvL Tlieso de crees have therefore now the Iol-uj of. kw for us. According to the usage of the Church, these decrees were promulgated at the Diocesan Synod, held in our Cathedral- Church at Araidale, last November, and an authorised translation is given herewith to aid you in the^inore thorough -understanding-, of them . The first and most important 'of these re gavds Education. ??. . .-? ; :. . . '.?;,,, My dear Brethren.— There is no other question which lias engaged the attention of the Church for the last fifty i years so much as this of Education. The enemy of our sal vation, seeing how difficult it was to draw away from the salutary influences of Reli gion, those who had been instructed from their youth in the saving truths of Religion, has been making fearful efforts to withdraw the young from Religious training in order the more easily to entangle them in the meshes of infidelity. Rulers 'and legislators —some from a hatred of Religion and its salutary restraints, others from a mistaken idea of the nature and tendency of liberalism —have become willing instruments in the carrying out of this Anti- Christian pro gramme. Christians, in every country, some through apathy, some through fear of being sneered at, as enemies of progress, some through self- interest, supported Secu larist legislators; and now we have spread through every country a system so-called Education, from which all that concerns man in this life and the next is studiously excluded. The true idea of God, the origin, the end, and the rule of human conduct, together with all the means with which God has furnished us to attain to our high destiny, are proscribed and banned in this Godless system. We are thus insen sibly placed on the high road to Heathenism. The glorious work of Redemption is being undone, and Christian men are made to be the workers of their own destruction. This question of education is manifestly one of the most serious and important that can well engage our attention. For, whether we con sider man in his individual, social, or reli gous capacity, the aid of religion is indis pensibly necessary to the fulfilment of his threefold duty to himself, to his fellow-man, and to God. Suppose him, just at the dawn of reason, thrown into some remote corner of this land — abandoned and forgotten by all. He inherits the curse of original guilt— with strong passions and appetites, which feel perhaps the power, but recognize not the authority of reason. He is ignorant alike of the Author of his existenee, the object of his solitary life, and the condition of his future being. Neither his nature, which is very corrupt, nor his reason, which is fearfully perverted, cau teach him the origin or end of his existence. It is Religion alone that is capable of educating man for himself; for she alone it is wko with certainty reveals to him the Author, the object, the condition, and the end of his existence. It is she who reflects the first rays of truth upon his youthful mind ; it is she that sows the first principles of morality and the first seeds of virtue in his youthful heart. Therefore, the system of Education which would proscribe this action of Religion cannot have for its object either the present or prospective per frction and happiness of man. what but Religion, I ask, can prepare him for the discharge of the various and im portant duties which his position therein demands ? Religion first received man from the hands of God, and by uniting him to a being like to himself, thus establish Society as the first state of the human race. And, then, when revelation teaches us that all the generations of earth are des cended from one man, the common father of the human family, all the ties and feelings of nature and of blood, united with the motives of religion and consecrated by them, compel us to love our fellow-beings, and so contribute with all our might to the welfare and happiness of all. The Religion of the Decalogue and the Gospel tends to the same end. It does not contain one word which does not conduce to the most generous and disinterested love of our kind, to the purity of morals and to the observance of all those mutual offices which constitute Society. In a word, Society essentially depends upon the inspiration and influence of Religion. The necessity, there fore, for Religious Education in' Society is derived from the necessity of morality; and, whatever degree of perfection the human race may attain, we are compelled to admit that no Society can long subsist with out morality, and no system of morality, however good, can check the tide of human passions without the powerful- aid and sanction of Religion— a sanction which promises eternal happiness on the one hand, and threatens eternal torments on the other. To obtain from men a sacrifice of their passions, the eternal decrees of Heaven are of more avail than all the counsels of earth. To realize such a result the exhortation of the most sublime philosophy will be ever vain and fruitless. The greatest masters, the most ingenious systems, the most elo quent lessons, make but feeble impressions upon the licentious lives and unbridled pas- sions of the multitude. Why ? Because these lessons, these systems, these masters,: are wanting in authority. It is Religion alone that has a right to command, and a power to enforce obedience. And so Reli- gion is more or less interwoven, not only. With the' education of the individual for Society, but with all the affairs of life ; for, through its instrumentality,' not only' moral- ity, but those great Truths, which are its sanction and support, inspire and guide our thoughts, mould and shape our actions, giving them, form and beauty, permanence and perfection. The great and salutary influence which Religion exerts upon the individual, she exerts also upon whole nations, where her tutelage is recognised, and her free action secured. It is she that distinguishes -our various duties, and defines our obligations ; it is she that vindicates our rights, and con secrates our liberties; it is she that has in every age staunched the wounds inflicted by Society ; it is she alone that has invariably restored peace and order and harmony — in a word, she it is that has reconstructed the nations uptorn by the fury of wars and revo lutions. The . dissociation, the unnatural divorce of Religion from Education, is an' evil of no small magnitude, as it must ulti mately lead to the disruption of the State, and to the destruction of Society. Look into any country where1 Religious Education is lost sight of, and crime, like a huge cancer, is draining the young life-blood of her existence. Let the intellectual en lightenment of such a country lry what it may, let her progress in arts, and her glory in arms, stand unrivalled among the nations, let her trade be pushed to the extremities ot the earth, and her wealth be gathered in from its furthermost limits, yet her social exist ence may be extinguished in a day ; for So ciety, to be permanent, must be based upoi morality, which is the outgrowth of Religious Education. What the heart is to the humai body, morality is that to Society. In it anc with it are linked all the ties and fastening: of the body social. Let this cancer of irreli gion but 'once infect that vital part, and the heart strings of society will burst asunder, and the boasted civilization of cen turies will end in shame and destruction. This is the history of the past; tinder similar circumstances^ it will be the history of the future. It is therefore the manifest interest, as it is the duty of all who value social happiness and the public good,- who prize order and peace and the welfare of their fellow-men, to co-operate in the glorious work of religious education.' - The many and various relations in which the individual man stands towards society, important though they be, are only of secondary importance when we consider him in his relation to God. From the be ginning, man was created by God. He was created to know God, to serve God, and then to participate in the Eternal Glory of God. This is man's ultimate end. This is then the great and all-important object of his existence ; therefore the greatest;' the holiest, the most important duty of Education is to instruct man in the knowledge of God — to teach him how to serve God — so to form his heart and to shape his actions by the practice of virtue, and the fulfilment of His holy law, that he may attain to that glorious end for whifh he was created. , Looking at Education from this point of view, it is nothing but Eeligion itself; and, in fact, since man was created by God for God, all his duties primarily and pi'incipally regard God. He has, it is true, duties to So ciety ; but abrogate for a moment that Divine Law which imposes those duties, and what have you left? Nothing but purely con ventional regulations, mere mutual offices between man and man, which are controlled by no sanction and governed by no law, but subject to the influence of self-interest or caprice. Man therefore owes all to God. ' Fear not,' saith the Lord, ' for I have redeemed thee. . . . . . Thou art all mine.' — Isaias, 43. Man entirely belongs to God ; therefore it is his duty to believe in God, to adore Him, to love Him, to fear Him, to recognize in His Essence an Indivisible Unity, an Infinite Majesty, a boundless Power, a Sovereign ^Goodness— to behold in Him the Cause of all causes, the eternally living principle of all things. It is man's duty to pay to God a worship of obedience and of gratitude, of submission to His decrees, and of confidence in His mercy ; above all, it is his duty to preserve in his soul, which is God's image, the traits of that justice and goodness which God Himself has im pressed thereon, and by corresponding acts to preserve that image in its likeness to. its Divine Model — its Eternal prototype. Such are the great and essential duties of man to God. To instruct in these is, there fore, the. highest and noblest j-rovince of - Education.. ', ? - 'From whatever point of view, then, we c consider man, his education must essentially i bo religious, for in every state and condition i Ecligion is- the soul of every good, e the basis of every duty, the guarantee s of every right, the supreme and1 alb- c solute end of every truly noble and i generous act, the unerring medium, and in- fallible guide, to real and lasting happiness. Science and- superior enlightenment, it is true, must always be the heritage of a few. Yet for these, there would be no true and real wisdom without Religion, for in a short time all would lapse into anarchy and barbarism, without the presence and control of Religion. However great, therefore, that enlightenment may be, it is still heightened and adorned and intensified by its union with. Religion. In' fact, have not the Arts and Literature been always associated with Religion? When were they more useful - to man than when inspired and patronised by Religion? Was it not she that supplied matter for the deepest thought, and gave im- pulse to the highest talent ? Was it not she that nerved the tongues of our greatest - orators, and suggested the noblest themes to our poets ? In Religion, therefore, is to be sought, and in her alone is to be found, the first and highest educatrix of man, whether we consider him an unit in creation, a mem ber of society, or a child of Holy Church. If religion be, 'then, justly styled the true mistress and the best educatrix of man— of the enlightened, the scientific, the progres- sive man—by how much , more just and strong title is she not the educatrix of the ignorant, the unenlightened man ! The vast masses of the people have little or no time for instruction. They are more susceptible of impressions than of principles, ' so that without the education of religion they 'would: be the victims of ignorance and crime. And ' although only the few can reach superior refinement and intellectual culture, the many be instructed without being learned —the masses may receive the education of the heart without having made much progress in the development of the intellect. Religion is the channel through which ideas of order, of duty, of love, and of justice flow in all classes of the community and through all the grades of Society. She reveals and teaches to man all those 'impor-. tant truths which ho has neither the time nor the means of otherwise discovering. She every where unlocks the treasury and opens the well-springs of that Sacred Edu cation which plants in man's heart useful and solid principles and holy maxims, which brings them home to each individual, which perpetuates them by binding them up with solid and stable ; institutions, and which im parts to them that character of authority and popularity without which they would-be otherwise foreign to the multitude: The masses without religious teaching would.be entirely ignorant of what concerns [ them. most_ to know, and whilst the enlightened few, in the shadow of our universities, would cultivate; the higher sciences, and. reason learnedly on the many theories regarding the destiny of man, and on the multi tude and magnitude '- of his duties, the masses without the teashing of religion would sink into a state of- brutality worse ' than the savage. She, therefore, who has been at eveiy time, in every -age* and : in every country, the most beneficent educatrix of man — she who has spread abroad such en lightenment — she who has uniformly taught the practice of virtue — she who has in structed the mind aud schooled the heart of v man — is now sought to be thrust aside by the enlightened legislators of this nineteenth century. In this unnatural age, men are found who forget or ignore all the blessings conferred upon man by religion.. These men dare to calumniate Her, as a mother who knows not how to educate her children ; and they even push their audacity to the length of perfecting education by robbing it of the influences of religion. . A cruel step mother is thrust into the place of the true mother. A proud and heartless philosophy aspires to be the educator of the age. A secularist and materialistic spirit, m the' name of progress and enlightenment, seeks to extinguish the spirit of religion in the hearts of men. s But they shall not succeed. The whole Catholic world is awake to the necessity of guarding against this once insidious. but now Dpen attack upou its faith. The Holy Father — the watchman upon the towers of [srael — has called attention to the nature of ihe education which is being forced upon Catholics throughout the world. Of this Education, he says : — ' A system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also leparts from the truth revealed of God, must; lecessarily be guided by the spirit of error md lies ; and Education which, without the lid of the Christian doctrine and of its salu ary moral precepts, instructs the minds and noulds the tender heart of youth (which is so prone to evil), must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its -wn wicked passions and wild conceits, and vhich will be a source of the greatest inis brtune to the commonwealth and to their )wn families.' There can be no mis taking this language. The Holy Father for ?ight and twenty years has never ceased to varn parents of the evils of this system of nstruction, and of the dangers to which, they expose their children, by sending them tb such schools. 'But,' he says, '?'{£ this detestabla system of Education, so far removed from Catholic faith and Ec clesiastical authority, becomes a source of evils both to individuals and Society when it is employed' in the higher teachings and in schools frequented by the better class, who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be intro duced into primary schools? For it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught, from their tender years, the mysteries and pre cepts of our holy religion, and trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. . . The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils, wherever in the schools^ education is not closely united with religious teaching.' How sadly these predictions, of the Holy Father have been verified in America, we learn from the fathers of the second Plenary Council, held at Balti more in the year 186S. Speaking of the necessity of establishing Catholic parochial schools, they say— ' The fathers of the Plenary Council cannot but freely admit and publicly acknowledge that among the princi pal duties of the pastoral office is enumerated that of training .tender youth to Christian morals, and this the rather because the enemies of our religion are unanimous in '' their efforts to corrupt the minds of the young, even from their earliest years. Every day's experience abundantly proves how serious are the evils, and how intrinsic even are the dangers to which Catholic youth is exposed by the frequentation of the Public Schools in these regions ; for grave danger to the faith and morals of. Catholic youth necessarily flows from the very nature of the system which prevails in those schools. Nor can we trace.:., to any other source the daily increasing growth of that deadly taint of indifferentism, and that corruption of morals, which ' we see in fecting the tenderest age. It is unnecessary to remind, you, , dearly beloved brethren, ; how. 'long and how earnestly the Bishops of Ireland have struggled to obtain religious education for their flocks— how generously the Catholics of Ireland have contributed towards the establishment not only of primary but also of University education. ur cause here is the same ; the struggle is the same. It is the same system, of instruction wifciout reh ? cion which Ave, the Bishops, of; Australia— r Mowing in the -fodtstops f- Pius T*v and of all the Bishops of- the Church— continue to condemn. ^It, is of, that sumo m iu^ticc wo- comphiinj which,, taxes us, foi^and forces '-'upon us: a: system ; which we jiblior, ? and which is contrary to, our religious, con-, ? victions, vhilstvat theisamr time, we are m ?' self defence 'Obliged, at our own expense, to erect schools in order to provide religious ,- training and education for, our youth... . .;. '?'?h't We therefore exhort you , jJearly , lie- 'loved Brethren, to aid us in our efforts tp secure Keligious Education for your children. We 'adnionish- you to co-operate with your priests in establishing, who rcyer practical)] e, schools in which Eeligiqn will go hand iiihand with secular instruction, and in which the rising generation of Catholics wilL be, saved from those dangers which. .menance the stability of their faith, and the purity and integrity of their morals. * _ ?/ , , .- . ' ;,. ? After the establishment and ?-. eKtcnsion.pl our Holy Religion, nothing is of more im ? -perative urgency than the .establishment and extension of Beligious Education, and nothing -is nearer to my heart. In view of. tins I am desirous of introducing, m the. first place, a community of nuns from- Ireland, to; take charge of the. education of- females, wnen a suitable edifice shall have been erected ;. and I trust I shall' hot appeal in ,vain far assist ance to found a Conventual Establishment which shall yet, with. God's blessing,; have ? its ramifications in every town and city of this Diocese. - ' ? ? -. ? . n - v';v - As regards the other resolutions and de crees of the Council of Melbourne, hereto '' annexed, I shall, with God's blessing, address. '' you soon. ? ? t- i i In the meantime, Dearly -Beloved Brethren, enter into the spirit of this Holy Season. 33c instant in prayer., ' Asljvand r you shall receive ; seek, and you. shall- nud; knock and itshall be opened uuto you. ,; Assist ' at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass as often as you can. Be faithful in .the observn nee of God's Holy Law and of the pre cepts of Holy Church. Let the Holy Eosary . be recited daily in every family. Let the spirit of penance possess yorar hearts, and . manifest itself in your lives, always mindful of the sentence of our Divine Lord— 'Unless you do penance, you shall all likewise The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all, Brethren, !j( Timothy, Bishop of Armidale. . Arniid:»le St. Mary's Cathedral, z February 14th, 1874. 