Tales. Ninety-Three. 4\. TALE FOUNDED ON THE FRENCH REVOLUTION OF 1793\. . Bt Victor Hugo. £Th« rigat of publication has beea purchased by th» proprietor! PART THE THIRD.— IN VENDEE. Book tub Fikst. Chapter XVIII. — Possible Escapb. The whole night was consumed ia preparations on the one side and the other. As soon as the sombre parley which we have just heard had ended, Gauvain's first act was to call his lieutenant. Guechamp, of whom it will be necessary to know somewhat, was a man of secondary order, honest, in trepid, mediocre, a better soldier than leader, rigor ously intelligent up to the point where it ceases to be a duty to understand ; never softened ; inaccessible to corruption of any sort, whether of venality which corrupts the conscience, or of pity, which corrupts justice. He had on soul and heart those two shades — discipline and the countersign, as a horse has his blinkers on both eyes, and he walked unflinchingly 'in the space thus left -visible to him. His way was straight, but narrow. A man to be depended on ; rigid in command, exact in obedience. Gauvain spoke rapidly to him. ' Guechamp, a ladder.' ' Commandant, we have none.' ' One must be had.' ' For scaling ?' ' No ; for escape.' Guechamp reflected an instant, then answered : *' I understand. But for what you want, it must be very high.' ' At least three stories.' ' Ties, commandant, that is pretty nearly the height.' ' It must even go beyond that, for we must be cer tain of success' ' Without doubt.' ' How does it happen that you have no ladder ? ' ' Commandant, you did not think best to besiege La Tourgue by. the plateau; you contented yourself -with blockading it on this side ; you wished to attack, not by the bridge, but the tower. So we only busied ourselves with the mine, and the escalade was given up. That is why we have no ladders.' ' Have one made immediately.' 'A ladder three stories high cannot be im provised.' 'Have several short ladders joined together.' ' One must have them in order to do that.' 41 lind them.' 'There are none to be found. All through the country the peasants destroy the ladders, just at they break up the carts and cut up the bridges.' ' It is true ; they try to paralyse the Republic.' ' They want to manage so that we can neither trans port baggage, cross a river, nor escalade a wall.' ' Still, I mast have a ladder.' 'I just remember, commandant, at Javene, near Fougeres, there is a large carpenter's shop. They Slight have one there.' ' There is not a minute to lose.' ' When do you want the ladder 5 ' ' To-morrow at this hour, at the latest.' 'Twill send an express full speed to Javene. He ?can take the requisition. There is a post of cavalry at -Javene which will furnish an escort. The ladder can lie here to-morrow before sunset.' ' It is well ; that will answer,' said Gauvain ; ' act quickly — go.' Ten minutes after Guechamp came back and said to Oauvain, ' Commandant, the express has started for -Javene.' Gauvain ascended the plateau and remained for a long time -with his eyes fixed on the bridge-castle across the ravine. The gable of the building, without «ther means of access than the low entrance closed by the raising of the drawbridee. faced the escarpment of the ravine. In order to reach the arches of the bridge irom the plateau, it was necessary to descend this es carpment, a feat possible to accomplish by clinging to the brushwood. But once in the moat, the assailants would be exposed to all the projectile! that might rain from the three stories. Gauvain finished by convincing himself that, at the point which the siege had reached, the veritable attack ought to be by the breach ?f the tower. He took every measure to render any escape out of the question ; he increased the strictness of the invest ment ; drew closer the ranks of his battalions, so that nothing could pass between. Gauvain andCimourdain -divided the investments of the fortress between them. Gauvain reserved the forest aide for himself and gave Cimourdain the aide of the plateau. It was agreed that while Gauvain, seconded by Guechamp, con ducted the assault through the mine, CimourdaiR should guard the bridge and ravine with every natch of the open battery lighted. Chapter XIX. — What thb Mabqtjis was doing. Whilst without every preparation for the attack was going on, within everything was preparing for resist ance. It is not without a real analogy that a tower is -called a «? douve,'* and sometimes a tower is breached by a mine at a cask is bored by an auger. The wall opens like a bung-hole. This was what had happened at La Tourgue. The great blast of two or three hundredweight of powder had burst the mighty wall through and through. This breach started from the foot of the tower, traversed the walls in its thickest part, and nade a sort of shapeless arch in the ground-floor of the fortress. On the outside the besiegers, in order to sender this gap practical for assault, had enlarged and tmifihed it off by cannon shots. The ground-floor which this breach penetrated was * great round hall, entirely empty, with a central pillar which supported the keystone of the vaulted wo£ This chamber, the largest in the whole keep, *as not less than forty feet in diameter. Bach story -« toe tower was composed of s similar room, but smaller, with guards to the embrasures of the loop aoles. The ground-floor chamber had neither loop holes nor airholes -, there was about as much air and light as in a tomb. ? The door of the dungeons, mad* more of iron than 'wood, was in the ground-floor room- Another door epened upon a staircase which led to the upper eham ^S.' , ^e ?tairawes were contrived in the interior ofthewalL It was into this lower room that the besiegers could *mve by the breach they had made. This hall taken, there would etill be the tower to take. , 'tad always been impossible to breathe ia that awl for any length of lime. Nobody ever passed xwenty-four haurs there without suffocating. Now, ttttks to the breach, one could exist there. inat was why the besieged had not closed the ?weach. Besides, of what service would it have been ? l^e cannon would have re-opened it ineyBtuck an iron torch-holder into the wall, and gnu torch in it, which lighted the ground-floor. *jPw«,««t»TetcMkin»4e«I«taTe», Now how to defend themselves t To wall up the hole would be easy, but useless. A retirade would be of more service. Aretirade U an entrenchment with a re- entering angle ; a sort of raftered barricade, which admits of converging the fire upon the assailants, and while leaving the breaohopen exteriorly, bkek it on the inside. Materials were not lacking ; they constructed a retirade with fissures for the passage of the gun-barrels. The angle was sup ported by the central pillar ; the winga touched the wall on either side. The marquis directed everything. Inspirer, commander, guide, and master— a terrible tpirit. Lantenac belonged to that race of warriors of the eighteenth century who, at eighty years of age, saved cities. He resembled that Count d' Alberg who. almost a centenarian, drove the King of Poland from the Riga. ' Courage, friends.' said the marquis ; ' at the commencement of this century, in 1718, at Bender, Charles XII., shut up in a house with three hundred Swedes, held his own against twentv thousand Turks.' ' They barricaded the two lower floors, fortified the chambers, battlemented the alcoves, supported the doors with joists driven in by blows from, a mallet; and thus formed a sort of buttress. It was necessary to leave free the spiral staircase which joined the different floors, for they must be able to get up and down, and to stop it against the besiegers would have been to close it against themselves. The defence of any place has thus always some weak side. The marquis, indefatigable, robust as a voune man. lifted beams, carried stones, set an example, put his hand to the work, commanded, aided, fraternised, laughed with this ferocious clan, but remained always the noble still-r-haughty, familiar, elegant, Barege. He permitted no reply to his orders. He had said, ' If the half of you should revolt, I would have them shot by the other half, and defend the place with those that were left.' Chaptkb XX.-t-What Imanus was doino. While the marquis occupied himself with^he breach and the tower, Imanus was busy with the bridge. At the beginning of the siege the escape-ladder, which hung transversely below the windows of the second story, had been removed by the marquis's orders, and Imanus had put it in the library. It was, perhaps, the loss of this ladder which Gauvain wished to sup ply. The windows of the lower floor, called the guard room, were defended by a triple bracing of iron bars, set in the stone, so that neither ingress or egress was possible by them. The library windows had no bars, but they were very high. Imanus took three men with him who, like himself, possessed capabilities and resolution that would carry them through anything. These men were Hoisnard, called Branche d'Or, and the two brothers Pique-en-Bois. Imanus, carrying a dark lantern, opened the iron door and carefully visited the three Btories of the bridge-castle. Hoisnard Branche d'Or was as implacable as Imanus, having had a brother killed by the republicans. Imanus examined the upper room, filled with hay and straw, and the ground-floor, where he had several fire-pots added to the tuns of tar ; he placed the heap of faecines so that they touched the casks, and assured himself of the good condition ef the sulphur-match, of which one end was in the bridge and the other in the tower. He spread over the floor, under the tuns and fascines, a pool of tar, in which he dipped the end of the sulphur- match. Then he brought into the library, between the ground- floor where -the tar was and the garret filled with straw, the three cribs in which lay Rene- Jean, Gros- Alain, and Georgette, buried in deep sleep. They carried the cradles very gently in order not to waken the little ones. - They were simple village cribs, a sort of low osier basket which stood on the floor bo that a child could get out unaided. Near each cradle Imanus placed a porringer of soup, with a wooden spoon. The escape ladder, unhooked from its cramping irons, had been set on the floor against the wall ; Imanus arranged the three cribs, end to end, in front of the ladder. Then, thinking that a current of air might be useful, he opened wide the six windows of the library. The summer night was warm and starlight. He sent the brothers Pique-en-Bois to open the windows of the upper and lower stories. He had noticed on the eastern facade of the building a great dried old ivy, the colour of tinder, which covered one whole side of the bridge from top to bottom, and framed in the windows of the three stories. He thought this ivy might be left. Imanus took a last watchful glance at every thing ; that done, the four men left the chatelet and returned to the tower. Imanus double-locked the heavy iron door, studied attentively the enormous bolts, and nodded his head in a satisfied way at the sulphur- match which passed through die hole he had drilled, and was now the sole communication between the tower and the bridge. This train or wick started from the round chamber, passed beneath the iron door, entered under the arch, twisted like a snake down the spiral staircase leading to the lower story of the bridge, crept over the floor, and ended in the heap of driea fascines laid on the pool of tar. Imanus had calculated that it would take about a quarter of an hour for this wick, when lighted in the interior of the tower, to set fire, to the pool of tar under the library. These arrangements all concluded, and every work carefully inspected, he earned the key of the iron door back to the marquis, who put it in his pocket. It was important that every movement of the besiegers should be watched. Imanus, with his cow-herd's horn in his belt, posted himself as sentinel in the watch-tower of the platform at the top of the tower. While keeping a constant look-out, one eye on the forest and one on the plateau, he worked at making cartridges, having near him, in the. embrasure of the watch-tower win dow, a powder-horn, a canvass bag full of good-sized balls, and some old newspapers, which he tore up for wadding. When the sun rose, it lighted in the forest eight battalions, with sabres at their sides, cartridge-boxes on their backs, and guns with fixed bayonets, ready for the assault; on the plateau, a battery, with caissons, cartridges, and boxes of case-shot; within the fortress, nineteen men loading several guns, mus kets, blunderbusses, and pistols ; — and three children sleeping in their cradles. Book the Sbcokd. Chapter I. — The Massacre of Saint Babtholombw. The children awoke. The little girl was the first to open her eyes. ? The . waking of children is like the unclosing of flowers, a perfume seems to exhale from those fresh young souls. Georgette, twenty months old, the youngest of the three, who was still a nursing baby in the month of May, raised her little head, sat up in her cradle, looked at her feet, and began to chatter. A ray of the morning fell across her crib ; it would have been difficult t o decide which was the rosiest, Georgette's foot or Aurora. The other two still slept— the slumber of boys is heavier. Georgette, gay and happy, began to chatter. Rene- Jean's hair was brown, Gros-Alain's was au burn, Georgette's blonde. These tints would change later in life. Rene- Jean had the look.of an infant Hercules ; he slept lying on his stomach, with his two fiet6 in his eyes. Gro&\- Alain had thrust his legs out side his little bed. ? : r All three were in rage ; the ganaenti given them, by ???'-.:?. y .i .'?.?MSiii i- .-.; ? the battelion of the Bonnet Rouge had worn to shreds ; they bad not. even a shirt between them. The two b- ys were almost naked ; Georgette was muffled in a rag which had once been a petticoat, but was now little more than a jacket. Who had taken care of there children i Impossible to say. Not a mother. Thtsa savage peasant fighters, who had dragged them along from forest U forest, had given them their por tion of soup. That was all. The little ones lived as they oould. They had everybody for master, and no body for father. But even about the rags of child hood there haDgs a halo. These three tiny creatures weie lovely. Georgette prattled. A bird sings — a child prattles — but it is the same hyna 1 hyntn indistinct, inarticulate, but full of pro found meaning. The child, unlike the bird, has the sombre destiny of humanity before it. This thought saddens any man who listens to the joyous song of a child. The most sublime psalm that can be heard on tois earth is the lisping of a human soul from the lips of childhood. This confused murmur of thought, which is as yet only instinct, holds a strange, unreasoning appeal to eternal justice ; perchance it is a protest against life while standing on its threshold ; a protest unconscious, yet heartrending ; this ignorance, smiling at infinity, lays upon all creation the burden of the destiny which shall be offered to this feeble, unarmed creature. If unhappiness comes, it seems like a be trayal of confidence. The babble of an infant is more and less than speech ; it is not measured, and yet it is a song ; not syllables, and yet a language ; a murmur that began in heaven and will not finish on earth ; it commenced before human birth, and will continue in the sphere beyond ! These lispings are the echo of what the child said when it was an angel, and of what it will say when it enters eternity. The cradle has a Yesterday, just as the grave has a To- morrow ; this morrow and this yesterday join their double mystery in that in comprehensible warbling and there is no such proof of God, of eternity, and the duality of destiny, as in this awe-inspiring shadow flung across that flower- like soul. There was nothing saddening in Georgette's prattle ; her whole lovely face was a smile. Her mouth smiled, her eyes smiled, the dimples in her cheek smiled. There was a serene acceptance of the morning in this smile. The soul has faith in the sunlight. The sky was blue, warm, beautiful. This frail creature, who knew nothing, who comprehended . nothing, softly cradled ia a dream which was not thought, felt her self in safety amid the loveliness of nature, these sturdy trees, this pure verdure, this landscape fair and peaceful, with its noises ef birds, brooks, insects, leaves, above which glowed the brightness of the sun. After Georgette, Rene-Jean, the eldest, who was past four, awoke. He sat up, jumped in a manly way over the side of his cradle, found out the porringer, considered that quite natural, and so sat down on the floor, and began to eat his soup. Georgette's prattle had not awakened Gros-Alain, but at the sound of the spoon in the porringer, he turned over with a start, and opened his eyes. Gros Alain was the one of three years eld. He saw his bowL He had only to stretch out his arm and take it, so, without leaving hiS bed, he followed Kene Jean's example, seized the spoon in his little fist, and began to eat, holding the bowl on his knees. Georgette did not hear them ; the modulations of her voice seemed measured by the cradling of a dream. Her great eyes, gazing upward, were divine. No platter how dark the 'ceiling in the vault above a ebild'B head, Heaven is reflected in its eyes. When Rene- Jean had finished his portion, he scraped the bottom of the bo wl with his spoon, sighed, and said with dignity, ' I have eaten my soup.' This roused Georgette from her revery. '? Fhoup .' ' said she. Seeing that Rene- Jean had eaten, and that Gros Alain was eating, she took the porringer which was placed by her cradle, and began to eat in her turn, . cot without carrying the spoon to her ear much oftener than to her mouth. From time to time she renounced civilisation, and ate with her fingers. When Gros-Alain had seraped the bottom of his porringer too, he leaped out of bed and joined his brother. Suddenly from without, down below, on die side of the forest, came the stern, loud ring of a trumpet. To this clarion-blast a horn from the top of the tower replied. This time it was the clarion which called, and the hors. -which made answer. The clarion blew a second summons, and the horn again replied. % Then from the edge of the forest rose a voice, distant but clear, which cried thuB : ' Brigands, a summons ! If at sunset you have not surrendered at discretion, we commence the attack.' A voice, which sounded like the roar of a wild animal, responded from the summit of the tower : ?? Attack ! -f The voice from below resumed, ' A cannon will be fired, as a last warning, half an hour before the assault.' The voice from on high repeated, ' Attack.' These voices did not reach the children, but the trumpet and the horn rose loud and clear. At the first sound of the clarion, Georgette lifted her head, and stopped eating ; at the sound of the horn she dropped her spoon into the porringer ; at the second blast of the trumpet, she lifted the little forefinger of her right hand, and, raising and depressing it in turn, marked the cadences of the flourish which prolonged the blast. When the trumpet and the horn ceased, she remained with her finger pensively lifted, and murmured, in a halt-voice, ' Muthic.' We suppose that she wished to say ' Music.' The two older children, Rene- Jean and Gros-Alain, had paid no attention to the trumpet and horn ; they were absorbed by something else ; a wood-louse was just making a journey across the library-floor. Gros-Alain perceived it, and cried, ' There is a little creature ! ' Rene-Jean ran up. Gros-Alain continued, ' It pricks.' ' Do not hurt it,' said Rene-Jean. And both remained watching the traveller. Georgette proceeded to finish her soup ; that done, she looked about for her brothers. Rene-Jean and Gros-Alain were in the recesB of one of the windows, gravely stooping over the wood-louse, their foreheads touching, their curls mingling. They held their breath in wonder, and examined the insect, which had stopped, and did not attempt to move, though not appreciating the admiration it received. Georgette, seeing that her brothers were watching something, must needs know what it was. It was not an easy matter 'to reach them— still she undertook the journey. The way was full of difficulties ; there were things scattered over the floor. There were footstools overturned, heaps of old papers, packing cases, forced ^open and empty ; trunks, rubbish of all sorts, in and out of which it was necessary to sail — a whole archipelago of reefs— but Georgette risked it. The first task was to get out of her crib ; then she entered the chain of reefs, twisted herself through the straits, pushed a footstool aside, crept between two coffers, got over a heap of papers, climbing up one side and rolling down the other, regardless of the ex posure to her poor little naked legs, and succeeded in teaching what a. eailor would have cabled, an open eea that is, a sufficiently wide space of the floor which was not littered over, and where there were at more perils ; then she bounded forward; traversed this space, which was the whole width of the room, on all fours, with the agility of a kitten, and got near to the window. There a fresh and formidable obstacle en countered her ; the great ladder tying along the wait reached to this window, the end of tt pasting a little beyond the corner of the recess. It termed between Georgette and her brothers a sort of cape, which must be crossed. She stopped and meditated ; her internal monologue ended, she came to a decision. She reso lutely twisted her rosy fingers about one of the rungs, whieh were vertical as the ladder lay along its side. She tried to raise herself on her feet, and fell back ; she began *gain, and fell a second time ; the third effort was successful. Then, standing up, she caught hold of the rounds in' succession, and walked the length of the ladder. When she reached the extremity there was nothing more to support her. She tottered, but seizing in her two hands the end of one of the great poles, which held the rungs, she rose again, doubled the promontory, looked at Rene-Jean and Gres- Alain, and began to laugh. At that instant, Rene-Jean, satisfied with the result of his investigations of the wood-louse, .raised his head, and announced, ' 'Tis a she creature.' Georgette's laughter made Rene- Jean laugh, and Rene-Jean's laughter made Gros-Alain laugh. Georgette Beated herself beside her brothers, the recess forming a sort of little reception chamber, but their guest, the wood-louse, had disappeared. It had taken advantage of Georgette's laughter to hide itself in a crack of the floor. Other incidents followed the wood-louse's visit. First, a flock of swallows pasBed. They probably had their nests under the edge of the overhanging roef. They flew close to the window, a little startled by the sight of the children, describing great circles in the air, and uttering their melodious spring, aong. The sound made the three little ones look up, and the wood-louse was forgotten. Georgette pointed her finger toward the swallows, and cried, ' Chicks ! ' Rene- Jean reprimanded her. « Miss, you mast not say * chicks ; ' they are birds.' ' Birz,' repeated Georgette. And all three sat and watched the swallows. Then a bee entered. There is nothing so like a soul as a bee. It goes from flower to flower as a soul from star to star, and gathers honey as the soul does light. This visitor made a great noise as ia came ia ; it buzzed at the top of its voice, seeming to say, 'I have come. I have first been to Bee the roses, now I come to see the children. What is going on here r ' A bee is a housewife— its song is a grumble. The children did not take their eyes of the new-comer as long as it stayed with them. The bee explored the library, rummaged in the corners, fluttered about with the air of being at home in a hive, and wandered, winged and melodious, from bookcase to bookcase, examining the titles of the volumes through the glass doors as if it had an intel lect. Its exploration finished, it departed. ' It is going to its own house,' said Rede- Jean. ' It is a beast,' said Gros-Alain. ' No,' replied R.ne-Jean, ' it is a fly.' ' A f 'y,' said Georgette. Thereupon Gros- Alain, who had just found on the floor a cord, with a knot in one end, took the opposite extremity between his thumb and forefinger, and made a sort of windmill of the string, watching its whirls with profound attention. On her side, Georgette, having turned into a quadru ped again, and recommenced her capricious csurse back and forwards acrosB the floor, discovered a vener able tapestry-covered armchair, so eaten by moths that the horsehair stuck out in several places. She stopped before this seat. She enlarged the holes, and diligently pulled out the long hair. Suddenly she lifted one finger ; that meant, ' Listen ! * The two brothers turned their heads. A vague, distant noise surged up from without ; it was probably the attacking camp executing some strategic manoeuvre in the forest'; horses neighed, drums beat, caissons rolled, chains clanked, military calls and responses ; a confusion of savage sounds, whose mingling formed a sort of harmony. The chil dren listened in delight. ' It is the good God who does that,' said Rene Jean. The noise ceased. Rene-Jean remained lost ia a dream. How do ideas vanish and reform themselves in the brains of those little ones? What is the mysterious motive of those memories at once so troubled and so brief i There was in that sweet, pensive little soul a mingling of ideas of the good God, of prayer, of joined hands, the light of a tender smile it had formerly known and knew no longer, and Rene-Jean mur mured, half-aloud, ' Mamma ! ' ' Mamma ! ' repeated GroB- Alain. ' Mamma ! ' cned Georgette. Then Rene- Jean began to leap. Seeing this, Gros Alain leaped too. Gros-Alain repeated ever move ment and gesture of his brother. Three yean copies four years, but twenty months keeps its independ ence. Georgette remained seated, uttering a word from time to time. Georgette could not yet manage sentences. 8he was a thinker ; she spoke in apoph thegms. She was monosyllabic. Still, after a little^example proved infectious, and she ended by trying to imitate her Brothers, and these three little pairs of naked feet began to dance, to run, to totter amid the dust of the old polished oak floor, beneath the grave aspects of the marble busts toward which Georgette from time to time cast an unquiet glance, murmuring ' Ma-mans.' Probably in Georgette's language this signified something which looked like a man, but yet which she comprehended was not one— perhaps the first glimmering of an idea in regard to phantoms. Georgette, oscillating rather than walking, followed her brothers, but her favourite mode of locomotion was on all fours. Suddenly Rene- Jean who had gone near a window, lifted his head, then dropped it, and hastened to hide himself in a corner of the wall made by the projecting window-recesB. He had just caught sight of a man looking at him. It was a soMier, from the encamp ment of Blues on the plateau, who, profiting by the truce, and perhaps infringing it a little, had 'ventured to the very edge of the' escarpment, from whence the interior 01 the library was visible. Seeing Rene-Jean hide himself, Gros-Alain hid too ; he crouched down beside his brother, and Georgette hurried to hide her self behind them. So they remained, sUent^motion less, Georgette pressing her finger against her lips. After a few instants, Rene- Jean ventured ifo thrust out his head ; the soldier was there still. R«ne- Jean retreated quickly, and the three little ones dared not \- even breathe. This suspense lasted for some time. Finally the fear began to bore Georgette; she gathered courage to look out. The soldier had dis appeared. They began again to run about and play. Gios-Alain, although the imitator and admirer of Rene- Jean, had a speciality— that of discoveries. His brother and Bister saw him suddenly galloping wildly about, dragging after him a little cart, which he had unearthed behind some box. This doH^s waggon had lain foigotteo. for yean among the duet, living amicably in the neighbourhood of the printed works of genius and the busts of sages. It was perhaps one of the. toys thatGauvain had played with when a child. Gros- Alain had made a whip of his string, and cracked it loudly ; he was very proud. Such are dis coverers. The child discovers a little waggon, the men an America — the spirit of adventure is the same. But it was necessary to share the godsend. Rene Jean wished to harness himself to the carriage, and Georgette wished to ride in it. She succeeded in seating herself. Rene- Jean was the horse, Gros- Alain was the coachman. But the coachman did not understand his business ; the hme began to teach him. Rene- Jean shouted, ' Say, ' Whoa ! * ' ' Whoa ! ' repeated Gros- Alain. The carriage upset Georgette rolled out. Child angels can shriek ; Georgette did so. Then sht had a vague wish to weep. ' Miss,' said Rene-Jean, ' you are toa big.' ' Me big ! ' stammered Georgette. And her size consoled her for her fall. The cornice of entablature outside the windows was -very broad ; the dust blowing from the plain of heath had collected there ; the rains had hardened it into soil, the wind had brought seeds ; a blackberry bush had profited by the shallow bed to grow up there. This bush belonged to the species called fox black berry. It was August now, and the bush was covered with berries ; a branch passed in by the window, and hung down nearly to the floor. Grofi- Alain, after having discovered the cord and the waggon, discovered this brambls. He went up to it ; he gathered a berry and ate. ' I am hungry,' said Rene- Jean. Georgette arrived, galloping upon her hands and koeee. The three between them stripped the branch and ate all the berries. They stained their faces and hands ?with the purple juice till the trio of little seraphs was changed ifito a knot of little fauns, which would have shocked Dante and charmed Virgil. They shrieked -with laughter. From time to time the thorns pricked their fingers. There is always.* pain attached to every pleasure. Georgette held out her finger to Rene- Jean, on which showed a tiny drop of blood, and, pointing to the bush, said, ' Picks.' Gros-Alain, who had Buffered also, looked suspi ciously at the branch, and said, ' It is a beast.' . ?' No,' replied Rene- Jean, 'it is a stick.' f Then a stick is tricked,' retorted Gros- Alain. Again Georgette, though she had a mind to cry, bunt out laughing. In the meantime Rene-Jean, perhaps jealous of the discoveries made by his younger brother, had con ceived a grand project For some minutes past, white busy eating the berries and pricking his fingers, his eyes turned frequently toward the chorister's desk mounted on a pivot, and isolated like a monument in the centre of the library. On this desk lay the cele brated volume ef Saint Bartholomew. It was, in truth, a magnificent and priceless folio. It had been published at Cologne by the famous pub lisher of the edition of the Bible of 1682, Biaeu, or in Latin Csesius. It was printed, not on Dutch paper, but upon that Deautiful Arabian paper bo much admired by Bdrisi, which was made of Bilk and cotton, and never grew yellow ; the binding was of gilt leather, and the clasps were of silver, the boards of that parchment which the parchment sellers of Paris took an oath to buy at the Ball Saint-Mathurin, ' and nowhere else.' The children timidly approach the grand volume ; curiosity leads them to lift its massive cover ; sud denly it shifted from the desk, seemed to hesitate, trying to balance itself, then crashed down, and broken, crumpled, torn, ripped from its bindings, its clasps fractured, flattened itself miserably upon the floor. Fortunately it did not fall on the children ; they, were only bewildered, not crushed. Victories do not always finish so well. Like all glories, it made a great noise, a&d; left a cloud of dust. Having flung the book on the ground, Rene- Jean descended from the chair. There waB a moment of silence and fright— victory lias its terrors. The three children seized one another' 6 hands and stood at a distance, looking toward the vast dismantled tome ; but after a brief reverie Gros Alain approached it quickly and gave it a kick. Nothing more was needed. The appetite for de struction grows rapidly. Rene-Jean kicked it ; Georgette dealt a blow with her little foot, which . overset her,- though she fell in a sitting position, by 'which she profited to fling herself on Saint Bartholo . mew. The spell was completely broken. Rene-Jean pounced upon the saint, Gros- Alain dashed upon him, and joyous, distracted, triumphant, pitiless, tearing the prints, slashing the leaves, pulling out the markers, scratching the binding, ongluing the . guilded leather, breaking off the nails from the silver corners, raining the parchment, making mincemeat of the august text— working with feet, hands, nails, . teeth; rosy, laughing, ferocious, the three angels of prey demolished the defenceless evangelist They annihilated Armenia, Judea, Senevento, where rest the relics of the saint; Nathanad, who is, perhaps, the same aa Bartholomew; the Pope Gelasius, who declared the Gospel of Saint Bartholomew apocry phal. Nathanael ; all the portraits, all the maps, *ztd the inexorable massacre of the old book, absorbed them bo entirely that a mouse raa-put without their perceiving it. It wbb an extermination. To tear in pieces history, legend, science, miracles, whether true or false, the Latin of the Church, super - ?titionB, fanaticisms, -mysteries— to send a whole religion from top to bottom— would be a work for three giants, but the three children completed it. Bouts passed in the labour, bnt they reached the end — nothing remained of Saint Bartholomew. When they had -finished, irhea the last, page was loosened, the last print lying on the ground— when nothing was left of the book but the edges of the text and pictures in the skeleton of the binding, Rene Jean sprang to his feet, looked at die floor covered ?with Bcatteredleayea, and clapped his hands. G-ios-Alain clapped his hands likewise. Georgette took one of the pages in her hand, rose, leaned againsfthe window-ail], which was on a level -with her chin, and commenced to tear the great leaf into tiny bits/ and scatter them out ot the casement. , J ','-*? . , Seeing this, Rene- Jean wid Gros-Alain began the came work.; they picked up and tore into fcmaU bits, picked up again'andiore. And flung the pieces out of the window, aa Georgette had done, page by page. Sent by these little -&eepente; fingers, the entire ancient volume almost flew down die wind. Georgette thoughtfully watched these swarms «t little white «apers dispersed by the breeze, and said— * 'Butterfies!' . '.,.,. So the massacre ended with these tiny ghosts vanishing in the blue of heaven. Thus was Saint Bartholomew for the second time »ade a martyr— he who had been the first time aacri iicf d in the jear of our Lord 49. Then the evening came on; the heat increased; there was sleep in the air. Georgette's eyes began to elose ; Rene-Jean went to his crib, pulled out the etraw sack which aenred instead of ? mattress, dragged it to the window, stretched himself thereon, and said ' Let us go to bed.' . Gros- Alain leid his head against . Rene- Jean, Georgette placed hers on Gros: Alain, and the three malefactors fell asleep. ... The wans breexe entered by the open windows ; the perfume of wild flowers from the ravines and hills mingled with the breath of evening. Nature was calm and pitiful — everything beamed, . was at peace, full of love. The sun gave his caress, which is light, to all creadon ; everywhere could be heard and felt that harmony which is throwh off from the in finite sweetness of inanimate things, There is a motherhood in the infinite; creation is a miracle in full bloom ; it perfects its grandeur by its goodness. It seemed as if one could, feel some invisible Being. take those mysterious precautions which, in the formidable conflict of opposing elements of life, pro tect the weak against the strong. At the same time there was beauty everywhere ; the splendour equalled the gentleness. The landscape that seemed asleep had those lovely hazy effects which the changings of light ard shadow produce on the fields and rivers ; the mists mounted toward the clouds like reveries changing into dreams ; the birds circled noiselessly about La Tourgue ; the swallows looked in through the windows, as if they wished to be certain that the children slept well. They were prettily grouped upon one another, motionless, half-naked, posed like lit'le Cupids ; .they were adorable and pure. The united ages of the three did not make nine years. They were dreaming dreams of paradise, which' were reflected on their lips in vague smiles. Perchance God whispered in their ears ; they were of those whom all human languages call the weak and blessed ; they were made majestic by innocence. All was cilence about them, as if the breath from their tender bosoms were the care of the universe,, and listened to by the whole creation ; the leaves did pot rustle — the grass did not stir. It seemed as if the vast starry world held its breath for fear of disturbing these three humble angelic sleepers ; and nothing could have been so sublime as that reverent respect of nature in presence of this littleness. The sun was near his Betting j he almost touched the horizon. Suddenly acrosB this profound peace burst a light ning-like glare, which came from the forest ; thena savage noise. A cannon had just been fired. The echoes seized upon this thundering, and repeated it with an infernal din. The prolonged growling from hill to hill was terrible. , It woke Georgette. She raised her head slightly, lifted her little finger, and said 'Boom!' The noise died away; the .silence swept back. Georgette laid her head on Gros-Alain, and fell asleep once.more. 