ROYAL AGRICULTURAL SOCJETf OF QUHHSSLAND. Favored with the fairest of fair weather tbe great carnival of the Uowno district* ha* provoil one of the moat auosenrol ever yet witnessed iu Queensland. On Tuesday .evening littb if. any accommodation nmaiued open to visitors, but with tbe dawning of Wednesday new etre*ins ot holiday., keepers and sight-sear's set iu from the country dis trict*. and huue train*, arriving at intervals' from tho railway atations on the Southern and Western Railway, contributed stiUmomtothefestive.appear. auce of the town, to inorease the pressure on tbe hotel accommodation in all parts of tbe municipality, and to swell the 'great congregation' assembled to' participate in the fun and the pleasures «f '' Show week.' To aay that visitors from tho Burnett, Mitchell, and Maranoa district* were attracted to Toowoomba would but inadequately represent tbe interest exhibited in the exhibition of the Uoyal Agricultural Society of Queensland, but when we state that tbe liovna Sliow ha* been the talk of Ike country for months past, thai few persons have not expressed or exhibited interest of some kiud in the success of the exhibition, we think we shall have accounted to a fair extent for the gay aud large assemblage of visitors with which our town wus graced on the morning of the day appointed for the opening of the Show in Touwoouiba. The entries iu each diviaiou of the Society's catalogue were jjooit iu number, and the judges having couspleteil their busuiee* on Tuesday afternoon, we were enabled to present our reaitera on Wednesday last with a com plete copy of the prize list, and thereby to stimulate tbe desire to inspect the maguiticeat auimals entered for exhibition ; and we take this opportunity of thanking tbe Stewards, the Committee, and his a-sistant, Mr S»bine, for the courteous manner iu which the wants of the representatives of the press wens provided for. At an early hour on Wednesday morning the town was alive with pedestrians and equestrians, and as noon advanced the road leading to tbe Show grouud* presumed au animated and pleasing appear ance. Ail kinds of conveyance, from the uauilsoine family carriage to the humble dray, were represented on the road, and their occupants appeared deter mined upon full enjoyment of the buliitay. Ilia Excellency arrived on tbe grouud altout balf-past 12 o'clock, aud was received by the' President auil Secretary ot the Society, Mr J. 0. White, and other*, tbe baud playing the National Autnera, ami the assembled multitude giving 'tliree cbeers for the Governor.' The attendance at thin period could not have been abort of twelve humlrml, mil as tlie day advanced tlie number increased to about t»o thousand. Tbe recent improvements have rendered the Sbow grounds th* moot pcrUut af ttieir kind in tlie colonies, every ounvemwiu* necessary t-- the housiug ami safe keeping of valuable fitouk being furoibbed iu the cattlu »uU« ami the rotunda devoted to sheep exhibit*. Mnw sheds have rtc-jutly been erected for the rceeptiou of thoruuglilire.1 and draught boreu, the buildings bt-Lng of the most substantial cuaractor, and the iUxuminnJation all that the most carelul owner oouM wish fur »r ileoire. A great iuiproneinuut also has been introduced— at tbe suggestion of tho Secretary — on the old system uf parading prise stock in tbe hurae and cattle clawea by tlie erection of circular enclosure**, in which, at stated iutervals, the geo.s of tbe Show |ierform a 'walk rouud,' atoiile «|iaue being thereby afforded for thf }ini]Kr exbibitou of e»ch annual, and almu dant opportuuity peruiittevl to the public of inajiectiug the exkii.it* aad forming their own opinion ouon the decisions of the judges. At 2 o'clock the gnmnds prrsentml a very h'»y appearance, to wbicli tho Mi'ii[i^rs uf His Excellency the (-ovenv-r, tbe Hun. J, tines Taylor. Mr W. B. Tooth, Mr L. E. U.;t«r, the Hon. J. I', liall, aud others, contributed in a very mate rial meaeure. Nor aau we omit to ref jr to the in terest exhibited iu the pretty little pWton with its llandsouie sud lively 'Sbftl.inda,' that were m admirably handled by Miss Taylor ; anil the rat tKug taudem exhibitwl by Mr V. Uidley Smith, His Excellency's Aide 'le-Cmup. Anioug the compaDy abaembled in the grounds we noticed — iu addition to the vio'-r.gU pirtv. the Hon. James Taylor (1'reai.lent of the Society), the Hvin. J. K Bell, tbe lion. W. IC Wal»h, the H«n. T. Mcllwraith, the Unit. J. P. McDuu;ail. the Hon. K. T. Urejjory, tue Mayor of Toowxiiiiba, U. 11. Davenport, K A. Uore, E. Wifnliot, W. liraiiam. ti. Nelson, V. U. (jiveu, W. 11. Slade. Captain ViK uoles, J. Ij-iw, W. B. Tuoth. F. l^rd, U. II. Kms.L. E. Lester, R C. I'arr, C Williams, -i. U. Co.y, K. HutcbUm, M. C. Mnson, K. Cr.ice, II. lioopor, H. Brauker, G. M. Simi-son, H. Thorn, G. (Jlwk, H. V. King, J. Hunt, U. tiu'.n, P. Uevine, C. Clark, 11. Sjiiro, J. C. Sncll, k\ IViiuroae, S. Moffatt, K. W. .ScholeneM, J. Taylor, Uicon, W. Kvllett, F. 8 Jessop, and A. G. Uraluzw. In the entrance to tho rotunda weni exhibited the silver cup* intended for pieneuUtion to tile suc cessful exhibitor* ; a nuinlier of neatly fraiueJ photographs of Mr C. B. Kishers atitions, peili^nn stock, shearing sheds, Ac, also a case — beautifully j arranged — containing e«gs of tbe bUck awau, exhibited by Mr J. C. White, anil a large case con taiuing aamplesof waul from prize sheep bred in South Australia by Mr 0. B. Fuher. The exhibit* of live stock ou Wednesday and Thortday were a gnat improvement upon former exhibilions of a eiinilar natnn, with tlie exception of cattle, which, although good in quality, were deficient in numiier. Commencing with the sheep, we hare m hesita tion in fcaying that th-! equattar* on th^ Dowiib, to whom the whole of the alioep exhibit* weie con. I lined, are ejecting groat iniprovcincaks in their | atouk, both as regards superior quality of wool us j well a* weight of uaruws ; at the a.un* time we , doubt if it is a fair way of judging tlie progressive improreioent in wool, tbe promotion of which should be the chiuf aim and object of the Society, bv enmbiniag the weight anil sin of carcass with j the quality of won! in the same aninml, as many of tbe rejected exhibits were aujperiur in the quality of tlie staple product of the colony, ami weie paswd nver merely hecause they were not iu prime condi tion, in oonneqiienueof Itinc wmfineil Uithe natural grasses of thv colimy instead uf Iwiui,' artitici.illy fed ami «t»bleil during the wintor which preceda* ths usual exhibitions of tho Society. There is a point, ho«ev«r, to which the Society would be wise' to direct tieir attentiou— namely, whether the ataWing or hnusiiig of stock, that must necessarily pass a greater portiou of tli«ir «*i»tence in the open air, subject to every viciuitude of weather, when sold to other sheep breeders, is not likely to esUMiab a delicacy of constitution preju dicial to their progeny. The exhibits of half -bred stock, the -first cross be tween the Merino nod Leicester, were very tine, and we beard one or t»o squatter* assert that they ihnul.l try to improve the quality of the wool, which lias a preponderance of the tyi'sof tbe Leicester, hy further craning with the Merino. Wo nre aware that the tame plan has been ofcn tried in tbe sister Monies, But without success, tbe tint crossing buing too aevere to allow of future or further crossing* ta be perpetuated to advantage, the ataple of the »rail having been found defective in strength, and ren dered uaslesa for combing purposes. We sbnnhl be extremely careful that we do not lose our prestige for producing some of the Uiiest clothing wools in the world for the sake of small profit* gained by a little additions! weight of carcass. The following are tbe nUtinn* that exhibited theep :— Cliiverton, Warwick district, 17 ; Glen siillan, ditto, 20 j Itonenthal. ditto, 0 : Goombiirra, Sitto. 7 ; Ti.lK.ii, ditto, 3; But Tnl#ai, ditto, l» ; Heariingtqn Hill, ditto, 18 ; Canning U/iwns, ditto, S ; Miry vale, ditto, 4; Jtrndarmn, Central district, ID ; Westbrook, ditto, 3 ; Ston Vide, rtitto. 0 ; Yau.Hlla, ditto, 6 ; -!bwrie, dillo, 3 ; Rosalie Plains, ditto, 4 ; Jimbonr, Dalby district. 13 ; Ualliy, 4. Total 148. Of these thirty were exhibit* of coarsn woolied «hMp» aoil the remaimttr tnerinn*. Hie ihow of horses wa» superior to anything we have aver teen hitherto in Uie colony, and great SretU* W'UIIC W VUU vrvsussi »*iisiw»»'M» *u» www s^juvw condition in' which their exhibit* were brought for ward. Th* draught stallions we«e particularly tine, but, to ibow our onokwardnes* in the produotioua of tint great essential to farming operation*— the draught animal for ploughing and wagon purposes — thei» was not a ?ingle exhibit ot a Queensland bred draught mare. One imported and tome Tat manian mams were exbiblted, and a teum of njilon. did brood animsli from Haa^lttgton Hill, but im ported originally from Tasmania. Great diautikfaotlBJi w»» expressed by several proprietor* of oolonial bred ?took, becauee they had to uompute with Imported animal* ; tbn latter Iwlng forwarded year after mar. and carrying off first ubek. .Dmba^^^tbitionoftiilidMDrip Cam of *Mfc to ? gt«4 aivw^aMMB* far.th* pro prietois, but it is n matter for consideration whether it would not teuil mure 4iiaterially to the iniprcve m«ut of coluuial atouk by uatablishiny; a sejiamtts class for oolouiil liroJ animals, or by tbe insertion of a cl»oso in the ragulntions that horses which have carried off a first-class priee two year* in euoacssion should not be eligible for further competition. ( Tbe exhibition of Jblood *tookM,«* very oreditiMe to tbe parties concerned, and we are pleased to iiud euch grb»t atteution . ii being paid to our bor«o stock, which, ainiK aeparatioufroiu the old colony of -'ew South Wales, has been in a. moat deplorable . state. For years uo importations of animals from Europe jtookr.place, and in ail the colonies, not only were druuxht and toaddle horses of austilul charac ter an obsdlute animal, but the -bush in' every direo- r tion was covered with wild animabi utterly useless for domettic 'purposes, aud a nuisance to station proprietors, and it ia a moat gratifyiou event to sen such splendid animals as tbe recent exhibits ; at the same time we should have been better pleased to have seen a few of the Cleveland stamp, the coach ing stallion of Yorkshire, capable of producing a lint-class hunter or saddle hackuoy as well as up standing carriage horses. Wu should keep iu mind that wo have a tirst-rato market for our surplus stock of good character in India; and tbe Torres Strain line of steamers will prove the me ins of speedy transit, while the risk of loss and damage is greatly diminished. Tbe cattle exhibits towards the close of a serere winter, such as that we are now experiencing, could scarcely be expected to be very attractive, but we were agreeably surprised to Bee stock in such spleu iliii condition, aud several very fat specimens of the bovine trilie. Much dissatisfaction was expressed upon the merits of the judgment given, mid prizes autrdud, showing how invidious is the duty of a judge at these exhibitions where local joabmsies aliound on every siile. The exhibits were confined to thi' short horn ami Hereford breeds, anil some magnificent bulls of both types were brouuht forward. We were gla-l to »tie mmie young stock of a very pro mising character, and we th.ill be much mistaken it in a year or two they -lo not prove furinMuble com petitors for public favors. As ineutioued in our last issue, the majority of the prizes in t!ie sheep cUsaes fell to Messrs. Manhall and Slide, uf uleugallan, these ge:itl?incn h.iviuj; been awarded no le.is than five iujj-j in the 11 clothing' cla-«B, two lirst-cl.iss «ertitic:it.!sin th« onarae-wool'.e'i uhsstn, an.l the certihcitu fur mai.len | ewox (Bankers' aud Merchants' Prize) in the clothing I ilepartiiieut. UnforfunaUly there were only tun | exhibits fur the first chauce iu the valaible prize I otlorel for cuiuuetition by the B inkers' and ' Marcliuutl' of tjueuusland, ami consuqueiitly the I 'tirst It^' will have to Iib ailjiiHte.l in the next exhibition. The chiTD;-inii ram in this section wm ! e«hitiited by Messrs. Shaualian and Jenniii,^, ami the champion ewe by Mi'stirs. M:irahall and -bde. !S«ciinil-vliMS curkiticates, in the clothing classes were awarded to Mesirs. C. II. Gi'oen. B. C. I'nrr, Marshall and Sladis. aud Kent an.l Wieuholt. In thn noinbin|{ cliians three c ipi wvre n»;ir.l«l to Messrs. G. Clark auil Co., viz, for the cha-iipinn ewe anil ram, ami the two best combing rains in the exhibition. The Henling-o.i tl ill (l..ck also obtained the silver c.ip for the hwt (2j coloui;il ewes m this ilcpirtnieiit ; and M-;s»rs Hell Hint Sons carried off the tr.iphies aw.irdu I to the l«st run W:rt9 (i| and m lioj.,'eM (2. in claisi-s 10 aa.l 11 of the aaine ne^ti.m. Jverniil-claw. ccrtific.itcs were awanled to Meiirs. O. Cla-k a:id Co., KkII mid Sons, Kent an.l Wienh.ilt CJI : and tlie tint cimuce in the B inkers' an.l MurchvitV ririKfl f..r uiai leu ewes uf this el:i»i w;n nbtainml hy il»-.-:»-«. (i. CUik ami C ?., the Jinil.oiir 11 -cU d servcdlir iibtiiniui; second b nuirs. In en ir^i-wmill'il shei-o ^ie?wM. .Iihvij. and Mi^liL-ll nuiint:iiii«l thiir well-earue.1 aiipram. y '..y c-irryiiy 'If I'm cup *llut«-l t- the tiist j-mi of r»:n's ii this ai:ot.i.in. MitHfi-d. Hoilgiiin itml ilaruaay ubtiiined the ciiji for tbe beat ewes (2) in tiiis ilepartment ; ainl si.'cnn I cl (Si certilicaLin were aujnlK.! to C. B. K-s'i«r. Wienh..lt «ri«.. Sbanahaiiaiiil.ruiiiiiius, and J-.-aiup ami Mi-hell. In fiin-wmille.1 ehpc|i fie lirat pre iniiini wai obtained hv Meisrs. (i. Chirk and Co.. mid tho mchiiiI by Mr C. B Puller; a!n! in li.ilf lireii* t'ie same exliiliimr eoiTiired ilnul-i^ lion irs with th.- superb nniin.ils bn.n-lit iu from !le^!i;i ton Hill for exhibition ou this .icc-winn. In t»ie ileparuni.nt .Icvite 1 to tiie rxliiMtion of tbnroii -librfid utock. first i;lai- certitie.ius wi-rr awinl.;.! f- It. II a'id Sous for the b,;.,t slillio.i (Stiver K.ix, hv Yitfteiiil ? and the be t y«i:lin colt (1'idiiar. Ipv IVa.K-lif.b.irK] In tlu- two yerti's ol i cbiiH. the pnt-'was ..btaiiw I by Mr U C M C m nell's -TociJ.' by B.irb, out uf NiinMufo.it, tin Tii.ilhiecolt (Mewrs. Li-r.l it i'.i-. j l.-ioi; out .if coii'lilmn after liii late vovi^e. From the fiiijicrlj exhibition of il-.iug'nt eutiiex tbe judges stbeted the limi'lsiune youu^ ' Kuturjinzj.' im|»irteil bv Wieuholt Bpis , lint l-xchIIuicc iu nearly evur.t point w.ir apparent in every ??nhibit. a:iil we have to cun gratulate our a-riuiilturiil friemln upon the uran.I S'deciion now at thiir iliip'isil for the iioprnieineiit of dran-ht «t-i;k. In t'i'» d-ctimi prlzjs were awarded us folloirs : -Draught st illiuu (.1 years ami over|, Wieuholt Bros., ' lirst class cjrtiti^tr Draught nrnllinn (2 years), Wienholt Bros., ti'st ila«s certilic^te. Ur.m^lit iu»n; (3 y-ar* anil ov«r|. Wuinholt Bros , lirst.ul««K curtilicit«. Uiaiight lilly (1 year old). Wieuholt Itr.B. H ickuey, Mr ii. C. Cory, first-class ceriilicate. Hu.iter. Moats. Hmlgmn n-nd lUniKiy. first- clais ctriitic:it-!. P.t.r carriase tiorsas, Mr \V. B. Tw.lh, «r»t-ela« ceitili cite. Weight car.-ying h:v.Wn«y, Mr G. G. Cory. firat-cUss certificate. I'nir buggy hones, L. E Lester, first-cln-s CKrtitic ite. In the cittle clas-es, the silver cup for the cham pion boll (Durham l.renl) h:is awarded t.i Lor.l lied Eyes tlie 5th. tliu |trn|i-srty of Mwrs. -ii»rc ami Co. . and tht. cup all itt.«d to the chaimiinn cow «».« ol.ttinid by Bell anil Sons' Hriucess Purple the 8lh. but tbe Westbrook ?' i!ub-' was a mo lei beast. a:id richly deserved a npjci.it priu ri this el in. Silver Lrnpliifg olsfl Here aw .inluil t - Gore and ('-i for the lw»t hull of 3 yearn .and upwards, ami for (he lies! live 2 to 3 ycirs oM h.iifcra. A certiticite of the tirst- ulani was ananlfd to .Mr II. Brm-kvr'* 3 y^ir oil bull, ' luifwiial 1'urple 111.. 18th.' and tho aiieuial priw iu d.iss 47 t' Jlr M'Cunn«ir» two year old ' British Statesman.' The cap for the yearling bull was nwinle.l t-- livll and .S.xiB I'rioco uf the Purple No. 1. .??jinil.ir honors were obtained by neUjri,. ly.-u mil) o-*.i3 Hi but; uc?b t.ino^.-»^i. .-..,?» :ow, by Mi.ssr*. Mvhall a id 8lt le for ths beet renrling heifers, ami by Mr C. B. Fisher fur the last one to two yeir ol I heifur. Certilidtes of the irBtcl.-iss in tli'sdiviuiini were awarded to Messrs tiore and Co. for the K'St cii« (2 to 3 yeirs) ami Ui Mr D. C. M'Cnnuell for the beat heifer calf uinler »ne year. Sejonl-clv-n ci-rlilioit-* w.'re obLiiuvl ?)V Messrs. M.-vr shall and Sladu for th-.ir bull (3 ft!.irs and upn-arla), by Mr C. B. Kisher for a hull \i to 3 years), by M«-sr?. Shanahs-i an.l .le'inings Fur their cow (3 year* ami nver), by Messrs. Mamhill mil Sla-le for a cow 2 to 3 years, ami by Messrs. F. ami -;. I'rimrpse for their pen of rive heifers, 2 to 3 years old. In llurefords, the champinn*cup was awarded to Messru. Miirtnnd Crate's ' Victor.' ami tvrtitiontes r-( the ftrrt-cluSA uere obtained by Mr II. Brncker Fur the best cow (3 years an.l over), by Gore am) Ou. for the best pi imf three fat ciws. mid hy Muisra. Moit and Crace for the best tmil (3 years and over). Seco. nl-ulass certificates in this division were nwarde-.l to Mr T. Coutts and to &lessra.; Kent ami Wienholt. There wa* only n mnall show in tb« clisscs in cluded in the Kxtra Prize Schodule. A certilicilc of the lirat cla« wa* nwunled to Mr J. W. (iriiiies fnr tbe best pen uf fowls, to Mr J. .Little for the liest retriei-er, to Mr .1. Carter for the twst grey hound, nml to Mr K. Hutchum for the best eliccp dog ami the best kangaroo' .log. A special prit. was awarded to .Mr C K. Crave fur bis Krayliounil. In the portion of the grounds allotted to the exhibition of agricultural implements, 4c, we noticed several ploughs of fir»t-ulans mannVaDlu'-e, hnrrotvs ami cultivators of improved construction, exhibited by Mr *. M'Uougtill, agriculUiral ini)ile ment maker, of Toownnmlia ; iiIko two draya of Biiporjor niaiiitfnctdre, exhibited by Mr 3. Stirling, nf Tnnwoomlia, aud a stylish buugy, exhibited by Hnrford and Co , of Warwick. The Mexars. Trcvi:thai- iidoptfld a practical method nf eidiihitJiif; the stylo of vehicle* their allows ara oanable o proBcntiug to their cuiitoincra by furnishing Mr Liu'lenburg with one .if the Iitate4 and luott stylish family carriages that appeared on the grounds. Much interest wa* exhibited iu tho exhibits of Griffiths Dmthera and Oo , nf the Tonwoomlm Poundry, and particularly in the rack aud pinion wool-press designed Iiy the matnifauturer*. Tliii pros* tl oalunlateil to pmvide » Urge increase nf power, and by a atmpliftoatian of this ineuhAuical parti, to mtttre greater ilurability At a pries onn m'Herably below th« oo»v*f -tho old atylt of pramM -rfiU»A»ori|-titta. TheM**ws. Moito,t.f Hfeh Reids, alen exhibitnd specimens of aawn timber ob tained from the tion log. cut at the' Argyle Mills, recently npeneil by them ou (Johaill Oreek. ? In the 'iniaeellaueouo' department wuobiwrvea several sniuplns of nnsar exhibited by Mi»srs. H. Marivodel aud Co.; of Tnowooinbas also «ome choice specimens of saddlery from the establishments of Mugsre. (iajdou aud Macdonald,- M. Bullock, and 3\. Blackburn. In each exhibit the perfoctioa nf workmanship was exhibited, and judges Hiore com petent than ourselves were unable' to arrive at a decisive opinion as to the particular specimen to which the palm should be acounled. A fine show of cart and bujnty harness was made by the gentle men above alluded to ; and Messrs. J. &ud; G. Harris exhibited samples of great excellence of cart aud buggy harneBs, boots and ghosts, saddles, mill-belting, poitin.iuteaii9. &c.; luauufuctured xt their Brisbiue establisbuout. Tbe Messra. Camp bell also exhibited some exquisite specimens of their handicraft iu ladies' and gentlemen's boots and shoes, the workmanship displayed iu each exhibit being considered the perfection of the cordwaiuur'e art. A number of pretty specimens of wire work, exhibitel by Mr, I. H. Thompson, of Russell- street, iiml Mr J. Filshie, of Ruthveu-straet, Toowoomba, al»n attracted general attention. Mr C. H. liitrtminn a* usual contributed mitori ally to the attractions in this department nf the exhibition. His collection ciusiatel of choice fu.ll age a-id Dowering pUuts, exquisite bouquntu, ipeci iimns of citrous, sh^ildocku, aud limes, aud Uftueo ViirietieB of or.inges. A pen of blaclt Bwans, osliibited by Mr J. C. White, wasgiOAtly admired, an 1 the sam'f remark will apply to tbe pojlcry cxh.bitsd by Messra. J. W. Grimes aud J. Little. The Headiiigtou Hill team, in charpe of ' George,' the urcll-kiiowu c^rti:r, cngrosbed the atteutiou of iigriculturiata, and excited the envy of many uf our local carriers and horse owners. The proceedings connected with the exhibition were cn:ducto.l without accident or ilitficulty of any description, ami we believe that the gatekeeper, Mr Freiicu, has .» .ison to congratulate the Committee ou the success of this tho fourtucuth cxUibitiou of the Koyal Agricultural Society. 