USU2E3 THE PULPIT. AT CHALMERS' CHURCH. Contents. — The Prcsbytcmnism of Clialiner3 anil Scots' Churches— Po'itical.Economy in the Pulpit, and Carriages at tho Door— Dr. Cairns an Anachronism — Mr. Woods and his Party, from a_ Doctrinal Point of View — Doginatiq Preaching and the Modern Mind. The Prc3byterianism of Chalmers' Church is a very different thing from tho Pre shy- terianism that the Rev. Mr. Stobbs deals out, to his congregation at the Scots' Church; doc. trinally and ceremonially different. Tho- transition from one to tho other affects tho visitor as his entry into Charon's boat, whichf carried only ghosts and spirits, might have!) affected -'Eneas. Gcniuit sub pondere cyraba Subiilis. You are conscious of breathing a divine ecthcr than the air of common life, in which stalk about the ghosts of the old tlieologicalj controversies that once played their part in) sublunar pulpits — shadowy discussions! about imputed righteousness, tho functions of tho Devil and the preferential title of pauperism to the kingdom of Heaven. Tho first utterance let you into tho secret of tho genius loci at once. The text was — "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and TTiq righteousness, and all these things shall bo added unto you," and the sermon which commented on it was exactly such a sermon as you might have hoard from the lips of evangelical preachers of the Calvinistic typo thirty or forty years ago, the whole art of which consisted in thickening tbe con. sistency of the conventional dogmatic com. monplaccs with a duo amount of soripturo phraseology and of solid lumps of text." The preacher, Dr. Cairns, first proceeded to dislocate his text in tho old- fashioned way, and then take joint by joint in their serial order. "Seek ye first," "tho Kingdom of God," "His Righteousness," "all other things shall be added." Of course I knew what was coming. "If I know your sect, I anticipate your argument," says a living work-a-day philosopher, " and I know that not possibly can you any a new and spon. taneous word about tho expediency of any one of the institutions of your church." Tho desire of saying anything new does not enter iti to Dr. Cairns's theory of preaching, indeed. The devil, for instance, is a prominent figure in tlio divine scheme of things in Chalmers' Church, but not ono single word did I hear about him to indicate that any progress had been made in the study of his natural history. Wo wero warned that He is the Prince of Darkness, that lie has a kingdom, that every human creature born into the world is his serf and subject, and that ho is a murderer and deceiver from tho beginning. In fact, he is still the Auld Clootie of our youth, and nothing more. Dr. Cairns is such a conservative that ho will not abate one jot or tittle of tho traditional diabolic enlourarjc. He not only gives liim a prescriptive right to every member of tho congregation in Chalmers' Church, but ho declares it to bo absolutely and dogmatically true that not one of them can bo saved from his clutches by any exertions of his own. "Some of tho new theologians will tell you that tho love of God will be sufficient to redeem you from your bondage. The love of God is in. finite, no doubt, but it will not suffice with. nnf. fhfl fLnninr/ snnrifinn nf filiriafc Tf. io — q hi3 righteousness, and his alone, that can appeal to God in your behalf. Tho doctrino of. imputed righteousness, like many other of tho good old doctrinesof the Bible, is being attempted to be eliminated from it by the new school, but it is an impious fallacy to think wc can do without it." Kc pedc Her culcm. From this sample it is easy to form an opinion of the theology that obtains in Dr. Cairns's pulpit; and as the church was well filled, I suppose it ft a theology that is more or less consonant with tho feelings and tastes of those who imbibe it. Humility and self-vilification doubtless utcr largely into his ethical and mental composition, for throughout his discourse an almost distressing emphasis was placed upon the necessity of deeming ourselves worthless and uuworthy sinners. The text favored tho design, which embraced a severe denunciation of riches and the popular prejudice in favor of large credit balances. Tho truo Chris tian, after tbe Cairns pattern, was a man who took no thought for the morrow, who remembered that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of tbe lilies of the field, and who left it to his Heavenly Father to feed and clothe and shelter him. "Does not the text say, all these things shall be added, and believe me, it will be as it says. It will never fail. God will never fail. I tell you there never has been a failure. ' I have been young and now am old, and yet never saw I the righteous for saken, or bis seed begging their bread.' " ! This was not said miuciugly or with any reservation that I could detect. On tho contrary, it was said with the air of a man who entertained tho strongest possible mental convictions about tho genuineness and authenticity of hia own belief — of a man who was speaking from his own per. sonal experience — who had never heard of the economic doctrine of human efforts in its relation to tho moral and physical well-being of society — who had never seen- tho wicked prosper in- spite of his wicked ness, and never had occasion to ascertain for himself how much of the sin and ciime "which . oih the streets of the fair city in which he lives is due to pauperism — or, in ' other words, to some .organic lesion in that wery accumulative faculty which he would Hiavc the capitalists who sit under his pulxiit >kecp in a state of functional prostration or -Euspemion ! 1 suppose it is all right. There are teusible men at large in the 'world who carry their sympathy with st heir fellow men to the verge of (practical fanaticism, who lire house- .'hokleis and citizens, who are not professional . preachers cither, who nevertheless write and talk as it they regarded political economy as an uu-criptural science, a diabolic science in fact. Mr. Buskin is one of these men, and I suppose Dr. Cairns is another. "1 once heard a preacher who sorely tempted me to say I would go to church no 'more. Men go, thought I, where they are wont to go, else had no soul entered the temple that morning. A snow-storm was falling around us. The snow-storm was real, the preacher merely spectral ; and the eye felt the sad contrast in looking at him and then out into the world behind him. He had lived in vain. He had no word intimating that he had laughed or wept, was married or in love, had been commended, or cheated, or chagrined. Yet lie had ploughed, and planted, and tilled, and bought and sold ; he had read hooks ; he had eaten and drunken ; his head aches ; his heart throbs ; he smiles and suffers ; yet there, was not a hint or surmise in all his discourse that he had ever lived at all. It could not be told from his sermon what age of the world he fell in; whether he had a father or a child ; whether he was a freeholder or a pauper ; whether ho was a citizen or a countryman ; or any other fact of hi3 biography. It scorned strange that the people should como to church. It soemed as if their liouses'inuat he very uneutertaining, that tlicy should prefer this thoughtless clamor." This is Emerson's reflection, and it occurred to me uncalled, as I left the neighborhood of Dr. Cairns's pulpit, to find myself confronted by the spectacle of richly-caparisoned carriages at the church door. Were the carriages real, and only the sermon a fiction ? What was I to say to myself ? What would the owners of the carriages say to them selves ? These questions, and this reflection — is it wise to provoke them ? Can any preacher provoke them, and he said to be consulting the interests of his pulpit, or to have . any real hold upon the intellects or the hearts of his people ? The anomaly was made all the more real and palpable by the further reflection that' it wa3 Sunday, and that Dr. Cairns is reputed to be one of the most rigid and punctilious of Sabbatarians. If it was a work of necessity that tbc owners of these oarriages should come to church' to listen to sentiments in which they could have no , possible interest, and hear theories of life \- propounded to them which were as alien to their own lives as the speculations of tbo philosophers of Lagoda, was it a matter of necessity that they should violate that part of the fourth com mandment which enjoined them to give rest to their servants and their cattle ? As if in aggravation of their inconsistency, with his usual warmth and heartiness of tone — -which is as refreshing as it is singular, in -those days of theological poco-curantism, when ouo too often gathers from the de meanor of the preacher that he has no more conscious sympathy with th9 rite3 that ho per forms than the augur Cicero had with the pecking of the sacred chickens — Dr. Cairns had referred to an event that had "signalised the political history of the past week, and preserved their Sabbath for them pure and holy as the day of rest it : was intended to be, thus saving the land from a great scandal, and evoking a thanks- giving to God for having put it into the hearts of our representatives to confound the -'machinations of those thoughtless sinners" who would have legislated for its desecration rif they could have had their way. I need not say that I am not going to re-open a still suppurating. wound, but I fancy the next time the " miserable sinners" are invited to dis cuss Mr. Woods's motion, they will certainly, appeal from Dr. Cairns's precepts to the practices of hi3 congregation. .And if they do, Jthey will find no inconclusive argument in their favor. In the meantime, let me say .that the reference to their miscon duct, though not very flattering, was not altogether unwelcome, if it was only that it woke up a passing human interest in a ministration that was sadly lacking in impulses from the daily life of the nineteenth century. I do not admit that party politics are the business of a clergyman, though Pro fessor Seely has given his dictum to the con trary. A certain class of public questions jvould undoubtedly be the better for being taken up by the pulpit, uor could the moral in structors of the community be better employed than in inculcating the moral obligations which begirt some of the great social problems of the d ly. Arnold in England,. Chalmers in Scotland, and Clianning and Parker in America have shown how large a field lies open for the cultivation of those who are -ambitious of uniting the ministerial character, like the prophets of old, with that of. the jpoht'cal guides -of their nation. But the worst of it is, the clergy betray too much of the temper of the viaitre dc jphilosop'ue in Moliere'a play, whom M. Jourdain called in only to discover that,, instead of being calm aiid collected, as the umpire inany controversy.oughttobe, he was the most furiou3 of partisans. The language which Dr. Cairns applied to Mr. Woods's friends partakes strongly of this intem perate zeal. It is the language, not of Dr. Caiius individually, but of his order. V\ e all remember, for instance, how Dr. John son, who was a churchman out of canonical. called the devil the first Whig ; and only within the last twelve months we may have read how the Tory occu pants of the English pulpit raked, the Bible through to furnish offensive similitudes to fling at the Liberal leaders; Mr. Gladstone being likened to Hamau, Achitophel and other doubtful political characters, while a parallel to the Premier, Mr. Disraeli, on the contrary, could only be found in "little Benjamin, our ruler." The way in which lie cautioned them, after the sermon was brought to a close, to refrain from attending "any of these church parades, which are more exhibitions of vanity," and at one of which, by the way, his reverend colleague, Mr. Stobt>3, was at that moment preaching, shows that he claims little less than pontifical authority over them, ana that he feels himself entitled to dictate to them in matters which clearly invite tole- ranee and compromise. Compromise is no part of liis theology. He had already re- fcrred with savage emphasis to what lie called the "new theologians," who were seeking to eliminate the old dogmas from Bible.teaching, and in the same spirit he announced that lie proposed next Sunday to deliver a discourse upon "undogmatic preaching." I am happy to give hiru the benefit of a little gratuitous publicity to his design, but' I doubt the wisdom of it; and I am very much afraid that the dogmas of which he seems so enamored have as little iuterest for the majority of church-goers now-a- days as the rites of Osiris or Apollo, and that upon the miserable sinner who finds himself worried and bewildered with the conflicting claims of fore- ordination and such like they have just as little effect. 