CHAPTER VII-CHURCH SCARSDALE. I think nil the females of our household, except Mrs. Busk, who was t.t open feud-with her, and had only room for tho fiercer emotions, were more or less afraid of this inauspicious foreigner. Mrs. Husk would say in her confidences in my room " Where (loos she come from ?-is she a French or a Swiss ono, or is she a Canada woman ? I re member one of them when I was a girl, and a nice limb she was, too ! And who did she live with ? Where was her last family ? Not one of us knows nothing about lier, no more than a child; except, of course, the Master-1 do suppose he made in quiry. She's always at hugger-mugger with Ann "Wisted. I'll pack that one about her business if she don't mind. Tattling and whispering eternally. It's not about her own business slic'.s a-t¡üking. Madame de la Itougepot 1 call her. She does know how to paintuptotheninety- nines-shedoes,tho old cat, I beg your pardon, Miss, but that she is-a devil, and nu mistake. 1 found her out first by her thieving tho master's gin, that the doctor ordered him, and Ailing the decanter up with water -tho oki villain ; but she'll be found out yet, she will; and all tho maids is afraid on her. She's not right, they think-a witcli or a ghost-1 should not wonder, Catherine Jones found her in her bcd asleep in the morning after she sulked with you, you know, Miss, with all her clothes on, whatever was the meaning; and I think sho luis frightened you, Miss, and hos you as nervous us any th ink 1 do," and so forth. ' It was true-I urns nervous, and growing rather more so; and I think this cynical woman perceived ami intended it, and was pleaded. I was always afraid of her concealing herself in my room, and emerging at night to scare mo She began sometimes to mingle in my dreams, too -always awfully; ami this nourished, of course, the kind of ambiguous fear in which, in walking hours, 1 held her. _ I dreamed ono night that sho led me, all the time whispering something so very fast that I could not understand her, into the library, holding a caudle in her other hand abovo her head. "We walked on tiptoe, like criminals at the dead of night, and stopped before that old oak cabinet which my father had indicated in so odd a way to nie. I felt that AVG wore about somo contraband practice. Thcrowas a key in tho door, which I experienced a guilty horror "at turning, she whisper ing in the same unintelligible way,'till tho time, at my oar. 1 did turn it-the door opened quito softly, and within stood my father ; his face wliito and malignant, and glaring closo in mine. Ile cried in ii. tembló voice, " Death !" Out went Madame's candle, and at the same moment, with a scream, I walked in tho dark-ntill fancying myself in the library; and for an hour after'1. continued in a hysterical state, (TO BF. CONTINUHDO 