THE NOVELIST. UÑOLE SILAS. Br J. S. LE F.VNU. CHAPTER, XV.-A WARNING. I sat still, listening and -wondering, .and wondering and listening ; but I ought to have known that no sound could reach me where I was from my father's study. Five minutes passed, and tliey did not return. Ten, fifteen. I drew near the fire and made myself comfortable . in a great arm-chair, looking on the embers, but not seeing all tho scenery and dramatis personco of my past lifo or future fortunes, in their shifting glow, as people in romances usually clo ; but 'fanciful castles and caverns in blood-red and golden glare, suggestive of dreamy fairy-land, sala manders, sunsets, and palaces of fire- kings, and all this partly shaping and jDartly shaped by my fancy, and leading my closing eyes and drowsy senses off into dream-land. So I nodded and dozed, and sank into a deep slumber, from which I was roused by the voice of my Cousin Monica. On opening my eyes, I saw nothing but. Lady lvnollys'faco looking steadily into mine, and expanding into a good-natured laugh as she^ watched the vacant and lack-lustre stare with" which I returned her gaze. " Come, dear Maud, it is late ; you ought to have been in your bed an hour ago." Up I stood, and so soon as I had began to hear and see aright, it struck me that Cousin Monica was more grave and subdued than I had seen her. " Come, let us light our candles, and go together." Holding hands, Ave ascended,! sleepy, she silent ; and not a word was spoken until we reached my room. Mary Quince was in waiting, and tea made. " Tell her to come hack in a few minutes ; I wish to say a word to you," said Lady Knollys. The maul accordingly withdrew. Lady Knolly's eyes followed her till she closed the door behind her. " I'm going in the morning." " So soon !" " Yes, dear ; I could not stay ; in fact I should have gone to-night, but it was too late, and I leave instead in the morning." "I am so sorry-so very sorry," I exclaimed, in honest disappointment, and the walls seemed to darken round me, and the monotony of the old rou tine loomed more terrible in prospect. " So am I, dear Maud." " But can't you stay a little longer ; won't you ?" " No, Maud, I'm vexed with Austin-very much vexed with your father ; in short, I can't conceive anything so entirely preposterous, and dangerous, and insane as his conduct, now that his eyes are quite opened, and I must say a word to you before 1 go, and it is just this-you must cease to be a mere child, you must try and be a woman, Maud ; now don't bo frightened or foolish, but hear me out. The woman-what does she call herself-Kougierre ? I have reason to believe is, in fact, from circumstances, must be your enemy ; you will lind her very deep, daring, and unscrupulous, I venture to say, and you can't be too much on your guard. Do you quite under stand me, Maud ?" "I do," said I, with a gasp, and my eyes fixed on her with a terrified interest, as if on a warning ghost.. " You must bridle your tongue, mind, and govern your conduct, and command even your features. It is hard to practise reserve ; but you mast-you must be secret and vigilant. Try and be in appear ance just as usual; don't quarrel; tell her nothing, if you do happen to know anything, of your father's business ; bo always on your guard when with her, and keep your oyo upon her everywhere. Observe everything, disclose nothing-do you see ?" .' Yes," again I whispered. " You have good, honest servants about you, and, thank God, they don't like her. "But you must not repeat to them one word I am now saying to you. Servants are fond of dropping hints, and letting tilings ooze out in that way, and in their quarrels with her, would compromiso you-you understand me ?" " I do," I sighed, with a wild stare. "And-and, Maud, don't let her meddle with your food." Cousin Monica gave me a pale little nod, and looked away. I could only stare at her; and under my breath I uttered an ejaculation of terror. " Don't bo so frightened ; you must not be foolish; I only wish you to be upon your guard. 1 have my suspicions, but I may be quite wrong ; your father thinks I am a fool ; perhaps I am-porhapa not ; maybe he may come to think as I do. But you must not speak to him on the subject; ho's an odd man, and never did and never will act wisely, when his passions and prejudices are engaged." "Has she over committed any great crime?" I asked, feeling as if I were on the point of faint ing. No, dear Maud, I never said anything of the kind ; don't be so frightened ; I only said I have formed, from something I know, an ill opinion of her ; and au unprincipled person, under temptation, is capable of a great deal. But no lintier how wicked she may be, you may defy her, simply by assuming lier to be so, and acting with caution ; she is cunning and selfish, and she'll do nothing desperate. But I would give her no opportunity." "Oh, dear! Oh, Cousin Monica, don't leave rae." 1 " My dear, I can't stay ; your papa and I-we've had a quarrel. I know I'm right, and he's wrong and he ll come to see it soon, if he's loft to himself and then all will bo right. But just now he mis understands me, and we've not been civil to one another. I could not think of staying, and he would not allow you to come away with me for a short visit, which I wished. It won't last though . and I do assure you, my dear Maud, I am quite happy about you now that you are quite On your guard. Just act respecting that person as if she were capable of any treachery, without showing distrust or dislike in your manner, and nothing remains inlier power; and write to me whenever you wish to hear from mo, and if I can be of any real use, I don't care, I'll como; so there's a wise' little woman ; do as I'vo said, and depend upon it everything will go well, and I'll contrive before long to get that nasty creaturo away." Except a kiss and a few hurried words in the morning when she was leaving, and a pencilled farewell for papa, thea's was nothing more from Cousin Monica for some time. Ivnowl Avas dark again-darker than ever. My father, gentle always to me, was now-perhaps it was contrast with his fitful return to something like tho world's ways, during Lady Knollys' stay -more silent, sad, and isolated that before.' Of Madame de la llougierre I had nothing at first particular to remark. Only, reader, if you happen to be a rather nervous and very young girl, I ask you to conceivo my fears and imaginings, and tho kind of misery which I was suffering. Its inten sity I cannot now even myself recall. But it over shadowed me perpetually-a care-an alarm, lt lay down with me at night and got up with me in the morning, tinting and disturbing my dreams, and making my daily life terrible. I wonder now that J lived through the ordeal. The torment was secret and incessant, and kept my mind in unin termitting activity. Externally things went on at Knowl for some weeks in the usual routine. Madame was, so far as her unpleasant ways were concerned, less tormenting than before, and constantly reminded me of "our leetlevow of friendship you remember, dearest Maud !" and she would stand beside nie, and look from the window with her bony arm I round my waist, and my reluctant hand drawn round hero, and thus she would smile, and talk affectionately, and even playfully ; for at times she would grow quito girlish, and smile with her great carious teeth; and begin to quiz and babble about the young "faylows," and tell bragging taleB of her lovers, ail of which were dreadful to me. She was perpetually recurring, too, to the charm ing walk we had had together to Church Scarsdale, and proposing a repetition of that delightful ?excursion, which, you may be sure, I evaded, having by no means so agreeable a recollection of our visit. One day as I was dressing to go out for a walk in came good Mrs. Rusk, the housekeeper, to my room. "Miss Maud, dear, is not that too far for you? It is a long walk to Church Scarsdale, and you aro not looking very well." "To Church Scarsdale?" I repeated; "I'm not going to Church Scarsdale ; who said I was going to Church Scarsdale ? There is nothing I should so much dislike." " Well, I never!" exclaimed she. "Why there's old Madame's been down stairs with me for fruit and sandwiches, telling me you were longing to go to Church Scarsdale-" " It's quite untrue," I interrupted. " She knows I hate it." ".She does?" said Mrs. Rusk, quietly; "and you did not tell her nothing about the basket ? Well if there isn't a story ! Now what may she be after -what is it-what is she driving at?" " I can't tell, but I won't go." " No, of course, dear ; you won't go. But you may be sure there's some scheme in her old head. Tom Fowkes says he's bin two or three times to drink tea at Farmer Gray's-now, could it be she's thinking to marry him?" And Mrs. Rusk sat clown and laughed heartily, ending with a crow of derision. " To think of a young fellow like that, and his wife, poor thing, not dead a year-maybe she's got money ?" " I don't know-I don't care-perhaps, Mrs Rusk, you mistook Madame. I will go down; I am going out." Madame had a basket in her hand. She held it quietly by her capacious skirt, at the far side, and made no allusion to the preparation, neither to the direction in which she proposed walking, and prattling artlessly and affectionately she marched by my side. Thus we reached the stile at the sheep-walk, and then I paused. " Now, Madame, have not we gone far enough in this direction ?-suppose we visit the pigeonhouse in the park ?" " Wat folly ! my dear Maud-you cannot walk so far." " Well, towards home then." " And wy not a this way ? We ave not walk enough, and Mr. ltuthyn he will not be pleased if you clo not take proper exercise. Let us walk on by the path, and stop when you like." " Where clo you wish to go, Madame ?" "Nowhere particular-come along; don't be fool, Maud." " This leads to Church Scarsdale." " A yes indeed ! wat sweet place ! boto wo need not a walk all the way to there." "I'd rather not walk outside the grounds today, Madame." '. Como. Maud, you shall not be fool-wat you mean, Mademoiselle ?" said tho stalwart lady, growing yellow and greenish with an angry mottl ing, and accosting me very gruffly. "I don't care to cross the stile, thank you, Madame. I shall remain at this side." " You shall do wat I tell you !" exclaimed she. I "Let go my arm, Madame, you hurt ms" I I cried. She had griped my arm very firmly in her great I bony hand, and seemed preparing to drag me over by main force. "Let me go," I repeated shrilly, for the pain in creased, " La!" she cried with a smile of rage and laugh, letting mo go and shoving mo backward at tho 3ame*time, so that I had a rather dangerous tumble, , I stood up, a good deal hurt, and very angry notwithstanding my fear of her. « PU ask papa it I am to be so ill-used." "Wat av I-done?" cried Madame, laughing crimly from her hollow jaws ; " I did all I could ? to help you over-'ow could I prevent you to pull hack and tumble if you would do so ? That is the Way wen you petites Mademoiselles are naughty and hurt yourself they always try to make blame other people. Tell a wat you like-you think I care?" « Very well, Madame." "Are a you coming ?" "No." She looked steadily m my face and very wick edly. I gazed at her as with dazzled eyes-I sup pose as the feathered prey do at the owl that glares on them by night. I neither moved back nor for ward, but stared at her quite helplessly. " You aro a nice pupil-charming young person ! So polite, so obedient, so amiable ! 1 will walk towards Church Scarsdale," she continued, suddenly breaking through the conventionalism of her irony and accosting me in savage accents. "You weel stay behind if you dare. I tell you to accompany, do you hear ?" More than ever resolved against following her I remained where I was watching her as she marched fiercely away, swinging her basket as though in imagination knocking my head off with it. She soon cooled, however, and looking over hei shoulder, and seeing me still at the other side of the stile, she paused, and beckoned me grimly to follow her. Seeing me resolutely maintain my position, she faced about, tossed her head, like ai) angry beast, and seemed uncertain for a while what course to take with me. She stamped and beckoned furiously again. I stood firm. I was very much frightened, and could not tell to what violence she might resort in her exasperation. She walked towards me with an inflamed countenance, and a slight angry wag ging of the head ; my heart fluttered, and I awaited the crisis in extreme trepidation, She came close, the stile only separating us, and stopping short, glaring and grinning at mo like a French grenadier who has crossed bayonets, but hesitates to close. CHAPTER XVI.-DOOTOB BRYKRT.Y LOOKS IN. What had I done to excite this ungovernable ' fury? AYe had often beforo had such small dif ferences, and she had contented herself with being sarcastic, teasing, and impertinent. "So, for the future you are gouvernante and I the choaile for you to command- is not so ?-and you must direct where we shall walk. Tres bien ! we shall seo ; Monsieur lluthyn he shall know everything. Tor me I 'clo not care-not at all-I shall be rather pleased, on tho contrary. Let him decide. If I shall be responsible for the conduct and the health of Mademoiselle his daughter, it must be that I shall have authority to direct her wat she must do-it must be that she or I shall obey. I ask only witch shall command for the future-voila tout !" I was frightened, but resolute-I dare say I looked sullen anti uncomfortable. At all events she seemed to think she' might possibly succeed by wheedling ; so she tried coaxing and cajoling, and patted my cheek, and predicted that I would be " a good cheaile," and not " vex poor Madame," but do for the future " wat she tell a me." She smiled her wide wet grin, smoothed my hand, and patted my cheek, and would in the excess of her conciliatory paroxysm have kissed me; but I withdrew, and she commented only with a little laugh, and a "Foolish little thing! but you will be quite amiable just now." " Why, Madame," I asked, suddenly raising ray head and looking her straight in the face, "do you wish me to walk to Church Scarsdale so particu . larly to- day ?" She answered my steady look with a contracted gaze and au unpleasant frown. " Wy do I ?-I clo not understand a you; there is no particular day-wat folly ! "Wy, I like Church Scarsdale ? Well, it is such pretty placo. There is all! Wat leetle fool ! I suppose you think I want to keel a you and bury you in the churchyard ?" And she laughed, and it would not have been a bad laugh for a ghoul. " Come, my clearest Maud, you are not a such fool to say, if you tell me go thees a way, I weel go that; and if you sny go that a way, Ï weel go thees-you are rasona'ble leetle girl-come along -alons done- we shall av soche agreeable walk -weel a you ?" But I was immovable. It was neither obstinacy nor caprice, but a profound fear that governed me. I was then afraid-yes, afraid. Afraid of what ? Well, of going with Madame de la Rnugierro to Church Scarsdale that day. That was all. And I believe that instinct was true. She turned a bitter glance toward Church Scarsdale, and bit her lip. She saw that she must give it up. A shadow hung"upon drab features. A little scowl-a little sneer-wida lips compressed with a false smile, and a leaden shadow mottling all. Such was tho countenance of the lady who only a minute or two beforo had been smiling and murmuring over the stile so amiable with her idiomatic " blarney," as the Irish call that kind of blandishment. There was no mistaking the malignant disap pointment that hooked and warpod her features my heart sank-a tremendous fear overpowered nie. Had she intended poisoning me? What was in that basket ? I looked in her dreadful face. I felt for a minute quite frantic. A feeling of rage with my father, with my Cousin Monica for aban doning me to this dreadful rogue took possession of me, and 1 cried, helplessly wringing my hands "Oh! it is a shanie-it is a shame-it is a shame !" The countenance of the gouvernante relaxed. I think sho in turn was frightened at my extreme agitation. It might have worked unfavourably with my father. " Come, Maud, it is time you should try to control your temper. You shall not walk to Church Scarsdale if you do not like-I only invite. There! It is quite as you please, where wo shall walk then ? Hore to the peegeon-house ? I think you say. Tout bien ! Rorneiuber I concede you everything. Let us go." We went, therefore, towards the pigeon-house, through the forest treeB. I not speaking as the children iu the wood did with their sinister con ductor, but utterly silent and scared. She silent ! also, meditating, and sometimes with a sharp side i glance gauging my progress towards equanimity. : Her own was rapid; for Madame was a philo sopher, and speedily accommodated herself to cir- 1 cumstancos. Wo had not walked a quarter of an : hour when every trace of gloom had left her face, < which had assumed its customary brightness, and í she began to sing with a spiteful hilarity as we i walked forward, and indeed seemed to be ap- ' preaching one of her waggish, frolicsome moods. : But her fun in these moods was solitary. The joke i whatever it was, remained in her own keeping. | When we approached the ruined brick tower-in old times a pigeon-house-she grew quite frisky, : and twirled her basket in the air, and capered to her own singing. Under the shadow of the broken wall, and its ( ivy, she sat down with a frolicsome plump, and , opened her basket, inviting me. to partake, which , I declined. I must do her justice, however, upon tho suspicion of poison, winch she quite disposed of by gobbling up, to her own share, everything which tho basket contained. Tho reader is not to suppose that Madame's cheerful demeanour indicated that I was forgiven. ! Nothing of the kind. One syllable more, on our walk home, she addressed not to me. And when we reached the terrace, she said : " You will please, Maud, remain for two-three minutes in the Dutch garden, while I speak with Mr. Euthyn in the study." This was spokenjwith ajliigh head and an insuffer able smile; and I more haughtily, but quite gravely, turned without disputing, and descended the steps to the quaint little garden she had indi cated. I was surprised, and very glad to see my father there. I ran to him, and began, " Oh ! papa !" and then stopped short, adding only, "May I speak to you now?" Ile smiled kindly and gravely on me. " Well, Maud, say your say." " Oh, sir, it is only this ; I entreat that our walks, mine and Madame's, may be confined to the grounds." "And why?" * " I-I'm afraid to go with her." "Afraid!" he repeated, looking hard at me. " Have you lately had a letter from Lady Knollys?" " No, papa, not for two months or more." There was a pause. " And why afraid, Maud ?" " She brought mo one day to Church Scarsdale ; you know what a solitary place it is, sir; and she frightened me so that I was afraid to go with her into the churchyard. But she went and left me alone at the other side of tho stream, and an impu dent man passing by stopped and spoke to me, and seemed inclined to laugh at me, and altogether frightens .1 me very much, and he did not go till Madame happened' to return." " What kind of man-young or old ?" " A young man ; he looked like a farmer's son, but very impudent, and stood there talking to nie whether I would or not ; and Madame did not care at all, and laughed at me for being frightened ; and, indeed, I am very uncomfortablo with her." Ho gave me another shrewd look, and then looked down cloudily and thought. " You say you are uncomfortable and frightened. How is this-what causes these feolings ?" "I don't know, sir; she likes frightening me; I am afraid of her-we are all afraid'of her, I think. The servants, I mean, as well as I." My father nodded his head contemptuously, twice or thrice, and muttered, " A pack of fools !" " And she was so very angry to-day with me, because I would not walk again with her to Church Scarsdale. I am very much afraid of her. I-" and quite unpremeditatedly I burst into tears. "There, there, little Maud, you must not cry. She is here only for you good. If you are afraid even foolishly afraid-it is enough. Bo it as you say ; your walks are henceforward confined to the grounds : I'll tell her so." I thanked him through my tears very earnestly. "But, Maud, beware of prejudice; women are unjust and violent in their judgments. Yourfamily has suffered in some of its members by such injustice. It behoves us to be careful not to prac tise it." That evening in the drawing-room my father said, in his usual abrupt way " About my departure, Maud ; I've had a letter from London this morning, and I think I shall te called away sooner than 1 at first supposed, and for a little time we must manage apart from one another. Do not be alarmed. You shall not be in Madame do la llougierre's charge, but under the care of a relation ; but even so, little, Maud will miss her old father, I think." His tone was very tender, so were his looks ; he was looking down on me with a smile, and tears were in his eyes. This softening was new to me. 1 felt a strange thrill of surprise, delight and love, and springing up, 1 throw my arms about his neck and went in silence. He, I think, shed tears also. " You said a visitor was coming; some one you moan to go away with. Ah, yes, you love him better than me." " No, dear, no ; but I fear him; and I am sorry to leave you, little Maud." "It won't be very long," I pleaded. ?« No, dear," he answered with a sigh. I was tempted almost to question him moro closely on the subject, but ho seemed to divine what was in my mind, for he said " Let us speak no more of it, but only bear in mind, Maud, what I told you about the oak cabinet, the key of which is hore," and he held it up as formerly: "you remember what you are to do in case Doctor Bryerly should como while I am away?" " Yes, sir." . His manner had changed, aud I had returned to my accustomed formalities. It was only a fow days later that Doctor Bryerly actually did'arri ve at ÏCnowl, quite unexpectedly, except," I suppose, by my father. .He was to stny onlv one night. He was twice closeted in the little study up stairs with my father, who seemed to me, even for him, unusually dejected, and Mrs. Rusk inveigh ing against "them rubbitch," as she always termed the Swedeuborgians, told mo " they were making him quite shakey-liko, and he would nit last no time, if that lankey, lean ghost of a fellow in black was to keep prowling in and out of his room like a tame cat." I lay awake that night, wondering what the mystery might be that connected my father and Dr. Bryerly. There was something more than the convictions of their strange religion could account for. There was something that profoundly agitated my father. It may not be reasonable, but so it is The person whose presence, though we know nothing of the cause of that effect, is palpably attended with pain to any one who is dear to us, grows odious, and I began to detest Doctor Bryerly. It was a grey, dark morning, and in a dark pass in the gallery, near the staircase, I came full upon the ungainly Doctor' in his glossy black suit. I think if my mind had been less anxiously excited on the subject of his visit, or I had not disliked him so much, I should not have found courage to accost him as I did. There was some thing sly, 1 thought, in his dark, lean face, and he looked so low, so like an artisan in his Sunday clothes, that I felt a sudden pang of indignation, at the thought that a great gentleman, like my father, should have suffered under his influence, and I stopped suddenly, instead of passing him by with a raero saluation, as he expected. "May I ask a question, Doctor Bryerly ?" " Certainly." "Are you the friend whom my father expects?" " I don't quite see." " The friend, I mean, with whom he is to make an expedition to some distance, I think, and for some little time ?" "No," said the Doctor, with a shake of his head. " And who is he ?" " I really have not a notion, Miss." " Why, he said that you knew," I replied. Tlie Doctor looked honestly puzzled. " Will he stay long away ? pray tell me." The Doctor looked into my troubled face with inquiring and darkened eyes, like one who half reads another's meaning; and then ho said a littlo briskly, but not sharply " Well, I don't know, I'm sure, Miss; no, indeed, you must have mistaken; there's nothing that I know." There was a little pause, and he added "No. Ile never mentioned any friend to me." I fancied that he was made uncomfortable by my. question, and wanted to hide the truth. Perhaps I was partly right. " Oh ! Doctor Bryerly, pray, pray who is the friend, and where is ho going?" " I do assure you," he said, with a strange sort of impatience, " I don't know ; it is all non sense." i And he turned to go, looking, I think, annoyed and disconcerted. . A terrific suspicion crossed my brain like light ning. " Doctor, one word," I said, I believe, quite wildly, " Do you-do you think his mind is at all affected ?" " Insane ?" he said, looking at me with a sudden, snarp, inquisitiveness, that brightened into a smile, "pooh, pooh! Heaven forbid ; not a saner man in England." Then with a little nod he walked on, carrying,. as I believed, notwithstanding his disclaimer, the secret with him. In the afternoon Dr. Bryerly went away. ("TO BIS db NT IN U RD.) 