THE PQST BAG. r • r. The All-England Eleven . scored a sccond 'defeat at Stawell-on -iTkursday f^nd -Friday last. ' The scores were, the Eleven .43; Siaweli -71; Eleven second "imimgS SI ; -Stawell thenwentm and wbn wiihlO wickets: to spare : The Argus states ihat ihe Februarv out- :going mail steamer, the Bangalore, wdl inake iriglit'tluough from Williamstown to Southampton docks All the'Jand'between the Murray and the Gunbower Creek is to beiproclauned astate forest, -with the view of cheeking the indiscriminate felling of timber; 1 vsi-> ••>• •-•'••-r \- Messrs Denny and'Koberts. of Batiiurat, have obtained a patent for pulverising, separating, and saving gold, -silver, and pyrites. - - Madame Goddard, the piauiste, has been so ill at Ceylon that it is not unlikely she will have to return to Europe. . •,.">-,«:• .-• Thesubscribed capital of the new Australian and European: Bank is £1,000,000 m 100,000 shares of £10 eaeli. Tlie first Mel- - bourne iissueis not to-exceed-SS,000 shares. < The " Wreck Hemster" for 1872'reveals the appalhiig fact: that no less than 2,381 vessels were wrecked on the British coast during that year. He number of lives .lost was 590, and 4G34 lives were saved at gi-eat risk. , . . . , :-•.! i Another hatchway accident has happened. A man named Andrew Heitinau fell doHTi tlie hatchway of the Prince Arthur at Wdhamstown, and dislocated his thigh. A rough prize hght took place on Sunday afternoon m a hollow near the Model Farm, Royal Park. : The Victorian United Licensed Victualler's Absocution is forming election committees. The All England and Warrnambooi cricket match commences on Wednesday next, the 14th lust, AnentX>r Tlwddicum's. report on tbe Victorian wmes.-the-Jr^KA -states .that the doctor is " a chemist who has written a book upon wines, exhibiting his ignorance of tbe subject." - : The. revenue, ol the colony for the year 3873, amounted to £3,902,024 being .an increase of £137,112 over that for the previous • :year. \- * •- The Chief Secretary, the Minister of Mines, the Commissioner of Customs, and the Treasurer, visited Stockyard last Wednesday.: Mr F; L. Smyth, M.P., was also of the party. The New South Wales Cricket Association has decided: to play eighteen against the Eagbsh Eleven. . H.M.9. Basilisk has arrived at Sydney from a cruise;. Another private expedition to New Gninea,' is spoken of. The Fiji Gazelle states that the King told" Commodore Ooodenongh that he opposed annexation. - The Queensland Parliament was opened-by commission last Tuesday, ; An Adelaide telegram states that the cer» tihcate of Captain White, of tbe ship Iron King, has been suspended for six mouths, that of the chief officer for three months, while the Becond officer has been censured fbr not taking observations during the voyage. Dr Cosse has been appointed chairman of the Central Board of Health,- South Australia, at a salary of £600. Several of the religions bodies at Yorke's Peninsula are said to contemplate holding a week of humiliation on account of the drought there. • Marshal. Serrano, the sew Chief of the Spanish Executive, has suspended the constitutional guarantees, and disarmed the Re- publican volunteers. Serious lighting has taken place between the Carluta and tbe Republican troops at Saragossa. General Moriones, being unable to advance his army in ilie direction of Bilbao, has reembarkedat Santona. Mr GilIies, the Minister of Bailways, is on a visit to Maryborough. Mr Casey, .Minister of Lands, is visiting officially the selections in the counties of Beudigo, Rodney, Gunbower and Gladstone. Saloon carnages are to be constructed for Government railways. The Government are taking steps to obtain practical acquaintance -with the best methods of treating pyrites, and have sent for samples from Casuemaine, Sta>vell, -St. Arnaud, and other places. The-caisson. for ilie Alfred Graving dock ha9 beaisuccessfully launched. Sn- George Bowen has .been wannly received by the inhabitants of Hobarton, and is staying at Government-house with a.large aud aristocratic party-on a visit "to Mr and the Hon. Mrs Ducane. It ' is probable that the next Anghcan bishop of Melbourne, not being appomted by the Queen, will drop the title of- "lord bishop."?'. Theloss of the England match at Stawell is attributed to -the badness of the ground. The body of a child, in an advanced stage of decomposition, was found floating m the Yarralast week A lad named Patrick Carmody fell from a. tree in Prmce's Park the other- day, and broke both his arms. Destructive bush fires have occurred in the Plenty Bsnges. -Tiie changes made by the Government-in the matter of the border treaty are said to favonr trade via Sydney • rather than via Melbourne. Mr Tucker, successor to Mr W. Weston^ late telegraph and postmaster at Smythesdale, who recently committed suicide, declares that he has seen Mr Weston's ghost. Two boys at Beechworth nearly, lost their, sight recently by the explosion of some gunpowder with which they, were playing. The locusts are «aid . to ^ have disappeared from Biverina, and from ihe northern parts rof Victoria. • Aman named Hugh Roberts was knocked doivn by an eugme at Leigh-road the other day.-srfnle shunting some goods trucks, and severely mjured. An old man named "William Holmes fell over the cliffs on the western beach, Gee: long, a few nights ago, and austamed sol- ions 1 injuries. . • The auctioneers were occupied no less 'than'five days m disposing of the umbrellas^ walking-sticks, Ac., left on the Midland: railway; England. A man named Hawthorn has been arrested as Sydney for the robbery and attempted murder of Mr Slocombe. A man named Desmond has been com- • nutted for tiial at Sydney for committing a criuuual assault oa lus step-daughter, aged sleren 3'ears. The Isghtaing istruck Mr. Welsh's farm buildings near Kydal, New South Wales, last week, and burned them down., * ; , : Hie Eiciielleacy ;the -Governor of New South Wales gives a fancy dress ball on 8th April. Tbe Sydney Academy of Arts holds its second mi conversazione on ou the mu 29th ^afn inst. „ , , w . „. The Egiiiout, from Noumea, reptirta^ihat aiich mint of mckel 3ias heen discovered, andbmigssixhagsasasampJe. Another hacspait wiai 900 conncts had arrived ^.t Mew Caledonia, from Toulon. The revenue of South Australia for the last: quarter was £217,832, and for the year ^.933,851, An Adelaide telegraai says that the prohablesaiplusfartheyeai- " " ' ofmiaiM; " over •expendiiui-e will be £1.2,800. - Mi-iStewart's iesidence, near Shoalhaven, was burned dowa on Monday night, ttawgh. a kerosene lamp',: exploding.:. Two of-ithe family were badly ljufned, ; and wne is mot expected to lecover. A'Hobartonitelegram states that £52,000 worth- of treasury bills,^:Mt 5 per cent:, with two years' currency, have been taken up ,at slightly above par. .. : .v , i_:: , The Argu* demes that dummies are again' selecting • on "the dummied- lands in the: Wimmeia The second cricket match England v. Victoria 3s to be played,at Melboiirae on the 19th, 20th, and 21st February. „„ , . The National, Agricultural, Society has rescinded the rule under which it was to receive no further, .aid .from the-Goverutnent. , Captain "W. H. Snce( the arfflleiy instructor, who "has been studying in England, is shortly expected to return to: Victoria. , Mr J. B Humfi&ay; has consented to stand for Ballarat East at the next elections. The Committee of the Victorian United licensed Victuallers Association have denied that they have, agreed to an .election' platform, but they, will probably do ao. • The Wheeler and Wilson sewing-machine company have ..imported.. . a machine for harnesB and other heavy work. The emigrants by the Great Britain have been unfavourably spoken of in Queensland They are not considered to he suited to -that colony. . : Great complaints are made of the dilatonness of the Government m providmg proper accommodation: for the transit of sheep on the Uorth-Eastern railway. A very valuable and beautifulalbum, composed of woods, metals, and precious stones : ieculiar to Cahfornia,, has been presented to •it Thiers by the French residents in that State, as a token of gratitudefor- his patriotic services. \ new Ministi-y has been formed in A committee has been formed m Adelaide to agitate for the abolition of capital punishment. Two thousand tons of breadstuffs were exported from Adelaide last week. .• Mr G. B. Richardson, formerly of the Ballarat Star," has been appointed to the editorship of the ".Wallaroo Times." Last year's IT.S. i Wales .revenue shows £120,000 increase. The prisoner Hawthorn has confessed to robbing Mr Slocombe, but he has denied the attempt at murder. He was wearing Mr Slocombe's watch at the time of his arrest. Three Communist prisoners were stowaways in the Egmont, from Noumea. The police have declined to interfere m their arrest. • , The cricket selection for the English match at Sydney is causing great dissatisfaction. Active practice is being earned on daiiy. The Tasmaman Colonial Secretary's reply to the Northern magistrates' letter, with reference to the Western Railway rate, has excited great indignation, and several of the most respected magistrates have resigned. 