STORY OF DONOVAN'S SPERRIT. Wonst upon a time (Jimmy always persisfed in commencing his narratives with this well- known phrase) there was a boy named Dinniss Malone, lived in a little hut close by the road (they were only beginning to make it thim times} that goes from Geelong on to Warnam- bool, where the darlin' apples of ould Ireland grows so beautiful. This Dinny Malone was a cripple, an' used to shepherd sheep for ould hungry McLean, that had a station about there. Dinriy was the seventh son av his mother, and was born on a Friday; which) besides givin' him bad luck, an' he'd had plenty av that same, med him so that he should see ghosts and sperrits av they kem nigh to him. Now, over forninst his hut, just a weeny bit down the road, was the remains of an ould public-house that had been burnt down some time before, and never built agin, for the new one was put up three miles away. Now this oiild grog shop had a bad name, for 'twas said to be haunted. The man that kep it first died in it, an' 'twas thought by foul play. His name was Donovan, they was ould lags, both him an' his wife, an' they med a power av money thim times. But Donovan took bad, an' the woman, she was a regular she- villin, thrated him awful bad. Whin things wint crooked wid her she'd go and hammer her pick husband in his bed, while he'd be shrieking for mercy,: till at last be died, and they say she did away wid him by something she put in his drink, for she was a don hand at hocussing, as many a chap knew to his cost. Soon afther she clared out an' sould the place to a man named Blackly, but he was'nt in it long till the ghost av ould Donovan, wid his tallow-coloured cheeks and big red nose, got walking round at nights. The sarvint. in the kitchen saw him first, an' screeching mille murther wint swately into a fit under the dresser. Thin a chap stoppin' in the house saw him come into big room wan night, an nearly tuk lave av his sinses; so it soon, got wind, an nobody cared much to stop.at tbe place, Not long afther the bouse was burnt down wan night, and the landlord didn't care to put it: up agin, and so it was left to the native cats and swallows, and old Donovan's ghost.; . Now there was a; notion got about somehow . that ould - Donovan bod burled a power av money somewhere in the pub, and this Dinny Malone I was tellin* yeav used to be often bavin* great dreams tbat be'd found it, an spint a great dale av his titne.sarching in the. ruins, but never seen a sight av the sperrit, so that be got .to think at last that there was'nt no ghost at. all; bntbegor! he never med a bigger . in his life, as you'll see directly Well, wan New Year's night be had a..dream that he seen old;. Donovan lifcin* op the bearth \- stone, and that underneath there was.a pile av goulden guineas ; tins dream seemed so mighty rale and natteral, thatup he jumps from his bed an* off to the ruins. He nps wid the ould hearth-stone, and starts diggin for bare life, all av a suddint he comes on somethin* hard like the top av a box,, so he just throws down his j^nd^^toops over to see what the thing is, and \--r-rjblslsrttches was sthretcbed mighty tight, whur . _v*hiick: comes the spade, where ; me. ;.natteral f modesty purvints me from mintioning, and bead over heels goes poor Dinny into the hole. .The fright he got nearly med him insinsible, but he scrambles to his feet, and turned round to see who struckhim, and .up- wint every hair on.his: head like a Bcrubbiu' brush, for there: right' forninst bim, wid a grin upon hi6 ugly mug, was onld Donovan's ghost. Down wint Dinny; on bis knees like a shot. ." Ah! ah! Me bould Mr- Dinny Malone," ses.the sperrit ; "so ye've . sprung onld Donovan's plant at last have ye, ye . thief av: the .worald." " Oh I av yeplaze, Mr. Divil, or Mr. Donovan, sor, whicbetfcrye are, sure let me eff this ~wonst,and 1*41 never come* near or touch yer gould agin,**ses he. <{ Will: ye swear to that,** ses the ghost. . Faix, I-wilL yer riverince, I beg pardon, I mane yer gliostli ness," ses Dinny. " Here, thin, swear it on my thigh-bone," ses the sperrit, unscrewing-It (for ye see he was all screwed together wid wire, like the skellington in the Anny Tommi cal Musaum), and houlding it out to him " Come, now, J *11 tinder the oath :-The evi-: dince you shall give in this case, shall be the truth, tbe whole truth, an' nothin* but the truth. .-Kiss tbe bone. But hould an a minnit," ses: the ghost (as Dinney was just goin' to do as he was bid), an* be commences scratching the top av his skull wid the. , bone he held In Ms hand, "hould an a minnit: perhaps I can.make an arrangement that will be beneficial both to you and me-You must know, Dinny, that J died; widout benefit av clargy, and so things aint so comfortable wid me as I could, wish, seein*. I' never could &tand-tbe; hot weather even in Aus thralia. Now, look here, av I let you take my: gould, will you see Father McGinnis, down in Warnambool, an' get him to have forty masses sed for my sowl. every jear." " JFaix, I will, an* that wid. pleasure, yer spirituality," ses Dinny, quickly. " Here ye are, thin, swear it,*' ses the ghost, houldin* out the bone.-Dinny kissed the tip av it. " Now," ses the sperrit, "jest wan thing more. I shall expect to see! you this day year, to tell me how you are doing; wid my money, and whitber the masses is said properly." "Ye may, thin, for sartin, yer! mightiness' glory," ses Dinny eagerly, for ye see be was monsthrously puzzled to know what ? to call bis awful companion, so's to be respect ful. " Mind, now, ye kape yer word," ses the: sperrit, "for av ye don't come to me, 'bythej tip av the tail of a jintleman friend of mine,*! an* that's a sharp oath, I'll come to .you; d'ye; mind me now ? *' An* wid that he just gives a'flourish av his thigh bone that be held in his: band, like a jshillaly, an* wint slap through the : bottom av the bote, like a flash of grased light-: ning, lavin* Dinny wid the box av gould in his hand. Jimmy, fiho had preserved a most solemn expression of countenance,, spite of the merri ment of all round,- paused here, and slowly and; reflectively drew a lucifer across his moleskins,: keeping one thumb on the bowl, of his pipe. . " Well," said I, " and what became, of this Dinny Malone and his gold ?*" " Ob ! be waBi Misther Dinny Malone, Esquire, by yer lave,; , aftber that, and walked wid a . gould-headed r cane whin he didn't ride in his carriage and psir. He wint to Ballarat soon afther, an' tuk to share-broking, an" other villiny," wid the money he got from the ghost, tned a terrible big pile besides, an* jbekem a highly .-respected jir.tleman, an* a member of Parlimint. But every year, as sartin as the New Year's Day came . round, ould Dinny would drive in his carriage up to the new hotel at the Stony Rises, lave it there, ah' whin night can?e on he'd take all his books undher his arrum in' bobble up to the ould ruins. There he'd find Donovan's ghost settin* on the damp hearth- stone, waitin* for him, wid a pipe Gtiick iu his gob, quite, jolly like,singing-""St. Kevin gn'theKing-" D'ye know the lilt. This Is it: an* Jimmy struck up with Comical gravity ?> w As St. Kevin was a wanderin* Near a plaice called Glendal Loch, \- He met his Majesty the Kikig. r ' An* he asked him for a *bocli.' Ses the ting, youare a sthrariger, An'your face'I haVen'tseen, : But iv you've got a bit of weed ; I'illindye my dutieeri. Widme ding a ring a ra." An* thin when he'd get to the chorus, he'd hump away wid his hone on the ould hearth stone to kape'time; till Dinny would come in wid thfe books, and thin the two would go into thim, an' air it *was a good year the ghost would be in high glee.j'but ay Dinny lost .money-oh! rourtherj but he'd 'be in a pelther: an' he'd shake the bone at poor Dinny, and threaten he'd give him the contents av.it ay he wouldn't: do better the next time ; an' whin ould Dinny died at last, the boys round there swear that every year yet, on New Year's Eve, the ghost of ould Donovan, and the sperrit. of Dinny Malone, does be tneetin' in the ould pub, to go over the books wonst more. Only now, whin they've done, they both. starts to- sing-" St. Kevin and the King." An', chaps that was by that way at sight heerd .them lifting away for bare life, andboth; bating time wid their thigh bones on. the ould hearth-stone. -Johnson's " Christmas on Carringa," 