COLOMAL NEWS. A CobwesP ?Ni»EN at P-'« Oa'win writes I un-ier d»te J .nuarv 17 to the South AUttra lian Register, as follows : — ' I c -rnw-iice by -vistiiiig y. u h happy ne« year. Don'' return the compliment — I can on'y imagine »n ir nic&l; sneer on y--ur itberwise beaigu coun | en « nee if you did bo. Every attempt at ?iair.il l.alt.1 i» **!«*» 'll /lun rtf A fl .tr-tlio ia - ma... ?viuj; j'nij iu u vi -au7ti'ii:-i is q UlCiC »url- ?que — of tomfoolery th^re is plenty ; nf rue enjoyment very littie, if anj*. Oh, Billy Oowperl Billy (Jowperl if thy gentle nature could hut have experienced f -r three months He ill i hat fl-sn is heir to in this Northern erriiory, with what frei.zie-l furore wonld'st thou luve iiasheit thy pen-thiough those oft ?pioted line6 ot thy * Task,' 'O for a lodge in -?me vast wilderness.' &c.;, as the silliest wish :or human being to desire or pen to indite (ihost of the departed hard ! visit this r-?a!m Lt iok on us poor nicrt-»ls cooped up like sheep ,u a laul p^n, i:ut off from civi ised s'ici ' yt oar bodies tormented with prickly heat, irrt' tating beyond all endurance, and bb we scratch, scratch, scratch, morning, noon, and night; and scratch, scratch, sentch till ina-i- ilemd a lust ouari^ht, we tear the flesh from ,iur bones, and suffer io c ius quence the worst «vil of u'cerous sores. Ghost of Billy, look at me, if y-'U can see any mortal dayiipht, with my legs hound up in rags aod towels i notbiog t»ut woundVi and bruises and putrefy, ing sores. Go through our township, ghostly 1 tnead ai.d see the men and women speckled like meas'y babies. Look at the pale facee. the 1 an bodies and the feeble gait ; look at the many poor -vretcheR. nevertheless, helpless, that drag ? lot. feti..r.afrii-l:nn bnriiri! lhnini-h nnrftiuptii K.ore like the animated care tses of mummies than of living forms of tbe eons of {South Australia. Incorporeal Billy ! look at the look at the dogs that lay exhausted in onr roadways, tbe cocks that haven't got strength to jump on a rail and crow; the horses, like Tam O'shant r's nag, more bones ibau fl-6- ; the cows that, like Mrs Dombey, haven't Ftreogth to n aUe an tfforl to bear only 'very tinv calves. Shade of the departed disem bodied Bi lv ! see our bodies c -vered «ith sores, tormented with fltes, mosquitoes, crickets, cockroaches, rats, ants, spid- rs, and other vermin too numerous to mention ; see us roast-d by day, and paiboiled in foul exu dations by night ; see us eaiing our touiili, preserved vegetables, sour bread, with bad appetite and discontented minds. PoeuinR toscopic Bil'y! look, look on this p'cture and say would si thou desire to io-1^e in tbi8 v et wilderness, this boundless contiguity D) shape, where nothing reaches ns except tele L'r-ims about twice or thrice io six months Go thy w.ys, ghost, go! better to have our enrs pained and our souls sickened with every-day report of wrong end outrage, to mix in tbe busy strife of towns that men have made, than he banished to 'he wilds of the Northern Territory, wh'ch God made to he abode of blackfellowts, hut not for civtlised, domes icsted, and eociety-loving whites So much as a reason why I don't wish t i he li ovd with the compliments -Of the season. It would be out of place here. Acc outs from Victoria state that for tne paBtthree matitlit-diphtbwir'fa'ro feaa-raijing with lemarkable viruU t-ce in the village ot Tea, situated on a tributary of the Goal* bur;i River, about, three miles froin its junc tion with the main stream, and distan* from Melbourne about eighty miles. Although Yea only contains about 150 inhabitants, the local journal states that amongst tbe resi dents ol the village no less than thirty-six deaths from this ep'demic have occurred during the past quarter. Other accounts furnish a somewhat lower estimate of the morta.iiy, hut it is perfectly certain that tbe death rate bas been alarmingly high; and what mikes the matter worse it continues witbont abatement, and the epidemic is gradually extending its ravages to other places. The State School at Yea bas been closed for two m -nthi4. Diphtheria first made its appearance in the village in the month of January, when an infaht died df it. No othercase occurred until the following month (February) when one died of it in one family two in another, no less than seven in another, one child and a servant girl in another wbilst in another family numbering fifteen children, and in which a death had never occurred previously, five had already died and tbe siitb, b l*d of sixteen, was suffering from the disease, and was hardly expected to recover. It is stated that after the first death iu this family, all except one then suffering from an attack of diphtheria were removed to Melbourne by med cal adv ce The child kept at home died, and of those removed four were s ized by the epidemic after the;r arrival io Melbourne, and with fatal results in three of the cases. At the invitation of a public meeting of the inhabitants Mr Great, head was induced to vis*t the place to try the c fficacy of his sulphii ic acid cure! At first he was successful with nearly all his patients, and left tbe village apparently under the impression that his services -ftere no longer needed. But he had not lieen many days away, when the epidemi - broke out in a more maugnanc form, ana ne was urgta to return, which he did : but on bis second visit be found that the treatment which he hnd formerly proved so efficacious w jb now unable io cope with tb? disease io its more obstinate form. His p'an was to prescribe ten drops of sulphuric acid in a glsssof water three times a day, to be used as a gargle; and if that ailed he increased the nnrnber of drops f-otn ten to fifteen. There was, however, a serious objeo'iou to this treatment if long con tinued, especial iy with children, -ven were apt to swallow some of the liquid, the strong acid of Which produced itjarinas effects to the stomach. Mr. Gre*tbead therefore resorted to tbe expedient of pa:nt ing the part of the throat affected with b Camel-hair pencil dipped in a much stronger solution of the acid than he h«d used as a garjib*. This ode of treatment was tnore successful, and it is stated that tbe resident medical man con siders it the best rem dy for diphtheria yet tried. The treatment ordinarily approved of by tbe medical profession is the application ot carbolic acid by meai.6 of « cm e -hair fencil( and it tnay be -considered a. tnoo: joint! whether buiphuriC c d or car'olic acid is the ! best cacuU.ed to effect a care A most inr portaur thing in the treatment of diphtheria ta siid to be to ki'dpopen the windows and j deprs of tLe room io which-: the catieot fg . ?- . ...i- ? C'Jt.fir cd so as to bave a free current of air through the apartment. Diphther a is too commonly treated ns a severe cold, and every possible precaution taken to keep the sufferer Warm and free from draughts. This is alleged to be a totally emneons idea, and that the opposite trenmeni should be adopted The more airy tbe apartment tbe better, and a canvas tent is preferable to c'ose bui'dings* And fumigation of sulphur is of great service. It is also of the utmost importance that children or others be isolated ^o as to prevent as far as possible the inf etion spreading. The cause of this fearful visitation at Yea has given rise to n.nch speculation, and it wonld appear tbat local peculiarities have had much to do with it. Yea is built on lo-v-lying fl»t fronted by ibe river, and having a number of low bills close to .he rear. There are also several waterhoies, no1 far fr«-m tbe village. The ; v r is a constantly running stream of pure water, but the lagoons doubtless contain a large quantity of decayed vegetation and putrid matter, as they are lower at tbe present time than thpy were evtr kr;own to be in anv previous season. The inhabitants, too, are said to be in many i (.stances not distinguished for cleanliness, arid there is a generd disre gard of drainage and other sanitary treasures. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that tbe exhalations from the partially dry lagoons and the impurities immediately sur rounding I be dueilir.gs h^ve poisioued the atmosphere and pio^uced the epiden.ic now raging amongst the inhabitants — Bulletin- Thb sage advice given by Mr. Samuel Weller in respect to widows might, we think, b ? offered to certain hon. members ol Parlia. ment in this colo-y- At a Friday morning 6uti«g some weeks ago, Mr. D ckson n.oved for a grant of £100 for the widow of th» late Mr. Gnilioyle, a compositor in the Govern m-Dt Printing Office, who was accidentally poisoned by his wife. Mr. Dickton, in mak ing the motion, raid that it wasac.seol ' extreme destitution, *' and appealed to the tender feelings ol hon. mem e(s ou the su - ject. Mr. Macoliater supported the motion, pronouncing it as one which, alter full enquiry it was the duty ot the Givernmeut to sup port. ('pposi'ii'U was offered, however, on the giounds tbat ;be personalty of the la'e Mr. Guiiloyle was sworn in the intt stacy court no to exceed £350, and that the widow had' two nice cottages, one of which she occu pied, and ibe other h*d Jet at 8s per week Wben the House rose, the discussion stili continued, and instead --f allowing tbe motioD to lapse, Mr. Dickson irju iiciou»ly, we think, permuted it to regain on the piper On tbe subsrquent Friday it came on agdu and met with even rtronger opposition ihan before, partly on account of the report tbat not only bad Mr. Gutlioyle left property, t-ul also that his life was insured in the siim of £500. The House on this occasion was counted out, but Mr. Dickson is not to be beaten, aud his moii n has been again restored to the paper. The widow, too, h»« been button-holing hon. members who opposed the gratuity, and has apparently suftentd the stony heirts of some of them, for the understanding is that if Mr. Dickson Can ever get the House to a divis-ion on the motion, it will be carried by a m-j irity. It thus appears tbat the unfortunate widuw o1 historical renown still exists in the fi sh. We wonder if there are any destitute widows in Rockhampton in want of a grant of puoi c money, for Mr. M llvvraith tells us tnat if Brisbane gets anything, Rockhampton is sure to want it too. It may be hoped that neither the member for Blackall nor R ickhampton will venture to introduce such a motion, a* it would certainly be sc outed out of the H iuse. — Bulletin. SeIZKD ill AN LLIOATilB — A geu lenmi late y from T»w isville informs the Mackay Mercaty th^t on Sunday, tiie 12 n un., ». sb icking occurrence happened in thai town- the particulars of which are as follows: — A married man, a carpenter by trade, whose name our informant did not know, made a bet (for drinks) with tome person that he would swim across tbe creek from tbe town side a fed back again. He was tinder tbe iu flaence of alcoholic liquor wheu be eo^a^el t ) do this aqu-tic feat, which, as it unloriu nately turned out, cost him his life. , P un-, jiog into ibe stream, he struck out I -r the opposite sho e, and succeeded it) gaining it S - far he had won the wa^er. A brief nreathing tini® and he was a^ain n the water, swimming towards tbe starting place. VV tory appeared certai - J but, a as, when a oat a third of the Way across he suddenly utt-rerf a cry of agony, raised his arms above th water, ant immediately ^ft-r iiisappearei. Those who w.tnessed the po -r fellow di — appear, at once, made every - ff -rt to sive oi rec -ver tbe body. The spot where he went down, and other parts of th- creek around, w T-- dragged lor many hours, but no sign ol the miss us man could he iound. (in ti. fdl, living day, however, the body wis is covered lying on the sea beac.h, a mile Iron; th- place where the ill-fated man v nished m so appalling a manner. The body presente-i a most sickening sight, as, with the excep tion of the feet, and oilier puts, the whole --i tbe fl -sh of -both legs was gone, me nont-s being quite periect. I* is supp -sed that an al.igat r se z?d the unfortunate man by the legp, and held him under the ua'er un i* death ensued. . The Giel Rescded fe »m the Blacks — A Goondiwindi oorrespondeut. writing on. the 10th instant, gives the following additional details: — ''I'he girl Downing arr ved here last evening. Her brother states that she can only recollect one incident of her y -utb, that is of ? eing he d over the smo!-e of a gum-leaf fire — tbis. no doubt., was done to di*co or her. He also informs me that hi sister was found at Me lee stition, near M -reej N.S. VV. She; has been for years visiting the stati ns, and I has been look d upon by the inhabitants of tbe district as not being a half-caMe * strange »o say. they m-ver took any steps to make tiie materkn wn. Duwniog states that when be called at the station, he made for a hut, and et quired of the woman in charge where tiie Sup.-r was to he found; bis sister hap pened to he inside, and od his leaving.Uhe woman called out to her, ' ^I-ry Anne, that man is very much like you ;' be bad, at this time, not made himself known. On his first endeavour to secure ber, Bhe, and also the Macks, would not allow it,, hut next morning 6he came to hitn, saying she had tieen think ing alt niiiht. and would go with him, but -h- difficulty he had was in taking her trom the blacks, for the people about,- and also the ' .j) ... i' pol'ce he bad sent for, would not i.-i'ert r : however, he succeeded in getting her away She is quite domesticated, and spelts English fluently, is v« ry clean and tidy in ber habits, knows her ABC. works a sewing machine. &c.; She says she often wondered, when looking in a glass, why she was differ ent to all other half-castes, having very light blue eyes, and curly bu' urn hair. Wben in camp, her brother remarked to her that at one time she was not so dark as at present, that the b'acks most have discolored her. On lb ' road she told him that what he said in the camp was true, tha» she recollects being held orer th- smoke i f a fire, hut did not like ad' mittiBg it when in camp, for fear of the blacks. She still hears tbe scars on her leg a' d arm. Tt e N.S.W. police escort'd them j as far as Warialdi, and from there they tra- ; ve'led alone. Their horses being knocked.up. they spe'l here till Monday. She told ber brother that the blocks threatened to follow and kill tbem both I She is shy in tbe pre' \ sevce of strangers, bnt in a female's company : S'«m makes herself agreeable and chatty- | Being only 3$ years old when lost, she recol lects nothing as yet respecting ber young days ! p.evions to being lost. J How the Money Goes — During the recent debate iu co ninittee, io Parliament, on the J so ject --f providing a police Magistrate for ! Noimanton, not one member — not even the ! memt'er for the dis'rict — knew tbe population i ar.d the requirements of the place. In the ? midst of ibis ir, credible darkn-ss ihe HouBe actually voted away £450 for a Police Magis trate's salary. Such legislation is nnheard of But we happen to kuow that Normanton, in the very norlh ? f the colony, and at pr-sen i terminal point ofour system of telegraphs, is merely a small seiilement of haif a d-zen small houses, and no more requires a Police Magistrate on £450 per annum than a cattle station. We trust the vote will be recon sidered and rescinded. Legislation in u ter ignorance is perfectly absurd, and the vote might at lea*t have been delayed till sufficient enquiries had been .made. — Northern Atgus I have just learned (s«ys a correspondent of the Queensland limzs) that an old aod well- known resident ha- passed away to the het'er land. Mr. John H~rdie, formerly ot F-issifi-rn, but more recently of the firm Of Hardie and Younger, commission agen'8, tfc., Brisbane, died io the Lunatic Assy um, ot which institution he was an iumate during ! the past few months, having been se'nt ther from tne Brisbane Hospital, suffering from dementia and epilepsy. Paraly.-is i» app ars supervened, whicb brought life io an eariy period, and the p -or fellow passed away son. e time this morning. Poor Hardie 1 imes were sadly changed with bim since he drove four in-hand along the hi^bwy, and fair FahBifern owned his sway. Mequiescat in pace. Good n a, April 29. 