Wit and humor. The lady who made a dash has since brought her husband to a full stop. A man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. The man who is fond of puddings and pies places himself fearfully in the power of his wife. Corns in High Places. — A chiropodist an- nounces on his cards that he has "removed corns from several of the crowned heads of Europe." The omission of a comma on an epitaph in a cemetery causes the inscription to read, "Erected to the memory of John Phillips, accidentally shot as a mask of affection by his brother." It will save you from a thousand ills To die when you are young ; If you go before you cut your teeth, You'll never bite your tongue. A young gentleman sent 75 cents to New York recently for a method of writing without pen or ink. He received the following inscrip- tion on a card :— "Write with a pencil." A Springfield girl threatens to sue her father for breach of promise. She says that the old gentleman first gave his consent and then with- drew it, and that her beau, having got tired of waiting, has gone after another girl. A few weeks back, when the Speaker of the Arkansas Legislature said that the gentleman from Clay County, was out of order. Clay county picked up an inkstand, and offered to bet 10 dollars he wasn't. Speaker dodged. "Oh, Mary, my heart is breaking," said an Aberdeen lover to his Highland Mary. "Is it, indeed ? So much the better for you," was her quiet reply. "Why, my idol ?" "Because, Mr. McSmith, when its broken out and out, you can sell the pieces for gunflints." A writer in a Kansas paper remarks upon the result of a recent election. He says that the fall of corruption has been dispelled, and the wheels of the State Government will no longer be trammelled by sharks that have beset the public prosperity like locusts." TEA VERSUS WINES.—The lady who was driven out of her mind over the wine and tea dispute has since recovered a little, and now gives the reins to her fancy— "Wine is poison, and so is tea — But in another shape ; What matter whether one be killed By canister or grape ?" A young man in Indiana sues his father for loaned money, which the fattier claims was his own property. The father's counsel, in sum ming up the case of his client, remarked, ' Twice hvs this prodigal returned to his father's house, twice has he been -.received with open arms, twice for him has the fatted calf been killed,, and now he comes back and wants the old cow.' Andrew Jackson was once making a stump jpeecb. in a country village out West. Just as he was concluding, Amos Kendall, who sat be side him, whispered, 'Tip 'em a little Latin, General ; they won't be satisfied without it.' The 'hereof New Orleans' instantly thought of a few phrases he knew, and in. a voice of thunder* wound up his speech by exclaiming, ' B pluribus, sine qua non, We plus ultra, JVIul turn in parvo!' The effect was tremendous, and the shouts! could' be heard at a' considerable distance. . Mr. H— resides in Fourth- street, New York. Hu wife, wio is a a economical body, had sent a costly silk gown to a French dyer. The dyer himself brought home the silk dress, and unluckily, as it happened, met the husband of the- lady at the door.. 'Is madam within ?' asked the Frenchman. *'And suppose she is, what do you want with her?'' 'I am 'dyeing for her, «are.' ' You dying for my wife 1 Gel oat of my house, you scoundrel!''' and h.s had jost raised his foot to kick the honest artisan into, the street as the lady, made her appear ance, and set the matter to rights. \- 'Wliile journeying by rail,' says a traveller in. America, ' I witnessed the following inci dent : — One night, just after I had scrambled into my sleeping-bertfa, I heard loud and angry voices proceeding from ' the rear of the car. ' I ^11 you this is a;eleeping-car, and you cannot come in without a .ticket.' 'Begorra, I had a ticket.' 'Where is it!' 'I've lost it.' 'If you really had the misfortune to lose your ticket, perhaps youcauTemember your berth.' There was an interval of silence, Paddy evi dently employing his thinking powers. ' Och, by jabers !' he exclaimed at length, 'I was born on the' 26th day, of October, 1838.' ' When Count d'Orsay was in England for the first time, very young, very handsome, and not abashed,' he was placed at some dinner party next the'- late Lady Holland. That singular woman, who adroitly succeeded in ruling and retaining a distinguished .circle longer, than either fascination or tyranny might have ac complished, chanced that day to be in one of her imperious humors. She dropped her nap kin — tae count picked it up gallantly ; then her fan, then her fork, then her spoon, then her glass, and as often her neighbor stooped and restored the lost article. At hut, however, the patience of the youth gave way, and on her dropping her napkin agaia, he turned and ^called one of the footmen behind him. ' Put my plite on the floor,' said he ; ** I will finish my dinner, there. It will .be so much more con venient for my Lady Holland.' Snooks had occasion to call, eh the Bev. Dominie Thomas Campbell when he was at Glasgow. ' Is the dominie in ?' he enquired of a portly dame who opened the door. ** He's at hatne, but he's no in,' replied the lady. 'HeVIn the yaird, sooperintendin' Sauners .the carpenter. Ye can see him: the noo if your business is vera precise.' Snooksassented, and walked through the door pointed out to him into the yard, where he beheld s carpenter briskly planing away to the air of 'Maggie Lander,' and the dominie standing by. Un willing to intrude on their conversation, Snooks; stepped, unseen, behind a water cask, and 'heard, 'Sauners !' No answer from the carpenter. 'Sauners, I say ! Can ye no hear me?,- 'Yes, minister, I hear ye. What's your wull ?' : ' Can ye no whistle some mair eolema and godly tune while ye're at your work?' *' A-weel, minister, if it be your wull I'll e'en do it.' Upon which he changed the air to the ' Dead March ' in Saul, greatly to the hindrance of what was now painful planing. The dominie looked on for some minutes in, silence,' and then said, ' Sauners, Ihae another word to say till ye. Did the gudewife hire ye bythe day's darg or by the joo ?' -' The day's darg was our agreeing, maister.' 'Then, on the whole, Sauners, I think ye may just as well gie back to whistling 'bonnie 'Maggie Lauder.'' Welsh English.— -The following is a copy of a cricket supper speech delivered by a member of a Club at Uanybyther :— *' Shenlums — Before I was lave you this night I was have a few remark to do you in about the crickets. You boys Llam bed not fine swells about your stomicks. . You no have junpaixt, nor pork, nor cherry wine, like them jehts as was been here this day from Llandovery. You tidy chaps; you get sense. Why ?? Cos you no jwant more nor was good for you in this worl, as me was know by this soopper we was just been have here this night, as was good fine splendid soopper. I been in Inglan ; and very often was a'ong butter coomney nor one as in this room, and was have dinners and soopers a pkob peth first class. But me not at all been eat batter sooper nor Mr. Davvis was make for we here this night, and for two shilling the each. Well, Shenlums, about the crickets. You young mens go play Aberystwith; you was play un Llandovery; you was have them here play to-day. Them no doubt more butter great players nor you ; but agen they not so good. For why? Cos you show talent. No boys in a worl show talent like boys Llambed. If you was stick well .to the crickets, for twelve months ago again, you was^hen bejjest club in the whole of WaleK anct you was' thrashit the' eleven' of Unglaud.' 