THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL. DEPUTATION FROM THE SHIRES CONFERENCE COMMITTEE. The Standing Committee of the Shires Conference waited yesterday afternoon upon Mr. Gillies with reference to the endowment provisions of the Local Government Bill, and other matters in connexion with the measure, which had been under consideration by the committee. The deputation consisted of Messrs. Stewart (acting-chairman of the com- mittee), House, Cook, and Horwood. Mr. STEWART said that the object of the deputation was to draw the attention of the Government to some suggestions regarding this bill, which had been agreed upon by the committee, and principally with regard to the endowment question. It would be remembered that the Shires Conference recommended that the endowment to shires and road districts be based upon the principle of granting £2 for every £1 locally raised annually on first rate, say for a period of not less than 10 years, and that the present system of subsidy to main roads and bridge construction be retained and continued. That was the proposal of the conference, but the committee had come to the conclusion to offer as "a compromise to accept 20s. endowment and subsidy for every £1 for five years, without any sliding scale. In asking this they were only asking what the old Shires Statute gave there. Mr. GILLIES.-I think that is a mistake. Mr. STEWART.-Under that statute there was given £2 for £1, the £70,000 for main roads and £30,000 for bridges. Mr. GILLIES said the amount granted under that statute was only given up to a certain limit If the amount of rates which were collected would, giving £2 for £1, involve a larger expenditure than was provided for by the act, then the shires were reduced pro rata. For instance, any amount of votes for roads and bridges placed on the estimates were allowed to lapse and were not expended. A large amount of appropriation in the shape of subsidy for main roads and bridges was not expended from causes over which the Minister had no control at all. Mr. STEWART.- understood it was at his disposal. Mr. GILLIES.-No doubt he frequently did curtail the expenditure, but even in cases where he did not attempt to do so-where within the limit provided by the act he was willing to grant main-road and bridge orders to the fullest extent, even in those cases nothing like the amount of money would be absorbed that the act provided for, because local bodies were not in a position in many instances to carry out those works which at the beginning of the year they intimated they would carry out. Mr. STEWART said that the case was just the reverse in some of the shires. They had applied and been refused by the Minister, and yet there was a surplus at the end of the year. Mr. GILLIES.-That might not be the fault of the Minister. To take the case of last year, the main-road orders he had granted came fully up to £70,000. Mr. STEVVAKT.-But that was the only year that this had been the case. Mr. GILLIES.-Of course he would not be justified in accepting obligations on the part of the department for more than the amount of money provided by Parliament. When he had issued orders, which, if carried out, might absorb that sum, there his functions ceased. However, as to the question the deputation raised regarding subsidy, the Government after great consideration had come to the conclusion that it would be much better that the whole of the money paid to local bodies should be such a sum as at the beginning of their financial year they could really count and rely upon, so that instead of depending on subsidies for main roads, they would have a sum which would be equivalent to the average amount they obtained. This at present was £160 000 in the shape of endowment, and Jfciuu.uuu in the shape 01 subsidy £250 000 altogether. It frequently happened of course that some local bodies, on account of peculiar difficulties had to make further applications, and if they were reasonable they were acceded to Mr HOUSE -Are the Government not prepared to make any allowance for the increased amount of settlement going on Mr Gn nts Oh, that will give you hundreds of persons to rate whom you had not before 'the mistake of the shires was that this money to be distributed was looked upon as if it had been raised in some peculiar kind of way, whereas it all came out of their pockets, so that, whether they got assistance from the central Government or assisted themselves, it absolutely came very much to the same thing, only that he thought Parliament generally considered it was scarcely fair that it should be asked to do the whole work, a portion of which ought to devolve upon the local bodies, if such a thing as local self government was to exist at all Surely it was doing the old shires no use us tice if one of the new shires got £3 to £1 Mr HORNE said that some of the old shires which were classed as secondary had a greater claim on the Parliament for subsidy than the new ones Mr COOK said that what was asked was that the value of the subsidies lost by combination should be made up by the state They did not object to the combination, but an equivalent sum should be expended Mr GILLIES That is proposed to be expended Mr STEWART Only for a very short period -two years Mr GILLIES said that some time of course the local bodies would have to stand alone, even in their own opinion Mr SaW IRT said there was another point which must not be forgotten viz that the old shires had all the traffic of the new shares Mr GILLIE s But you have a larger and more compact body of ratepayers to assist you in paying for the roads Mr COOK considered that as people would desire to bring their produce southwards to the nearest railway station it would be to the in terest of the Government to do any thing which would encourage the maintenance of good roads in such places After some further conversation Mr GILLIES said he might candidly tell them that there was not the ghost of a hope of carrying in Parliament a subsidy of £376 ERS to which the proposal of £2 to £1 with a continuance of the subsidy would amount or £3 1010 which would be the amount at the rate of 20s for £1 Mr COOK said the latter amount was a compromise, which he thought would be reasonable both on their side and the side of the Government Mr GILLIES was sorry that he could not see it in that light He thought it would be very unreasonable He thought they were something like the land compensation people who asked a very large sum in order to split the difference Now that the matter was in the hands of Parliament he thought the wisest thing after giving all the information they could would be for the shires to leave it to the consideration of Parliament Mr COOK asked that at all events Mr Gillies would submit the matter to his colleagues for their consideration and allow the committee another interview with reference to it Mr Gn Lirs said he had no objection but he fancied that the minds of the majority of the members of Parliament were pretty well made upon the subject and he did not think the I Government or the local bodies could throw very much new light on the matter which has been well discussed in the press and by the Shires Conference It was then agreed that Mr Gillies should have an interview With his colleagues on the proposal of the committee and let them know the result. The deputation then brought under the notice of Mr Gillies, several other minor amendments which they recommended being made in the bill the desirability of allowing the shire councils to discuss wood cutters and tender carrying wood which it was stated did more injury to the roads than the agricultural traffic was brought forward and Mr Gillies made a memorandum of the recommendation for consideration by the Government. The proposal to reduce the voting powers of shires was also objected to and Mr Gillies said this was a question on which the Government did not at all feel strongly and if there were any objections to it the Government would offer no opposition to the amendment of the provision Allusion was also made to the provision regarding bank overdrafts and it was stated that a great many of the shires had at present large over drafts illegally and the committee recommended they should have five years to pay them Mr GILLIES said that a clause was being prepared to cover this and one or two other things and it would be seen how far it would meet the case Object (I was taken by the committee to the proposal for quarterly audits and this Mr Gillies said was a mistake in the drift ing of the bill though he rather leaned to half yearly audits but the Government would consider whether the previous system of yearly audits would be sufficient Mr. Sï-WARTalso pointed out that one of the recommendations of the committee was that no power should be given to the Governor in Council to lessen a shire by severance or addition to a borough or otherwise, but Mr Gillies said the Government could not agree to this as the provision would be found necessary in some exceptional cases which only it was intended to provide for The committee also desired that power should be given to rate all »nrroveinents in mines Mr GILLIES said he thought this could hardly he agreed to, and it must be remembered that the minors were great consumers of produce He also thought there was a strong objection to the power asked for to license swing gates, especially in places where there were large landed proprietors, where the effect might practically be to close up hosts of roads He also promised attention to a few verbal amendments recommended, and the interview terminated 