LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. IK the Assembly yesterday evening the intended motion for leave to introdnce a bill to reform the Constitution of both Houses *was postponed. The debate upon Mr Grant's amendment to the address in reply to the Governor') speech was resumed and waB being continued up to a late hour. IT wonld appear that the Railway' Department is quite incapable of meeting any little extra demand that may be made upon Jts energies Whilst the ordinary, everyday traffic has to be looked after things are managed with tolerable smoothness, but given a .holiday and consequent inorease ' of traffic, 'and an utter breakdown may be confidently predioted Monday, for example, W«B observed as the anniversary of the Queen's Birthday. It was a public holiday throughout the colony; there was number of attractions to pleasure-seekers . Melbourne; and in addition the department had contracted to convey the members of .the different up-country fire-Jbrigades: with their engines and apparatus to the metropolis. It might have been expected that with a full knowledge of all the circumstances the department would have been equal to the emergency, and have made ample provision for the extra strain upon its resources which it must hve anticipated. Hut as usual it did nothing of the k.nd, The morning train from Sandhurst, which conveyed most of the members of the fire brigades, was an hour and five minutes behind time when it arrived Kyneton. An hour and five minutes late a station fifty miles from the starting point ! When it did arrive there was the usual confusion and delay in opening the carriages, and the usual volleys of complaints from the passengers, ihe carriages containing the brigadiers, who travelled free, were drawn up at the platform, whilst the passengers who paid had to jump from the car- Sages on to the line, and scramble to the refreshment rooms as best they could. When they did reach them time was up and they had to hurry back to their carriages, invoking anything but blessings upon Mr Gillies and the officers over whom he presides. Once more in their seals, they found the train was delayed to take on extra carriages, so that with a little management they might have had ample time to procure refreshments. It may be mentioned that the lion. Mr Mitchell, M.L.C., and soveral other gemiemen intended to proceed to Melbourne by the train to be present at the Governor's lcve« but finding that there was t uo |iri.spect <-.f reaching their intended destination till the cercnouy would be over, they linrd ;>t lime. Truly, wo manajo our railin Vi to.ia in a fearful and wonderful ON Saturday la-it-, Mr Sanders, farmer, of Malmsbury, received a telegram from bis son, Mr Phillip Sanders, who has for some time past heid a prospecting claim on the Union Bfief near Palmerston, Port Darwin, to the eflect thai he had just finished a crushing of ten tons at the Telegraph Company's battery, from which he obtained 1500ozs of amalgam, which, uponbemg retorted, gave the magnificent yield of 771ozs 9dwts of gold. Mr Phillip Sanders has been in Queensland and tho Northern Territory for the past eight years, during the greater portion of which time he has been prospecting for gold, with very indifferent success. He appears at last to have hit upon a good thing, but it is questionable whether tho result, however great it may be, will repay him for the hardships, privations, and sufferings he has undergone. THE weather appears again to have taken up. Monday and yesterday though seasonably cold were delightfully fine, and the barometer is higher than it has been for some time past. MONDAY was observed as a close holiday in Kyneton in honor of the Qneen's Birthday, but the loyalty of the townspeople did not find vent in any very exuberant display. Those who could afford the time and did not RTudge the expense made excursions in various directions, but the majority took their holiday quietly at home. THE morning train from Melbourne was half an hour late in arriving at Kyneton on Saturday. The cause of the delay was an accident at Spencer-street. The engine was being run into its place, when a pointsman turned it off on to another line on which stood a train about to leave for some other locality. Before the engine could be stopped it ran into a truck, which it mashed, at the satne time damaging the engine itself. Fortunately no person was injured by the accident. A CHEQUE for L3 15s, purported to be drawn by M> A. Hobbs, and presented by a man named Noble, was cashed by Mr Casliman, of T R the Queen's Head Hotel, on Monday last. The cheque ii stated to be a forged one, snd a warrant has been issued for toe arrest of Noble, who was lately in the employment of Mr Hobbs, We understand there are several similar charges against him. A MAjr named Laurence Power was brought into the Kyneton lock-up yesterday from Pastoria, suffering from lunacy. He had been working for some time for Mr Donovan, but lately has been showing signs of aberration of intellect. He is a fine, tall, well built man, over six feet in height, and the form of his madness is exhibited in moodiness and enforced silence. His disease is not attributed to drink. Drs Geary and Pestell were appointed te examine him, and he was remanded tor their report. WE leaT. that there are to be some change® in the management of the Malmsbury Mechanics Institute, and certainly not beforo they are needed. A reading room, which is also the place of business of a very eccentric Jiair-dresser and chiripodist, is hardly calculated to attract, if it does not repel visitors. A MEETING of those interested in the formation and success of the proposed Philharmonic Society at Malmsbury. will be held at the Town Hall this evening, the object being as well to discuss the future basis of the Society as to enjoy a musical evening amongst those assembled. It is therefore hoped that there will be a goodly muster. " PAUL PET'S" communication is unavoidably held over. THE numerous friends in this district of the Rev. J. C. M'CulIagh will regret to learn from the Beadigo Advertiser that he is in a very delicate ecate of health, bronght on by an earnest And unwearying devotion to his duties. On Sunday evening he was unable to conduct the whole of the services. ON Monday, representatives of the various Fire Brigades in the colony assembled in Melbourne to the number of 874, and in the evening formed a torch light procession and paraded tho city. The effect was very imposing. Yesterday they were reviewed by the Governor, and went through a number of evolutions, &c.;, very cleverly. FIVE persons have been summoned to appear at the Ballarat Police Court to-morrow to shew cause why they have neglected to send their children to school. AT a meeting of Spiritists held in Trentham on Saturday night, the question was propounded: —" Was Sir Garnet Wolesley a Becliabite ?" The resgectable shade who was under -examination scribbled the following reply on a piece of dirty paper:—"No. He pitched into Koffee Royal in a shantee." AT the Kyneton Police Court, yesterday, the only business was the case of Menzies v Crowe, a claim for L1I Ss for goods sold and delivered. Defendant did not appear, and an order was made for the amount claimed with 5s costs. ATIEB the failure to effeot numerous combinations, a new French Ministry has been constituted as follows:—General Cissey, Vice-President of the Council and Minister of War; the Due Decazes, Minister of Foreign affairs; M. Fourtou, Minister of the Interior and Minister of Finance; M. Grivart, Minister of Commerce, Vicdmte de Cumont, Minister of Public Instruction;'M. Tailhaud, Minister of Justice; Admiral Montaignac, Minister of Marine. THB Daily Telegraph stBtes that a " History of Victoria," from its earliest colonisation down to the end of the year 1874. has been undertaken by Mr G. D. Macartney, L.L.D. It will embrace political and sooial, as well as the industrial rise of the colony. Such a work has long been desired, and Mr Macartney's capabilities as a scholar, and a reader, and a politician, par- •ticularly qualify him for the task. In competent : hands such a work should be of national importance, such as no mechanics' institute or public library could do without, a circumstance -which will no doubt impress itself upon -the members of Parliament and others who have been invited to subscribe for presentation copies ior this purpose. The work is nearly completed, 'and arrangements have been made for its publi- ] cation by Mr BrookeB, of Great Bourke street, [who undertakes to float a large edition npon the London market. ; TVTE Chilian authorities have released Captain ?Hyde, who was imprisoned in oonBequence of his (vessel having capsized with a number of Chilian 'passengers on board. The question of indemnity -is. trending. .PBIZEB amounting to L300 are offered by the iDepartment of Agriculture of Victoria, the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce, and the * Boyal 'Agricultural and-Horticultural Society of South Australia for the best flax-harvesting machinery. 1874. shocked because the TBE Qlieen-was National Anthem-God have church, played on tho organ at St. * Eastern Hill, on Sunday ^ ^ re. Negotiations which have takenfPr ^ ^ suited in an adjustment ottcru. Ia9mania, between New Zealand a view of the present- H ,<E l8nd stands Quoth our eootemporar^ baffl alone and degraded.. W» «« f thfi Maoris. 0 spite of ten thousands W . tube weUa She can blow holes in roc^^ . ghe to annihilate the miserable £ y Q few equa cannibal to Ashantees the task of But B kn tX^ing »bec P S e8 to America, fear and pays an fB contemptuously ignored and trembling ; she ' B COn^ma P nd sh/ lets the ^atfrd^atoH^usands of brave men who shed their blood like water for_ her honor in the Crimean water sorrowfully reflect that its result is feasting and giving in marriage, and a tacit intimation to the Czar that he, may take Turkey when he likes. Is there an Englishman here who does not blush for his country t THE dividends declared at Sandhurst during t 2 he past week are very light only amounting to £983 6s Sd, whilst the calla made come to £1724, and overtop the dividends ijiii ISs aa. A MOST unsatisfactory termination awaited the trial of Augustus Euperti Green, for the wiltul murder of Mr Maxwell Beynolds. The greater part of tbe time of the court on Monday, (says the Daily Telegraph) was taken up during the day with hearing a few additional witnesses, and with counsel's addresses to the jury. His Honour Mr Justice Fellows summed up the case much in the prisoner's favour, and the jury, after being locked up for six hours, returned into court without being able to agree as to a verdict. We understand that ten out of the twelve jurymen were in favour of acquitting the prisoner. Tho jury was then discharged, and Mr Walker applied that his client should be admitted to bail. His Honour aBked Mr Walker to make application on some future occasion during the present sessions. THE death of Sir Koger Therry, at the age of sevt nty-four, is annouaced in an English telegram. The deceaaed gentleman was at one time resident judge for the district of Port Phillip, and lived for some time in Melbourne. Subsequently, he became judge of tbe Supreme Court of New South Wales, which office he held until his retirement from the bench in 1859, after a thirty years' residence in Australia. Sir Koger Therry, who was knighted in 1889, was the author of a very interesting work on New South Wales. THE Autumn Steeplechase Meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club took place on Monday. programme commenced with the Hurdle which was won by Eory O'More, Gaffer Gray was second, and Doubtfu 1 third. The Maiden Steeplechase was won in go'od style by Jiagged Jack, Friar was second, and the favorite, Colossus, third. Seven horses started for the Handicap Steeplechase, which was won by Sheet Anchor after a fine struggle with Prior, who was second, Nonsense was third. Marmion and Hus-ar baulked from the first. The Selling Hurdle Race was won by Game Boy, who led from soon after the start to the finish ; Spitfire was second, aud Hotspur a bad third. Seven horses started for tbe Selling Steeplechase, which was won by Wando, after an exciting finish with First Toss, Trumpeter was third. THE Adelaide St. Leger which was run on Monday, was won by Seaspray, Lapidist second, and Maritana third. WITH referenoe to a report that Baron Von Mueller was to be appointed Professor of Botany to the Melbourne University, the Daily Telegraph has the following :—We understand that this report is unfounded. Baron Von Mueller declined the position of Professor of Botany some years ago on account of a pulmonary affection which incapacitates him from any duties requiring much exercise of voice. Besides, the University is already provided with lecturers on this subject in tbe persons of Professor M'Coy ane Dr. Bird. The services of the baron can be much more advantageously employed in permitting him to complete the literary work upon which he has been so long engaged, and inwhiohit is for the credit of this country that he should be supported. Neither Sir William Hooker nor Dr Hooker have ever lectured during the thirty years that they have held a position corresponding to that of Baron Von Mueller, who would be inconsistent if he accepted any position other than that given to him by Mr Latrobe and Sir Henry Barkly many years ago. To completes the next four volumeB of his great work will, we believe, occupy him at least eight years, and the first question, therefore, should surely be, is he willing to accept this professorship, even if it were created. His own work is one thing, and lecturing is quite another, requiring, as we need hardly say, particular qualifications, besides the Ieisnre and physical strength necessary for the purpose. We believe that the announcement of the appointment of the baron is news to those connected with the University, and one gentleman officially connected with the. institution informs us that he had never heard a word of it. DUBING the past few days the looal journal reports that Wangaratta has been the scene of great exoitement, owing to the failure of Mr. James Dixon for tbe enormous sum, it is stated, of between £30,000 and £40,000; and no wonder sorrow prevails in many family circles when it is known that not a fifth of this enormous sum is owed to Melbourne men, the poor struggling farmers being the greatest sufferers. "Everywhere in Murphy street, during the past few days, little knots of farmers might have been seen with sorrowful countenances bemoaning their hard fate, and denonncing in the strongest language the cause of their misery. It was almost heartrending to listen to the recitals of many who had been struggling for years to make a home for themselves and. families, and who were looking forward to the resnlts of last harvest to right themselves—how they had been induced to sell on bills, and refused hard cash on delivery to the Melbourne buyer—how they had in despair almost trotted their legs off to secure the ir hard-earned money, and failed; and now what to do to pay their own juBt debts they knew not. Never since Wangaratta was first settled has such a crushing damper been thrown on the farming interest, and the poor creatures who are driven almost to despair, in the meantime deserve the sympathy of every honest, rightthinking man. THE anniversary services of the Kyneton Independent Church will be held on Sunday next, the 31st inst., when the Ber. C. S. Y. Price, of Geelong, will preach morning and evening. On the following Monday evening a public meeting will be held, when Mr Price will advocate the claims of the Congregational Union and Mission Society. A NEVADA MASQUEBADE.—An Austin city (Nevada) tiewspaj>er, enjoying the alliterative title of the liecse River JUceUle,contains a somewhat original description of a masquerade ball given at the capital on the 29th of January. Tbe delicate task of describing the appearance of the guests was evidently undertaken with great diffidence by the Seville's reporter, who admits at the outset that " costume ain't hia forte." The following are among the most forcibly described characters:— "The Bank" was represented by a lady in a black gauze dresB, with imitations-of twenty dollar pieces. "Had they been genuine («ays the reporter) she would not have got out of the house with a rag <.n her back. " " Night" wai similarly represented, " lacking the ' soap. "• A lady who appeared as a " ghastly, gaping, ghostly ghost caused our depui-v to recollect about one per cent, of his aina. " The ••belle" is described in the following glowing languagec—"The most gorgeous, stunning, hightoned,richest, firstest-dawest, nicest, or any other •djecuve oistume is the outfit wa. that worn by Hits Franlne Clark. She was the .tanningest, gayest, and gallusest dressed gal in the room. She appeared as a page, and both costume and action were a " P erf ®9f « 8 ^ sunflower." The most noticeable among the gentlemen were two friehil. as harlequins one of whom 1. described as being spry as a camel," and a gentleman a. fool or clo»£, whose •'.atod-fbr either." « A aold£r of the Leeion '"-didn't lay dying in Ahriera.tS was probably lying in Gal's ears." Bazan was " gorgeous and Etunning " ^ ^ 