STORY OF DONOVAN'S SPERRIT. Wonst upon a time (Jimmy always persisted in commencing his narratives with this well-known phrase) there was a boy named Dinniss M alone, lived in a little hut close by the road (they were only beginning to make it thim times) that goes from Geelong on to Warrnambool, where the darlint apples of Ould Ireland grows so beautiful. This Oinny Malone was a cripple, an' used'to shepherd sheep for ould hungry M'Lean, that had a station about there. Dinny was the seventh son av his mother, and was boin on a Friday ; which, besides giving him bad luck, and he had plenty av that saiue, mod him so that he should sec ghosts aud speirits av they kem nigh to him. Now, over aforeninst his hut, just a weeny bit down the road, was Ihe iciuains of an ould public- honse that had been burned down some time before, an' never built agin, for the new outs was put up three miles away. Now (bis ould grog shop bad a bad name, for 'twas said to be bannted. The man that kep it first died in it, and 'twas thought by'foul play. His name was Donovan, and they was ould lags, both, him au' his wile, au' they iued a power of money thim times. But Donovan took bad, and the woman—she was a regular shevillnin, thrated him aul'ul bail. Wluu tiling* wiut crooked uid her, she'd go and hammer lier sick husbaud in hU bed, while he'd be shrieking lor mercy, till at lust he died, and they said she nid away wid him by something she put in bis drink, for she was a don band at hoccussing, as taany a chap knew to his cost. Soon after she cleared out an' sold the place to a man named Blackly, but ho wasn't in it long till the ijiiost av onld Donovan, wid his tallow coloured cheeks and big red nose, got « alking round at nights. The sarvint in the kitchen saw him first, and scrccching millia mnrtber, wint swately into a fit under the dresser. Thin a chap stoppin' in the bouse saw him come into his room wan night, and nearly tnk lave of bis senses; and so ii soon got' wind, and nobody cared 10 stop at the place. Not long atlher the house was burnt down wan night, and , tho landlord didn't care to put it up agin, and so it was left to the native cats and swallows, and ould, Donovan's ghost. Now there was a ootion got about somehow that ould Donovan had buried a power av money somewhere in the pob, and tbis Dinny Malone I was tellin' ye av used to lie often bavin* great drame* that he'd lound it, and spint a great dale av hi time sarching in tbe ruins, but never seen e sight av the sperrit, so that he got to think at last that there wasn't no gbost at all ; but, begor! be never med a bigger, mistake in bis life, as you'll see directly." Well, wan New Year's Night be bad a drame that be e seen onld Donovan littin' up (he hearthstone, and that nndeineatb there was a pile av golden guineas. This drame seemed 60 mighty rale and natteral that up he jumps Irom his bed an' off to tbe ruins. He ups wid tbe ould hearthstone, and starts diggin' for bare life. All av a sud dint he comes on somethiu' bard like the top ov a box, so he just throws dowq his spad6, stoops over to see what the tbing is, and his breeches was stretched mighty tight, when whack comes the spado where me natteral modesty purvents me from mintioning, and head over heels goes poor Dinny into the hole. The fright he got nearly med him insensible, but he scrambles to his feet, a:id turns round to see who struck him, and up wiut ivry bair on bis head like a scrubbin' brash, for there foreninst him, wid a grin on his ugly mug, was ould Donovan's ghost. Down wiut Dinny on bis knees like a shot. " Ah! ah! me bowld Mr Dinny Malone," ses tbe aperrit; " so you've sprung ould Doaovan's plant at last, have ye, ye thafe of the worald." " Oh ! av ye plaze, Mr Divil, or Mr Donovan, sor, wichiver ye are, sure let me off this wonst, and I'll niver ciime near or touch yer gowld agin-" ses he. "Will you swear to that?' ses the ghost. Faix, I will, yer 1 ivcrinre, I beg pardon, 1 mane y< r ghostliness," ses Dinny. " Her,', tbin, swear it on my thigh-bone" se< t he spirit, nuscrewing it (for ye see he was all screwed together wid wir •, like the skellinton in tbe Anny T <inical Musnum), and ho.ilding i't out to him—" Come, now, I'll tinder the' oath:—Tbe ividence you shall give in this case, shall be the truli, the whole truth, and nothing but tb truth. Kiss tbe bone. But hould on a minnit," says the gbost (as Dinny was just going to do as he was bid), an' be commences scratchiu' the top av bis skull wid tbe bone he held in his hand, "hould on a minnit; perhaps I can make an arrangement will be of beiiefit to ye. * Ye must wee, Dinny, that I'd'ed widout benefit av clergy, and so things hin't so comfortable wid me as I could wish, seein 1 never could stand the hot weather even in Australia. Now, look here, av I let you take my gowld, will you go to Failier M'Gtnnis, down iu Warrnambool, an' get him to have forty masses sed for my sowl iveiy year?" " Faix, I will, an* that wid pleasure, yer spirituality" ses Dinny, quickly. " Here ye are, ibiu, swear it," ses the ghost, houldio out tbe bone.—Dinny kissed the tip ay it. " Now, 1 ' ses th sperrit, "jest wan thing more. I shall expFct to see you this day year, to tell me how you are doing wid my modey, and whither tbe masses is said properly." " Ye may, thin, for sartrain, yer mightiness glory," ses Dinuy, eagerly, for ye see he was inonsthrously puzzled to know what to call his awfnl companion, so's to be respectful. " Mind, now, ye kape yer word," sea the sperrit," for, av ye don't come to me/by the tip ol the tail of a jintleman friend of mine,' an' that's a sharp path I'll come to you ; d'ye mind me now?" An'wid that be just gives a flourish av his thigh bone that be beld in bis hand, like a sLillaly, an' wint slap through the bottom av the hols, like a fctrako of grazed lighting, iavin Dinny wid the box av goold in bis tiand. Jimmy, who bad preserved a most solemn expression, spite of tbe merriment of all ronnd, paused here, and •lonly and relit clively drew a luciler acro.-s Ins moleskins, keeping one 'huinb mi tin: bowl of his pipe. " Well," said I,' and what became of this Dinny Malone and his cold ?' Oh ! lie «as Mistber Dinuis Malone' Esquire, by yer lave, aftber that, an, walked wid a gould-headed cane whin' be didu't ride in his carriQ?e and pair. He wint to Ballarut soon after, an' tuk to sharebroking, an'other villiny' wid the money he got from the ghost, med a terrible big pile besides, an' fiekem a highly-inspected jintleinau. an' a mimber of Parlinent. But ivery year, as sartain as the New Year's Day kem round, ould Diuny would drive in his carriage np to the new hotel at the Stony Rises, lave it there, an' whin night kem on he'd tek bis books undher his arrum, an' bobble up to the ould ruins. There he'd find Donovan's ghost sittin' on the damp hearthstone, waitin' for him, wid a pipe stuck in his gob, quite jolly like, singing, —" St. Kevin and the King. D'ye know tbu lilt. This is it;"' and Jimmy struck up with comical gravity— " As St. Kevin was a wandcrin' Near a place called GlimdiJ Loch, He met his Majesty the ICin^. An' he asked him for a slioch. . Ses the King, ' You are a sti-iuigcr, An' your face I haven't seen, But av you've got a bit o' weed I'll lend you my dudeeu.' Wid me ding a ring a ra." An thin whin he'd git to th» chorus--, he'd thump away wid his bouc ou liie onld hearthstone to kape time ; till Dinuy would come iu wid tje buoks, an' thin the two would go into thim, an' av it was a good year tbe ghost would be in high glee ; but av Dinny lost money—oh ! murttier, but he'd Lie in peltber; an' he'd shake the boor nt poor Dinuy, threaieu he'd give li.m the contents av it av he didn't do belt her next time; an' wliiu oulu Dinny died at last, tbe boys r•mnd there swear that ivery year yet, on New Year's Night, the eho.-t of.mid Donovan, aud the sperrit oi Dinuy Malone, does be matin' in th« milil pub, to go -over tbe books u uiiat more. Only now whie they've dom-. they both starts to sing '' St. K •»«» the K.ng '' An'chaps ilidt ».•.-. by that way at night beard them littin' away lor liaie lite, an' bull bating time wid their lliigli-bones mi tbe ould heartlistonc. — Johnson's Christmas on Carrin^a." 