LITERATURE. : ; MIND AND BODY ' A survey of the historical course, ofpsy- chology, or the science of mind, shows thai eaoh stage of its advance lias been the. result of somenearly contemporaneous' discovery, in one branch or 'other of the physical science The contributions mode to the study.by tjty older psychologists, such as Hobbes, Locke; Hartley, and others following in their train. were connected with the conceptions of motion, of force, and of elemental combinatio,i> prevailing in the mechanics, the natural philosophy, and the chemistry of. their day; and would seem to have received more 'or less the initiative from the development of such conceptions respectively. In like manner, the contributions of the later psy chologists are determined by the wider and more pronounced conceptions now domi nating in the sphere of physical science', in consequence of the recent rapid progress " of physiology and biology. Accordingly, as ad vancing knowledge has brought psychology into closer relations with the physical sciences generally, we find that the inductive method so fruitful in the investigation of other natural phenomena, has been more rig&ly; applied to the study of mental phonomena-; and as the result, apparently, of the appli cation of this method, w.e find a growing tendency manifested by psychologists to re gard mind and body as so inextricably .urnted that the study of the mind apart from th? study of the body is pronounced to be quits out of the question. That is to say, tli'e''oI4 plan of attempting to rear a fabric of mchtp Bcience on the basis of self- consoiousnesa alone is being discarded in : favor of thp method which conjoins with the revektunji? of consciousness: a minute study of :the physical organisation in all its ramifioations, and a careful induction from the facts 'ob served. The result of themefhod iB to fepog- nise mental facts as assimilated to physical facts, and many are disposed to think- that in the complete materialisatipri of mind mayba found the ultimate solution of the mystery of mind. The tendency in this direction i« more especially observable in the worjes of a psychologist who occupies at the University of Aberdeen the professorial chair once adorned by Reid, the eminent founder ol- what is called the Scotch sohool of mental philosophy. Professor Bain has acquired a prominent reputation by fu8 unremitting devotion for many years to the investigation of the nature of the connection between mind and body, and by the publication of his researches in works which are valued as text-hooks by students. A compendious statement of his views has recently appeared in a small volume which forms one of th» International Series of popular scientific treatises now in course of publication, and deserves attention on tho part of general readers who have not the time for tackling his larger volumes. The work is based throughout on the assumption that the functions of thebodily organisationmust throw light on the mysteries of the mind. Instead, therefore, of wasting time on the manifes tations of mind in consciousness, Dr. Bain begins with the body, with the organs, of sense and motion, with the brain and ner vous system, 'and after examining -their structure and' operations, he uses all tji<l knowledge so gained as a key by which, tc unlock, if possible, tho secrets of Miqcu The question is very fairly stated;- at thq outset. Many persons, he says, mccktyg'; ask : — . " ' ,i ; What has mind to do with brain substance; white and grey? Can-any facts or laws regarding the Bpirit of man be gained through a scrutiny oZ nerve fibres and nerve cells? The question; whatever may he insinuated in putting it, is highly relevant, and raises great issues; The con ceivable answers are various : — First. _ Granting mind and body to be in our present life insepa rable, yet the two might be supposed to have their modes of existence altogether distinct, the one boiDg wholly unaffected by the . other. Consequently, each would have to be studied ia its own way, and for its own sake alone. Oa this supposition, the study of brain matter might be interesting as physiology and for applications to medioine and, surgery, but would be quite be yond the province of the mental philosopher.' Although no intrinsic improbability attaches t® this supposition, it is scarcely in accordance with what we find in the usual course of things- There is no example of two agents so closely united as mind ana body, without some mutual interference or adaptation. Still, the union. of our incorporeal and corporeal parts is a case quite peculiar, not to say unique : and we are not en« titled to pronounce beforehand as to the - be havior of two Buch agents in respect nf each other. Secondly. There might be cartain mental functions of. a lower kind, partially dependent upon the material organisation, while the highesfe functions might; ha of a purely spiritual nature, gr 1 >.1- — . — jn no way governed -by physical conditions. For jeceiving impressions, in the first instance, we need the external senses j we are dependent on the,C<ffi6titntioh and working of the eye, the ear, the organ of touch, and so on ; yet the deeper processes named memory, reason, imagination — may bo pure spirit, beyond and apart from all material processes. In such a case, the inquirer into mind would do well to study the mechanism of the senses ; but, for the purpose ho has in view, it would be needless to go further. Thirdly. Thero may be an intimate relation and depen dence of mind and body all through, every mental act having a concurrent bodily change ; yet the two modes of operation may be so different as to throw no light on each other. No great laws may ho traceable on either side, or the Jaws may be.couched in such heterogeneous tarms that we can make: no comparison of the two. A pleasure and a nervous current are found to ariso simul taneously j but tho concurrence (we may suppose) signifies nothing, suggests nothing. There is something to 1 be gained by connecting pleasure with a repast, a concort, or a holiday ; but the mention of nerve currents gives no information of a practical land, and does not add to our know ledge of the laws of pleasure. Fourthly. While allowing it to be possible that a thorough under standing of tho brain would contribute to a know ledge of the mind, one might deny that anything jet known, or ini immediate prospect of being mown, is of .value in' that way. Thus the ob trusion of physiology at the present stage would be , superfluous and impotent. Fifthly. The.po- sition may be takem tbat a' knowledge of.. the bodily workings has already improved our know ledge of the mental workings, and, as we continue our- researches, will do so more and more. Which of these suppositions is the truth could be seen only after examining the actual state of the case: Dr. Bain then adduces numerous facta, showing that the connection of mind and bqdy is not occasional or partial, but thorough going and complete. As instances of the uniformity of the connection, he refers to tidily expression of the feelings exhibited in the smile of 'joy,: the puckered features in (lain, the stare of astonishment, the quivering cf fear, the tohe3 and glanoe of tenderness, the frown of anger; every feeling, the loftiest, the noblest. and the holiest, as well as the grosser, having each their appropriate em bodiment' in, our fleshly form. "This very strong and patent fact, he observes, "-has been usually kept' out of view in the multi-. farious discussions respecting the immaterial, squl. Apparent as it is to the vulgar, and intently studied as it has been by the' sculptor, the painter, and the . poet, it has been disregarded both by metaphysicians and by theologians when engaged in settling the boundaries of mind and body. " Further instances of the-intimate connection are seen' in the influence of bodily changes oh mental ' states. Our inward feelings and moods are largely dependent upon, such . physical con- ditionp as hunger, repletion, the state of the stomach, fatiguo, and rest, pure qnflvimpuxe air,, cold and warpath, stimulants and drugs, bodily injuries,. disease, sleep, and advancing; yfears: The) influence, again, : of mental'., changes upon the body- is equally seen when, sadden outbursts of : emotion derange' the bodily functions,' when - fear paralyses the . digestion; when 'great oriental depression or eietracted 1 anc( ecyerc mental- labor erir Jeeblea all the organs. . Tuiriing to the; organ; Which is; most intiniiately ' associated with", blind, wo find riot . only that brain changes affect the uiental, functions, hut also that: mental changes;. affect the. structure of. the brain: A blow on tho head . suspends for; the time consciousness and thought, 'and at a «ertain>pitoh- of severity produces perttibnent mental derangement. ' Stimulating drugs act npon thei brain . and nerves,- and when; so' (mn'Mto'lhthrjtejreitherpxhp'ria-.. trition of brain, ,'and , ! iierye spbatanco, thi.y foduce.naeiital imlieci ifcy./Aa to mental; changes leadingto brain changes, or being as sociated withthomrwe/find that after great; mental '.exertion or ; excitement; there. . is an increase of - the products of nervous waste, - for- alkalino—phoBhates reihbved from1 the WbCd by the- kidneys sire derived from the braihand' nbrves j- and these "are increased' after seV.ere; exercise of the mind. More de cisive stfll is the association of insanity with bjriuja derangement; As" evidence on this trnad Bain quotes the testimony of Drs. Tuke ancfRutherford, to the effect that on examin ing the brains of thirty insane persons, wheso deaths' occurred consecutively, and were in no-'-way selected on account of any pecu- culiarity, they noticed in every case a marked departure, in one form or another, from the healthy structure" of the brain, and enume rate no less than nine species of morbid changes, discovered by microscopical1 exami nation. In fact, it i$; now' admitted by medical; men that disease .of. the brain is in all cases a concomitant of pronounced mental aberration. ' After pursuing the physi ological argument through several chapters, opr anthorcomes to the question, bowaremind and body united ? Here he reminds those , who are disposed to treat the question as an insoluble mystery, that mystery is the Isolation of .a fact from all others, that ex planation is the discerning of agreement among facts remotely placed, and the bring, fog them by their agreement under one commanding principle or law. He maintains, therefore, . that a mystery Is _ unriddled, according as the mys terious. fact can be shown, to resemble other .facts, and that the. final term of ex planation of the difficulty is found when we Eave reached a general principle or law com prehensive enough to embrace all the facts. Applying these remarks to the relation of mind ana body, Bain admits that the close incorporation of two facts, ' so totally different in their nature, renders ; the union very puzzling to express in lnguagb. The doc- trjne of i two Bubstiumes— a. matbriiil united wath an immaterial; — he regards as.no longer compatible with ascertained i science and clear thinking. "What his doctrine is we find stated' in.; a: sent ence atr the close of the book. " The one substance,'? his" say's 7 !' with two sets of properties, two sides, the" physi cal, i&d; the mentalr-a double-faced unity— . appear t? cqmply wifh' 'all. the exi- gciea.of'the'basO.ff ; . " . . this doctrine be ateriahsmj.as some aye. disposed to thipk, it is"; so -guarded' and qualified as to. avoid: some of the. objections : to jwhich- materialism, as commonly, under- "jood, is exposed. Granted,- that it sets obido, on the.'ono hand, thb w: d'ily-prevalenfc conception of- an immateriidi'soulj- an incor poreal' essence; or 'prihcipl ; aii .entityj so ntperiy . vagub 'as .m ;be .. a nonentity, d.oes it not set aside,- onr the /other,, hand, . ' the "imd eqMcM'ofiifcraa&mi;,-'- which jreduce thopghtii to , i/mprej' sccretipn of the, -brain leaves it -no -room,1: we may! ' C ; i;'- ; -v! as for- that other conception of ' tlm sonl,' which has unaccountably dropped' out ' bf; view, both in the speculations of philoso-.: ihers and the creeds of theblogians, ant which has been the basis .of men's; actual faith in all ages, and countries and- which is more or less,., clearly ex pressed in tradition, in poetry, and in common talk? We refer to that con- ception of tho soul which, regards it as an internal body, having form and sub stance, and constituting a real, internal man, the exact counterpart of tho out ward form. You may call it a; spiritual body, or a material body, according to tho meaning you attach to these terms, respectively.. St. Paul calls it a spiritual body, meaning thereby, we presume, that it is real as to form and energy, though diffe rent in degree of refinement from the mate rial body it underlies. ' ' There is a natural body," says the Apostle, " and there ib a spiritual body," affirming of each that it exists now, and giving us to understand that the two are co-existent during the term of mortal life. "Howbeit," he goes on to ssy, "that is -not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural, and afterwards that which is spiritual," which may be taken to mean that the soul or spiritual body is the very highest achievement of organisation, the fullest and ripest development of all its energies. As a matter of fact we have in our human frame various forms, structures, . systems or bodies, one wrapped within the other, one developing into another, and the several developments attaining more and more perfection, power and . beauty. We have the skeleton form, and the mus cular form, and- within these we have the structure known as the venous and arterial system, and the still more delicate structure of the nervous system. Why then should we not conceive that there exists interiorly to the whole, a system, structure, or body, co- related to all the rest as they are to each uiiiiei, uuu ul Mie same time rne mosc com plete in form, the most exquisite in feature, and the most powerful in energy of the whole series of organic developments? ; What though science can find no trace of the exist- . ence of such a body within the body, for jwhen, we ask, has it been received" as an" axiom that there is nothing ex-' isting but what comes actually within the range of the senses or of the microscope ? ' It is enoilgh that science can no more deny its existence than affirm it. We ask-no thing more of science than roomto entertain la's a probability the idea which St. Paul ex- ; pressed in tho words referred to ; the idea ; which was taught by the early fathers of the ; : church ; the idea which underlies the .uriiver-. leal' ghost belief; the idea' which' is iindi-> cated alike in the Biblical records and various traditions of the cherished1 spiritism of the; past; and in the revived' 'spiritism -"of ; the; present ; ! thq idea which1 constitutes, ' 'one of the riohcst elements of 'our ' p'oetry. ; Wo take it to be ' more than a mere figure 6f; speech when Shakspeare says 'i-r- ; j;,.' n- , A spiritLam Indeed, >'. j 1 ...But am in :that. dimension mros8ly clad. - ; 1 Iroia the .womb I diu participate. . , iWe would fain, attach some 'substantikli meaning to those words whidh' Shelley uses 'to 'describe the appearance J,6f the soul dfis; iehgaged-atrieath-t-:.,,1;.10:' ' " : I ' '; It-stood,, ; AU beautiful hi naked purity, ' ' 'Tlio perfect semblanee of ita bodily frame, ; .' .. . Instinct with inexpressible.beauty 'andgi-ttce, -i; ' ' > - 'VjSich stain oliea'rthUness!-;':<' j .- Had'pa83odavvay it re-assumed ' It8naUvc digpiitv, and 80951,. ..uamortMihidfruin.'..'' . ; Were scieuce ta deprive us; of that idoa, it would leave us so muoh the poorer' in . rimagif1 nation and hope,; and we are-thankful there fore. to say that"1 Science' has hot .'so beggared' hayofc. ''jr '/'/ ' ! 