THE OPERA HOUSE PANTOMIME. Tho manager of tho "Opora House took timo by the forelock, and brought out his pantomime for this season on Thursday night, instead of following the usual cus tom of waitiug for Boxing night. Thcro was a tolerably numerous audience, hut the absence of tbo crowd that usually gathers on the occasion of tlio first performance of a pantomime scorned to iuiliuato that, as it would be heterodox to cat plum pudding or play at snap- dragon befure Christmas day, so they did not caro to anticipate tlie glories of tho transformation sceue or the broad fun of the harlequinade even by a few hours. Thoso who wero present will, however, ho able to give a good report of Ada mants, the Proud Princess of Profusia, and hor Six Unlucky Suitors, or Harlequin Riddlo-me-reo and tho Transit of Venus from a New Point of Observation. Such is tho title of the pantomime, and tho author is Mr. Garnet Walch, a gentleman who has won his spurs iu this class of litera ture. The impression left by tho first performance is that the ma jority of tlio puns are far fetched, and tho brillianoy of tho wit is obseured. It may, however, he confidently predicted that the trito ring will be given to tho mirth 'when tho dramatis persona1 aro moro familiar with their parts. Tho pantomimo is splen didly pot on tko stage, for tlio soonory is now and very brilliant, tho dresses nre gorgeous, and tho musical selections are un usually good, as they should bo in nu opera house, even out of season. There are some oiever points in tbe working out of tho plot that will go far towards securing a successful run. For instance, the six unlucky suitors, who in their endea vor to win the princess loso their own heads, constitute a gallery of local portraits easily recognisable. Mr. Butters is followed by tho ox-king of Fiji, to whom tbo artist has not been complimentary. A well-known bookmaker, tba Commissioner of Customs, a popular Colliti9-strcet doctor, and tbo im porter of tbo first donkey — reintroduced for positively the last time, it is to be hoped — lurnish muoh fun, anilserve as pegs on which the author lias hung some smart kadinago. The plot of tho pantomimo lias been given in these columns. Mr. E. Farley is The Great Al, and acts with considerable cleverness, and, as soma popular songs are allotted to liim, his full round bass voice enables him to sustain the interest of the audience while ho is on the stage. Quocn Rnbusta, chief wife and complete mistress of tho foregoing (Mrs. J. H. Fox), acts capitally, and with an nssortiveness that proves very diverting. The quarrelling duet between those two is very well sung. Alias Carey is tlio l'rinoess Adainauta, bho docs not carry tinsel well, and has looked far moro clinrming in genteol comedy. Her talents do not ruu in tho direction of tlio broad humor belonging to tlio part she has assumod. Probably when the novelty of tho situation lias worn ofl, she will fall into the pantomimic vein. MissCarey was to hove taken parts in duets, and ouo of thoso had baen specially composed by Mr. John Hill. Mr. Bracy had stated that Miss Carey was unable to sing, and nt the timo hen alio puglit to warklo she coughod, and pointed to her throat, like the ghost of a murdered man in one of Slinkspenre's ploys. Consequently, it may be inferred that Miss Carey is not in prima vocal condition, anil must bo ex cused from singing for tlio present, There was a good deal of prettiness in the render ing of the part of Flirtina by Miss Alice Wooldridgo, and slio made mischiof so charmingly that hor worst onemies could hardly bear malice against hor. The Court jester, Count Joseph von Miller (Mr. Daniels ), dresses like Pitncb, and, joking like tho same merry personage, made pirns that wero diverting from their badness, but proved himself a fellow of infinite jost, and broke out occasional)/ in scintillations of wit that set tbe audience roaring. Miss Jennie Winston, it need hardly be said, made tbo Pilgrim of Love a dashing young spark, handsome and sprightly enough to tcnipt even Adamanta, ana to interest the sympathies of tlie fairies. Her acting and singing were worthy of high commendation, and had a freshness and spontaneity about them tlmt com municated vivacity even to those engaged with lier in the several scenes. Mr. Leopold, as phlunki, displayed a wonderful amount of comicality in whatever situation bo appeared. When subjected to tho frequent proddings of a mischievous littlo imp armed with, a spear, the younger portion of the audience at any rate, and certainly _ the tiny aotor, enjoyed tho proceedings immensely. Mr. Henry Bracy dressed tjbe part of Prince Humbug liaudsomoly, end sang pleasantly, which was about all that lie was called upon to do, Mr. James Carey scored the first encore of the evening as Runemin, an inspector of police, by singing an original version of I run them in. Tbo stage accessories in connection with the pantomimo were more than usually brilliant. Tho jewel guards of tho royal treasure chamber wero ablaze with glitter ing appointments, made dazzling By the rays cf lime lights. Tho corps of tlrimiiners, trainod.bySiguorCanna, wore most efficient, and kept up a deafening olatter of sido drums in excellent time. The ballet girls danced the shawl dance very cleverly, Frnu- loiu Fanny acting as Queen of the revols' Tho transformation scene was splen didly managed, and oonsistad of niuo de velopments, including, amongst others, the Butterflies' bower, the ItoalmB of Jack Frost, Flora's Tribute, and tho Veiled Beauty, the Noonday Sun and tho glory of Apollo, anil the Temple of Venus. In the harlequinade Fraulein Fanny was columbine, Mr. H. Leopold hniiequin, Mr. F. Derbyshire ciown, Mr. W. P. Morrison pantaloon, Master Alfred Evans sprite, and Mr. E. Carey the policeman. Tho tricks wore cleverly ma naged, and the jokes were provocative of much langlitor. Tho pantomimo will he re peated this evening. 