TELEGRAPHIC NEWS, Adelaide, Nov. 26: 7 5 p.m. Gowling, the Emigration Agent in England, is dead. His death resulted from colic, after thirteen days illness. A favorable obituary notice appears in the lin n hiy Journal. The officers of the Barracouta played the members of the Cricket Association this afternoon. The weather was disagreeable, clouds of dust sweeping the City. Melbourne, Nov. 2<5. Til full Court it has been decided that the compulsory clauses of the Education Act arc imperative. The onus of proof of the age of children who don't attend school lie • with the Crown. An amending act will lie necessary. Messrs. Forrest have been publicly entertained. A committee of the House of Assembly at Sydney have agreed by a majority of one that the Governor's minute regarding the release of G irdncr the bushranger, is indefensible. The report of the Committee was rejected by the casting vote of the speaker. Mr. Parkes regards the result as tantaount to a defeat of the Ministry. The Assembly has adjourned to enable the Government to consider their position. THE ENGLISH MAIL will leave Glenelg on Saturday 5 December. The next arrival is expected on Monday 14th. WE are requested to call attention to the advertisments of the Narracoorte Art-Union in another column. IN the requisition to Mr. Elijah Whitford of George Street, requesting that gentleman to stand for the Town Council, the number twenty-eight was erroneously printed twenty-one. The correction is made in this issue, A CANDIDATE FOR THE PENINSULA.— The Advertiser hears that Mr. William Quin, who formerly represented Port Adelaide in the House of Assembly, has been asked to allow himself to be nominated for the new District of Yorke's Peninsula at the approaching elections. MOONTA JETTY.— The contractor is making good progress towards the completion of his undertaking. The shore end of the jetty is planked over, affording a footway direct to the shore. The rails are being laid on the seaward end of the structure and the crane, the component parts or which are on the jetty will shortly be erected. NEW BUILDING.- Mr. W. Bently, photog- rapher, is about to have built for him in George Street a photographic studio and premises, the contracts for which have been taken by Messrs Maddern junr. and Co. for the mason work, and Messrs. Rossiter and Davies for the carpentry. The building when completed will be a great improvement to the immediate neighborhood. SCARCITY OF WATER.— One of the Moonta Mine stills has already been set in operation to produce water for the Company's horses. This is an ominous sign of the fast decreasing supply in the tanks. Great as was the scarcity of water in the Moonta district last summer, the stills were not required to work so early in the year by three or four months as at present. Unless a heavy rainfall occurs shortly, the probability is that numbers of families will be compelled to leave the Peninsula, MOONTA CORPORATION.— The Moonta Council sat on Tuesday afternoon to hear appeals against the assessment, the members present being His Worship the Mayor. Councillors Rossiter, Thomas, and Tiddy. Twenty-seven claims were allowed, the appellants being qualified as ratepayers by their names appearing in the assessment book. Seven claims were not entertained in consequence of the names of the parties not appearing in the assessment book. One claim was disallowed because the appellant had not taken the requisite steps in time to qualify himself as a ratepayer. WE call attention to the anniversary Services of the Baptist Sunday .School for next Sunday and Monday. Messrs, Campbell, Casely, Hancock and Price are advertised as taking part in them. We are informed that the hymns selected for the Service of Song are those used by Mr. Sankey in the Revival Meetings in Great Britain, with connective readings specially prepared for the approaching anniversary. The Service of Song which will constitute the Sunday afternoon's service, will also be given on Monday evening, along with addresses, when there w ill be no charge for admission. We anticipate a good attendance and a very enjoyable service. MOONTA BAY JETTY.—The following measurements of the depths of water at lowest tides at Moonta Bay may we believe bo relied upon for accuracy :—At the Jetty head, 7 ft. 9 in.; at a distance of fifty feet in a straight line, 8 ft. 8 in. ; one hundred feet, 9 ft. 6 in. : one hundred and fifty feet, 10 ft. 3 in. The measurements beyond that distance have not been taken ; but presumably the depth increases with distance in the same ratio, so that the required addition of four hundred feet would give sufficient depth for all purposes. VALEDICTORY.—ON Wednesday evening the members of the Football Club assembled at the Royal Hotel, for the purpose of giving a complimentary dinner to the Captain of the Club, Mr. G. C. Howie, who is on the eve of leaving the district. A very excellent provision for the table was made by Host Stuart, who in these matters has an old reputation which he carefully sustains. After the withdrawal of the cloth, Mr. Gardiner accepted the position of Chairman, and performed the duties with great credit to himself. A full programme of sentiments and songs was then introduced, and some capital singing and far from ineffective speaking prolonged an evenings' entertainment to a late hour. The following is a list of the songs—" Dearest Mae" sung by Mr. M. C. Adams; *• Pulling up against the stream, " Mr. Coltman; " The Englishman," Mr. Pellew ; " Annie Lvle,'' Mr. Barker ; " A motto for every man." Mr. Jolly : " Buffalo Girls," Mr. Coltman ; " Paile Britannia,'' Mr. Pellew : and Auld Lang Syne," by the Company." The toasts were the usual loyal and constitutional utterances; " The Health of Mr. Howie," proposed by Mr. Coltman and responded by the guest of the evening : The Parliament," proposed by Mr. Jolly and responded to by Mr, Derrington ; " The Mining and Agricultural interests of Yorke's Peninsula." proposed by Mr. Pellew, and responded to by Mr. Jolly : The Town and Trade of Moonta," coupled with " The Mayor and Corporation." proposed by Mr. Howie. Mr. Opie responding; " Mrs Musgrave and. the Ladies of South Australia,' proposed by Mr. Pearson. Mr. Butler responding; " Success ro the Football Club,"proposd by Mr. Nettleton and responded to by Mr Adams, the Secretary who submitted a satisfactory balance-sheet. showing a slight, surplus, "The Press," proposed by Mr. Opie. and responded to by the representative, of this Journal ; " The Host, and Hostess,'" proposed by Mr. .Schroder, and responded to by Mr. Stuart: "The Chairman," proposed by Mr. Adams, and responded to by the gentleman occupying that position. Some very neat little speeches were made, the more commendable because the most of them were "maidens" and the whole affair passed off very agreeably. THE CORNUVIA has been got off the shore and towed to Port Adelaide. MESSRS TUXFORD, of Adelaide the well-known machinery importers, have failed. MR. PAUL PHILLIPS. J.P. has been found dead near the Mallee hut, about two miles from Blinman. Mr. Pearson has accepted the Headmastership of the new Ladies' Presbyterian College Melbourne. MEASLES IN CLARE.— During the past week five children have died in Clare from the after effects of measles. MR. SAMUEL TOMKINSON intends leaving Adelaide by the Mail Steamer at the end of January for a European tour. SCARCITY OF SERVANT GIRLS.— An influential movement has been initiated in Sydney to import a number of first-class English domestics. VICTORIAN EDUCATION ACT.— The Supreme Court has granted a rule nisi for a prohibition in cases at the Police Court under the the compulsory clauses of the Education Act. HEAVY FLEECES.— The Lincoln rams belonging to Mr. W. J. Browne, ot Moorak, that took the first prize at the Mount Gambier show yielded the one 23½lbs. of wool, and the and the other 221bs. DANGEROUS LIZARD.—A correspondent V,-rites to elie Grafton Observer," N.S.W. as follows..—As it is a popular belief that frillnecked lizards are harmless, 1 send you the following as a caution. Mr. Q. I'l. Miller, of Colmare, informs me that his dog was bitten on the nose by a small specimen of these reptiles. and was dead in ten minutes. THE STRIKE at Fulton's foundry, Melbourne, has terminated. HEAVY GAMBLING.—Some heavy gambling must be indulged in at Booligal. A correspondent of the " Hay Standard" writes:—A gentleman assured me that recently he was doing a little game at loo; at one time he was the loser of £112,000, but, fortunately for himself, only dropped as he says, £15 5s.; another gentleman gave his cheque for his losings; and at one period of the trame as much as £400.000 was on J the table at one time. I felt a little delicate . about takinsr in the whole of these figures, j but I was assured that thev were correct, Mv informant further stated"the luckv win- j ner was a very large station owner, worth - more money than could be conveniently ' counted in one dav." MR. JAMES HARVEY, Superintendent of the Wallaroo Smelting Works, has gone to New South Waies, to inspect the Smelting works at Waratah, and to make a. general tour, of observation about the Newcastle district. INCOHERENT TEACHING.— Every one, writes " Attieus," has read the .story of the ; zealous young lady who undertook to examine a Sunday-school class. All went on well till it came to the Creed. At a certain period there was an awful pause. " Go on ; my boys." said the fair instructress. « If you please, ma'am, the boy who believes in the Holy Ghost isn't at school to-day." Very absurd, and perhaps a little irreverent. But 1 know a professor who teaches his class pretty much in the manner that the Sundayschool boys had been taught. One year he dwells upon one subject, the next upon another. If in 1874 he concentrates all his attention upon the vertebrate animal?, the next year he dcvotes^hiui self to the invertebrate. The result is that the students who pass through his hands only learn fragments of natural history, just as the boys at the Sunday-school of the story were only taught sections of the Apostles' Creed."' DIPHTHERIA.— Diphtheria, the Mount Gambier paper regrets to say, still prevails to a considerable extent in the district. There are several cases in the town, and a few days ago two cases were brought up from Allendale, one of which has ter ninated fatally. There have been about 15 cases within the last t hree months treated here, five of which has resulted fatally. The type now prevailing is said to be of a very malignant character; and so far as medical men are able to judge the cases have arisen spontaneously—that is to snv without contact between those striken with the disease. A WHOLESALE MURDERER.—The "Walhalia Chronicle"' states that a report is in circulation that a man named Jim the butcher, formerly a reside.'it of Donnelly's Creek and Walhalla, had been hung in New Zealand, and confessed to not less than eight mur.lers, and to having also murdered a man ou the Donnelly's Creek track twelve years ago, for which an old resident in the district named Jim Bruce was innocently accused, and the reputed Jim tie butcher is said to be an old resident named James Slaviu. The " Chronicle" emphatically denies that Slav in is the man referred to. PLAGIARISM BY A PREACHER.—The Ballarat district Wesieyan meeting has judged the Rev. Mr. Ingham guihy of plagiarism from Mr. Talmage. The " Stn;" reports that " the case of Mr. Ingham, in accordance with his own request, came on for hearing on 5th 5list., and the whole of the afternoon was occupied in hearing evidence for and against. On the «th inst.. the case was resumed, and after a long consideration the meeting found Mr. Ingham ' guilty of p agiarism, believing that he was directly or indirectly indebted for portions of his s.-rmon to Mr. Talmage's printed sermon, and recommended to conference that he lose one year's standing in consequenec." SHORT COMMONS.—A recent number of the Mount Perry paper says :—Even with the common necessaries of life, it is cither a feast or a famine in Mount Perv. For the last fo tnight it has been impossible to obtain as much as an ounce of butter for lov • or money, and in ihe u.aiter of cheese and bacon we have to sufLV;r any amount of periodical perplexity. We wish some one would open a weil-con-hir-tecl general produce store here; we are of opinion that, so kmu' as a moderale profit only was demanded, it would be what may be term.d -.veVi-.vupported. A HYPOCHONDRIAC.—The Wangarafcta Despatch" states that a woman named .Jane Arthur, who was brought before the local bench as a. lunat ic, labors under the strange delusion that her stomach is the receptacle of surgical instruments, and when before the police ma jistmje she denied b ;ing of unsound mind. She asserted iiot when tin: doctor could spare Jime ;.> j.vri'orm an Dpi-rrAion and remove the inst runout-! from her sine she would be al! right. NONPLUSSING A SQUATTER.—Politics and kindness of heart (writes the - Grenville Advocate)" sometimes clash, as was the casein one instance, if the following is corrcct. : —One day lately. Mr. Phillip l!usse!L M.L.C. of Carngham. wa« n. m-ensiei] bv .•) sw.icrmrm. who asked the hi- work. Mri Jl.iJSffell replied ; •• WejJ. ntv good fellow you can have, a food ami welcome : really I ha. e more men emj^oyeu j.hn.n I c :J n find work for, and men arc applying to me for work every day." The mati then looked Mr. Russell earnestly in the face and asked : Did you not advocate the introduction of a bill for a fresh influx of immigration yet at the same time know such is not wanted ?'" The honourable member was evidently non-plussed as he at once turned on his heels and walked away : but whether the promised feed was given, our informant does not 0tate. 