METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. "I must have liberty Witlial, as large a charter as the wind, To blow on whom I please " — Shakespeare. Our members have amused, themselves jthis week, between legislating ana dining. 'The governor has got six month's leave of absence, and of conrso he could'nt be: sent,- as the scripture has it, "hungry away, he muat have a dinner." So Macmahon gathered the elite, the distin guished,. the wealthy, and: everybody who could afford to get a good dinner for themselves, and gave them one.' It was a real dinner too, none of your seven and sixpenny ones, including tough poultry and colonial wine. The wines were, of course, of the most recherche brands. The corks bore names, which even that luxurious epicure, celebrated in songnnd story, " Champagne Charley," would have delighted to honor. The ming ling and apportioning of the ingredients of which the " potage" was composed, showed that the caterer had completely mastered that portion of the gastronomic art. The " chicken fixens" were superb ; all the birds belonged to the present gene ration, and their mastication was quite possible,' even by those whose dentals art, not nature, supplies. Everything was first rate, even the little spouting ; the silver and the sauces ; the fish and 'the flowers ; the potatoes and the peas. Our colonial wines took a good place. The Narveno of John Davies who, some years ago, left off .politics and took to planting, was there, and so was the Ancorot of Fallon. — wines grown, in localities two hundred miles apart — one near the Yarra, the other near the Murray — thus shewing that the whole country might be properly placed under the tutulage of the jolly God, and From the centre all round to the sea might be properly called Bacchus' Marsh, instead of only a small but fertile patch of it. M.P.'s were there in full force, and if they went into legis lation half so well as they do the feeding, our Statute books would beat all crea tion. Sir G. Bowen is really a hearty good fellow, loves a good joke, good wine-, and . good ' fellowship. He has fallen upon good times too. His peaceful reign, so far, has not heen disturbed by those knotty questions of State policy, which killed Sir Charles Hotbam, called forth all the constitutional " lore" and natural acumen of Sir Henry Barkley, deprived the good Sir Charles Darling of his high position, made " Canterbury" sometimes a little uneasy, lessened the relish of his port and walnuts, and made him glad to get away from our midst. There hRS not been even a ghost of a dead lock to disturb Governor Bowen. The special genius of his Prime Minister Kerferd is to make all things as pleasant as possible — do as you like, but let there be peace and quietness, aud for the present there is peace and quietness ac cordingly. The Richmond people gave Francis a dinner too. It is much to be regretted that we are — even for a time — to lose him. Few men who have attained dis tinguished positions suited the time so well — certainly none better. Shrewd, ob serving, and calculating, he kept pace with the movements of the people. He rnled others because he ruled himself. He never permitted himself — either to individuals or to the public — to make promises he was conscious he could not or would not fulfil. If he answered an application — in any capacity — with a direct negative it was because he was compelled in honesty so to do. It is a besetting sin with many of our public men to promise what they never even intend to fulfil ; to raise expectations which they know well will never he realised. Many aching hearts and un happy homes have resulted from this worst of all traits in -the character of many of our public men. The brusque, hut decided " no." of Francis might, for a moment, dash fondly cherished hopes, hut it did not, like the ignis fatuus, promise all things to all men. M.P's. lead a man off the track to land him in a hog. Richmond will he for a time de prived of the services of a good repre sentative, and the colony of a good pub lic administrator ; but all will join in wishing him bon voyage, restored vigor, and safe retnm. Our Lord Mayor has heen dining too. In fact there has been such a round of feeding, junckeiing, and holiday-making in the metropolis, that it will he rather difficult to settle fairly down to work again. "Whatever qualities man has in common with other animals it must he concluded that he is the only cooking and dining animal. It is said that the Duke of Wellington — whatever else he did — always dined. He had an accom plished French cook, who accompanied him through all his campaigns. While the battle of Waterloo was raging, ' cooky" was quietly preparing the Duke's dinner. Some one suggested that the -English general would not want it. The cook, however, strong in his faith in the hero of a hundred fights, replied, " The Duke may he late, but he will vant his dinner von he has. vin the fight." The Duke dined in his tent somewhat pensively, perhaps, but the cook served .up the dinner to the illnstrious victor, quite a matter of course. " Cooky" never doubted the result of the fight. I once dined with a friend whose hospitality really partook of the sublime. He was one of those men who" wielded the carving knife in such a scientific manner as rather beautified than dilapi dated the joint, or the barn door that he operated upon — barn door fowl I mean. To see him handle the knife and fork one would banish the idea that there was such a thing among those things " the flesh is heir to" as dispepsia — the very appearance of the man at the head of his table would cure the most confirmed hypochondriac. On the occasion, how ever, when I bad the delectable pleasure of having my Irgs under bin mabogony, a padding of very klegaut. exterior, aud sending forth a sweet smelling savor, which would not' have phtyed- second fiddle to Araby the blest, was placed before the host. It attracted the special attention of all the. guests. All were helped, and were in-ecstacies of delight — a rare treat had been prepared. However, as soon as the much admired chef d'ouvre appeared, the genial coun tenance of our host was suddenly over shadowed as a glorious summer day is sometimes by a thundercloud, a deep sigh escaped him, like the preliminary scjpgh of a coming storm. However, after a little the cloud passed away, the threatened storm did not break. My curiosity was aroused, "so I took a pliant hour, after diuner, and asked my friend the reason. " Well," said he, " that has been the most expensive dish that comes - to my table; I- am very fond of it." " Then there is more credit due to the good wife for producing it," said I. "Ah," said lie, " there's the rub. The little, vagabond knows:. how fond I am of that pudding. "Whenever I see it I am certain1 an attack is "going to be made upon my pocket. After that padding, I am as helpless as a child; I sign my name to the cheque, always served up before the flavor of that con coction — whatever it is— has departed." That little woman know her better half's weak points, and utilised it. Rent day at home is a great dining day Madge and Hodge go to the great hall, and revel in the good things which are in that case made and provided. A dinner a la mode is sometimes a puzzle to the uninitiated in the science of dining, as , course after course of a dinner a la Eusse appears, which sometimes, from the oysters to the cheese, consists of little short of twenty courses. This sort of wonder is set forth in the following lines of some waggish rhymster : — Hodge went one day to the sqnire's to dine, And drank his fill of ale and wine. Next day when asked how he fared, Said, " Yon may guess I somewhat stared — For after guttling soup and fish, And vension from a silver dish, Plompooding, too, and things like these, They brought me in "plain bread and cheese." I suppose our national roast beef and plum pudding will be our next excuse for feeding and holiday making; in the mean time I suppose we must do a bit of work. If one have a liesure" half hour while in the metropolis, I do not know that it can be better spent than in tho County Court, while your old, and of necessity much respected and well remembered, friend Judge Cope is on the bench. The maimer he handles iudebted humanity, unravels knotty points of practice in various trades, and detects attempts at sharping, is a sight to see. On a regular field day it would almost appear that one half the world was indebted to the other half. Sometimes after a running fire upon a score or so of names — plaintiffs and defendants. A wig rises and ac quaints the bench, that he is about to display his forensic abilities for the defendant. Then at it they go hammar aud tougs. An unfortunate creditor gets into the box, carefully produces books, &c.;, and- after about ten minutes badgeriug, seems to be in some doubt about his personal identity, and is completely confused as to whether he sells hats in Bou'rke-street or in the moon. In another ten" minutes he would swear at the suggestion of the opposing wig that he was not quite sure that he was not a bricklayer or a sailor. He gets out of the box as much relieved as we may suppose a man to be who had just escaped the rack or the thumb screw. Sometimes a smart, not to be bullied sort of a witness is put up, creates a bit of fun, and the barrister gets off the track. A case of the kind oc curred sometime since. After the usual question " What's your name," the lawyer suggested : " You keep the Rose, Thistle and Shamrock on the Heidleberg-road ? " " No, I don't " said Smith. The questioner was astonished, but after a little fencing was informed that the " pub" with the 'emblematic sign " kept Smith," and not badly either. Laugh in court of course. Barrister waxed wroth, and tried bnllying. " Pray who are you Sir, and what are you Sir, that you presume to treat the court with levity and con- temmpt ?" " Who am I aud what am I ?" said Smith. " I am an Englishman, and I always pay twenty shillings in the pound." Some part of this reply seemed to touch a bit of raw situated somewhere under that wig. Legal flesh and blood could stand it no longer. The interfer ence of his Honor was earnestly en treated, .but his Honor, who had evi dently been amused with the witness, said, " Really, I don't see how I can interfere ; it is .no offence for a man to be an Englishman, and further, if every man paid twenty shillings in the pound, there would be no necessity for this court." Smith got ont of the box smiling, and bombazine and horsehair subsided, a sadder and a wiser man. However all this badgering seems to go for nothing with the smart little judge. He soon discovers on which side the truth lies, or nearly so. He tots up the case and givs his verdict with a clearness and decision which generally wins the ap probation of the spectators. There are some clever young attornies practising in that court, and the Judge is much to be commended that he will not allow them to be put down by the old practitioners. He preserves order in a good-humored manner,- and strict compliance . with the rules of court. I have heard lamentations on all sides at the result of the Gup race. Pawn brokers and usners are in ecstacies. The day was certainly somewhat dusty, but it is astonishing the number of watches requiring repairs since the memorable Guy Faux Day, Pope said : — Our judgment, like onr watches, none Go just alike, bnt each believes his own. There are three of my personal friends who would have hacked their watches on the 4th November, 1S74, against the most perfect chronomoter, or even the sun dial in the Flagstaff Gardens itself, but strange to say they all wanted re pairing on the 6th. The repairs will take a month at least to perfect. Blondin resumes his wonderful per- formances ou Saturday next. It is well the tent did not give way while an as semblage of spectators was present. There wonld have been great eonfusioa, at least, perhaps, loss of life. There is a good story afloat about the high-rope dancer. He advertised in America for a secretary or managing man, at a liberal salary, and received about ten thousand applications. After the usual sifting process, he gradually reduced the number, until at last he selected a gentleman, who seemed suited in every way. The bargain was made, seemingly to mutnai satisfaction. "By the by," said Blondin, " there is one thing I forgot to mention. However, it is a trifling matter. I carry my secretary across the rope every even ing, aud alto across the Niagara." The chosen one looked aghast, and politely declined. However, it seems that Blondin succeeded in getting a man with nerves as well as business qualities. If he had mentioned the trifling matter in the ad vertisement, he would have saved himself much tronble. 