THEATRE ROYAL. On Monday evening "Hamlet" was played again at the Royal to a crowded and brilliant house. "Very few of the box seats were unoccu pied, and the rest of the Theatre was well taken up ; in fact, it was the beat house of the year. Miss Bowring, who, as the Queen, came first apon the stage, was received with prolonged and hearty cheering, and there were fresh bursts of applause immediately afterwards when Mr. Fairclough followed. The play , was pro duced with new effects, some of which were a great success. The appearance of the Ghost was altogether dispensed with, that portion of the spectacle being left to be imagined from the aoting. As far.as its appear ance to Hamlet and his friends is concerned* we think this arrangement a mistake, The idea is that the audience listening to the Ghost's sepulchral utterances and Hamlet's amazed and beseeching address to the shade of his sire, should be credited with.sufBoient intelligence to picture the' apparition for themselves ; but1 we can see no reason for such a departure from the old method of representing this portion of the drama. The spectators should be placed in the same position as the aotors in the scene. It is beside the maik to say that a ghost, as a • thing to be looked upon, is a mere creation of the fancy. It was to Hamlet, Horatio, and Marcellns a visible reality.- They saw Hamlet's father armed from head to foot, and with his vizor up, or they believed they saw all this," and persons witnessing the reproduction of this sceue should be able to see as did those who took part in it, and feel for the time in their position, and with their sensations. Imagination might be trusted to supply the ghost, but there is no more reason for not pre senting Hamlet, senior, in visible form, than there would be in leaving Mephistophele3 or the witches in Macbeth to the imagination. It is different in the closet scene, where the Queen can Bee nothing. However, the absence of the Ghost;makes perhaps greater demands npon the dramatic powers of Hamlet's representative, and Mr. Fairclough's rendering of his inter view with the spirit of his father was a magni ficent piece of powerful and natural. acting. As we.have been fortunate: enough to see Mr, Fairolough several times in this character, we need not say more than that his impersonation on Monday evening fully equalled any of his previous efforts. Miss Bowring again played.r. : the Queen admirably, and was greatly ap- ' plauded. The piece went smoothly,and was a. groat success. At the fall of the curtain Mr* Fairclough reoeived quite an ovation. To night he will impersonate Iago, Misa Bowring taking the part of Emilia. 