SPECIALITIES. THE connection between mind and matter has never yet been properly explained. We do not yet understand how the ghosts of old parties who take occasional exercise in corridors, graveyards, and other suitable promenades manage to satisfy their sense of decency. We can comprehend that they are .the souls of individuals who have | passed away, but how about their ghostly peri- I wigs, brocaded gowns, frills, and so forth. We ', cannot yield much faith to any but naked j ghosts. We will allow them shoes, but nothing { else ;we believe in the sole of a shoe. We are I not totally sceptical, however, we admit the existence of the spirit of the age. We have seen it embodied—in a leading article. We have however allowed ourselves to be carried away from our subject, carried away by the ghosts in fact, like a tort of literary Gabriel Grub. It was not to discourse of goblins we proposed. We sing a hat! An unfortunate man of our acquaintance having entered upon dangerous course**—we may as well out with it, he, poor fellow, became an editor—received a visit from his clergyman. The object of the reverend gentleman was to save hw soul and get a reduction in a little account. Having succeeded in the latter object, he departed well satisfied, taking the convert's new hat, and leaving in its place a somewhat worn, but wonderfully pious article. When that editor shortly afterwards went out, after the manner of ms species, to knock down the unhoped-for cheque he had got for half the reverend man's debt, he put on the saintly hat without noticing the difference. And now comes the curious part which sug gested the reflections we started with. The occult properties stored in that hat during its service with its proper owner began at once to influence its new wearer's mind. The day was beautiful, the sun shone brightly, a pleasant breeze cooled the air, things generally were running straight, and from that man's heart a sort of thanksgiving began to rise up as usual; but the influence of the hat quickly supervened, and a sense of the indecency and " infidelity " of that kind of devotion fell upon him, and it occurred to him that the correct thing would be to put a lot of larky young boys into nightgowns, and make them sing a service instead. By and by it occurred to him that he. had intended to send poor Mrs. Boosey some money in an envelope, addressed by another hand, and he turned back to do it; but the hat fetched him up quickly, and sent him across the way to represent the matter to an acquaintance, from whom he managed to tease a cheque; and he went off to that widow and read tracts at her for half-an-hour, and gave her the cheque, and stuck to his own coin. Meanwhile that parson was being led an awful life by the edito rial hat. He was passing one of the wickedest corners in town with a pious shudder, and just going to pass by on the other Bide, when the wicked and latitudinarian idea worked into his head at the point where the lining stuck to it, that it vat somebody's business to have a try to benefit these people after all, and most probably a par son's business. He disgraced himself for ever by going into one of the worst dens anywhere about and talking in a perfectly unaffected way to bad characters, just as if he had forgot that he was such a ve^y good man himself, and gradually getting them interested, and delivering a homily which smelt fearfully like a leading article and had a heap of perfectly profane common Bense in it, and made two extremely bad young per sons get red and white, and think of their mothers, and say that they would "have a try to be square," and use other vulgar expressions. He was seen there ! His congregation got wind of it, and twenty-seven mothers of families decided to attend another place of worship, and only relented when they karat that there wasn't a seat vacant where their bonnets could be seen by a souL Rather a difficult point in connection with Good Templars has cropped np in Clermont A public-house took fire, and the Miner says that a great many teetotallers stood about enjoying the spectacle, while their band, with a temperance imitation of Nero fiddling at the burning of Rome, calmly continued to play in the vicinity. The Miner says it doesn't want to state anything derogatory to temperance societies, only such fellows are a disgrace to the town, and the soener they leave it the better. That is a very effective " only." This thing wants a little clearing vp # It would be well if the views of temperance men were arrived at. There is a principle involved, of course. Public-houses are to be allowed to burn because they encourage drinking habits. But then there is the question of degree. Every body knows that your moderate drinker is the real bite uoir of Good Templars. It is he and hia glass of sherry that begins the mischief. Now, what is he to expect from Good Templars if his house catch fire. He has a quarter-cask of liquid damnation in the way of old brown sherry, and some bottled destruction commonly called pale-ale in his premises. Is it, therefore, incumbent upon any temperance mem ber of the fire brigade to refuse to assist in ex tinguishing his dwelling ? Is it not invariably the duty of a Good Templar to throw cold water on everything connected with strong drink ? Do you wish to belong to a clan ? Do you with to have a chief of your own, or to be a chief? Hie way is open to any ambitious Scotchman, to any one, in fact, who has a drop of Scotch blood in his reins. If you feel moved to take upon yourself so high a calling, write at once to Mr. John A. Wharrie, at the Savings Bank, Sydney; or, if you prefer to go to the foun tain head at once, write to, or visit, the Honor able John Frazer de Berry, of Beaufort Castle> Chambly River, in the Dominion of Canada. The Honorable de Berry is head or chief of the Frozen of that ilk, and that Ok is by no means of Beaufort Castle, Inverness-shire, but of Chambly River, in the Dominion of Canada. The Frazers—pronounced Frasher—first founded their " clan" in 1868. In the short time which has elapsed since then they have added to it 16,500 souk, all of them more or less Frazers, some being full-blooded Frazers, others Frazers by adoption, and others Frazers by grace, but all of them '• clansmen" in the true sense of the ward, and destined to enter into the full possession of- all the benefits arising out of clanship. Go where they may, in any part of the Dominion, there Frazers will be found to help and succour one another. We have all heard of the Cameron clan, and we all remember the martial strains of their pibrochs as they came "sounding, sounding, deep over mountain and glen." They were once upon a time a for midable body, and when they followed their chief to the war—that chief being an accom plished gentleman and statesman like Lochiel— they always gave a good account of themselves. But where will the Camerons be in another cen tury, if the Frazers go on increasing at this rate ? The Frazere have had their census. They com menced their new career as a clan in IS6B, with a round dozen or bo of true blue, full-blooded Frashers — and now what are they? They number 1(5,500 broadswords ! This procreation of Frazers is something truly portentous, and betokens a new era in civilisation. What will Mr. Darwin say to it all ? The whole theory of the descent of man may finally culminate in a descent of Frazers. The phenomenon should be carefully watched—the struggle for existence which has resulted in the creation of 16,500 Frazera in the short space of six years must have betokened some tremendously active agency ; and the original impetus which has set in motion this unheard-of force is extending rapidly ! We hear of it in Sydney. By some occult process known and understood only by a few en lightened men like Mr. Wharrie and the Honble. Frazer de Berry, we learn that the clan or family of Frazer is about to increase and multiply in all parts of the earth to such an extent that they will soon supersede all other clans, and ultimately they will probably resolve themselves into a race having a distinct generic difference from any clan or aggregation of clans at present known or recognised. It is a fortunate thing for the future prospects of mankind that the Frazers, in modern times, are known to be a shrewd, hard-headed set of fellows who are chiefly given to improving their circumstances by means of ploughshares and reaping-hooks, though of course they keep beside them, carefully laid up for use if necessary, "the old Scottish broad sword," jrhich ia still capable of dividing asunder and entering into the marrow cf almost anything. If H had been otherwise, the advent of the Frazers might have been alarming. They have never certainly contributed anything super eminently remarkable to the world of science or literature, though there were many Frazers who lived good lives in the WigJilgmfo, and who died good deaths in the Peninsular, in India, and elsewhere. Simon, Lord Lovat, was probably the best known Frazer who ever lived, and in cotemporary times there is a Rev. Frazer in London who is something more th*" a passable Presbyterian divine. Still, taking the Frazers as a gent, they have only been fair to good in the past. But do not let us be deceived on that account. Their time is coming. They will cut out the Campbells. They are rapidly ripening for a transoendant future. Sixteen thousand five hundred Frazers springing into existence with kilt and philibeg to match, and all this in Canada alone, and in six years,—the prodigy is a most amazing one ! There has been nothing like it since the goddess Minerva sprang, clothed in armour, from the head of Jove. It is always disagreeable to have too much of a good thing. One can even be " shouted " for once too often. Two enterprising gentlemen in Rockhampton had an experience that way recently. Their names were respectively Solo mon (a lineal descendant from the late royal family of Palestine, but kept out of his heredi tary rights by usurpers), and Macdonald, a party with good Highland blood, mostly in his veins. These two distinguished individuals attracted the favorable notice of a nouveau rlche, a Palmer digger, who, like most men of money, burned for good society. Prince Solomon and the Mac donald humored his desires, and amiably con* descended to amuse him with the humble delights of poker, euchre, three-up, and other innocent diversions. But the digger awoke gradually to a sense of his unworthiness for their society. He saw and respected the wisdom of Solomon, which took the form of never losing, and trusting nothing to chance which could be ensured by a little dexterity, while the ancient blood of the Mac donald asserted itself in the direction of black mail. Our digger, not having a taste for* the antique, endeavored, too late, to put an end to his presumptuous association with gentlemen of such winning manners. With a high-bred courtesy, they insisted on seeing him home and making things as easy for him as possible. With this view, they had not proceeded far when one of them embraced him with much energy, and the other commenced to ease him of his gold. Fearing he would soon be without the means of dispensing hospitality, the digger, much im pressed by these attentions, took the oppor tunity of shouting all round. His raptures attracted attention, and his distinguished friends are likely to be the guests of Her Majesty Victoria, by the grace of God, for some time to come. The establishment of protective duties in Victoria has established native industry. But such establishment has not been without its drawbacks. . The factories which, under the pro* tective riyimt, sprung up all over the'land, are discovered to be pernicious to health and morals. A Major Smith—a member of the Victorian Legislature, who seems to hunt popularity more assiduously than his neighbors—contrived not long since to get passed a Factory Act, for the compelling of proper regulations for labor and ventilation. In compliance with one of the provisions of this statute, a party of members of Parliament made a tour of inspection among the industrial mansions which their policy had founded. They were accompanied by Dr. Girdlestone, the health officer of the city, and seem to have contrived to get themselves very properly astonish*!. "Not more than one fourth of the factories," reports the local paper, " comply with the requirements of the Act." The ardent tradesmen whom a protective tariff had nourished into opulence, were haughtily disregardful of the comforts of their work people. The rooms were found to be much over-crowded. In one case fifty people were crammed into a place in which only twenty eight were by the Act permitted to work. The places were badly ventilated, and the " accom modation for purposes of decency either totally inadequate or absolutely disgraceful" Nor was the element of infantile misery altogether want ing. We learn that in one factory " a number of little girls were engaged apparently not more than .nine or ten yean old," and it was evident from the appearance of some of them "that the work was injuring, their health." It is not improbable that philanthropy has made the most of the visit of Major Smith. The wrongs of the down-trodden operative is a tempting subject for any but a very hardened reporter. But there nevertheless remains the patent fact that with the growth of Melbourne as a manufac turing town—the which she was never intended to be—will grow the hideous monster which has swallowedso many livesin England. Our kinsmen in the south would insist upon forcing the energy of their population into the workshop and the sweater's room. They now begin to feel the evil effects of their haste and folly. The Victorian working man seems pretty well able to take care of himself, and we have small pity for him. The employment of children, however, is another matter ; and it would be melancholy indeed if the colonists of Melbourne repeated in their new city the horrible follies which have disgraced the old land they have left If any circumstance will induce so deplorable a state of things, Pro* tection would seem to be that circumstance. 