DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. (Cable despatclh o America.) St. Petersburgh, January 23. The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired; the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and dia monds. The men were in uniform, with the excep. tion of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Ohamberlains, aend other olcears of the Court leading; then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince ond Princess of Wales, the Princesses Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an im mense procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and peerl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession, uppon reaching the ERuessian Church, was received by the iietropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, nssuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around thebridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar tempo. rarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnifiecent chapel was illuminated with innumerable was candles; the floor was covered with a velvet crimson and cold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music: Chante and intoned prayers were crien during the service. The croons were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair-Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said: " Thou servant of God. Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this hand-maiden of God, Maria Alexandres, in the name of the Father, the Sen, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesiane, 6th chapter, 20th and 28rd verses, were read. After the reo ding was concluded the marriage at (ana of Gal lile was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought for ward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterward the choir sang "Glory to Thee, O Lord !i concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The proces-ion then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander foi the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, oliciated. The walls were deco rated with battle pIictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solmnization of tile Greek Church service wore a Proetetant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity lint and gown, and who now appeared on the alter wearing an Episeopal surplici with a jewelled collar of the Order of the Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jeenet, the American Minister, Lord Loftus. the English Minister, and diplomatic oniirials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was tile venerabile Prince Gortsebakof, sur rounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lade, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked be hind. The beautiful Arglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost-bless, preserve, and keep you," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married couple. Several Roman Catholic dig nitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy-the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, end both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed over come, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, and tile general scene was one of splendid festivity. The ser vice formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the palsee, and subse quently a ball at the gorgeous ball. At the close of the ball tile bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and odfficers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple,.the Emperor being present. 