THE STORY-TELLER. HOW THE "LONE STAR" WENT DOWN. By Mrs. May Agnes Fleming. (From the London Journal.) The picture hung over the fireplace, and had a fascination for me for which I could never account. It wasn't by any means a work of art. Bertie Carrington, late major of Her Majesty's —th, had painted it with his own hand, and Bertie at best was only a second-rate amateur. It wasn't, then, its artistic merits, you per ceive, and yet I never entered Carring ton's rooms without drawing my chair in front of that crude production in oil, and staring at it through the smoke of my meerschaum by the hour together. The picture was this:— A wide, sunlit sea, lying like gilded glass beneath a sky of cloudless ultrama rine. A huge, black ship grounded on a reef, so filled and sunken that the oily, slippery waves were just softly gliding over the decks. Around the doomed ves sel dozens of dark objects moved, stealthily waiting. Sharks! On the deck a long file of men, drawn up as if on parade, in the shadow. And out where the brilliant light of the sun fell fullest, a man and woman together. It was the face of the woman, I think, that had the fascination forme. The face of a girl in. her first youtli, and beautiful beyond the ordinary beauty of girlhood or else idealised by the artist. Her loose hair blew back in the gale. Her face lay on the man's shoulder, uplifted to the sky, and on that face lay an unearthly expression of joy and peace, such as no words of mine can describe. Death was at her side, but love had robbed death of itB sting. That was what that radiant, transfigured gaze said to you. One arm of the man held her close, the other lay on the ship's side, his head bowed thereon. That was the picture. " I like pictures that tell a story," I said, the first time I saw it, to Garrington. " This one does. It's the best thing you've j done yet, old man." And Garrington, usually the freest and most genial of good fellows, had turned away, his face changing and darkening so suddenly that I saw at once I was on for bidden ground. The picture had a story, then—a pain ful one to him, and though I took my station before it every time I visited him, I never tried praise or criticism more. But one Christmas Eve, as we sat alone together, the tragic story at my earnest entreaty was told. It was a wild and snowy December evening, I remember, a high gale ahead, and black London lying all white and frozen under the Christmas stars, as I made my way to Carrington's house. I found him alone, as I expected to find him; his Livonian wolfhound curled at his feet, lying back in an easy chair, before a huge fire, smoking, and gazing, as he was wont to do, at his picture over the man telshelf. In the strong red light of the fire, the beautiful face of the girl shone out weirdly lifelike from the canvas. " Admiring your own handiwork, Ber tie, my boy ?" I said, as I flung myself into the opposite chair, and fell to gazing too. "Not exactly," Carrington answered, gruffly. " I've never done anything in the paint-brush line worth admiring that I know of. Whatever merit that may have—and I suppose it has some, or you wouldn't stare at it as you do—is owing to its truth. Hamilton, I tell you I often wake at night and seejhat girl's facsije^ •■fore me, with just that expression, as I saw it last, poor child, before it went down for ever!" "I should like to hear the story, Car rington, if you don't mind," said I, while the red flames leaped and glowed, lighting up the lovely pictured face. "It is twenty years ago," said Car rington. " It seems only yesterday as I sit here and think of it. Twenty years ago, and before your time, youngster, the Lone Star, a transport vessel, employed to take out detachments to various regi ments in India, with the wives and chil dren, sailed from Southampton. I was an ensign at the time, my commission as new as my uniform, my zeal as burning as the fiery climate to which we were or dered. Our commanding officer was Co lonel Beresford, his second in command Captain Hawley, one of the bravest and best-looking fellows in the service, of good family, but without a rap in the world except his pay, and not a single shadow of expectations. He was the best of good fellows in every way, ready to tell you a capital story, a good joke, or troll you off a song in his rich tenor, and before we were out a week the pet of all the wo men on board. There were some hun dreds of 'em and heaps of children. Hawley was a favourite with the little 'uns in the steerage, as well as the ladies in the cabin—prime favourite, in short, with officers, men, and all; and so, when pretty Miss Rainsbrooke took it into her bewitching head to fall in love with him almost at sight, nobody was the least in the world surprised. Only, it wouldn't do, and so Hawley knew as well as any of us. " She was, I think, Hamilton, without exception, the prettiest girl I ever saw, and I've seen some pretty girls in my forty odd years of life, mind you. She was exceptionally pretty, in fact. No, you needn't look at that daub ; it does her no sort of justice. She had your real golden hair—none of the copper- coloured stuff they pile mountainously on their heads now—eyes sapphire blue to their very depths, laughing and lovely, a com plexion of pearl, and a mouth the sweetest that ever was kissed. She was tall and graceful, accomplished beyond all telling, and just nineteen. The previous season she had ' come out,' been presented, ran j the round of "Vanity Fair, and the best men of the day had been at her feet as | suitors; but she had laughed back 4 No' to one and all, eome out of the ordeal un scathed, and now, under the protecting j wing of Mrs. Colonel Beresford, was going out to join her 4 dear papa' in India. I " Dear papa was General Rainsbrooke, K.C.B., next beir to an earldom, and with the pride of Lucifer incarnate. The man who won the fair Alexia, with her birth and her beauty, and her dowry, must write his name high in the peerage indeed. Royalty itself would not have been one whit too high for Miss Alexia Rainsbrooke in the eyes of the sternest, haughtiest martinet of the service. And with Frank Hawley she had fallen in love, as I say, almost at sight, and he with her. " And it was love, Hamilton—none of your modern, silver-gilt shams, but the pure gold. They loved each other, and if ever two were made for each other they j were—that was the unanimous verdict on | board. j " 4 But it won't do, Hawley, my lad,' said Colonel Beresford, soft-hearted him self as a woman. 4 You don't know old Rainsbrooke—I do. He'd see ber dead, first. And you're too fine a fellow to bare your life spoiled by any woman, were sbe Venus herself. Alexia's an an gel, but angels with flinty feathers don t marry young men whose fortune lies in their sword blade. She's an angel, but she's not for you, so give it up before it s too late.' ,. ... " Frank Hawley looked at lum with a Sm« tToo iate,' he said. ' It's that now, colonel. Come what may, I shall love Alexia to the last day of my life, and she will love me. All the fathers in the world cannot alter that. My wife she can never be that I know 5 but she does love me, and come what will I have been truly blessed.' " She knew it, too—knew that the end of the voyage would be the end of her life's romance—and yet in the present they could still be happy. If he had asked her, she would have promised to brave aU things, and go with Mm to beggary, but it would have been easier for Mm to have died than have asked it. " The weeks went by, and our voyage was drawing to an end, the pretty ocean idyl to its close, and of late the lovely face of Alexia Rainsbrooke had saddened and 1 grown pale. The lifelong parting was I near. She was realising its bitterness al ready. " I was awakened one morning just as day was breaking by an odd crashing sound beneath, then aU at once motion ceased, and the sMp stood still. Immediately there followed wild uproar and tumult, shrieks of women, and shouts of men. I sprang up, dressed, rushed on deck, and in one minute knew what had happened. We had got out of our latitude, and had struck. " The sun rose as I stood there the sun of Christmas Day—and showed us our danger fully. We were near Simoon Bay, and far off in the horizon the land line was visible, but we might as well have been a thousand miles off, for already the ; ship was tilling and sinking fast. Before noon of this gallant Christmas morning, , the Lone Star would be at the bottom. | " Out of the confusion order came at | last. The soldiers were drawn up on deck by Colonel Beresford, standing firmly as if on parade, the boats were lowered and manned, the women and children put in, ; and Bent safely to the land. I see it all— the brilliant tropic sun in the cloudless ; morning sky, the soft breeze blowing, the j sea a sea of glass, the long line of men : standing firmly erect awaiting their doom, the sobbing, heart-breaking cries of the I wives who would never see their husbands more, the ship sinking, sinking inch by inch, and the black devils of sharks swim ming slowly round and round, knowing in some horrible way what had happened, and waiting for their prey. Brave men, I tell you, lad, stood on that deck, but the bravest there flinched as they looked at their deadly maws. Before night the I women and children would safely reach the land—before noon the Lone Star would go down. " Captain Hawley was one of the men who helped the women into the boats. As Mrs. Beresford descended he asked after Miss Rainsbrooke. Only once since the accident had he caught sight of her. But the colonel's wife, terrified and hys terical, knew nothing. " Alexia was in one of the other boats —she couldn't tell which. She had come and wished her good bye. And then, in coherent and wild, Mrs. Beresfprd W2S12 her place. He could nfit. 'leave his post. No doul^ §Ja®*sws∈ one of the other "bSaJs^only she might have come to say good bye. A deeper sadness than any sadness death could produce lay on his face. To part like this for ever—without a word! " Then the order was given, ana the boats pushed off. One long, last wailing cry of farewell from the widowed wives, and we stood to wait for death on the deck of the Lone Star. " Frank Hawley. stood with set lips a little apart, gazing after the boats, grow ing mere specks now on the sunny sea, when a low and inexpressible cry from every man on board, simultaneously, made Mm turn round. And up from the cabin, and gliding forward, a smile on her face, came the general's daughter, straight into the arms of Hawley. "' Did you think I had gone, Frank V she asked, with that smile. 'Did you think I had left you V " He gazed at her—we all did—in hor ror. " ' Great heaven, Alexia ! You here V " It was all he could say. " She put her arms around Ms neck, laid her golden head on his shoulder, and looked up in his agonised face. j " ' With you, Frank—never to part i more now. I am not afraid to die like | this. It is so much easier than to say good bye for ever ; and to-morrow it must have been. Now it need never be, and ; death is more merciful than life.' " He sank down, and drew her to him, as you see him there, his face bowed, with out a word. The loving, wistful eyes sought his. '"Frank, love, you are not angry? Dear, believe me, it is the happiest Christ mas of my life.' " Only she heard his answer, as he held her close ; but her face took that trans figured look of love and joy, and kept it to the end. I " The slow, sunlit hours wore on. 1 Without word or motion we stood there, our colonel at our head, faster and faster our fated sliip sinking beneath us. Still slowly round and round the black fiendish sharks swam. Oh, heaven ! what a death for her! " She did not fear it! " I stood watching her—I could watch ' nothing else—all thought of my own fate lost in unutterable pity for her. As the ship gave its last tremendous heave and death-throe—as the cold, glassy waters came running over the deck, I saw him clasp her in an embrace that death itself might not sever—saw her bury her face in his bosom, then we were all in the tumultuous ocean together, and I saw no more. " Ten men from the Lone Star reached the shore and were saved. I was one. Clinging to a portion of the wreck, how I never knew, I reached it. For yards around the blue water was crimson with blood, and the frenzied shrieks of our poor fellows, as the savage jaws of the sharks closed upon them, ring in my ears yet. " Her face has haunted me all those years like a ghost. To exorcise it I painted that picture. And every Christ mas there comes back to me that Christ mas, and the angelic face of Alexia Rainsbrooke, as she went down in her lover's arms on the deck of the Lone -Star." 