THE STORY-TELLER LOVE OR GOLD. (From, Bow Bells.) Up and down the garden path, with the soft, summer air fanning her cheek, and cooling her brow, walked Augusta Byrne, thinking, thinking, thinking. Neither beautiful, nor at first glance unusually attractive, there was that about her which, when one came to know her well, and like her at all, drew like a magnet. In William Seymour's heart she had roused such a storm of love, that it seemed to him, if he lost her, that he had lost everything of value in the whole world. It was not likely that she was ignorant of the spell she had thrown about this proud man—proud, though nothing but a plain gentleman farmer—and she was not. Her secret heart trembled under his eye; she hardly dared meet the look she saw there, lest her soul might, unconsciously, make such answer as her will would never sanction. She knew well enough that what he felt for her was what her heart demanded, demanded with hungry cries which would not be stifled; but though she felt the gnawing, she gave no heed, but went on straight towards the gold and jewels which Arthur Monmouth would be only too glad to have her accept. His wife had lain in her grave for six quiet summers, and he wanted another mistress for his home. Augusta could see the slender column which marked her resting-place even now as she walked, and she looked at it thoughtfully several times. She remembered well when they were married—she was quite young then—and she remembered of hearing, soon after, that her husband was more given to his own pleasures than the thought of his wife's happiness. But there was the gold ! It was the truth, disagreeable as such truth might be, that she wanted what that gold could bring. She was free to acknowledge this, though at the same time some awful terror seemed to shake her heart like an aspen, as if she were throwing away what she might, by-and-by, be ready to give worlds to hold again. Love, true love, is sweet to a woman's heart; but if once that other love, which is the root of all evil, enters in, woe to that woman's life 1 She had come out, quite away from everybody this afternoon, to think over some of these questions about herself, though she had decided long before what should turn the balance in all her deci sions. Suddenly she heard quick steps behind her, and the blood, which would not keep in its proper place, flew into her cheeks as William Seymour came up be side her. " You seem to be in haste," she said, looking at him a moment, as he dropped into her pace. Her face was far enough from smiling, and she saw at once that something had happened. "We have just had news that Aunt Itoxby is dead, and her two children are left destitute and alone. X must start in the morning for Scotland." The blood which had mantled Augusta's face dropped out of it quietly enough now. Indeed, she looked white and frightened. Scotland, you see, was fur ther off in those days than it is now. Her lover saw the change in her manner, and took courage. , " I would not go without speaking to you," he said, swiftly. " You must know, Augusta, how well I love you. I am not rich ; but—I love yrm—and T nmnf y«M-t Tor my wife." ) It was all out in these few words, and I Bhe knew that his eyes were upon her, and I would not fail to read what it was useless I for her to try to conceal. 1 The next moment was an awful one i her. The truth seemed to spring lil lightning from her heart to her lips, d< man ding utterance; she would ha? spoken it, perhaps, but just as her mout was opening, she caught a glimpse of th Monmouth carriage in the distance; sh remembered with a quick gasp the gol she might have forfeited with a singl word, and so, instead, said, with th slightest quiver m her voice, "Yes, knew that you loved me. I thank yoi but I cannot be your wife." ' You cannot ? Oh, Augusta !" Something in his tone smote her like blow. ' J- cannot," she said, desperated striving m vain to regain her usual cob rinanrn postire. ^'You are false to your own heai then, he said, half fiercely. " You ca not keep the truth from me W1 is it ?" , ky ? She would rather have di than to have told him. Her conscien was not quite dead, and her real reaao were too humiliating to be spoken to ai , " Y Don't dare to ask me." The eagernesB vanished from her love face at once. He knew that he had; his answer. "You would not mind if I touch your lips once," he said, with sad co: poBhre. It is as if you were dead \- me, if you.will not be my wife." He bent over her; she threw her an about her neck, and for one Bingle n ment was true to her own heart. Th he was hurrying off, and she was beg ning to feel a little of that pleasure whi gold can bring to its followers! Two months later, when William Se monr. returned, Augusta was making pi parations for her marriage with Mr. A thur Monmouth. He was not slow in hearing the neu and he now understood well thereaso for Jus rejection. If itcoald have chana his love into indifference, it might ha helpedIhua ; but unfortunately it had i such effect upon him. The first time] out with her i K ,He m ^ot hesitate look full into her face as she passed, ar 2 " eMinS a 85 h herself for his accurst gold, he said to himself. " There is i hope for me now, certainly." If he had not shut his "teeth tojrethi quickly he might have groaned, for he di love her, and—he had lost her. That night Augusta sat long before tl fire in her own room; but look which wa she might, she could see nothing but Wi liam Seymour's face. " Must I always be haunted like that 1 she said, at last, half aloud. "I wi not marry him—how could I now ?—bi M*,** ^e whole bittt truth ; and she burst into a flood < tears. Then she went on again. "I a fool! How can he love me as he d< There are a hundred better women th who would be glad aud proud to b< wife. Why don't he take one of then himself, and let me go my own wa peace ?" She had, perhaps, forgotten that he had neither sought her nor spoken with her since his rejection. " I -wish " but she cut her last sen tence short with an impatient shrug, and rising, tried to drive the ghosts which haunted her from her mind by busying herself about the room; but at her prayers afterwards all sbe could murmur to herself was, " God be merciful to me, a miserable sinner !" Several weeks went by, but she did not see William Seymour again. She won dered if he really did avoid her, while she was trying on and arranging her wed ding finery; and she wondered not a lit tle, too, if her affianced husband knew of this rival suitor for her hand. It was scarcely probable that he did, and she would never tell him, certainly, though there was little fear of his being jealous of such a suitor. After tea one evening, as she was sit ting idly at the window, toying with a costly emerald bracelet which Mr. Mon mouth had given her, a little boy came running down the road, and pulling open the gate, hurriedly dashed up to her, and gave her a note. This is what it said— "My son William fell this afternoon from a great height, and is near his death. He asks constantly for you, and though he is delirious, I wish you would come. "A. Setmoub." Augusta remembered to snatch the bracelet from her arm, as she hastily put on her walking attire. Death ! she had never once thought of that, either for him or her, and she knew they both had to meet it too. This was awful—rawful! She went in before the stricken man with a face as colourless as his own ; she sat down beBide him; sbe called him by every tender name, but it was all in vain. He did not know her, though " Augusta, Augusta !" was constantly upon his lips sometimes in reproach, sometimes in de spair, but alwayB as if that name were dear as life to him, as indeed it was. It was a sorry, Bony house to be in ; and in Augusta it was worse than sorry. No words can tell what passed in that woman's soul while she knelt by her re jected lover's bed, and prayed that he might come back to consciousness if even for but one brief moment, that sbe might j say to him words which a repentant life time could not atone for, if he died and they were unspoken. Late in the night, while they were watching around him, he smiled into Augusta's face, and she saw that he knew her. " I am here; we are allhere," she said, not daring to say more. " Tou will stay ?" he asked. "Yes." She had fast hold of his hand, and the tears were raining down her face. " Mother, she will stay," he said, con tentedly, and sank off into a long sleep. . "VThen he woke, he was fully conscious, and asked to see the physician. " How long can I live, doctor ?" he asked, when he came. i Augusta almost crushed his hand in hers at the question, and her face was ghastly. " The truth I want," he said, as the doctor hesitated. " I am afraid not more than twenty four hours." " All of you go away, then, but his mo ther," Augusta said. " I must speak to him." When the door was shut upon them she told him the truth in few words. " I have loved you from the first. Can you forgive me V' " x knew It, tun H was Ills "goIcrtEat tempted you. You have not been very happy?" " Happy ! I have suffered torments since I promised to be his wife." "But you are promised, after all," he murmured, sadly, " Yes, but I will not be in one half hour, if Heaven will let me live so ■ long." She kissed his lips, and saying she would be back soon, and not leave him ; again, she hurried out. What passed between her and Mr. Ar thur Monmouth nobody ever knew; but sbe went back to the sick man's side, freed from the bonds which had grown hateful to her, and freed for ever from | avaricious love of gold. William Seymour did not die, I am glad to say. He lived to see the woman he loved his happy wife ; and she may well be thankful, as sbe is, that Heaven did not leave her to walk in the way which her own evil inclinations pointed out. 