THE FABRICATION OF ANTIQUES.' Apparontly the most thriving branch ol manufacture in tho East is tho production of pretended rolics of the past— -gems,, coins, statues, ornamonts, arms, written documents^ ovorything thatarclncologists can desire being turned out in quantity to meet the liveliest demand, and so skillfully dono that the ex portcst judges. find it difficult: to ; detect the fraud. Ono of the most successful manufac tories in Constantinople is devoted entirely to tho fabrication of coins' of tho- time -of Con-: stantine and his mother, to be palmed off on collectors and tourists ,by- confederate dealers, who profess, to obtain theni from worlcmcn engaged in pulling down old houses.' ;A Greek monk in Athens drives a busy itrado in spurious Greek coins, their composition regulated by such profound numismatic knowledge that much learning and great technical experience aro required to distin guish them from genuine antiques. Equal adroitness is displayed in getting rid of his productions, which arc never offered for sale in Athens, though.it is known that they are sent bv sbecial emissaries to Constantinople and others of the larger capitals of Europe.1 The most successful agents, however, aro herdsmen and shepherds of the provinces, who find a ready market among tourists and scientific explorers. ? ? ? . Spurious Mahommcdan coins and gems aro manufactured throughout the East, par ticularly in Persia, with surprising skill and boldness. A coppersmith in Shirasi is said to bo ablo to supply anything of the sort — genuine, of course-r-;that tho travelling con noiseur may desire, as much as forty ducats having boon paid him for a silver coin made in his own manufactory to represent one struck for the Khalif- AH. ? Bagdad sends forth gems on which Sassanian busts and Pehlevi inscriptions are reproduced with mas terly skill ; their only drawback is the. fact that the characters, though' .admirably . done, never admit of being reduced ' to legible words, much less to sense. The Byzantine coins made at Constantinople have the same failing. Dr. Mordtmann, who exposes these nefarious practices at length in communica tions to a Gorman paper, asserts — that the great part of a large collection recently pur chased iti the East by 'no less a connoisseur than the Count de Gobinoau, and described ? by him in tho llemie Archaidlogique, consists of modern and spurious stones and- medals. One of the stones bears an inscription of two words in Pehlovi characters, in which modern Persian, modern Greek, and Mahommedan elements arc blended to. form a pretended antique! Others of the stones and tablets are flagrantly evident copies of well known rock can-ings in Asia Minor. Special warning is given against a spurious gem fabricated by Persians, and now offered for sale in Constantinople for the modest sum of 2000 francs. The fraud is botrayed by the inscription, which, though handsomely cut, is only a bit of artistic patchwork. The recent swindling of the Berlin Acadcniy by a Greek forger, and the reported purchase of a lot of well made Bagdad ' antiquities' by the British Museum for 10,000 clols., are proof enough that tho warning is not uncalled (oY.^-rSlcientiJlo Amsvican, Militaky ballooning has become an offi cial hobby with the authorities at. Woolwich Arsenai. An inventor, named' Bowdler pro fessed to have devised steering gear which could be attached to the car of a balloon, and could be depended upon for aerial naviga tion of the most precise character. Mr Coxwell was instructed to place a balloon at tho in ventor's service, and a large number of mili tary men assembled at Woolwich to witness the experiment. Major Beaumont, president of the Army Balloon Committee, ascended in company with Mr Bowdler and a Serjeant .of artillery. The two latter worked the ap paratus, and Mr Coxwell attended to the working of the balloon. A screw of three feet .diameter was set in motion by cranks on either.sido of the car, but thejonly effect was to make the balloon spin round without in the slightest degree altering its course. The apparatuswa'san entire failure, but it is an open question yet if its small sizo did not cause its inefficiency. A French aeronaut is constructing a screSv of 16 feet diameter,, and. that in due time will be tried. Major Beau7 mont continues his ascents and experiments, and they engage a good deal of. public as well as of professional attention. The notion' of perfecting a balloon so that it could bo filled at any momont on a battle-field and sent up to. reconnoitre the enemy's movements has begun to exercise a charm over military men'. Imi-outant Sale of Idols.— An adver tisement has just appeared, in a Japanese paper, announcing a number of idols for salo ; amongst them a fine, bronze figure with six arms, said to have been, manufactured in snemeiu i as it is probable, observes the Rock, that after the passing of the ; Public Worship Bill, a large nember of vestments, images, crucifixes, and divers idolatrous ap pliances will bo thrown upon the London market, a large sale— not unlike -the Japa nese- — may shortly bo expected. The Priest; Hanthalek. — Hanthalor, the priest arrested on suspicion of being an accomplice in the attempted- assassination of Prince Bismarckj haa been liberated, his in nocence having been, fully established. He had been anxious to see tho Prince, ' and on 'the morning of the. attack ho,' remained for several hours near his residence^ asking tho bystanders when he'us'ually left' his quarters. Kullmann accosted him while' thus; occupied, solicited alms, ? which Hanthaler gave him: On the Prince's carriage coining out, the priest endeavoured tq'p'rocurc' a. .good posi tion.; Finding fronv where ho -was standing that nothing could bo seen, he accordingly crossed- over right in front, of thchorscs; ,and his long robo.boing entangled in the. horses' legs, the carriage had to; be stopped, Ahe shot being fired^it that. very, momont. When ar rested an -hour afterwards at the Schweinfurt Railway Station, ho appeared very depressed naturally fearing that his conduct might be seriously misconstrued, but a three days' inquiry has absolved him.; li. H1ILLION OK UOTTON iiALES IN.iilVER rooL. — For some weeks 'there has been a considerable 'amount of speculation in tho Liverpool Cotton Market as to whether tho stock of , cotton in tho port would reach a million bales, and bets havo boon very free upon tho point. A Friday or two ago, when tho stock was made up, it had reached a total of 960,000 bales, when it began to fluctuate each Friday in tho most- uncertain manner, at ono time reaching so high as 998,770 bales, causing great excitement amongst those who had laid bets. Last week, however, the seven figures wero attained, the stock standing at 1,003,900 balcs,; and it is understood that the amount of money which has changed hands in conscquonco has been very considerable, ' Sikqulaii Compensation Case; — John Wright, jrin., of Grecngill, obtained a ver dict for £1500, together with medical ex penses, at .tho Cumberland Assizes on Wed nesday, for injuries he .^recoived at Pcnrith Station, when assisting to ; shunt a truck con taining a heifer consigned to his father. It appeared that a goods traiii started : from tho siding and ran into the truck,, knocking plain tiff down, and causing such 'injuries' to' his leg that it had to be amputated. Execution was, however, stayed in ordor that a point raised on behalf of the defendants may be argued— it was, that the plaintfff, placed himself in pbsition'of n'sc'rvant'of the com pany, and was, therefore, not entitled to re cover, damages. . Puess Carrier Pigeons. — An .ocean homing bird, 'of great docility, intelligence, and spirit, has been found in Iceland, which flies at a meteor- like speed of 150 miles' por hour, and is ablo to find its home, over, soa and . land,: from any part of, tho. habitable world. A pair of these birds, a few days ago, brought- dispatches ' from Paris to a lonely spot, congenial to their nature, in- a wild and rocky part of, Kent, within ten miles of London, in a hour and a quarter. Press, carrier pigeons took tho despatches on to the oitv. tlio whole diRtniina frnm 'Piirie tn London, by actual parcel mode of convoy ancc, being done within an hour and a half ! If the experiment at present being made in training and educating them . continues suc cessful, it is hoped by next Summerto estab lish a daily miniature ocean mail, botween America and Europe, tho whole distance to be travored between sunrise in one -hemis- phere and sunset in the other, Mias Lavinia Goddell, of Janesville, Wis consin, has been admitted to the Bar. Her father, Mr William Goddell, is a well known abolitionist, and is 85 years of age. Mas. Pittendreigh, of Tichborne notoreity, for annoying her landlady by presistently ringing her door bell, has been1 sent :to pri-: son, not being able to pay the fine. Extraordinary Cricketing. — In the matcn wnn Sussex ? on the Hope ground, on Thursday, Surrey made a very fine innings of 344. Jnpp played splendidly, contribut ing 154 to the score. Ho went in first, and only retired to mako room for the last .man, after defying all ;tho Essex. bowling, and was finally given outleg beforo;wieket. His score shows one 6, four 5's, eight 4's, ? eleven 3's, and seven 2's. . Messrs Game and Freeman also displayed excellent cricket, the latter for a long period ably seconding Jupp's play, and carrying out his bat. ? Marital Rights. — What are the loiral .rights possessed by heads of families ? Some misunderstanding appears to exist in the public mind on this point, if it is allowable to judge. from a case which' lately canio before the Wandsworth Police Court. A man named Hodges, who,- being an engineer,' ne cessarily possesses a certain amount of edu cation, thought fit; in. playful exuberance ; of spirits, to chastise his wife in a very effectivo manner because she ventured to address another woman against his order to the con trary. Having cut her nose in three '? places with his fist, ho concluded this display of manliness by a summary kicking. Being placed upon his defence, Hodges urged in extenua tion the existonee of a long- standing feud between himself and his wife, which, in his opinion, seemingly, could only bo fittingly terminated by assault and battery. In addi tion to this forcible plea, he stated that . he was not in the habit of ill-treating nuiwitli. out provocation. But the eloquent perora tion of his defence raised another issue- of a novel character. « What was the use of a niau being the head of a family,' asked HodgQ, with indignation, ' unless he had control of his wife.' This forcible plea hail its- effect. The magistrate certainly laid it down that in this country a woman was not to bo treated like a man's slave— a doctrine which must lu-.ve appeared rank heresy to tho defendant. But in the end that stern dis ciplinrian was let off with finding two sureties in £10 each to behave himself for sixmonths in a manner more in accordance with public opinion. At first sight this sontence ap pears rather, lenient ? but those who remem ber a case that occurred a few. weeks ago will at once acknowledge its discriminating justice.- ' On that occasion :a groom was sent to prison for a month with hard labor, with out the benefit of a fine,' for ?? over-spurring a ?vicious horse. From this it clearly shows, that in the eye of the law maltreatment of a horse is an infinitely graver offence than bru taiity to a wile, aiie puDUc will gladly wel come these decisions, as settling once for all the limits' to which the respective rights of British husbands and British grooms extend. The Ven'dome Column, it would seem, was not erected in strict accordance with the ori ginal idea of Napoleon the First. Looking ?back to the first decree of its erection,1 dated October^ 1, 1803, and signod by, the first Consul, wo find that the column was to be similar to that of Trajan, at Rome, was to bo ornamented with 108 bronze figures re presenting the'departriients of the Republic, and surmounted by'd pedestal .adorned with olive wreaths, and topped with a statue of Charlemagne, the First Consul' thus intend ing to glorify the old French monarchy in its most illustrious represeiitaiive. It was not until after the victorios of 1805, that the style of the column was ^changed. It was then cast from 1,200 cannons taken from the eiiemy, and conscrated to the 'Gran'do Armeo.^' : ; .'. I . - ' . '??'???'. , . Taunton- Castle has been bought by the Somersetshire,' Archajqlpgical' and Natural History Socioty, to be used' as a museum, nurary,. ami nan ot meeting. . The castle dates from the eighth century, and was built in the reign of King Inc. ?? .:. ?'.'.'.'.'? ? A Trial.— It was Tiotuntil.aBridgewater woman read the recipo in half a dozen differ ent papers, that sho concluded to give 'it n trial. ' Wo rofor to that : recip'e which says thaf'^ii tablespoonful of sawdust placed in each boot will keep the feet both dry : ami warm.' The husband of this Bridgowater woman was always complaining about cold feet,, and so the other morning shb pourod two tablespoonfuls of sawdust into his boots ? Tho resiiltrather surprised her. Ho slipped on his boots, ate his breakfast, and started for his place of business. He had not gone twenty-five yards from the house before he rotraced his steps, and commenced to orate on profane history. As soon as he got into the diningroom, he assisted one boot off with the too of the othor/.and kicked it against a five-pound mirror, whilo its mate struck his seven-year old sou on the head, and inado him yell'' lustily. His wife, seeing that somothing- ailed her husband, asked,^ ' What tho matter, dear. !' He said something that sounded like1 'Jam it!' gathered up his' boots, and after emptying out the sawdust, replaced them on his feet, and shot out. of the house with his foot warm clear tp the roots of tho hair of liis head. His ''wife;., thinks maybe she used, tho wrong kind.' of sawdust! ,^'j ;?' '? '' ? .''. ' '' ! ? , ' : ? ' . A Sar ataoo belle, wlio six months ago was. so languid that.' sho could' scarcely support herself at the altar, now throws a flat-iron fifty-live feet, anil hits her husband qv.ery time. .,..-'''' '???-?????? ??;??;? ?-? , EiuauAM. — This following lines, which re cently appeared in an English paper, embody one of the best puns to which the Ashantee dispute gavo rise :? — ? ' . ' Cbomassio was to «shcs burnt, King Coffee forced to flee, : '-i. ? And only Ash. an' Coffee left ?' '?. Of what was Ash-an-tee,' - ' ! Bleachino Ivory and Bones.— The curatora of tho Anatomical Museum of tho Jardin des Plantes in Paris have found that spirits of turpentind is very efficacious in re moving the disagreeable odor aiid fatty ema nations of bones or ivory, while it leaves them beautifully bleached. ? The -articles should be exposed in the fluid for three or four days iti the sun, or a littlo longer if in the shade. They should rost upon strips of zinc, so as to bo a fraction of an. inch above the bottom of the glass vessel employed. The turpcutiue acts as an oxidizing agent, and the product of the combustion is an acid ? liquor which sinks to the bottom, and strongly attacks the bones if they be allowed to touch it. The action of the turpentine is not confined to bones arid ivory, but extends to wood of various varieties, especially beech, maple, elm, and cork. Softknino Violin Notes. — Mi Labordo states, in Les Mohdes, that the disagreeable rasping tone peculiar to some violins inay bo avoided by placing a small strip of wax on the upper portion of the bridge. The note's are immediately rendered sweet and soft, aud can be suited to the car by regulating tho sizcrpf the piece of wax. A Chicago widower is so afraid of his wife's ghost appearing unto him, thathe sleeps with a pistol under his pillow. 