WIT AND HUMOUR. CURRENT literature should be full of smart sayings. THE law is not cheap, although it is always had at cost. ANTONIO found Shylock to be a man after his own heart. WHAT things increase the more they are contracted Debts. WHY is a chicken like a farmer Be- cause both delight in a full crop. TO WOULD-BE PORTS. Lame verses should always be bound in limp cloth. HOUSTON-, Texas, is proud of the circumstance that its major and most of its aldermen can "nearly read and, write. American paper. JAMES SMITH, the humourist, was once asked, ' which are the best guns, Egg"s or Manton's? He replied, 'Eggs for poaching.' THE ' Quebec Morning Chronicle com pletes one of its marriage announcement with the following information No cards no cake ! ! no wine ! ! !' 'I DECLARE mother,' said a pretty little girl, ' it's too bad. You always send me to bed when I'm not sleepy, and you always make me get up when I am sleepy.' NOT LEASES Whitehall real estate owner, having let allans houses but one, was asked if that under house was his last. ' Yes, last, but not leased,' was his reply. A GENTLEMAN travelling in Ireland said to a very importunate beggar, You have lost all your teeth.' The beggar quickly answered, ' An' it's time I parted with him, when I'd nothing for him to do. 'UNCLE JAMES, won't you perform some of those juggling tricks for us to-night that you learned in China " No, my dear, I'm not in the vein.' ' What vein, uncle ?' Why, the juggler vein of course.' HE said it was too cold to get up, and she said it wasn't her place to kindle fires and she wouldn't, and they both lay aged thirty odd hours in Portland, Maine. She, pretty hungry by that time, thought better of it. TIPEINS aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other night saying he had seen a ghost in the shape of angers. ' Chalet me sleep,' was the reply of the irate dame, and don't be frightened at your own shadow.' A TROY man who never pays his debts has been so importuned at his residence by a patient creditor that the former threatened to bring a suit for wilful annoyance of his family. This is the cheeriest debtor on record. A YOUNG lady says that a gentleman ought never to feel discouraged when the momentous question' is negatived by the object of his choice, for in life, as in grammar, we always decline before we conjugate.' A NICE QUESTION OF TASTE. Jewel- ler : ' What kind of a chain would you like ?' Young man-' Well, I don't know, hardly. What kind of a chain do you think I ought to have That is, what style do you think would be the most becoming for a young man who carries groceries to the best families in town ?' A GENTLEMAN built a wing to his house, consisting of a cellar, a library on the ground floor, and a bedroom above. He asked the opinion of a friend [about it, who replied-' My dear fellow, I am sorry to see you have lost your senses.' ' How,' exclaimed the other.' ' Why a bon vivant and a literary man, as you are, to read over your wine and to sleep over your books.' ONE OF THE HANDMAIDS OF HISTORY. -A French newspaper makes the following extraordinary announcement Lord Selkirk arrived at Paris this morning. He is a descendant of the famous Selkirk whose adventures suggested to Defoe his Robinson Crusoe. THE question was discussed at a de- bating club whether there was more happiness in possession or pursuit of an object. ' Mr. President,' said a speaker, ' suppose I was courting a girl, and she was to run away, and I was to run after her, wouldn't I be happier when I catched her than when I was running after her ?' NOTHING HAPPENED. Once a careless man went to the cellar and stuck the candle in what he thought was a keg of black sand. He sat near it drinking wine until the candle burned low. Nearer and nearer it got to the black sand, nearer and nearer, until the blaze reached the black sand, and as it was nothing but black sand, nothing happened. CHARLES DICKENS and the artist Landseer were dining together one day, when a servant entered and calmly inquired. ' If you please Sir Edwin, did you order a lion?' Dickens looked up somewhat alarmed, as the Zoological Gardens were not far distant. But it soon appeared that a lion had recently died at the gardens, and the manager wished to know whether Landseer desired as was often the case, to make a sketch of it. DURING the Lord. Mayor's show there was a charming illustration of rustic simplicity. A country girl, being struck by seeing some old soldiers wearing their well-earned medals, asked the meaning. The matter was explained to her but noticing among the soldiers a smart young cabman with a bran new badge on his breast bearing the figure 1718, she asked what medal that was Oh, said cabby, ' this is a metropolitan medal, and it signifies that I have been in seventeen hundred and eighteen actions with the enemy-that is, - that. I have - knocked down that number of the public since I joined the ranks.' A CORRESPONDENT of a Richmond paper writes-' Just after we left Boun Seville, Judge O., of- Charlottesville commenced his jokes, and soon had all the passengers in a roar. TO tell you what I can do,' said the judge to a correspondent of a New York- paper, ; you may think of any time you please, whether I have heard it or not," and, by seeing you keep the time with your fingers I can tell what you are playing. The correspondent was sceptical. After thinking a moment he commenced piano playing on the back of the seat in front of him with all the grace of a professional. What am playing how?' he asked eagerly, and with an air of triumph. ' You are playing the fool,' replied" the judge. 