THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. It will be remembered that daring the last session of Parliament two or three members of the Assembly, under the leader shm of Mr. Carr, made thenuelrei con spicuous by their unfriendly criticisms upon the projected enlargement of the Sooth Aus tralian Institute. Without assuming an attitude of downright opposition, they en deavoured to excite prejudice against the scheme submitted by the Board of Governors and endorsed by the Ministry. They per sisted in representing it as a proposal for the expenditure of some £50,000 in the City of Adelaide, keeping out of sight as much as possible the facts that the Institute, like the Botanic Garden, is a thoroughly national establishment, and that the outlay spoken of will be spread over a long term of years. One of the results of their industry in hunting up evidence in sup* port of their singularly narrowminded policy has within the last few days been brought to light. It is given to the public in the shape of .a printed return of correspondence and a lithographed return of plans relating to the contemplated alterations in the Institute buildings. The papers open with a letter dated September 21, 1871, from Mr. Josiah Boothby to Mr. Robert Kay, enclosing a resolution of the. Assembly as to the necessity f«r additions to the Institute, and soliciting in formation respecting the cost. It must be understood that the resolution here referred to was the outcome of an appeal— or rather of repeated appeals— for increased accommo dation made by the Board of Governors. What action followed upon this communica tion we have no' means of knowing, although we have reason for believing that a reply was returned; but in July of the succeeding year Mr. Kay wrote, asking that £5,000 might be placed upon the Estimates of 1873 for Institute extension purposes. Some correspondence ensued as to the nature of the enlargements to be effected, 'and in AugusVof; 187? the. Government were ; informed that a plan submitted by the Assis tant Architect had been adopted on the ground that 'it would give the 'maumam amount of additional accommodation to the various departments obtainable for £5,000.' At the same time it was announced that the question of extending the front of the buildings was to be regarded as left open for consideration so soon as larger funds were procurable On the Estimates for 1873 a line for £3,000 was passed, bat before any steps had been taken for the disburse ment of the money the Board of Governors made a strong representation to the Chief Secretary in favour of entering upon the erection of a new edifice to the east of that now standing on Horth-terrace. To show clearly that they entertained no such pre posterous idea as that of forthwith laying out £50,000 upon a palatial structure to supersede the present building, we may remark that they speak of commencing now, but of completing by (Ugrees, an erection which shall supply sufficient accommodation for the requirements of the Institute in all its departments for many years to come. For the time being they simply ask for a 'library on the ground floor, and a Museum above to be connected with the present building by a temporary structure.' The first letter, bringing under the notice of the Government this change of plan, is dated January 4, 1873; bat it was not until Mr. Kay had on March 29 forwarded a second communication urging the matter on the attention of the Chief Secretary that the requisite works were put in hand, and the foundations of the extension laid. As the public are aware, a Commission is now sitting to enquire into the whole ques tion of the enlargement of the Central Institute, and we presume the papers and plans to which we have been referring will be laid before them. Considering the argent necessity there is for increased accommoda tion for both Library and Museum, it is important that the labours of this body, if they are to affect the character of the new building, should be prosecuted with all reasonable dispatch. Although there is not the slightest intention to put up the whole structure at once, the £6,000 rendered available by votes upon the Esti mates for 1873 and 1874, and perhaps also £3,000 or £4,000 more, may with the greatest advantage to the community be laid out during the next few months in erecting Dne of the wings of the new edifice. To have a National Institute and Museum 'cabined, nibbed, and confined' within the four Falls of the small building on North-terrace is neither calculated to raise South Australia in her own estimation, nor in the estimation of visitors from other countries. European JTevts.— Our telegrams from Europe announce another triumph for the Due de Broglie. The Bill relating to the appointment of Maires has been carried, and the Government have even had a solid majority of 42 on their side. Unfortunately ao intelligence has reached us of the distinctive features of the measure. It is probable, however, that it had for its abject to place the Municipal governments more absolutely under the control of the Ministry than has hitherto been the case. Ibis, together with the fact that the Maires exercise most important functions in connection with the elections, would iccount for the excitement with which the proposal appears to have been received by the Opposition. Tho Due de Brogiie has sufficiently shown his facility for working the Municipal authorities in the interests of Conservatism, and any attempt to add to his legal power in that direction was certain to be unpalatable to the parties of the Left. Whatever its exact character, . 'the appointment of Mairfs Bill' was evidently raised to the dignity of a ques tion crucial to the existence of the Govern ment. The history of their success is very much a reproduction of the 'Marahalate' victory upon which it so closely follows. The struggle in the Assembly opened with what might mean a defeat, for after a stormy scene i motion for the postponement of the debate was carried, and the position of the Ministry became so embarrassed that they placed their resignation in the hands of the President, who declined to accept it. Their action, tike Marshal MacMahon'B celebrated message upon the prolongation, appears to have caused a reaction, for it was followed by the Assembly passing a vote of confidence in. them by a majority of 58, An amendment upon the Bill waS next rejected, and now the original measure has been affirmed by a substantial majority. Fol lowing upon the news of this decisive victory ior the Government comes a signifi cant announcement with regard to the foreign policy of France. The present heads of the Republic, although not at all inclined to join in the crusade against Ultramon tanism which Germany has undertaken, have agreed upon a line beyond which Papal interference will not be tolerated. They have no objection to pilgrimages ; they are content to allow the priesthood every reasonable latitude in their efforts to maintain the hold of the Church upon the nation : they entertain a profound veneration for the Holy Father and a pious solicitude for his welfare, but they decline to allow the relations towards the Vatican to imperil the maintenance of goodwill between the nation and Italy. So long as the present rtg'rnt lasts His Holiness cannot hope for the assistance of France in reinstating him as temporal ruler in Rome. The announce ment is reassuring, and will be hailed with satisfaction throughout Europe. There is only one other scrap of information in the telegram, and it presents a complete contrast to the items we have been alluding to. That remarkable pair, the Siamese twins, after living to a good old age, have at length given up the ghost. One feels curious to know some particulars as to their last moments, but on this point the message is dumb. It has long been nutter of speculation amongst the medical pro fession whether the vital spark would leave both portions of this dual human system at one tune, or whether it would be possible for one twin to live on after the death or the otter. In all probability this problem has now been solved, but upon that point we shall have to await further tidings. Begclatioss under the Kerosike Act. Ihe regulations under the Kerosine Act have jiow been published. They are very brief, but the ten clauses of -which they con sist possibly contain all that is necessary to give effect to the intention of the Act. There ib little in them that calls for special notice, and their purport may be given in few words. The first clause requires that upon the arrival of any vessel within a hundred yards of a wharf, pier, or jetty, excepting on the River Murray and Lake Alexandriaa, the local Inspector shall make known to the person in command the provkioos of the Kerosine Act, and ascertain whether any kerosine is on board, and if so, what quantity. This is of coarse a necessary rile, although it will entail a good deal of trouble to the Inspectors who m-.y hold office at the leading ports. The remaining sections relate to the mode in which buildings are to be licensed as special stores for dangeroas oils. The fee for a licence is fixed at £5, and it is provided that the person requiring one shall specify to the Inspector seven days before making applica tion the building for which he intends seeking a licence. Inspectors who are Muni cipal officers are prohibited from granting licences for premises outside the boundaries of their municipalities, while inspectors who are not Corporation Officers are placed under the same disability regarding buildings that properly come under the supervision of Muni cipal Inspectors of Kerosine. . For the time being all Inspectors must correspond with and act under the directions of the Chief Secretary, to whom twice a year they are to wport their proceedings under the Act FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. PEACOCK.— On Thursday afternoon, January 22, the remains of the late Mr. William Peacock were interred. A number of the deceased's friends and relatives met at his late residence, Palm-place, Hackney; and the cortege, which was headed by over 40 of the workmen in the employ of Messrs. Peacock & Son, and consisted of six mourning carriages and about fifteen other vehicles, pro ceeded to the West-terrace Cemetery. The service was conducted impressively by the Rev. F. W. Cox, and there was a large atten dance of persons who desired to show their regard for one who had long resided in South Australia, and at one time taken a prominent part in public affairs. Among those who surrounded the grave there were noticed — Mr. Caleb Peacock, son of deceased; Messrs. James and Percy Dobson, grandsons; Messrs. J. Kirkpatrick, G. Scrymgour, J. Mann, Her bert and James Evans, the Rev. H. Cheetham, Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M.G., Captain Bickers, W. D. Allott, Mayor of Adelaide; Messrs. W. C. Buik, G. Scrymgour, sen., S. Whitmore, J. S. Symon, E. T. Smith, M.P., H. C. E. Muecke, E. B. W. Glandfield, W. Lewis, J. Paxton, W. Paxton, W. H. Burford, W. Burford, A. Dowie, H. H. Mildred, H. Bowen, G. W. Cotton, J. M. Stacy, E. Hodge, Jos. Mellor, G. Miller, G. R. Shadgett, and D. Fisher. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. G. R. Debney. Many of the shops in Rundle-street were partially closed out of respect to the memory of the deceased. Steam Yacht. — The Derwent, a handsome steam yacht belonging to the Royal Yacht Club in England, has been purchased to assist in carrying on the boarding officer's duties at the Semaphore Station. She is about 53 feet long, fitted with 12 horse-power endues, and is said to be capable of going at a high rate of speed. Although a small craft, much taste has boon shown in her appointments, especially in the cabin, which has ample room when the size of the craft is considered, it was found necessary to remove the greater portion of the bulwarks to get her on board the Benvenue, and that vessel has brought her cumbrous dedcload in very good order. Is appearance she is a regular clipper, having a long sharp entrance and good delivery. As soon as she is fitted out there will be mere to say about her. The Sketchkr.— The Awtrakuion, Sketcher for January maintains the high standard with which the publication commenced. The front view represents Mr. W. G. Grace at the wicket. A drawing of the Melbourne Cricket Ground on the day of the All-England match covers two rides. A page is given to the Victorian team, and the Roman Catholic Coadjutor Archbishop of Sydney is represented. The paper also con bins a portrait of the Grand Duchess Maria sJexandroyna of Russia, who in all probability by Ibis time is married to the Duke of Edinburgh. There are other pictures of con siderable merit. The Cestbal Roj»d Board Elections.— The following are the particulars of the voting of F6 District Councils, the result of which ias already been notified:— For A. Hallett, J.P., 59 votes; J. H. Angas, M.P., 57; F. Hannaford, J.P., 51; H. T. Morris, J.P.; 43; W. A. E. West-Erekine, M.P., 18; T. Playford, 12; R, S. Kelly, J.P., 9; It. Smith, J.P.. 2; C. H. Hyles, M.P., 2; P. B. Coglin, J.P., 2; J. Pearce, M.P.,2; J. Dawson, J. tf. Ramsay, M.P..G. Baker, sen., C. Teiaby, J.P., J. Forboe, J. Pickering, M.P., W. Magarey, J.P., G. Warren, J.P., R, Rankine, J.P., T. Giles, J.P., and J. Kelly, one rote each. The Apoinga Council sent in three nominations instead of four, and they were ierefore informal. Those from Glanrille and Lefovre'a Peninsula were received too late, md the subjoined Councils omitted to nominate candidates:— Biack Springs, Hanson, Higher x-mbe, North Rhine, Queenstown, and Alberton, ind Strathalbyn. Church of England Bazaar.— We learn hat the Building Committee of the new Church it Virginia, now under the charge of the Rev. iV. Scott, intend holding a bazaar to liquidate ho debt on the building. An advertisement in -ur columns -will announce the exact date when ;bc sale will take place. Yorke's Phosscla Cricket. — Mr. S. tforcom, of the Norwood Club, has. received a etter from Mr. Sounders, the Secretary of the if orke's Peninsula Cricketing Association, asking urn to play in their team against the All Ed gland Eleven. Port Wakefield Trade.— The wheat trade a bow in full activity at Port Wakefield, giving ihe place a' busy appearance, and affording freight for. a large number of vessels. The ielivery of grain, however, has been seriously retarded, the late prevailing southerly winds, with neap tides, having kept vessels weatherbound in the creek. The late severe storms did not injuriously affect the district, but rather tended towards benefiting it, having provided a supply of fresh water, the stock of which had become very low. During the past week the flood has been so heavy in the Wakefield, which there is a. tidal river, as to master the flow of sea water, a result being the unusual circumstance of teamsters watering their cattle with fresh water at the wharf. Shipping during the past week was 5,922 bags wheat and 75 tons of flour. The German Sick and Ikfihm Fcm— The quarterly meeting of the Committee 'of this institution took place in the Hotel Europe. The Society, which was established in July, IStJS, is continually increasing its operations. There are now 73 members, and the funds amount to upwards of j£4C0. It is satisfactory to learn that the Association will in future be able to yield greater benefits to its members. It hog been decided that the sick- pay shall be increased to £1 per week for the first six months, 15s. for the succeeding tlire^jUa. a week for the next three montk r, and after that 5s. weekly during the continuance of an illness. The sum to be con tributed in case of death was fixed at £10. The subscription rate continues the same as hereto fore. In addition to the financial benefits, the Society differs from English institutions of a similar character, as its proceedings are public and strangers are always welcome at its meet ings. At the latest gathering several applica tions for membership were received, and it is confidently hoped that owing to the Iownes3 of the fees and the few expenses incurred the number of supporters will largely increase. English Cholera at Ballakat.— English cholera (kits the Courier) appears to have become acclimatized in Ballarat, three deaths having occurred from this cause since Friday, January 9. Two of those were adults, whose illness was confined to two dayH before its fatal termination; while the third, a fine little boy of about six years, succumbed IS hours after being attacked with this dire complaint. We hardly need impress upen parents and others the extra care required during tho very changeable weather experienced lately. Mjnob Theatbical Intelligence. - We notice that Mi. T. P. Hill, the elocutionist, and Mrs. J. B. Steele, the actress, are in Hobart Town, giving a series of joint entertainments made up of readings and recitals. Bonn SxnoeioH.— While the engne at the ' Po/i EUk* Mil) wM.in-falUwork on Friday, Janairv 1€, tb« baiter bant. About two minutes before the accident Mr. Barker directed his assistant, who was io the engine-room, to go \--ut«ri«3e and girt a horse water. He had scarcely left the building when the explosion took place, Mr. Barter was on the ladder attending to another storey at ths time, and was ahnoet -blinded with smoke and steam. He was ranch frightened, but sustained no injury. Part of the wall of the engine-room w&a; blown I down. Tb« causa of the oocuTenoe is supposed I to have been the w«m-out state of the boiler, it having b«tn in use many years. It was sup posed to be in a far better state than it really was, and An uamin&taon; made since the mishap has ihown that the engine had been worked at great risk for some time. Sympathy is felt for Mr. Barker, he being an enterprising young man and much respected. Soihsb.— On Thursday evening, January 22, an entertainment, comprising music and read ings with a farce, wan given at the Norwood Town Hall in aid of the Kensington Park Cricket Oval Fund. There was a capital attea dance. The Hon. L. Glyde, M.P., who pre sided, mentioned that abent i'150 had baen subscribed towards the oval, and a balance o' £40 was still owing as subscriptions. This amount, less the Bank overdraft of £20, left the Committee with a credit balance to date of £20. An excellent programme was then proceeded with. Th« majority of the selections, both musical and elocutionarjj were rendered with spirit to the evident satisfaction of the audience. Misa Thomas sweetly sang ' The Savoyard's Return,' and had to pay the usual penalty for pleasing. A comic song, 'TheTionborne Owe,1* by Mr. P. Campbell, drew forth roars of laughter, which were prolonged by his rendering of ' Bluebeard' in answer to a recall. The glee, ' 0, who wfll o'er the downs so free,'1 creditably given by members of the Asaodationooacluded the first part of the entertainment. The proceedings closed with the farce ' To Pari3 and Back for Five Pounds.' Tho principal rttfOiiat of Mr. Samuel Snozzle, was humorously and effectively sustained by Mr. G. Laughton, and the minor parts, as a whole, were fairly presented, although defects peculiar to amateurs were of course noticeable. The soiree, which may fairly be said to have besn a success, concluded about 10.30 p.m. Vital Statistics.— Tho number of births and deaths registered in the district of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday. January 17, were :— Births, 13 males, 23 females ; deaths, 6 maies, 9 females. Total, 39 births, 15 deaths. Excess of births, 24. Mkadows Farms axd Gardsss.— There are not pleasant prospect'; regarding the potato crops and vegetable yields in the Meadows dis trict. In many places tho potatoes have not bad a good soaking rain since they were planted, and except where irrigation has been resorted to they will be at the best but half a crop. Peas have shared a similar fate, and the produce is light. The wheat being more for ward has not suffered quite so muoh as other growths. All kinds of garden stuff have fared badly, and even well established trees and shrubs are showing signs of poverty for want of rain, which, though frequently threatening, has kept away. A few light thunder showers fell on Sunday, and heavy fogs experienced on Monday and Tuesday nights somewhat revived the drooping vegetation, but not sufficiently to soak the ground much. Locusts have left the dis trict, but in some localities proved very destruc tive, while in others they scarcely did any mis chief. A few fires started in the neighbour hood. They, however, were promptly extin guished. The Meadows Mill has not been started yet, neither is there any appearance of that. Emigration Agency.— Mr. JohnStott, writing to the Argnty gives the following narrative of his experiences as a private, emigration agent : — 'I have been resident now over 25 years in this colony and Adelaide, and before I left home I made it my especial business to accom pany a Mr. Ennals, who was then -1S48) emigra tion agent for that part of Huntingdonshire, Bedfordshire, and Cambridgeshire, to several public meetings of labourers, which he convened in the various villages which he visited in his capacity as a^ent to the Emigration Commis sioners, and at most of them many said, ' Wull, Mr. Stott, if you go, and send us good news of the country, we will come out' Well, I le't London in July, 1S-S, in the gocd old ship the Hoophly, Captain. Henry, commander, and arrived in Adelaide, after five and a half months' vogage, on the- 5th of December of that year. Some time after my arrival I sent home a letter to my friends, which was published in several papets in various parts of the country. I saw it myself in the British Banntr and in a Plymouth paper, which were shown to me by Mr. John Stephens, the publisher and editor of the Observer, in Adelaide; and it had the effect, as I was afterwards informed, of inducing upwards of 200 families to leave that part of the country which I came from — St. Neots, in Huntingdonshire. Now, having a great desiro to visit the old country, and do what I could to induce others to come here, I a short time back wrote to the Chief Secretary (Mr. .Francis), informing him of my efforts in 1848, and the results, and I received a polite reply, to the effect that there were no funds for such a purpose. Now, Sir, the only expenditure I required was that my expenses out and back and travelling expenses at home, incidental to the mission engaged in, should be borne by the Government, and I feel confident it would be the best and most economical outlay for accomplishing the object aimed at that the Government has ever made, ae I was well and popularly known as a printer, bookseller, and stationer for many miles round where I lived, and having numerous relatives and friends now resident in that part of England, as well as in Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Cambridge shire, and Sussex, all agricultural districts, and from whence I do not hesitate to say I could do good service in promoting that desirable object ' of inducing many of that class to emigrate here instead of the United States.' Dr. Thcddicum's Criticism.— In reference to the severe criticism of Dr. Thuddicum on Victorian wines the Melbourne Tdegraph says :— ' Punch hits off the moral of the Thuddicum wine business. The grapes became sour so soon as the £300 fee was refused to the learned : doctor. As to Mr. Francis, whom the doctor holds responsible for withholding the money, not only does hia memory stink in the estima mation of the iavan, but also his wine, and it is cleariy a blessing that the Treasurer did not exhibit the fermented juice of the Victorian gra* e. Nothing could be found in the Thud \- dicum .dictionary to describe Mr. Langton's vintage, and resort must have been made to Billingsgate o: Carlyle. PonJi thinks that Dr. Thuddicum should be kicked, but we would rather see him handsomely feed, and his opinion taken afterwards — as it were upon a full financial stomach. And what the incident should do is to teach Victorian Commissioners not to loaf upon experts for gratuitous professional opinion. Their legal advisers could tell them that an opinion that is not worth paying for is. not worth having. There was a good deal of force in the advice given by the milkman to Mr. Micawber, ?' not to be mean.' ' Miniature Cabbies.— It appears as if men were scarce in Hebart Town. The Mercury thus grumbles :— 'Our attention has been called to a subject that has repeatedly caused us surprise. Under what order of things has Hobart Town bo manv juvenile cab drivers ? Are men's lives of so little value in Hobart Town that they are thus ruthlessly entrusted to boy drivers that have not the strength to cher-k a runaway horse, or keep a stumbling animal on its legs / If they who license cabmen Rive licences to boys, they . will not be held blameless should loss of life be the consequence. If these boys are not licensed, why do the police tolerate such a reckless dis regard of the safety of people travelling by cabs ? ' The English Psokessioxal Cricketers.— The Daily Tt!#pvph says:— 'The cricket patch between six of the All-England professionals, with five of the Warrnambool players, against eighteen of the Western District (if we may include Conway, Cooper, and Gaggin amongst them), adds another to the series of surprises recently experienced by lovers of this game. The Eighteen went first to the wickets, and -scored no less than 172, while the professionals and thow who played with them were disposed of for 26. Greenwood was the only one of the profewionals who scored, and five duckegga stared to eclkagues is the face.' t 7b* Law W. , J. T. . CLABKX.^-Rsgardisc th i { interment of -the remains of this well-known capitalist the Daily Tiiajraph says : — ' Toe funeral of the late Mr. W. J, T. Clarke took pkc« on the ltfth, and was very larsrely attended. 1'be ccrtty kft.Eswndon at half-past 12, and consisted at first of tbe hearse, 12 mourning ooaehee, and & iarge number of private vehicles and wagonettes, and by the titue it reached St Jumes's Cathedral it had swelled very consider ably. Tho Cathedral was crowded in every part, and the service was conducted by the Very Rev. the De«n of Melbourne, a*dst«d by the Kew. J. Watson, M. H. Becber. and Edward Puckle. At its termination the ' Doad March in Siul' was played by Mr. Ford, the organist. The procession on leaving St James's Cathedral was more than a quarter of a mile long. The fore most carriages wore occupied by the three sous of the deeeased and other relatives. Among those who followed were the Chief Secretary, the Commissioner of Customs, the Minister of Public Works, tho Hon. Henry Miiter, the Hon. T. J. Smith, the Hon. Philip R-ossell, Mr. Inspector Hare, Mr. E. P. S. Sturt, P.M., Mr. Call, P.M., Captain Amsinck, Mr. Robert Power, Mr. Herbert Power, Mr. Pavey, and numerous other well-known eoloniats. Altogether there were about 60 vehicles. At the Cemetery tho officiating clergymen were the Dean of Melbourne and the .Rev. J. Watson. The pall-bearers were the Hon. J. G. Francis, the Hon. E. Cohen, Mr. E. P. 8. Sturt, Mr. Inspector Hare, Mr. Langhorn, Mr. Greenlaw, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Wm. Smith. The funeral arrangements were entrusted to Mesfra. Sleight, of Collins-street, and the arrangements were in all respects satisfactory. The remains were buried in the family vault of Mr. W. C. Clarke, of Sunbury, one of the deceased's sons. A Strangb Vkgbtablk.- -In reference to a peculiar radish the Ballarat Courier asks:— ?' Do parts of the human body reproduce themselves in the vegetable kingdom, not only in its gases, but also in the same shape ? u a very natural question evoked by a common radish which was shown to us by Mr. Stalker, of Bridge-street This radish is the exact resemblance of a human hand, with the four fingers and thumb as clearly denned as though fashioned by a sculptor. Even the nail portions are distinctly outlined, iwd the general hollow of the hand is carefully preserved. This counterfeit presentment of the human hand is certainly a very remarkable fact in the vege table hihtory.' Wanted mork Railways.— An influential deputation, which included amongst it several members of both Houses of Parliament, had an interview with the Victorian Commissioner of Railways (says the Melbourne Telegraph of the 16 th), and urged the claims of the residents of the Upper Yarra district to railway communi cation with the metropolis. Mr. Gillies pro mised that eo soon ~os the officers eDgaged in surveying the lines a'ready authorized by Par liament have completed their present labours a survey shall be made of a lice frora Melbourne to Heidelberg, and on through Lillydale to Heale&ville.; He would not, however, say whether the proposed line would form part of the next railway scheme, as it was a matter re quiring mature consideration. The Circus.— We notice tbat the American Circuf*, some time ago amalgamated with Chiarini's Italian Company, is now at Wagga Wagg», under the style of the Italian and American Circus. An Anti-Liquidator.— The Otauand Marra.it Adi- artistr says:— 'One of the most notorious men in this district (Thomas Gidley), who is now undergoing a sentence in Pentridge for perjury, displays his determination and tenacity of money to the last. He refuses to pay some of his just debtfl, although he is worth some £10,000 or £15,000, and accordingly an order is to be sought to sequestrate his estate.' Thb All-England Eleven.— Mr. Grace's team of cricketers are going to West Maitland to plaj a match after having concluded their engagements in Sydney. Newcastle joins Mait land in providing the sport. Bonuses to Officers.— The Directors of the Bank of Victoria on January 15 decided that a bonus of 10 per cent, on the salary of every officer should 1)6 given them, and next day the amounts were handed over to the clerks. The Ellora Stabbing Cask.— Jose Martin, charged with stabbing two of his feliow la -cars on board the mail steamer Ellora, has been com mitted for trial from the Saudridge Water Police Court. Mammon Worship.— In referring to tho decease of Mr. W. J. T. Clarke, the Melbourne Ecminy Herald wrote thus strongly under the beading ' Flunkey ism: — ' ' De martuit nil nisi bonum,' says the old aphorism. We are quite prepared to admit the correctness of the prin ciple, but at the same time do not feel inclined to translate it into ' Of the wealthy dead always say good.' There are those, however, who do seem to so read the proverb. 'The paper men tioned then condemns its mornings contempo. raries, alleging that so long as a man is rich they regard him with veneration in proportion to his wealth, and are always prepared to do homage to money, adding — ' The evidence of this is furnished in the obituary notices given of a wealthy colonist— a man perhaps as rich as any in the southern hemisphere, but having nothing but his wealth to recommend himself or his memory to the community in the midst of which he has accumulated his colossal fortune. With, perhaps, the best opportunities of any man in Victoria, this millionaire failed to do, so far as is known, one kind or geserous action that v. ould ecdear him to a soul, and yet this is the man that the myrmidons of the morning press have delighted, in a left-handed manner, to eulogize. . . ? . He had ne^er done one service to the State, and was, with the bounties Providence showered upon him, miserable in the extreme.'' : . [From Saturday's Euning Journal.] - Thefts in Government Officbs.— ft will be unpleasant for the public to learn that thefts have recently been discovered to have token place in the Accountant's office of the Engineer* in-Chief 's Department. About a month ago £5 was missing from the cash box which was kept in the Accountant's desk; but at the first little attention was paid to the matter, as it was sup posed that a £5-note had been- paid away in miitake for a £1. Shortly afterwards, however, £15 was missed, and it then became apparent that a- theft had bean com mitted. Mr. Mais directed that a new cash box and an iron safe should be procured, which was done. Just before 4 o'clock one afternoon the Accountant put away a considerable sum, including five £10- notes, in the box and safe, locking the keys of both, and placing them in a drawer, of which he turned the key. He went to the Treasury, where he was engaged for a qusrter of an hour, and upon returning he took the key of the safe and placed it underneath some papers in one of a number of pigeon-holes, which was closed by a locked door. Next morning the key was found in the same position, but three ilO-notes were gone from the cash-box, and whether the cash was taken during the night or during the time the Accountant was absent in the Treasury cannot of course be ascer tained. The whole matter, which is involved in mystery, has been referred to a Board of Enuuiry, the police having also been informed »f the circumstances, and it is to be hoped that the culprit may speedily be discovered and brought to justice. Accident in the Port Lincoln District.— A private letter reports that while Mr. J. Dinni son, manager of Messrs. Brown's Talia Station, and Mr. Agar, were lately driving in a buggy a short distance from the woolshed, their horse became unmanageable, and Mr. Dinnison either jumped or was thrown from the vehicle, and suffered a compound fracture of one leg, the bone projecting at least an inch through the skin. He was at once removed to his residence, and a messenger was sent to Streaky Bay, 60 miles away, for a person who is compe tent to reduce a fracture, and a second express to Port Lincoln, 140 miles off, to secure the services of a surgeon, who attended as soon as possible. The pain the patient had to suffer, owing to the great distance from which assistance bad to be obtained, has been very severe; but at the date of the letter, January 16, the eleventh day after the accident, he was progressing moderately. Many persons, espe cially in and near Tungillo, where Mr. Dinnison is well known and much respected, will sympa thize with him and his family whilst suffering under this severe affliction. 