LITERATURE. Literary Notices. Tin? " Oiiontal Sporting Magazine" from June, 1828 to Jane 1833, lia» been reprinted and published by H. S. King and Co,, but for what purpose it would bo diilicu.it to say. As saiuplus of what wc may call the sporting literature ot a past timo tlie-'o volumes may serve as foils to show tho superior merit ot' tue same sort of literature as it exists now, but certes they will answer no other useful pur- pose. The narratives given in them ' are coarsely written, but in some cases show marked contrasts. The majority of sporting narratives of this kind show sportsmen to a disadvantage, or rather lower thom to their proper placo among the inferior animals. Wo can appreciate tho during of men who bu Idly seek tho haunts ot' noxious animals for tho purpose of destroying such animalsjlmt who can appro/.iati tho goodness of sportsmen who can hunt Ii pooryoung antulopu to death? So far as morals are concerned, the herd of antelopes men- tioned in the following extract were unques- tionably superior to thu merciless men who pur- sued them. Th" dogs had singled out a young antulopu from tho herd. A flor mulling ii small circuit , »lie m ale Tull Ult fur Mic herd, willoh stu'tcd at UH, suuU'cd l.liu air, and llieu hounded an ny us ii I'liguriliu! only oí meir >wu *afut.y. lint insto ul oí l'o' linviii-i up tilo principio timi, jjoneriilly anlaute« thu human muu-vance i/ii! paul-limy nindi: a iiuiilu uttuiiilit lu save thu pursued, harassed young nm:. Hliinliuiilnj,' lliulr pane. Uley allowed lier to lead, keeping in li compact, tinily lu her roar, in Mutt, tnamnr completely cm cr- in:; tliorutrc.it. Tu lui I thin niuu<eiivio wu luriic.l titi! Iientl ut' I lio Iii't'il, ny which means wu luvniiflit. Ul" yoting nun in lo HID ru.ir ai4iiiu. They IIUMI triril uuotlwr titrutnt;<!ni, wltie.h was to s loot MUru.ssliurU.vunla and inrwanls boiweou iisnint tho ulijeot ol nur pursuit, Milmiland fearlessly, t hat. wltlia pistul-hltul .wu nih; tit. litivultrougltt sou ni ol' their snaring nut lorn tn lin; ground. Much a mining ami .'( > 11 ti i si DI i sadly perplexed thu dugs, nuil UiU was rendered worse hy Um beni .suddenly separat ujr, il n'tlngolï iu iii ff «rout, directions, and then rcunitlnn ta repeat. Um .saini! (iriink. ll. was only hy keeping our eyes iiudcvial liiK'.V lixud upon our prey that, wo were Hnln tu keep up any- thing like a ilciurmitmd chase. After a buril mee nf nimia Hf feen minutes, «iiic.imeto a millah : thu lull- grown iiiilelopes Hpmtig (tuross wit lion t IL moment H pause; uno nf them, wliiuh miiilit, U ive Uueii tho mother, looking wistfully nuuk ns if to encourage the yoitiijí une iu the leap; .she missed tile distance, struck tigainsr. tlieoppnsile lianlt, mid full into Mic millah. Thu ilo<s bau crossed, uiiil, sruinlngly uwaro themselves of llio linitility ut' following Um herd, (iinied lo their muslin's for fiirtlior orders Wo laid thom on to thu young antelope, who hail regained tho bunk ol' Hie nullah on which wo were, timi run fur ii short distance further down, where she made another attempt tu leap, lint, with un belter success ; she fell headlong lUm'ti, and I lie dog« fastening' on, the work of (louth was Huon accomplished. " Musical Recollections of tho Last Half Cen- tury," i.y Mi\ Planche, anil published l)y Tinsley, is one the most interesting books of tho past year, and promises to become a standard work in our literature, lt is essentially a book of gossip - dramatic, literary, biographic, and musical. It was published in detail, and in fragments in TIIY.S[>KY'S MAOAZINK, but tho fragments aro now collected into a whole, and form two handsome volumes, which aro nicely printed, and pleasantly and amusingly -written. As a critic, Mr. Planche ia sometimes too stilted, and too apt, also, to rogard whatever pldhaes himself as tho beau ideal of all possible excellence. This is a defect which pertains to many professional critics, and to none moro so than to tko so-called musical critics. Writers of this stamp see no beauty in any mu- sical performance, unless it approximates the per- formance of some great artist, such as Malibran or Pasta, Jouny Lind or Rubini. Woro such critics to attempt to critically ostimato tho comparative morits of tho Howers in a llower-gurdon, they j would probably select some ono or two ilowors as surpassingly beautiful, and rogard all tho others as worthless, ignoring tho fact that each llower is distinguished by a beauty peculiarly its own. And, as it is with flowers, so is it with artists and musicians, for no matter how widely they differ, each displays somo excellence which serves to dis- tinguish ita possessor from all other members of tho saino profession. Our author's comparison of Sphor's Paust, and tho moro popular and better known Faust of Gounod, forcibly illustrates these remarks. Jkit, Betting nil tlieao faults aside, there remains a very largo fund of pleasant rending in these musical recollections of Mr. Planche. From his ^lositiou ns a musical and dramatic critic and a^haiiuitie writer of celebrity ho had access to vjiil1-'^ 80l"'cea ol' information, ami as he knows how toMlf0 luo literary wealth at his disposal I .stiewidum iH^>h so his work is replete with in torosting skofcphes "f great singers, pianists, vio- linists, and othP1' members of tho genus musical, "who have nstonrH'od tho world by their porform î^icos during tholïïstni'ty years. Indeed the hook ia so generally interesting that wo have only to o-pen it at al most, any pago in order to lind something eminently quotable. I At til« eighth Vhilliuvmoiilo'Concert ot tho season of 1S3C, Unit rciriuvkublo violinist, Ole noriioinuun Hall, already named, nude lils appearance, im engagement linville buen romilly offero.l him on account of til" HIIUOOSS ho had attained ' ata woll-iittoudud concert previously glvuu, May tho Dist, nt Ills Afnjosty's 'JL'houtro. Concerning timi evuut, lt wus trnly remarked thut "ns n violinist his pluou was very high, his lune ulnar and brilliant, Ids execution prodiirlous. und, for t ho most part, thoroughly finished. Many of Ids passage»" were written lu two or throe parts-ono in particular, with a melody supported liy a tieinnlaittta- anil their extraordinary diHiiiwity stiriiioiuitod with the utmost uaso und skill," Of hin taste a less favourable opinion was expressed, tho iiilvleo helriK teinlerod to him that " it would lie woll if hu reused being nu imitator, nulli willoh improvement had bcuu mude, it was not. likely that, lui would com mund tho highest posi- tion." This artiste, whom M. Ketis hus designated as " lo plus excentrique iles vinllnistei virtuoses," was burn Feb. fi, 1SIO, ut Dörgen, Bowmty leagues distance from . hrlstiuiiiii, In thu eastern part ot Norway. Ho dorivod his llrst instruc- tion in thu rudiments ot' Ids art at thu royal sellout of muslo ut Christ innlii, and, contrary lu tho wishes of Ids lui her, who designed him for thu Church, left tho university of that town und set out for Cassel lu 18ÜU, with tho Intention of ttudyhtg under Rpolir. Nothing tu common being tumid botwooil muster and pupil, tlioy quickly separated ¡ und tho world might, have beard little or nothing of tho InUcr hud hu not lullen lu with i'ugiuibil, who wus thou making a tour in Ger s "^flMUiy. Attaoliliiiî lilnmelf lo this extraordinary mun, ho followéTW^u to I'uris iu tani. Vulllug to obtain thu mean» I of HvolihoortSyuMV, und having bonn plundered of ovorything ho possessed /iiro^Wli.rlil,_oveii ol' Ids violin, ho nt tempted to drown liltnvolf In Min Seine i'lhtH i'elntr ieseuvd mid restored to iiiilmntioii, lin eveiled tho Interest- ot' a Atoll Indy, who, fiiiieyliw shu t.'.n.'oil a likeness in him lo a son whom she lind Inst, gu vu liini tim friendly shelter of lier owV hom«, and pinned him lindum physician, by whoso euro hu \'iis speedily restored tn health. Thu most Inestliniiblo glft\ however, wllleh t ills newly- foimil patroness oonferiod upon n\m wus a (riiurnerliis' violin, with which, furnished fruit» roto sumo foitren with siilllulmil uiuaiis, lin started for Itu ly, it\thu ex- portation thill a siieuoïsl'iil uureor was iiiiiiicdiiitolv\iuforo bim. lLiviiitf Hiiddenly to depart fruin .Milan because i\' Ids political opinions, he botook himself to itolngnu, wliuro, \t a ooneuil, ho played two eoniposit lons ot' his own wltlu\ut oi'ülicslrid iiüjoinpaiilinoat, und wau vohoinontly upptuudcrd. Front Uologna. ho wont to Jíomo. Hero, however, lio did not have the opportunity ot' playing in iniblio. The s»uie fate I seemed to await lu ai ainu nt Nuples. Hu huclurrivod there lu the autumn of 1834, hut wus not heard till tho following j February, when ho pliiyud between tho auls ol' nicol's I A'oucetm h'iijaro, at tho JAmdo Theatre, a fantasia of Iiis own composition with orelie*tra! accompaniments. His reputa- tion being ut- last annie, he visited Palermo aili) Messina ; . and, having remained iisliurt liment Ka pies on his return, j next went to F oreuee, Chaton, mid Turin, and Mienen lo Purls and London. Jlaving, after this, I ru versed neal I j't lie wbolo ot'lCurope, Im went in ISM to America, remaining there for nearly two yours, mut playing in all rhu towns oí «oto und celebrity. Instead of going hack to Puris, ho niadu uu exclu- sion to Algiers iii ISIS, then visited tho south of Franco, and >ceiin:d ns If inclined .tu settle in Puris in 1S-17. After thu Preach revolution ot' ISIS, tho wandering mulila appeared to have nguiu fallen upon him ; for hu went to j Ilrus.su's, mid t hen tu Norway, with the iuteu t on of setting ' upa national theatre ut Horgan- a scheme which full through j because ol' ids having neglected certain formalities, lor i which he was molded in penalties somewhat ungenerously, I considering it was his birthplace. Tin's so iliígiisteil liiin ith.it hu Heil to Ger.-uuny, und soon afterwards nguiu erni-so I thu Atlantic to the Soutliern Stares of America. A Ct ur a timo tho whim seized him of founding u Scaiidliiavinii oolouv in . Pennsylvania; but this doubtless hus fallen through, simo tho lust time ho was heard of he had como bunk to Buropo. Although little oise than an inutnt..ir of Paganini, Ole Hull was a oliiiriuing violinist. His execution was brilliant, und his tono pure. i 'Die following relates to Sclmin inn's music and is far more genial than many of our author's I criticisms. At tho second I'ldlliurmoiiii! Society's Concert ol' Mils yeiir, au tit toni pl. wus mudo to obtain a fair hearing fin- some of Schumann's music: an overture, scherzo, and liuulu hoing introduced,only to ho *' received with the. almost dead silence of disapproval, and to l/u pronounced "ii display ot unat- tractive cacophony," whilst .thu pro diction was hu/. iruVrl, tint UMt many mon! experiments unintmsl this composer's works -had, because generally ugly, ami e.-isonLially meagre in «very form-would bc ventured in langland." Like numerous oilier similar pre.tietlons, thc result, simply of préjudice, this sweeping condemnation has nut been ent irely Von lied,although even op to this lime Stillmann's works uro not so fen era I ly accepted us they prutiahly tu.ty be in lb: future, '..'lint they will evcrtuko rame upon thu NUUK; level willi tho.-u of uo/.urt, licet hovell, or Mendelssohn, is by no means likely ; still, there is so numil originality ul' invention and cleverness nf const mo- tion, ami liisti'iliuèiilafioii, in them, p.rliculurlv lu Ids symphonies, th.it th!)' will assuredly hold their pound lu sidle of thu alisen'o of any rich or snstuinod llow of mo ody. Tho following will show our author in it rather waspish monti. The time'is 18f>l>-7 ; tho subject to bo vivisected Madama Schumann. Mdiiio. Schumann, who liuil appeared ut tho seeond cou cert, us well us nt lim second manm-n of thc Mitsind Union und proved herself lo he u pianiste uf the hilliest «Ins» with t tn-illiaiit, linger producing tho richest und must even tune, und IL facility uf execution that was only uiiiialled by her tunic und style, wus present on tliU occasion, nut uiiuuiiíst tho ai ul ¡euee, where her presence would have obtained for bur liotli respect and sympathy, but actually upon thu oreheslr/, ininu'ilintoly in front of th« conductor/to whom HIIO guvo from time to timo directions, which ho eoiiununicntod at second liiind to tho orchestra, und vocalists! If tlu lailyli.'i sell'wore HO de- void of good tiisfe us not to have perceived that site was entirely ont of plucj in this position, thu directors ut least ought tu lia va saved Imr from herself by insisting upon hui' absence. If they hud, however, requested lier presence, they were doubly culpable. Kruui this and various other circum- stances, il was impossible for either baud, principals, or chorus, to bo ut their ease. As fur the conductor, hu was milch more puzzled than complimented by nu interference that suggested incompetency ou ids part, und a positive inability to guide his forces without superior direction. There could bu no doubt of thc faut, that uot u single hearer carried away oue noto oí the muslo to which hu had boeu fjr several hours listouiug. Tho whole artair was as crude us it was extravagant, whimsical, and unintelligible, overloaded with caprice, and totally devoid of a ghost of a melody. Tho performance, under so immy disadvantages, wus, moreover, us indifferent as could wall bo conceived, lldmo. Liud-Goldselimldt's voice, worn and strained us it already was, seemed to bo moro fatigued und unequal thuu it had over beeu before ; and thus she wu» uuable to tight through " a part which demanded more powor in tho lower register than she could possibly impart to it." Tho other singers-Mdiucs. Weiss and Lookey, Messrs. Hen- son, Moutoui Smith, turd lawler-did all they possibly could with muslo us unsympathetic us ever had been written ; but, beaten ut tho outset, they ono und all weat through what wus sot down for them, correctly enough, but without a spurlc of animation, The coldness with which tho entire performance was rcceivod was fearfully disheartening ; but to no ono could it have been more distrossiug than to Wdtuo Schumann her- self, who could but bo awnro of " the disappointment uud aversion of tho audience, whilst she had to cudnia tho pain of witnessing a defeat" that wonld have been continued by tho most vehement demonstrations of derision, had not tho audi- ence been restrained by tho presence of lloyalty. During tho whole of thc season of 185Ö, Mdme. Behumntin continued ta bold tho very first position as a pianiste of the highest murk, being eiiKUgeil nt thc Now Philharmonic Society's concerts, us well us at thosa of thc older institution, thu .Musical Union, mid many other reunions, Al i ss Arabella Goddard was likewise conspicuously brought before thu public on her return from Germany, on whioli account comparisons between Aid me. Schumann and herself were unwisfly drawn, and with but a numil amount of fairness or consideration for either the one or Ibo other. The younger of tho two was rapidly rising into fame i the other had already fison. To huvo pitted them, therefore, against each other, whilst lt was most Injudicious, could hut causean amount of bitterness to arise, as painful its lt wus undesirable. Musical readers havo reason to bo grateful to Mr. Plancho for having published his Recollec- tions; for tho said recollections whilst they amuse tho reader tend to instruct him as to tho leading characteristics of tho world of art during the last half century, by supplying him with infor- mation which could scarcely bo obtained in n col- lected form from any other source. Amongst tho numerous exhibits in tho scientific department of thu recent Metropolitan Inhibition, a uotiuo of thu following escaped tho notieo of tho l'ress, viz., it southern eli cuinpolm stars doole, by G. Uutterlleld, uutlior of tho map of southern circumpolar shira. This was entered nuil catalogued at the society's Inhibition lust year, billowing to thu exhibitor's ixbsenco from tho eily during thoiixlilblt.inn, .wus withheld, Uuviiigilitnrned to Sydney lusr week, Mr, Huttuiiield tutu availed of the few days' continuation of tho .Exhibition, to submit tho clock for iuspecl.iun'by tho public, lt consists simply of tho circumpolar .slurs map, wil li u clock movement applied tollte, rotutin« dise eotitiiiiilng tho stilt's, causing thu planisphere lu revolve hi lliou.vuct Hmo iu which the stars themselves iippu'ently ruvolvo round tho polo. Hy this means their pnsllion is seen ut any timo, without (Ito necessity of limul adjustment, us with tho map. Tho dial is divided into twenty-four hours. Tho hour hand ruvolvos with tho diso «nco in twenty-three hours Ilfty-slx minutes four seconds-Hie timo elapsing between tho pussago ol'a star aoross tho iiicridliiiiund Itsrouppeiinmcaon tho meri- dian, tho invariable milt of astronomical timo, a sidurlnl day. Tito minuto hand ruvolvos ouco in owo hours, and, us in tho ordinary dook, traverses each m'irked di vision on tho dial hi live minutes. When in motion, tho clonk shows thc month, tho day, tho hour, tho minute, rho position ot' tho atroiiuipoliir stars ; unit on tho diso itsolf, nt tho point of tho hour bund, nitty bo read afr? the riirlit ascension of thu sun and the conation of time, Tho exhibitor wus induced to' intike this Improvement on lils ovtiriiiui Invention of 1870 upon being requested by tho New South Wales Com iiilHiionurs of the London Kxhlbitlon to for- ward a copy tn Loudon. This w.ts accordingly dono, and also tho clock constructed in time to accompany t he ump. Owing lo the causo already mentioned, this Is tho Hist np pearaneu of thoelouk in tho colony, Thu map luis I icen ex- hibited beforo, und llthugriiplilu copies published; but, In order to furnish full inforiiiutlon, to enable visitors to tho Ex . htbltlon to uiulerstiiiid Uri clock, a oopy ot tito map, with description,uoeoinimtiloB thu cluck. Tho Joachim trial if» to como off nt Deniliquin on 1'Yldny next, Tho Deniliquin Chronicle Hives thooeutipuliou ol tho Individuals from whom tho speohd Jury will boeliiisen to try thu euNU. They um ns follows i Bevon tqtiutlovs, four miiu'iigoi'H for squatters, two stook agents, one accountant, und two newspaper proprietors, 