PAOTS, FUN & FICTION. The linsuLT op Advertising. — Tho re sults) achieved by advertising ure wonderful. You never see u man who has commenced ad vertising in real earnest Inavn oft'. It is only by putting his claims prominently aud persis tently before the public thut -m advertiser cun doiful things done, by advertisements, but cannot say that, so striking an instance of the power of tin advertisement ever came under our notice, us tho following. The American papi't1 from which we quote says: — 'A family in Floiida lost their little boy, and advertised for him in a daily paper. That very afternoon an alligator crawled up out of the swump and died on tho frnut door-step. In bin stomach were found a handful of red hair, some bone buttons, u pair of boot-heels, a glass alley, a pair of check pants, a paper collar, aud the newspaper containing the advertisement. Of course tho announcement did it. 'Bulls.' — These ' bulls' are not nil of Irish origin. It was tho mayor of a Portugueso city who once enumerated, among tho marks by which tho body of a drowned man might be identified, ' a marked impediment in his speech.' Genoral Taylor was made ridiculous for attmc by tho ssntonco which occurred near tho boginning of his message sent to tho Thirty-first Congress, December, 18d9, as follows : — ' We are at peaco with all tho world, and seek to maintain our cherished relations of amity with tho rest of mankind.' But Mr. Buchanan almost matched iv ill M a|'i-bviu iriuwu no iiiuuu uv VHV WUUIU| 111 which ho said — ' I do believe, gentlemen, that mankind, as well as tho pcoplo of tho United States, are interested in the preservation of this Union ;' and John C. Culhoun, commenting on the elause in the Declaration of Independence, to tho efl'ect that all men wero created equal, remarked, that ' Only two men wero created, and ono of these was a woman !' Josh. Billings speaks of snails thus : — ' In some forrin parts thoy nro et for food, but it would take a great deal ov peppcrsass to locate them in mi stummuck and. keep them thare. Tho soft snail iz a slippery cuss, frco from bones, and slo gaitcd, travcljing about six inches in a cool day, and makes its homo whero things are damp. They are ov a sweet disposition, and don't git mad and tare up tho morning paper if things don't happen to bo jist so. They liv on what would othcrwiso be wasted, whioh speaks well for the ckoncmy'ov the snail. Tho hard shell-snail seldom leaves home, and whoa they do, they don't lock up tkc house and put tho key under the doormat, but take thoir nouses with thorn on their backs. Thorc is no house big cnuff for two suails ; the snails understand this, and don't tako ennybody tow board with them and- kick up musses. Awl animals are sound on this identical goose ; thoy don't never bild a a houso that thoy tant fill. A Gentlo Hint.— It is said of tho Rov. Mr. Robinson, of Cambridge ('Robert Hall's prede cessor), that being asked to tako part in the ordination of a young minister, ho thought ho saw certain tendencies to foppery, and among others a strong disposition to oxhibtt a brilliant hand. In the course of his charge he gave him this hint : — ' My young friend, as a Christian minister you must consider yourself as a mero servant, occupied in holding up to visitors some masterpiece of protrait painting. All that you should desiro to do is to exhibit it in the beat light, and with as little intrusion of yourself as possible. You will be anxious to bo entirely hidden bohind tho picturo-frame. As you hold it up, you will not allow even a little finger to bo seen. It is related as an amusing incident that a darkey had fell from a window, a distance of fifteen feet, lighting with his head on tho flag stono of a sidewalk, in the town of Linchburg, Ya. One of tho flags was shivered, and it was supposed the boy was killed. Several persons who heard tho concussion repaired at once to tho spot. The darkey was on his foet before thoy fairly reached him, with n broad grin over spreading his countenance. ' Dem stonos,' ho said, ' if they don't want to get hurt, must keep out of dis nigger's way,1 Why is a piR with a twisted tail liko tho ghost in Hamlet ?— Because it could a tail unfold. . What is it that nobody wants, yet nobody likes to lose ? — A lawsuit. ( _ . A Young man generally gives a 'lock of his hair to his sweetheart before he marries her. After marriage she sometimes helps herself — and don't uso scissors. While on parochial matters, I must not for get tho story of Churchwarden Jenkins, who once proposed that the church music should bo improved by introducing ' a baboon ! repeated tho rector, in dismay.. ' Yes, sit, n baboon is a wonderful help to the singers in the gnllcry — it encourages them to sing out. The rector could never tell the story without laughing, A Yoxssd ladj' in America, while going to her wedding on tho 25th ult., was thrown from tho carriage and broke her leg* It was proposed to take her to a physiciuu and have tho limb sot, but she refused, saying that she was going to be married first. And, as usual she hnd liar way An Irishman having accidentally broken a pane of glass in a window of a house, was mak ing the best of bis way to get out of sight, but, unfortunately for Pat, tho proprietor stole a iutiii;ji uii iiiui, null llil- iil^ m.iAi.1* nun i-j mi? collar, exclaimed, ' You hroko my window, fel low ! did you not?' — 'To be sure I did,' said Pat ; ' and didn't you seo me running homo for money to pny for it ?' A Pkotkstaxt Cow. — Paddy 'Murphy and his wife Bridget, after many years of hard labour in ditching aud washing, had accumulated a sullicicncy to warrant thorn in purchasing a cow (ot course they had pigs), which they did ? at the first opportunity. As it was bought of a Protestant neighbour, Paddy stopped on his homo at the house of the priest, and procured a bottle of holy water with which to exorcise the falso faith out of her. 'Isn't she afoine crea i-uro ?' asked Put of tho admiring Bridget. ' Jest hould her. till I lix the shod. To save the precious fluid from harm, he took it; into the houso and sot it up in a cupboard until ho had ' fixed ' things. Then he returned and brought tho bottlo back aguin, und while Bridget was holding tho rope, proceeded to pour it upon her back. But poor Paddy had made a slight mis take. Standing within tho same closot was a bottle of aquafortis, that had been procured for a different purpose, and as it dropped) upon the back of tho poor cow, and tho hair began to smoke and the flesh to burn, sho exhibited decided appcuranccs of restlessness. ' Pour on more, Paddy,' shouted Bridget, as she tugged at the rope. ' I'll give hor enough now,' quoth Paddy, and ho emptied the bottle. Up went the heels ol the cow, down went her head, over went Bridget and a half-dozen of tho ' childers,' and away dashed tho infuriated bovine down tho street, to tho terror of all tho mothers and tho dolight of all the dogs. Poor Paddy stood for a moment breathless with astonishment, then clapping his hands upon his hips looked sorrow fully and exclaimed, ' Bo jabbers, Bridget, but isn't the Protestant strong in tho baste ?' 