AN AM08EHENT CATEEEB8 BXFEBIENCEB OF AFRICA AND THE CAFE DIAMOND FIELDS By the mail steamer EUora I received the following interesting letter from Mr. Harry Stanley, who is travelling with- Mr. J. C. Ramer's popular panorama of the American war. Writing from De Beer's New Bosh, Cape Diamond Fields, he says:—"In my last I told you that I was in full work. The business has been excellent, and is improving, and from all appearances I am sure I shall make over £3,000 clear in two months. The prices of admission are 7s. 6d. and 5s., and people part with their money freely. The Christy Minstrels have closed, and intend Bhortly to return to Port Elizabeth and Cape Town, en route for the Mauritius and India. Louis Braham has made him* self a great favourite here, and is much liked. The minstrels are a very good com pany, hut Ned Harvey, as corner man, is a failure. Thete is now performing a 'ghost' entertainment and being the first of the kind on the field, is doing very well, bat there is not sufficient variety in it to last long. My travels on the road were such as I trust I shall never , have to experience again, and if any one has the pluck and determination to come to this place with a show, he deserves, all he can make. On my opening night Itook a few pounds short of a hundred. The pano rama was a great success, but the expense of travelling with it is immense, as you can only press oxen into the service, and, of course, their progress is very slow. The poor animals were continually dying off, and necessitating the purchase of fresh ones. To do my last 40 miles to this rush I engaged a Dutch farmer to bring the things on, leaving my cattle to rest and improve, so that I may have them fresh when I start back. I am glad I speculated in .cattle and waggons, otherwise the charges would have been enormous. It will cost the Christy's over £100 to get to Port Elizabeth, and they have not one quarter the stuff to move about that I have, when I have done the fields I shall return to Natal by another route—through the Boer and Dutch back settlements—as there is a fearful disease amongst cattle on the main road; and travellers who have just come in say that the country is strewn with thousands of carcasses of oxen. It is very rough and uncomfortable here— the noise and dust most horrible; the former from the throats of hundreds of Kaffirs, and the latter blowing up by the bushel. The climate is most trying. Thirst is keenly felt, and the public-houses or canteens drive a roaring trade. Every thing is covered with dust, and the mor tality amongst the whites is of such propor tions as to excite the serious apprehensions of the Government authorities. The disease is a kind of slow fever, and is called here the diamond fever, as it is generally supposed it is brought on through working in the mines. At the present we are in the spring tinie of the year, which, by these who nave been here some tame, is considered the most pleasant The seasons may be put down thns:—Spring—AugustSeptember, October; summer—November, December, January; autumn—February, March, April; winter May, June, July. This present spring weather is bearable enough; pretty hot during the day, sometimes oppressively so; a good many cold nights and' mornings, now and then a slight frost; plenty of gales of wind and dust, ana very little nun or storms. Everything is very dear, and the meat very coarse and tougt Vegetables are hardly obtainable : a e-sized cabbage will cost from 15s. moderate-i _ _ to £1, other things equally exorbitant; but as I am making a lot of money I manage to put up with all the inconveniences or the country. As to the general health of the district, it is good, except in summer, when I am told fever, diarrhoea, dysentery, colic, inflamma tion of the lungs, and a mild form of scurvy consequent on the scarcity of vegetables be come veiy prevalent. Many deaths even now result from intemperance, owing to the heat and dryness of the weather and climate causing incessant thirst The great tempta tions field out by innummerable low beer shop keepers, and a total absence of all restraint, lead to heavy libations, and a man who drinks is totally lost on the fields. I have been told of many of good connexions who might have gone nome in a year or two with health and wealth, who now ue in name less graves, having killed themselves by hard drinking, which iB totally incompatible with this fearful dusty and hot climate. I am happy to say that all the men connected with me axe keeping themselves very steady, but look forward to the happy time when they shall leave this for more civilised por tions of the earth. I think my stay in Africa will extend over some 12 months more, as I can see in this country a Tom Tidler'B ground waiting for me to pick up trom it gold and silver. CALL BOY. 