A Ghost Stsry. "From time to time we have received," states the "Shoalhaven News" of a recent date, "startling intelligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some ef whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Wi"iams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, hisfaithfnl watch- ยง driven mad, and his whole household routed a thrown into the greatest consternation by the *PPearance of an apparition. On Tuesday night * illiam's family were starded by what seemed o be a man walking up and down the verandah with heary-nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder ; but finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all 'locks, bolts, and bars,* entered the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where .Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bedclothes off the bed and lay down beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he pnt out his hand to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a crosscut saw standing, which it sounded several times, as if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time, his gliostship departed. Williams avers that he has heard and seen this strange visitor spveral times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at his bouse and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman well-known in this district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, siw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a Manilla hat on, dressed in moleskin trousers and a blue guernsey shirt, carryiug an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted, found that the supposed mai was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old lif nds of the district that one of two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago." 