Local and General News. THE WEATHER:— We have no change to report in the weather since our last issue, except that an exceedingly violent gale from the west disturbed the serenity of our towns- people, and raised a considerable amount of dust on Monday last. THE CONCERT.— We would again remind our readers that the concert, of which we have made mention in previous issues, will be held in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow night. We hope that the atten- dance will be such as to tend greatly to encourage the development of the amateur musical talent in our town. We have no doubt a very pleasant evening is in store for all who intend to patronize this entertain- ment. The performers are certainly at some little disadvantage, on account of the recent visit of the accomplished Carandini com- pany, and to forestall any undue criticism which might otherwise be passed upon the efforts of these amateurs, we beg for them that consideration to which no one will deny they are justly entitled. And here it might be well to observe that the principal reason why, in Singleton, as in other towns, amateurs are so backward in facing an audience composed of their fellow towns- people, is to be found in this very fact, that the notion is so widely entertained that as soon one has the audacity (as some believe it to be) to appear on a public stage, they at once become the fitting objects for wholesale cri- ticism, and comparison with those whose life business it is to do little more than is ex- pected of these unfortunate amateurs. LECTURE.— Those who wish to hear what will no doubt be a very interesting lecture, in connection with the Missions in the Islands of the Pacific, are reminded that the Rev. W. J. R. Stephinson will deliver a lecture on this subject, this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute. BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.— The report of the Benevolent Asylum for the past week shows that the number of patients in the house has not altered from the previous week, viz., 17, none having been admitted, nor any discharged. The Committee desire to re- turn their sincere thanks to Mr. Fox, for a present of two pigs to the Institution, and to Mr. J. Moore, for a large donation of tobacco for the use of the patients. THE VOLUNTEERS.— A parade of the Sin- gleton Volunteers took place last night, and the town was enlivened for about an hour by the performance of the band, which dis- coursed sundry sweet airs during the evolu- tions of the company. An advertisement in another column announces that Major Bolton will be present at a parade, which will be held on Tuesday next, the 29th instant. STOCK MOVEMENTS.— The stock move- ments at Jerry's Plains for the week ending on 21st September, have been as follows:— September 15, 156 fat cattle from Turanville (Scone) to Sydney; owner, Mr. Thomas Cook; in charge of Mr. David Brown. 1500 fat sheep, the property of Mr. Moseley, en route to Sydney; in charge of Mr. Robert Mitchell. September 17, 100 fat cows from Gullendaddy to Sydney; owners, Messrs. York; in charge of Mr. T. Chalker. Sep- tember 18, 200 fat bullocks, from Muswell- brook to Newcastle; owners, Messrs. W. and E. Bowman; in charge of J. Bellamy. September 21, 85 fat cattle from West Mooki to Maitland; owner, Mr. Richard Binnie; in charge of T. Considine. SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT THE RAILWAY STATION.— Anticipating the arrival of the down train from Murrurundi on Sunday afternoon it is usual for a number of persons, to congregate at the railway station, and as one attracts another, the attendance on favorable afternoons is sometimes very large. List Sunday an additional attraction drew a more than ordinary number. The Circus company, with their horses and all their belongings, were making the necessary arrangements for their removal to Maitland, and the placing of their numerous vehicles on trucks, and their horses in carriages, was no doubt an unusual sight for such a time. The train was rather later than usual in reaching Singleton, but even then the above luggage was not quite ready, and a further delay occurred. The train was about to leave the station, a quarter of an hour behind time, when the idea suggested itself that one of the covered vans was too high to pass under the bridge at Faulkner, and on being measured, such was found to be the case, consequently the truck had to be removed from the train, and at last, twenty- five minutes after its proper time the train, consisting of about fourteen carriages and trucks, sped on its way, leaving a few at the station to speculate, on the consequences which might have followed had this van not been removed from the train. In the opinion of one or two the Circus proprietors may have had a little bill to place before the Government not quite so attractive as those which they are in the habit of providing for the public. When, however, it comes to a question as to what might have happened, we may be pardoned for wondering whether the world would have continued its ordinary course had these prudent people never been disgraced by being brought into it. A TREE OF THE PAST.— A few days ago a sawyer plying his trade near the Razor- back mountain, about thirty miles from Singleton, came upon the trunk of an immense tree, six feet in thickness, and which when whole must have been fully 65 feet long, without including the branches. Part of the log had been burned away, but sufficient remained of it to promise the lucky finder something like a sum of £17 for cutting it up. The remains of what must once have been a giant tree, when found were hidden by a growth of underwood, and are supposed to have lain there for generations. It is more that twenty years since cedar was sought for on that side of the mountain where this fallen monarch of the species was discovered. NEW BRIDGE AT WARRI.— Mr. E. Greville, M. L. A., left Sydney on Monday for Braid- wood; where, by the unanimous wishes of his constituents in that electorate, he will open the new bridge at Warri over the Shoalhaven River on Wednesday next. This public work is regarded to be no important in the district, more especially as it will tend to ensure con- stant mail communication with Sydney; that a public demonstration of satisfaction has been determined upon, an energetic commit- tee having been appointed to carry out the arrangements. Mr. Greville will also be in- vited to a public banquet at Araluen. "JOURNALISTIC ENTERPRISE."— Under the above heading we find the following complimentary notice in the Glen Innes Guardian:— "Amongst our exchanges we are in receipt of a newspaper called the Singleton Argus, and by reference to the im- print we notice that it is published by Mr. T. B. Boyce (proprietor of the Murrurundi Times), in conjunction with Mr. Pinchin. The name of the first- named gentleman is a suffici- ent announcement that the paper is acreditable production. So sanguine are the proprietors of success in their locale, that they announce a bi-weekly issue in another week or so. We wish them all success, and congratulate the Singletonians upon the possession of a paper under such an able conductorship as that of Messrs. Boyce and Pinchin." THEN AND NOW.— One of our (Pastoral Times) staff met in Melbourne the other day a man who witnessed the first dray-load of wool that was ever passed through Mel- bourne for shipment. It is now more than thirty years ago, and Melbourne people were then jubilant. They employed a fiddler to play "See the conquering hero comes" before the dray as it passed slowly along, drawn by a dozen bullocks. Messrs. Golds- brough's wool stores now hold upwards of 50,000 bales at a time. Occasionally these enormous premises are hardly large enough to hold the wool consigned for shipment to this eminent firm, and there are several other huge wool depots in Melbourne. THE CIRCUS.— The Grand United Circus Company arrived in Singleton on Saturday morning, and erected their large marquee on the reserve near the gaol. At night they performed to a very fair house. Although the front seats (if any part of a circle can be called the front) were not very well filled, the opposite side of "the house" may be said to have been packed, and al- together we suppose about three hundred persons witnessed those deeds of daring, in which the members of the company seem so much at home. The horses, which are all of a very high order, were shown off to advan- tage by their excellent riders, and their obedience and sagacity show them to have been well and carefully trained. The various feats attempted by the athletes, such aa somersault throwing, and tumbling, were most cleverly performed, especially those of Mr. Jones. This son of Hercules, notwith- standing his aldermanic proportions, is as agile as almost any of his confrerés. His evolutions seem to possess especial interest for on-lookers, and his exhibitions of strength are surprising. Amongst others we may mention his holding two of the biggest of his fellows in an inverted position, one under each arm, of his standing stock still while they mount one on the other on his shoulders, and of his allowing one of them to jump from the shoulders of the other on to his own, a distance of three or four yards, without appearing to feel the shock. The clown of course was a noticeable feature of the enter- tainment, being at odds with everybody, a worthy disciple of Ishmael, with a plentiful supply of humour in his composition. The performances concluded with yet another imitation of Turpin's everlasting "Ride to York," a ride which the retiring outlaw would surely never have taken had he had the remotest suspicion that this exploit would have condemned him to continue to ride for the delectation of the public in all ages. In these spiritualistic days we are inclined to speculate on the possibility of another wonder being added to attractions of the ring, in the shape of the departed Turpin's ghost, arisen to protest against the heartless disturbers of his much required rest. It was announced that the company would return to Singleton in about twelve months. NOT SO VERDANT.— Ægles. of the Aus- tralasian says:— In a township on the Mur- rumbidgee, somewhere between Booligal and Deniliquin, there is a considerable stock and station agent — considerable in every way. I suppose he had been making good sales lately, and being naturally genial he celebrated his success by entertaining a large party of bucolic friends with the choicest vintages. In the full flow of enjoyment he did not, however, forget the main chance.. Taking aside an innocent-looking young scion of a squatting firm, he whispered, "Touching those rams I was speaking to you about — I happen to have a sample of the fleece with mc now." Producing an envelope, he drew from it a fine silky specimen of wool, devoid of yolk and white as snow. "What do you think of that, my boy?" What do I think?" said young Greenhorn. "I think it's a nice sample to come from a pet wether. You can't cram it into me as ram's wool." FREAKS OF A LUNATIC.— A man, whose name is unknown, and who, it is believed, is a lunatic escaped from the Yarra Bend Asylum, has been frightening women and children at Hawthorn and the neighbourhood by going about enveloped in a sheet and per- sonating a ghost. One young girl (says the Telegraph) named Brookfield, a servant, was so frightened by his antics and appearance, that she had a succession of fits, and had to be sent home. The man has since then, it is said, been found drowned in a waterhole at Boroondara. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.— The Orange cor- respondent of the Evening Post, says:— I regret that I have this time the sad news to chronicle that a Mr. Jackson, of this town, attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat. He is the contractor of the new police barracks, and it is said that disappoint- ment in not being able to complete the work, drove him to the awful act. Under the care of Dr. Warren, he is recovering, although the windpipe was entirely dissevered. TRIALS IN PRIVATE.— The Inspector of Weights and Measures yesterday applied to the Justices sitting in the summons court room of the Central Police Office, that a case in which he was prosecutor might be heard in the Police Magistrate's room, where Justices were in attendance. Mr. Oatley said that the hearing of cases in Captain Scott's room was a very objectionable practice, and one to which he would not give his assent. Mr. Mitchelson said that his only object in making the application was to promote public convenience, for that while he was attending the Court his office was closed; and as there were two justices in the private room ready to hear it, he thought that the sitting magis- trates would offer no objection. Mr. Hill said that, under the circumstances, he thought no harm could come of yielding to Mr. Mitchelson's application. Mr. Oatley said that, in yielding to his brother magistrate in this case, he hoped it would not be after- wards cited as a precedent against him; for in his opinion it was a course open to many objections, not the least of which was the comparative privacy of the trial, the publicity of the proceedings being to such persons as use fraudulent weights the greatest part of the punishment. The papers were then sent in, and the case was heard before the Police Magistrate, and Mr. John W. Smart.— Herald, Sept. 18. THE RUMOURED PARTITION OF AUS- TRIA.— When peace is most profound war is imminent. There was a vague rumour that Russia and Germany intended to divide Austria between them; it is possible, but not probable. If anything, however, could give colour to such a report it is the fact that at a State banquet in honour of the Grand Duke Constantino Nicoiaicwitch, in Vienna, the Emperior of Austria proposed a toast to his dear friend the Emperor of Russia, to the Russian Army, the Russian Navy and its High Admiral. The Grand Duke, in concluding his speech of thanks, prayed God to save and protect the Emperor Francis Joseph and his faithful army. Germany and Russia will preserve the Austrian Empire.— Herald, Sept 21. DEATH OF MR. OTTO BALDWIN.— On Sun- day we lost another of the very old residents of West Maitland, Mr. Otto Baldwin. When the Mercury was established, in 1843, Mr. Baldwin was one of a number of energetic young men, who took a part in discussing, public affairs, but seldom appeared as public speakers. But for a number of years Mr. Baldwin had retired from all public dis- plays, and was best known as a wealthy squatter, a steady and energetic improver of his fine herd of cattle, and still as of old, an ardent horse- breeder of blood stock of high character.— Mercury, Sept. 21. COMPULSORY EDUCATION.— The compul- sory clauses of the Educational Act of Vic- toria are being rigidly enforced by the Board of Advice at Williamstown (says the Argus). Acting under the instructions of the local Board, the police on Friday summoned four- teen persons to the Police Court for not send- ing children to school for sixty days, during the first six months of this year, as the Act requires. The offence was admitted in nearly every instance, and with two exceptions the defendants, were fined in small sums of 2s. 6d., with 2s. 6d. costs. Two of the summonses were dismissed, one boy being above the age affected by the Act, and in the other instance the child was proved to have been sick for nearly the whole half-year. In the former case the parent applied for costs when the case was dismissed, but he was informed that the Act made no provision for their pay- ment. THE KEMBLA.— This steamer (says the Chronicle) left Newcastle on Thursday night at eleven o'clock, and reached Port Jackson at five yesterday morning. At ten minutes past five she tan on the point of Bradley's Head, there being a dense fog at the time. The Kembla had to remain in that position till flood tide, when she was towed off by the Mystery to the Patent Slip Wharf, where she discharged her cargo, and commenced taking her return load. After the cargo was out, the surveyor, Mr. Broderick, came on board, and examined the fore-hold, but found only two inches of water, which had been there for some time. There were above forty pas- sengers ready to embark for Newcastle, but the surveyor declined to clear the Kembla with passengers, and she was compelled to bring cargo only. She reached Newcastle at ten minutes past seven last evening, and left for Sydney again at eleven. MINERS' GRIEVANCES AT HILL END.— A deputation waited on the Hon. R. P. Abbott, Minister for Mines, this morning, to present a petition from 700 miners of Hill End for the redress of certain grievances. John Hurley, Esq., M.P., member for Central Cumberland, introduced the deputation, and presented the petition. He explained that the objects sought were: (1), expeditious issue of the leases; (2), the fulfilment of the labour conditions; and (3), the appointment of a Warden for Hill End. The Hon. R. P. Abbott said that the delay occurred under the old system. Leases were being prepared as rapidly as possible, and by the time His Excellency the Governor returned, between 2000 and 3000 leases would be ready for signature. In regard to the labour con- ditions, he would see that inspectors were appointed to have these carried out. So Soon as the districts were re-arranged, a warden would be appointed that could have complete supervision of the Hill End gold- field. After some further discussion, Mr. Hurley thanked the minister, and the deputation withdrew. SINGLETON CORRESPONDNECE.— A corres- pondent writing from Singleton to the evening News, states:— I think that the long winter is a bad omen, and that we most look out for a dry summer. We are now in the middle of September and very little spring in the grass; nothing to be seen green but trefoil, and the stock after passing through such a severe winter, greedily eat it, and all ends in "hoves." There has been a goodly number lost in this way, but it is nothing compared to the ravages of pleuro, which has broken out in the Charlton herd, and the loss there is very considerable: Mr. Cobcroft having lost about 20 of his pedigree stock besides others of inferior quality, and other persons are suffering to an equal extent. A great number of our residents are leaving for up-country to obtain employment at sheep washing and shearing, which will be general about the end of the present month. 