The Sea Serpent. (Daily Telegraph, November 14) LIKE Guy Fawkes, and the Cambridge Senior Wrangler, and Jack-in-the-Green, and the City Marshal on horseback in all the pomp and cir- cumstance of his full uniform, our old friend the Great Sea Serpent is one of those many things that come only once a year, but that yet appear as unerringly as April brings the cuckoo and November the sprat. This season, for a wonder, the gigantic monster has been a little overdue. In the year of grace 1872 we heard of him as early as the 1st of September; upon which eventful day news reached us that he had con- descended to display his vast proportions some- where off the coast of Inverness to "'a gentleman of intelligent observation and accuracy," who was accompanied by "his friend, the Rev. Mr. ---, of Kent, his two daughters, a young man, his grandson, and a ser- vant lad." September has passed, and crisp October with it, and it is not until November that we have once again tidings, leaving no doubt that our colossal pet is in his accustomed health and good spirits. The evidence is, it is true, of that hearsay kind which so vexes the soul of lawyers, but it none the less forms a sufficiently complete and circumstantial chain of testimony. Mr. Francis Francis, of piscatorial celebrity, has heard from a certain Dr. Maynard, at present residing at Twickenham, that he (Dr. May- nard) has heard from a certain Rev. J. A. Joass, of Golspie, "a very scientific man, and an eminent archaeologist," that he has seen thc Great Sea Serpent with his own eyes. It seems that, in the first place, "two ladies from Dunrobin" were driving near Lochbeg, and that, looking seaward, the one said to the other, "Surely that is the Great Sea Serpent;" to which the other replied, "Yes, or else sea- weed." Next morning a Dr. Souttar, who "is not a man of a credulous turn of mind," went for his matutinal dip, and saw a creature, appa- rently forty or fifty feet long, rushing about near the shore and raising a neck almost four feel above the water. He returned to breakfast a sadder and a wiser man. "If," said he to his family across the scones and the tea -- "if I believed in sea serpents, I should say I had seen one this morning." Next day, however, all doubt was at an end. "It was noon," writes the Rev. Mr. Joass, commencing in the true epic style -- "it was noon, on a clear sea, when I saw through a glass, about half a mile out, a floating object, which was certainly part of some beast dead or basking. lt drifted along with the tide, and suddenly disappeared near the curing shed. At no time did it raise itself higher than when first seen. Color brown and light yellow. Apparent size of portion seen, about eight or ten feet." We venture to think that after this the existence of the Great Sea Serpent will no longer even to the must sceptical be matter of doubt. The evidence is really overwhelming. Mr. Francis Francis tells us that he has been told by Dr. Maynard that he, Dr. Maynard, has been told by the Rev. Mr. Joass, that he, the Rev. Mr. Joass, has heard that a certain Dr. Souttar has said to his family, "If I believed in sea serpents, I should say I had seen one this morning." And, as if this were not in itself enough, "two ladies from Dunrobin" have beheld an object which one of them takes to be the Great Sea Serpent, and the other to be seaweed; while the Rev. Mr. Joass has seen "a floating object," which was cer- tainly part of some sort of beast, and conse- quently must have been part of the great monster itself. The Great Sea Serpent is, after all, a little too hardly treated. We are a thought too sceptical about him -- too prone to test the evidence as to his existence by the strict rules of Nisi Prins. If evidence is to go for anything -- and in these days of universal doubt it goes for very little indeed -- the mass of concurrent testimony in favor of the big beast is simply irresistible. He has been seen over and over again by trustworthy witnesses -- tough old sea dogs, who have gone down to the sea in ships and occu- pied their business in great waters, and to whom every object that floats is familiar, from a school of porpoises to a "Portugee" man-of-war, and from a busking shark to a drift of gulf-weed. And yet these nautical experts are "all of a tale." They have all seen the monster. They give the same account of him. Hans Egede, the old Greenland missionary, tells us that he beheld the brute raise itself so high out of the water that its head reached above the maintop, while its tail was a whole ship's length from its head. Pontoppidan, Bishop of Bergen, never saw the beast itself; but, on the other hand, he never, in the whole course of his experience, met any one who had not seen it. Sir Lawrence de Ferny, Commander of Bergen, not only saw the creature, but shot at and wounded it. The inconsiderate act appears to have driven it away from its favorite haunts in the wild Norwegian Fjords; for, in 1833, we find the monster disporting itself off Halifax, where it was seen by three officers of the English Rifle Brigade -- Cap- tain Sullivan, Lieutenant Maclachlan, and Ensign Malcolm. It had then increased in bulk to between eighty and a hundred feet in length, and its neck was as thick as the bole of a moderately sized tree. Not until 1848, however, did it again condescend to put in an appearance, and it had, we find, in the interval marvellously grown. The fortunate spectators on that occasion were the officers and crew of H.M.S. Daedalus, Captain Peter M'Quhae. "It passed," the gallant captain as- sures us, "so close under our lee quarter that had it been a man of my acquaintance, I could have recognised his features with the naked eye. There were at least sixty feet of the leviathan ajleitr d'eau, and so illimitable was its bulk that no portion of the apparent length was used in propelling it through the water." Now it ob- viously will not do to put all this evidence down as naught. The "two ladies from Dunrobin," of whom the one thought she saw the Sea Ser- pent, the other thought she saw a mass of floating seaweed, are not, we may grant, wit- nesses of the first class. But the testimony of such men as Egede on the one hand, and Cap- tain M'Quhae on the other, of Sir Lawrence de Ferny and of Captain Sullivan, is unimpeachable. That they all saw what they tell us they saw there can be no matter of doubt; and they all state that they saw, not a serpent, but a huge brute with a big body, a long neck, a head and mane like those of a horse, a pair of erectile ears, a long tail, and gigantic pectoral fins or flappers, by the aid of which it cut its way through the water, ever and anon rising its hideous head and maned neck above the surface, opening its huge jaws, and gazing this way and that in quest of prey, with lurid and bloodshot eye. It may be admitted that there is prima facie no case whatever against the Sea Serpent. Hidden in the bosom of the vast deep are "living things innumerable, both small and great beasts." The prima facie presumption against the existence of whales would be irresistible. Whales, however, exist beyond all controversy. And as no one has ever yet pretended to have seen a Sea Serpent as bulky as a whale, the argument that the Great Sea Serpent is "too big to be true," may be safely abandoned for what it is worth. There is, as we have pointed out, a certain unani- mity in the accounts which come to us -- a general consent of all the witnesses -- which is in itself evidence to their veracity. Thc description given of the creature is that of some monstrous lizard, of the presumably extinct plesiosaurus type. It is true that "dragons of the slime" of this class are believed by geologists to have altogether dis- appeared many centuries ago. But, it is urged, the Challenger has brought up from ocean's lowest depths specimens of life which were commonly supposed to have passed away count- less eons before plesiosaur and ichthyosaur paddled in the murky ooze, and pterodactyl flitted across the sombre sky. On the other hand, the sceptics point out that the positive evidence in favor of the monster -- as distin- guished from presumptive merely -- is very slight. A serpent a mile long, we are significantly re- minded, has been seen several times this year, by witnesses of unimpeachable veracity, between the little villages of Lexington and Washington, in the State of Illinois; the misfortune is that the good people of Lexington buy their whisky in Washington, and that the serpent has never yet been seen, except on the return journey. We have, as Professor Owen reminds us, entire skeletons of whale and ichthyosaur, of mastodon and mam- moth, of plesiosaur and pterodactyls; of the dodo we have the beak and foot; of the enor- mous moa, the extinct bird of New Zealand, the thigh-bone, and other parts, of the bony column of the leg. Of the Great Sea Serpent we have not a vertebra, not so much even as a stray tooth or a cast-off scale. The beast may exist, or he may not; it is idle to pronounce dogmatically either way. Coleridge, when asked if he believed in ghosts, replied frankly that "he didn't; he had seen too many of them." We cannot say this much of sea serpents. The visits of the Great Sea Serpent are, like those of angels, few and far between. What is most noticeable about the creature is that he takes especial care to show himself when the political machine is out of working order, and gooseberries reach their maximum development; that, with all the way- wardness of a jack-in-the-box, he will never do much more than pop his head out of the water and pop it under again, having apparently an inveterate objection to revealing himself in all the full glory of his true proportions; that he has often been shot at, but has not yet been killed; and that we have never yet had vouchsafed to us any such indisputable proof of his existence as is furnished by the thigh-bone of the lion, the tusk of the mammoth, and the footprints of the laby- rinthidon, to the existence of those now extinct "monsters of the prime." But when we have said this we have exhausted all that scientific scepticism has to say. Tomorrow the huge body of the brute, floating many a rod, may drift towards our coast, a lifeless mass, or the sea may wash up some bleached vertebra, telling its tale of a spinal column as much larger than a whale's as a whale's is larger than a dolphin's; or the drag- net of the Challenger may bring up from the deep, not, perhaps, the monster himself, but fresh fragments of him -- scale, or tusk, or slough of cast skin. This much is certain: that there is no popular belief altogether devoid of founda- thin; and that to this day the Norwegian fisher- man never puts out upon any of the Fjords at night without a "sneaking" fear lest the hideous dragon -- for dragon he is, rather than serpent -- may cross the path of his sharp- prowed, white-sailed little skiff. A n.ut.lltuii guard, after twenty year's ex purionco, concludes that ho hail- ratlier'attunil to thu wants of 'Jii,0Ul) moil pnssungers than have .mu limo lorn fcinulu iu his train. Tiikiiu is a story going about just now that a. limn in Ireland hud au old rooster so tough that ho crowed utter he hud- been boiled two hours', nnd then, being put iiito a pot with potatoes', kicked thom all out. Tm: ruling passion strong in death was eliuructeristicnlly illustrated mi thu occiision of & clergy u in n's prayer foi- a dying, tollman. Tho poor luau hud not many hours to live, uud tho clergyman wns in thc middle nf His prayer. " Whist a woo," said thu tollman, " 1 think 1 heaj, n cairt." " How tlitl it happen that your housu was not blown away by thut hurricane lust week j" nuked! ii scientific observer, who wns following up the track of n tornado, nt ii fanner, whose house lay right, in tho line of (le.strucli.ui. " I don't know," replied tho fanner, " unless it's bucauso there's it heavy murtgngu un it." "Till: murder of a, printer in this office yesterday by one ol' the editors of thin paper," says Ibo Atlantic Herald, " may buexplliinetl anil justified in a. fuw words. The editor wrote tho following sentence :?' Xo undigested sin was) lying on his euiisciuiice,' anti thu lute typtcniado it read, "An old white hen was lying on this conscience'" Mit. Ciiahi.ks llAKWii.niiiiAr.il, a ciiiidy-mnkorj of Macon, Georgia,did not throw his lifu entirely away (says nil American pupur), for if ho hud not gono into tho woods and hung tu a piiie-trco with his suspuiiilurs, tho reporter of thu local paper would havu tutti no occasion fur tile follow.. ing splendid burst:?"There, for two months', his body has been hanging, beaten upon by tho rain, withered by thu sun, swung mid swayed by tho winds, while his requiem was sung in tho branches ol' tho pines in grumler diupusoiiu than were over breathed upon tho organ." lilt. GltniiTiis, when president of ii theological summary, convened tho students ut his mom ono evening, um! told limn Hint ho hud observed they were glowing thin mid dyspeptical from a neglect of thu duty of laughter, nnd ho insisted upon it they should gu through n company drill in it then anti there. Tho doctor was un immense, nulli, with great amplitude of chest nml most magisterial mininer. " Hero," ha said to thu first, "you must practice ; now, now hear ino;" nnoi bursting out into a sonorous laugh, hu fairly obliged In's pupils, one by one, to join, till tho ' whole'were almost convulsed. "That willi da for once," said tho doctor, "nnd univ mind yon keep iu practice." Ix ono of tho Knglish pupers to bau.I by tho lust mail, is to bu found un account of thu death of an oltl shepherd, limned Morris Green, who was found deni) in his bed ut Ilford, ill l''ssojr. Ile hnil pusscd a strange lifu, but one which might "point a moral anti adorn a lulu." Ho never carnell muru than lialf-a-sovuieign a week", but hu livid willi even more economy thiiii that pittance necessitated, anti nfler his death it waa discovered thal ho ha. I saved more than th rea ., hundred pounds. By his acqiiiiiiitnuouH hu was) reputed to bo "nut over bright in hi>i iiittillcet," yet hu hud a deal moro sense than ninny a cuto man. How many uro there for instance wini car* uflbril to go " Yankuy grub" for a coin which, represented six or often seven days' labour to this poor shepherd, could show they hail ii fraction of his prudence? Mix lifu should'provo ii lesson to tho discontented, oven in this favored Country. Tin: Aiirii'i. Konsi:.?Linly Harker, hus written a book tin lifo in Xew Zealand, in which sho records an anecdote of a boise that wiw iu tho habit of feigning lameness. 1 fi thu story is not overdone, it. is a proof Unit tho horse is ii reason." ing being, ns cunning us a stockbroker nial as} sharp ns n lawyer: "Among my horse friends wns ii certain Suffolk ' Punch," who hud beon cluistiied tho Artful Podger,, fruin his trick of counterfeiting lumeiicss tho moment ho wus put in tho shafts of a dray, 'flint is lo say if tho dray was loaded ; so long as it wns empty, ur tho load was light, the Dodger stopped out gaily, but if he found tho dray at nil heavy, ho iilleetid t<> full demi linne. Tho old strain of stimuli blood wns too strong in his veins to allow him to refuse or jib, or stniiil still, ©li,, no! Tho Dodges arranged a compromiso with his conscience, and1, though he (nilled manfully, hu resorted to thin lazy subterfuge. Moro than once with a'new eliuinb' it hud succeeded to perfection, and tho Dodger found himself buck nguiu iu his stable with ii ruck of hay before him, while his deluded owner or driver was running nil over tho pince to> lind a .substitute in the shafts. If I hail notseea it myself I could not havu believed it. In order to induce tho Dodger to act lu's purt thoroughly, a drayman was uppuinteil whom the hurst* had never seen, and, therefore, imagined could ho easily imposed upon.. Tho moment tho signal wus given to stint, tho Dodger, after ii glance lound which plainly said, ' I wonder if I may try it upon you,' took a stop forward and almost fell down, so despcrnto was bis lameness. Thu driver who was well instructed in his part, nm round1, and lifted up oms sturdy bay leg after tile other, with every appearance of thu-deepest concern. This encouraged thu Dodger, who uttered a groan, but still seemed determined to do his bwt, and limped mid stumbled a yard or two Eiirther on. I confess it seemed impossible to believe tho horse to bo.quite sound, mid. if it lnul depended, on me, the Dodger would instantly have been unharnessed and put back in his stable.. But tho. moment bad cunio to unmask him. His muster stepped forward, and pulling first on« cunning; eui', on the alert for every word, mut then tho other, cried, ' lt won't do, sir I stop ont directly, and don't let us have any nonsense.' The Dodger groaned nguiu?this time from, his heart probubfy ?shook himself, and leaned wult fonviml in hil* big collar, stepped out without a murmur. Tho luuieness hud disappeared by magie, nor wo* there oven the slightest return of it imlil he saw a new diivnr, and considered it safe to try his oft suc- cessful dodge once more." Tnwu-si: IliiusB Mottous.?Tho inscriptions dedicating the house to God, to tho Virgin, or to some favorite saint,, ure naturally the most nu. uierous. They frequently consist of but tv» lines roughly rhymed. Sometimes they extend to. four, or even six. lines. In tho folluwing translation care hos been taken to give tho mea* sure of ,*ho lines, which, as will he seeu, is fieV_ quently halting and unsymmetrical, mid. to .J re- serve, as fur iu possible, the rude uiis<.phi*tiotit«| . simplicity of the original. Take thus one Irtli^. Jockberg:? ... .'..' ... . Thu l<onl this iln-ulling to nbout,. Arni Mew nil wini go lu nial ont. SiTVATid'x iii'Bun Xkvis.?A juvenile cmyiltf r> in a school;in the West Highlandx, prwwavU* 1, the Inspector lately with n description-ol B«a ry I'Nevis, in which he stilted that it Wius the highett to I mountain in Grunt Britain, and win sltuivtwl he^ ly I hind thc Bell Sevil Distillery. 