VICTORIAN MEMS. • .» .tun* forfeited some time ago in the Wimistrict have been subdivided into smaller fio that they may be occupied by persons of i' means, e Post and Telegraph department liave acted the tender of Mr, A* Cldtts for construct- ••'ii telegraph line from Kerang to Mortluke by enormiston and Kolora. At Grant, a man named William Manuel, a lacksmith, who is reported to have had lulatives tear Melbourne, was found dead in n week. At the coroner's inquest, a verdict of found drowned Was returned. The committee of the Victoria Coursing Club . liave received a telegraphic message from their j London agent to the effect that Mr. Warwick, the well-known coursing judge, had signed an agreement, and would leuve fur Melbourne by the March mail. A telegram from Kiltuorc states that the advocates for a reduction of the railway rates liave been considerably damped by a reply received from the Commissioner of Railways and Roads, virtually declining to receive a depufation from the surrounding local governing bodies on the subject. It is at all times exceedingly riekv to volunteer opinions about the probable future of the markets (writes the JParrtiambool Advertiser), but regarding our chief staple, [lotutocs, there are facts (sufficiently patent to give ground for anticipating that >rices this season will rule much higher than has 1jecn the case for lniiuy year*. A beautiful specimen of what apjiears to lw a fossil of feni, marked in wlurinn i-ock, has liecn Jakcn from the cuttings at the railway works, Jit Mistake. There arc said to be many similar spe- -• ciniens, which should be preserved, as it is alleged tluit no deposits liave yet lieen discovered in the rock which contain oiganisms that have lived on land. In this sjiecimcn the lvseuiblancc of fern appears to be unmistakcable. Some very fine fish have been taken out of the Loddon by local anglers. A few days since a codfish weighing 29ilb was cauglit, the bait being a 2lb bream which had been previously hooked, ami was still hanging on ; and on Saturday last another fish of about the same weight was obtained by one of the men engaged in cutting the race for the water mill at Bridgewater. Some months ago, a woman named Sayle living near Maryborough chained a man with having committed a criminal assault on her; but on the case bciug investigated it broke down. The woman admitted having frequently cohabited with the prisoner, and it was proveA that the latter was elsewhere at tiie time of the alleged occurrence. Last week the tables were turned 111 the Maryborough Circuit Court, where the woman was tried for perjuiy and found guilty. His Honor Sir Redmond Barry sentenced her to seven year's imprisonment, stilting that he imposed the severe penalty because the prisoner had endeavored to swear away the man's life. The jury had recommended the prisoner to mercy on account of her children. Tlie show committee of the Horticultural Society, Mews. J. Carson, W. Murdoch, W. H. Treen, and J. Toon, met last week, to report progress in reference to the arrangements for the forthcoming autumn show. It was announced that his Excellency the Governor luul signified liis intention of being present at the opening of the exhibition on the 18th March. The silver cup given by the Mayor of Melbourne it was decided should be awarded to the liest collection of wine grapes, open to all-comei-s, this prize having remained unawarded oil account of tlic illness of the Mayoress, The Government have made arrangements witJjj^Iojor Heath and Mr. Cawood, of Apollo Ba, ien^ clear the track through the ranges to tm ®'ijand-^' " c k ' s t(J cleared ten feet wuk, «TiV<[ each side of the scrub is to be felled, and tree* rung for a distance of 7ft. Gin., making a clear way of 25ft, ; besides which all necessary cuttings arc to be made. The whole is to be done for £250, and to be proceeded with at once ; no payments to be made until the whole is completed. What dodges women can resort to will l>e gleaned from the subjoined story which we (Courier) believe is accurate. A young unmarried woman in Ballarat found herself likely to become a mother, and liavinga sister near Marybnrough,went to her to be confined. Before the confinement the sister's husband was killed, and the widow arranged to have a make believe, posthumous child. The affair duly cumc oil', and the real mother brought the infant to Ballarat, got it registere-d in the name of the widows deceased husband, and then applied to have the child admitted to the orphan asylum, on the plea that the widowed mother was ill in the hospital. How the dodge ended, if it has ended, we have not ascertained. Another lunatic has been added to the list of demciiled spiritists who spasmodically break rout in viojent fits of mcdiumistic demonstration. ''The victim in tliis case is a man named Lowry, who lived at Mitrong, but removed to WiHiamsst own. for the last fortnight. He intended to go home to England, but he cliauged his mind, and took to preaching at his landlady instead. She stated at the WiJliamstown court on the 24th ult. that oil Sunday last she saw hiiu holding an axe over.d cat and muttering gibberish* He said he was next in honor to the Holy Ghost, and came down to this life through Captain Cook, who was eaten by the South Sea Islanders. He knew his . landlady a thousand years ago and brought her out of hell 300 years since, and if she did'nt behaye herself lie would put her back there again for another 300 years. His landlady' became nlarmpd and swore an information against him as a lunatic, and it took four constables to remove him to the Jock-np. He was scut to the Yam Bern! Asylum. The mils on the Ballarat to Burrumbeet section of the Ararat railway are now laid as far us within four miles of Burrumbeet. Mr, Walters, the mining nuumger at Castlcnuune, luw been senteucod to four years' imprisonment, in Jfellwurnc gaol. Pending the decision of certain law points reserved, he has been admitted to boil. The Volunteer Easter Encampment at Sunbuiy will continue for five days. The t roops will mareh into camp on the ' Wednesday Wore Easter, and march out of quartern on the following Monday night. The report of the Secretary for Agriculture (Mr. A. R, Wal l is) which was laid before Parliament last session, lias lioiv been bound in a handfoiuc volume, together with a report from the Inspector-General of Gardens, Parks, and Reserves. The subject-matter is so valuable as to moke it a matter for congratulation that this course has been taken. On the I2th insl, (says the Tttrnuujoircr Timet), a young man named Alfred Edghiil, in the employ of Sir. D. M'Farlane, Stoneliouse Dairy. Bavilighup, met his death bv Iieiug uecidentuliv drowned while fishing in the Loddon. On the «amc day a man named Thomas King was killed through foiling out of a dray, one of the wheels of which pa*sud over his body. Owing to the surveys having been pushed forward on the middle section of tin; Gipps Land line of railway, a laige portion of the railway reserve on each side of the line may now be thrown open for selection. Tlnj original reserve was eight miles wide, but. the surveys have been pushed so far forward that the laud department is now in a position to reduce the reserve from eight to two miles, consequently two large tracts of land, three miles wide on each side of the line in the parish of Drouin, will now be thrown open and available for selection. Sir. Casey aunoiuiced on the 24th ult. (Lit he had adopted a new course as to the Kile of lands by auction. When application is in future made for the side of Crown lands by auction, the applications will be forwarded to the local land board of the district to which it refers. It will then lie scheduled and publicly notified. The application will then IKS considered: 1st, as to whether the 'arty applying for the stile of the hind should lave his request granted ; 2nd, whether the sale will prove a public detriment ; and 3rd, if it is determined to sell the land what the upset price shall lie. This plan will, it is thought, prevent the sale of laud without due inquiry, and will enalde i«sople iu the locality to object to the sale, thereby preventing the necessity of such frequent withdrawals from sale as have been in the past. The lioard apjKunted to inquire into the treatment of Juliana Bennett ill the Sunhurv Reformatory have forwarded their report to the Chief Secretary. A huge number of witnesses proved that the girl had been beaten with a cane until it broke, then "slapjted" with the hand, and afterwards confined in a cell. The evidence is t hut her clothes were wet, though the matron nuiv not have known it. The report exonerates evcrv one from any blame, on the grounds that the beating was not a severe one, and that the confinement iu the cell had nothing to do with hcrdeath. In the olfieial report forwarded to the Chief Secretary, those parts of the cvidenec which tell in favor of the management of the institution are all underlined, and anyone hastily glancing through it and reading them would conclude that the place was a model refuge for destitute children. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the colonisation of New Guinea was held on 23rd ult., at the Freemasons' Hotel, Melbourne, ('apt. Scott occupied the chair, and having mentioned some of the details of the proposed scheme, a desultory conversation ensued. It was stated that the originators were iu treaty with the natives on the west coast for the cession of 1(1,0(H) acres of good land, mid they were confidently expecting that the transfer would be recognised by the British Government. The island abouuded in spices, gold, lieelie-dc-uier, pearl shells, and oilier valuable, commodities, and it w;ts proposed to takeout a working parly of eight practical miners to prospect and open up the mineral resources of the country. While the land parly were engaged in establishing the settlement of the new colony, the vessel belonging to the association would trade, with the nat ives for cocoanut oil, spice, beche-<lemer, &c.; Five miners out of tlie eight have volunteered to go out, and 114 shares have been taken uj>. Bungling appears to be the normal aspect, of things iu connection with the Education Department. Perhaps the hou. the Minister of Instruction would throw some light upon the following exposure, of departmental blimderings. The Gvelong Aflixrtiscr stales :—" The West Geelong School Board is driven to its wits' ends by the extraordinary conduct of the Education department, A month ago the members received a circular, asking the board's consent to the. leasing of the West Geelong schoolhouse from the trustees on certain conditions,pending the erection of a new building. A resolution was passed declining to sanction the lease on the terms specified, and a copy of this was forwarded in reply to the circular. The next intimation from the department is that the building has been leased, and the school is, therefore, a State school. Strange to say, a week later the secretary for the department writes to say that the premises ' cannot lie leased, without the consent of the board of advice. The members iue thus told that despite their objections the building has been leased, and next informed that such a step cannot be taken without their sanction. In the meantime they positively refuse to authorise the acceptance of the lease on the conditions insisted upon by the trustees, and further insist that before any lease is taken the premises should be placed in suitable repair. The question arises, has the building been leased contrary to the regulations of the department, and without the board's sanction or not 1 or was the intimation forwarded to that effect written in error?" Telegraphic communication has been extended to Winchelsea. The will of the late Mr. Win. Robertson, of Colac, was proved in the Supreme Court on the 19th ult,, the property swoin to amounting to £204,000. The West Bourkc Agricultural Society hold their grand exhibition on Thursday, the 2fith March. Entries must be lodged at the Society's olllce liefoiv or on the 18th March. Mr, John O'Shanassy, M.L.C., has been appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of Si. Michael ami St. George, K.C.M.G. He will now k- Styled Sir Jolm O'Shanassy. The railway lines from lid Jurat to Beaufort, and from Casllemaitie lo Maryborough will, it is said, be opened on the 1st April. The Ballarat Agricultural Society's Autumn Show of grain, flour, meal, .silt, roofs, bulbs, and seeds, will take place on Saturday, 28th March, in the society's yards, Lake Wendouree. Tin* shares taken up in the Wariiiainbool Woollen Mill Company amounted last Saturday to l'!>720, Applications for shares are coming in from day to day. ami it is desired to increase the amount subscribed to £12,500. Tlie Aijc has discovered that in five of the rich- est western countries, out of 3,321,510 acres alienated, 2,423,(ISO have passed into the hands of 120 squatters —their freeholds thus averaging 5000 acres each, Mr. Cliirnside alone owns 77,204 acres. The Government has offered a reward of £200 for information to convict any person of having maliciously sent tlie mysterious box which exploded iu the late Mr. Reynolds' otfiee in Queenstreet, and £50 for discovery of the sender, if he should not be convicted of malicious intent;. It has been definitelvsettled (savs the that Mr. Wells shall act as Mr. T. "Higinl«.tham's locum tr,n< /is' during that gentleman's visit to America and Europe. The Til^rn/ih states that the business is not definitely settled, and that the ollice will lie divided into three. A branch of the Commercial Bank will be opened at Cieswick on the loth of March for the transaction of ordinary banking business. An agency of the same institution is now open at Shepparton in connection with the Mooroopua branch. The. protectionists have joined issue with the Chief Secretary in his own constituency. At a political meeting held in Richmond a platform was adopted, the filial plank of which is " That the present tariff be maintained intact witha view to the further fostering of our native industries, and thiit the watchword upon this question be Xo Surrender." Captain Benjamin Francis Helpiuau, R.X., die<I on the Ibth ult., at his residence, Warnianibool, aged 59. For some years he was on the North American naval station, but retired from the service on half-pav in 1842, when lieutenant of H.M.S. Beagle. He was afterwanls promoted to the position of commander in the navy. He recently published a diary of the siuvey made by him of the coast from Western Australia round Cape Lenwin. Captain Hclpman hail command of the steamer Champion when she foundered. He was subsequently harbor-master at Warriuinibool. A singular case of snake bite occurred at Xuna- Wiiding ou 21st February. A man named Andrew Fulton, aged thirty-three, was thrown from the horse he was riding, and on rUiug from the ground found t' at a snake, had listened on to one of his fingers, and was still hanging to it. Having knocked the reptile off his hand, he losi no time in informing some men of the occurrence, and was taken iu a cart to the Melbourne Hospital. When he arrived in town he was insensible, and it was some time before consciousness returned. When he did, however, his recovery was very rapid, and the man was subsequently discharged cured. The Government astronomer reports that the weather during the greater part of la>t week was fine and pleasant, with cool southerly breezes, until mi the morning of the, 27th. a strong northerly wind set in, raising clouds of dust, lasting all through tin'night, and rendering the atmosphere hot and oppressive, when, at S o'clock on the morning of tlie 28th, the wind veered round to west, blowing strong and cool, followed by rain showers. The highest temperature in the shade, 88deg. was recorded on the afternoon of the 27th ; the lowest, 40deg. on the early morning of the 22nd. The highest reading of the barometer, 3D 221 in., occurred on the morning of the 25th, with a moderate southerly breeze ; the. lowest, 20 592in., on the early morning of the 28th, with strong northerly wind. Rain fell lo the amount of 015in., niiiking the total rainfall since the beginning of this year 3 03iu., as compared with 1 73in. during the same period in 1873. The. writs for the first batch of elect ions will be issued ou the 11th March. Nominations isfh, and polling on 27th March. The following are thethree batches of electorates as arranged by the Government on the 23rd February, viz :—First Batch : South Bourkc, 2; Evelyn, 1 ; Mornington, 1 : North Gippsland, 1 ; South Gippslaml, 1 ; East Bourkc, 2 ; West. Bourkc, 3; Dal'honsie, 1 ; South Grant, 3 ; Ripon .and Hampden, 1 ; Polwarlh and South Grenville, 1 ; Villiers and Heytesbury, 2; Dundas, 1 ; Wininipra, 1 ; Xornianby and Grenville, 2 ; total, 24 members. Second Batch : Rodney, 1; Murray, 1 ; Maryborough, 2 ; Creswick, 2 ; Avoca, 2; Manditrang, 2; Slaldon, I ; Ovens, 2 ; Crowlands, 2; Ararat, 2; total, 17 members. Third Batch : Kihnore, 1 ; Kvneton Boroughs. 1 ; Castleuiiiino, 3 ; Sandhurst, 2 ; Belfast., 1 ; Warrnainbool, 1 ; Portland, 1 ; Ballarat East, 2 ; Ballarat West. 2; West Melbourne, 2 ; East Melbourne, 2 ; North Melbourne, 2; Emerald Hill, 1 ; Sandridge, 1 ; Williamstown, 1; Collingwood, Richmond, 3; St. Kildu, 2: Brighton,^jyJJhst Bourkc Boroughs, 1 ; Murray Boroij^ipil'; Geelong East, 2 ; Geelong West, 2; tottd, $7 members. Grand total, 78 members, < The general manager of the. Victorian Beetroot. Sugar Company (Limited) states ihat he has received intimation from the works that tlie requisite quantity of sugar has made to entitle the company to at least i,'10U0 of the Government lumus. After the great, swms which attended om- Opening cclcbratiou (the Wangnraltn b'ailwav Ball), we (Dixpatch) are sorry to learn that tin; committee are in dilliculties. a. claim for ir,0 being not yet satisfied. It. is to be hoped Ihal this paltry sum will soon be paid oil', and that those who talked the loudest and subscribed the least will put their bauds iulo their pockets and liquidate the liability. We gave a right royal reception to Her Majesty's representative, and it would be a pity if we should neglect to pay for it. Sullivan, who was concerned in the Maungatapu murders, in New Zealand, in ]S(i(i. and who Wits the companion o|' Kelly. Burgee, ami Lew, has received a free pardon from tlie Xew X-.il.tiid Government. It was owing to Sullivan turning approver that the oilier three murderers were convicted. The pardon was given on the n.iidition that Sullivan 1.-It i]ie colony, ;tnd lie intended doing wi by the Mikado mail .-traine r, but ('aplain Moore refused to tak - liiui. and at. tlie lat.-t date he was walking .about Dunnliu. The admirers of the views promulgated in 1h.« writings of Thomas Paine, held a social galheriii " on the'23rd ult., (siys the ,(./. ) at Stm,Cli,n,-1, j?, celebrate l'iiine's birthday. There were upwaids of 200 petrous present, and Mr. W. Stall'piv-idcd. Ill opening the proceedings, the chairman >aid that, the object of their gathering was to MIO\V their appreciation nf and roped to (lie character of Thomas Paine, bolh religioiidy and politically. His views on religion were not MIC|I as weiv r„iiinionlv stated by minivers of religion, for llr v were interested parlies, and their statements wen* unreliable; while, as regarded his political principles. it was only necessary to stale that the founding of the great American republic originated in ii great measure from his writings. Messrs. Vallins, Qnayle. ami P.lackic's cmiti.ic-t, for 4th section of Ararat Railway being pudied on with vigor. Tin' cutting at Moiuil'^Mistiike and all other cwavafions, considering the .diori, time that has elapsed since work was commenced, are assuming large dimensions. Piles, bricksleepers. sawn timber. ;i».l oilier material-, are being delivered on (lie line, and si.nie miles of clearing are completed. A splendid spring of excellent water is on the, camp, and horses aiid men are continually supplied with water while at work by means of water carts. The whole work may be said to lie progressing in a most sutisi'actorv manner. The banquet to Mr. Tlios. HiginMham. the, Engineer-iu-Chief, on the 21 si Februarv, passed over with much >xl<it. It was conlim'-d to the officers of the department, but no less than 15!l persons assembled, ami Mr. Higinbotham's reception was conclusive ;«s to the esteem in which he. is held by his associates. Oil In-half of the department, the vice-chairman promised that the ofli<-eis from top to bottom, would make it a point ol* honor to do their '' level-best " during Mr. Higinbotham's absence, as they were conscious that nothing would please him so much as this. After the banqueting was over, the company waited for the liiigiueer-in-Chief iu < 'oiliii-street. and sent him on his way with hearty cheering.—Tch- <jrmiji. The action for libel brought bv Mr. (.'. R. Ireland. the comedian, against the proprietors of the Linus,i! I'M mill,,-*' <;,r.r«.\ was concluded in the Supreme Court nil Tuesday. The libel consisted of a criticism on Mr. Ireland's acting in the part of " Fails) " on the occa-ioii of Mr. Danipier's first appearance at the Theatre Roval. The article described Mr. Ireland as a eareles-. slovenly actor: said that he was verv tame in the performance of the character, and that his dross was not suitable. There was no plea of justification ; the defence was simply that it was a. lair criticism without any malice: that as mi expros-ion of opinion on a dramalic performance, it. was privileged, whether it was true or limine ; and that, as a.matter of fact, iu most respects, it. was true, and Wits corroborated bv the opinions of other critics. Mr. Justice Williams teld th<; jury that the truth of the criticism did not al!'e< I, the case; if they thought it was written fairly, honestly, and justly, and from conscientious motives, the verdict should be for the defendants. The. jury deliberated three-quarters of an hour, and then returned ii verdict for the plaintiff, damages .£100, The Guidford correspondent of the M»i<,il.! /.,,-- nntier Moil gives the following account of an underground episode in the life of a miner:— " An adventure, of a mod unusual character was encountered the other day by a Greek miner, residing near Tarilta. The man is what is technically termed a 'halter; that is, working by himself, and in pursuit of his calling, he went down an old abandoned shaft to get. into a neighboring drive that luul an outlet. Finding the communication filled uj) with headings he began to shovel back in the shaft- and thus slowly worked his wav to where he wished In go. After hours of hard work he. found his candle burnt out, himself cramped for room, anil the drive overhead, which had previously been supported liy the headings, giving way and slowly dropping oil and about, him, and filling up the small space he had lel'l. He went, down the shall on Tuesday, and emerged from his loinb on Saturday. His' sufferingsjiis fears, and bis struggles during that lime it.ls impossible to describe. Owing to the kind and unremitting attention of Mr. Bolierel and his familv the man has nearly recovered from the effects .if his incarceration underground. In justice to the mail's neighbours it must be. stated that when ho was missed search was made, and the very shaft he had went down was looked into, but, 'as the. bottom was filled, and no sign of a drive, it was passed by. The buried man heard the footstep* above, and repeatedly cried out, but was not audible, the surrounding earth drowning his voice to those above." 