THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Thursday, Octobsr 15. PETITIONS PEttSSSNTED. By the Hon. W. DUFFIEijD, rrom residents of Gawler and its suburbs, praying the Council to postpone the consideration of the Murray Railway question till next session. By the Hon. P. SANTO, frcm inhabitants of Kapunda to the same effect. By the Hon. R. A. TARLTON, from the Good Templars, praying the House to cause a law to be introduced absolutely prohibiting the importation, manufacture, and sale of intoxi cating liquors within the province. (Laughter). APPROPR f ATI ON BILL. Read a third time and passed. CITY OF ADELAIDE IMPROVEMENT BILL. The Hon. R. A. TARLTON moved the second reading. The Corporation asked power to enable them to continue King William-street from the Post-Office to the Supreme Court, the street to be the same width right through. Their scheme involved the purchase of land on the east and west sides of tha Square, and shifting the Square to the west. There had been some objection to the scheme by some persons, who thought it wasacovert de sign to bring locomotives further into the city, but he was assured by the Mayor that there was no such design on the part of the Corpora tion. One clause provided that the railway Bhould not come further than it does now with out the consent of the citizens. Personally, he should'be glad to see the train come further through the city. The Bill asked power for the Corporation to purchase land ea»t and west of the Square. He was awaro some hon. members were opposed to that scheme. (Cheers ) If they were right he had no desire to do anything to inconvenience the citizens, or mar the beauty of the city, of which they were all so proud—(cheers)—but he hoped hon members would give careful consideration to both sides of the question. (Hear, hear.) He conscientiously believed the scheme would, if carried out, be a convenience to the citizens, and add to the beauty of the city. It would make King William-street the finest street in the Southern Hemisphere, and visitors generally said it was a pity such a fine street should be cut in two by a square. Fins, bury-square, in Loudon ? was on one side of the street, and did that detract from the beauty of that part of London. Ronnd King William street there were buildings which were a dis figurement to the city. Grant the concession asked for, and they would have fine buildings thefe. He should be glad to see the Parliament Houses, instead of being in the hollow in which they now aro placed, in a site worthy of the Parliament and worthy of the city. The Sandwich Islanders of Honolulu had a better site for their Parliament Houses than we had. It was desirable, too, to bring all Government offices near together. This was being done in London. Were the scheme carried out, King William street would be fairly entitled to rank with Prince's-street, in Edinburgh, or the Boulevards, in Paris, Wo had not got a street to compare with those tf Portland, in Oregon, "a much smaller city than this, but which was planted with trees, and at night brilliantly illuminated with lamps. The Hon. A. HAY liked Adelaide, but if they made one or two such improvements thoy would disfigure the city and make it a disgrace to •themselves. (Hear, hear.) The principal Btreet of Turin looked into a Square, and be yond, to the .-now-clad ;hills of th6 Alps ; but the view up King William-street, if this scheme were carried, would end in an ugly railway shed. He had always thought the hon,. mover had some taste. (Mr. Tarlton — " Hear, hear.*' Laughter.) .With regard to Prince's street, in Edinburgh, on one side was the Garden, and at the end Oarlton Hill. He was astonished at the hon. member going to Finsbury-square for beauty. Let him go to -Ludgate Bill and look down Fleet- street. Was not the view all the finer f< r being broken by St. Paul's? They talked about having foun tains in the centre of the street, but they had tried that, and found it desirable to remove the fountains. He had studied a plan of every principal city and town of Europe to see if they had their principal streets running straight through the city, and he defied' the hoc. member to show a single city in which that was the case. The hon. member had re ferred to an American city, but no doubt that, would be better for a square. Would there be any advantage in putting Parliament Houses on the east side of King William-street ? What advantage would there be in building ic front ing the street instead of fronting the square ? Were that scbeme carried out they would have the whole of the traffic passing the Parliament Houses. The more he thought of it the more he saw the evil of the project. Then tbey would have to treat all the other squares iu the same way if they passed this Bill. If they were to propsse such improvements to Naples, they would be thought mad. The present state of Victoria-square was a disgrace to the Corporation and to the city. Were there any truth in spiritualism, Colonel Light would appear and frown down such a disgraceful project for destroying the beauty of the city he planned. He moved that the Bill be read a second time that day six months; and he hoped the Corporation would not again try to destroy the beauty of Adelaide without any benefit to anybody except the parties whose lands were bought for the purpose. Then the Corporation had no right to ask for power to borrow an unlimited amount. Those persons who had bought land and erected buildings on the faith of having the view of the Square would have a right to compensation if that scheme were carried out. There was a clause providing that the railway should not be carried further along King William-street un-. less with the consent of the citizens. Such a matter should not be left to agitation. Then it was to be settled upon universal suffrage, no citizen being allowed more than one vote on the question. That was not fair to holders of pro perty. There should be a scale of voting ac cording to the amount of >-ates paid. The Bill was not to improve, but to destroy, the beauty of Adelaide. There was no precedent for such a scheme. He was sure that if Colonel Light, and those who labored with him, could prevent that work of disfigurement, their ghosts would appear and frighten the supporters of that scheme. The Hon. P. SANTO was sure hnn. mem bers would not be afraid of ghosts. (A laugh.) The Bill had been before Parliament for some time, and the citizens had had ample oppor tunity to oppose it. He should support the Bill. King William-street in its present form was too Bhort to be beautiful, and the change wonld be an improvement. He had no land near the Square to sell. The Hon. A. HAY simply Baid that persons having land there would be the only persons whom the soheme would benefit. The Hon. P. SANTO was sorry he had mis understood the hon, member. The railway could not come through the Square without a fresh Bill. The Bill before them was approved by the citizens. (No.) The members for the city supported it—(hear, hear)—and he imagined they represented the views of the citizens. If they did not authorise the scheme now they wonld have to in a few years. (Hear, hear.) He believed Victoria-square was originally a mistake. (Hear, hear.) The other squares were an improvement to the city, but not so Victoria- square, which inter rupted the traffic of the principal street. The Hon. J. FISHSK cordially supported the Hon. Mr. Hay's amendment, and no one was better entitled to speak on the subject than he (Mr. Fisher), who had lived in the city from childhood—for 36 years. The scheme would destroy the beauty of the city and give it a lopsided appearance. To talk about the beauty of Finsbnry-square was an absurdity. He had not heard strangers express regret at Victoria-square crossing the street. Let a stranger come from Glenelg on a hot wind day, if that square was removed what would he say ? He would be blinded by the dust, and would see nothing of the city. The squares checked the dust. It would be better for the Parliament buildings to face a square than a street. He had seen European towns, and few equalled and none surpassed Adelaide in beauty. He hoped the Council would throw the Bill out ignomi niously. The Hon. T. ELDER, having regard to the future requirements of the city, had made up his mind to support the Bill. Victoria* square interrupted the traffic, and oven going to the Supreme Court he found it inconve nient to walk through the Square. Prinea'a street, Edinburgh, was upwards of a mile long, and Carlton Hill was at the end. George-street, in the same city, had a garden at the end of it, but that street was three-quarters of a mile long. A case in point was Temple ^ Bar in London, but every one was agreed that it would be a proper thing to have that removed. The Hon. Mr. Santo referred to a majority of the citizens being in favor _ of the change, and there were two influential bodies also in favor of it, namely, the City Council and the Assemb'y. It was said the only persons who would benefit were those having iand near the Square, but their land uould have to be assessed, so there was not much force in that objection. Other holders of pro perty might feel interested against a scheme that would add to their rate?. He should like to see Parliament Houses at the Square. He ap proved of the train running through the Square, but that question did not arise in connection with the Bill. He could not see how it could said the Treasury would look upon a dead wall, for they faced the Post- Office (the south sffie). They were told about Colonel Light, but that was an old story. (Hear, hear.) We now had new light, and were not to be bound by the rules of 30 or 40 years ago. He believed Colonel Light would apnrove of the change. Strangers who drove up King William-street invariably, as far as his experience went, thought Victoria square spoiled the city. The Hod. W. S&NDOVER; opposed the Bill. The Corporation had made a series of mistakes during the year, and this was one. He ob jected to the unlimited power of borrowing given by the Bill. He did not know that the members for the city interested themselves in civic affairs. The estimated cost, according to Mr. Worsnop, was £20.003, and some £7,000 had to be added for buildings. Another state ment of the cost of the scheme was £40,000, and he defied any one to show that from £45,000 to £50,000 was too large an estimate. He did notice that a number of their public men were interested in haying that road through tho Square, but they had no right to do -such an injustice to the citizens, who could not be benefited by the scheme. If it was such a good thing the Government should have had the courage to introduce the scheme. He had land in Grenfell-street that through the fencing of Hindmarsh-squere was worthless than 25 years ago ; bat had he on that account any light to demand that that square should be thrown opt n ? The Government were not to be trusted in matters of that sort. The calculations respecting the Town Hall had been thoroughly fallacious. If the Square were to be put aside it would interfere with the beauty and fair proportions of the city, to please some interested persons, and some who had no taste for the beautiful, but delighted only in bricks and mortar, stone and stucco. Was it necessary to carry the business in th it direction ? He said no business men as a rule would establish themselves along side of Churches and Court Houses. Would the Parliament say it was desirable to place Parliament Hemes in crowded tho roughfares ? Why, even a flock of sheep dis turbed the Assembly. There was abundance of land on North-terrace suitable for Parlia ment Houses. He objected to the Bill be coming law, but he was not much afraid that if it did it would be operative. The Hon. Sir H. AYERS moved that the de bate be adjourned till Tuesday next. The Hon. W. MORGAN seconded. Carried. The House adjourned at 3.35 till next Tues day, 