COLONIAL EXTRACTS. DR. M'GIBBON IN 1ELBOURNE. : (From the Argue, Sept. 21.) NEw South:Wales has kindly lent us a.gentleman who disports himself at large in the doinain of faith and morals 'andais' ready'to prove, on the ?bortest" notice, that we are all of us either sunk !in idolatry.or steeped in indifference. "Accorditig=od a".report in our. issue -of Saturday, the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon, of Sydney,-.addressed a .meeting of ..the Orangemen of Melbourne on Friday evening last ; and without. wishing to flatter the rev. gentleman, we think we may fairly say that a more remark able deliverance has rarely come under our niotice._" Tie" particular ' motive which 'itddulcedDr M'Gibbon to, lavish hi- eloquence ?n a.Mlelbourne audience does not appear on record It may be that some synipathising friend, appre. heeding danger from repression, wished to oafford h'iin an opportunity of blowing off steam ; or it may be that some scoffer was deslirousof " trotting out " this relic of the dark ages in order to see to what extent bigotry and intole. rance'can survive the hum'anizing ton. daneies'of'the ago;' a'dt perhaps it was an inner call which prompted. the -ex hibitiou.. We.eca.readily.imagine that the spectacle.we present must be gall and wormwood to one of those cheerful gentlemen who are always so busy saving the' sopuls of others that tljey have no time to cultivate a few of the Christian graces within their own. As a rule, there is no .decided".ldesire; on the part of the churches to consige eabh other to the flamies, altliodgh now .aad then .doubtleas we. do come across some smouldering remnant of antiquity whvlio spiaks as though' h bwould like to 'have'hris opp'onents on 'the" gridiron: WVe can 'thorefore, onceive it possible .that Drf M'Oibboin " lifted up his voice" and cried aloud a'gainst our sitiful iin differonc ;to'the-heavenly pleasures of ,porsooutidn, sir?'ply:bncauso he was so " wrathy riled " .that he could not hold his tongue. H'IIowever,without speculating further as to theo.huse of his public appearance, let us sue what this apostle of goodwill has to say for himself. Outwardly, Dr AI'Gibbon considers that we are dbing pretty well. We have fine parks and gardens and a 'few buildings' that are worth lookinig at. He is alho good enough to congratulate us on our sys tom of education, and trusts that- before 'lng the coblony from which lie hails may likewise be able to boast that in struction is, compulsory, secular, and free throughout hei' territory. But, alas ! for this fair seeming; it is only the beauty of . thoewhited sepulchre' TamIly to look upon, no doubt,; but full within of "dead men's.bones and all uncleanness." -While we foolishly., imagine that we are prospering; materi ally. and daily, becoming -more charit able and'free fiom prejudice, there are one or two accursed things gnawing at our very vitals. One is Popetry, and the other Indiffere-ntism. The curious pirtof. it' is, that we utterly ignore the :operations of , these monsters. That they.are ravaging our constitution there can be no doubt, for Dr M'( ibbon has said. so;' but nevertheless, with a careleis,?s' let them ravage," we go about our accustomed occupations, not caring one cent. for the whole Catholio hierarchy on, the one hand or all. the' hi.-gh priests of' a frigid nihilism on the other." But Dr M'Gibbon-'sees the danger of all :this..: His idea of a Christian. comnion'"wealth is one in which orthodox Protostantism (it is just possible, that this form might hap. pen to be his own) is perpetually; ait strife with. every other form of belief, bickering and fighting .and begetting every conceivable description of envy, hatred,;malice,' and uncharitableness.' ]3ut'while he scourges the general community' with whips for its sinful apathy,; he chastises the press with scorpions for its wan t of polemical frceo. Since he has been in Mlelbourne " he has tried to ascertain if there is any thing decisive in the religious aspect of,the., papers, but he regrets to find that they are not at all decided on the religions question." 'What.: "the reli giousquestion":-may be in Dr M'Gib boi's opinion we' must confess or ina bility to divine. .If, however, the. essnece of the Christian religion is love. and toleration, thou we contend that thboe Voteiian press,.wiih a few insig nificant cxpeptions, is 'very deoided on the "religious question;" for it is con tinually exhorting its readors to.oxhi biftin their daily lives thatforbearance and goodwill, that charity and tender h'oeartedness .which all orceds' alike enjoin. ' :If, however, " the religious ,question" finvoles theological speou 'lation and the squabbles of the soots, then we admit that the Viotorian press, aas a rule,.ignores' it altogether. The func'tion of' a daily paper' is not to support uone party of religionists or aotlior, buit 'toseeo that all are left free to fbllo?' tlhe dictate's of their con sciences,'and that they do not encroach on, the. powers and douiniins whioh, in .the interests of all churohes and all peop!e, belong tho te State alone. About, thre weeks' ago (says the Bi?idwood Dispatth) a number of calves were:pladod ina log-fence paddbock hoear Jellamatong Crook, and soon after wards:one was missed and could not be found. On Wednesday last it was found jammed in beoatwoon the logs of the fence alive, but a perfect skeleton, having roemainoed there all the while without food. : The Goulburn Argus eays --Mr G. Thorn, of Brisbane Grove, near Goul burn, died on' Thursday night last, and on Friday,last the Rev. S. S. Harper, Ohurch 'o' England minlster at "Yass died seidd~inly'ut his residonce. ..The ,funeral took place on Sunday evening, !and ,was attended by all classes of the eommunity. -The Souther Argus reports that on Sunday.evenin? preioious to'sundown a mntorio 6r pluuetary-iphonomeno~n of beautiful appearance was visible to the residents.of Goulburn in the western sky.._ It was of silvery whiteness of tortuous or corksorew. shape, not zig. azg, and occupied a position near to where the planet. Venus, now of un usual brilliancy, occupies in the even-. ing. Doubtless' hdl'rieir app'proach of' the transit of Venus .with the sun, which- will take place on the 9th De- comber next, accounts for the pheno menon. At Coonamble on the 10th ult, an aboriginal murdered' his lubra by striking her on the .head so as to cause insensibility, and, then buried her alive. The aboriginal, when airested, said, " If he were let-off .this once he would not kill another lubra." On Thursday last Mr W. R11. Hely, aue tioneer, was thrown froni his horse at Grenfell, and it is feared is fatally in jured. A boatman named Burns was stabbed on Saturday night at the bar of the Paragon Hotel, Circular :Quayl.in ;a) quarrel by a seaman named.M'Oallum. The injured man was taken .to the In firniary, and hopes are entertained of his recovery. STirn Ballarat Aliner- says :-The Ararat Wosleyans, at the request-of the presidont.of the conference, have abandonied: a lottery scheome in aid of the church funds.. X500 worth. of tickets had been sold, and that with ,gifts made, would have netted £600 profit,. but all the tickets -have been called in and a sale of tlie goods r' solved -on. On this,, the -Advertiser .remarks :-"'Wcslyaniism has done its duty in this matter, and has dealt this standing blot of the colonial religious bodies a heavy blow. The practice which so long has been a reproach, will very likely be tabooed utterly by reason of the example hero set. It is to be most earnestly desired that the public will show their appreciation of the conduct of the Ararat Wesleyan Com mnittees by liberally supporting their efforts to make good the heavy sum which they have voluntarily sacrificed." The Lancet of the 11th July says : The sad intolilgneue of the death of Lady Amberley, and subsequently of that of her little girl from diphtheria, has not only given-rise to much sym pethotie sorrow, but will serve to awa ken the recollection in other families of maniy similarly sad bereavements. Lord Amberley's little daughter was supposed to have contracted the infec tioim from her brother; who had a few weeks previously suffered from an at tack of diphtheria in London, and her Ladyship is believed to have contracted the disease from attendance on her daughter. The poison of diphtheria is vuery subtle kind. It clings with great tenacity to particular houses or apart ments. The disease exhibits very con tagious and infectious properties, and its progress and development -are con sidered by many excellent authorities to be favoured by many family coansti tutions. We are inclined to believe. in the correctness of this view in the I greater susceptibility or vulnerability of certain constitutions, from the re-i collection of occurruences of a . similar kind whore diphtheria spread through the members of a family," and proved fatal to the mother and some of herI children, without extending to other residents in the house. Of course, where there are local causes in 'oper ation, suchb as bad drainage and a vitiated house atmosphere, we innmay ao count for the tenacity with which thel poison clings to a place, and manifests its action on the inmates; but we. nevertheless think that there is :some" evidence in favour of this family pro-; clivity. There cannot be a doubt that every precaumtionary measure should be adopted which the assumptious charao tor of this dire disease would suggest; but it must often happen that attempts 'at isolation are overborne and frustra ted by the promptings of affection or parental solicitude. A mother will not submit--aid' noone can wonder, at or help respecting the feeling-to be separated from,a suffering hild; ;but, no measures can be too rigidly onforced as far as the other and non-infected. members of the.family are concerned. The views entertained "by' diffordnt niedical men are not, perhapp?'orfectly identical.in regard to -the infectious character of dihtheria; and this is to be accounted for by the various imfi pressions theyl have reooived'fromithbir different experiences in it. In some cases the transmission of :tho disease from one to anotheir of the afnifcted members of a familyeaii be so eloarly traoed, where there is an apparent ab sence from all insanitary surroundings as to leave no doubt that contagion was the main if not the 'sole faetor preuent, while in other cases the evidence of de'footiveo domiciliary hygiene is so eonspieouousas to impreassthe mind with the directintention of the disease to" local oauses; . and.thfe apparentcondi tion of the house very--often, far-from the real one. We had evideneoo of this:nuot very. long ago, wh'ere after the occurrouoo of one cease, the family , removed to the buasideifor a -ouple of weeks, durinig which the? local trades men'wero desired to': investigatoe; and' remedy overy drefeot in_ tbe:d'rainago? On the return of the family. ,other cases occurred in rapid uoncessiof, and it was discovered that, notwithatanding the assurances to the contrary, "the. house drainage was very bad. The moral lies on the suface, viz., that diphtheria is like'scarlatina a commu niicable disease, anti that its spread may be wholly nacotinted, fur by .its contagious or infoctious properties, but. in any case the proclivity to the dls ease may be eiormously increased by some' defootive drainage or other source of air contamination. .:The Goulburn Herald says By the .balance sheet of the Yass Municipal Council, it .appears that tiiring "the half-year ended 2nd August, that body received as rates the magnificent sum of-121. Os. 9id, ;and that during. the .saine veriod theyopaid away for legal advice 111. 15s 6d, being within 5s 3id of the. whole amount cantributed by the ratepayers. t The estimatea "popuilation Of the colony of New South Wales on the 30th June,- 1874 (says the -Herald) was- 313,112 males, and 257,358 females. Total--570,470. The foundation-stone of the Colleo tor public school was laid by the in spector. on Wednesday last.... The Smythesdale correspondent of the Ballarat.St?ir, writinig on'~Saunday night, isays :-" I larn that a 1orrible case has' occurred. at "G'iden Lale i',It appears' that -.two brothers,;:named Samuel and Benjamin -Holt, un'iAarrie' men, andý' who' resided together' had both been*drinking on Saturdayhight, and cominmice'd -to quarrel -in their own place ,boiit 2 o'clock n :Sunday morning. Tlhe ?quarrelled on till about 5 o'clock, wlhn Samuel called' one of the neighbours who obierved that he had receive-ld frightfful ciits i 'ha _ . the. hanids and arms. Samuel tHolt 'anid his neighlbiur then started 'to go t Di Forster's to get the -wouniids' dresse .but, after.. going a part of :the'ivy; Holt turned back, intimating tihat he would ;'take revenge "on his ' rbther. On Samuel IIolt returning it' appears' that he got hold'of ' table-knife;''and inflicted several'wounda`on?'the side of his brother's head,\the brother atO the time being in bed asleep.' A. pick and' an axe ,found about thel house \were. covered with blood,'and the table- knife had been twisted.. in inflicting the wounds. Assistance arrived,, and Dr, Forster was sent for, who, found Ben jamin Holt severely, if not fatally in-, jured The doctor dressed the wounds' of botli nion and sent for the `police, who took charge of the place. .It is. said 'that so much blood flowed 'on the floor that some of 'the neighbours had to use a shovel td scrape it up. ? The sad affair, 'as may' be' imagined, 'has produced a terrible sensation in "the locality. MIy informant, who had just arrived- from the place, states that when he' left this evening, at, about. half-past 6.o'clock, the woundedmen were lying in bed in a very dangerous state,'one'of, them: partiqlarly so.",, A native bear, (says 'the Northern Argue) caught recently in, the 'neigh bourhood of 'Gracemoro, Queensland, was presented on Saturday last by Cap tain Hunter'to Captain Wymark, of the Lady Douglas, to take home' as a novelty.' T:e captain was well pleaded with the present, and confined it in a cage for'safe keeping, but during the night his boarship, objecting" to be' kept in durance vile, managed to gnaw his way'out, and made tracks for' the cabin of the second mate,:,who .was fast asleep until aroused by the strange intruder. ' Being alarmed;hbe -cried for asaistance,. and the bear .in: his peregrinations, happening to. touch the strings of.a' violin lying.in the cabin, was, apparently so struck with the sweet sounds produced, that when a light was brbught lie was found sitting by the side of the instrument pulling lustily at the string.' , The following, is related by the. Bendigob ldvertiser, on th'e, athority of. a reliable person, but ;that journal give a'carle 6Ianche to its readers to believe or not:-"A gontlenian well known ii Saindhurst as a,'dealer in furniture, whom we will call Lamnb, at whose establishment many an? article has been 'popped' by needy persons, recently sold a piano that lie had roe' ceived as a, pledge to an, equally- well-k known speculator whom we will'call Smith. It so happened thrtwithin a' week after the piano,had been disposed of, Lamb"departed this life rather-sud: denly and was duly buriedd., Smith, h'ad the piano removed to his. parlour. One night recently he liad' retired to bed, and was wrapped in poaceful sluin ber; when, about' 2 o'clock in the morn-? ing, he was. suddenly awakened.' by loud and continued." playing- oni his piano which' lhe had previously looked escurely. ':.He' rushed downstairs for the purpose 'of .reprimanding the so'p: posed,.individuul,'when to his g.reant. torror sand arihazementbthe observed, as' he, says, .thb e ghost\ of. his -departed "'unole".:Ialk. 'directly; and .firmly from the piano'riglt through the front door. . Belng horriblyifrightened hei Ilost no time' in retracing his steps up. stairs ,His'better half was not awak emoed by 'lthe .first' performance on the piano,' whichbbnsisted of a.selectioni from H$addol' 'i1essiah ;'" u?it.itnSith had~notlong been in bed beforeithe strains werei resumed, the selection this time beiig from lIozart's "Gloria" -tlhe "Twiolfth Mass,' in ?rhioh'ithliere Ire sreveraIl dcep and striking notes Smith hlieard all this, and aftor mnen tally abusing'tho piano, be resolutely took refuge in the arms ofZ Mio'rphsus. Histwife was awakened ly. the musio, and"' immediiitely soreamed out, and enddavoured to arouse her .huisband, biut daohi absom8d tb bea impons"il'imp ty, and shelier'selfr:isdlved to gbo .don 'stairs,' and dsec*rt~in~t'e" cause ao'of. this 'unusua i nusical 'entertnin?dent.; Oni reachiing: the room. h'oi ibe?ildermenlu wais greater;. thath at of Srmith, she having 'observed .tho same 'idenitidal' man, -and: underA precisely 'the: .sate oiroumstancd,,ndna, frantic state:of excitemnent' abshe rushodj upstairs, ain' succeeded \in arousing Smith;, and inh formn-is him ./of ' what , she had seent Nexxt' morning 'he' diterimiiie'd to got rid of the awful instrumiennt' ioesuo cemdd li do '';'i' ?but whether the same pe'rfdi'noa~'n 'hh' lbieh'n re'peaied ite the house'oftthe iiidividLual'to whmni ho sold it or notblb is' tibt in'a position"to say. ithe ydney corrspondent of the Maitland Mercury says-An item con, nected with Blondin's visit to Sydney deserves record, if only as a revelation of a little of the secrecy surrounding ,vice-regal. patronage,. is-as follows,:.. The vice-regal -lbx' within Blondein tent is handsomely furnished :-with green damask-covered couch and chairs, and the floor or platform is nicely car peted, while the box is surrounded with flags and banners; so that it will be understood- some'expenoe-and-trouble:. had to be incurred to.make. thingsso' comfortable. Aiid it tnusi8lo.borne.in mind that vice-royalty does lotpay.at the doors, but walks .in incovered, while the band is playing the National Anthem, and send a h foru amount as- it may?'deoi fit (usually in excess of the ientrance-money),' gene. rally two or three days after-the enter. tainment. "~Blondih'siagent" is.e~ttalka. tive little fellow, aind "being asked.thoj other day thoanraount of 'their takirgis on the first day, promptly 'answvered; "betweeii, £900 and'x1000' i"And then,'·says he " we didn't maken uch out of tho Goveriior thliugh we went to a gooddeal of trouble ii? fitting up' his box; anid'. 'dtie"''toi J` The up. -plstory cost us about £3 10s, and thiu" there was the carpet aId the woodweik I] cost pus,,moroe than .45 .altogethrc.: His Excellency sent. ,pal5 ,chequ .fdr' -two. guineas, and, thtere Ns5ys eight of 'em B'ut' then, 'ou know; they drew - The ship Leichlhardt left Cooktown lawt'week with 20,000 .ounces ofgol The "ioad t't th '"Palmer 'digginigs h`as -been sh.oritned by twenty miles. A nman named 'Owen Roberts"'im Va -killed at Home iRule, Guilgoig,;-on Saturday last by a fall of: eartl in a shaft. i . L OnWed nesday, last the publisher.ef the' Melboy6rne Herald: had' lhisV'hanrld taken off by.ithe' machineo.iiSa:sho ewas superintoendiiitlithe issue ofithe paper;', Last -week 290 baegs of .Goulburn wheat were sold by nauction at Os: 83 per. bush: l'at!Melbourne. " , i: 