"The Lost Mysteries of Masonry The death was announced, some few weeks , and in London, of Mr. Henry Melville, the father of the Tasmanian Press, and author of the forthcoming treatise on the recovery and interpreta- tion of the Lost Mysteries of Freemasonry." He had just put the finishing touch to the self-imposed work that had occupied him incessantly for forty years; but as has happened in ten thousand cases before, he was summoned into the Silent Land at the very moment when he was about to reap what to him, would have been the full reward of all his lifelong labors. He lived for no other purpose than to complete his great design, and to see its results embodied in endur- ing typography. That design was assuredly one of the strangest, most singularly recondite, and most difficult ever taken in hand by any solitary student, since the mediæval days of the giant scholars and alchemists. If any Englishman of the present century deserves a whole chapter to himself in the next edition of the " Lives of the Necromancer," that man is certainly Henry Melville. Jest Belzoni exploring the inner secrets of the Pyramids, nor Layard rummaging in the ruins of Assyria, nor Livingstone tracing out the hidden sources of of the Nile, nor Chaiupolliou searching for the lost key of the Egyptian hieroglyphics amidst the stupendous remains that render weird and ghost-like the moonlit banks of the Nile, displayed more steadfastness of purpose, or cherished a more enthusiastic belief in his Animate success, than did Henry Melville, engaged in digging out from beneath the foundations of the intellectual world the talis- man of Solomon. It seems almost impossible to believe that the late Lord Lytton was not well acquainted with Melville for he has traced the man's living image in his " Zanoni," and incorporated whole chapters of Melville's confidential conversations in his sensational " Strange Story." Lord Lindsay, when travelling in Egypt, as he tells us, fell in with a wonderful French anti- quary, the Count Caviglia. The Count was a servant who, at an early age, became possessed with an ardent desire to read the riddles of the Sphinx and the Pyramids. Being a man of independent means, he travelled into Egypt, and commenced his personal investigations. Gradually he became so engrossed in his pursuit that he lost all intention of returning to his old life. He spent his days in a tent at the foot of the Pyramids, and gave himself wholly up to the studying. Egyptian antiquities, dying at a good old age. Many a long evening's conversation had Lord Lindsay with him, and he describes Caviglia's range of knowledge as being something incredibly vast. Every now and then he, as it were opened up wonderful vistas into unknown refers of learning, and then as suddenly closed them up again, This description would answer nearly equally well for Henry Melville. He did all his work alone, in silence and secrecy, and with that terrible fixedness of purpose which great scholars, great inventors, scientific enthusiasts, and men who are in search of a patent for a new impulsive agent to supersede steam, only know. In the barely furnished room of a humble cottage on Collingwood Flat, toiling laboriously for twelve or more hours a day, living in the most abstemious and self-denying style, did Henry Melville slowly put together the main body of that magnum opus which, under the title of Veritas ?' Revelation of Mysteries, is shortly to astonish the learned world. Taken altogether, there never perhaps lived a more patiently industrious, single-minded, whole- hearted apostle of a new intellectual apocalypse than was this extraordinary man, from the day when a plod- ding journalist in Hobart Town, his fancy was struck with the wondrous conception of starting in quest of the long-lost Iveys of Solomon's other words, of discovering and bringing into the full light of the nineteenth century the most secret mysteries of primeval Freemasonry. The curious reader of this slight sketch of a most remarkable man will be anxious to learn something, if only the merest inkling, of the real nature of those studies to which Melville devoted a lifetime. Briefly, then, the matter was mainly this Let any intelligent spectator of the universe around him go out into the calm open air on some moonless night, and gaze steadily upward into the starry heavens. He will at once observe that the countless myriads of luminaries of all magnitude that send down their sparkling rays to our little world are apparently scattered about in the wildest confusion. No law of form, no mathematical principle of regularity of. position, can be detected amongst them; they are strewed over the broad expanse as irregularly as shells upon the sea-beach. But for all that we know that there is not one of those innumerable suns and planets that has not its exact position in space fixed with unerring precision. At this point let any map of the stars showing the constellations be taken up. Who designed those strange figures as applicable to such a purpose t and in what way do they really form a guide to the positions of the several heavenly bodies / These are questions that at once strike the mind. Obviously, no mode of indexing could be hit upon that so utterly fails of its object. The stars do not arrange themselves visibly into groups of wild animals, giants, mythological heroes, and weapons of war. On the contrary, indeed, it is even more difficult, as 1 Eukey to identify them singly, according to their assigned places in the various constellations than to detect them at first glance. Yet these '.i. constellations have been in use amongst astronomers for thousands of years. The Chaldean watchers from the top of the Tower of Babel were acquainted with them. The writer of the Book of Job was familiar with Arcturus, Orion, and the Pleiades, and he names all the constel- lation- in a heap (Mnzzaroth). When, and by ivhotur-L-he question recurs, were they invented ? And is there, in their very seeming wildness and irregularity an apocalyptic al principles principle of revealing whilst concealing?discoverable 'I These were the questions that Melville took in hand to answer. These were the problems he set himself to solve. He succeeded, as he thought and believed, most completely. He first laid down the broad lines of his scheme of interpretation, and then commenced to fill in the details. This work involved calculations beyond counting, together with researches into the earliest records of language, history, mythology, science, and secret knowledge amongst man- kind that might well have appalled the most dauntless searcher after truth. But Melville was not to be daunted. Death alone could stop \- his unremitting labors. After forty years of close investigation, infinite Study, wide reading, and extensive travel for information, he believed that he had achieved his great end. He had Found the keys of Solomon. He, like the Arabian necromancer, could tell the place " Where the Genil hill The jewelled cup of their King Jenisoliiil"-? the talisman that, at a touch, unlocked all the lost secrets of the old mythologies and the new, all the occult mysteries of Rosicriieiiuiism and Freemasonry, nil the lost arts and sciences of the Egyptian priests, and all the mystic meanings lurking beneath the pregnant text of the Old Testament and the New was in hand. Faust had at last found the philosopher's stone ; Raymond Lully had discovered the grand arcanum ! The constellations are the true solution of the riddle of this painful earth." Whether they are truly the last mysteries of the ancient Freemasonry that Melville dragged to light from the depths of antiquity, must be left to those brethren of the mystic tie who are adepts in their own secret lore of the craft to ""?? With such matters common " cowans " and the vulgar uninitiated must not meddle. But it is to be noted that during his whole stay in this part of the world the persevering student seemed to be at continual variance with his brethren, and he was accustomed to speak of the pretentious and the average intelligence of the brotherhood in terms of supreme contempt. In one of my pamphlets before us? which are all preliminary essays towards his great work? the writer ""J'" :?" The Masons are supposed to possess wonderful secrets,. and when aspirants become "'"'tels they receive passports which serve among all civilised nations. The brethren of the order "re sworn to keep sacred and secret all the mysteries entrusted to them, and under such pledges receive their certificates or passports from their leaders, the chiefs of enlightened men. These certificates have on the face of them * 1. is The Lion Mysteries of Kreeiimpoiirv."- By Henri V, Sidney: Sands and Kenny, liars," time In " Ignorant Learned." By Helen Melville. London: Crawford, ISM. S. " initiation, ('wine. Hilfling, and Exaltation, De unmitigated by the Median and Persian Law,., on the "uses! Tracing Board." Tusiimnia: H. and C. Brett, symbols of sciences no longer understood by the order." The knowledge here asserted to be lucking, Melville always asserted that he had in possession. Doubtless the forthcoming treatise will supply grounds for testing the correctness of this claim. There are many persons in an age of superficial knowledge who are all too ready to declare dogmatically that Freemasonry and all similar secret societies are based on simple imposture, and have in fact nothing in them. But impos- ture is a word easily spoken, and its utterance covers at times a great amount of crass ignorance. No reader of De Quincey's fine essays on "Secret Societies" and "Freemasonry" will every make such an assertion. Neither would any impartial auditor at a private conversation with Henry Melville. What, exactly, there may be in the area of the craft, is another question. It is for the initiated alone to learn and meditate. Sometimes blank silence is the most potent eloquence. But in any case a most remarkable old colonist, of a type not often seen anywhere, has departed in Henry Melville and whatever may be true in Freemasonry, it is certain that De Quincey is only indulging in his customary learned jocularity when he informs us that the whole secret of the system consists in just this? When a novice is introduced into the closely- tiled lodge, the grand master looks very fierce at him and draws his sword, which makes the novice melancholy, as he is not aware of having had time as yet for any profaneness, and therefore fancies that somebody must have been slandering him. Then the grand master, or his deputy, cites him to the bar by asking him the question, " What have you got in your right pocket <" The answer is always, "A guinea." Then comes the next question, " What have you got in your left pocket!" To which the answer is still, " A guinea." Then the grand master, in a voice of thunder, commands, " Fork out." This ceremony forms the first half of the mysteries. " The second half," adds de Quincy, " which is by much the more interesting, consists entirely of braudy-and- water."?Melbourne Argus, 