Ti~i MOSQUITO IN ENGLAND. The following joculir remarks are tise substance of an article on the alleged intro duction of the-mosquito into England which we copy from the London Daily News: The mosquito, it seems, is among us. At least he might as well be among us in bodily presence, making night hideous with his Peculiar music; for so many people iIHv, apparently, made up their minds- labrit a Importation, that the terror and pain o(f - pecting him will soon be equil to ar??y: i..: his most venormous efforts can prodcis, "' do not profess to be sceptical. S.. il . . lieving; hearing in this case is still s'li . evidence, anld feling, of couisr, ouhl' ,t. b1) the strongest of all. Still, witi regardi ti feeling, we may observe that. every win.dil thing that stings and cimses -na swelling is not necessarily a mosquiilto: WýV are well assured that t'iere are honust little fluttering ctiatures which are of purely Enolish. growth, and which never in Itol of ship traversed the Atlantic, whose pdwer of in flicting pain by puncture is not to be le spised even by a stoic. Tl'he evidence ci r. ears we shouhl be inclined to regard as mnst concltsive as to the identity of the mosquito. lie is not muchI to look at. Like a certain soldier mentioned in XXOFitON'S " Cro pre.lit," hIe is neither great nor strong to see, but he excels in conning. lie is the tiniest, firailest, and most lshadovy-looking of all hateful things. iHe is in his normai state only like the disembodiedl ghost of a gnat. Some Iof tile corrispoh, lnts of our contempories put thermslvu s out of court at once as witnesses to Ihis idetnity by de scribing him in telms which'l plainly showy lait they weru thinking of n persecu.tor almost as lrgbe as n bhlie-botale lr. Nor is it merely that the mosquito is so very 1mall -"or thUer nre crertttlrsP mlhll Smnaller titaln he, and yet visible to the nuked y~u-but he is so Rnant, atlenuatedl , nnd bloolcess, thLat tile north which nl]imedl housewives look for in solh e-.hions and hlearthlrugs is robust andl plethoric by compa:rison. But it seemns to us that if the evidence of sight be decep tive, the testimony of the ears ought to Ieo conclusive. "'The Moor-I know hIis trum Iet !" exclaims iago. " The T mosquito -; know his trumpet !" every one mi'ght exclaim with equal assurance of being in the ri.hi wiro, having once heard that stirring sound, is doomend to heat it again. Whoi, that has ever closed his eyes for rest in a New Jersey villane, or in the cabin of a Miississippi steHn?mr, and, s-ugly liraped anti canopied with his mosquito curtains, fnciied himself secure, and suddenly s:arted iii will'tfiffriht to hear, within the very folls of his tent, that shrill, brief, thrilling, iandl vlholly in imitable trilinptt challengle, that awfi'il reveillez, that summons resemuiing in pur pose the invitation to the hugler " indeIr'the " walls of ?Moterey " in Longfeliows song, to come bortl to thy death "--who. wei ak, that has ever heard tlhat sounid, could inil to recognise it if hear.l again ? We are willin, therefore to admit that the mosquito is amon.g ts-if anybonly who has really heard him in his favourite haunts is prepared to say so. It only remains for us therelore to endeavour to mitis'ate the alarni caused by his unwelcome appearanic anli to show some reason why we should not aban don ouerslves to uinmanagealilo despair. Lr us nut overAli the moersnit. to berin with. Let us not all oe too eager to prove tiht ie has conferred upon u thlnt which 5some of our younger poets are fund of describing as " the kiss that stings." The mosquito, as a rule, is nt a creature that loves crowded ciies. lie is ltnd of heat andl ol inoistudr ; of the ex!,alantiot.s which rise fruin low- lying river banks ann1 fromn seething and mu:ar.hy places. Some of our tendrrs may peri;opsi be surplrised to IIhar that it woulif be qu(itel possible to live for years in out of the hotels in Broadway, or Fil: Avenue, New York, anil nevur know', excpit by report, of the little trrnster's existence. II til tilhe ,tter. w vehave read lately are tn.; twirrty, , then it would seem as if lie were making himself mlOOh morie it Ilolnte in Lnlion tlan If late yents Ihe Ilis ever ventured to dio in the cirt I' Newv York. 'iThatio, however, w prr-stllne, is only in thie irdtour of ,lew clonisarilon. \VWhen he leta to know the pIhce bh:tter lhe will doubtless learn thlt here, as well as in milre fmisliir regions, lie hais his a:pointed Placese, and that the interior of great cities is not his most congenia l luniting-ground. WVhen hI, heIeins to settle ?lwn, Ie will po bably confine himself to Rchmonud. and Ep ping Forest, and Hliamtsteald Hentli, nli Claphim Comm ,n, and hl;trer.eaPrk, andl to country towns by river banks end, ninbng marshles. IThlen, arain, it may be some c'on solation to knur that when pieoih; grow nccustomed to him, or he to them, they get to feel his presence less unbearable, and a considerable proportion do not heed him at all. Even of raw strangers there are always somenpon whom he is not able or does not care to make the least impressionl. A party of fresh, inexpert, English travellers enter together some mosquito realm abroad. Sdme of them next morning find their facrs, their necks, thelir arms, their legs, covered with huge and smirting blotches. Perlnhaps one or two have their eyes hlmost wholly closedl up. But, on thle other Iand, there arce almost certain to be one or two serene, un hIarmned, and aliparently invulnerable, who can soon address themselves to sleep as un copcersedly, whilhethe mosquito is sounding his shrilly horn, as though it were but a nightingnlale in a neighboring grove. A ce tain percentage of us therefore'are safe to get off unscathed even at the beginning. A much larger proportion may be set down as certain to grow in course of time impervious to the mosquito's most vicious puncture. Meanwhile it is not impossible that the little emigrant may find out that he has mistaken his grouud. We are all fond, when our two or three warm days come in the sum mer, of playing at tropical manners. Some of us.are found wreathing our brows with folds of white. Some are repeating the stories of one man who found London hotter thri' Calcutta; of a second who averred that NIew Yorli in the dog.daiys was mill to it; and of a third who. caught cold. by.a too sudden removal rrom- 3elgravia to SenegAm bin. Still,; we fancy the f',ct is established 'lihi ours is not, a very warm climate. We hlre great hopes that the mosquito will re ordl his ovwn bodily temperature more than ouir hahvaiour or the stories Ie may bheer; tlht tIe will .judge firom himself, findi our Iist. our atmosphere is rather cool for his lialiirs, and retnrn to his native swamps. 