THE NOVELIST. UNCLE SILAS. BY J. S. LE FANU. CHAPTER. I.-AUSTIN RUTHYN, OF KNOWL, AND HIS DAUGHTER. IT was winter-that is, about tho second week ii November-and gre'it gusts were rattling at tin windows, and wailing find thundering among ou: tall trees and ivy chimneys-a very dark night and a very cheerful fire blazing,'a pleasant mix ture of good round coal and spluttering dry woori in a genuine old fireplace, in a sombre old room Black wainscoting glimmered up to the ceiling, ii small ebony panels; a cheerful clump of waj caudles on tho tea-table; many old portraits, sonn fri m and pale, others pretty, and some very grace ul and charming, hanging from the walls. Fov> pictures, except portraits long and short, wore there. On the whole, 1 think you would havi taken the room for our parlour, lt was not like our modern notion of a drawing-room, lt was r long room too, and every way capacious, but irre gularly shaped. A girl, of a littlemore than seventeen, looking, 1 believe, younger still; slight and rather tall, wi th a great deal of golden hair, dark grey-eyed, and with a countenance rather sensitive and melan choly, was sitting at the tea- table, in a reverie J "was that girl. The only person in tho room-the only person in the house related to me-was my father. He was Mr.Kuthyn, of lino wi, so called in his county, but he had many other places ; was of a very an cient lineage, who had refused a baronetage often, and it was said even a viscounty, being of a proud and defiant spirit, and thinking themselves highei in station and purer of blood than two-thirds of the nobility into whose ranks, it was said, they had boen invited to enter. Of all this family loro I knew but little and vaguely ;. only what is to be gathered from the fireside talk of ¿ld retainers in the nursery. I am sure my father loved me, and I know I loved him. With the suro instinct of childhood I apprehended his tenderness, although it was never expressed in common ways. 13ut my father was an oddity. He had been early disappointed in Palriament, where it was his ambition to succeed. Though a clever man, he failed thero, where very inferior men did extremely well. Then ho went abroad, and became a connoisseur and a collector; took a part, on Iiis return, in literary and scientific institutions, and also in tho foundation and direc tion of some charities. But he tired of this mimic government, and gave himself up to a country life, not that of a sportsman, but rather of a student, staying sometimes at one of his places and some , times at another, and living a secluded life. Bather late in life he married, and his beautiful . young wife died, leaving me, their only child, to Jais care. This bereavement, f have boen told, changed him-made him more odd and taciturn than ever, and his temper also, oxcept to me, more severe. There was also sonio disgrace about Iiis younger brother-my uncle Silas-which he felt bitterly. He was now walking up and down this spacious old room, which, extending round au angle at tho far end, was very dark in that quarter. It was his wont to walk up and down, thus, without speak ing-an exercise which used to remind me of Chautebriand's father in the great chamber of the Chateau de Coinbourg. At the far end ho nearly disappeared in tho gloom, and then returning emerged for a few minutes, like a portrait with a background of shadow, and then again in silence faded nearly out of view. This monotony and silence would have been terrifying to a person les3 accustomed to it than I. As it was it had its effect. I havo known my father a whole day without once speaking to me. Though 1 loved him very much I was also much in awe of him. While my father paced the Jloor, my thoughts Wn'ö employed about the events of a month before. So few things happened at Knowl out of tho accustomed routine, that a very trilling occurrence was enough to set people wondering and conjecturing in that serene housohold. My father lived in remarkable seclusion; except for a ride,-he hardly over loft the grounds of Knowl, mid I don't think it happenedf twice in the year that a visitor sojourned among us. There was not even that mild religious bustle which sometimes besots tho wealthy and moral re cluse. My fa nh er had left tho Church of England for some odd sect, I forgot its name, and ulti mately became, I was told, a Swedenborgiun. But ho did not care to trouble me upon tho subject. So the old carriage brought my governess, when I had one, the old housekeeper, Airs. Rusk, and myself to the parish church every Sunday. And my father, in the view of the honest Hector who stood his head over him -" a cloud without water carried about of winds, and a wandering star to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness"-corresponded with the " minister" of his church, and was pro v >kingly contented with his own fertility and illumination; and Mrs. Rusk, who was a'sound and bitter church woman, said he fancied he saw visions and talked with angels like the rest of that " rubbitch." ' .1 don't know that she had any better foundation 1han analogy and conjecture for charging my father with supernatural pretensions; and in ail points when her orthodoxy was not concerned, she loved her master and was a loyal housekeeper. I found her one morning superintending prcpnru 1 ¡ons for the reception of a visitor, in the hunting ruoin. it was called, from the pieces of tapestry 1hat covered its walls representing scenes, rt l'a Wouvcrmans, of falconry, and tho chase, dogs, hawks, ladies, gallants, mid pages. In the midst . tit' whom Mrs. Rusk, in black silk, was rummaging drawers, counting linen, and issuing orders. " Who is coming, Mrs. Rusk ?" Well, she only know his name, lt was Mr, J'.ryerly. My papa oxpectod him to dinner, and to stay for some days. " I guess ho's ono ofîthose creatures, dear, for 1 mentioned his narnu just to Dr. Cliiy (tho Rector), (ind he says there is & Doctor Jîryerly, a great con jurer among the Swedenborg acct-and that's him, I clo suppose." in my hazy notions of those sectaries there was mingled a suspicion of necromancy, and a weird freeinasonary, that inspired something of awe ar antipathy. Mr. Bryerly arrived time enough to dress at h leisure, before dinner, iio entered tho drawinj room-a tall, lean man, all in ungainly black, wit a white choker, with either a black wig, or blac hair dressed in imitation of one, a pair of spe tacles, and a dark, sharp, short visage, rubbing li largo hands together, and with a short brisk nc to me, whom he plainly regarded merely as a chili he sat down before the lire, crossed his legs, au took up a magazine. This treatment was mortifying, aud I remernbe very well the resentment of which he was qui! unconscious. His stay was not very long; not one of i divined the object of his visit, and he did not pr» possess us favourably. He sueruocl restless, as me ol' busy habits do in country houses, aud took Avails and a drive, and read in tho library, and wrol half a dozen letters. His bed-room and dressing-room were at tho sic] of the gallery, directly opposite to my father' which had a sort of ante-room cn suite, in wilie were some of his theologicial books. The day after Mr. Bryerly's arrival, I was abor to seo whether my father's water caralie and gla: had been duly laid on the table in this ante-roon and in doubt whether ho was there, I knocked Í tho door. I suppose they were too intent on other mattel to hear, but receiving no answer, I entered th room. My father was sitting in his chair, wit his coat and waistcoat off, Mr. Bryerly kneclin on a stool beside him, rather facing him, his blac Bcratch wig leaning close to my father's grizzle hair. There was a large tome of their clivinit lore, I suppose, open on the table close by. Til lank black figure of Mr. Bryerly stood up, and li concealed something quickly in tho breast of Iii coat. My father stood iip also, looking paler, I thin than I over saw him till thon, and he pointe grimly to tho door, and said, " Go." . Mr. Bryerly pushed me gently back with hi hands to my shoulders, and smiled clown from hi dark features with an expression quite unintei ligible to mo. I had recovered myself in a second, and witli drew without a word. The last thing I saw at th door was tho tall, slim figure in black, and the darli significant smilo following mo : and then tho doo was shut and locked, and the two Swedenborgiau were left to their mysteries. I remember so well the kind of shock and dis gust I felt in the certainty that I had surprisei them at some,- perhaps, debasing incantation, suspicion ol this Mr. Bryerly, of the ill-fittin¡ black coat, nnd white choker, and a sort of fe» came upon me, and I fancied he was assorting som kind of mastery over my father, which very mud alarmed me. I fancied all sorts of dangers in tho enigmática smile of the lank high- priest. The iimage of ni; father, as I had seen him, it might be, confessing to this mnn in black, who was I know not what hauntod mo with tho disagreeable uncertainties o a mind very uninstructed as to the limits of tin marvel! ous. I mentioned it to no ono. But I was immensely relieved when the sinister visitor took his depar ture tbe morning after, and it was upon this occur renee that ray mind was now enjoyed. Some one said that Doctor Johnson resembled ¡ ghost, who must bo spoken to before it will speak Sut my father, in whatever else lie may have re semblßd a ghost, did not in that particular ; for n< one but 1 in bis household-and 1 very seldom dare to address him until first addressed by him 1 had no notion how singular this was until Î began .to go out a little among friends and rola tions, and found no such rule in force anywhere else. As I leaned back in my chair thinking, this phantasm of my father came, and turned, and van ish ort with a solemn regularity. It was a peculiai figure, strongly made, thick-set, with a face large and very stern ; he wore a loose, black velvet coat and waistcoat. It was, however, tho figuro of au elderly rather than an old man-though ho was then past seventy-but firm, and with no sign of feebleness. 1 remember tho sturt with which, not suspecting that ho was close by me, I lifted my eyes, and saw that large, rugged countenance looking fixedly on me, from less than a yaitl away. Alter 1 saw him he continued to regard me for a second or two ; and then, taking one of the heavy candlesticks in his gnarled hand, ho beckoned me to follow him; which, in silence and wondering, I accordingly did. . Ile led ruo across tho hall, where there were lights burning, and into a lobby by tho foot of the back stairs, and so into his library. lt is along, narrow room, with two tall, slim windows at tho far end, now draped in dark cur tains. Dusky it was with but ono candle ; and lie paused nour the door, at tho left-hand side of which stood, in those days, an old- fashioned press or cabi net of cawed oi.k. In front of this he stopped. Ho had odd, absent ways, and talked moro to himself, I believe, than to all tho rest of tho world put together. "She won't understand," ho whispered, looking at mo inquiringly. " No, shu won't. Will she r1" Then thero was a pause, during which he brought forth from Iiis breastpocket a small bunch ol' some half-dozon keys, on one of which ho looked frowningly, every now and then balancing it a little before his eye?, between his finger and thumb, as ho deliberated. I knew him too well, of course, to interpose a word. "They are easily frightened-ay, they are. I'd bettor clo it another way." And pausing, lie looked in my face as he might upon a picture. "They arc-yes-I had bettor clo it auother way -another way; yes-and she'll not suspect-she'il not suppose." Then ho looked steadfastly upon tho key, and from it lo ino, suddenly lifting it up, and said abruptly, "Soo, child," and after a second or two - " Jiomvuibcr this kuy." lt was oddly shaped, and unlike others. " Yes, Sir." 1 aiways called him " Sir.*' " lt opens that," and ho tapped it sharply on the door of tho cabinet. " In tho daytime it is always here," at which word h? dropped it into his pocket i again. " You see ?-and at night under nay pillow -you hear me ?" ''Yea sir." "You won't forget this cabinet-oak-next the door-on your left-you won't forgot ?" " No sir." " Pity she's a girl, and so young-ay, a girl, and ; so young-no sense-giddy. You say, you'll re member y " Yes, sir." " lt behoves you." Ile turnod round and looked full upon me, like a man who lias taken a sudden resolution ; and I think for a moment he had made up his mind to tell mo a great deal more. But if so, he changed it again ; and after another pause, he said slowly and sternly "You will tell nobody what I" have said, under pain of my displeasure." " Oh ! iio sir." " Good child !" " Except," he resumed, " under one contingency ; that is, in case I should bo absent, and Doctor Bryerly-you recollect the thin gentleman, in spec tacles and a black wig, who spent threo days here last month-should come and enquire for the key, you understand, in my absence." " Yes, sir." So he kissed me on the forehead, and said " Let us return." Which, accordingly, we did, in silence; the storm outside, like a dirge on a great organ, ac companying our flitting. 