S Weallsend, February 13tb, 1874. S To the Rev. Father Grassi. T DAXt BoTninR r THB Lo D Jsusa. Knowing that a expression of holy, sincero love. emanating from a ikofound feeling of sympathy, is always acceptable and refreshing to the spirit, as well as cheering and\encouraging to the soul en gaged in a great aud h1ly work, we humbly venture ia forward this expreiion of love and sympathy which we feel, and in felt by all the true followers of the Lord Jesus in hose colonies, and to make known to you the delght with which we read the news of Father Gras 's conversion. \- Again, believing tht an expreseion of sympathy emanating from so rote a region as this (which only a few years ago as a wilderness and a solitary dplac) but now inob ited by many of God's chil dren, who are made rejoice by learning this ii portant and graci event- believing, we say, that a letter, emana ng from so remote a quarter as this, would be both .cheering aad encouraging, we forward this expression of love. under a deep nonse of Latitude to Almighty God for this manifestation of His goodness and mercy, as displayed in this re markable pr,.vidence by which Father Grasi has keen brought out -of darkness into the glorious light and liberty of the Gospel of our Lord and B.ariur Jesus Christ Incapable of loving gratitude to God, dull and insensible-or fienumnledhy cold indifference must that heart be that can not rejoice as it learns this glerious news, and contemplates this most remark ahle and momentous event, fraught with so much interest to the Church of Christ. Whi'e we rejoice in the fact that so illustrious n person hba become one with us-a member of the NaPOsat Church-yet we rejoice more in the fact 'iis sinflitely higher, that you are one with Christ, ~ tving Tased from death unto life, regano a.'ed by the Holy Ghost, mule a now creature in Chr nt Jouis, berA again-born after the powers of ai.encle'elst t it h a living faith in a living * hfled avour. "i? this latter sense it in that the -rettatnMof r chhrchli unite in this ex ret of rej ~ in sympathy and love. alain. we rejoid because in this event we see in some nes.ure a begiuning of khe resurrection of the saughtered witnesses, our Firefathers, the Alliqiensethe Waldenses, and the E[guenots, whose blood sta e4l th: Alpine mo-n tain, the Pienmontese vall'>sY and the Languodoc. We t ko the deepest interest in this event, also a*.are?s we believe it mirk* another important spook in the Church's history. Our liearts were thrilled with holy joy as we road rsar letter to the Church of Rome, and the stern, *selute. and oourageou firmness manifested while ?-lressing the powere of the Inquisition on your .t*t. viit to the Vatican. We recognise God's glosdneu in imparting such holy, apostolic, unflinch g? boldnes to you while defending tho truth and LimIncing the blasphemous error of Rome before n-a inexorable enemies in such a place, surrounded y ponderoun walls that were never known before o llow one to escape who dared to denounce the ,- ore and dark deeds perpetrated in the name of he Inquisition. We coagratulate you on your de iv ;rance from such implacable fees. and thank God or your resene from destruction and death. W- recogaise God's providential care and his evidnes and mercy by which you have bpen spared n witn*s the ;ruth as it is in Jesus. We bless lo I for the liberty you enjoy, of proaching the Gons .4, even in Rome, and for that universal lib-rty -.re san loriously and nderfully bestowed upon i te r0ole Italian em Prying that you say long be paral teiei the truth as it it is in iarkl iide glorious ' rv5\i6'Cwst, and the yoe salvat on m'sv the t fruit0 of the salvation oeount'ess mil noes redeemed out of every nation, d kim-dred, S-l peplhr, and tongue, through the b d of the , ab i'n from the foun lations of the'%rorld. Io-srs in profound reapeet, and in the faith and love t Christ, S " THOMAf fOBY, Pastor IBaptist Church. (Signatures to follow) 