TOBY ON SPIRITISM. SAID Mr. Punch to Toby, "Sir, To Castlemaine you go, As our express Commissioner Who wants to know, you know, About the Spiritistic Faith Revealed the other day, To which the Prophet Tyerman saith The Scriptures must give way;" Though mad must be the man who tries To set aside a creed While nothing better he supplies Its place to supercede. Truth, mercy, purity and love, Our sacred writings teach— Has something better from above Been placed before our reach? So Toby scampered off to learn What spirits had to say, And made it his express concern, To go the quickest way. To Spencer street away he ran, Just caught the moving train, And ere the seance had began Was safe at Castlemaine. The friends at P------ house had met; The circle was complete; Politely they for Toby set An honorary seat. The light put out, they sang a hymn, To whom we cannot tell, Then came a tedious interim, Which Toby thought a sell. When suddenly the ghost appeared, With visage sour, and long; A turbaned head, a flowing beard, A body big and strong. Around he floated in the air, Saluted all his friends; At length observing Toby there, Close to his chair descends. "You're welcome, my inquiring friend, And we delight in those Who don't disdain their tin to spend To see our wondrous shows. My name is Solon, spirits here Are under my control, I come from a far higher sphere, A long departed soul. He mizzled in a pale blue flash, In silence sat they all, When something heavy with a crash Near Toby's chair did fall. A light was struck, and there appeared A splendid flitch of bacon! Which Mr. P. to us, declared Was from his larder taken! But how it came, through wood and lime, It puzzled him to say; Such miracles in modern time Don't happen every day. Out went the lights, they all join hands, The medium works the charm, Confucius came at her commands, With Plato, arm in arm. Then Zoroaster showed a flame, Just like a penny squib, And Socrates gave in his name, Or someone told a fib. Old Homer came with postman raps, And sung a stave in Greek, And lots of other ancient chaps Made tables tilt and speak, And someone struck a match that smelt Of brimstone dreadful strong, Which odour Toby's nostrils felt, And fancied something wrong. So when the window in the dark They opened just for air, Toby skedaddled for a lark, Unknown to people there. That evening came a mighty thud, Which made the table jerk— They struck a light—when, plain as mud, Were sausages of pork. Pork sausage!—where was Toby? Oh! They twigged the spirits' feat— Spirits had spirited the dog, And made him sausage meat. Toby looked on and wagged his tail, In waggish way outside; If laughter causes breath to fail, That dog should then have died. But Toby's home, and right and sound, And in his bow-wow manner Denounces all the spirits round As 'neath the devil's banner. He heard no word that skeery night Of God, or Nature's law, And growls disgust with all his might At devilries he saw. But one good thing he marked, the which Had much his fancy taken— And that he lost—the bacon flitch— He never saved his bacon. 