ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. On Saturday the body of a man known as Old Martin was found in the Merri Greek, near Campbellfield. It is supposed to have been there for some considerable time, as the body , was so decomposed that it was impossible to identify it The deceased, however, was known by the clothes he wore. Eleven sovereigns and some silver was found in his pockets. The man appears to have committed suicide in a most deter mined manner, his left hand being tied to his leg by a woollen comforter. . Duncan J. Rankin, who was remanded last week on a charge of stabbing Robert Frost, was dealt with by the City Bench on Monday. . He said that he was attacked and defended himself, but lhat he used no .knife. Mr. Sturt, P.M., said that there was no doubt the prisoner had 'stabbed Frost,but it was not veiy clear whether he had used the knife wilfully or had happened to have it in his hand when he committed the assault. He was sentenced to a month's imprisonment. In reference to a telegram from Belfast stating that a man named Dennis Cass had been arrested on a charge of committinga capi tal assault under aggravated circumstances, ' upon a married woman named Mary Windel, we learn from the Warrnambool Standard that the accused wps brought np at the Koroit Police Court last Wednesday, when the case against him entirely broke down. The pro secutrix swore to the commission of the offence one afternoon, bat the prisoner called in his defence a1 fellow-workman named Kennedy, who stated that Cass had been in his company on the day in question until the evening. The Bench expressed a doubtas to the credibility of the prosecutrix's evidence^ and discharged the accused. Our Sandhurst correspondent reports; on Saturday"A man named James Don nelly met with a fetal accident this morning in the mine of the Shamrock Company, Golden-square, He was instructed on going to .work this morning to make a measure ment of the ground between the 130ft level aha the -100ft level, as it was intended by the company to let thai portion of the mine oh tribute.' For that purpose he went down to the 100ft level, from which he desoended to the 130ft level, where he commenced measuring the ground. When* last seen he hada lighted candle, in his hand. Shortly afterwards he fell, down the shaft from the 130ft level to the bottom, a distance of 270ft, and was killed instan taneously. It is thought that the deceased's candle must have gone out &nd; that in the dark he walked into the shaft An inquest was held upon the body during? the after noon, and o verdict of accidental death returned. The deceased leaves a wife and two young children unprovided for." 1 At the Sahdridge Police Court on Monday, Robert Preston^ aboy of about 16 years of age, pleaded guilty to four charges of unlaw folly injuring two horses; belonging to his master) Dr.Pliimmer/to the extent of £3. The particulars of this case have already been published. It was stated that , the boy had till lately denied all knowledge of ths offence, and endeavoured to cast suspicion on an mnbceritpersoh. The only motive which he gave for catting off the horses' manes and tails was that he liked living at Gisborne, but^not^At Sandridge^and in^urwl the^ani. with them .to Gisborne. The prisoner was remanded till Thursday for sentence,. Shortly afteir2 o'clock on Tuesday morning a fire broke put jn Market-street, Emerald-hill, which in a very short time totally destroyed two old wooden cottages belonging .to Mr. Maxwell, one occupiea by Mrs. Griffin, and the other by a .Mr. M'Lellan. A wood and coal yardwaa attached to one of the cottages, the contents of which were also destroyed. A man, who is believedto be an escaped lunatic, has been frightening people at Haw. thorn, bJ going about at night in a white sheet as a ghost. One young girl named Brookfield, a servant, was so frightened by him that she had a succession of fits, and bad to be sent home by her mistress. The unfortunate man who has been the cause of this has Men, it is reported, found dtad in a waterhole at Boroondara. A fetal accident occurred at Colling wood oh Sunday. In the afternoon a "boy, named Thomas D. Serrett, tookoff his clothes on : the Yorra hank, intending to have a bathe, and jftmpedlnto therfver, ■ He sank Imme diately, andwasdirowned. \- AuatingattempttOTobthe Bank of Vic toria at. Epsom is reported to the BendSgp Evehtftfy 'Newtoi Wednesday" The burglar, or btfrglars rather, for it ia believed there were moire than one, got over tbe corrugated iron fenceat the rear of the bank, had havin| deliberately to force thaw way into a private elttihgroom. They bored hotai evidently with a brace bit, bnt this did not suc 6eed, ■ as there was ah iron ' lining at the back. They broke a pane of glass in the door, and Wifencned off the lock. They thenproceeded to force open two other doors, and had eventually got into the bank, when Mr. Simpson, hearing a noise, got up, and the burglar or burglars decamped, bolting tbe back way, without taking anything with them. Mr. Simpson saw the appearance of some person rushing off in the dark, and he fired the contents, of a gun after him. The robbery, though frus trated, was evidently well planned. The outrage was committed between 4 and 5 o'clock a-m." This is the third attempt made to rob this bank. Two human bodies were found in the. Yarn on Thursday. One was that of a man apparently ft labourer, which was found floating down the stream above Prince's bridge at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, by a boatman. The hands, of the deceased were tied in front of the body with what appeared to be a piece of tape or ribbon. The feet were also tied together, and there was a Btone fastened to the feet, but the string being rotten, broke when the body was being taken from the water, and the stone sank. The string fastening the hands also broke. There was apparently a wound on the head, but whether the skull was fractured could not he ascertained. The body was removed to the Morgue, for identification and inquest. The other body was that of a woman, and was picked up in the Lower Yarra, opposite the Queen's wharf, at about half-past 4. There was a wound on the head. It was also removed to the Morgue. Some women who saw it said they thought by the dress that the body was that of a young woman who jumped into the Yarra about three weeks ago. Both bodies had apparently been two or three weeks in the river. Robert Preston, tbe lad who disfigured the ponies belonging to Dr. Plummer and Mr. David Thomas, was brought before the Sand ridge Police Court on Thursday for sentence. Mr. Mollisonsaid the charge wasa most serious one, as the prisoner had not only committed a most uncalled for offence, but had endea voured afterwards to throw the blame upon an innocent person. Out of consideration for the prisoner's youth, he let him off with the light sentence of 20s. fine and £5 damages —in default of payment, one month's im prisonment—in each of the four charges, the punishment to be cumulative. 