PORTFOLIO. The virtue of prosperity is temperance; 'the virtue of adversity is fortitude. Pro sperity is the blessing of the Old Testa ment; adversity is the blessing of the New, which carrieth the greater benedic tion and the clearer revelation of God's favour. Yet, even in the Old Testament, if you listen to David's harp, you shall hear as many hearse-like airs as carols, and the pencil of the Holy Ghost hath laboured more in describing the afflictions of Job than the felicities of Solomon. Prosperity is not without fears and dis taste; and adversity is not without com forts and hopes. We see in needleworks and embroideries it is more pleasing to have lively work upon a sad and solemn ground than to have a dark and melancholy work uponalightsomeground : judge, therefore, of the pleasures of the heart by the pleasure of the eye. Certainly, virtue is like precious odours, most fragrant where they are incensed or crushed; for pros perity doth best discover vice, but adversity doth best discover virtue.-Bacon. I have already observed that when we let in religious considerations, we often let in light upon the difficulties of nature. So in the fact now to be accounted for, the degree of happiness we usually enjoy in this life may be better suited to a state of trial and probation than a greater degree would be. The truth is, we are rather too much delighted with the world than too little. Imperfect, broken, and pre carious as our pleasures are, they are more than sufficient to attach us to the eager pursuit of them. A regard to a future state can hardly keep its place as it is. If we were designed, therefore, to be in fluenced by that regard, might not a more indulgent system, a higher or more un interrupted state of gratification, have interfered with the design ? At least it seems expedient, that mankind should be susceptible of this influence when presented to them: that the condition of the world should not be such as to exclude its opera tion, or even to weaken it more than it does. In a religious view (however we may complain of them in every other) privation, disappointment, and satiety are not without the most salutary tenden cies.-Paley; 