THE MAITLAND VISIT. Fuller particulars have come to hand since last issue about the Maitland visit of Dr. Vaughan. The whole proceedings may be grouped under the three headings. The reception and address. The sermon and collection. The dinner and speech. First, the reception and address. A procession was formed to escort his lord ship to the church, and as the trains brought down from the country every Romanist round about, the crowd was great, and consisted, as an informer tells us, of all sorts, kinds and varieties — a most motley gathering. The girls of the convent school, dressed in white, gave picturesqueness to the scene ; and, accord ing to instruction, they knelt upon the ground to receive the " blessing of his Grace " as he " passed by." His Grace at length got to church, and there with due kissing of his ring or hand, he was duly reverenced. The humility which Romanists show to the Pope is to kiss his toe or slipper ; but not so profound rever ence is due to an Archbishop; his due is only that his hand or glove or ring be kissed. Well, all such man worship being completed, an address was presented to him, which, while welcoming his Grace, told him that the "Catholics cannot accept a secular education without endangering their faith, for faith," said they, " comes by hearing !" We have no doubt that in the getting up of this address the priests had a chief hand, and that the laymen who read it and signed it were mere dummies playing a part in the great farce of the day. We are quite sure they did not understand what they were saying or signing, when they delivered to the Coadjutor the two expressions which we have quoted. They were made to assert " Catholics cannot accept a secular educa tion without endangering their faith, for faith comes by hearing ;" but surely they did not understand ; for if " faith comes by hearing" "hearing comes by the Word of God ;" but Catholics have always stoutly resisted the " Word of God," and won't let it into the schools, neither for hearing nor for reading, neither in the Protestant version, nor in the Douay ver sion ! Then, what a sad confession that " the Catholic faith " is endangered unless reading, writing and arithmetic be taught under the eye of the priest; and with illustrations, copy lines and geographical descriptions which tell lies for the good of the church ! But it is a false imputation which the " address " makes when it states that they will never "imperil the salva tion of their children by denying them the knowledge which comes by hearing." Poor men Messrs. Mitchell, Hyndes, Ewens and the others simply proclaimed their ignorance and showed that they were playing into the hands of the priests, with out knowing it, by making such statements; for the question which is being agitated just now is not the duty of giving religious education to the children, but the doing so at the expense of the State. Nevertheless, these lay gentlemen, who gave the address, had better try to discover the little priest craft involved in the expression put into their mouths — " the knowledge which comes by hearing !" for it is a priestly snare which repudiates the knowledge which comes by reading and thought and judgment. The reply to the address was just like all the efforts of Dr. Vaughan — " the demonstration of kissing, bowing, proces sion and banners he accepted as an ex pression of loyalty to the hierarchical order of the Catholic Church — the address was beautiful— -and he thanked them in the name of Almighty God . On the question of education he gave them his views by a comparison. " On the coast of Spain there was a lighthouse built upon a rock, and an old man lived in it. There was land round about it stretching out into the sea which the sons of the old man. cultivated, and his sons sons dwelt upon it. The old man warned those people not to dwell on the land, but to live on the rock, because the soil would sink some day. ' They did so— they built on the rock, and the soil slipped away one day and was seen no more !" Whatever is to be said about the historic truth of this statement, the application is very clear. The light house is the Catholic Church— the rock is Peter — the old man is the Pope— the sons building on the rock are the faithful— the sea is infidelity- — and the slippery soil is, is, is— public education ! Now, who could answer all this? Alas ! the whole passage fills us with ideas about water and sink ing ! But Dr. Vaughan went on : — " The two things in which all Christians believe are the inspiration of the Bible, and the Divinity of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. But let secular education prevail, and Christ be kept out of our schools, and the Bible be put on one side: the private judgment of man, seeing Christ denied where he should be taught, would refuse eventually to accept Christ at all, and would say that he did not exist. This, indeed, is a marvellous passage from a Doctor of a Church which never has and never will admit the Bible into the schools. The new schools at Maitland will never see the Bible read ; and yet, forsooth, Dr. "Vaughan is terribly afraid of secular education, lest it should " put the Bible on one side," and lest it should " spurn the Word of God." What he wants is to give the " children the Bread of Life and the Cup of Salvation," and yet he never gives them a cup at all ; and his " Catholic schools are to make all the child ren noble, strong, and valiant people, pure- minded men and women ;" and yet, where- ever his "Catholic schools," and "noblest religion " have prevailed, there, ivariably, rags, civil and national debasement flourish as a matter of course. The second part of the programme was the sermon and collection. Our readers should know how Romanists manage when they intend to catch fish. It was remarked that every " Catholic " turned out on Sunday morning in his and her best in order to welcome the great prince of the Church ; but when they went to the chapel, only those were admitted who were likely to give money, and, of course, " other denominations " had a kind of preference. Thus the building was packed with those who were expected to give decent sums, and the rest were allowed to stand outside, or to wander round the Church until the fishing should be over. The sermon then went on, and when it was finished, the doors were locked, and none were allowed to go out unless by a back door, one by one, while the priests besieged them for money. The Arch bishop had said that he wanted £1500; and so by this plan of locking them in, and extorting from every one, some hun- reds were realized ! This will be called "liberality;" and so it is, but it is the liberality ot extortion. We should have liked to see the sermon in print; but this luxury, we fear, will now be denied us, because of our freedom with those already printed. Suffice it to say, how ever, that it had nothing to do with the text ; and that its object was simply to blind the people on the question of educa tion, and then to "raise the wind " by the extortion of money. The third parts of the programme was the dinner and speech. The contract price of the so-called dinner was Is. 6d. each, so that its " sumptuousness" will be understood ; but the price of the ticket was -7s. 6d. single, double, 12s. 6d. About 230 sat down, so that the profit may be guessed. The " dinner " cured some hungry Protestants who went for pleasure and profit ; they found it necessary to take dinner at home after the feasting of the evening was over ! But the speech, " Oh the speech' of the evening, that of Dr. Vaughan," what is to be said of it ? What? only what may be said of all his other speeches — the blowing of a horn. First, he said that he had received great kindness from everybody, and that the reason was because he always spoke the truth ! He does not see that the very opposite may be the reason in good "philosophy," viz., men pity the delusions under which he labours, and deal with him as they deal with deluded people who seem to be earnest ! Then, he said that he had been told that he would be a very " good pill " if he were not " a Catholic" — "the mischief was in his creed." Exactly, although we doubt about the " pill"— Catholic or no Catholic! It is his creed which spoils him, as it spoils everyone else who is deluded into the belief of it. Then he went on to say that he always " made friends' by the truth and thankfully received light, from others who took the trouble to give it him ; but that no one has yet taken the trouble to try to convert him." ' All this is " funny ;" but it is not true ; for we have shown him some attention in some sixteen letters, and he has not get dared to answer one of them. ' Then he talked about philosophy govern ing the world, and about the philosophy which he, as Rector of St. John's, is going to teach to rule the colony ! We know the philosophy of Dr. Vaughan and of his master and Vice-God, Pius IX. It is summed up in this — " the Church is above the State, and rulers and people ought to be subject to the Church ; and all heretics. ought to be burned." We know that it is the ambition of this philosophy to govern the world, and of Dr. Vaughan to govern the colony. Dr. Wiseman went to England to govern in the Pope's name; but the world is learning as well as the young men in St. John's, and we shall see who is to govern — the Queen or Dr. Vaughan in the name of Pius ! Then followed the following specimen of what may be called Vaughan eloquence : — " Now, it is possible that you think me one of those obscurants, one of those Ultramontanes, of whom we read in some newspapers (laughter); one of those men who do not like to open the windows, and who keep out the light, bind the intellect, enslave the soul, drag down the people, make them priest-ridden, and force them to obey with a kind' of blind impulse the tyrannical word of man, and all kinds of things. You can make grand rhetorical speeches on that theme, and I know a paper to put them in. (Laughter.) But I have no secrets. I have come to tell you my principles of education. Of course I cannot go into small details. Just as philosophy governs the world, so the principles of education, produce the result of what I call a grand, noble, Catholic gentleman. I do not talk much about my ancestors. My ancestors were Catholics. All your ancestors were Catholics. And if people say to me, ' My ancestors were not Catholics,' I say, ' Ah, per haps you do not belong to a very old family.' (Laughter.) I do not like to be very hard upon them." Dr. Vaughan is strong and dangerous in his laughing. He is so well fed, so "good looking," of such an ancient family, in such perfect good terms with himself, and so bouncing in his laugh that silly people are apt to be " impressed ;" and only in this is he anything else but very weak. The Infidel Voltaire was more dangerous than others of his brethren, because while he laughed and mocked and jeered and spoke flippancies, they were severe and natural. So with Dr. Vaughan ; his rhetoric is set off with a laugh, his " pills " with gilding, and his sophistries with an allusion to his " ancient family.'" He says, for instance, with his jocularity, " perhaps you think me one of those obscure people, the Ultramontanes ; " don't believe him, the Ultramontanes are not " obscure " however much they like the darkness. " Perhaps you will think me one of those people who do not lift the blinds and who are priest-ridden ;" but his dealing in " blinds " and his capacity for riding, and his enslaving of the people, can not be disposed of with a joke. It is nevertheless true that the Romish people are priest-ridden and dragged down ; and the paper which makes that quite clear is no doubt rather troublesome to Dr. Vaughan. The Protestant Standard is destined to give him some trouble yet ; he knows that, and hence he would like to bespeak by a Vaughan-laugh the people's discredit of the paper. But this won't answer the account which the paper is running up against Dr. Vaughan in unanswered and unanswerable letters which are appearing in it. Dr. Vaughan boasts of his "ancient family," and he jokes at those who are not Catholics as not belonging to an " ancient family ;" but if Dr. Vaughan will trace his family back a few steps more, he will find that it was not Catholic, but Pagan, \- actually bowing down to wooden gods ! This is only another laughing argument to insinuate that because 300 years ago most people were Catholics, therefore the Refor mation was wrong, and that the ancient religion was the " Catholic religion." The argument passes when a joke, because if seriously put other people would laugh at Vaughan then went on to speak about an " Australian sovereign," with Australia on the one side and my Queen on the other." " I have my Queen " says he, "on this sovereign." Was not this very loyal on the part of a monk, who uses a cowl, and who actually had the honor of once showing the Prince of Wales through a monastery ? But all this is laughing argument. " My Queen " is only second to " my King—the Pope." The oath to my Queen " is of no value if "my King" says so. Allegiance to " my Queen " goes to the wall if allegiance to " my king " requires it ; so the jaughing argument does not cover the known disloyalty of Ultra montane Romanists. Here is the conclusion to the famous Maitland speech ;— ' "And to my other friends who are not of the Catholic religion, I say, never be afraid of a truly Catholic man ; for if he be so, he is truth itself, he is honesty itself, he is purity itself, he is eyerything God would have him to be, because he is Catholic and apostolic. (Applause.)" As a peroration to rubbish this rubbish is quite in keeping and needs no reply. We hope the Protestants who disgraced themselves ts go to the dinner, disgraced themselves still moxre to give money, and disgraced;, themselves yet more still by listening to the harangue of which the above is the conclusion, will be edified. We hope, however, that others will notice the jokes and laughing of the Coadjutor, by which he hopes to make "friends." The colony is now to take note, and the Protestants who give money to Popery especially, that Dr. Vaughan himself, who of course is " truly a Catholic man," and every other who submits to him, is "truth itself" " honesty itself," " purity itself," and everything God would have him to be because he is Catholic and Apostolic." Under these circumstances our only player is, "The Lord pity us — and all other heretics." The Romish paper at Windsor will probably be more careful now in attributing those tactics to others which are familiar to all who believe" in the maxims "that the end justifies the means," and that the highest motive in human action is " the good of the church." The gentleman (Romanist) who had his fun about selling kerosene by the pound, and who went to law to prove that he was not a Papist, got nothing for his pains ; and now, when that gentleman's superior is taken to the Supreme Court for accusing a Protestant for doing only that which a Romanist would do, he goes home again minus some- thing more than £60 for his pains. Both lessons will be salutary ; and we hope that new the Hawkesbury Times will have a little more consideration for the character of its neighbours. We like that strong writing which is borne out by fact and argument. We like that a man in earnest should show his earnestness by the use of such terms as the occasion requires ; but we detest that low method which merely calls names, and imputes motives for which there is not a shadow of proof. In the argument between the Romanist and the Protestant it is not possible to avoid allusion to motives ; but then when this is done it ought to be on ground which is quite apparent and justifiable. For ex ample, when priests profess to believe the absurdities which they teach and the lives of saints which they read, and the claims which they put forth, it is impossible to avoid suspecting their honesty. How can they believe the monstrous dogmas of their church which contradicts that "strong common sense " of everybody, which Dr. Vaughan praises so highly ? When lay gentlemen of education profess to believe those priestly absurdities which are op posed by Scripture, common sense, and history, it is impossible to avoid suspect ing sinister reasons. Thus far reference to motives is not only allowable but in evitable. If Romanists will find any room in Protestants for such suspicion ef motives, they are welcome to do their best in pointing it out ; but when they do otherwise it is right to let the law take its course. We shall conclude our critique on the so-called "Little Treasury of Indulged prayers," the absurdity of which we have abundantly proved, with a few more quotations. We give the following, which is called " a prayer," to which the explan ation is added — "Which, if said three times on Good Friday is said to liberate thirty-three souls ; if said devoutly thirty- three times on any other day, liberates three souls." Let our readers then look at this wonderful prayer which is said to have such wonderful arithmetical effects on different days : — "I adore thee, 0 most sacred cross, which has been adorned with the tender delicate and venerable hands and feet of my Lord Jesus Christ, and dyed with his most precious blood. I adore thee O most sacred cross for the love of my true Lord and God, Jesus Christ. Amen." Now, we appeal to our Roman Catholic friends ; are they not ashamed of their " little Treasury ?" They are told to speak to a piece of wood — they are told to adore it — they are told to adore it with the same worship which they give to Christ — and they are made to tell lies to that piece of wood which the priest holds up to them to adore ! Never idolatry of the heathen went further than this ; and while the people are worshipping the wood, the people and the priests know quite -well that , they are telling lies ; for while they are saying " I adore thee, O cross," and saying that ," thou hast been adorned with the feet and hands of Christ axnd dyed with his blood," that wood which they are so addressing never did either of these things ! It might be something to say this to the very cross on which Christ suffered, but to say it to every piece of wood which a priest gets a carpenter to nail together and paint black, is surely the greatest absurdity and falsehood which reasonable beings could perpetrate. But even then, if the cross addressed were the very cross, the idolatry is gross and debasing. Roman Catholics are taught to say to the cross, ".0 sacred cross," "I adore thee," "sweet wood," : " sweet nails," - " o faithful cross,' " O noblest tree," "O holy tree ;" and yet an Apostle alludes to the cross as "shame ful and accursed." That some Apostle did indeed glory in the " cross of Christ," but it is manifest that he was not alluding to the wood, or the tree, or the nails, but to the doctrine of " Christ crucified." If Paul and the other Apostles had thought, the wood of the cross lovely, sweet, saving, adorable, and miraculous, it is but reason able that they would have tried to secure it whole and entire as they did the body of Christ. They would surely have chipped off pieces of it at least ; but not one of them thought of doing anything so heathen ish. On the contrary, though they begged and got the body of Christ, they so utterly disregarded the cross on which He suffered, looked at it as "accursed," and denied its right to " divine worship," that they never touched it ; arid the Romish fable is that on the very spot, three hundred years after, it was found perfect and complete, many feet under ground — the heathen having heaped santl and stones upon it ! The "little Treasury," nevertheless, teaches this gross absurdity and idolatry, and, with a good deal of Popish cunning tells the poor devotees of wood, that if they say this prayer once on Good Friday, it will take thirty-three souls out of Purgatory, but it will take only three souls out on any other day if said thirty-three times ! One's face turns red at such disgusting falsehood. The following rubric is appended to the so-called prayer : — "For the Religious of both Sexes. — The indulgence of the Stations of the most holy Sacra ment, so called because it is gained before the altar of the blessed Sacrament, by reciting six Our Fathers, six Hail Marys, and six Glorias, one of each of which must be for the Pope, is a greal treasure, and has an immense number of indulgences attached to it, since by repeating them you gain all the indulgences of Jerusalem and of the Pontinicula, and of St. Jarius in Gallieia ! No one should allow a day to pass without gaining so greats treasure at least once, since it may be gained as often as the conditions are fulfilled." In perfect shame that such folly and im piety should be exposed by Mr. Flanagan for twopence, Freeman affirmed in his review of the little Treasury that this was false and superstitious, and apt to bring religion into contempt ! The whole affair, from first to last, is so disgusting that even Freeman earnestly besought that it should be suppressed, kept in private, perhaps, but not exposed to heretics : as an exposure is calculated to do harm ; yet, let our read ers, Roman Catholics and others, notice this ; that the infallible " superiors " of Sydney, Dr. Vaughan, Dr. Polding, Father John, and others, have sanctioned this rubbish and falsehood, and Mr. Flanagan is selling it to priests and faith ful at 2d. each, " with large discount when quantities are taken ;" but Freeman in very shame that such corruption and superstition should be exposed, is affirming that it is false, not an indulged prayer at all, but the wild and baseless dream of some enthusiast, and calculated to injure the devotion of sensible people!! Holy Ware. — Our readers should know that the priest at Petersham has opened his shop for the sale of spiritual wares. He wishes money for the purpose of building him a house — a priest's house ; but his people so ill-appreciate his need and desire that they will not give him money, on the high principle of confidence and love ; and hence the offer which he advertises in Freeman, that he will sell his wares at a certain price, "defying competition," as the shopkeepers would say. If any of our readers feel an interest in spiritual goods, here are Father Leonard's offer and terms for subscrip tions — "He will offer the sacrifice of the Mass once a month for the spiritual welfare and happy death of all sub scribers ; and once a month for the repose of the souls of their deceased friends and relatives interred in the Petersham cemetery." Here surely is a chance of great blessings from the spiritual treasury of the Romish Church, as a quid pro quo for a little money ! Who would not send a sixpence to this most religious "fund," since for even that small sum his "spiritual welfare " will be secured by a " holy sacrifice once a month ;" and since even his dead friends may get repose, if only their ashes rest in the Petersham cemetery ! This is a fair sample of the holy Romish religion. Give the priests money — give them, chapels — priests' houses and schools ; and if you do not feel disposed to give from any sense of religious duty, at least be swayed by a sense of selfishness ; for, in return for your money, you will cer tainly get your money's worth ; "spiritual welfare" will be secured for you in life ; a happy death will be secured for you "at last ; and, if .your friends are buried in the Petersham cemetery, they will get repose from the flames of Purgatory ! This whole thing is so degrading and repulsive that we feel humiliated and defiled by the very recital of it. Just imagine ! Christ's body and blood and soul and divinity will be sacrificed in return for money ! The blessed Jesus will be immolated once a month for a few pence or shillings ! Spiritual welfare and a happy death will be given in exchange for a pound ; or two ! And the dead in Petersham cemeteiy will get repose from Purgatory if a donation be given to the priest ! And what is the money wanted for? Why, to give the priest a house to live in ? How reasonable men can tolerate such wickedness we do not know. It puts us in mind of, what Peter once said " Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gifts of God may be purchased with money." But then, this was the language of the true Peter ; while the language of Father Leonard is that of the " sham- Peter." The R. C. Bishop of Grafton and his priests have been making themselves con spicuous to the people of the Clarence as very Apostolic in their casting the devil out of the bell of the church there. If ever any thing was exhibited in Grafton by the Romish Church to demonstrate that it is a make-up of heathenism and Judaism with Christian names, it was when on Sunday, August 2, Bishop Mahony and his priests went through the ceremony of baptising and consecrating the bell of the church. The following is the account given by a Romanist of the affair. First, mass was said, that is, Jesus Christ was once again sacrificed. Selections of music were rendered, most " creditably executed." Father Kelly addressed the people that the bell to be baptized would henceforth be consecrated to the service of God ex clusively. Then the congregation went outside, where Father Callaghan spoke from a platform carpeted, referring to the capture of Jericho, when the walls fell to pieces. He also spoke of the use of " ceremonies in religion ;" as for example, says Father. Callaghan, "when Christ breathed on his disciples to give them the Holy Ghost," and, when he was transub- stantiating the bread into his body, he lifted up his eyes to heaven !" So that the body of Christ held the body of Christ, in its hand, and, when the body of Christ was thus being held by the body of Christ, Christ listed up his eyes ! The preacher then explained the ceremony of baptizing the bell ; he said that it was cleansed with water to show that everything in com parison with God is defiled, quoting, as he said, Scripture, "even the angels are not pure in his sight." But herein he did what the Devil does, misquote Scripture ; for Scripture says no such thing, (Job iv. 14, and xv. 15.) "The bell is anointed in four places to signify that its sound is destined to go forth to all parts to call men to worship God. Incense is cast upon it to show that it is a holy object. " This bell," he said, " will send its sweet sounds over the smooth waters of the Clarence River, and when it reaches the ears of men it will suggest wise and holy thoughts." " This bell," he added, " will in some sort participate in all the joys and sorrows of the people. Three times a day it will sound to invite you to contemplate the mystery of the incarnation of the Son of God. When the Lamb of God is about to be offered for the living and the dead, it will call you to join with the priest in the mystic sacrifice. It rejoices over the infant delivered by baptism from Satan. It will ring a joyful peal with the sacred rite by which the union of the sexes is sanctified ; and when the troublous scene of this mortal life is over the lugubrious toll of this bell will announce to the faithful that another soul has passed from this life and stands before its judge." Such, then, is Romish teaching, Romish superstition, Romish heathenism ; but yet, we are told, that a "creditable sum" was then collected and handed to the Bishop ! ! Let us give a fuller description of the baptism of bells in Canada,' by an eye-witness. First of all, there were prayers- — " Ut hoc tintin- abulum coelesti benedictione perfundere sanctificare et consecrare dignareirs" — to deign to rinse, sanctify and consecrate this bell with thy heavenly blessing." Then, a godfather and godmother were required to stand sponsors for the bell. Then, when the sponsors promised, on the bell's behalf, and the name given to the bell was Mary, the priest, with a brush, wet it in different places with the sign of the cross, "in nomine patris et filii et spiritus sancti," and wiped it with towels. Then, holy oil was put on the bell by the priest's finger, in the sign of the cross, and wiped with wool. Then, boys brought a censer with live coals and incense was thrown on it to smoke the bell. Then, the bell were rung. Then, the godfather and godmother pro duced their presents of linen and silk and laid them on the bell, which was duly decorated with ribbons, which, of course, became afterwards the property of the priests ! As soon as all this was done the people were allowed to ring the bell, and they did so with all' their might until they were exhausted, under the confident belief that the louder and longer they rung, the sooner would souls be released from Pur gatory ! Let our readers reflect that this is Popery. This, is what is called the religion of the Apostles ! This is said to be the pure Gospel of the true church ! And it is paraded in Grafton and the report is heard from the smooth waters of the Clarence River ! The whole affair was a miserable piece of necromancy, in which the Devil was cast out, for the sake of the considerable sum which was gathered from the spectators. We are certain that the villainy and immorality which have been public in con nexion with the prosecution of the two men Burdett and Van Heekeren are very common in this city. The City Corpora tion did a good thing, to which we spurred them oftener than once, when they made punishable the public exhibition of posters settingoqff the skill and warnings of secret doctors. The newspapers require a similar purgation for those expensive advertise ments which are repeated day by day in the leading journals are not kept up with out money ; and the money spent proves the amount of business done. We have often wondered that those secret quacks, who deal in pollution, are not watched and tracked by the police. They help the game which brings them grist. By crime they help to make crime easy. They make debauchery as comfortable as possible. They bargain with seducers for the most criminal of purposes. They induce un fortunate girls to risk their life for the purpose of helping them to hide their shame. And with fatal drugs, or unlaw ful instruments, or with violent hands they not only reduce child murder or foetus murder to a profession, but they practise upon ignorant and fallen girls in such a way that something like man slaughter must be a frequent result. One jury convicted Burdett, and he has been sentenced for a crime which is both horrible and base ; while another jury has acquitted Van Heekeren on grounds which must have astonished everybody, as un doubtedly the prisoner was astonished him self, by the leap which he gave. The girl no doubt was an accomplice. She went to the man for an illegal purpose. Per suaded by another she submitted to an operation which made her a party to a crime which, we fear, is considered by many as a very venial one ; but, notwith standing the pleading of her barrister, it as impossible to deny that her statement was perfectly worthy, of belief. Of course she was anxious to hide her shame. Of course she yielded to influence which had been brought to bear upon her. But was she therefore unworthy of belief when she testified that the secret doctor used pressure with his hand, and employed an unlawful instrument otherwise? We main tain that her story was perfectly consist ent and likely, notwithstanding the absurd attempt of the prisoner's barrister to make her out unworthy of credit and it is really for the discredit of the law that both the gir and the secret doctor escaped. The lamentable fact is that both the girl and (the polluted crew who feed upon the vice of which she was a victim, command the sympathy of a large class in the com munity: ('Society covers the wickedness of Child 'destruction and female debase ment. Impudent rascals who play the seducer beast of their exploits. Shameless girls think it clever to carry on their games and get rid of the results. And men in position, with families at home, rather laugh than scorn when those "fast pests " of a community, who otught to be excluded from every respectable house, get off from the punishment of their crimes. Our city cannot boast much of its moral tone ; nor will it ever be better until the family life of the people be purer than it is, and the law deals with the seducer in a much more effective manner than at present. Practical Joking. — It is not often that a prisoner is brought to trial upon the charge laid against Father Baronius, when he appeared before the tribunal at Treviglio, in Lombardo, at the end of April last. This worthy ecclesi astic was accused of putting a strong emetic into the wine which some of his brother priests were about to use in the celebration of mass, and his only defence was that he wanted to play a practical joke upon two of them who had recently come to Treviglio. They belonged to a different school of theology, and Father Baronius, who seemed surprised that his appli cation of emetics to religion should have caused so great a scandal, thought that if he could not convert them- he might at least punish them. It would have been useless for him to have denied the main facts of the accusation, as the dose was so strong that one of the victims was ill for a week, while the doctors at Treviglio, possessing but a very elementary knowledge of the healing smart, thought that he had been poisoned, and submitted him to so severe a diet that he was reduced to a skeleton. The offend ing priest was charged with the double count of misdemeanour and sacrilege, and was sen- tenced to seven months' imprisonment. — Bell's Messenger, . Antiquity or the Name Protestant. — "It will be remembered that the term ' Protestants' was first applied to the Reformers at Spires, about 300 years ago. But the name is not new but ancient. In 2 Chronicles xxiv. 19, we read — ' Yet he sent prophets to them to bring them again unto the Lord, and they testified against them, but they would not give ear,' &c.;, In the Vulgate it is, 'quos protestantes audire volebant.' So that, according to the Vulgate, the authorised translation of the Romish Church, they were ' Protestants,' who testified against the idolatry of Judah and Jerusalem in the days of old ! " A Sergeant-major writes, in reference to the recent Royal visit to Ashantee invalids at Netley Hospital : — " Her Majesty chatted a few minutes with me, and asked all about me. The doctor told her I had been through the Crimean and Indian campaigns, and on hearing my story her Majesty burst into tears. She in troduced, me to her youngest son and daughter, and they were as much affected as she was. Next day I received from Osborne a copy of 'Leaves from my Journal in the Highlands,' with this autograph Presented to Sergeant- major John Barclay, 42nd Highlanders. — Victoria R."' 