A TOUBIST'S IMPliliSSIONS ON A RECENT VISIT TO SOME OP THE CHURCHES IN RUSSIA. When St. Paul, in Lis travels, came to Athens, and saw the prevalence of a false religion, we read that his spirit was stirred within him. . This feeling has, doubtless, been e.vperienced by many of our readers, when, for f.ViH firsf. fiinie. filiAV 1IP.VA wif.nPHRArl filiA Tifirfnrm- auce of the Romish mass ; and this in some measure, I am bound to say, was my feeling in connection with much that I saw during a recent visit to some of the churches in Russia. \Vhat this latter may have to do with our work in . Ireland may nut at iirst seem very clear. These lines are penned, however, with the thought that the state of the Eastern Church will not, probably, be uninteresting to our readers, who so dcej;!\ nm passionate the cor ruptions of the Western O.'i iri'h, and they arc written also with the hope v. t wc know of the Greek Church on the one hand, and of the Roman on the other, we may he more thankful than ever that wo are members of our truly Scriptural, and, therefore, Catholic, and because Catholic, our Protestant Church, of England and Ireland. in July last, in company with a fellow- clergyman, I Avent to St. Petersburg and Moscoav. On our Avay to the former Ave touched at Helsingfors, in Pinland, where avc saAV our first Russian service. Here, also, avc heard a fair specimen of their liturgical singing, the harmony of Avliich was something different from anything avc had heard before. The biisses went doAvn to depths almost abyssmal, and the trebles soared to, and a'.'ere sustained at a height perfectly m.arvellous, Avliilst other voices were so profusely blended between the tAVO extremes, that I can compare the general effect to notliiiig better than to an exquisite AviiidoAV, Avhose colom's are so skilfully arranged, that although it may be difficult to say in Avbat part the beauty, resides, yet tbe effect of the wbble is perfectly enchanting. The Russian Church is not unmindful of th® aids Avhich art can give to the adurnineut religious places and Avorship. In St. Peters" burg, for instance, the magnificence of St. Isaac's Cathedral is surpassing. Beneath tlic four porticos outside are eight- and-forty granite pillars, each of a single piece, sixty feet high iind twenty feet roniid. The exterior of the dome, someAvhat like that of St. Paul's, is covered Avith beaten gold. In the interior, the bases and the capitals of the pilbu's are of bur nished brass, Avhilst the most bc.auliful marbles as stones nothing to be accounted of. The attractive feature, however, in most of the Russian churches is the screen Avhich parts off the holy place, into Avhieh Avomen are never allowed to enter, and in Avhich there is a certain spot on which no man's foot is allowed to tread, save that of the priest. The screen consists of a solid Avail, sometimes very high, and on Avhich enormous cost is often lavished. In the church of the Assumption, at Moscoav, the screen is one mass of gilding from top to bottom ; and in the screen at St. Isaac's there are sixty lofty pillars of Malachite, Avith tAvo blue ones in the centre, on either side of the sacred gates, of lapis lazuli. In the panels of the screen arc usually paintings of saints (those in St. Isaac's are of the most exquisite mosaics), and in the panel north of the gates is an eikon, or highly ornamented picture of the Virgin and Child. This appeared in most of the churolieB to bo "the" eikon jnir excellena;, and the riches in some eases lavished thereon Avas marvel- Ions. lu the Kazar Cathedral, for instance, in St. Petersburg, the Virgin Avas made to appear as if dressed in a garment of pearls, Avhilst diamonds of purest Avatur and almost innumer able, adorned other parts of the picture. A single diamond in an eikon at Moscoav isgvalued at tAvelve thousand roubles, the Avhole eikon having cost three hundred thousand roubles, or upAvards of forty thousand pounds. In keeping, too, Avith this inagniliccnce, is the gorgeousness displayed in the jiriestly vestments, some of Avhioh Avere slioAvii to us covered Avith gems and precious stones. To a lover of art, therefore, there is much to interest in the churcheB of Russia. One is so ' glad, too, ' to miss uiueh of that gingerbread ornaihentatiou and the dirt that so often prevails in the Roman churches further W est. The Russian churches, in general, are well-cared for, and clean, and their decora tions are (jood. This comparative absence of taAvdry ornamentation struck us in two churches especially, one at St. Petersburg and the other iit Moscoav, in Avhich are deposited the remains of the imperial families. .The tombs are all alike, of, pure , white marble, very simple and chaste, but very good. In some of the churches we saAV a 'hundier of keys of conquered cities, especially' those of Poland, laid oh the eon- querbfs' tombs. In sonie Avere banners and flags ta.keu in Avar. Some Avere theie from Persia, and some Averti there from France, and some from other ' eouutries j but I confess to a secret satisfaetion' at the time in seeing hone from dear old England. May the Russian and English flags never ag.iiu be unfurled by opposing columns ! r Having said thus much in favour of their sacred buildings it is Avith great sorrow that we are obliged to speak less favourably of the Avor- ship thai; is offered therein. The service is iiitpuod in antiquated language, of which we Avere told that the people could catch a word only here and there. The repetitions in the ser vice, the opening and closing of the sacred , gates, the Avnlkiiig in and out of the priest and ;cleacon, the ' censing and genuliexions, seemed almost, endless, as wo noticed particularly at the evening ser\'ice in the Straasnoi Convent at Moscow.; Eor tAvo AvhoIe hours did Ave endure it; the people standing all the while, or a'arying their posture by going doAvu on their knees, then on their hands, and finally touching the ground with their foreheads. These salutations the nuns told us, were often done for an enor mous number of times as a penance, tbe rosary being then commonly used to count the geuu- fiexiofls. One of the most terrible failings, hoAvever, as it struck us, is the famine tliat pre vails in the Russian Church, of hearing the Word of the Lord. God's ordinance of preach ing has sunk to a very, very low ebb. At the curious church of St. Basil, in Moscoav, Avhich . consists of eleven chapels, not one of Avhich would hold probably a hundred persons, ,a ser mon is preached iu each chapel once a year ! In numberless chapels, hoAvever, and that too iu toAvn, as aa'cII as country, Sundaj' after Sun day j)asses by, and no sermon is heard, at aUj-r and even on those rare dcuasidiis when a serihonj is preached, the account given us thereof, led us to think of the reading of the English homi-> lies at the time of the Reformation. Fcav priests, we were told, can preach without bool and they read, in many cases if not generally, printed sermons. " , A reat deal of what Ave saAv of the religious condition of the Russians, both of priests and people, reminded us of the condition of the English at the time of the Reformation. T) e country clergy are half priests, half farmers and more of the last, according to' all accounts, than the first. In the social scale, they are low doArii, and in many eases they are very poor. I was informed that the clergy pass tbrougb a- Img trainiog but they seemed, nevertheleiB,''' to be very ign ' , 'or, on writing the simplest questions in 1. ..in ai, t Greek with a view of exchanging i '.vjas with tn o or three of them, they were (uite unable to understand me. Then again, the priest in his relation to ,the people, appeared to be riewed too much by them as a civil functionary of the State, who does certain duties for them, and Avbo, like any other government official, demands certain fees in consequence. "Do you go to confession ? " said I to 0, man Avho AA'as the son of a priest. To Avliich he replied, with a shrug of the shoul ders, " 'i'liat ciA'll rights AVere so bound up with their religious duties, that they were obliged to do 30;" and ho then added, ."that a man's'' friends have much trouble in getting him buried if ho iias not been properly to confession." Then Avith regard to the Scriptures, the Bible as a Avhoie is practically unknown to the people. They liaA'e to thank our Bible Society for the ; translation, even into modem Russ, of some parts of the .Book, and, to tliis day, they do not possess the whole, bound iu a single volume. With so little instruction, therefore from the pulpit, aud Avith no Bible in their homes, it is hardly to be wondered at that, for lack of know ledge, rather, perhaps, than from resistance to the truth, the people go astray : and if, among other things, the boAving doAvu before pictures, aud the veneration of relics, bo Avhat we call idolatry, then, I grieve to say that these things seemed as rampant in the Russian Church as m the Church of Rome. It was truly grievous to sec the constant Avorshipping and adoration, as Avell of images or pictures as of relics, and also their invocation of saints, Avhich our Church tells us is "a vain thing, fondly inyontedj and grounded upon no Avarrantry of Scripture." At the monastery of St. Sergius, the spot wm pointed out where the Virgin Avas said to have appeared to the saint, and also two Avood cups. were shown, with which he was celebrating mass Avhcn the Holy Ghost came down before, him in a tlame or tongue of lire. . A piece, top', of the tomb of Jesus Christ is exhibited, audi to croAvn all, the hand of the proto-martyr Stephen. Round these relics the pilgrims con gregate, make their salutalions, and say their prayers, hoping, through the intercession of the saint, to get their wants supplied, unconsciouB, apparently, that in so doing they are forsaking the only one Mediator between God and man, giving his glory to another, and his praise to painted images. It Avas pleasant, however, amidst much that was distressing in the devb- ' tions of the people, to miss the usual reminders of tlic Romish fiction of purgatory, iu which thP Russians do not believe, though they pray and ofiFer masses for the departed for forty day after their death. In the Strassuoi Convent 'wo Avere shown a small room, iu Avhich, after the death of a sister, psalms- are read for forty days by the novices, under the surveillance 'of a nun, placed there, we were told, to see that the work is not skirked, and that the devotions are duly said. ; . From 'this allusion to a cohAeut, as Avell as from the previous mention of the monastery of St. Sergius, it will be inferred that the llusaiau Church, like the Church 6f Rome, encourages the existence of these institutions. Some of them, as in England of old, are very rich.' The treasure rooms of ;the monastery of St. Sergius were resplendent with jewels and gold. We Avere shown an altar having oii it eleven pounds of pearls, a bishop's staflf valued at three-and- twenty thousand roubles, to say . notliiug of. bishops' mitres ami robes, the latter, ; in some - cases, Aveighing about sixty pounds, through being loaded with pearls, diamonds, ami pre cious stones. In these robins, too, Ave saw some rusty instruments of iron, Avhich were pointed out us having been worn by their hermits, who had locked the instruments on their bodies, thrown the keys away, and the tortures worn until death, and had then' been taken off and pl-eiserved as monuments of piety. At . the Strassuoi Convent iu Moscow; wo Avero most courteously alloAved, though'at a late hour, in the evening, to see something of the interior. The building Avas inconveniently crowded with tAventy nuns and a hundred and eighty novices. Girls could enter - as, novices we mund, at any age, but could not take the vows until tbe age of forty, and even, then they Avere not obliged to do so. They liy,cd, they told us, on milk and eggs on certain days, but more commonly on bread and oil, cabbage, soup, etc., but never eating meat. Tliey go to bed after vespers aud rise at four, all the year round, sometimes sleep ing, boAvever, during the 'day. They carry the rosary, and when using it, say on the beads, "May Jesus Christ have mercy on sinners;" an improvement, T thought, upon the Marys of the Romanist. The nuns, for the most part, Avere very ' poor, and many of them Avere employed during the day in painting, and in fancy needlework ordered by persons from without. The nuns eagerly accepted our tracts, aud they seemed fairly cheerful, ' so that wb thought the look of the place somewhat less lugubrious than the air of convents in the Romish communion. But we must not omit to mention our im- prossious ou Avitnessing the Russian mass. It appeared to possess much of the pageantry -of the Church of Rome, with one striking differ- euco, hoAvever, that a large part of the service Avas performed by the priest hidden from the people within the doors of the sanctuary. On one occasion when, during the service, the doois had just closed, I asked of a geutleman standing near, Avhat was going ou iusid'e. Upon which he immediately voluuteered to take me round to see. So folloAving him through a side-door to the other aide of the screen, he took us to Avithin a few feet of the priest, Avho Avas consuming the elements; but neither be nor the deacon, nor any cue seemed to think it anything strange or irreverent that he should have brought us there in so solemn a part of the service. We then returned to our places, which, by reason of the constant moving about of the people Avas quite easy ; aud et'tipg just in front of the sacred doors, saw the priest and deacon come out Avith the cup having bread therein Avith the wine, and administer tli4 com munion from a spoon to a baby in it mother's arms. The bread, we learned, is put .into the cup in a curious mauner. Any person who desires his friends, living or dead, t > be'prji,yed for, brings their natab to the priest - wdth a- small loaf, whtok may be purchased in tlio church. , The priest as ' he - mentibns 'each person'a hawe in prayer, .outs but ti&y; ' froiia e loM, and these pieces are put into the cU and consumed. The standing of the people throughout the service, and the constant moving about by one and another, to kiss this relic or that, or to offer a salutation here or there, takes off much of the solemnity of their worship as compared with our Protestant forms, of service. It was pleasant, however, to see so many men in'their churches, they being sometimes more numerous apparently than the women. There was also an amount of devotion and earnestness displayed by some of the people such as made one desire to see them insWcted in the way of' God more perfectly. Thus' it will be seen that the Eastern and Western Churches have many corruptions, as we think them in common. In either case the minister is a priest, and too much pf a lord oves God's heritage ; confession is compulsory, and transubstantiatiou is taught. Both churches encourage the adoration of relics and images (not statues, however, in Russia), and both have recourse to other mediators with God than the Lord Jesus ; too often putting .angels and saints, and notably the blessed Virgin, into the place and office of Jesus himself. In both churches, as compared with our own, there is a great paucity of preaching the gospel ; and in both lurches the Word of God, as a whole, is a book unknown to the people. On this last point, however, there is, 1 believe, one important difference between the two churches. The Church of Rome absolutely forbids the free and unrestricted use of the Bible in a language understood by the people, but happily this is not the case in Russia. This sin. must not be laid to their charge. The Church of Rome opposes the light, the Russian Church seems rather to have neglected it. Hence there was much that we saw which tended to make us profoundly interested in the religious condition of Russia. Outwardly, the people are very religious, but what is better, the ople seem not unwilling to receive the truth. We tried in a humble way to leave a testimony behind, and greater encouragement we'cdiild not possibly h.ave expected. 1 had a few long and interesting conversations with Russians in French, and in each case the simple wa;, of salvation as set forth in the Holy Scripture, was listened to most attentively, and with the liveliest interest, nor was there the let bitterness manifested when I ventured to point out the corruptions of their Church as departures m Scriptural and catholic practice. Tracts again were received by all classes of the people with the utmost eagerness, some even offering to pay for them. We were allowed to send two thousand tracts into three of the prisons we visited. On our way to Moscow, the priests gladly accepted our pamphlets, and some of them spoke with approval of our dis tribution of tracts ; whilst the peasantry, when they heard that we were English clergymen, thought that better people there could not possibly be, to show an interest in their spiritual state, and to give away good books all for nothing. They kissed our hands, and mani fested the liveliest gratitude. So readily, in fact, were our efforts appreciated, that I could not but encourage the nope that better things are in store for Russia. Her poor are only lately released from serfdom, and for them education is only in its cradle. In point of civilization, too, they are far, far behind. But brighter things are beginning to dawn. They sanction the free u.se and circulation of the Scriptures ; they have lately introduced into their public schools translations of educational works put forth by some of our religious societies, and what further may follow under the improving reign of the present Emperor, who shall say ? In conclusion, our readers are reminded that these lines are the impressions of a tourist spending only a few days in Russia. Some of these impressions will doubtless appear to those who know the country very crude. It may be, too, that, for want of further acquaintance therewith, I have made too much of the fail ings, as I think them, of the Eastern Church, but I have not done so knowingly. Right ghad should I be to learn that things are better than they seem. Meanwhile, 1 &ust; enough has been said to interest some of the 'Lord's people to pray for the seventy anillions of Russian people, that on them the light of the gospel may shine more fully, and that, both in the Eastern Church and the Western, God may be pleased to bring into the way of truth all such as have erred and are deceived. 