LETTER TO GRASSI. "Sydney, New South Wales, September 10th, 1874. "Sig. Paolo Cavaliere Grassi, in the glorious, notorious, and ancient city of Rome, Italj', my dearly beloved brother in our most precious, and much-beloved Lord Jesus Christ. "Grace, mercy, and peace, be ever unto you, and to all the saints in Rome, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus, by the most blessed ministrations of the Holy Ghost, the Divine Comforter. "We are much delighted in our hearts with your very kind letter to us, dated from Rome, the 2.3rd of June, 1874. Be well assured, my beloved brother, your declared affection for us is fully reciprocated by us, in the aboundings of the love of Christ in us towards you. "As soon as our beloved Brother Robey sent me your letter from Wallsend, I took it to the Consul of the King of Italy, with its translation by Mr. Modini, for his certification to its accuracy. When it was thus opened to my mind, 1 realised very strange emotions of heart, and marvellous meltings of soul, which none !)ut a brother's heart can understand ; none but those who have felt the iuttuential sympathies of the 8on of God infused into their minds by the Holy Ghost — the one Spirit of the one body of the Lord Jesus, the fulness of Him who filleth all and in all. To comprehend a little of the nature and extent of my emotions of soul produced by your address to the Cardinal,' your defiance in the infernal Inquisition, and your letter, with the account of Mr. J. Gads by 's interview with you, it will be necessary for you to be iuforhied, that 20 years ago I lectured and published in Victoria that the time named in the prophecies of God's Holy Word was at hand, when great political events and changes must take place in Rome, and the Gospel of the Son of God be proclaimed there. My printed lec tures then delivered are still in print, in which these two great features of prophetic truth are set forth. Whilst many have had to change and exchange their minds relative to Rome, during these last twenty eventful years, I have not had to realise one single change of thought, relative to prophecy and the late events of Divine Pro vidence. From this fact,| my brother, you will see a little of the immense interest I have felt in the ways of the Lord with you, in the city of Rome "Twenty years ago I began to cry very mightily unto God to overthrow the power, iffots, aud dominion of Satan in your eternal and most infernal city of Rome— the black, and most l)lood-staincd throne of the Great Red Dragon. And so sure was I, from the words of God, that the time was near for the end of Antichrist, and the beginning of the sweet aud lovely reign of Jesus in His boundless mercy, love, and truth in Rome, that had I been free from family ties, with means and your language, by the will of the Lord, I should have been in Rome fifteen years ago. But now I see the Lord can do very well without me in Rome, by sending dear Brother Wall, and by now raising you up from the very gates of hell, to up lift the standard of Jesus, and unfurl the banner of eternal love in the very council chamber of the King of Terror s — the very parliament of the Angel of the bot tomless jht. Oh, my brother, in Rome, the glory of the ancient world in Rome, the dwel ling place of apostolic, immersed believers ; in Rome, 80 notorious for edicts, for the slaughter of the saints ; in Rome, to which the finger of prophecy ever points, there " 'Exalt the stem of Jesse's Rod, And crown Him Lord of all.' '.'Ohl my brother, " ' Tell what His arm has done. What spoils from death He won, Sing His great name alone — Worthy the Lamb. You who have felt His blood Sealing your peace with God, Sound His dear fame abroad — Worthy the Lamb.' "Thus, my brother, my heart went out to you in the holy sympathies of Divine love, ijeculiar and proper to the mystical body of the Lord Jesus, when I read your noble confession of the Son of God, before the dignitaries of the Scarlet- coloured harlot of Babylon. This led me to commence a course of lectures here on these eveuts of God's hand, in which you are so iwominently set forth by the linger of God as embracing and vindicating that ancient faith aud order of ordinances once delivered unto the Church by the Lord J csus in .Tudea, and then unto the Gentile.s by His servant the .Apostle Paul. "We circulated among our Churches and friends in the colony .3000 copies of j'our address aud defence in the Inquisition, and the Editors of the Protestant Standard did the same ; thus before your welcome letter reached us you were well known in this colony. And, again, the Gospel Standard, for May and June, 1874, gave us the account of Mr. J. Gadsby's interview with you. This fully established our confidence in you as a true man, even as we before hoped and believed. "Now, my beloved brother, pardon us if wo have been too free or forward in our much sym pathy with you. When we read of Mr. I'ladsby's aid being acceptable to you, and that you would have sent us more letters but for your straitened circumstances, arising fi'om your leaving "the riches of Satan," our love which wo have from the loving God, constrained us to love you beyond tongue and words, even in deed aud in truth, as we are commanded of the Lord Jesus to do for His name's sake. I therefore, made an appeal to my dear people the next Lord's .Day, which resulted in .£25 from them, aud £5 from an ojien-air service in the public park in the afternoon. We then hold our Half-yeaiiy Association Meetings, in the Wallsend district, from which our first letter was sent to you by dear brother Pastor Thomas Robey and others! Your letter was r-ead with immense interest to us all, and my subscription list was increased to .£35 at once, with steps taken to raise it to £50, sis you will see by the enclosed list of subscribers. No one has been urged thus so to do by personal solicitation, but all has been by the voluntary How of the love of Chi'ist in us, " as myrrh new bleeding from the tree." We, thcrefoie, hope it will be accept able unto you as the ripe- falling fruit from the living Tree of T.ife, Jesits. 'J.'he dear Ajjostle of us Gentiles laboured to gather from the poor saints in Corinth .and Macedonia these fruits of Divine love, to carry them to the poor saints at Jerusalem in their| famine and he felt it to be so solemn a ministry in God's eyes, that he prayed that it might be acceptable unto tliose saints at Jerusalem even so do we pray that tills fruit of our love may be acceptable unto you in Rome. "And above all, we pray that it may be a sacri fice acceptable, an odour of a sweet smelling savour unto our God in Christ, even as the sendings of the saints at Phillipi lo the Apostle Paul was. — Phil. iv. IS. To this kiud and most gracious God wc commend this token of our love to you, dear brother. "Please to send us word when you receive this in safety. Lot us know how you do, and how your companion and fellow servant in the Gos pel of .lesus. Brother Wall is, and how the Gospel takes root downwards and bears fruit upwards. Tell us if Satan's strongholds are unloosed, and his captives set free. We shall ever pray for the triumphs of the cross in Rome. " 'Still gird thy sword upon thy thigh. Ride with majestic sway ; Go forth, sweet Prince, triumphantly. And make Thy foes obey. " 'And when Thy victories arc complete. When all the chosen race Shall round the throne of glorj' meet. We'll sing Thy conquering grace.' "Michael and hisangel fought, and the dragon and his angels fought. Who are these thus in battle arra J', but Jesus and His ministers, and Satan and the priests of Rome. And " 'Here is our point of rest. Though hard the battle seem. Our Captain stood the liery test, And we shall stand through Him.' "The sword of the Spirit "is the Word of God. Hold this firm and fast in the right hand of your ministerial strength, as you did before Satan's angel, the Cardinal, and ever strike mighty blows with it, as you did in Satan's den, the Inquisition. Then, ever cry the old Jeru salem cry, "The sword of the Lord and of Grassi," and victory, victory, through the blood of the Lamb shall soon reverberate from the Seven Hills of Rome, and the vales of Italy, 'That all the nations of the eartli shall send the echo on to these ends of the earth, that we too shall sing the glorious triumphs Jesus wins. "Now, my beloved brother, we commend you to God, and to the Word of His grace, which is able to build you up and give you an inherit ance among all them who are sanctified. By all that IS holy. Godly, just, and true, I beseech you, we beseech you, cleave close to the Word of God, and preach it. Remember that many professed Protestants have greatly erred in departing from the simple, plain, yet profound and mysterious. Word of the living God. Be thou an example in "Thus saitli the Lord " for all you do or say. Remember our ancient brethren whose dust is yet in the catacombs of your city. "All the saintsjof God with us join in greeting you aud the saints in Rome in the most fervent \- Christian love, whilst "I remain, " Your very affectionate brother in Jesus. "DANIEL ALLEN, Pastor." 