English Mail ; THE CHURCH CONGRESS. ' -i.' ',.' The Congress of clergy and laity, annually held in England for .some years past, in various large towns, has lost none of its interest and importance. A large assembly was gathered this year in Bath, under the presidency of Lord Arthur Hervey, the Bishop of Bath and Wells. More than three thousand.tickets of membership were disposed of, and the meetings and services were in every instance attended by crowded audiences. The business of the Congress was preceded by morning prayer in Bath Abbey, with a sermon by the Bishop of perry. For this opening service many of the clergy and laity went in procession, some in carriages and others on foot, starting from the Assembly Rooms a few minutes after ten, and being joined on its route by the mayor and corporation, the former wearing his civic robes. The procession, which passed through some of the principal streets, was followed by a large crowd of the inhabitants, compara tively few of whom could (notwithstanding its vast capacity as a place of public worship, for which it is more remarkable than as a cathedral) hope for admission to the abbey, which was densely crowded — indeed, packed from end to end. The weather was unfortunately wet, and this of course considerably diminished the effect of the procession regarded as a public spectacle, which character it maintained up to the moment when it entered the abbey by the western door. Although special, it was not like that at Leeds, choral. The Bishop of Deny (Dr. Alexander) took for his text passages from the book of Nehemiah— ' Come and let us build up the walls of Jerusalem. . . So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, and fifty and two days. . . 'The Joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off.' In the course of his sermon the bishop made the following remarks on the present state of our own church. Those who built in these days with a reverent spirit must guard against a ritual of sentiment and a ritual of imitation. Sentimental ritual, having its spring in subjective consciousness, seemed never to have said its last word or done its last thing.. On the other hand, let them all guard against a spirit of suspicion which scented Romanism in every flower. As regarded confession, he was prepared to abide by that common bond of Eng lish churchmen, the Common Prayer-book. If any desired to go beyond the line of the Prayer-book, and to change occasional medicine into daily food, they desired what the constitution of the Teutonic mind rendered, he believed, impossible. Let those who thought highly of ministerial absolution declare the truth plainly under the covenant of grace. Better far than habitual confession was constant reliance on the Saviour for pardon. For morbid con- sciences and single offences there were private means appointed, and surely what went beyond this cometh of evil. They found in the text a type of the union between Church and State ; and God forbid that the value of such an alliance should be overlooked. As regards the Irish Church, recent circumstances had proved that many of the laity had been ignorant of, or had under-rated, the formularies of their church. As to the liberty of voluntary churches, fnssiness was not necessarily spirituality, nor noise necessarily a sign of life. The whole life of God's elder church was set to a wail, but the strength' of the Lord was nevertheless its joy. In God's modern church, time after time saw some part of the wall out of repair, but the work of restoration was, after all, not neglected. The fashionable sceptic of the last century said there were no religious combustibles left. The sceptic of this day was less easy-going than Horace Wal pole, and wanted to be emancipated, not merely from the old Catholic Church, but from all religious dogmas. Prayer was to be discarded, religious feeling quenched, and nothing left for man in relation to the future. Religion must, it was said, wither away to its roots before the positive philosophy. Notwithstanding all such things, God's people had a mind to work ; the wall would stand, uncrumbled by the assaults of unbelief, untouched by the fires of criticism. They asked not, they expected not, miracles. Give them a year for a 'day' of Nehemiah's building, and who should say what would be accomplished in England? Archdeacon Denison and the Congress. — On Tuesday evening the subject of discussion in the Congress Hall was Lay Help. It. was opened with an interesting and valuable paper by Rev. W. Cadman, followed by one by Rev. Mr. NiMH, in which he magnified the so-called Catholic revival. The discussion was continued quietly enough till Archdeacon Denison rose. He almost immediately launched, into the controversy with the bishop, the drift of his remarks being that, as in certain parishes no curates could be obtained in consequence of episcopal action, it had become necessary to work the parishes by lay help instead of clerical labour. The moment he entered upon this statement the storm broke out. The ritualists, who were strongly represented, received the speaker's remarks with vociferous applause. It appeared impossible that the Protestant party should admit of this in silence ; they were compelled to answer clamour with clamour. The bishop vainly endeavoured to restore order, especially as now and then the archdeacon managed to make a few. words heard, such as ' If you cannot listen to truth, I am sorry for it ' — rwords which he repeated as soon he perceived how displeas ing they were to his auditory. The only person who enjoyed the scene was the speaker himself, who walked up and down his im mediate portion of the platform with a smile beaming on his face. The bishop again interfered, expressing his sense of the indecency of . the course pursued by the Archdeacon of Taunton, but adding that if he tolerated it the meeting should tolerate it likewise. But the majorityof the Congress felt that the honour of the president and the dignity of the meeting were in their hands, and, once challenged to the conflict, they resolutely determined to maintain them. The scene_ reached its climax, when the speaker, asking what the clergy man is bound to do, replied,,?.' Hediffibound to administer the sacra ment, oi baptism \ he- w bound to hear confession ;' Vmt. at t.hia point the indignation of the meeting reached its climax also, and found such emphatic expression that the archdeacon and his friends could resist it no longer. The reports in the public papers convey a very inadequate idea of the prevailing strength of this feeling. They represent the two parties as pretty equally divided, but in fact the aroused feeling of indignation was irresistible, and completely put the speaker down. ? ? Rev. W. Cadman on Lay Help. — From Mr. Cadman's paper we make the following extract : — ' To speak first of the help of Chris tian females. If it were to cease, what would become of our district visiting associations, which dispense the ' mercy' that is ' twice blessed,' and which have an influence untold upon cleanli- ? ness, and sobriety, and industrious habits, upon parental authority, filial obedience, and social kindness? What. of our mothers' meet ings, or of the good words spoken in due season by which many a weary sister is refreshed, and of the improved decency* and comfort, and economy which they occasion in many a humble home? What of the institutes for women, which afford many who are at work during the day the help and sympathy of their sisters somewhat removed from them in the social scale ? What of the classes in our Sunday-schools, and in some instances in our ragged-schools, where woman's influence is as patent as-it is active ? These varied agencies for good may have no ' local habitation' in the shape of cloistered retreats, and no name to grace a poetic legend, and so may not attract much outward observation; but 'they are not the less real. They are silently hastening the kingdom of God, and encouraging the hope, notwithstanding many evils, that our salt has not lost its savour, and that the light that is in us is not darkness. In speaking of female help it would be wrong to omit all mention of the quiet parsonages of our married clergy. They are the attractive centres of influence in the community around them, and from 'them issue often many who may be truly described as ' religious' because — though clothed in no peculiar garb, and in the holy ministries of Christian love need ing none — they make a clergyman's efficiency double what it would otherwise be, and in some instances increase it tenfold. When clergymen rule their own houses well, no arithmetic can compute the value of the good works of wives, and sisters, and daughters, which make what would be a moral desert around them ' rejoice and blos som as the rose.' But what more might I not say of the Christian men, and especially the young men, who are as the clergyman's right hand in all labours for the good of his parish. Suppose all their help withdrawn, where would be his adult classes, his schools, his missionary associations for carrying on God's work at home and abroad, his voluntary street missions to gather children into his schools, his multiplied cottage lecturer, or the open-air addresses in connection with special and local missionary efforts, in which well educated Christians who can speak well, and have the gift to teach and preach, are willing to take part, and ought, I think, to be. wel comed rather than discouraged — his classes for the devotional study of the Scriptures, for the study of Christian evidences, for the encouragement of science, for guarding against infidelity, Antino mianism, anti-churchism, anti-Christianism 1 Agencies such as these are more or less at work in every well-organised parish. The repre sentation is not correct that all that has been hitherto tried for the evangelisation of populous places is £300 a-year, a wife, and a Peel district. Given such a district, shepherded by one who has been truly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him this office, and ministry, and his wife and his £300 a-year will not be the only items to be taken into account. I have seen the agencies, paid and volun- . tary, that have been called into operation in such a district, unpro mising, almost hopeless in its character. I have heard the testimony given in private by a bishop, whose name in a Church Congress will always be held in loving remembrance, as to the results of such agencies. I have seen, on the sad occasion of the decease of. the minister's wife, what seemed, to be the whole population following her to her burial, and making great lamentations over her. I have known large numbers of young men, employed on the Sunday evening in gathering outcasts under Christian influence, meet their clergy at an early hour on Monday morning, while the sun was not yet risen, to engage with him in devotional exercises and in the study of . God's Word. I have read in trustworthy records of working men who had learnt to value the church's ordinances, giving their labour beyond the midnight hour as masons and carpenters to build the fabric in which they might meet to worship, and in which their children might be taught and trained. And these are but samples, that might be multiplied a thousandfold, of what lay help from men and women has done and is doing.' Supply of Clergy. — A valuable paper was read by Canon Ashwell. He said it was a matter of figures that there was an average of one clergyman to every thousand of population, but it should be borne in mind thai; there were many parishes under 500 of population, each of which absorbed a clergyman or two. It was sometimes forgotten that there were corresponding thousands of parishes where the population was utterly beyond the average, and thus brought the clergy supply far below it. Although the propor tion of clergy was equal to what it had ever been, the cry still went up for more men, and more work out of them when we got them. There were now more kinds of work demanded of the clergy by a laity that has begun to know what its priesthood ought to be, and what they ought to do. A clergyman might be excellent in one de partment, and yet want a colleague to do another. Consequently there arose a necessity for specific training, as well as for more men. There was nothing, in his opinion, more saddening than a clergyman, who was capable of doing the higher kinds of spiritual work, being prevented from doing so by a host of other things which should have been left for other men to do. The true office of the pulpit was to teach as well as to preach. He believed half of the failure of the English pulpit resulted from the cultivation of only one particular line of teaching on the part of }ts clergy. It was also partly due to the fact that the hearers did not know enough to '; understand properly what they heard. A true preacher Bhemldl mingle Ma r.teacMng -with; --the exhortations m .. m'- -to build; Ms people up. while he animated and warmed them. When &,Yman had this gift,' either by nature or culture, he should not have) more, to do in other departments than was sufficient to keep his powers in wholesome exercise, and to keep his sympathies quick with tiie people he teaches and works with, and so prevent him from becoming what was worst of all — a mere pulpit speaker. He com plained that the Church of England had drawn its pulpit supply from one source only — the gentry and the ancient universities. In ' the present day the division of classes formed a political danger to the country from which the church alone could rescue her. If the church were to stand her ground, she must in future enrol not only representative men from one source, but from all the classes she. had to harmonise. By the unity of classes we should once more make the, union of Church and State more a living reality than a mere name. : There was life enough in the blood of the church if it were only fostered. The present, he believed, was a period of germination iriithe church's history. New needs were cropping up, but new births were raised to meet them. Nursing fathers were, above all, wanted in the school of the prophets, and he trusted that the inspiration from above' would turn the hearts of the fathers to the children in the same way as the hearts of the children had been turned to their fathers. ? Church Music. — The closing meeting in the Congress Hall on Friday evening was devoted to this subject. The introductory paper was read by Mr. Barnby, the eminent church composer. He treated the question chiefly in its bearing on public worship. There had been no want of interest in their generation in the music of the church. Choral services, new hymnals, and other novelties, had abounded ; but it did not follow that the progress was satisfactory. Speaking as a musician, he thought the clergy generally would have done well to seek the assistance of a professional opinion. There were, he knew, many differences in the church on the subject of music; bub there was, owing to several causes, a general want of unity of plan. The musical part of the service surely ought to con duce to the effectiveness of public worship. The main point, .as regarded music, was to secure unity of design, and to secure its being ' imderstanded of the people.' The basis on which music should be built up was a patient, intelligent appreciation of the wants — not always of the wishes — of the congregation. He depre cated the introduction of music for which people were unprepared. What were. the chief difficulties in the way of improvement? First, there was the clerical crotchet, which led the clergyman to introduce psalmody which, however agreeable to himself, was in many cases, for want of appreciation by the congregation, a mischief. Another evil was found in the system of diplomacy, in which the clergyman gave up his undoubted right of decision.' The result of attempts to conciliate often was that almost every one was dissatisfied. But of all errors, the worst was the endeavour to keep up or gain a flock by what he might call musical 'tours deforce.''1 The picture which a great modern satirist, drew of the Eev. Charles Honeyman and his music was not far from reality. He (Mr. Barnby) held it to be a great mistake to attempt to attract a congregation by aesthetic sensation. Having thus spoken of errors, let him now speak of plans i of improvement : — 'And first of all I would divide our service into. _ two great classes — the congregational or parochial, and the cathedral or meditative division. It will, I think, be conceded on all hands that the congregational services of our Anglican Church were based on the principle that every one in the assembly has a right — nay, even an obligation — to take a part in the service beyond that of a, silent auditor. The reading of the prayers and Scriptures in English, the uttering of the General Confession by priest and people together, the arrangement of the responses alike in the Morning and Evening Service, the Litany, and indeed everywhere, all point to this great and fundamental rule. I do not think that the introduction and development of music in the service was ever intended to do away with this right. Therefore, I hold that the safe and sure rule to be followed in arranging- the musical service for any congregation, whether urban or rural, educated or untaught, is simply, to select the very best music such congregation can under stand, and in which it can join. If the capacity of a community is limited to the appreciation and religious enjoyment of hymns, then . the best hymn tunes should be selected. Where, on the other hand, a considerable part of the congregation can appreciate more scientific music, by all means let such music fulfil the highest purpose to which it could be applied, by being incorporated in the service. But the principle that the congregational service should be one in which the ? congregation can join, involves, to my thinking, a second principle, namely, that of singing in unison — inasmuch as this is the only form which admits of a whole congregation's joining without a violation of the laws of harmony.' The construction of the cathedral points to the idea, that the congregation assemble there to hear, to keep silence, and to meditate. Their joining in the service would be exceedingly difficult. It would be likely to produce confusion, and could hardly be a satisfaction to the worshippers themselves. A higher and more artistic kind of musical service, a greater intensity must there Cove be required to arouse and maintain in the congrega tion the tnif! devotional feeling and sympathy for an act in which they take no pi.-rsonal part. Therefore, the whole of the cathedral service, with the exception of the reading of the Scriptures and sermon, is musical. As the services of a trained choir are here always available, musical compositions of a difficult and elaborate kind may appropriately be introduced. _ Sir W. Stawell at the Congress. — In the course of a discus sion on church organisation, Sir W. Stawell, Chief Justice of Vic toria, expressed the delight which he felt at -witnessing, after a long absence from this country, such an improved state of feeling in reference to church matters. The machine of reform had begun to move, and it was their duty to kept it in motion. In Victoria, while rejoicing to regard themselves as true members of the Church of England, they agreed with their excellent bishop, Dr. Perry, that some : changes were necessary among. themselves. Accordingly, the clergy and Jnity Inaefc by- ordeve-.fmcT one mujlfc.of reform wfts.fchafc1 there. were, now -132 (beneficed clergy.in the. .colony. .The clergy, in the mee.ting might be alarmed; at the proposed .reprepentation of . the j laity. , , In Victoria, the most conservative churchmen were laymen. Charge of the Bishop of Gloucester..— Bishop Ellicott,.in his j visitation, devoted the first portion of his charge to a review, of 'Church Work, Past and Present,' with, special reference to the Archdeaconry of Gloucester, and to' the comparison between the state of things at his primary visitation, nine years ago, and now. The second portion of the charge, continued at Cheltenham, treats on 'The Ritual' Movement.' On a third day the subject was ' The Church and Free Thought ;' on a fourth, 'Reunion with Nonconformity ;':on a fifth, 'The Church and the Rural Poor ;' and on; a sixth,' The Church and the Temperance Question.' The charge, thus divided, is a masterly production, and coming, as it does, from a prelate of great learning and impartiality, is the more valuable as a protest against the leading errors of the day. Speaking of the progress of ritualism, His Lord ship says: — 'Almost step by step, as doubt and suspended belief have advanced during the last nine years, ritualism and ceremon- ialism — I fear I might even say 'superstition— have advanced in exactly the opposite direction. What we have, therefore, to deal ; with, is not that sort of .fanciful and prelusive ritualism which was : was just in existence when first I came among you— in existence and but little more — but a settled materialistic form of worship, which, on the one hand, claims to be considered a. practical protest against the lawlessness of modern thought, and, on the : other hand, is -the signal for that longed-for union with -.the churches of the East and West which, as I ventured to, point out some years ago, has always been a ruling principle of the ritualistic movement. . But if there has been this development, observe what, it involves. If scepticism has helped to stimulate this attempted conformity in visages and ceremonial with, at least, all that is common to the Greek and Roman Catholic churches,, what is now the final issue ? Why, obviously direct antagonism to that earlier religious movement which either modified or abolished these usages — our own English Reformation. It is no use disguising :the fact. What is, or rather has been, called the ritualistic movement has now passed into a distinctly counter-Reformation movement, and will, whenever sufficiently sustained by numbers and perfected I in organisation, reveal its ultimate aims with clearness and decision. }? The late notorious petition was a disclosure, imprudent and over j': hasty, of what may now be fairly regarded as the ultimate attitude of ! ritualism — distinct opposition to the principles of the Reformation.' j; The exigency of our times seemed additionally to press on the sons j of the Reformation the following, with increasing steadiness, three J plain rules :— First, clearly to realise and set forth our principles; j|j secondly, to resolve unflinchingly to abide by them ; thirdly, while we !| thus realise and prepare to abide by what is essential, to recognise, no less i |;j clearly and charitably, those things which are not essential, and on !|j which men have differed from the veiy days of the apostles, and will differ unto the very end. He criticised much of the preaching of the present day, declaring -that, ' as it is, ethics are eliminating theology.' In regard to the firm maintenance of principles, he strongly deprecated the false idea of simplification of creeds, declaring that real unity was not secured by these pseudo-liberal concessions, and remarking that the history of the recent controversy with reference to the Athanasian Creed was veiy full of instruction. While, again, asking whether, in view of the many signs of God's favour, it was not right to be thankful and of good courage, he said, in conclusion: — ' Doubt is frightfully pervasive counter- Reformation efforts are increasing; dissent is aggressive and hostile; class differences are complicating our position; society itself, in some of its aspects, is disclosing much that is serious and premonitory. Many, things are against us, yet never did I more firmly believe that the Lord is with us than at this time. 'As the mountains are about Jerusalem, so the Lord is round about His people from henceforth even for ever. ' ' What is, or rather has been, called the ritualistic movement has now passed into a distinctly counter-Reformation movement, and will, whenever sufficiently sustained by numbers, and perfected;; in organisation, reveal its ultimate aims with clearness and decision.' These may be thought grave words, but I am convinced, if any candid churchman will only read some of the publications which confessedly represent the views and principles of this party, if any one will examine their catechetical books for the young, and will consider the recent unqualified advocacy of the practical necessity-of confession, he will only be able to come to one conclusion, viz., that just as our leaders of free thought are returning back upon old forms of scepticism and error, so the party we are now considering are deliberately returning to practices, usages, and doctrines which were swept away by the English Reformation. In some points it would seem as if , that concealment and suppression of real- sentiment, which has so often been characterised as one of the worst moral features of the system we protested against and rejected, were steal- ing back again amongst us. It will, perhaps, startle you to be told that among the things which my examining chaplains have now to state to the young men when assembled to answer the paper on doctrine is this, that the answers which they give to the questions put before them will be held by us and understood to represent their real sentiments; And it will startle you still more to be told that this humiliating announcement has been forced upon us by, the circumstances of a case which came before me. in the, -early part of the present year. As far as I could form an inference from this painful case, it indicated the gradual stealing in among us of a casuistry that deems it allowable to return answers out of the books prescribed by the bishop, from which the giver of the answers may be at liberty seriously to dissent. We may of course trust this is a solitary and exceptional case; but I confess there was much about it which has given me cause for grave and lasting dis- quietude. If this be the.state of parties now in, the church, if there is really a small but confessedly very active party who are labouring for a return to-pre-Reformation principles, and; who are' sustained in their; efforts by. the feeling that thus they are furthering a holy cause, the reunion of the sundered and who-:believe that this is their I duty and their mission — if this is so, what, it may be asked, will be | the future of the movement ? For what must we prepare ourselves 1 I What are those issues to which such antagonisms as are now \ developing among us must certainly lead ? Perhaps we can only j give very conjectural answers ; but still the brief consideration of i; the answer or answers is of some use, as tending to direct or modify | our own principles of action. What must the issue be 1 I fear I there can be now really only one answer — the gradual absorption of i all that are in heart and spirit opposed to the Keformation in I some community that disowns that movement. By the very ; nature of things, like must ultimately congregate around like. | But what and where that community is, and where that I like will in the sequel be sought, are by no means easy to foresee. It I is very natural at once to answer — the Church of Rome. But though individuals may, and will, perhaps in increased numbers, join that I church — still, to say nothing of the last dogma of that church, we | cannot but observe that there are at least three serious facts which at ' present militate against any general plea of reunion. These are the : non- recognition of our Orders, the celibacy of the clergy, and the firm discipline of the Church of Eome, all of which seem at present ; to exercise a very determined effect, and to render it unlikely that | there will be anything like an organised secession to that firm and ; unyielding church. If there were now among us a hopefully j developing Old Catholic Church, the case would be very different ; but till such a church does take root in this country, we can hardly imagine any secession on a large scale to a community at present so undefined as that of the Old Catholics. So far as we can now see, I these would seem to be the two issues. If, on the other hand, the counter- Reformation party succeed in obtaining a recognised position in the National Ohurch,disestablishment will promptly follow,and then I nova: taiulcB, and a complete change of scene. If, on the other hand, they continue to be regarded as alien to the church of the Reforma i tion, then a gradual disintegration of the party will be the most i likely result ; several — perhaps many — will sporadically join the , Church of Eome ; several will return to old allegiance, heartily and on conviction ; the remainder will still continue outward member ship with the Church of England, awaiting either disestablishment, the foundation of an Old Catholic Church in these islands, or those better days which sects, like individuals, are always looking for, and ; sometimes looking for in vain. If this be a fair and reasonable : estimate of the probable issues of the present movement, and if we are convinced that, whatever it may once have been, it now is a distinctly counter-Reformation movement, our present course and duty would . seem to be comparatively clear, and the continually-urged counsel — 'Don't let us act as we did in the days of Wesley, and, by our want of spiritual tact or Christian forbearance, add another to the sects around us' — very far from pertinent or appropriate. There is really no analogy between the two cases. The harsh and unsympathising treatment of a strongly Protestant party like that of Wesley, men who differed from those around them more in the way t\xey applied : their principles than in the principles themselves, stands in strange contrast to the almost unlimited toleration that has been extended, nearly up to the present time, to a party that has now confessedly ; passed into an attitude of distinct opposition to those principles ' which brought about the English Reformation, and which are main tained and perpetuated in our formularies. Again and again is this comparison put forward, but again and again mil every fair con sideration of the two cases show that it fails utterly, and that no arguments based on such a comparison are of the slightest validity. For a Eeformed Church to act harshly to men who, strictly within the lines of the Reformation, were striving to make her more spiritually efficient, is one thing ; for us to maintain our position, be the results what they may, as a Reformed Church against those who would reverse that position, is widely and emphatically different.' We have not space for the bishop's admirable sketch of modern infidelity in the division of his charge entitled ' The Church and Free Thought.' The remedy is suggested in the following hortatory address to his clergy : — ' In speaking to you, dear friends and helpers, whose chief labours are in the heat and dust of controversy, but whose high and holy calling is to bring men to Christ by wise, loving, and persuasive teaching — and by a life conformable to the same — rather than by learned argument or skilful dialectics ; in speaking to you, let me rightly dwell most on the vital importance of setting forth before our congregations the preaching of the Cross, in its tenderness, its holiness, its breadth, and its. power. The more I meditate on these things, the more am I persuaded that the only really successful course for men circumstanced like ourselves — for the pastorate, for example, of an earnest and faithful deanery like our own — is for each one of us to feel the duty still more brought home of setting forth Christian truth in our pulpits to our people, and in our churches and school-rooms to our children, clearly, seriously, wisely, and affirmatively. Let no one think that he is doing nothing in the great struggle against infidelity when he is only preaching Christ to quiet country people, or only catechising simple children in the parish church. Doing nothing ! — why, just in proportion as, by the grace of God and by patient study of God's Word, he is enabled to make that Word not only more believed in but more loved, in that same proportion is he doing evidential work in the most useful and practical manner, and helping to influence the whole destinies of a church and a nation. Let any one who is now hearing me, and who may have inwardly felt that all that has been said about the rapid development of anti-Christian error in its worst forms at the present time has really very little bearing upon his own duties, and that in the Lord's great controversy he can do but little — let such a one dwell on these three serious thoughts. First, that unbelief is like some mysteriously- propagated disease, subtle, pervasive, penetrating. It steals into the quiet hamlet as well as into the peopled city. It allies itself with sin in every form, with intemperance, with carnality, with dishonesty ; it whispers ' tush ! the end of these things is not death. It is but priestcraft that says so. Man has his appetites and desires. Why were they given if they were not to be gratified ? Man has his rights : why are they withheld ? Why in that fair park yonder among the clustered trees is one man to live as he will, rich and free, and another scarce to earn his daily bread — a slave on the very soil in which, if all were right, or if there was a God of justice in the world or above the world, he himself would have his inalienable part and heritage ? Alas I can one say, especially during the last year or two, that such whispers have never been heard in our hamlets ? Whisper, did I say ? I fear I need not so limit my. words.' 