. BY B. L. FABJEON, Author or 44Grit," "Joshua. Marvel,'' " London's Heart," " Bread and Cheese and.Bjsses," " Blade o' Grass," and ^' Golden Grain." [His explosive right of publishing "Jessie Trim" in South Australia' hiss been purchased ,by the Proprietors of the 4driaftde0&MreerJ; CHAPTER m. -MV GEANDMOTHEtt'S LOMG STOCKING. Ihere jvas a Mend of the family of whose name Ihaye „no remembrance, and whom from ^'certain personal peculiarity I most denominate Snaggletooth. He was .a large man-—very fall and round in proportion— with Ja'idiBtening bald head, a, smooth fall fleshed.face^ ana clear grey eyes. In repose, - and' ffhen he was hot spewing, he.'was. by no me^ns 'jan nnpleassnt-looMng man ; his face was' benignant, and- his clear, grey eyes fceam&^kimlly upon you. But directly he amfle^lie became transformed, ;, and his feature&were; made to assume en almost jicndhitf iB-gpreteion by reason of a hideous snafeglMrioth which thrust, itself forward im mieaut&y; he opened his month. It stuck out likd'aBom,; and , the change it effected in his hppeaiahoewa^, Something marvellous. As r^e Mendbf ;the family Snaggletooth oame;fomard ahq ;o£fei^ his^^tw(^. My fathef beipg cohflhed to his bed -by sdckneSs, thetevtes nonianin the house 1>o look after the^fuherat of my grandmother," and Snaggle toothfh' 'gerviceS *r®*e gladly accepted. . I fanc^that :he was fond of funerals, from' the zealoht manner in which he attended to the details :of thfe &nd; a sadder One which fol lowed not long afterwards.' Setting this fancy aside,hb.proyed himself a genuine and disin terested mend.. We had no near relatives ; my .mother was an only daughter, and my father.'had bat one brother, older than, he, whom T had neyer seen, and who had dis apmared from .the place many years ago. He'Vis Supposed to be dead; and from certk&h; hhanee words which I must' have heaid^ bad' Aajired a vague impression that he tfakb.bt acredit-to the family. - Jtv^antrange experience for me to sit in my grandmtrthei^s room after her death, 3pzjh£ at her empty armchair. I could not Semia^y 'ftbm tne jroom; I crept into it at all ^Onrs tfthe day, and sat there trembling. I mentaliy';asfced the stone monkey-figure whitt f^thonght of my grandmother's death, an^^utiniy' fihgers in my earslest I should hem 'in' answer. Jane Painter found me thele lirthe ^evening, when she bathe- to put me to bed) end stated that my grandmother's - present, and that she was in com miOu^Maon' ytifch it;. She held imaginary <wive^Bcfopwith^my grandmother's ehost in ^du^^ieakirig very softly and waiting formpimfltverS. The effect yrap ghastly ana terrifying. 1 Thete fconversations related to nomhjgiWbut $o6r me, and the ^exquisite pam'Jane Ahlter ipflicted upon -me by these meMris'niBybO'eanly imagined. -: • fiS&jfirrt;'riung - Snaggletooth did after my mmScmrbther's funeral was to search for her Foi^ntokmg^and the treasnzesit;wap sup-: posed to rontain. Taking the words in their literal sense, I really thought that, the long stdciing would be found hidden Somewhere —nirdbr the-bed. perhaps, or among the fea^m 'or hp the chimney—stufled with mbiny^ in- -drape resembling my grand mother's. kg, which I knew from actual observation to be a substantial one." ^'Perhaps she made a will," observed Snsg^etooth to my mother. JanO 'Painter was present, hovering about nswith hungryjealous eyes, lest she should be;tijg&fedi; ■ ■ 4t8hedidTpake & will," saidJane Painter, ««ana pmdown in it." **Then we will find it," said Snaggletooth cheerfully. . • •. - Sty-grandmothers desk was opened, and evtery piece of paper in it was examined. - No wiilwas there nora word relating to it. Her trunk was searched with a like result. *' Never mind," said Snaggletooth with a genial -smile, " we shall be sure to find the old lady's long stocking." And he set to work. But although a rigid search was made, no long stocking could be found; Snaggletooth became immensely excited. Very hot, very dusty and dirty, and'with his shirtsleeves tucked up to Ins shoulders, he gazed at vacancy, ana paused toteke breath. _ Disappointed as he was np \- to this point, his faith in my grandmother's long stocking was not shaken; he had it not, andyet he saw it in form as palpable as the lisle-thread stockings of my grandmother, which were scattered about the room. A dose and more systematic search was com menced. The hunt became more and more exciting, and still not a glimpse of the fox's tail'could be seen. Under Snaggletooth's instructions the bedstead was taken down, the pillows and mattresses were ripped open (Snaggletooth being determined to leave no feather unturned), the posts were sounded to discover if they were hollow, and the strictest examination was made of every vestige of toy grandmother's clothing without a satis factory-result. Dirtier and hotter than ever, and covered with fluff and feathers^ Snaggle tooth-looked about him with an air of •' What ntext?" His eye fell upon my grandmother's armchair. Oat came the stuffing; that it -contained and nothing more, My. grandmother's footstool—a like result. Her portly pincushion.—nothing but bran. Up ieainfe the carpet, and almost blinded ns with-dust And then Snaggletooth sat down in the midst of the wreck and said disconsolately: :411 am afraid we must give it up." <So it was given np, and the mystery of my grandmother s long stocking took.honourable place inthe family records as an important legend for .ever afterwards. '. Jane Painter passed through many Btages •f emotion, and ended by being furious. She voWed—no, she swore; it is more appro \- that my mother had secreted my . grandmother's long stocking, and had de stroyed the wilL Nay, more; she screamed that she .Bad seen the treasure, which con suf&,6f,pfW Bank' of notes and; a tesp of gold, and that in the will my grahd motherbad left herthree hundred pounds. ■r "^Woman I" : exclaimed' , Snaggletooth, xfaiigfnqathe nuns, "be qoiet P Woman, yourself!" screamed Jane Painter. , "You're in the plot, to rob a poor S" and I'll have the law of yon; Til have e law* TH have the law I" > "Take -it and welcome, "replied Snaggle tooth. "I hate it." But he was no match for Jane Painter, andheretired from the contest discomfited; didjnot even stop to wash his face, My mother was sad and puzzled. I did not entirely realize at the time the cause of her sadness, because X did not know how poor she really was, but I learnt it after wards.: 'She gathered sufficient courage to tell Jane. Painter that of coarse she could hot stop in the house after what' she had said... ' " If every hair in your head was a diamond," gasped Jane Painter, " I wouldn't Stop. No, not if you went down on your bended knees. Til go to-morrow." Then she pounced upon two silk dresses and some other articles of clothing, and said that my grandmother had given them to her. My mother submitted without a word, and Jane Painter marched to her room and locked them in her box. She did as much mischief as she could on her last evening in our honse; broke things purposely, and revenged herself grandly on poor little me. After undressing and patting me to bed as usual, and after smelling abont the room n.T»d under the bed, and up the chimney for blood, she imparted to me the cheerful intel ligence that my grandmother's ghost wonld come and take me away exactly at 12 o'clock that night. Near to our house was a church, mid many a night had I lain awake waiting for the tolling of the hour. But I never listened with such intensity of purpose as I listened on this night. As midnight drew near, I clenched my fists, 1 bit my lips, I drew my knees almost to my nose. I trem bled and shook in the darkness. I would not look I thought; and when the hour tolled, every note seemed charged with terrible meaning, and I shut my eyes tighter and held my breath under the clothes. But when the bell had done tolling my state of horrible curiosity and fear compelled me to peep out, and there in the middle of .the room stood a tall figure in white, S,o loud and shrill were my hysterical cries that my motherran into the room, mid. found Jane Painter there in her night-dress. I think the 'woman herself, fearful lest she had gone too far; was glad to' quit the house the following day without being called to account for her misdeeds! . She did not leave without a few parting words. She called us all a; parcel of thieves, andsaid thata judgment would &11 upon .us one day for robbing a poor servant of the money her dead mistress had left her. 