NEW SOUTH WALES. bycmey, May 13. Jar. J oseph. inompson, a retired, mer chant, living at Pott's Point, was garotted last night in McLeay-street. He was robbed,-and left on the ground insen sible. ' v.; A heavy south-west gale is reported from. Gabo. • The Gothenburg passed" the Heads jfco-; day. ' ' - , A, movement has been initiated for presenting' a bust of - the late Rev. John West- to the Public Library, and an in fluential Committee has undertaten!;to carry out the object. . . ; " Richelieu " was again repeated the Royal on. Wednesday evening to affair house. Mr. Fairolough's delineation.of- the character was throughout an admirable performance, and from bis entrance to the final scene ;he suc ceeded in completely rivetting the attention of his audience, with a- few exceptions. Con siderable annoyance was caused, both, in; the stalls and one of ..the boxes, by- persons talking aloud during some of the finest passages.: ;Mr. Fairclough was called before, the curtain, a.od rewarded with hearty applause from all parts, of the house. Miss Bowring as Julie, and I dr.'; Carey as Do Manprat, also shared in the liberal; approbation which . was bestowed. To- night " Hamlet" will _ be played, Mr. Fairclough assuming,- the chief character. Miss JDtowring acting as the Queen, Mr. Carey appearing: as. the Ghost, ana Miss Anstead impersonating Ophelia. On. Wednesday afternoon an interest ing wrestling match came off in Adelaide at the Shooting Gallery, Hindloy-street, between a gentleman from New Zealand, and a Cumberland man who i3 a professor of the art. and is said to have been victor in about 40 contests. The amateur is a tall clean bnilt man, very powerful in the chest' and arms, if anything slightly deficient about the hips, and weight somewhat over 12 stone. His opponent is shorter, from a stone to a stone and p. half heavier, and well put together, but no; in good training condition. The event was for so much aside, and there,was somelibsral betting on the^ result, the New Zaalander beiu,? the favorite. He had a longer reaoh and "better wind than his opponent," who puffed and blew considerably at times. The first fall the Cumberland man won by sud denly bringing his weight to bear; but this was his last triumph, the amateur, by his quickness, judgment, strength, and endurance, •winning four falls in succession, when he was declared the conqueror. There was a large and select gathering, a number of well-known and respectable citizens being present, and the affair was conducted in a most unexceptionable manner under _ the superintendence of Mr. Cars fairs, A dispute as to one fall was deoided in favor of the amateur. Connoisseurs who w^re prosent declared that there had been no display of wrertling science in Adelaide to compare with this exhibition for the last 20 years. 