TtfOLIC- $NTELtiflENGE$ VICTORIA. archdiocese^%:elbotjrne. HELP OF g.HMSTIANS. •Friday week being Help* of Christians, the Feast-day" of Province of Australia, special evening service took place in St. Francis' Church. Vespers were sung, at which tlieRev. P. O'Meara presided. Afterwards, a sermon, particularly intended for the Children bf Mary, who occupied the front seats in the nave, was preached by the Rev. Edward Nolan, S. J. The pr-eacher selected for his theme the Sacred Heart of Jesus, and delivered a touching discourse. At the conclusion of the sermon, a procession of the Children of Mary, to the number of over 80, took place round the church, visiting the chapel of Our Lady on the way. The young ladies were attired in white, and bore banners of the Sacred Heart, the Immaculate Conception, and St.' Joseph. The devotions of the Novena of the Sacred Heart of Jesus were then recited, and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament given by Father O'Meara. FEAST OF THE SACRED HEART. During the past week, the devotions of the Novena in honour of the Sacred Heart of Jesus were continued in the Cathedral and St. Francis'' Church. Yesterday being the Feast, Vespers and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament took place in both churches. FIRST COMMUNION IN GEELONG. • There is perhaps no event that leaves a more vivid impression on the young mind of the Catholic than the reception of first Communion. But the circumstances attendant on the interesting ceremony which took place on the Feast of Corpus Ghristi in St. Mary's, Geelong, will not only have the effect of leaving an indelible impression on the minds of the 350 children of both sexes who then received the Blessed Sacrament for the first time, but will long remain fresh in the memories of those of more advanced years who were present on the occasion. The children occupied the greater portion of the nave, the boys being on the epistle side, and the girls—very nicely attired in white dresses, wreaths, and veils—on the gospel side. The sanctuary was decorated with the* 1 banners of the various •en on the dark background formed by the banners and the sanctuary; the contrast afforded by the white dresses of the girls and the darker apparel of the boys ; the delight and satisfaction beaming on the faces of the assembled parents; all contributed to render the spectacle magnificent. Mass was celebrated at 8 o'clock by the Ven. Archdeacon Slatterv, who, in a brief and appropriate address, reminded the children of the great importance of the act they were about to perform. Notwithstanding that the church was densely crowded, it is gratifying to record that not a single accident occurred; and this result was mainly attributable to the admirable supervision of the Children of Mary and members of .I the Christian Doctrine Society. To the officers of the latter society, especially to the esteemed vice-president, Mr. P. Wiley, great credit is due for the manner in which all the preliminaries were arranged. After Mass, the children, as a memento of the day, were treated to a breakfast in St. Mary's school; and at its conclusion gave three, hearty cheers for the Ven. the Archdeacon. At a time when the name of God is banished from the public schools of the colony, it is pleasing to behold such tangible evidence of the value of religious education. The devotions for the Novena in honour of the Sacred Heart were commenced on the evening of Corpus Christi, and continued during the week. MELBOURNE CATHOLIC TOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. This association has made such rapid strides during the past six months that they were enabled last Tuesday to hold their general meeting in St. Patrick's Hall, in which place the association will in future hold their weekly meetings. On the vice-president taking the chair, he congratulated the members upon the wise course they had pursued in taking St. Patrick's Hall, and was glad to see such a large number present (40). The librarian, Mr. Thomas Fields, announced to the meeting .that he had purchased £10 worth of books for a library, which the members could have at the next meeting night for their use. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded this gentleman, for carrying out so well the opinion of the members in respect to the choosing of the books, and the trouble he had gone to. Messrs. Barrass and Fraser were elected new members, and five others were nominated. There are now nearly 70 members in the association. A large number of bye-laws was .submitted to the meeting, aadseveral of them gone through, the bulkof which were left over week. The teeasurer, during the evfi 1 paid fceveral accounts, amounting ?! nearly £18 Subsections were re^ from members, &e.; Nearly allJ? members were good on the books • Advocate, Nation, Irishman, Weekly ^ . Ur, and other papers were laid on til' vestry table. The half- yearly geil(3 meeting takes place on the 30th the election t>f officers will takeVT.- Nominations to be made on the ' June for the election of vice- presitient treasurer, warden, librarian, assistant! librarian, hon. secretary, and a general committee. Judging from the law. attendance last evening, we believe the association has taken a very wise step in selecting such a central hall for their meetings; and with the liberal pro. gramme set forth, that is to say, with its spiritual lectures, library, recitations'' readings, &c.;, this society will prove an ornament to the Catholics of Melbourne The first Tuesday in the month is to be set apart for the exhortation in St. Fran- ' cis'; the second Tuesday, an entertain^ ment of some sort; third Tuesday, gene', ral business, and the fourth Tuesday ffij; same as second. The hon. secretary will be most happy to take the names of any young gentlemen anxious to join, oi Father O'Meara, at St. Francis', where rules can be seen. We wish to call the attention of our readers to an advertisement in our columns in reference to this association. CHURCH OF ST. THOMAS AQUINAS, CLUNES. (Clunes Guardian, June 9.) "Sunday was a festival among the Catholics of Clunes and district, for on that day the ceremony of opening the new church, in Bailey- street, was performed, with the customary solemnities, by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Vicar-General. The weather was extremely unfavourable ; yet, notwithstanding, a largo congregation attended. About eleven o'clock the Vicar-General, attended by Rev. Fathers Corbett, O'Donoghue, and Shanahan, walked round the exterior, aspersing the walls with holy water, and reciting the appropriate Psalms. The satne form was gone through inside. A number of young children of both sexes, bearing flowers and tapers, followed in procession. The church was dedicated "" " " founder ' Angelic i. It is L 'was the author not only of We "Sifiia Theologiae," but of more than one of the Latin hymns which are sung in the services of the Catholic Church throughout the world ; and although he died more than two centuries before th*e Council of Trent was held, his teaching was to a great extent paramount in its Decrees and its Catechism. He was brought up in a house of the great and learned Benedictine Order, but he was. afterwards enrolled among the Dominicans. He died, as history tells us, early in the month of March, 1274, in a Cistercian monastery, on his way to the Council of Lyons, to which he was repairing in obedience to a Papal summons. After the dedication service, the doors of the church were opened, and in a few minutes the interior was crowded by a large and respectable congregation, including many members of other denominations and visitors from a distance. High Mass was then read, the Rev. Father O'Donoghue acting as celebrant, and Father Shanahan as deacon., A strong choir from Ballarat, including the principals of St. Patrick's, was present, and sang Haydn's No. 2 Mass. The whole of the solos were rendered with exquisite taste and ability.. The soloists • were Misses Crowley (Clunes) and Hannah Boyle, and Messrs. Wrigley, Lake, and Power. During the offertory, Miss Crowley, soprano, sang, with fine effect, Cherubim's "Ave Maria." While the collection was being taken, Mr. Stephen Wrigley sang Zangarilli's "Laudate," accompanied by the choir. Mr. Richard Wrigley conducted the musical portion of the service in an able manner. Herr Muench and Mr. Jenkins (Ballarat) presided at the harmonium. During the Mass, Father Corbett delivered a forcible and eloquent sermon, taking for his text the words from the Gospel of St. Matthew—"Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever T have commanded, and lo, I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world. Amen. In the course of his discourse, the rev. preacher reviewed the history of the Catholic Church through ages, of troubles and persecutions, down to the present day, and spoke with eloquent fervour on the freedom of conscience arid worship enjoyed by Catholics in this new land. He asserted distinctly the doctrine ot tranSubstantiation when referring to toe Eucharist. He said, "by the power ot od given to the pries^ the bread changed into the body via' blood, sou ^ j M i i E to go {ftf? faith, in God jras no^g .without ^'ty as charity was iinaocepteblp;with- Qth The Roman Catholic Church, iTsaid was at the present time rising in ^our and splendour. The eyeming .Berime attracted large numbers, the church S-L crowded to excess.' Inthe absence; nf Father Delaney, who wast; ^moun^d S preach, Father Corhett again dfelivered fwrerfol discouEse.fr^in ihe GgffiM.tf If Luke, the.text being-'^or He that fe mighty Has donegreat things, a»a holy t sS name." The sermon w^ controversial in tvm tfeeiargument supporting fte efficacy; of eprayer, and the power of foe interceasioh iif Mary, the Mother of ©od. Tte- language wafe exceedingly beautiful; <a&d;\Style eloquent, and the iteacher 'was listened to with marked atfenliSh by all present. The musical poT- ^•tjl the Vespers was rendered m an manner Jjy the choir. u 0 Siilu- &fw; ,! i was sjing! in parts, :JJiss, Orpwley ^Ing. Admission to the morning serrtoe we* by ^ticket, and : collections. were afipimade atthe mofning and evening services in aid of the building'fund. The totals adount flealised on Sunday will be ahout'^00. The church is a handsome Kill require to be made in the course of a few years, but the accommodiation now provided will be adequate for the present jrants of the districts. The members of $e .Roman Catholic ^Church in the district have long experienced the want of a Suitable place of worship, and they are largely indebted ttf tHe zeal of Rev. M. J. ShanaJian, their present pastor, for having accomplished ' so much. The foundatioh stone of thp church was laid by the JJisnop, Dr. Gfoold, on Sunday, 9th March, 1873. The cost of the buildng, when, , completed, will be about 6000, and-thp .present debt upon it is bout £1000. The architect ia.Mr...Gaelli, of Ballarat j -the-contractors for the tone tfork were' Messrs. Edwards and lewlyen, of the same xsifcy. For the carpentering work, Mr. Axford, of Ballaat;. elating—Mr. McDonald, Ballarat; ainting and glazing —Mr. Ziele, Creswick. Mr. Joseph Davey has acted & lerk of works. CORPUS CHRIST* AT ST. FRAUCIS'. r : Sunday last being the Sunday within the octave of Gorpus'Chruti, solemn High Mass was celebrated in St. Francis' Church, at 11 o'clock, the Rev. P. 0'Meara officiating as celebrant. An unusually large congregation assembled. ,Ihe music performed by the choir was .Signor Giorza's Mass No. 3, which has been dedicated to his Grace Archbishop Polding. The composition is very operatic in many parts, though the great object of the composer, devotional spirit, is not wanting. It is a grand work of art, consisting of sjreet melodies in the solo parts, and an effective combination of harmonies in the choral parts. The symphonies are beautitul; and, as played by the composer. on the grand organ now in St. Francis', are in themselves most delightful. The w.ork is a very large one,, but' the attention is held throughout with great power, even to the end. The following are the most note- •worthy parfe :—The Kyrve, for solo and chorus, in which Miss Bessie Harrison (soprano) sang the solo passages—the whole being well rendered. This was followed by the Gloria in Excelsu, the soloists being Signora.. ,and Signor Coy. The Domine Deus, a solo, was rendered [by Signor Dondi; the Qui Tollis, a solo and chorus, the former by Signora Zenoni Gamboa, with excellent •vocalisation and beautiful effect. Signora Coy sang Qui sedes; and Mr. W. R. Furlong the Qiumiam. The concluding •part of the Gtorta closed with the solo and chohisOuiji sa.nc.to, Miss Harrison rendering the former part with much devotional feeling. The dredo opens with a fugue. The first solo (with chorus) Etlncamatus was sung "by Signora Zenoni Gamboa. The most beautiful part of. the Gredo is the Interum V&vkmiw; est, for soli and Chorus, in which the delicious blending 'of the beautiful voices of Signora and Signor Coy will long be remembered by those who heard it. Et Expecto, ty the Whole choir, ended this part. The offertory piece, O Salutaris,- was sung by Signor. Baldassari, who was most careful and effective in his rendering, of it. In : the Sa/nctiis—a quartette and chorus—the soloists were ' MisslHarrison, Miss Bassett; Mr. Furlong, thfe tenor. The £eiiedicto is a duet and chorus, the former parts of which were rendered ty Sfenbra Coy and Signor ^aldaasarj. , Iii is; Jigmiw J ' a 'd'uet with chor\u, JdiBS Bassett ; andMr. [Fur- ; t^Qk!,^ Jgadi^ ;After.^ss, we procession jww tonned^ Jthe.ichoir perfarming JkcudOr man. f (Benediction xspnduded ^ff Services. c-i-Itj mAy./be'iae^i- ' tio»ed'that*te Italian 1 their servieeB- vigitofef (tebjt&q;^Wo* pi^vMify 'iaf&m;^ltV choir of their intention of com$lpilgi with the ,xequ<Mit.-" "We Understand tkat the libr&iali;, Mr: Kennidt, has ' a nuja* ber of copies of the —salest**'- dipir. It may Sls(j mentioned there will be^coilMion in Sfc Franl_ . on Sunday nej»|may. off the debt .'dud on the Improvements to the organ, w&ch; are now compjete&irfts; power anqsweetness were ;both r skilfully exemplified on Sunday last, and . the-magnificent music on that occasion, Tefetredto the honour and gloiy of God, as it should be, must have : inspire (1 the congregation with grateful feelings of praise, and disposed them to assist t in clearing off the deht which for so lu^li a purpose has l)een incurred. . 