PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE BOYAL. There was a good attendance ait this house on Saturday evening. "The Palace of Truth." and " The Wedding March" were repeated with great spirit and animation; Mr. Greville took the.leading parts in both pieties, and his comicalities and humour were intensely amusing. The other parts were well filled, and altogether the entertainment was most enjoyable. The same programme was repeated on Monday and Tuesday evenings, and- on Wednesday evening Mr. Ireland again made his appearance, playing, by request, "Hamlet." He gave a very respectable representation of the character, but we adhere to our opinion that he will never succeed m the high school. His parts ; do not fit him to attain to a high position in tragedy. His/orfe is genteel comedy, and in that he will ydfc excel his efforts on our stage. Mr. Ireland repeated his impersonation of. " Hamlet" on Thursday evening, aid it is to be said of his assumption of that character, that it is marked by intelligence and originality, and that his,interpretation of the. part is commendably consistent with the best reading of it. To : illustrate our meaning we may point to the scene with Ophelia, where the King arid Polonius are seeing, though unseen. In this Hamlet's unkindness is explained, by his evident consciousness that there are listeners, and by his suspicion that Opehlia is privy to the eavesdropping. And so' in. several other scenes Mr. Ireland gives point to the text, and admirably illustrates its meaning. Miss Carey makes a really.good Ophelia. Mr. Dampier was an undignified King and unspiritual Ghost, and Mra. 'Woolridge, we should say, had no desire herfielf to appear m the Queen. Mr. Greville, as usual, was the Gravediggpr. There was a crowded house last night* , on the occasion of a benefit to Mr. -Greville. • sir. OEOsax's BALL.. ^The-Emerson troupe has had a good week stat. George's HaH; the liSt^faatage in the pfogfam'me having talcenVwijlK Tte vocal part of the entertainment is very much unproved, the effect evidently of careful apd industrious rehearsal: In, some of the burlesques; there .is a good ftegl of.gagging and not much business, but the impromptu efforts of. the performers ane jmo&t; successful in amusing the audience^ and this is;all that is required. There are many who would prefer more song in the first part of the entertainment,-and less of the plantation and breakidown hrisiness in the second part, but most likely it has been asbertained. irom-tha metallic barometer, that unfailing indicator of pubUo taste, , that iroad fun ia 2? re acceptable to the majority than any. Jwng elae.. It is*>nlyfdr nsthea to admit : that the f% provided "by 1 the Emerson'*.: id the best bribe kind we iarehad. 