-g=-rj|ggsgx >«s-sgsss8sgjjs Gtt3)T was the hour of high twelve ; not a cloud obscured the cerulean blue of etherial space ; not J I IT .the ghost of a breath of air mitigated the scorching rays of the meridian sun : cataracts of tyjy thickened moisture oozed and exuded from the tubal ducts through the epidermatal cover- JjlL ing of thousands upon thousands of Sydney's inhabitants. The air, in fact, was Fijian — to speak by the card, the air was. as our teutonic friend would say " Schwiilh"; everyone in the great southern Metropolis — men, women, and children, fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, uncles, aunts, and cousins, all of every degree — was in a state of mental whirly-gig with an innate feeling, that something immense was about to happen. Mr. Punch alone was calm, cool, collected, and composed. He alone knew what was about to transpire, and he awaited the issue, " au magnifico naturel," with that majestic serenity that characterises his outward mien on important occasions ; a serenity that so well becomes his bland features. The evening before an orderly had left at the sanctum a square missive emblazoned with the well-known crest ; need he say, that there was no difficulty — in the state of intimacy that exists between the two distinguished personages — in obtaining sanction to the publication of its contents : it was in reply to one despatched from the inner retreat. Dear Punch tx — t. House, Friday, — , 1874. If you had onlv waited a few hours, there would have been no necessity for your little pleasantly concealed, but nevertheless tart grumble. Wliv will you be so impatient, dear boy ? Because you hear that I have refused to permit those rough Melbournites to pully- haulv him about down there, and upset all our good work, did you think, I say, that I should commit so egregious a blunder as to allow the Vuni to return to Viti (the proper name for the place, my boy, 'pon honour,) without a visit to that greatest wonder of all wonders, the Palace of Fun, and without having interviewed the great Phun Poker in his own domain? Perish the thought ! Dinner parties, collations, entertainments are all verv well, but two such mighty magicians can only talk unreservedly when out of the influence of more common mortals. As with your wonderful knowledge of the Fijian tongue, as of all others known and unknown, you will not need an interpreter, Milne can have a holiday for once. The good old Vuni likes to go rambling about in his own way, but I'll send him up in a close carriage, to avoid his being rushed, as he was at the non-delivery of prizes to the Volunteers. Send your specials out to keep your part of King-street clear. Hutchinson is going out with the ladies and the two Ratus, to see some splendid Drachmas like those in Viti. If you are are a good boy, and don't annov me too much, you shall have one. Just let P. manage as he likes ; I hate being worried. Adieu old fellow. Thankfully and faithfully yours, H. G. R. R n. P.S.— Lady 11. having just looked in, says that you are to be sure to call up to tiffin to morrow. Ned H— 11 will be there, and it will be quite a treat to have you two funny fellows together. Everything at the palace was in readiness. The moment arrived : in spite of all Mr. Punch could do, the benevolent countenance of the distinguished visitor was recognised in the carriage as it rolled up the street, and as it stopped at the door a burst of delighted greeting told of the transport of the multitude that had congregated in the twinkling of an eyelash. In breathless silence the staff of the adjuncts stood at ease, hands on arms, and arms crossed, whilst the Ex-Monarch waddled through the ranks. At the foot of the grand winding stair-case, Mr Punch received his distinguished guest, and accompanied him in silence, according to the Fijian custom, to the Council Chamber. Seating him on the divan, he first attended to his guest's necessary wants by uncorking as gently as possible a bottle of his choice Clicquot, of which the Vuni partook with immense satisfaction. Toby gave indication of a sniff, but was frowned down. It is needless to say that the conference was carried on in the Viti tongue ; bnt for the benefit of the expectant multitude Mr. Punch's interpreters have rendered in the vernacular, allowing by special order certain almost unstranslatable phrases to remain as specimens of the new brut-viti, or Anglo- Fijian dialect, to be compulsorly taught in all schools, national and denominational. " Jfala," (your health) said Mr. Punch. " Bald" replied Thakombau with great unction, very good, you don't want a " Mata-ni-vanna " (speaking man, maker of speeches). " And now, youi Majesty," said the Tui of phunnests, " How do you like Sydney V' " Sa oinoka sava," spleudid, lovely ; I always thought Yiti Levu, M Bau, Nasova, the finest places in the world, but now, " Kau a tiko mai Yiti ga," I have come here from Fiji only to find a new world. But I must go back again, soon, cost too much money, nine hundred pounds not go very far." " Never mind, Yuni," said Mr. Punch, " you have twice as much as Maafu. ' " And now," said he, having placed the ex-monarch thoroughly at his ease before treading on dangerous grounds, " you know our custom of toast drinking, so I am going to propose one : " The Ratu Celua Joseph, who is my very good friend, and reads my paper, has of course told you that I have always taken great interest in Yiti, Bau, and Thakombau (here Mr. Punch bau'd, the Yuni maintaining a stoic calmness) " I drink success to ' the cession.' " " I now have seen my most ardent desire accomplished. I have devoutly wished for this consummation, and have laboured long, hard, and earnestly to bring it about. I am gratified at my success, and thankful to the Yunivalu and my ally the Governor for their co-operation." The Yunivalu then rose and said : Noko, Tui, Mhontairivanua, Pong Vannu — the most mighty of the lords of the soil of phunny men (the old hero, who is evidently a humourist himself, had made up the last word at the spur of the moment, as a delicate compliment to his entertainer) " I thank you for the toast, and also for the butter with which you have soaked it. I am ready at all times to acknowledge the eminent services which you have rendered to the cause of Fijian civilization. Had it not been for these, Fiji might still be the habitation of cruelty, and the resort of the outcast. What pleasure have I not derived from the contemplation of your grand Fijian cartoons and your profound Fijian articles, which Ratu Celua has always translated for me. They were far more powerful than my iron war club in bringing whites and blacks to sense and reason ; they put down Burt, Woods, and all the other quarrellers." In conclusion, me daru vei ive Icani, let us be friends. I beg that you, Mr. Punch, will still keep an eye on these islands, and assist me and my friend the Governor in ruling them. Mr. Punch assured the Tui that he would never be found wanting in the cause of progress, civilization, and enlightenment. At length the distinguished visitor rose to take his leave, but with an untranslatable Fijian ex pression of astonishment (denoting, that this was the happiest moment of his life, or something near it) he started back, as at a private signal from the Monarch of the Punchian Palace, the door opened, and a bevy of lilliputian pages bore on a cushion and presented to the great Vuni Yalu, as they preceded him backwards to his carriage, Mr. Punch's jm 