IMMIGRATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—There has been a lot said for and against emigration ever since the early days of the colony, but I have seen more and heard more of it last week in Adelaide than I have heard or - seen daring the 33 years that I have made myself intimately acquainted with the ups and downs of emigration. In this out-of-the-way-place the late ship load of emigrants was in a week before wo heard of it, and perhaps it would take another week before any one could get to Ade \- laide from here ; so I considered it hopeless to look for men in that direction, but I saw an account of a meeting held in Adelaide, Mr. Samuel Raphael in the chair, protesting in the strongest terms against emigration. I am sorry I have not the paper in which the account of the meeting appeared, so as to quote from i the different speeches, but I recollect one speaker said a new chum never could travel 'from Mount Gambier to the Barrier Ranges and carry his swag, as he had done. Another said that the emigrants were going mad; that one had gone to the Lunatic Asylum already for being induced, by false representations, to leave that beautiful country (England) to reside in such a miserable oppressed hole as Adelaide. Sir, from such representations at a public meeting, presided over by a gentleman of Sammy Raphael's position, I came to the con clusion that surely men could be had in Adelaide, and so I bandied off in all speed j-t but to my surprise. after a whole day going through the streets of Adelaide on other busi ness, still keeping on the look-out for new chums, or a man with the appearance of a workman looking for employment, not one man of the description met my view—the same old familiar faces always, and not very; many of them either. Next morning early I went to the labor offices, and was told there that the men did not call so early; but Mr. Kemp Penney told me civilly that ha had not one man on his books that would suit me, or that he did not think I could get one in Adelaide. I called at another office again after dinner. There were a few men, not to all appearances men used to farm work. Still I considered, if there was a willing hand, we would soon make a ploughman of him.' Lord ! what a scene when I said, in answer to a question, that I would give £40 a year to any man willing to come, whether farm servant or not, or if there was a married man that I would give a house, wood, and water in addition, free, I left them not heaping curses on Sammy Raphael, but saying wiiat a tool l was ro be led away by such, rubbishing false speakers, and went to another labor office. There was there but one or two men, when, after the usual interroga-' tions, I agreed with one man at the rate of £40 per year; that if he served three months I was to pay his passage; if not I was to deduct it from his wages. The officebeeper drew up an agreement, for which I had to pay 5s.,: and my ploughman signed his name, John B . A friend, John B , and myself ad journed to a public-house, when, to my great joy, John was a teetotaller. Bight; I advanced him half a crown, and gave him an order on a boat for a passage to Torke's Peninsula. But as the lamps were lighting, what should walk slowly into my hotel but the ghost of John; no, it was John himself, the boat slipped away and left him; but John was a teetotaller all the time, and would not miss the next oppor tunity. Yery well landlord, let John have his meals-until Friday ; I am going out of town, and I gave John 5s. more, being a teetotaller. But to my surprise when I returned to town in a few days after, a man on the street 1 told me my man John was drinking and fighting just now at the Exchange amongst a lot of loafers. I tell you I did not stop to pray, or curse Sammy, but went direct to a police office. I was told ther6 that that was not the right office, so I went and found", another, and, as far as I can judge, that was ; not the right office either, for the Clerk told me he could do nothing unless I summonded John and stopped in Adelaide to prosecute him, a thing I could not do, as I had incurred too - much expense already. I always thought getting money under false pretences was a great - crime, and that a policeman "would not require any formalities to arrest the man that would bo guilty of such an offence. But it is not the case, and my man John is at liberty to impose his Good Templarism on some other poor clod hopper another time. Sir, from what I have stated here, and it is not the twentieth part of what I have gone through for two days between the labor offices of Adelaide, employers of labor, and farmers in particular, were not in such a pitiable state since the first days of this colony, and I don't think it is right or just for respectable people to countenance such meetings as. the . one held at the • Buck's Head pub, protest- : ing against emigration, when a man could not be had in Adelaide (as the saying is) for love or money. I recollect one of the speakers said—" Bet every man register his vote, and let no man into Parliament that would vote to bring men hereto be starved." I say,'lot every farmer and employer register, and vote for none but men that will pledge themselves to support the Government that will keep a steady supply of labor always available. If our pre sent Government had not the foresight to bring the laborers they did bring, I suppose the case would be worse, and I hope they will do as they did before—not wait for.the sanction of Parliament, but send for a shipload of emi grants every month, until such time as a farmer can get a good man for £10 per year, even at the hazard of losing their seats. I veature to say that after "the next election no Government can hold but a Government that will keep a supply of labor until the supply is equal to the demand; and if a supply of assorted emi grants cannot be had, let there be a supply of 1 free emigrants by all means ; and if a goad man cannot bring his family to the ship let him be assisted to do so,^s I can plainly see our revenue could not be turned to better ac count. Sir, I fear my letter is too long already. But when I tell you that I know ploughs standing still for the want of hands to follow them, you will give me some consideration, and give every opportunity to any one willing to take a part in remedying such an evil. I conclude by saying, that as the North has this season proved itself a wheat- growing country, with free immigration and free land laws, South Australia will be second to no other country in the world for a good hard working man to cast his lot in, not a3 my friend at the Buck's Head said, to oarry his swag from pole to pole. 1 am, Sir, gj'oH^EL KENNY. Troubridge Aroa, March 4. 