THE SOUTH-EAST DISTRICT. ["From our own Mount Gambiar Correspondent,] The season is now sufficiently advanced for an authoritative opinion to be expressed as to the probabilities of the South - Eastern harvest. Shearing and haymaking are being proceeded with vigorously, and the operations are resulting favourably in both cases. The clip of wool is described as very good, being in many instances considerably above the average. There ia a very ■m«ll portion of laud near Monnt Gambier wheat sown compared with that of former years; but the average yield will be higb, for scarcely any inferior ground has been cultivated, and the season could scarcely have been better for cereals. We have had a splendid succession of alternate rains and fine weather, which has told not only in favour of the grain crops, bnt also been advantageous to the early potatoes planted in the higher grounds. There is a fair proportion for the early crop, and they are in excellent conoition. Snt the bulk of the potatoes, estimated by some residents at 8,000 acres, will come in for the late crop. They are ju6t being put in, and the soil is found to be in good trim for their reception. If we get the usual summer rains, and there is so reason to apprehend that we shall not, the yield will be heavy. Potatoes are first favourites just sow, and everybody with an acre of ground at his disposal has not only been careful to. plant potatoes, but is paying them all that attention vrhich is usually bestowed upon a new discovery. The drained lands are in many instances sur passing the most fervid expectations of the farmers. There can now be no doubt that these reclaimed areas will prove the great scheme which led to their redemption and cultivation to be among the wisest of the public acts of South Australia. PatcbeB here and there, however, still cause disappointment; but as a rule throughout the areas those which did badly last year promise fairly this, those that did mode rately promise well, and those that yielded well then will probably give a better average this year than any others in the colony. The next step in connection with this prosper ing district must be a railway. Since I last wrote steady progress has been made towards the accomplishment of this object. Tou have SOt yet bad a fair opportunity of forming an opinion as to wbatis proposed, but I can now state exactly what is suggested, and readers will be able to judge how far it cornea within the scope of the great rail scheme that will possibly soon be submitted to the public. A great move ment is going on in the remote South-East quietly; but a blast of the trumpet is expected to be sounded shortly, when it is believed that the opportune moment has arrived. A League comprising all or nearly all the influential men in the Victorian district has been formed, and a Committee appointed, which is now assiduously fathering data of a reliable character to go upon. Iven the MacDonnell Bay folk refrain from utieriDg a dissentient note, and they are the only section of the settlers from whom such might be expected. But the leading men there are public- spirited and shrewd, so they probably foresee that the prosperity of their port must increase in proportion to the success achieved by the district in its immediate vicinity. No active measures beyond making safe preparations are being taken, as the most important point at present is considered to be the decision who are to represent the two electoral districts in this region in the next Parliament, for the project will depend largely upon able representation. I should like to give both sides of the argument; but it seems to have only one side, of which -these are some of the more important points. It is urged, first, that Adelaide would be directly benefited by the Rivoli Bay Railway, as a great part of the business now being transacted with Melbourne would be transferred to the place with which it could be done more expeditiously. If the line were formed, not only would there be .a safe harbour where consignees might rely upon being able to tranship, but a person settiug out ;from the South-Eastern metropolis at 4 or 5 o'clock one afternoon could be in Adelaide the next. Then the country through which the line would run is represented as good land the whole way, and some of the promoters are so certain that a profitable traffic would be gained that they talk of forming a private Company to construct the railway and carry on the business if the Govern ment will deal liberally towards them. Of the 48 miles, or thereabouts, all but 12 would run through land still in the hands of the Govern ment or ODly recently selected. I cannot give all the arguments urged, but one other is that the population of this end of the province would ehortlv double itself. Commercially, everything is looking exceed ingly welL Every branch of industry feels the elasticity of the times, and over-the-border liquidation seems to have died out. Old resi dents say that affairs never looked healthier. The farming system—in contradistinction to mere wheat-cropping—is amply repaying those who have taken good advice, and land near the town which was bought a year or two ago at £15 will now fetch £*22 per acre in consequence. Every bit of spare ground is heavily stocked, and it is computed that in the South- Eastern District there are 140,000 sheep in the hands of small holders, that is owners of less than 4,000. One great reason of this is the luxuriance of English grasses, which thrive well in this climate. There is little to- complain of regarding health, except several cases of diphtheria, which disease has appeared lately among children, and has in sundry instances ended fatally. The measles raged furiously for a short time, but if there were any fatal results they were few indeed, and it has now subsided. The unexpected demise of Mrs. Long, who was found dead in her bed, with no one else in the house, on the 26th nit., caused a sensation in Mount Gambier, and the inquest has not satisfied enquiry. There is something wrong in the law relating to Coroners' inquests, if it is impossible to have the contents of a stomach analyzed when five out of twelve Jurors request it to enable them to give a conscientious verdict. That was the case in this instance, aud the public mind is perhaps a little less easy than if there had been no inquest held. A unique innovation In business has been in operation for about a month, and affords satis faction to a large number of hard-working employes, without, so far as has been ascer tained, occasioning any inconvenienoe to the rest of the public. Every Wednesday, at noon, the pLac68 of business are closed, and any stranger coming into Mount Gambier would think it was Bubday. The budding township of Millicent promises to follow suit. An important popular question is " Have you seen Hie ghost i" and remarkable stories are in circulation concerning the escape of one from the shades from Hades, who Is seen perambulat ing in deep black costume on the margin of the Blue Lake. For several nights valiant men, armed with sticks, have sought to make its ac quaintance, but tliey havo always searched in the wrong direction, It is believed to be a poor old woman living up there in a cottage, who is .dressed in black for the death of her husband, and has lately takes to harmless solitary ram bles ; but being considerably above the average height, 6Ven when viewed with unclouded vision in broad daylight, she one night assumed gigan tic proportions in the sight of some individual who happened to meet her after the time for closing the public-houses. One thing orying out for prompt attention ou the part of the Public Works Commissioner is the addition to the Hospital, for which the money was voted last year. There is not a room in the district where a lunatic may be placed, but I believe it was atranged when the Commis sioner was here that a temporary asylum should be formed in connection with the Hospital, where unfortunate individuals might be placed under medical superintendence, and perhaps recover without tbo necessity of sending them to Adelaide. Much popular dissatisfaction exists at the necessity of puttie g poor demented creatures into a felon's cell. 