TAIT'S TIP, AND TAIT'S TIP-TOP TOUTING TELEGRAMS. WEDNESDAY, mid-day.—Our readers need not be reminded of our Derby tip last Thursday, tlie racing world will give us credit for being the first to spot the winner and to declare it quickly. We gave Melbourne -without any ifs ; unlike the sportive weeklies, we heed not what this might do, or what that had done, or if the weather should be so and so, or should he be fit on the day, &c.; No, on the contrary we went bald-headed for the yellow and black ; and we now intend going into the event of the year, the Melbourne Cup ! Upon the merits of John Tail's system of scoring wins we i3o not intend to dwell; it is enough to know that Tait does occasionally win, often winning wheu least wanted, and often wanted when least needed; iMit tWt Tait knows a few wrinkles about Melbourne Cups none will deny. We therefore, on the eve of the big thing, waited upon 111'. Tait, at Flemiogton, aud arranged wiih honest John lo send us in during Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning his latest ideas aud final pick for the Cup. We have nothing to do now but return our thanks, give the ideas to the world, swallow a pint of fizz to the success of the tip, and wish our readers and subscribers the luck ihey deserve. That's what's the matter. FLEMIKGTOK, Tuesday afternoon. At the Stables (Laurel). i .47.—Morning papers, toutiugs pretty accurate, bar the Sydney division. We cannot rely upon the weather ; if we could, I should say (Line interrupted.) 0.10.—You aie too precipitate (uo joke); however, Wilson's stable must be held to be my worst opponent, 6.30.—Bond aud Chapman, also old Yuille aud Syduc/ Pegasus, agree with me when I said that my horse could only do the time. 7.10.— I understand. If I speak too plainly, I am naturally warming up to my duties. We have ordered in the fizz, and Chadwick booked it to you. Do not stand to lose on this King of the King. Fitzyattendon has not got a ghost of a show. Lurline could knock spots out of him. Your good health, sir; what is the betting tonight? Reply. 8.10.—Take £3000 to £300 for me, and put £100 even the big 'an gets a place. Excuse me, there is a row near the stable. 8.20.—Lucky I took your advice, and remained at home. Three perfect and ill-clad strangers have been nagging at Ash worth for an hour to drink with them. He persistently refused. One of tbem struck him, and I knocked the man down like a bullock. I floored the other two, and kicked the pair out of the yard. Chadwick is now preparing my final mash for the Arrow and Goldsbrougli. Back Lurline for a place, you ask. Don't fool your money away. Put a pony on the Diver for Bond, who is asleep on the sofa, and asked me. Chapman (Augur) is in my stable with Jemmy. Chapman sticks to the big'un. Nothing from you for an hour. Your health, sir; the best horse to win. 9.5.—Don't touch him till I tell you. 'Why will you worry me with the same thing? No, certainly not. Who cares for what the room says ? The Arrow has now got his final mash, and Goldsbrough's is in the pail. We are all in the stable except Bond. Bond has made up bis mind we are out of it. The mash is entirely my own. This is private ; but why do you want it? All right. Eleven pounds of carrots boiled down to four, two ounces of castor oil steeped in melted india-rubber, aud six ounces of fine bran; the lot served up hot, with a thilnbleful of champagne in each pail. Won two champions, three cups—right. Both horses'legs freely stretched to-night, and the Arrow's shoes on. Goldsbrough had his dose as I write, Slightly billious, thanks, but will be fresh. Late hours tell on horse, like man. Jemmy is bedding down for the night. Augur wishes to sleep here, but contrary to my rules. Water will be given at I a.m. I never smoke. Jemmy does not require more than one eye at any time. Ease off three hundred at 10 o'clock, if no change.- Stockbridge; why do you keep on at me about the finish ? I ,can lick him again, and will.. Goldsbrough snores 1 What a question, Are you fellows going mad? 10.—Glad you got it. Risk £300 more, then stop. Coker's nose is a good one to follow. The boys are sleeping, I am not afraid, nor ever was, of fifty Wilsons. One more bottle, and then to bed. My worst luck would be .to think that the fellow ever backed my stable. 10.30.—Am off to bed, therefore my last to-night. I will wire you early, in time for your issue. I have three black cats jn Arrow's box, and two in Goldsbrough : s. Arrow is eating, Goldsbrough snoring— both good signs. Ashworth is sleeping with the good eye open on Goldsbrough's flank. Don't ask me, my boy, who rides Arrow, The touts will get the fiuest sell this meeting we have known for a long while. I shall lunch with Petty, thanks. Wear my colours with great pleasure. Come away from the room ; they kuow nothing. I love , a black cat with a curly tail. The three cats in Arrow's box cannot put their hind legs down, their tails are curling so tight. Good night. TAIT'S TIP. Wednesday, Noon. Stables. I know nothing to alter my mind. I am glad you did not get Melhado's money. Both horses well. At four this morning I counted 23 black cats leaving the Arrow's box 1 ! 1 Goldsbrough must lun up of a certainty. Save on that Diver 1 And if, after passing the Abattoirs, you see the wcolman among'em, hedge the place bets. At the straight, when Arrow makes his effort, if King of the Ring is behind, put on one hundred more. By the last booths on the Flat, if the five year old is near the first four, put on your infernal shirt! Fiually. just oDe piut bottle, for lunch. Yours, my boy. also —The Queen, God bless her. and here we go for the ARROW. 