Tales. Ninety-Three. , rALg rouXDBO ON TBE F&KNCB; BEYOLUTIOH OF 1793. Br Victor Hugo. rnt (ixbt ot pabUoattoo has been purchased by the proprttton \--1 '? «f the Sydney Mail.] PART THE THIRD — IN YENDEE. Book tbb Fouhth. — In D^mone Decs. Chapter I. — Found, but Lost. At the moment when Michelle Flechard had caught sight of the tower she was more than a league off. ( She, who could scarcely take a step, did not hesitate before these miles which must be traversed. The woman was weak, but the mother found strength. She walked on. The eun set — the twilight came— then the night. Still pressing on, she heard a bell afar off, hidden by ? the darkness, strike o o clock, tnen y. ine peal pro bably came from the belfry of Parigue. From time to time she paused to listen to strange sounds like the deadened echo of blows, which perhaps might be the wind in the distance. She walked straight on, breaking the furze and the sharp heath-stems beneath her bleeding feet. She was guided by a faint light which shone from the distant tower, defining its outlines against the night, and giving a mysterious glow to ths tower amid the surrounding gloom. This light b ;came more distinct when the noise sounded louder, then faded suddenly. The vast plateau across which Michelle Flechard journeyed was covered with grass and heath. Not a house, not a tree appeared. It rose gradually, and, as far as the eye could reach, stretched in a straight hard line against the sombre horizon, where a few stars gleamed. She had always the tower before her eyes — the sight kept her strength from failing. She saw the missive pile grow slowly as she walked on. We have just said the smothered report and the pale gleams of light starting from the tower were intermittent ; they stopped, then began anew, offering an enigma full of agony to the wretched mother. Suddenly they ceased — noises and gleams of light both died. There was a moment of complete silence — an ominous tranquillity. It was juBt at this moment that Michelle Flechard reached the edge of the plateau. She saw at her feet a ravine, whose bottom was lost in the wan indistinctness of the night. At a little distance, on the top of the plateau, and entan glement of wheels, metal and harness, which was a battery ; and before her, confusedly lighted by the matches of the cannon, an enormous edifice, that seemed built of shadows blacker than the shadows which surrounded it. This mass of buildings was composed of a bridge, whose arches were imbedded in the ravine, and of a sort of castle which rose upon the bridge; both bridge and castle were supported against a lofty circular Bhadow — the tower towards which this mother had journeyed from so far. You could see lights come and go in the loopholes of ihe tower, and from the noise which surged up she divined that it was filled with a crowd of men — in- deed now and then their gigantic Bhadews were flung out on the night. Near the battery was a camp, whose outposts Michelle Flechard might have perceived through the gloom and the underbrush, but she had as yet noticed nothing. She went cIobc to the edge of the plateau — so near tbe bridge that it seemed to her she could almost touch it with her hand. The depth of the ravine alone kept her from reaching it. She could make out in the gloom the three storicB of the bridge-castle. How long she stood there she could not have told, for her mind, absorbed in her mute contemplation of this gaping ravine and this shadowy edifice, took no note of time. What was this building ? What was going on within ? Was it La Tourgue ? A strange dizzi ness seized her ; in her confusion she ceuld not tell if this were the goal she had been seeking on the start ing-point of a terrible journey. She asked herself why she was there. She looked ; she listened. Suddenly a great blackness shut out every object. A cloud of smoke swept up between her and the pile ?'she was watching : a sharp report forced her to close iter eyes. Scarcely had she done so when a great ?light reddened the lids. See looked again. It was no longer the night she had before her— it was the day — but a fearful day — the day born of fire. ?She was watching the beginning of a conflagration. From black the smoke had become soarlet, filled with a mighty flame which appeared and disappeared, writhing and twisting in serpentine coils. The flame burst out like a tongue from that which resembled blazing jaws — it waB the embrasure of a window filled with fire. This window, crossed by iron bars, already reddening in the heat, was a casement in the lower story of the bridge-castle. Nothing of the edifice was visible except this window. The smoke covered even the plateau, leaving only the mouth of the ravine black against the vermilion flames. Michelle Flechard stared in dumb wonder. It was like a dream — she ?could no longer tell where reality ended and the con fused fancies of her poor troubled brain began. Ought she to fly ? Should she remain ? There was nothing real enough for any definite decision to steady her mind. A wind swept up and tore away the curtain of smoke ; in the opening the frowning bastille rose sud '^enly in view : donjon, bridge, chatelet ; dazzling in tne terrible gilding of conflagration which framed it i,0ni . *° bottom. The appalling illumination , owed Michelle Flechard every detail of the ancient ieep. . lowest part of the bridge-castle was burning. Above rose the other two stories, sail untouched, ut as it were supported on a pedestal of flames. From the edge of the plateau where Michelle \- lechard stood, she could catch broken glimpses of j'je mterior between the clouds of smoke and fire. ^mn WB were open. Though the great casements of the second story, Quenelle Flechard could make out the cupboards stretched along the walls, which looked to her full of ooks, and by one of the windows could see a little gtoup lying on the floor, in the shadow, indistinct and together like birds in a nest, which at times dfrectioCle-* 8^C 8&W; move' looked fixedly in this shadow*' ^iat little group lying there in the Sometimes it flashed across her mind that those Tirfnf- vm® forms ; but Bhe had fever, she had eaten .fung since morning, she had walked without inter JUf100' 8^e utterly exhausted, she £elt herself stin® a 80rt hallucination which she had ii* -»re^on enough to struggle against. Still her eyes themselves ever more steadily upon that one wun \ a °°U^ not look away from that little heap tluLt' v j \°r — a maBS inanimate objects doubtless -1.,,,, ^ been left in that room below which the T!fJroar®d and billowed. ' tn*5' the fire, as if animated by a will and pur« pose, flung downward a jet of flame toward the great dead ivy which covered the fagade at which Michelle Flechard was gazing. it seemed as if the flre had just discovered this out work of dried branches ; a spark darted greedily upon it, and a line of flame spread upward from twig to twig with frightful rapidity. In the twinkling of an eye it reached the second story. As they tose, the flames illuminated the chamber of the flrst floor, and the awful glue threw out in bold relief the three little creatures lying asleep upon the floor, A lovely statuesque group of legs and arms interlaced, closed eyes, and angelic, smiling faceB. The mother recognised her children ! She uttered a terrible cry. That cry of indescrib- i able agony is only given to mothers. No sound is at once so savage and so touching. When a woman utters it, you 6eem to hear the yell of a she-wolf ; when the she-welf cries thus, you seem to hear the voice of a woman. This cry of Michelle Flechard was a howl. Hecuba howled, says Homer. It was this cry which reached the Marquis de Lan tenac. When he heard it, he stood still. The Marquis wag between the outlet of the passage through which he had been guided by Halmalo and the ravine. Across the brambles which enclosed him he saw the bridge in flames and La Tourgue red with the reflec tion. Looking upward through the opening which the branches left above his head, he perceived close to the edge of the plateau on the opposite side of the gulf, in front of the burning castle, in the full light of the conflagration, the haggard, anguish-stricken face of a woman bending ever the depth. It was this woman who had uttered that cry. The face was no longer that of Michelle Flechard ; it was that of Medusa. She was appalling in her agony. The peasant woman was transformed into one of the Eumenides. This unknown villager, vulgar, ignorant, unreasoning, had risen suddenly to the epic grandeur of despair. Great sufferings swell the soul to gigantic proportions. This was no longer a simple mother — the voice of all motherhood cried out through hers ; whatever sums up and becomes a type of humanity grows superhuman. There she towered on the edge of the ravine, in front of the conflagration, in presence of that crime, like a power from beyond the grave ; she moaned like a wild beast, but her attitude was that of a goddess ; the mouth, which uttered im precations, was set in a flaming mask. Nothing could have been more despotic than her eyes shooting light nings through her tears. The Marquis listened. Her voice flung its echoes down upon his head : inarticulate, heartrending — sobs rather than words. ' Ah my God, my children ! Those are my chil dren ! Help ! Fire ! fire ! fire ! O you brigands ! Is there no one here ? My children are burning ! Georgette ! My babies ! Gros- Alain — Rene-Jean ! What does it mean r Who put my children there ? They are asleep. Oh, I am mad '. It cannot be ! Help, help ! ' Still a great bustle and movement was apparent in La Tourgue and upon the plateau. The whole camp rushed out to the fire which had just burst forth. The besiegers, after meeting the grape-shot, had now to deal with the conflagration. Gauvain, Cimour* dain, and Guechamp were giving orders. What was to be done ? Only a few buckets of water could be drained from the half dried brook of the ravine. The consternation increased. The whole edge of the plateau was covered with men whose troubled faces watched the progress of the flames. What they saw was terrible. They gazed, and could do nothing. The flames had spread along the ivy and reached the topmost story, leaping greedily upon the straw with which it was filled. The entire granary was burning now. The flames wreathed and danced as if in fiendish joy. A cruel breeze fanned the flames. One could fancy the evil spirit of Imanus urging on the fire, and rejoicing in the destruction which had been his last sarthly crime. The library, though between the two burning stories, was not yet on fire ; the height of its ceiling and the thickness of the walls retarded the fatal moment — but it was fast approaching ; the flames frem below licked the stones —the flames from above whirled down to caresB them with the awful embrace of death : beneath, a cave of lava — above, an arch of embers. If the floor fell first, the children would b flung into the lava stream ; if the ceiling gave way, they would be buried beneath a brasier of burning coals. The little ones slept still ; across the sheets of flame and smoke which now hid, now exposed the case ments, they were visible in that fiery grotto, within that meteoric glare, peaceful, lovely, motionless, like three confident cherubs slumbering in a hell ; a tiger might have wept to see those angels in that furnace, those cradles in that tomb. And the mother was shrieking still — ' Fire ! I say, fire ! Are they all deaf, that nobody comes r They are burning my children ! Come — come — you men that I see yonder. Oh, the days and days that I have searched — and this is where I find them ! Fire ! Help ! Three angels — to think of three angels burn ing there ! What had they done, the innocents ? They shot me — they are burning my little ones. Who is it does these things ? Help ! Save my children ! Do you not hear me ! A dog — one would have pity on a dog ! My children — my children ! They are asleep. O Georgette — I see her face ! Rene-Jean ! Gros- Alain ! Those are their names. You may know I am their mother. Oh, it is horrible ! I have travelled days and nights ! Why, this very morning I talked of them with a woman. Help, help ! Where are those monsters r Horror, horror ! The eldest, not five years old — the youngest, not two. I can see their little bare legs. They are asleep, Holy Virgin ! Heaven gave them to me, and devils snatch them away. To think how far I have journeyed. My children, that I nourished with my milk ! 1, who thought myself wretched because I could not find them ! Have pity on me. I want my children — I must have my children ! And there they are in the fire. See how my poor feet bleed r Help ! It iB not possible, if there are men on the earth, that my little ones will be left to die HWo this. Help ! Murder ! Oh, such a thing was never seen ! O assassins ! What is that dreadful house there ? They stole my children from me in order to to kill them. God of mercy, give me my children ! They shall not die ! Help — help— help ! Oh, I shall curse Heaven itself if they die like that ! ' While the mother's awful supplications rang out, j other voices rose upon the plateau and in the ravine. 1 ' A ladder ! ' ' There iB no ladder ! ' ' Water ! ' ' There is no water ! ' I ' Up yonder — in the tower—on the second story — , there is a door.' '? It is iron.' j ' Break it in ! ' ' Impossible ! ' And the mother redoubled her agonised appeals : ' Fire ! Help ! Hurry, 1 say— if you will not kill me t My children, my children ! O the horrible fire ! Take them out of it — or throw me in.' In the interval between these clamours the triumph ant crackling of the flames could be heard. The Marquis put his hand in his pocket and touched the key of the iron door. Then stooping again be neath the vault through which he had escaped, he turned back into the passage from whence he had just emerged. Chapter II. — From the Dooit of Stonb to thh Book op Ihon. A whole army distracted by the impossibility of giving aid — four thousand men unable to succour three children. Such was the situation. Not even a ladder to be had — that sent from Javena had net arrived. The flaming space widened like a crater that openB. To attempt the stayin&of; the fire by means of the half- dried brook would have been mad folly — like flinging a glass of water on a volcano. Cimourd∈, Guechamp, and Radoub had descended into the ravine. Gauvain remounted to the room in the second story of the tower, where were the stone that turned, the secret passage, and the iron door leadisg into the library. It was there that the sulphur-match had been lighted by Imanus ; from these the conflagration had started. Gauvain took with him twenty sappers. There was no possible resource except to break «pen the iron door— its fastenings were terribly secure. They began by blows with axes. The axes broke. A sapper said, 'Steel snaps like glass against that iion.' The door was made of double sheets of wrought iron, bolted together — each sheet three fingers ia. thickness. They took iro* bars and tried to shake the dsor beneath their blows ; the bats broke ' Kir* matches,' said one of the sappers. Gauvain murmured gloomily — 'Nothing but a bid ' could open that door. If we could only get a cMooa up here.' 41 But how to do it i' answered the sapper. There was an overwhelming moment. Those power less arms ceased their efforts. Mute, conquered, dismayed, these men stood staring at the im movable door. A red rejection crept from be neath it. Behind, the conflagration was each instant increasing. The frightful corpse of Imanus lay on the floor — a demoniac victor. Only a few moments more'and the whole bridge-castle might fair in. What could be done ? There was not a hope left. Gauvain, with his eyes fixed on the turning -stone and the secret passage, cried furiously, ' It was by \ that the Marquis de Lantenac escaped.' ' And returns,' eaid a voioe. The face of a white-haired man appeared in the stone frame of the secret openiag. It was the marquis ! Many years had passed since Gauvain had seen that face so near. He recoiled ; the rest stood petrified with astonishment. The marquis held a large key in his hand. He cast a haughtv glance upon the sappers standing before him, walked straight to the door, bent beneath the arch, and put the key in the lock. The iron creaked — the door opened, revealing a gulf of flame. The marquis entered it— he entered with a firm step, his head erect. The lookera-on followed hi™ with their eyes. The marquis had scarcely moved half a dozen paces down the blazing hall when the floor, undermined by the fire, gave way beneath his feet, and opened a pre- . cipice between him and the door. He did not ' even turn his head — he walked steadily on. He disappeared in the smoke. Nothing more could be seen. Had he been able to advance farther? Had a new slough of fire opened beneath his feet ? Had he only succeeded in destroying himself? They could not , tell. They had before them only a wall of smoke * * and flame. The marquis was beyond that, living or dead. Chaftbk III. — The Children Waxb. The little ones at last open their eyes. The conflagration had not yet entered the library, but cast a rosy glow across the ceiling. The children had never seen an aurora like that ; they watched it. Georgette was in ecstacies. The conflagration un furled all its splendours— the t-lack hydra and the scarlet dragon appeared amid the wreathing smoke in awful darkness and gorgeous vermilion. Long streaks of flame shot far out and illuminated the shadows, like opposing comets pursuing one another. Fire is recklessly prodigal with its treasured ; its fur naces are filled with gems, which it flings to the winds. It is not without reason that charcoal is identical with the diamond. Fissuies had opened in the wall of the upper story, through which the embers poured like cascades of jewels ; the heaps of straw and rats burning in the granary began to stream out of the windows in an avalanche of golden rain, the rats turning to amethysts and the straw to carbuncles. 'Pretty!' said Georgette. They all three raised themselves. ' Ah !' cried tbe mother — ' they have woke !' Rene- Jean got up, then Gros- Alain, and Georgette followed. Rene- Jean stretched his arms towards the window, and said, ' I am warm.' 'Me warm,' cooed Georgette. «: The mother shrieked — ' My children ! Rene ! Alain ! Georgette !' The little ones looked about. They strove to com prehend. When men are frightened children are only curious. He who is easily astonished is difficult to alarm ; ignorance is intrepidity. Children have so little claim to purgatory that, if they saw it, they would look at it in pleased wonder. The mother repeated, 'Rene ! Alain! Georgette!' Rene-.Tean turned his head— that voice roused him from his reverie. Children have short memories, but th«ir recollections are swift — the whole past is yester day to them. Rene- Jean saw his mother, found that perfectly natural, and feeling a vague want of support in the midst of those strange surroundings, he called, ' Mamma !' ' Mamma !' said Gros- Alain. ' M'ma said Georgette, and she held out her little arms. ' My children !' shrieked the mother. All three went close to the window ledge ; fortu nately the fire was not on that side. 'Iam too warm,' said Rene-Jean. He added. j 'It burns.' Then his eyes sought the mother — ' Come here, mamma !' he cried. 'Turn, m'ma,' repeated Georgette, lhe mother, with her hair streaming about her face, her garments torn, her feet and hands bleeding, let | herself roll from bush to bush down into the ravine. Cimourdain and Guechamp were there, as powerless as Gauvain was above. The soldiers, desperate at being able to do nothing, swarmed about. The heat was insupportable, but nobody felt it. They looked at the bridge — the height of the arches— the different stories of the castle — the inaccessible windows. Help to be of any avail must come at once. Three stories to c}imb — no way of doing it. Radoub, wounded, with a sabre cut on his shoulder and one ear torn off, rushed forward drip ping with sweat and blood. He saw Michelle Flechard. ' Halloa !' cried he. ' The woman that was shot t So you have come to life again r' ' Mv children !' groaned the mother. ' You are right,' answered Radoub ; ' we have no time to busy ourselves about ghosts.' He attempted to climb the bridge, but in vain ; he dug his nails in between the stones, and clung there for a few seconds, but the layers were as smoothly joined as if the wall had been new — Radoub fell back. The conflagration swept on each instant, growing more terrible. They could see the heads of the three children framed in the red light of the window. In his frenzy Radoub shook his clenched hand at the sky, and shouted — ' Is there no mercy yonder r' The mother, on her knees, clung to one of the piers, crying — ' Mercy, mercy !' *i lhe hollow sound of cracking timbers rose above the roar of the flames. The panes of glass in the bookcases of the library cracked and lell with a crash. It was evident that the timber work had given way. Human strength could do nothing. Another mqmenfc and the whole would fall- The soldiers only waited for the final catastrophe. They could hear the little voices repeat, ' Mamma, mamma !' The whole crowd was paralysed with horrer. ^ Sud denly. at the casement near that where the children, stood, a tall form appeared against the crimson back ground of the flames. Every head was raised— every eye fixed. A. maw was above there — a man in the library — in the furnace ! The face showed black against the flames, but they could sec the white hair— they recognised Hie iCarquiB de Lsntenat. He disappeared, then appeai ed»gain. . 'k® indomitable old man stood in tbe window, shoving out an enormous ladder. It was the escape laddt* deposited in tbe library ; he had seen it lying vjhno^ the floor, jwd dragged it to the window. * lie held H by one end ; with the hietvcIIou? agility of an athlete tat: slipped it out of the casement, and slid it ainng the wall down into the ravine. Radoub folded hie arms about tbe ladder ae it descended within hie reach, crying, ** Long live the Republic i*' The marquis shouted, LoRg live the King !' Radoub Muttered, ' You may cry what you like, ! and talk nonsense it you please — but you are an angel j of mercy all the same.' - Tbe ladder was safely grousded, and 8 communica- j tion Was established between the burning door and 1 tbe ground. Twenty men rushed up, Radoub at their j head, and in the twinkling of an eye they were hang- j ing to the rungs trom the top to the bottom, making a human ladder. Radoub, on the topmost rune, touched the window. He had hie face turned toward the conflagration. The little army scattered among the heath and along die Bides of the ravine pressed forward, overcome by contending emotions, upon the plateau, into the ravine, out on the platlorm of ; the tower. The marquis disappeared again, then reappeared hearing a child in his arms. There was a tremendous clapping of hands. The marquis had seized the first little one that he fotind within reaeh. It was Gros- Alain. Gros- Alain cried, ' Z am afraid.' The marquis gave the boy to Radoub ; Radoub pawed him on to the soldier behind, who passed him to another, asd just as Gros- Alain, greatly frighten ed and Bobbing loudly, was given from hand to hand to the bottom ef the ladder, tbe marquis, who had been absent for a moment, returned to the window with ; Rene- Jean, who struggled and wept and beat Radoub with hiB little fists as tne marquis passed him on to the Bergeant. The marquis went back into the chamber that was now filled with flames. Georgette was there alone.. He went up to her. She smiled. This man of granite felt his eyelids grow moist. He asked, ' What is your name?' ?' OTgette,' she said. He took her in his arms ; she was still smiling, and, at the instant he handed her to Radoub, that conscience so lofty and yet so darkened was da/.zled by the beauty of innocence ; tbe old man kissed the child. ' It is the little girl ! ' said the soldiers ; and Georgette in her turn descended from arm to arm till she reached the ground, amid cries of exultation. They clapped their hands ; they leaped : the old grenadiers sobbed, and she smiled at them. Tbe mother Btood at the foot of the ladder breath- ; less, mad, intoxicated by this change — living, without a pause, from hell into paradise. Excess of joy lace rates the heart in its own way. She extended her ami ; she received first G roe-Alain, then llene-Jean, then Georgette. She covered them with frantic kisses, then burst into a wild laugh, and fainted. A great cry arose : ' They are all saved ! ' All were indeed saved, except the old man. j But no one thought of him — not even he himself, ] perhaps. He remained for a few inetants leaning ] against the window-ledge lost in a reverie, as if he . wished to leave the gulf of flames time to make a 1 decision. Then, without the least haste, elowly, in- j deed, and proudly, he stepped over the window-sill, j and erect, upright, his shoulders agaisst the rungs, - having the conflagration at his back, the depth before I him, he began to descend the ladder in silence with the majesty of a phantom. The men who were on the \ ladder sprang off ; every witness shuddered ; around j t.l»» man thus descending from that height there was ( a sacred horror as about a vision. But he plunged j calmly into the darkness before him ; they recoiled, j he drew nearer them ; the marble pallor of his face j showed no emotion ; bis haughty eyes were calm and j cold ; at each step he made toward those men whose ! wondering eyes gazed upon him out of the darknesB, he seemed to tower higher, the ladder shook and echoed under his firm tread — one might have thought him the statue of the commandatore descending anew into his sepulchre. Ab the maiquiB reached the ground, and his foot left the last rung and planted itself on the earth, a band seized his shoulder. He turned about. ' I arrest you,' said Cimourdain. ?' I approve of what you do,' said Lantenac. Book the Fifth. — The Comiut after the Victory. Chattbr I. — Lantenac taken. The marquis had indeed descended into the tomb. He was led away. The crypt dungeon of the ground- floor of La Tourgue was at once opened under Cimourdain's lynx eyed superintendence. A lamp was placed within, a jug of water and a loaf of regulation bread ; a bundle of straw was flung on the ground, and in less than a quarter of an hour from the instant when the priest's hand seized Lantenac. the door of the dungeon closed upon him. This done, Cimourdain went to find Gauvain ; at that instant 11 o'clock sounded from the distant church clock of Farigue. Cimourdain said to his former pupil, ' I am going to convoke a court-martial ; you will not be there. You are a Gauvain, and Lantenac is a Gauvain. You are to^near a kinsman to be his judge.; 1 blame Egalite for having voted upon Capet's sentence. The court- martial will be com posed of three judgeB :*an officer, Captain Guechamp ; a non-commissioned officer, Sergeant Radoub, and myself— I shall preside. But none of this concerns you any longer. We will conform to the decree of the convention ; we will confine ourselves to proving tbe identity of the ci- devant Marquis de Lantenac. To-mcrrow the court-martial — the day after to- morrow the guillotine. Vendee is dead.' Gauvain did not answer & word, and Cimourdain, pre-occupied by the closing task which remained for him to fulfil, left the young man alone. Cimourdain had to decide upon the hour and choose the place. He had, like Lequinio at Granulle, like Tallien at Bordeaux, like Chalier at Lyons, like Saint- Just at Strassburg, the habit of assisting pers3nally at execu tions ; it was considered a good example for the judge to come and see the headsman do his work— a custom boirowtd by the Terror of '93 from the Parliaments of France and the Inquisition of Spain. Gauvain also was pre-occupied. A cold wind moaned up trom the forest ; Gauvain left Guechamp to give the necessary orders, went to j hi6 tent in the meadow which stretched along the edge j of the wood at the foot of La Tourgue, took his hooded j cloak, and enveloped himself therein. This cloak was j bordered with the simple galoon which, according to j the republican custom, chary of ornament, designated j the commander-in-chief. He began to walk about in j this bloody field where the attack had commenced, j He was alone there. The fire still continued, but no ; one any longer paid attention to it. Radoub was \ beside the children and their mother, almost as mater nal as she. The bridge-castle was nearly consumed — the sappers hastened the destruction. The soldiers were digging trenches in order to bury the dead ; the wounded were being cared for ; the retirade had been demolished ; the chambers and stain disencumbered ef the dead ; the soldiers were cleansing the scene of cuwyft sweeping «v»y tbe twribie of ^ vjtv.ry ; with true military rapidity setting everything in order after the battle. Gauvain saw nothing of ail thin. - So profound was his reverie that he scarcely cast a glance toward the guard about the tower, doubled by the orders of Cimourdain. He could make out the breach through the dark n €,?«, perhaps two hundred leet away from the .corner of the tield where he had taken refuge. lie could see the black opening. It was there th-i attack had com mented three hours before ; it was by this d trk gap that he — Gauvain — had penetrated into the tower ; there wat the ground-fl--oi where the retirade had stood ; it was on that s»me floor that the door of the marquis's prison opened. The guard at the breach watched this dungeon. While his eyes were absently fixed upon the heath, in his ear rang confusion, like the echo of a knell, these words : ' To-morrow the court-martial : the day after to-morrow the guillotine.' The conflagration, which bad been isolated, and upon which the sappers had thrown all the water that could be procured, did not die away without resist ance ; it still cest out intermittent flames. At mo ments the cracking of the ceilings could be heard, and the crash one upon another of the different stories as they fell in a common ruin ; then a whirlwind of sparks would fly through the air, as if a gigantic torch had been shaken ; a glare like lightning illuminated the farthest verge of the horizon, and the shadow of La Tourgue, growing suddenly colossal, spread out to the edge of the forest. Gauvain walked elowly back and forth amid the gloom in front of the breach. At intervals he clasped his two hands at the back of his head, covered with his soldier's hood. He was thinking. 