ADELAIDE. The -Treasurer's motion for free interdhang'a' of productB' between the Australasian) Colonies has been carried, and a Bill with this object in- troduoed. , ; . ... ...: ? . : The Eugiueer-ic-Chief reportB unfavourably- ?? ??'-'? regarding the project for cutting a new entrance £355,000. : : ? ' : ? The Leiohhabdi. — OurreadorB will be glad to learn that the balance of the non-paying passengers by the Leichhardt,' steamer, lately arrived from Cooktown, who were sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment -in default of pay ment of .passage money, were yesterday after* noon (by order of the Executive Counoil) - released from custody. These men have never beon sent to the gaol, temporary accommodation .having been found for 'them at the Police- Office lock-up. , : , The. Commissioner of Police reoeived the following.- telegram yesterday :— ' Townsville, Juno 17. — Just arrivod' from Charters Towers with five - thousand eight hundred and thirty* ? - six ounces of gold ; four hundred and twenty eight ounces of this is from Kavenewood. — . Mathew CoiiOPT, Sub-Inspeolor. '.. ! ; ?? Testimoniaii to the Por/rcs Magisteate. — About forty gentlemen assembled- at the Royal Hotel lost night for tho purpose of pre- ??: -, ?'? flenting.an address to F. Eawlins, Esq.,- testify- ' ' ing to^the esteem in whioh that gentleman is' - held by his friendB. Tho address,' 'whiuh was accompanied « by a more substantial token of ' regard, in t.he Bhape of a woU-lilled purse, was ? 'presented by the ohairman,.Dr. O'Doherty, who .'\ epqke of the many years during which he had - known and' respected Clieirgueat, and in doing . so be. felt that he only gave- utterance to the sentiments of his fellow citizens. Mr. Bawlins, who was, Bousibly affected, rotumod thanks in a few well-chosen words. : ? ' .' Queensland Theatbk. — On the principle of giving his. patrons frequent change of uiuuse- ;? ment, (a new piece to-night takes the place of the oharming liltlo ooimiily, ' Who killed Cook Eobin ?' whioh wu» tho Unit piece last evening, and whioh, from its very happy quality of juat --\ hitting what may bn'tormed the higher popular Jv taste, will probably bo, soon ropeated. The 'vy' burloBque, 'Tho Field of tho Cloth of Gold,'# '.? . continues to hold its own in unexampled fashion. Mr. TJoop'old's share of this perfor mance snuut be seen to have its quality undo stood. No description will do it Justine. Undbb the Weatheu. — When a man feels ;?' languid, depressed, debilitatod, and indisposed ' to exertion, mental or bodily, ho tells ub he is ' out of sorts,' or ' under tho weather.' Per- ? ? ' — Bono in tlijs condition need oheering and '' strengthening. Exhausted nature signifies, by these symptoms that She necdB aid and succour. '.; Thon iB the time to resort to Udootho Wolfe s Schiedam Ab'omatio Schnapps. The effect produced by this wonderful stimulant ondtoriirf in suoh oases is almost electrio.' Strength,, , j »-,-', energy, and cheerfulness 'return and remain, for , ',: ',' % there is no reaotioni '!,':'- '?''??' ' -.'.',/ j.^ -,..,. ;.'. 'i-iji ''? Tiak Bbed&b; Banqukt at tjik Tkvpkii An6e Bum.— We are requested to sltate that, the arrangements for this banquet were made ' by a committee consisting of representatives of . every lodge in tho oity, convened b*y tho sooro tary on the nomination of the G.W.C.T. CBloiliT. — The cricket match between the Government Printing Offide and Milton . Cricket Olub, will be resumed on Saturday afternoon next, on tho Paddinglon groiiud, Petr\o Terrace. WioketB to . bo pitched at 2 b'olock ' sharp. The gamo bo far as played stands thus : — Government Printing Office, 1st innings, 68 ; Miltons, 1st innings, 69. The Cahandini Conceets.— It is to be regretted that there was not a hotter attendance ot the Town Hall, laBt evening, but many caUBeB, quite outside the claims of the artistes, com bine to render their concerts not so attractive as they deserve to . ba ,- notably, amongst other teasotlB, the numerous amusements which have laVely.been enjoyed by tho Brisbane folk, and the general dislike to the Town Hall. Ab regards the performance last night, in which all did their best', it is almost invidioUB to, compare- the so'veral individual piecosi but.it would not be just to pass over in silenoe Misb Lizzie Carandini'B exquisitely pathetic rondering. of ? Meyerbeer's 'song, and also tho over pleasing '? Exile,' which, if tho words could have been bettor hoard— a want for wliich tho hall and not' the lady is responsible— would havo been perfec tion. This young lady's singing gives more tho impression of carofulness and study than that of any other member of tho company. Sho haB not fallon into tho disagreeablo habit of making her mezzo-soprano register appear contralto by ; a discordant foroing of her low notes ; alto quality -of voice is not to be acquired, it may become soprano at the expense of quality, but eoprano never becomes alto. Miss Eannie's re fined and expressive singing of ' Take me to thy heart again' was , very pleaBing. To most people the gem of tho concert would be tho ever lovely duet, ' Sainted Mother,' beautifully sung by Madame and ? Miss Fannio Carandini, both . ladies displaying a power of sostermto quite ? artistic. Mr. Cotterill is an exceedingly clever mimic, and adds much to the evening's pleasure. SoHOOi 01 Arts. — An expert who can boaBt to have had the following criticism published about' him must be worth a visit. The times says -. — ' There is a refreshing novelty,- an oasy \- assumption of simplicity about Professor Haselmayer's featB. He seems to have taken ' Jrs est cefare Artem' as his motto, and to have carefully avoided all elaborateness, without at the same time eliminating the more 'striking situations' . of each successive coup. We can watch him with a thorough belief in his powers, and with a feeling that if he were to attempt to ohange the great chandelier overhead into a shower of meteors, a wave of his wand would be -sufficient ' to enforce obedience, while we ?hould calmly regard the feat aa an additional item in the programme, and with' a perfeot BBSurance that' all things would resume their . normal condition in the space of a few minutes. This is tne true secret of nineteenth century inagio. One must have an unlimited confidence in the performer. The slightest bunglo and the illusion is gone for ever. Now, with Pro fessor Haselmayer, it is essentially the case that neatness and finish characterise everything he does. ? The Tesnlt is perfect satisfaction on the. part of his audiences.' An Ibish RoyAl Duke.— With extreme plea sure I read tho telegram announcing that Prince Arthnr has been created Duke of Connaught. This is alike fairand wise. Why should Scot land have a .royal duke named after her capital, and Ireland be unacknowledged in the same way? Though tardy, the uct is tacticul and praciouB j and, in a royal direction, ' juBtice to Ireland ' has been done. The ohoice, too, is most appropriate ; for the Prince, now Duke of Connaught, is named aflor Arthur, Duke of Wellington, and looked upon as partly Irish already. A -prudent policy would suggest his reBidence in that country ; and this is not at all improbable. — Correspondent of S. Mail. A Missionary Volcano.— Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina, is doing rois sionary work in its neighbourhood. The American. rival of Vesuvius, as it is already named, has been ' interviewed,' and the result communicated to the world. Tho shocks, described by the correspondent of the New York Herald, as 'commencing with a noise liko tfiat of a Bmothered blast, and followed by t a low rumbling sound,' are produoing a most \- profound effect upon tho inhabitants of the district. At a farmhouse where the, writer hailed during hiB ascent of tho mountain, ho found a crowd of terror-stricken people. One of these, who owed fifty dollars, offered to Bell his two cows and a horse for that amount, ' beoauBo ho did not want to go out of the world owing a cent to any man.' And his feelings are shared by the whole population. Prayer meetings are held, at whioh the most extraordi nary .conversions nre.mdde. Those at ' Elliott's houso, at the base of Stone Mountain,' are doscribed as of a most enthusiastic nature. During their continuance, on the fifth davi a sin gular scene ocourred-. 'AperfoctRipvan Winklo appeared in the person of Major Bendo, an illioit distiller.' The mnjor, 'who carried on Iub sinful traffio iu tho very bowels of the mountain, and waB seldom Been by humans,' appeared as pale as a ghost, and exclaimed, ' It's coming and thar ain't no use a talltin'. Ef you had be'n shuk as bad as I you wouldn't be a wautin' nothin' but religion.' Tho old man thon told how the rumbliug noises determined him to come down the mountain, mend hi* ways, and quit distilling. ThinkinE; the world was coming to an end, all he wanted waB ' a revonue officer lo wh.6m ho could confess his transgressions against the Government.' But tho revenue ?officers had fled tlio nipht before from the Bame cause. They bad attended the meotihg, during wbioh ' the severe ehockB so frightened them' ; that they ordered their horses and ' put off iri a hurry.' A negro preacher has improved the occasion and made numerous conversions. The only fear is that when danger disappears tho converts will return to their old ways. The Baiancr of Evidence.— Few stories ro latmg to'witnejsei uro m«ro laughable than that which dosoribes the mathomutical. procees by \- which Mr. Baron Parrot arrived at the value of certain conflicting evidence. 'Gontlomon of the jury, thiu jpdge is represented to havo said in, summing up the evidence in a trial whore the witnesses had sworn with noblo tonaoity of purpose, ' there are fifteen, witnesses who swear that the water-course used to flow in a ditoh on the north side of tho hedge. , -On .the other hand, gentlemen, there aro nine witnesses who swear that the water-course used to flow on tho south sido of tho hedge. Now,' gentlemen, if you subtraot nine from fifteen thoro remain six witnesses wholly uncontradiotod ; and I roebm mond you to give your verdict for the partv who called thoBo six witnesses.' Cbkmation. — Concluding an nrliolo on ere mation, the Qoulburn Advertiser oa.vB that a v. com'pauy i» in oourBo of formation at Na(.iimbie . for the purchase of ground for a cemetery, in wh\oh- one leading feature will be a provision . for the burning of tho bodies of deoeased eraons.- 1 