A WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. An American' inventor, Mr. John W. Eeeley, asserts that he has disco vered a new motive power which is. destined to supersede steam. This dis covery is a method whereby water is transformed by a mechanical process to vapor, without the application of heat, and yet transformation results in the production of a motor far more power ful than steam. This discovery is the sequel of 25 years of experiment on the part of the inventor. Before he was 20 years old Mr. Keeley was at work on a model water-wheel, and at that time the idea occurred to him that an engine might be constructed which should be driven partly by water and partly by atmospheric pressure, which sbould be as powerful as a steam engine and infinitely less expensive. After many experiments Le succeeded in making an engine whose motive power was compressed air on one side, and a vacuum on the other, while water was the agent holding the vacuum in suspension. This was in his opinion a vast improvement on the steam engine; but the inventor saw by the working of his model where he could better it by simplifying it. This he proceeded to do, and he now has a ] motor which is merely a cold vapor! produced from water by mechanical j means, yet so powerful that it can pro-| duce a pressure of ten thousand pounds to the square inch ; in fact, the tre mendous results of this process quite astounded its discoverer. It is also a peculiarity of this vapor that it can be used at any rate of pressure desired, from ten pounds to thousands of pounds to the square inch; it can also be generated and preserved in receiving vessels for an indefinite length of time without losing; its force. Mr. Keeley has proved this by repeated experi ments, sometimes keeping the vapora fortnight without appreciable loss of power. • w nen the discovery was nrst brought to the notice of prominent scientists, the simplicity of the inven tion made it'seem impossible to flhem ; they saw the results, but could not be lieve the evidence of their own senses. They suspected the presence of electric, magnetic, chemical, or other known agencies, when they witnessed the marvellous operation of the machine, but the closest investigation by experts convinced them that Mr. Keeley's as sertion was true that a mechanical pro cess alone regenerated this strange motive power which whs at once so simple and so tremendous. There is no doubt if Mr. Keel's process proves to be all that it now promises to be, that steam is destined to be superseded entirely by this new motor. An entire revolution in steamships, railway en gines, horse cars, and in fact in every department of mechanical operations, will be effected, and that speedily. This process is simple and inexpensive, and its working models are so marvel | lous in their operations, that not only many scientists but capitalists also have become converts to the new motive power. Already stock companies have been formed which have purchased the right to use this new and strange motor in various States, New York and the New England States among them. This is an era of scientific progress, and a motive power which shall super sede steam is no stranger ^discovery than the electic telegraph, or the use of steam itself. It was one of Pro fessor Faraday's savings that " a grain of water contains electrical relations equivalent to a very powerful flash of lightning.'' If Mr. Keeley has learned the art of extracting these electrical forces from their watery hiding place, and forced them to do his bidding, he has only wrested one more of Nature's closely hidden secrets from her jealous keeping, and in tbis-evidenee of supre macy over the material world, he has given another proof that it is not alto gether an idle boast that man is the lord of creation. A letter from Rev. Joseph Dare, un dated, appears in the Wesleyan Chronicle, giving an account of his voyage from Sydney, and touching- at the Fiji group, in a footnote the editor says :—" Mr. Dare preached in San Francisco, and created quite a sensation by his sermon. Some sta}' was made in Utah among- the Mor mons. He visited Baltimore (where he was the guest of the Rev. T. Guard, D.D.), Chicago, ftew York, and rations other cities and towns of in terest. At Troy he was present at the national camp meeting at Bound £iake. His sprmon before this great iletho dist gathering is thus reported in the Troy Whig :—' The eventof the meet ing was an exceedingly masterly ser mon by the lfev. Dr. Dare, of Mel bourne, Australia. The text was from Matt, xxviii., 19—The Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. The first half of the discourse was eiplanatorj* of the doctrine of the Trinity. It was a wonderful sermon.' " Do but-* ever fly in the daytime ?" asked a teacher of his chvs in natural history. " Yes. Sir,*' said the boys, confidently. " What kind of bats.?"', exclaimed the asto nished teacher. " JJrickbats!" veiled the triumphant boys, - A Matter of Up-ixiox!—An onion discovered in an urn buried at St. Astier in the time of St. Louis has been planted and ingrowing into a healthy plank This onion will bring tears into the eyes of the Society of Antiquaries. This is ridiculous. iNo one will believe it. And yet en exchange vouches for its truth. It jf^fs:—" \Ve lijiow a young lady who blushes, goe^'to hed «t nine, eats lieartly, speaks plain Eng'ish, respects her mother, doesn,t want to marry a lord, and knows how to cook."' 