THOUGHTS ON CHRISTIANITY". I L (CONTINUED.) WHO WAS JESUS cnmsT ? DY KORMAN MACLEOD, D-D. Could Paul, I ask, have written in such language as this, or anything approaching to this, unless lie believed Christ to have been divine, in the fullest sense of that word f But believing this with all his heart, his whole life and preaching were consistent with such a belief. Ho preached Jesus as the Person whom all men were to love and obey as God, contide and rejoice in as in God, and to whom they were to commit themselves, both soul and body, for time and eternity, as to God. What lie wished others to do, he liimself did. For what was the source and strength of his life? "The life I live iu the flesh, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." " 1 live ; yet not I, OJirist lives iu mo." -'I can do all things tlirough Christ that strengthened me." What was the one object of his holy ambition ? 44 That I may win Clirist." What was liis' heaven? "To be with Christ." And after thirty years passed in His service, and after ]laving endured such sufferings as never fell to the lot of one man, so far from uttering the language of disappointment or regret, as of one whose early convictions had not stood the test of experience, but irnd failed to sustain him when most needed, he thus writes, with calm confidence and pcrfect peace, in his old age, and from a prison, to his dear friend and follower Timot hy:— " For the which cause I also suffer these things : nevertheless I am not ashamed; for I know whom I liave believed, and am persuaded that he is aide to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day," *• Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus. And the things tliat thou liast heard of me among many witr nesseg, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also. Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Clirist." "But watch thou in all things, ondure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry. For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand, 1 have fought a good fight, I liave finished mv course, I have kept the faith: henceforth there is laid up for me u crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give me at that day; and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing." " At my first answer uo man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I. pray God that it may not be laid to their charge. Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: amd I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion. And the Lord shall deliver me from tvery evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom : to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen," (2 Tim. i. 12, ii. 1-3, iv. 5-8, 16-18.) Was that man an idolator and blasphemer,— the dupe of his own fancy,—deceived in his faith and hopes,—or was he the ignorant deceiver of others ? Moreover, let it be remembered tliat with this mighty truth, as with a hammer, Paul went forth to destroy the idolatries of the world, and gave them such blows, that in Europe they finally tottered and fell But did he then only substitute one idolatry for another?—did he preach to Greece and Rome love and obedience to a man, a better man, possibly, tlian any of the persons whom they worshipped, but still a mere creature like themselves I Hear Paul's memorable and glorious words to the Athenians, and believe this if you ran :— " Then Paul stood in the midst of Marsliill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all tilings ye are too superstitious. For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOIX Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you. God, that made the world, and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands; neither is worshipped with men's iiands, as though he needed anything, seeing he givcth to all life, and breath, and all tilings ; and hath made of'one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and liatli determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation; that they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after liim, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us : for in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we arc also his offspring. Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device. And at the times of this ignorance God wiaked fit; but now commandeth all men everywhere to repent: because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof ho hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead," (Acts xvii 22-31.) If from Paul we turn to the other apostles, we shall recognise in them the same convictions regarding the person of Josus. Let us hear, for example, some of the declarations of the apostle John:— " In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word teas God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by hm ; and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life ; and the life was the light of men. And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not. There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, tliat all men through him might believe. He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light That was the true Light, which lighteth every man (hat comet !< in to the world. 11c was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew liim not. He came unto his own, and his own received him uot But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name: which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth," (Jolin i. 1-14.) "But these are written, that ye might believe tliat Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name," (John xx. 31.) "And we know that the Sou of God is come, and liath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true: and we are in him that is true, even in his Won Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life," (1 John v. 20.) " Jesus Clu ist, who is the faithful Witness, and the fust- begotten of the dead, and the Prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, and hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen. Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall sec him, and they also which pierced him : and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of liim. Even so, Amen. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saitli the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty." "I was iu the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind mc a great voice, as of a trumpet, saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the hist." " And I turnodto see the voice tliat spake with me. And, being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; and in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes wore as a flame of lire ; and his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters. And he had in his right hand seven stare; and out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword; and his countenance was as the sun shinetli in his strength. And when I saw liim, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right liand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the Inst; I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the toys of hell and death," (Rev. i. 5-8, 10, 12-18.) Could John have written such things of a mere man ? Could a pious Jew have done so without conscious blasphemy? It is in vain to reply that I have quoted much of this from a vision. But would he have dared to record such a vision, unless he believed Jesus to have been Divine? I am compelled, therefore, to admit that the apostles believed Jesus of Nazareth to have been a Divine Person, I am not asserting, at present, that what they believed was true in feet, but only that they in fact believed this to be true. And here I might inquire, whether there was anything in their personal knowledge of Christ which could have suggested such a thought to those men. We liave seen that the grand lesson of their education as Jews was, " Hear, 0 Israel: the Lord our God is one Lord; and thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy might." Whatever other faith or worship did not harmonise with this was deadly idolatry. It is true that, with the exception of Paul, all the apostles had seen Jesus in the flesh, and John specially pleads for His humanity, and presses it home with every form of expression. "That," says he, " which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life." But if*we lay asido all supernatural and miraculous evidences of our Lord's person, what was there in His life which could have produced this impression, or awakened this strange conviction of His divinity? Not surely His lowly birth, nor the long years in which He was known only as the carpenter's eon; not the sorrow and grief with which Ha was familiar, or the real though sinless infirmities to which He was subject; not the reception He met with from His countrymen, or the death by which His short earthly career was ended! What was there in an earthly life so intensely human, to convince such true, thoughtful, godly men as the apostles that this man was one with the Holy One of Israel, the Almighty Creator of the heavens and the earth ? Yet such was the conviction of John, who leant upon His bosom at the Last Supper, watched Him in Gethsemane, beheld Him in the judgment-hall, and stood by Him at the cross! Such was the faith of Paul also who never saw Him in the flesh, or ever heard His voice while He tabernacled among men. If, however, the alleged supernatural facts in the Bible are true,—including the gift of the Spirit who was to "glorify" Jesus,—we can easily account for those convictions, but not otherwise. And let mc here notice in passing, how beautifully harmonious the facts of this Person's life were as a man, yet also as " Emmanuel, God with us!" These, when "called to remembrance," were such as must liave confirmed and established the faith of the apostles. If there were evidences of a humility belonging to Him as the Sou of man, there were equal evidences of a dignity which belonged to Him as the Son of God. He was born of the Virgin Mary, yet by Divine power. "The Holy Ghost," said the angel Gabriel to Hia mother, " shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God." He was brought forth iu a stable, and iaid in a manger, but wise men from the East, guided by a star, came to worship Him, and to present Him with kingly offerings, while the hosts of heaven announced His birth with songs of rejoicing. He was baptized of John, yet a oice from heaven said, " This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." During His life, while He submitted to every trial and temptation to which humanity was liable, that in all things He might be like His brethren," yet never was evidence wanting of a dignity and glory which were divine. He was hungry, but fed thousands: wearied and asleep amidst the storm, but He rebuked the winds and waves, so that there was a great calm; He was tempted of the devil for forty days, but Satan did homage to His dignity, by offering Him as a bribe the kingdoms of the world, while His grandeur was revealed in the commaud, " Get thee behind me, Satan." He was so poor that pious women ministered to Him of their substance, and so sorrowful that He often wept; yet He dried the tears of thousands, healed all who came to Him of every disease, and by a word of power raised the dead, from their bed, from their bier, and even when corruption had begun to do its loathsome work. He had His days of darkness, when He could say, " Now is my soul troubled ;" yet a voice from heaven even then witnessed to His glory. He washed the feet of His disciples, yet it was at the very moment when, " knowing that God had given all things into his hands, that he came from God, and went to God." He died and was buried, but though, during all the hours which marked that saddest of all tragedies, there were signs of human woe and weakness, as if " Himself He could not save," yet what signs of dignity and superhuman majesty I For He was addressed on the cross as a King by a dying criminal, and as a King He promised to save him: while the darkened sky, the rending rocks, and all the august circumstances which attended His humiliation, proclaimed, with the centurion, " Truly this was the Son of God !" He lay in the grave, and His body received the tears and affectionate ministrations of attached friends; but an angel descended and rolled away the stone; the Soman guard became as dead men; " the Lord was risen indeed!" and He appeared to His disciples, and so overcame the unbelief of Thomas by His very presence, bearing the marks of his human sufferings, tliat the doubter fell down and "worshipped Him," saying, "My Lord, and my God !" Jesus remained on earth for forty days, and we 6tUl "behold the man." He conversed familiarly with His apostles, ate and drank with them, and instructed them in things pertaining to His kingdom: but He ascended to heaven before their eyes, while angels announced His second coming; and soon the descent of the Holy Ghost, with the great ingathering to the Church which followed, testified to the truth of the apostolic preaching, that Jesus was the Son of God, and that all power was given to Him in heaven and on earth! Now, in all this eventful history, there w\ ^ that very combination of earth and heaven, oi!r the human and superhuman, which receivodV an interpretation from the fact only of Christ's divine and human nature, and which, along] with Christ's own words, and the teaching QFI His Spirit, made the apoBtles accept the doc-f trine with profound conviction and deep joj although, without some such overwheffiHE evidence, the very thought must have been to them a blasphemous idolatry. They believed, because they had sufficient grounds, from facts, for their belief. We cannot, therefore, think that those who rejected the claims of Jesus, and executed Him as a blasphemer, were right, and that the apostles, who acknowledged Him as one with God, were wrong, or that their faith will em bo put to shame 1 We have thus considered the Person of Jesus in the light of His own teaching, as that too was understood at the time, both by enemies and friends, and also in the light of the faith and teaching of His apostles. 4\. But there is yet another aspect in which we may view this question—viz., the faith and views of the Christian Church, As to the faith of the Church, using that word as expressing its creed, it is historically certain that since the days of the apostles till the present time, this doctrine has formed a sine qua non of the creed of the whole Church, whether called R Catholic, Protestant, Greek, Armenian, Nestorian, &c.;—of every branch, in short, with the exception of the Unitarians. Amidst all differences, the millions ot professing Christians have agreed from age to age in this article. No theological strifes or angry passions, no dissents or reformations, have disturbed this truth as the foundation-stone of the Temple. Now, if Christ is not a divine person, it follows that the Christian Church is one huge institution of idolatry. We do not, observe, attempt as Christians to conceal our faith in Christ's divinity, or to modify it, as to escape, if possible, such an imputation. We necessarily accept this conclusion, unless our faith is grounded on fact. We boldly declare tliat we believe in Jesus of Nazareth; love Him, trust Him, obey Him, as we do God Almighty, and with the same degree of faith and reverence. In the one name of the Father, Sou, and Spirit, we have been baptized, and that name Ave honor as One, ascribing equal glory to each Person in the Godhead. Such a creed as this may startle some and offend others, but it is nevertheless the creed which is and has been the faith of universal Christendom, which millions with ourselves believe unhesitatingly, and confess as boldly as they do their faith in the being of God. Now what we assert is, that if Jesus was a mere man, or was not " God manifest in the flesh," we and all Christians so believing are idolaters in the strictest sense of that word. Our churches are idol temples where a dead man is worshipped; our ministers idol priests, who ever preach and commemorate this man, pray to him, sing praises to him, and consecrate generation after generation to his scrvicc ; our people commit their souls and bodies to the keeping of this man for time and eternity, and all their hopes are inseparably connected with Him as their Lord;—while amidst this universal defection of the human race, this wide-spread idolatry which has taken possession of the most cultivated and intellectual nations, and threatens to overrun the world and absorb all other idolatries into itself there appears but a trifliitf number who maintain the pure light of theisiS, and preserve the truth of God unsullied for the coming, and it is to be hoped, therefore, for better, ages of the world. And who are these? Jews, Deists, and Unitarians. On these depend the world's hopes of its ever becoming regenerated by a theology of truth regarding God. Now, does it seem probable, we ask, under the Government of God, that these liave discovered the truth on such a fundamental feet in religion, while universal Christendom for eighteen centuries has believed a lie ?—and eucli a lie 1 As a question of probability, what weight can we attach to this testimony, balanced not against numbers merely, but numbers along with the intellect, culture, and character of those who have believed in, derived their soul's good from, and perilled their soul's existence upon, Christ's divinity ?* Consider also, as I have suggested, the effect produced by such a faith when real upon the religious ideas regarding God of all who really hold it. On the supposition, for example, that the Christian's faith in Jesus is ' vain—that he is worshipping, loving, serving a creature, or a mere creation of his own mind, instead of the only living and true God,— how can we account for the actual results of a LSO upon Bi ideas wgaudiugGodi It is not denied that a vast body of men and women in every age have had sincere %th in Jesus as God, and loved Him with tair whole soul. Now, what effect lias such upon their views of God, and their feelpwards the Supreme Creator and Up- „ i of all things whom " pure Theiste" profess alone to worship f Has this faith in Jesus as divine had the effect of producing false impressions of God on the Christian's heart; of exciting low and degrading views of His being and attributes, lowering as it were the Majesty of the heavens from His throne bringing Him to the level of our everv- dav humanity, and presenting Him to the mind and imagination iu an aspect which inspires no reverence ? Or lias it not had the very opposite effect, and tliat, too, just in proportion as the worshipper has apprehended the oneness w His divine nature, of the Son with the Father? Has not God, then, appeared more glorious aud majestic tlian ever; His throne more elevated above every other throne j His glory more visible in heaven aud earth ? Can any Jew, we ask, however devout, appreciate more fUlly than a Christian the Old Testament descriptions of the unity and perfections of Jehovah, or prostrate himself with a more simple, undivided, and confiding heart before the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob ? Can the synagogue sing David's psalms with more truth than the church! or does Unitarianism withdraw any veil which conceals the perfec- tions of God as Creator, Ruler, or Father, from the eyes of him who has intense and undying faith in Jeans as the Eternal Son? Oh! where on earth can we find more exalted and pure thoughts of the one living and true God, as revealed in nature and in the Old Testament, profounder admiration of His character, or deeper reverence for His will, than among Christians who love and honor the Son even as they love and honor the Father ? But how is tliis to be accounted for if they believe a lie ? How lias an idolatry, _ baseless and profane hero-worship, had this remarkable moral power of producing such true and spiritual views of Ck>d, as all men must admit to be most worthy? and producing, too, we dare to add, such strong faith aud affectionate reverence towards this God, as exist iu no other human bosoms? Is it possible that the true God can be thus apprehended and loved tlirougli a medium so false as idolatry? On the supposition, however, but on no other, that Jesus is really one with God, the knowledge and love of the Son must necessarily lead to this veiy knowledge and love of the Father. "Ho tliat seeth me, seeth the Father also." " If ye had known me, ye should liave known my Father also." " Ye believe in God, believe also in me." 5\. Consider again the Person of Christ, not only in the light of Christian character gener ally, but with the addition of Christian knowledge as to its cause. It will surely be admitted tliat, to whatever extent the term Christian has been misapplied as indicatingcharacter, and in however many cases it has been nnworthiiy or only formally assumed, yet it includes within its widest embrace the best men and women this earth possesses, or has ever possessed. There is a certain kind of character which all men whose moral sense is not blunted recognise as the culminating V>oint and perfection of humanity. They may ig&ot; themselves attempt to realise it, or they Jnay deem it unattainable, but nevertheless the • ilea of what constitutes a good or perfect man •-j no sooner presented to their minds than conscience accepts it as that which ought to be. Now, it is admitted even by the atheist that such an idea is embodied in the historical character of Jesus Christ, and in the life, consequently, of every man just in proportion as he possesses His Spirit, obeys His precepts, and walks in His steps. But there are, and have been in every age, persons who have done this, if not in a perfect, yet in a more perfect degree tlian by any others among mankind. Or supposing it were admitted, for the sake of argument, that so far as we liad the means of judging, there has occasionally appeared, without faith in Christ, a certain product of character, apparently as pure, lofty, self-denying, loving, and devoted to God as any which ever professed to owe its origin to Jesus Christ; yet, where has there been on . earth such, a body of living persons as those (s Christians who, within the bosom of the universal Church, during eighteen centuries, have manifested tliat kind of character which all men profess to admire and reverence? Iu vain one tries to conceive the flowers of moral beauty and glory that have sprung up within the garden of Christendom ! Being rooted in the earth, they may have been soiled, indeed, by its dust, but they yet expanded in loveliness to the sky, and sent forth a fragrance to the air, peculiar to the plants raised by the Great Husbandman. Number, if you can, the saints of the Christian Church; the young and. old, the poor and rich, who in every age and clime have been trathfiil, simple, sincere, I patient, forgiving, and compassionate j who have eiyoyod an inward life of peace with God, maintained an outward conduct, and possessed a reality of abiding love to their father in heaven aud to their brethren on earth peculiar to themselves. Their lives have been a blessing to the world, and a happiness to their own hearts; their deathbed has been freed from tho fears of a dark future, and brightened by tho pure prospect of continued hfc and joy. The Christian Church, and the Christian Church alone, contains such characters ; and these are the lights of our homes, the salt of the earth, and the only security of tho world's progress. Now, to what is this great result owing? How is this product of diameter, which is affecting tho world's liistoiy, aud gradually leavening the whole lump of humanity, to be accounted for? What power has originated it, or by what has it been sustained? Who are more entitled to give a reply to such questions than Christians themselves ? They alone can know by what motives they have been actuated, by what strength supported, and by what hopes animatod. Ask them, then, and what will be their reply? Each and all will but echo the words of Paul, as expressing the secret of their life : ' I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me; aud the life I live in the flesh I live through faith in the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." " The love of Christ constraineth us." " I thank Christ Jesus, our Lord, who hath enabled me." " The Lord stood with me, and strengthened me." " The Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and preserve me uuto liis heavenly kingdom, to whom be glory for ever!" "I can do all things through Clirist, which strengthened me." Tliis is the experience of the living Church of Christ, of all lauds, and of all time,—the creed of each genuine believer! of the early martyr and medueval saint; of the pious Protestant and Catholic; of the cultivated Christian philosopher and the lialf-taught Christian negro; of the youug man who has overcome the wicked one, aud of the old patriarch who departs in peace, because his eyes have seen salvation; of the Christian Greeulauder who died yesterday, and of the sweet Christian girl who died to-day, leaving the bosom of her mother for the bosom of her God ; of each aud all the ten thousand times ten thousand who have so lived and died, with one conviction of truth the strongest in their minds, that whatever strength, peace, or good they possess as true life, they owe all to the One source of life,— the Lord Jesus Christ> What aie we to con- clude from these unparalleled facts, which can no more be denied than the realities of human history or of human experience? Have all Christians been deceived? Have they been believing a lie, aud has this great life of life in them been sustained by a delusion ? Is there no such person as Jesus Christ, the Lord of life, the living Saviour of sinners? Is this not a fact but a fiction? Can it be tliat the moral government of God exists, and yet that it admits of such a moral anomaly as tliis,— the regeneration of human character by a falsehood ! Impossible! I say it with deepest reverence,—as sure as there is a God of truth, impossible! The Christian Church has not been deceived. Unbelievers in Jesus have not liad the light of truth given them, while those who have loved and served Hiin have been permitted to walk in the darkness of intellectual untruth and in the vain belief of an idol I Jesus is Divine as well as human. l " He was, and is, and liveth for evermore!" o 