The Dream Woman.* A MYSTERY IN FOUR NARRATIVES. THE THIRD NARRATIVE. THE STORY CONTINUED BY PERCY FAIRBANK. CHAPTER XIV. BY WILKIE COLLINS. WE took leave of Francis Raven at the door of Farleigh Hall, with the understanding that he might expect to hear from us again. The same night Mrs. Fairbank and I had a discussion in the sanctuary of our own room. The topic was The Ostler's Story; and the question in dispute between us turned on the measure of charitable duty that we owed to the Ostler himself. The view I took of the man's narrative was of the purely matter-of-fact kind. Francis Raven had, in my opinion, brooded over the misty connection between his strange dream and his vile wife until his mind was in a state of partial delusion on that subject I was quite willing to help him with a trifle of money, and to recommend him to the kindness of my lawyer, if he was really in any danger and wanted advice. There my idea of my duty to wards this afflicted person began and ended. Confronted with this sensible view of the matter, Mrs. Fairbank'a romantic temperament rushed as usual into extremes. " I should no more think of losing Bight of Francis Raven when his next birthday comes round," says my wife, "than I should think of laying down a good Btory with the last chapters unread. lam positively determined, Percy, to take him back with tis, when we return io France, in the capacity of groom. What does one man more or less among the horses matter to people as rich as we are ?" In this strain the partner of my joys snd sorrows ran on ; perfectly impene trable to everything that I could say on the side of common sense. Need I tell my married brethren how it ended ! Of course I allowed my wife to irritate me, and spoke to her sharply. Of course my wife turned her face away indig nantly on the conjugal pillow, and burst into tears. Of course, upon that, " Mr." made his excuses, and "Mrs." had her own way. Before the week was out we rode over to Underbridge, and duly offered to Francis Raven a place in our service as supernumerary groom. At first the poor fellow seemed hardly able to realise his own extraordinary good fortune. Re covering himself, he expressed his gratitude modestly and becomingly. Mrs. Fairbanks ready sympathies overflowed as usual at her lipa. She talked to him about our home in France, as if the warn, gray.headed ostler had been a child. " Such a dear old house, Francis ; and such pretty gardens ! Stables ten times as big as your stables here ; quite a choice of rooms for you. Tou must learn the name of our house— it is called Maison Rouge. Our nearest town is Mete. We are within a walk of the beautiful river Moselle. And when we want a change we have only to take the railway to the frontier, and find ourselves in Germany." Listening, so far, with a very bewildered face, Francis rtarted and changed color when my wife reached the end of her last sentence. "Germany ?" he repeated. "Yes. Does Germany remind you of any thing ?" ' The ostler's eyes looked down sadly on the ground. " Germany remind* me of my wife," he replied. "Indeed? How!" " She once told me she had lived in Germany —long before I knew her—in the time when she was a young girL" " Was she living with relations or friends !" "She was living as governess in a foreign family." " In what part of Germany f" " I don't remember, ma'am. I doubt if she told me." " Did she tell you the name of the family!" " Yes, ma'am. It was a foreign nane, and it has slipped my memory long since. The head of the family was a wine-grower in a large way of business—l remember that" " Did you hear what sort of wine he grew ? There are wine-growers in our neighborhood. Was it Moselle wine!" " I couldn't say, ma'am. I doubt if I ever heard." There the conversation dropped. We engaged to communicate with Francis Raven before we left England, and took our leave. I had made my arrangement* to pay our round of visits to English friends, and return to Maison Rouge in the summer. On the eve of departure, certain difficulties in connection with the man agement of some landed property of mine in Ireland obliged us to alter our plans. Instead of getting back to our house in France in the summer, we only returned a week or two before Christmas. Francis Raven accompanied us, and was duly established, in the nominal capacity of stable-helper, among the servants at liaison Rouge. Before long some of the objections to taking him into our employment, which I had foreseen, and had vainly mentioned to my wife, forced themselves on our attention in no very agreeable form. Francis Raven failed (as I had feared he would) to get on smoothly with his fellow-ser vante. They were all French ; and not one of them understood English. Francis, on his side, was equally ignorant of French. His reserved manners, his melancholy temperament, his solitary ways—all told against him. Our ser vants called him " the English Bear." He grew widely known in the neighborhood under his nick-name. Quarrels took place, ending once or twice in blows. It became plain, even to Mrs. Fairbank herself, that some wise change must be made. While we were still considering what the change was to be, the unfortunate ostler was thrown on our hands, for some time to come, by an accident in the stables. Still pursued by his proverbial ill-luck, the poor wretch's leg was broken by a kick from a horse. He was attended to by our own surgeon, in his comfortable bedroom at the stables. As the date of his birthday drew near he was still con fined to his bed. Physically speaking, he was doing very well. Morally speaking, the surgeon was not satisfied. Francis Raven was suffering under some acknow ledged mental disturbance, which interfered seriously with his rest at night Hearing this, I thought it my duty to tell the medical atten dant what was preying on the patient's mind. As a practical man he shared my opinion that the ostler was in a state of delusion on the sub ject of bis Wife and his Dream. "Curable delusion, in my opinion," the surgeon added, " if the experiment could be fairly tried." " How can it be tried '." I asked. Instead of replying, tho surgeon put a question to me on his side. "Do you happen to know," he said, "that this year is Leap Year!" "Mrs. Fairbank reminded me of it yesterday," I answered. "Otherwise I might not have known it" " Do you think Francis Raven knows that this year is Leap Year?" (I began to see dimly what my friend was driving at) "It depends," I answered, "on whether he has got an English almanac. Suppose he has not got the almanac—what then ?" " In that case," pursued the Burgeon, "Francia Raven is innocent of all suspicion that there is a twenty-ninth day in February this year. As a necessary consequence—what, will he do? He will anticipate the appearance of the Woman with the Knife at 2 in the morning on the twenty-ninth of February, instead of the first of March. Let him suffer all su]>erßtitious terrors on the wrong day. Leave him on the day that is really his birthday to pass a perfectly quiet night, and to be as sound asleep as other people at 2in the morning. And then, when he wakes comfortably in time for bis breakfast, shame him out of his delusion by telling him the truth." I agreed to try the experiment. Leaving the surgeon to caution Mrs. Fairbank on the subject of Leap Year, I went to the stables to see Francis Raven. Chapteb XV. The poor fellow waa full of forebodiaga of the " Pabliahed by spedal untigwneut with the author. All right* re»er>od. fate in store for Win on the ominous first of March. He eagerly entreated me to order on* of the men-Bervants to Bit up with him on th* birthday morning. In granting his request, I aaked him to tell me on which day of the week his birthday felL He reckoned the days on his fingers ; and proved his innocence of all sus picion that it was Leap Year by fixing on the twenty-ninth of February, in the full persuasion that it was the first of March. Pledged to try the surgeon's experiment, I left his error uncor rected, of course. In so doing, I took my first step blindfold towards the last act iv the drama, of the Ostler's Dream. The next day brought with it a little domestic difficulty, which indirectly and strangely asso ciated itself with the coming end. My wife received a letter, inviting us to assist in celebrating the "Silver Wedding" of two worthy German neighbors of ours—Mr. and Mrs. Beldheimer. Mr. Beldheimer was a hum wine-grower on the, banks of the Moselle. His house was situated on the frontier line of Franoe and Germany ; and the distance from our nous* was sufficiently considerable to make it ueoessarj for us to sleep under our host's roof. Under these circumstances, if we accepted the invita tion, a comparison of dates showed that ws should be away from home on the morning of the first of March. Mrs. Fairbauk—holding to her absurd resolution to see with her own «ye» what might, or might not, happen to Frand» Raven on his birthday—flatly declined to lea** Maison Rouge. " It's easy to send au excuse," she said, in her off-hand manner. I failed, on my part, to see any easy way out of the difficulty. The celebration of a " Silver Wedding" in Germany is the celebration of twenty-five years of happy married life ; and the boat's claim upon the consideration of his friends on such an occasion is something in tlw nature of a Royal " command." After consider able discussion, finding my wife's obstinacy in vincible, and feeling that the absence of both of us from the festival would certainly offend our f rieudri, I left Mrs. Fairbank to mnke her excuses for herself ; and directed her to accept the ia vitation so far as I was concerned. In so doing, I took my second step, blindfold, towards the last act in the drama of the Ostler's Dream. A week elapsed; the last days of February were at hand. Another domestic difficulty happened ; and, again, this event also proved to be strangely associated with the coming end. My head groom at the stables was one Joseph Itigobert. He was an ill-conditioned fellow, in ordinately vain of his personal appearance, and by no means scrupulous in his conduct with women. His one virtue consisted in his fond ness for herses, and in the care he took of the. animals under his charge. In a word, he was too good a groom to be easily replaced, or h» would have quitted my service long since. On the occasion of which I am now writing he was reported to me by my steward as growing idle, and disorderly in his habits. The principal offence alleged against him was that he had bean seen that day in the city of Metz, in the com pany of a woman (supposed to be an English woman), whom he was entertaining at a tavern, when lie ought to have been on his way back to Maison Rouge. The man's defence was that " the lady" (as he called her) was an English stranger, unacquainted with the ways of ths place, and that he had only Bhowu her where ths could obtain some refreshment, at her own re quest. I administered the necessary reprimand —without troubling myself to further into the matter. In failing to do this I took my third step, blindfold, towards the last act in the drama of the Ostler's Dream. On the evening of the twenty-eighth I in formed the servants at the stables that on* of them must watch through the night by th* Englishman's bedside. Joseph Itigobert im mediately volunteered for the duty—as a m«*Tf. no doubt, of winning bis way back to my favor. 'I accepted bis proposal. That day the surgeon dined with us. Towards midnight he and I left the innoking-room, and repaired to Francis Raven's bedside. Rigobart was at his post—with no very agreeable cipws. sion on hu £aoe. The Frenchman and th* Englishman had evidently not got on well to gether, so far. Francis Raven lay helpless on his bed, waiting silently for 2 in the morning, and the Dream- Woman. " I have come, Francis, to bid you good-night*" I said cheerfully. " To-morrow morning I «h*n look in at breakfast time, before I leave "home on a journey." " Thank you for all your kindness, air. You will not see me alive to-morrow morning. Sha will find me this time. Mark my words-d» will find me this time." "My good fellow 1 she couldn't find yon fa England. How in the world is she to find too m France?" " It's borne on my mind, sir, that she wQI find me here. At 2in the morning on my birth* day I shall see her again, and see her for the last time." " Do you mean that she will kfll you!" " I mean that, sir. She will kill me—with the knife." "And with Rigobsrt in the room to protect you ?" "I am a doomed man. Fifty Bigobetta couldn't protect me." "And yet you wanted somebody to tit up with you?" " Mere weakness, air. I don't like to be left alone on my death-bed." I looked at the surgeon. If he had enoouramd me I should certainly, out of sheer compassion, have confessed to Francis Raven the trick that we were playing him. The surgeon held to his experiment; the surgeon's face plainly stid~ '* No." The next day (the twenty- ninth of February) was the day of the Silver Wedding. The first thing in the morning, I went to Francis Raven's room. Rigobert met me at the door. " How has he passed the night ?" I asked. " Saying his prayers and looking for ghosts," Rigobert answered. " A lunatic asylum is the only proper place for him." I approached the bedside. "Well, Francis, here you are, safe and sound, in spite of what you said to me last night." Hi* eyes rested on mine with a vacant, wonder ing look. " I don't understand it," he said. " Did you see anything of your wife whan th* clock struck 2?" "No, sir." " Did anything happen I" " Nothing happened, air." "Doesn't this satisfy you that you were wrong ?" His eyes still kept their vacant, wondering look. He only repeated the words he had spoken already : " I don't understand it." I made a last attempt to cheer him. "Come, come, Francis ! keep a good heart You will be out of bed in a fortnight." He shook hut head on the pillow. " Them's something wrong," he said. "I don't expect you to believe me, sir. I only say there* some thing wrong—and time will show it" I left the room. Half an hour later I started for Mr. Beldheimer's house, leaving the arrange ments for the morning of the first of March ia the hands of the doctor and my wife. The Dublin Nation (states that Sir Oitiq Duffy has gone to Aix-le-Baina, in Savoy, for to* benefit of his health, which, since his arrival in Europe, has greatly improved. The same journal states that Sir Gavan Duffy does not intend to return to Australia. Captukk ok a Slave Dhow.—Her Majesty's ship Vulture, Commander A. T. Brooke, was cruising off the northwest coast of Madagascar on the morning of the 11th of August, when » sail to the south-weat was reported by the mast head-nun. Chase was given, and nearly five hours afterwards the dhow was come up with and boarded. It was full of slaves, 41 men, 69 women, and 137 children. The slaves were suffering acutely from weakness and cramp, having had to remain in one position for a long time. Several of the children were unable to straighten their legs for three or four days after they were received on board. One woman was found buried up to her neck in damp sand at the bottom of the slave dhow, under the lower slave deck. The owners of the human cargo were thirty-five armed Arabs, and the captain determined to take them to Zanzibar and have them summarily dealt with. The Vulture sailed for the Seychelles after burning the dhow and picking up four boats that had been sent awaj cruising a few days previously. The passage was made in ten days, and during that time seven teen liberated slaves died of dysentery and ex treme debility. This is the largest capture which has been made for a very long time.—-• Times, September 21. 