GENERAL NEWS. A Sandhurst telegram m the Argus of Sept 3' dated on the previous day, reports that a man named William Stewart was killed this morning by a tree which he was grubbing falling on him. He was found by a swagman, who called assistance and bad him extricated He was then alive, but died on the road to the hospital, from which institution he had only been discharged a month ago, having been treated for a fractured leg. The Argus of Sept 3 says -A slight shock of an earthquake occurred on Sunday evening last, about one or two minutes past seven, accompanied by a noise like the roll of a heavy vehicle on a metalled road. It was felt in several places about Melbourne and Richmond, at Brighton, and in the Harkaway Ranges, near Berwick. Regarding this earthquake, a correspondent writes -"You notice that a slight shock of an earthquake occurred on Sunday night, a few minutes after seven o'clock, which was distinctly felt at M»lbourne, Richmond, and Brighton. I heard in West St Kilda the rumbling, and felt dis- tinctly the tremor, which had a sufficient strangeness about it to7 allow it to be distinguished, even on a week night, from that caused by a heavy vehicle passing over a metalled road. Were the sensitive instruments at the Observatory affected by it? From my experience I should imagine they should indicate a disturbance of this nature " The following incident (says the Gipps Land Times) supplies a proof of the destiuction which may be caused by owners of dogs allowing the latter to run at I irge in the vicinity of sheep -One morn- ing last week, Mr. M'Lacblan, of Grassdale, on going into one of his paddocks where a flock 01 sheep was grazing, discovered two large dogs amusing themselves by worrying some of the sheep, and, on examination, found that no fewer than forty-six of the latter had already been killed. Fortunately, Mr M'Lachlan knew the dogs, and went straight to their owners, who, with commendable promptitude, recognised their responsibility for the damage done by their dogs by at once agreeing to pay the full value of the sheep that had been worried, and, fur- thermore, to destroy the dogs in order to prevent the recurrence of similar losses in future. The above should act as a wholesome warning to many who allow their dogs to become a pertect scourge to sheepowners in various parts of the colony. The H. T. Mercury of August 28 says -Yester- day Mr C Jarman, of Murray- street, showed us several large gum leaves which he bad gathered off a sapling growing on Knocklofty. The largest leaf measured 15 inches in length, and 5J inches in breadth On Wednesday morning, says the Argus of Sept. 3, at half-cast 5 o'clock, one of the night sentries at the Pentridge Stockade discovered a large swag which had been flung over the wall during the night It contained tea, sugar, letters, newspapers, and a large quantity of tobacco, neatly made up in separate parcels, directed to the persons for whom they were intended It is stated to be the largest swag found in the prison for many y ears past. There must have been some difficulty in getting the swag over the wall, which is over 14ft. high. A case of setting a trap to catch a tbief came before the City Bench yesterday, says the Argus of Sept 5. Edward Hall, a boy, whs charged with stealing a parcel, value Is, from Cole's Book Arcade, Bourke street. It appeared that it was the custom in that place to wrap a brick carefully in brown paper, tie a string round it, and fasten the string to a bundle of books If a thiof, mistaking this brick for a valu- able book, took it away, the attached string would bung down the books, and attract attention. In the present instance the thief must have cut the string, as he was seen walking away with the brick, and was followed and cauche. The shopman said that the parcel was of no value except m so far as it pre- vented the loss of other articles which were of value. Inspector Sadleir said he did not think a person could be charged with stealing a thing which was of no value The Bench thought otherwise The pri- soner denied having cut the string attached to the parcel. He was sentenced to 14 days'imprisonment, with hard labour. The Queenslander oí September öremarks -If any proof of the vitality of the progress of the colony were required, the Registrar-General's office would afford it. At the present time the rush of business »resulting from quantities of lund changing hands, and being otherwise dealt with, is such that the officers of the department are, and have been for some time, working extra hours There is, we understand, no signs of any diminution, and at no period during the history of the colony has so much activity been ex- perienced. The Argus of Sept. 1 reports that a sailor of the ship Holmsdale was suddenly seized with giddiness when at work aloft yesterday morning. He was lowered to the deck by his comrades, and Mr Figg was sent for. The man grew worse, and died a few hours afterwards Tbe cause of death waa apoplexy. The deceased's name was John Mardbal!, and he was a native of England. A rather remarkable discovery has been made by a correspondent of the Warrnambool Examiner, who writes -"I was greatly surprised, as, in company with a friend, I was walking on the beach, on that part of the coast line between Warr- nambool and Belfast, known as Armstrong's Bay, to find hundreds of human bones lying about in all directions on tbe sand hummocks, a short dis- tance from the beach. The deposit of these bones was not confined to a small area, but extended along tbe coast for miles A great number of them were ly ing on the surface, exposed to the wind, sun, and rain, others were partially embedded, while hun- dreds of them could easily be unearthed by just merely .kicking aside the loose and yielding sand There they were-the bones of strong and evidently large-framed men, the bones of women, and the bones of small and delicately-formed children-from the youth to the smallest ' picaninny.'" A fire, which will occasion considerable injury to the cane crop, on Yatal* plantation, Albert River, owned by Mr Witty, broke out on Thursday last, reports the Queenslander of Sept 5. The fire com menced in a pile of dry trash, which was stacked in close proximity to the sugar null, and was occasioned, we believe, by the careless use of matches m the vicinity. The flames spread to the growing crop, most of which is ready for crushing, and there will probably be an exteiit of four oi five acres completely destroyed We understand that the fire is still smouldering The absence of rain, combined with the drying winds of the last few weeks, has made the season a most dangerous one for bush fires, and from various quarters of this and the surrounding districts we hear of them raging with great seventy. The Bishop of Bathurst (says the Times of Sept 5) has just returned from a visit to Forbes and Parkes In consequence of the flooded state of the coentry, adjacent to the Lachlan, his lordship ex- perienced considerable difficulty in accomplishing bia journey from Orange, and at one time h.s life stood in peni The gentleman who drove bun from Eugowra, was not very well acquainted with the road, and in passing through a lagoon about half-a mile wide-m which the water came up four inches over the bottom of the buggy-the track, which it was impossible to discern, was lost, and it became a mere matter of guess-work in finding the way. The horses had been turned, and the occupants of the buggy were actually driving towards the river, when their progress was fortunately arrested by a shepherd, who had himself been attracted to the place by the barking of a dog, and who plunged through the water on horseback to the assistance of the travellers The shepherd brought the Bishop and his companion to his hut, and here the party re- mained the whole of Wednesday night, though ow- ing to the rise of the flood before morning, they had well-nigh been forced to abandon their shelter, and seek refuge on a sandhill at some distance off. How- ever, the travellers managed to stay where they were all night, and reached Forbes m safety next day The object of the Bishop m proceeding there was to lay the foundation stone of St. John's Chnrcb , and this he did, although the ceremony had to be post- poned from ten a,m till half-past four in the after- noon* At a meeting of the Shire'Council of Corio, held in August, says the Argus of Sept. 3, it was reported that a number of cattle had been poisoned on the You Yangs farmers' commons, by a plant of which they had eaten. A specimen of the weed was uroduced, and it was resolved that it should be forwarded to B aron von Mueller, the Government botanist, to ascertain its name and properties. Tbe reply, which was read yesterday at Hie Shire council meeting, was to the effect tint the specimen belonged to a genus of plants long since ascertained to possess an acid poisonous sap, the name of the species sent him being Drosera peltata, and that all the plantB, of which there were nine within thecolony of Victoria, are known as " Sundew herb." He suggested, by way of effectual remedy, that the common should not be overstocked, and that the patches of land on which the noxious herb exists should be ploughed over, and sown with English grasses. Mr. A. B. Jones, of Nive Downs station, Charleville, is about (says the Dalby Herald) to devote his at- tention to the rearing of stud bulls, and has recently purchased from Mr. M'Connel, of Cressbrook, a mob of 230 choice animals, including eight first-class young bulls and bull calves, and twenty- five heifers and calves by celebrated sires. His bulls are two by British Statesmen, one'.by RoyalJDane, two by Royal Alfred, one by Athelstane, two by British Flag, and a fine white bull, Sir Fred Gwynne, by Hubbuck. The herd passed through Dalby during the week, under the charge of Mr. M'Phail. \- ...?',- ae I A letter, dated August 25, in the Kapunda Herali, says :-" Tlie old tale of another flood Is told by folks from the Upper Rivers, who sny thore is a deal of I snow this year where it has not been seen before. These never-ending floods now render the once valuable Murray Flats quite useless, and threaten to destroy all the beautiful timber, as a large numberof young trees can now be seen quite dead, and the very large ones dying. Grass is scarce, for want of more r&in.; Shearing has commenced at the North- west Bend, and is considered rather early and. dangerous, for should it become wet and cold, which is not unlikely, numbers would be lost. It is'said' that not a bale of wool will be brought down from - above Wentworth this year, as all is intended for Mel- bourne. This is a nut for Adelaide folks to crack - " Why is wool taken to Echuca ' up stream' as far sa Goolwa is down ! The lambing on some of the sta- tions is reported to be very good for paddock sheep; from 75 to 85 per cent," The & M. Herald states thit a little boy, seven ' years of age, named Thomas Rigby, while playing with a chaff-cutting machine, on Monday, at his father's house at the Glebe, had the tips of the fingers of his left hand cut off. He was taken to the In- firmary, where his wounds were dressed. The Adelaide Observer says that by a gale on ""'~ Friday night, August 21, the verandah in front of Mr. T. Bath's store, at Kooringa, was carried off the roof of hi j house and landed in the back yard. The posts, which had become rotten, accompanied the other parts of the structure. The Clare (South Australia) paper says:-"Wei bave before us an orange from Hill River gardens which nlmost baffles description. It is partly divided into six different parts, forming perfect oranges, but so diversified in shape as to make the whole peculi- arly attractive." The Queenslander of Sept 5. reports :-It has been generally known in Brisbane for some time past that Mr. J. Wallace Barnett was dangerously ill It was therefore with little surprise, though with real regret on the part of many, that tbe fact of his death on Thursday morning was learned. The deceased gentleman was a native of Carrickfergus, in the county of Antrim, Ireland, and has been a resident of this colony since 1863, during a greater portion of which time he held the position of American Consul. Mr. Barnett was known as an exceedingly energetic and shrewd man of business, and pushed his fortunes here successfully during seasons of the keenest competition. Those who knew him best and bad most intimate business relations with him, liked ' him best, and respected his integrity as much sa they admired his ability as a business man. As a mark of respect to his memory, the flags of the vessel in port and at several of the merchants' stores were hoisted half-mast high when the fact of his death became known. A remarkable instance of a man immediately before death having a presentiment of his fata - without any apparent reason occurred at the Bene- volent Asylum in Melbourne on Tuesday, sayB the Argus of September 4. An inmate named John Melrose, when speaking to the doctor, said, " I think I will go upstairs and lie down on my bed and die." He went up to his room, sat on the bed, and in a few moments fell back and died. He was seventy-four .. years old, and the cause of death was reported to be ..' old age and dysentery. A fatal accident happened yesterday (says the Argus of September 4), at the Queen's wharf. A sailor named Charles Watson, who was working on the steamer Rob Rny, fellinto the river, apparently in consequence of tnppiag when stepping from the vessel to the wharf. He sank immediately. A sailor jumped in, but was unable to recover the unfortunate man, who did not come to the surface again. The body was soon afterwards recovered by means of drags, and was conveyed to the morgue. The Shoalhaven News states that a few days ago, some workmen were îemoviug a portion ot Mr. David Berry's premises at Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting some improvements, and while in the act of lowering a wall-plate, they were somewhat startled* " by a shower of-loose sovereigns, which ÉanSe'doVh'* * furious and fast for some minutes. The sovereigns, which, we understand, are of all of the old-Euglah stamp, when picked" tip were found-to^'grelirty exceed one thousand in number ; and it is conjee^ tured that they must, years ago, have been pat ' ', in their late hiding place by one or other of the late _ members of Mr. Berry's family, and were probably ' '' forgotten. >? ? >i ' 1 A wily saurian of unusually large dimensions -ha* been for some time past haunting the river near the Bowen crossing, says the Mackay Met cury. As be had clearly decided on this spot as a desirable residence, and would probably soon begin to levy toll on the horses coming down to drink there, it was determined I first of all to capture him, and, after he -had made¿ sport for his enemies, to extinguish him altogether. After due deliberation an artful plan for circumvent- ing the gentle creature was bit upon, and duly put , into execution a few days ago. Creeping7 cautiously to the bank be was Been by his would-be captors basking peacefully in the sun, unconscious of his im- <° pending fate. But a charge of swan-shot, aimed skilfully at his eyes, had the desired effect. To retire in a manner more hasty than dignified to the depths of a neighbouring pool Was the work' of an mstant for the creature thus ruthlessly startled from his , ? peaceful slumbers. His enemies still pursued him, and commenced tickling him with a long pole ¡he' was so pleased at this thal he opened his mouth to have a good laugh, when an artfully prepared noosa was thrown over his jaw, and all banda, seizing the other end, persuaded him to come on shore. His , fdneral took place shortly after. From time to time we (Shoalhaven Nevis) have received startling intelligence from Bamarang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many people, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Wil- liams, who bas but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch- dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by an apparition. On Tuesday night Williama's family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking np and down the verandah with heavy-nailed boots. Tue dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and t it would seem also Baw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the in- truder, but finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all " locks, bolts, and bara," entered the house, and Williams then >. ' saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently iu the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr. -, , and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the b bed clothes off the bed, and lay down beside "" Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he put his hand out to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a cross-cut saw standing, which it sounded several times as if beat- ing time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time his ghost ship departed. Williams avers that he has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his - - location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers i ' to go and stop at his house and judge for themselves.^ ' Other persons, as we have betöre stated, baye re- ported to have seen similar ' apparitions in tbe locality, and one gentleman, weii-known in'this * - district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with,a_4 manila hat on,'dressed in moleskin trousers, "and"» blue guernsey shirt, carr} ing an axe over his shoulder, * enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was and what he, wanted, found thut the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago. A correspondent informs the Western Pott, Mudgee, that a machine has been made by Mr. W. T. Woolly, of Redbank, for Mr. Wm. Headford, Broombee Farm, that hueks and threshes corn ac the same time. It threshes perfectly clean, the husks and cobs passing out one way, and the corn another . -ready to be bagged. Mr. Readford worked aha thresher with a one horse power, timing it, and it threshed 50 bushels within the hour, only half fed. : With two horses it would thresh from 80 to 100 , bushels, in a perfect and clean manner, and without' breaking the gram. A threshing machine of this description is calculated to prove very valuable to farmers. During the last two or three days reports the Illawarra Mercury of Sept 8, unusually strong westerly winds have prevailed in this district almost without intermission, considerable, damage being ' done thereby in several places. In addition to casualties of a minor nature, that occurred in town in the courf e of Sunday and Sunday night, the upper part of a brick chimney in the west side of the ' Wesleyan parsonage was blown down on the roof of the house, occasioning Borne damage to the building, and no small alarm to the inmates. Fortu- ~* nately, however, the fallen mass of bricks did not break altogether through the roof, other- wise the result might have been very serious, ' At the convent, fronting the market-square, the whole of the balcony above the first storey, includ- ing the roof, was blown down, part of the displaced timber falling against the second storey windows ;,, and breaking the same. The danger and terror at- tending the circumstance must bave been consider-1 " able. There is no doubt damage to no small extent in the aggregate has been done throughout the dis- = trict by the same cause We have been credibly informed that buggies which were being driven along the road on Sunday were occasionally in con- siderable danger of being upset with their occupant* by gusts of the wind catchipg them sideways. The furious westerly wind by which the district lias been visited during the past few day's, has been the means of disclosing several very ghastly anfl painful sights at the cid Roman Catholic Curial Ground, near the Lagoon (says the Illawarra' Af«r- * ', cury of the 8th). The said graveyard being a sand- " bank on the eea-sbore, the late winds have blown the' - ' sand away in many parts to a depth of several feet," the result being that several coffins, with all that ; » now exists of the mortal remaius deposited within ' them, have been exposed to view. No less than nearly a dozen such remnants of coffins und hu- manity have been re-interred by the police during ? 4 the last day or two. In many instances only the forms of the coffins can be traced in the sand, butin every case the larger bones of the dead thus disen- ¡ } I tombed may be found in their respective positions. 4 I We visited the place yesterday, and found the sights I presented truly saddening. In addition to several I outlines of coffins, which were then clearly disoerni I ble in the sand, the upper portions of 'two small ' ' I coffins, in a tolerable state of preservation, were fully , ' I exposed to view. Altogether the scene was a solemn , J one, affording beholders at once occasion for dean -. reflection and regret. The value of the Imports entered at the Sydney , Customs during the week ending the 6th instant, » amounted to £216,958. The exports for the sam».' period were valued at ¿301,812. In the latter ara included copper, £1717; tin, £18,592; coals, £2740; <. com and gold, £206,525; preserved meat, £2723; tallow£8îl5 ; wool, £21,726 ; maize,£5769.-Herald, September 10. ?? ' ' ass r A blue-jacket's letter home from the Gold Coast contains the following :-" I saw Co- lonel Wood, who «as standing close by me blaz- ing away with a revolver, hit full in the chest. He staggered over a bit, and the doctor, who was himself in the thiok of the fire with the rest ' of us, wanted bim to go to tbe rear. Bat ' No,' says the colonel ; ' yon go and look after som« of the men, I'm all right,' and he kept bUïinjr ' away for half-an hour after. Then he had to)'' go, being soarcely able to stand At last wo drove them oat, and that night we damped ijj; Amoaful." 