UNDER THE VERANDAH. \-------------------X------------------- The merchants of Germany and Belgium are endeavoring to induce the squatters to ship their wool direct to Antwerp and Hamburg, instead of pouring every bale into London. They state that not only would more money be obtained in the con tinental ports, but that the expenses would be considerably less. I doubt the former, for although in exceptional instances a better price might be got in the smaller market, as a rule there is nothing like doing business at head-quarters. But there is no mistake about the charges. An account sales for 100 bales of greasy wool realising 13d. a pound . showed that the charges in Antwerp were £33 15s. 1d. less than would have been the case for a similar parcel in London. The British merchant must come down in his charges if he wishes to retain his trade, The pleasure of. Mr.. Parkes's triumphal: progress through . Riverina will be slightly dashed by two untoward events— the, weather, and the collapse of the San Fran-; cisco mail contract. The first was not the ' fault of the New. South Wales Premier, though, "while in the agonies' of sea-sickness, ; iie must have more than once wished .that ; Lis dominions were not quite so extensive; ' and-inaccessible. But the final breakdown 'of Hall must have been gall and wormwood, \- to Mr. Parkes,' for he cannot have forgotten -that.it.wus he, and neither Mr. Samuel nor: Mr.. Russell, who insisted that the: -contract should be made through Hall, i .and Hall alone, to the exclusion , of everybody else. But if Mr. Parkes does ' not enjoy himself in Riverina, it will not be the fault of the Riverines. At Moaimahe is to be welcomed by. tho free- selectors, and urged to, complete the bridge .across the Murray ; at Deniliquin lie is to / be dinnered and balled and pic-uiced j while at Hay a tailoring establishment is to be opened on the day of hi3 arrival. The com- plimeut would have been all tlio greater had the ucw 'emporium been a toy -shop. I have always been very proud of our Public Library, and indeed there are few institutions in any other city in the world i where so many facilities are given to the general public, and where a man may 'walk into a library without going through all sorts of troublesome formalities. But I was-sur- prised to find tho other day that there is no complete copy of the works of Sir Walter ' Scott; and that Thackeray is altogether iguored. j A now mode of effecting repairs and alterations has been introduced into Mel- . bourne lately. Instead of a huge hoard ing, which interferes with the traffic, , and drives half the people into the road, some \- enterprising builder lias hit upon a' plan by : which a good strong verandah is erected over -the pathway, and the building is carried on without any interference with the traffic. The new system may be seen in full opera tion at the English and Scottish Bauk in Elizabeth-street. Air acquaintance of mine, who is a little out at elbows at present, has had a sudden , windfall. A person who owed him money -has. suddenly, come into a fortune, and wishes, like an honorable man, tojlischargo bis obligations. He ha3 been hunting Impecunious ajl over town for tho last week. But his creditor will not be caught. '"My luck," says he, "is too bad for the news to be true : timco Dcuiaos, ct dona ferentes. He tells you that he lias money for hie ; I feel quite: sure that he wants to serve me with a writ." What a pity it is- that some men should be so suspicious. But my friend's eccentricity is nothingtothat of an told man living at Sutton Grange.. Feel ing that: he has not long to live, and being unwilling to employ a medical man, although in very easy circumstances, lie wrote a letter Teceutly to a physician at Castleinaino, ." asking for a certificate df tlie cause. of doatli. ."You attended.me some time ago, and told me that my disease would prove fatal. 1 -feel that I have not long to live, and as I don't like troubling you to ride over, , would you kindly, send me over a certificate of the cause of my death. It will save my family The unpleasantness of a coroner's inquest." 'Unfortunately, the medical man. does not quite soc his way clear to giving a certificate j about' a man who is still alive. Mr. -Mackenzie deserves to go down to posterity : with Elwe3, who, on his death-bed, summoned all his tradespeople around him and made them sign reoeipts in full for fifteen shillings inthe pound, the reason he urged being that his affairs were in sad disorder, and would probably have to go into chancery. Harwood v. Feigl has turnd out as I , expected. The lawyers have swallowed the -oyster ! the litigants have each a shell. The critique on a piece which had not been pro. duced was ill-natured and unfair, theinnuendo against the Duvallis was cowardly, while the management were unwise to rush into law. The relations between theatrical critics and theatrical managers are rarely satisfactory, even in a huge place like London. The same men who write plays criticise them, although ; in one capacity they sit upon managers, and . in the other they sit at their feet on the look out for cheques. I am not therefore sur- . p'riaed to fiud that Mr. Marcus Clarke wasthe -Author of a paragraph which damned beforehand, although liis .intimate .relations" as playwright with the managers oif the Theatre Royal made him think it necessary for liim to disavow the authorship ' when taxed with it by Mr. Harwood. His conduct has found ah apologist in Mr. Higiubotham, who perhaps spoke rather a3 an advocate tliau a man, and in the conductors of a newspaper which, is supposed to especially represent the religious element. Heaven . defend me from the. notions of morality entertained by, lawyers and priests! . . , Mr. MacDermott's reply to the Ballarat brokers does not finite meet their complaint. There .was no limitation in Judge Rogers's : strictures, nor did he except the re3pecta- ; able comer men from the sweeping censures. A man in the position of a magistrate, even , though'lie presides over an inferior tribunal, should recollect that his lightest words are very closely watched, and that he may make ; or mar the reputation of a man, or a class, without at all realising, the. importance :of what he was doing. County Court judges must keep a rein upon their tongues,, should : those, members have a tendency, to become- unruly. Uie Lrirmonth equity suit is getting, on; merrily. . The costs are said to be over £500; a week, and the yield of the mine is £2500. So that there sire plenty of funds to carry, on the war, and pay the lawyers. Now that spirits of all kinds are emigrating ' from Europe and America to Sandhurst, Stawell, . and head centres of; tho new religion, it is not surpris ing , that a gho3t should Have appeared in Sydney. The scene of the apparition was the very unrdmantic looality of Gipps-street, and the supernatural visitant is described as being extremely ugly. The first person to whom . it appeared ran . for assistance, and found another man, to whom ho showed the ghost. "Ah, it is a spirit, sure enough. Let's break its head with a bottle." This was too much, and tlie shadow vanished into thin air. As this strange story actually appears in print, it i3 just as worthy of credit as the narratives with which the' spiritualist journals are crowded. Mr. Tyer- man ought to be able to make a great dealof this new manifestation. ' I recolleot upon one occasion remonstra ting with a young friend of mine who was making presents of unusual value to a young lady to whom lie was engaged. " Well, you see, it does hot matter much. If we get married they will all be mine again. If we quarrel she will, as a matter of course, give them back to me." A gentleman in New Zealand recently acted upon the .same prin- ciple, and loaded a lady connected :with Hie English Opera Company with valuable jewel lery. But the swain sighed in vain; and the lady, even if she loved, proposed to sail away. This did not suit the swain, .who rushed down to' the wharf,' and demanded either that the young' lady should make him happy, or that she should return the, dia monds. There was some talk of ducking tho pursuing lover, but the girl acted like a woman of sense and gave the jewellery back again, only too glad to get rid o'f her admirer at the price. : The King of Hawaii is adopting a vigorous policy to increase the population of his weak kingdom. He offere to give all sort3 of fa- cilities to immigrants, to. exempt; fathers of large, families from taxes, to restrict divorces, and do all in his power to check Infant mor- tality. Perhaps the better way to increase the number of the ative population would be to un-civilise them, re-convert them to paganism, and drive away the whites. When they were' savage heathens they num bered 400,000 ; as semi-civilised Christians they have dwindled to 80,000. European habits do not sesm to suit the Kanakas. The, Maorie3 make remarkably sharp lawyers. . The other day an' attorney was drawing up a lease for - a Maori client. ! Upon reading it over he came to the words " more or less." "Why more or less? Why not strike out the more and.leave the less ? I want togiveas littleland a3 I can." Possibly some of our territorial aristocracy may not be too proud to take lessons1 from a New Zealander.' ' " ' The dispute between Mada tie Arabella Goddard and her Sydney manager shows that the lady has very bad advisers. Admitting that the letter addressed to Mr. Bennett was a forgery, there is no excuse for the great pianiste leaving the colony under a feigned name. Her anxiety that all the artistes who sang in the same concert with her should be of equal social standing with herself is mere snobbishness. Does any one suppose that the Marquise de Caux cares a sou about the character or ability of every little rat who takes part in the chorus ? Nor am I aware that any of the ladies whom Madame Goddard was asked to meet were less respectable than she herself is. Kean played in a barn, J udic sang at a cafe chantant. As to the threats about personal violence being resorted to if Madame Goddard sang again in Sydney, she must have known very well that the most degraded cad .in Christendom would, if he had pelted a woman with oranges, have been kicked by his own companions. The truth is that musicians are a peculiar race ; their harmony is confined to the concert room. The short season of Italian opera is an artistic success, but a financial failure. Everything is satisfactory, except the at tendance. The public complain about the rates for admission/ but they forget that if they wish for high-claw music they must pay for it. If we cannot or will not pay the j Same Vices which Other people are willing to pay, -it is quite clear that opera singers Will', go to the places where they ; can earn the-most money. \- In. some parts of the colony the /squatters have been allowed fir3t to jump the public roads,, and next to jump the shire, councils; whicji are the only bpdies which could compel them. to be opened. In one district, an un- fortunateuewspaper editor, who called the attention of /the public to the fact that the 'roads were improperly clo3ed, hasi been quietly .ruined, the lords of the soil in the neighbor hood . haying subscribed two thousand pounds towards subsidising, a .rival.. j The anxiety to keep the roads closed is not uuna- tural. 'Not only i3 the coat of fencing saved, but' the occupier gets the use of some -hun dreds of acre3 of-land: for which he neither pays /The State nor the' shire - council one fir tiling. . "Who/ would hot. be a' land owner on-anoli terms ?/ ''"' ; "!.! '. \- r - : ATljiUUS,. . 