LONDON, The dispute between Prince Bismarck and the German Reichstag has been compromised. The Emperor accepts the offer of the liborals to inaiutaiu the army at 400,000 men for seven years., Jean Line, the perjurer in tho Tiohborne oase, haa been sentenced to soven years' imprison ment. Captain Brown, who described Roger's embarkation, has been sentenced to five years. The Immiquants rim Alexandra. — Tho Immigration officers proceeded to tho Bay this morning to pass this vessel, and her ptissen gers will probably reach town to-morrow after noon, and will be. open for hire at, 9 a.m. on Wednesday. Supekmk Coukts.— The court will sit to. morrow morniug at 10 o'clock, in Equity ; aud the full court will isit on Thursday morning, providing His Honour Mr. Actiug.Judgo Lilloj has returned from Rookhampton. Bbisbahj! Mutuaii Building Investment Sooibty. — The shareholders of this society are reminded that the twenty-fifth monthly meeting takes place at 7 o'clock this (Monday) evening. Thk Good Tevplaes.— Under the auspices of the Rose of the Hill Lodge, a public meeting will take place in the Non-Vested School, Leichhardt-stroet, this (Monday) evening, at half-past seveu o'clock. The admission is free, and the entertainment provided is to consist of readings, BOiigs, recitations, and addresses. Bethel Sbiivicks. — Mr. J. P. Smith inforuig us that for some months past these services have been discontinued, owing to there heing no ministers available for tbat duty. The services have always been well attended, and from the number of vessels in port, it seems a pity they should fall into disuse. Representa tions have been sent to the British and Foreign Seamen's Society, and it is hoped that thereby their flag may be hoisted, and then it is presumed that arrangements will easily be made for regular Sunday services on board tho vessels in harbour. Busu Missions. — The Rev. Mr. Jones gave notice yesterday at All Saints Church that a meeting of tho parishioners would he held there bo Tuesday evening at eight o'clock to take into consideration the best means to be adopted for establishing buali missions in tho neighbourhood of Brisbane. Tho reverend gentleman also called attention in forcible terms to the want of interest iu pai-ish concerns — evinced by the parishioners by their non-attendance at the late Easter meeting in the Synod Hall. Thk Kate. — Mr. Hamilton wishes te corroct a mis-statement that occurs in the letter of our correspondent ' Wanderer,' in the Telegraphoi Thursday last. He informs us that there is no provision for a regular mail to Dunwich ; that any letters to be forwarded are sent under cover to him through Government offices — the Colonial Secretary's or Mr. Barron's ; and tbat bo far from the Kato's arrival ' without a mail' arising from any ' squabble between the Post office aud asylum uuthorilies,' there is uo official connection or communication whatever between the two institutions. When statements are made that impute or imply misconduct or ne glect, they should bo founded on indisputable facts. Ceioket. — A match wob played on Saturday at the Queen's Park between the first eleven of the Butterfly Club and the second eleven of the Stanley Club. The latter eleven made exceed ingly small scores. Their first tunings showing 23 runs, and the second only 13. The Butterflies scored 73 in their first innings, thus winning a very easy victory. The largest scores made by the Butterflies wore Hoghton 17, Warry 16, and Goertz 10. School of Abts.— The Rickards company still maintains its hold on the public taste. Harry Rickarda has, doubtless by no little study, reached the almost unattainable art of just touching, but not going beyond, the exact point in expression, voice, figure, and gait necessary to impress hiB audiences with a full and pleasing Bense of the truthfulness of his happy impersonations without raising any of those feelings of pity, and sometimes disgust often felt on witnessing and hearing so-culled comio impersonations and songs. Mr. Rickarda is, in faot, a true artist. In his singing of ' The Mad Butcher ' on Saturday evening there was, setting aside tho laughable part of the business, very high acting ; and his perfect tact and com mand of faoial power in his song ' On tho Teetotal ' would have caused a Good Templar of the highest standing to smile. For our own part, we liked him best in the ' Afternoon Crawl,' and 'I am so Volatile.' The other members of the company acquitted themselves with their usual ability. We do not think, however, that Mr. Drayton knows the full powers of his fine voice— he might -without disadvantage, take note of the delicate expression and execution of Mrs. Fox. The mere personal, appearance of Miss Carry Bickards, glittering in the golden Bheen of rioh yellow satin with purple ' fixins ' waB as gratifying to the eye as other attractions to the ear of the audience. In conclusion wo cannot help suggesting that the instrumental accom paniments were altogether too violent, often rendering even Mr. Rickards' admirably distinct articulation very difficult to catch, and we did not quite admire hearing violin, cornet, and piano all three playing the melody, as was too frequently the ca«o in the overtures and selec tions; with three such instruments, and we may odd such performers, we expected to have heard well arrunged harmony, and not a more reduplication of the upper paTt. The last nights of the entertainment are announced. ThiB evening the programme will contain several novelties — amongst others, a comio operetta of Offenbaoh'i, ' The'Blina Beggaw.' Q.tTKKNSL.VND TltKATKK. — Mr. TllvariM Ims ' issued a programme of Ms foithcomiuy season at the Queensland (lute Victoria) Theutre. 'Ho lias engaged a large and effective company, in cluding many well-known theatrical names. The programme states that an orchestra of eight musicians has been enpnged, who will bo under the leadership of Mr. R. T. jefferies. Anew proscenium has boon tnado, and a new method of lighting adoptod, and tWo ?(Socos nro to have tho ndvunlog^o of Vbally Woll-paintod sceuery by Mr. KinchclW Oilier improve ments will W- introduced, and Mr. Tavares oVicteritty Wieans at any rate to deserve success. The opening piece will bo Iho celebrated Hay' market comedy, ' The Palace of Truth.' The Palmkb Cpizk. — We iOburtir) have very bad news indeed to 'aYmb'uriee to-day from the Palmer GoW J?ield, by way of Townsvillo, The Lwd Ashley bringing 200 disappointed diijgore, brought the now»i to that port j and from thence wo have received it, both by tele gram from our own correspondent, which ap pears in our usual telegraph io columns, and also ^by ofllcinl telegram, kindly placed at our disposal for tho information of the pub' lie by tlio Hon. tho Colonial Sooretary,' It comes from a roliable source, tho Police MagiB- - trato at Cooktown, Mr. Hamilton, and is to the. following purport : — ' We have had throe days' rain, almost without intermission, and, such ruin ; two ni:d a-half incheB fell in one night. Thpro are lareo numbers of neoole in Cooktown — nearly four thousand — who can neither get on nor got back. Tho wcat.hor prevents those who aro determined to reach the Palmer from going forward, and want of money hinders many who would rather return south from leaving Cooktown. Many who went 'to the Pulmer without Bufllcient supplies have been forced to return. Tho Government will, it is to bo boped. try every means to stop the people from coining here and crowding , into a place where there is nothing for them to do, and which they ennuot get out of. There is no doubt ut all that there aro more people hero than the ciroumstunccs will justify, and those who come without aniplo means to stay will be sadly disappointed. Shippers sending a large number of passengers without means are them selves running groat risk ns well as the people -who come here.' This is as plain speaking as it is possible to use, and«if it docs not have tho effect aimed at nobody will be to blame but the stupid, heudstroug men with whom ifc seems hopeless to try to reason, and who treat advice that runs counter to their inclinations with con tempt. We are glad to bo able to say that the Government of this colony is leaving nothing undono U check this foolish rush, and that the substance of the foregoing news has been tele graphed for the information of the Governments of the southern colonies. , Goondiwindi. — A telegram in the Dolby Herald says :— ' The long-lost girl Downing arrived here yesterday (April 9.)' She was found at Mollee station, near Moree. She has . been accustomed for years to visit the stations, and was always looked on as a white girl. She is quite domesticated, and speaks English flu ently. She only recollects being hold over smoke by the blacks to discolour (or rsther colour) her. A New Expehihent. — The R.M.S. Benlan brough 38 Malays and Chinese for Messrs. Tooth and Cran's sugar plantation, Mury borough. The. new arrivals, who are likely looking fellows, were brought to towu on Thurs day night by the Mary, und lodged in the Im migration Depot, where they will remain until forwnrtled to their destination. This experi ment will be watched «ith some interest, as, if successful, it may lead to tho discontinuance of South Sea. Island labour, and with it all induce* nient or opportunities for kidnapping on tho part of unscrupulous shipmasters. — Nortiierti Argus. Mauriaqe my the Resistrae. — The P. D. Telegram recounts tho following: — 'A mos1 dreadful ' sell' was perpetrated on the Registrar of Marriages for this district, on Saturday luBt, by an individual who certainly could not have had the least spark of gratitude or generosity ubout him- The person referred to went to the Registrar of Marriages oil Saturday morning, and informed that functionary that he wished to enter upon the state of wedlock, and im plored the assistance of the Registrar to ' tie the knot.' The enamored swain said ho was rather pressed for lime, and could not possibly attend at the office of the Registrar until about eeven o'clook, and he asked what the fee would be under the circumstances. He was told lluit ob the time ho required to bo murriod at would be after the usual office hours, £2 2s. would be required from him, and the intended bridegroom expressed himself as perfectly satisfied. Ac cordingly, at the appointed time, the happy couple -with their ' best man' and friendB, waited upon the Registrar, and after the usual formalities hod been gone through the pair were declared to bo ' man and wife..' As soon ob this wiib done the newly made husband eaid — ' Now I suppose I must pay,' und putting his hand into his pocket he pulled out, four half' crowns, which he placed on the office table saying — ' There you are, that's all I've got and I can't pay any more,' and immediately left the office with his wife. Tho Registrar was fairly struck dumb with astonishment at the coolness of the proceedings, and could say nothing to the man, but after he had time to recover from hia astonishment, he registered a mental vow not to be tricked that way ugain, but to stick to his rights and collect the fees before performing the marriage ceremony. Coppeb Selections in the Nobth.— The Maokay Mercury of the 28th ultimo says : — ' On Thursday evening a large number of persons met in the Muuioipal Chambers to be»r Mr. Christoe'e report on aome of the copper selections at Mount Orange, Mount Flora, and Lake Elphinstone. The Mayor ocoupied the chair and in a few words stated tho object of tho meeting. Mr. Christoo then began a very interesting narrative of his visit to the locali ties named. Ho had found at Mount Orange such splendid copper country as he felt con vinced could not be excelled in Australia, ox cop t by the best mine3 in South Australia. The lodes at Mount Orange in number, rich nosB of ore, surpassed any he had mot with during many years* experience, and he fully believed that when worked they would bo found to be exceedingly profitable to their owners. The lodes already showinc on the several selec tions visited by him could fairly be estimated to average two feet in width, and he had every reason to believe that most of thorn would yield not Ibbb than 20 per cent, of marketable copper, while as rogards their permanency he had no hesitation in saying that hundreds of years would elapse bofore they .were exhausted. Indeed, ho was groatly surprised and gratified at finding such an exlonsive and highly valuable copper field as Mount Orango, und he was of opinion that it would prove to be one of the most productive and profitable in Queensland. Many of the Mount Flora selections, would, in his opiniou, be found to be good properties, the surface indications being such as to make it apparent that payable lodes exiBtod, and that wore mining operations judiciously prosoouted the best results would follow in most instances. He was very favorably impressed with the Lake Elphinttone country. There were number's, of very promising lodes traceable on the surface, extending to great distances, and exhibiting more or less the character of being permanent and, rerounw&tiYe;, ;' ,.',..,,,,.,., ...J (-' .Lit i AV^I ,'.;:?{!;',. :r.j „.-: :?.! ? . 1' 'i-HivM Cooktown.— The following telegram dated April 6, appears in the Northern Argus ;— There are fifteen vessels in port, all of which brought large numbers of passengers , horses, and cattle, but very little provisions. —The Wonga Wonga, steamer has sailed, but took no gold.— The escort between here and the Palmer will start. for the first time this week, in charge of Inspector Clohesy. — Cooktown has extended wonderfully ; there are at the present time about four thousand (4,000) people here. Great complaints are made against the over crowding of vessels with passengers, and horses thereby excluding cargo.—Provisions are still very scarce ; flour per ton, £30 ; potatoes per ton, £20. There is great demand for building material.— There are a large number of ships coming to the consignment of Mr. M'Donald (brother of P. F. M'Donald, M.L.A.) He starts the first wholesale butchering establish- ment. — A large number of cattle from Bowen have been landed in good order. — Land sales are eagerly awaited. — The Bench here decided on the ejectment of Charley Bouel (French Charley) from Crown , Lands, but a prohibition was applied for. — A grand dinner is to be given to-night to Mulligan and Party, the successful prospectors of the Palmer. — The Cooktown Herald is to be en- larged in consequence of the great demand for space in its columns. — Mr. Fountain is here, and has erected three wharves. — A proclamation has appeared in the Herald throwing the lands in the Cook district open for selection. — The latest news from the Palmer is not very encouraging; there are a large number returning who say the diggings are no good, but people won't open up fresh ground ; other reports speak highly — they say there is plenty of rich ground to be got. — The weather is beautifully fine, a delicious sea breeze blowing all day. — Great complaints are made with reference to mail communication with Rockhampton. Three vessels have arrived here — The Morning Light, Isabelle, and Mar- quis of Lorne, since the Leichhardt and no mail by any of them. Representations have been made to the Government about the matter. — . Mr. M'Millan, Engineer of Roads, starts in a day or so to open a dray road, and survey a telegraph line to the Palmer and Junction Creek to join the main road ; he also has a carte blanche from the Government to open speedy communication. . He intends to save time by temporarily hanging the wires from trees. His arrival has infused fresh spirit into the miners. —The new hospital building has been com- menced.— A letter has been received from the Board of Education announcing that plans are being prepared for the National School to be erected forthwith. — The Joint Stock Bank is doing a fine business under Echlin and Sachs. — A good many squatters from the Mackay dis- trict are waiting for the land to be thrown open to take up cattle runs between the Normanby and Palmer rivers. It is considered splendid fattening country. — The blocks are very trouble Borne. A German was speared in four places, and another man was killed half-a-mile from the township. — The Roman Catholics are making preparations for the erection of a new church. Much need for a Church of England minister. There have been none here as yet. The Palmer. — The Border Post publishes the following private letter received by Mr. J. W. Pillar on Wednesday last, dated Cooktown March 27:— 'Dear Friend,—* * * *. I cannot give you a very flattering account either of the diggings or of Cooktown. Everything is in a most depressed state. The men returning from the Palmer look like so many hundred ghosts, and as to the amount of gold that is being got, it is so small that we have no occasion at present for an escort. The accounts given by some of my fellow-passengers by the Boomerang who have come down from the Palmer within the past few days is most distressing. With respect to the town itself we are overdone and no mistake with pubs and stores of every descrip- tion ; and yet with all the vast amount of busi- ness places we have had no flour during the past week — biscuits have been the order of the day. However, the Boomerang arrived this morning, and we are expecting soon to have a 'glorious feed of new bread'. It may seem strange to you at a distance to hear such news, and nearly 2,000 persons in Cooktown and its suburbs ; but these are facts. I hear Stanthorpe is dull, but dull as it may be, you will soon have lots of Stanthorpe boys back again from this boasted El Dorado — myself among the number * * * I remain, yours truly, T. N. Rose." Coppbb in the North.— From a gentleman lately from Lake ElphinBtone we learn that the copper selections in that locality are showing vory promising surface indications of lodes which appear to contain a largo percentage of copper. Messrs. Hess Brothers have a selection with first-cluss looking lodes cropping out of the surface, atid for some time paBt these gentlemen have been testing tho value of their property with continuous encouraging results. One lode about a foot in width at tho surface increased as it was followed down to something like six feet at a depth of five falboras, and when our in formant left the lode still appeared to be widen ing, 'lhere are two or three other selections adjoining the one under notice, und these alBo afford undoubted signs of ouppiferous deposits in large and payable quantities. Two of our townsmen respectively possess a lurge interest in these selections, and judging from the ' ahows ' tp.be Been on their ground, as told to ub he believe they will eventually flnd their specu lations turn out profitable. We trust to tiivo bIjovUv a more detailed account of the prospeots of the copper country noar Lake Elphinstone. — Mackay Mercury. Improvements at Maciat. — The Mercury says : — ' It is very satisfactory to note the pro gress Mackay is making in the way of additions to the number of buildings already standing in main thoroughfares. The first new structure, recently completed, belongs to Mr. J. Armitage. It occupies a central site on tho south side of Victoria-street, and presents the appearanoe of being one of the neatest and most substantial brick-built lusiness establishments in tho town. At the corner of tho satna street where it is intersected by Sydney-street, Mr. George Smith is building a large brick store, the foun dation aud Bomo few feet of the main walls of which have been completed, and before long, no doubt, this building will, in a finished state, excel in size and general aspect all those hitherto, erected. On the opposite corner of the two thoi'ouglifuors above indicated, a very com modious brick hotel has been for aome time past advancing towards completion, and will, in a few days, be ready for occupation. It stanch on a central site, and both externally and internally it appears to be well suited for the purposes for which it is intended. This pro perty is also owned by Mr. G. Smith, and opposite to it in Viotoria-streot, Mr. K. H. Wills i* erecting iu one blook three business places ; the first intended for a wine and spirit merchant's ofllco, the second a large draper's shop, and the third for tho Commercial Bank. A good part of the brick walls of Uiobo pre mises is already put up, and each one is of good size, the centre, however, being the largest. When they ure finished, doubtloas, no better looking or more creditable buildings of the same olass will be seen in Mackey. — A notice posted outside the telegraph office, informs us that tenders are called for stretohing » third wire from Aluokuy to tbe Burdokin River. This liuo is to be attached to tho posts already erected. The want of a third wire on thiB part of the northern line cannot bo doubted, for siuco telegraphic charges were reduced the amount of business at every station has about doubled, and we1 may expect that when the additional ; wire is fixed the present delay in /f transmitting mossages will no longer be experi | -.enoedj fyj operator! and, the public, ,'i)i-iV.'iiv^1L' '- .''?'?^??????'- ? -:??'? 