BRISBANE. I Wednesday Evening. Thc Attornoy-Gcueral issues a proclamation on. Friday next defining the jurisdiction of tue Northern Judge and also of his appointment. The annual report of the Chamber Com- merce expresses its pleasure at the establish- ment of Chambers at Maryborough and Rockhampton, and hope that co- operation will lead to much practical mercantile legislation. Thc Lord Ashley cloared Cape Moreton at I p.m. Thc southern line is still down. MAILS for tho Australian Colonies per s.s. Balclutha, will close at thc Post Office this (Thursday) evening at 8 p.m. AT tho Peak Downs Copper Mine (says Satur- day's Telegram) thc contractors have turned tho corner, aud arc now removing the copper rather faster than it is made. Thc stock of about 300 tons is a heavy one to operate on, and it will take some time to clear it ; but with a continuation of fine weather thc shed will probably bo clear by thc beginning of next year. Thirty teams left St. Lawrence lately, all of which arc engaged for copper, and others following. Teams however are much wanted both for wood carting and thc roaiL 1'iiEFAiiATiONK are being made for sports to take place on thc Prince of Wales birthday, on tho north side of tho Fitzroy. Among other things, wc notice there is to bc a shoot- ing match for thc prize cup presented by Mr. E. P. Livermore some time since for that pur- pose. A target is about to bc erected by Mr. Robertson, late workman at Peterkin's foundry, on the north bank of Moore's Creek, a very suitable spot, as only a very loose and random shot will bo likely to go wide of the bank, ami (by going along near to thc river, the required distance of 309 yards can be ob- tained. If a good programme of sports can be made out for the occasion, thu spot chosen being so convenient to the town, in all pro- bability there will be a large gathering. TUE Church, Herald referring to the un- veiling of thc statue of Johu Bunyan, at Bedford says:-" A monument to a sectarian of some natural ability and no small literary power and popularity-lohn Bunyan-was unveiled by Lady Augustus Stanley last week at Bedford, on which occasion the church bells were rung and several speeches made, thc most il liable, but the most long-winded being from the lips of that inveterate talker-Dean Stanley. Bunyan., as we all know, was one of those sectarians »-'io jnauagod to disobey must effectually one of the plainest and most explicit commands of tbs Gospel, and which refused to suffer little children to come unto Christ a sect as rr liseliicvous and repulsive as it is possible to be. Oar I'antho.m of heroes - including Oliver Cromwell, Dutch William, and Stuart Bill will never be complete until we provida a handsome statnc in blackened bronze for the person who is said to have con- tended with St. Michael for the body of Moses. When it i: i put np tho Dean of West- minster ought cor tiinly to be asked ts pro- nounce an eulogiut II. It would be an act at once Igraoeful, liberal, s.nd appropriate." Iv our commercial items will be fouud an extract from the P. D. Telegram of tho 10th instant, iii which it states " shearing is over at one station in the neighbourhood, aud. that thc bauds have gone off straight tn other sheds without visiting town, so that trade has not receioved thc stimulus from this cause we may expect in a few weeks." This is no doubt very liad taste ou thc shearers part, when there are so many kind friends anxious to sec them in Clermont. Hat let thc Clermont people hide their time, the cheques will be all tho larger hy the time thc stimulus the Telegram speaks of sets in. INTKLLIOKKCE (says the Copperfield tinner) was brought into Clermont on Thursday last that Mr. Parker, of Clennout, in company with his black boy, left Logan Downs for Lanark Downs last friday wcok, when they were mot on the road hy a party of blacks. The black boy ran away, but 'not before lie saw that Mr. Parker was down, and made for Tinwell Downs, where he reported the affair. Mr. Forsyth immediately started for town and reported thc matter to the Inspector of Police, Mr. F. Mulray, who at once started out with Constable Murray and two black trooper«. We hope it may turn out to be ouly a rumour. THEW! was a very fair house at thc Theatre Koyal last night, although tho front seats wore not so well attended as thc really excellent performance deserved. Tho feature in the first part of the programme was, ns usual, thc wonderful evolutions of Mdlle. Gracie and Sonor Gonzales, ou the double trapeze, and these must bo seen to ho properly appreciated ; no written description can possibly convey the elegance and casa with which thc lady and gentleman named go through their difficult and hazardous feats on what is somewhat fancifully called thc pendant horizontal bar. Immediately prior to this section of thc entertainment, Mrs. Briggs sang with her usual good taste, thc pretty, but at thc same time difficult, ballard of "Mabel," which was loudly applauded. The second part opened with the "pedestal dance," by Messrs. Holly and Buckley which wasfuriously encored, aud although a severe tax ou tho cuergics of the performers, was partially repeated. Mdllc Gracie thcu sang the pathetic ballad of thc "Wanderer" with exquisite pathos, and thc melody hoing within tho compass of her voice, was extremely enchanting. Il is needless to add that au encore was de- manded and gracefully complied with. Thc evening finished up with a farce, known as " A Ghost in a Pawnshop," which kept thc audience in ft state of convulsive laughter thc whole time. THE Courier's Port Curtis correspondent, whom we judgE to Be what is colloquially termed a "north-sider," complains of the irregularity of the northern coast mail, and objects to the mail being conveyed to Emu Park by coach, "for the accommodation of three people at most." Now this is not the fact, for the Emu Park mail is of advantage to hundreds of people in the course of a year. It is not uncommon for thirty or forty persons to be staying at our marine resort, while beyond there the mail benefits only three or four stations. The Courier's correspondent has evidently a partiality for the paper town ship of Yeppoon, a charming spot, no doubt, but not particularly attractive to persons in search of a watering-place. Yeppoon, we believe, does not boast a single dwelling as yet, and the few gentlemen who own allot ments there would promote their object more effectually by erecting a hotel on the site than they will by railing at Emu Park. The fault of the mail service is really on the part of the contractor from Emu Park northward, and we fail to see what benefit would accrue to that service from stopping the Emu Park coach, which has the merit of conveying the mail with regularity to Cawarral, which township is within twelve miles of Yeppoon. With regard to the day of starting from Rockhamp- ton, it will be found that if the time be altered from Saturday no contractor will be induced to carry the mail at the price now paid for the coach service, the contractor for which makes his profit out of visitors to Emu Park, to whom Saturday is the most con- venient day for starting. AT the Police Court yesterday, before thc Police Magistrate, Henry Soloman, described as a dealer, nud Albert McDonald, described as of no calling, but formerly publican at thc Ballarat Hotel, were charged with the serious offence of robbery with violence of tho sum ot eight £1 notes, from the person of one William Fogcl. Mr. Melbourne appeared for thc prisoners. John Kelly, a police constable, deposed that at ar about ouc o'clock that morning, being on duty in 13ast-strcct, he hoard some oue shouting out "police," and on hastening towards the spot from whence the voice proceeded he found a man named William Fogcl, who had luid of thc prisoner Saloman hy tho collar of tho coat ; F»;ol accused Soïoman ;,f having robbed him of I'S, inti notes ; he also stated that the prisoner had given him back £!X, but had robbol him of HS; Thc prisoner said, " 1 gave him fi, as ho said he had no money to pay for his board. " Mc Donald, thu other prisoner, wai present at the time. Fogol said, "That ram struck UK." Fogcl then gave the prisoner, Sitlonnus, in charge for the offence. John Hardy, a police constable, deposed, that at about half-past ono o'clock that morning, accompanied hy William Fogal, he proceeded to th/s Ballarat Hotel, where they fouud thc prisoner, Mc Donald; Fogcl pointed him out, saying, "That is the man who robbed mo of £S ; take him in charge." He then arrested him ou tho charge preferred. Prisoner said, "This is rich; a mau of my respectability in Rockhampton, to rob a man of £8;" he also slid to Fogel, " Young mau ; you have doue a bad job for yourself, I am afraid ; I am well known in lïoekhampton." The apprehending constables not being prepared to go ou with the case, applied for a romand for eight days for the production of further evidence. They were then remanded until Thursday, tho 1st October. Mr. Mclbouruo made an application for bail, which M as objected to by thc police, and refused accordingly. Tnt'following is a good illustration of the old adage about "going further and faring worse : -.lust eighteen months since wo (D. D. flasctle) witnessed thc departure of Mr. II. t'. Schmidt for thc United States of America. On Tuesday night last 'wc witnessed his re- turn to Toowoomba. Prior'to his departure Mr. Schmidt hail accumulated considerable mcaus, but, haviug been attracted by thc re- ports from the ],akc districts of America, ho determined upon breaking up his connection with Queensland, with the view of trying his luck in the State of Michigan. He was undur thc impression that, with tho means at his dißposal, bc would soon bc enabled to secure a competency, and wc have no doubt that had the position been attainable he would soon have achieved it. Travelling by way of Sydney and San Francisco, a long journey was befnre him, and, being accompanied by his wife and children, thc trip to thc lake States was one involving considerable outlay, and thc display of unusual courage and perseverance. Arrived at his destination, Mr, Schmidt soon discovered that tho opportunities at tho dis- posal of the working mau, the farmer, and settler, in America, (were unequal to those offered to men of tho same clas in the colony of Queensland, and accordingly, after an arduous struggle to establish him- self in tho vicinity of Jackson, Michigan, he resolved once more to direct bis steps towards thc moro promising shores of Australia. With this view he left Jackson on thc Otb of 3a)y last, arrived at San Fran- cisco on thc 15th, and finally set sail for Sydney on the 28th of thc same month. As mentioned above, Mr. Schmidt landed in Toowoomba on Tuesday last, and we trust that his future business operations will prove of greater advantage to himself awl family than his late trip to America. With regard to the labour market in San Francisco and other cities in America, Mr. Schmidt states that large numbers of men arc out of employ- ment, and that situations with fair prospects of remuneration ave very «li.îioiilt to obtain. TUE Wrrrnamhool Examiner observes : Judge Skinuer has a wholesome contempt for thc Government Gazette. In an insolvency case, his Honor declined to grant a certificate on the grouud that the insolvent had con- cealed himself from his creditors by advertising thc meeting in thc Gazelle only. It was bad enough, ht said, in any case to advertise only in a journal which no ono ever roads, but it is much worse when the applicant could not pay 7s. in the fe Thc application was adjourned, to give time for advertisements in Geelong and Camperdown, where the creditors reside. IT is related by thc Melbourne Leader that a man who had just been discharged from Pentridge called at a certain bank in Coliins strcet, and laid claim to a large sum of money which had been standing to his credit for fifteen years. Iiis signature was quite right, his statement as to the date of tho deposit wag correct, and thc only thing remaining was hie identification, for whick an appointment wai made for thc following morning. The next day thc ex-convict would have been thc possessor of several thousand pounds, lint he coull not keep out of mischief. That very night he took part in a burglary, was arrested carly the next morning, and was seat back again to his old quarters. Meanwhile thc bank still continues to retain several thousand pounds. I Miusiis. GiLcumsT, WATT, and Co., agents ' for the steamer Cyphrcnes, yesterday chartered her to thc A. S. N. Company, and have also made au offer of thc steamers Macgregor and Mikado. Thc Cyphrcnes has undergone a through refit during her stay iu port, and left for Newcastle during the night to coal. On her return here she will take cargo, &c;, fot San Francisco, and leave with the mails foi England on thc 2Gth instant. Thc substitu- tion of this vessel for tho City of Adelaide is in every sense advantageous, and proves that thc local company wish to carry out even n temporary engagement with credit to them- selves and the colony. Mr. Russell's arrival from Auckland is anxiously looked for both in this colony and Victoria. Some of our Victorian contemporaries have assumed from the fact oj Now Zealand having temporarily withdrawn from the Californian and Singapore services, that therefore Mr. Vogel has decided to trusi entirely to the P. and O. Company. If this had been thc case, it would have been wasting money to send a special commissioner to Sydney. Thc Mikado left San Francisco ti date, as tho 13th there is our I2th.- Sydney Morning Herald. THERE was (says tho S. M. Herald, 15th¡ a suit for maintenance of a wife, yesterday, al thc Water Police Court, in which a ratho nice point arose as to the relations of a married man-on thc one hand to his mother, and on the other to his wife. It appeared that thc reason why tho two parties, nun and wife, were not living together, was that thc wife had boon struck by her mother-in- law while she was staying with her husband at his mother's house. Thc wife declined to liv; with her husband's mother on the ground that she was afraid of violence, and it appeared that thc husband would not main, tain her unless she were willing to liv« with his mother. Mr. Levey (one of thc magistrates on the bench) said that be was ol opinion that thc husband was bound to protect his wife against thc violence of her motber-in law. Although there were some of his fellow justices who did not agree with him, ho (Mr. Ljvcy) was of opinion that thc husband should take the part of his wife in preference to his mother. For this opinion lie had the very highest authority, for the Dillie had said, "That a man would leave his father and cleave to his betrothed wife." Mr. Vardy, who appeared for tho wife, who sued for maintenance, said that no doubt Mr. Levey was right. The laws of England were founded on those of the Bible. Mr. Levey said that thc laws of tho Bible to which he Lad alluded were not intended for courts of law. 