NOTES BY A SYDNEY 3IAN. August 29. . An arousing story comes from Port Jackson, and is to the following effect:— It appears that a few nights ago a bout was employed to take somo now mattrasses to one of tbe vessels down tho harbour, and while on the journey one of the said mattresses fell Into tho water, and at the timo was not missed. Somo timo Inter in the evening a second bout was to take an officer over to ono of the ships in " Farm Cove," nnd all going along quietly in the still night, nnd when some distance from the iaod, the lost mattress was pulled against unknown to tho occupants of tho boat, compYetaly stopping Its progress. Tho boatman palled on, but could not go ahoad, and on looking round to sea tho cause, tiro white cods of ilia mat- trass showed themselves risinc nbova tho bows of the boat, and tho watormsn becoming so scared at the night, plunged into tho sea, and made back for tho land as fast as over man swam, icaviog his passenger to shift for himself as best ho could. Tbe pasRooger, ou seeing tho boatman leave him so suddenly without any warning, and thinking somcthiug very dreadful was about to happen, at once followed suit and mado for tho land. Wo havo had more than ono sensational ghost story of luto recorded in tbe papors, which, no doubt, was the cnuso of tbo abovo. On the boat being piqkod up the mattress was also found, and many a good laugh bss taken place over tho matter. A very grand Masonic Ball is to bo held in tho Freemasons' Hal! on the evening of the 4th Sep tember next. Genllcroau's tickets are to be 21s,, ami the ladies ifis. Messrs- \Y, and J. G. Dickson havo bought privately Yarrawin and Borec stations, tho pro perty of Waiter Douglas, near Dubbo, for over £60,000. Three fine Clydesdale mares have arrived at hlelbouruo per ship America, from Liverpool, as nlsn two per White Eagle at Adelaide, for 31 r. C. B. Fisher. Natator, tbo groat American man-fish, Is draw ing crowdud houses to the Queen's Theatre. It appears he cats, drinks, smokes, and performs other marvellous tricks under tho water iu a large iron innk, which is placed ou thostago. It is said that Natator is uurivalled, and that ifauy ono attempts to copy bim "no doubt wo shall hear of au in- qtiost." ' The Sydney Labouring Men's Benefit Associa tion are ahont to Imvo a grand demonstration, to be held in tho Exhibition. Building, in order to cole- Iwiio tho second anniversary of tho formation of their association, which is said to numbor over seven hundred members. The Secretory of a sccoud association, on behalf of 380 members, in forms the public that they have no connection whatovor with tho abovo ono. The latter Is called the West End Labouring Men's Association. If the establishment of now Banks is to bocon- aidcred a good sign of the times, then New South Wales must bo flourishing, for tho papers of this week contain no less than twelve such vw esta blishments in different parts of tho interior for tho transaction of nil usual hacking busioexs. The Now South Wales curnes first with fuur, viz. Parro? .TDAluu-Y lian Joint Stock with tbreo— Orange, Wnllsend, nnd Lambton ; the Commercial with two— Glon Tnnes and Dungog; and tho City with thrco— Yonng, Batburat, nnd Ivinmu. I ntn also inclined to think that somo of tho other Banks havo opened other branches during the past few weeks, but I cannot just now refer to them. Some valuable live stock were sold in Knglaod on July I. There were about forty head of pure bred shorthorns from tho stud of Messrs. Leocy and Sons. More than halt the lots offered wero by the American bulls Eighth Duke of Goneva and Sixth Duko uf Oneida, nud from celebrated cows. Tho sale included ono splendid nnimnl of this family, tbo Fourth Grand Duchess of Gcuova, which was knoekod down to Mr. J. Lodcr for 2000 guineas. Lord D-jnmore started tho bidding at 1000 guineas. Twenty-eight heifers sold at ou average of £285 15a., and thirteen bulla at an average of £70 9s. 4d. each. Tbo cattle show at Adelaide oh Thursday last was a groat success. 31r. Charicn Price won the special prizo for the best bull under twenty months old. Mr.C. B. Fisher's Angler took tho prize for the best blood stallion. Fifty rams were put up- to auction in Adelaide, and averaged tho fino pricoof £40 each— one fetching as much as £177. Tho Pastoral and Agricultural Show at Forbes opened on Wednesday, and , was highly successful. Tbo exhibits wore very numerous, and there was a largo attendance of visitors. There was no competition in Hercfords. His Excellency tho Governor anticipates leaving Sydney for Fiji early in September, after tho Colonial Sccretary'x return from Riverina. Tho summary of news published iu tho S. II, Herald for tho " (;u y of Melbourne ' which sails to-day, contains 1J7 births, 62 marriages, aud 141 deaths, . Since last writing with reference to tbo wool market, Jtfesare. Richardson and Wrench, under dato August 27. say that tho Jerusalem has started bomowiirda, carrying 11115 bales, making a total of 110,313 bales sont forward to tbe present date, against 101,929 bales shipped at a similar period lost year. Tallow hod improvod during the. past month, at prices showing a slight ad vanco, and tlur same may be said of hides. A London telegram, dated August 27, from tbo Herald, states that tho wool sales nro higher than tho previous series— that scoured has advanced ljd., but that greasy is unaltered. Cross-breeds uro higher, and lambs are selling well. With reference to the Tin Market during tho week coding to-day, Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin report that for smelted tia a decidod im provement both In prico and demand has taken place, and a very largo quantity his changed hands at £85 5s. to £85 10s. Our sales have been 130 tons. Mort and Co. report the samo prices for refined tin, aud add that a considerable quantity has changed bauds privately at abmit last month's quotations, say from 15s. to 15s. Cd.. per unit for good assays. The markets quote fine flour at tbo mills at £15 and seconds at £13 per ton; cabin biscuits, 28s. per 190 lbs., nnd navy, 17s. ditto; maize, 3s. Sri. to 3s. 9d per bushel ; aud oats, 4s. to 5s. ditto; |tatitt(Wft, wholesale, 4s. to 5a. perewt.; arid onjous, 41M., or retail, 8d, per lb. The mar kets for the abovo have been more brisk than usual during tbo past few days; the samo may U« raid of tniuiug transactions fur the same period, Tbe frieuds of a uniform system of education nre to have a monster meeting .ou Tuesday even- ing, when all those iu favuurof secular, free, and compulsory, nro asked to show their sympathy with the atove ioovemeut"by attending the meet ing at the Masonic Hull. Blumlin coiomunces this afternoon with beau tiful weather. For the cocveuieoce of tho public, urtd to prevent crowding aud confusion, tbo doors Will bo will not commence till 4 o'clock— only fancy waiting two hoars to sco such a performance. Le Chevalier states that railway excursion trains will be run during tbo performances at a singlo fare for tbe double journey, available for a woek. During tbo weok ending August 29, 1785 oz. of gold wero received for coinage at the Mint, and 130,000 sovereigns issued for tho same period. Tho mail steamer Jcddab was scuttled at Two fold Bay and tbo firo extinguished. All the cargo (states n telegram in Saturday's'. Herald ) is damaged, except a small Quantity of tea. At high water to-night (Friday), there was a depth of two feet of wntcr in tho saloon, Tho passengers and mails havo been landed, and tho ship retains &c; upright position. A great destructive fire broke out at Newcastle last Thursday, whereby several stores and premises in Bolton- street were, with their contents, utterly destroyed. It Is proposed that all water clo&ots; in tbo city shall for tbo futnre be supplied by separate water- cisterns from above sod not below as formerly. Some of tho English papers havo expressed themselves in very strong terms, as to tho contrast exhibited in tho treatment by the English Govern- raent of Livingstone's family, and of tho lender of tho Ashnnteo expedition. Tho " hero of Asliantce " has received a bonus of £25,000, whilo tho pension of tho Livoogstone family has bean reduced from £300 to £200 a year. Sir Garnet Wolselay's ex pedition cost tbo nation millions, and bis only trophy was King Coffee's umbrella I Livingstono wandered in tho wilderness for more thaa a quarter of a century, a martyr to science, religion, and civilization. A coronet for bim .whose profession is human butchery— penury aud a , pompous burial for him who devotes his lifo to tho common benefit of mankind. A new wheat-cleaning machine, to clean from fivo to eight hundred bushels per day, is being exhibited at Adelaide. Tbo bandicoots oro said to no doing groat uamogo to tbo crops to tbo soutb of Adelaide. 