A PEEP AT A GOOD TEMPLARS' MEETING. You publicans and wine-bibbers, you moderate drinkers, and all who have not taken the pledge, have never had the opportunity, probably, of attending a Grood Templars' meeting. The door has been shut on you,—you have been very curious to know what they say and do; but hitherto your curiosity has never been gratified. Now, I will lift the veil for you, and tell you what I saw and heard at one of the meetings of a certain Lodge; what Lodge, I will not say; how I gained admission, I must also leave you to find out. I presented myself one evening at the door of the small schoolroom where the meetings were held, and after waiting some time was accosted by a young lady, who bowed graciously and politely asked if I were a G. T. I replied by rubbing my eyebrows, taking her hand, and giving the grip (a funny grip—it makes me laugh to think of it); whereupon her face beamed with smiles, and she bent forward as if to kiss me. "No," said I, resisting the temptation; "I admire your beauty, but I consider a kiss too sacred to be treated lightly." "Oh! I never thought of such a thing!" said she, blushing deeply; "are you a stranger here?" "Sister, I am. I come from afar, but I carry with me that which is a sure antidote for every sorrow and evil,—a love of Good Templarism. My name is Boozleum—please introduce me." "Most gladly, Brother Boozleum. Outer Guard, do your duty." My lady friend addressed a young man who sat on a very small box outside the closed door of the school-room, and who was evidently finishing his tea, for he was eating bread and butter most voraciously. He wore a red velvet tippet, with OG in brass letters marked on it, which I thought to stand for "hog," only the letter H had slipped off; but I was told it meant "Outside Guard." At any rate, Outside Guard was not inclined to obey the command, and "do his duty," for he quietly said to my female com- panion,—"I say, Janey, jest 'blige us by doing it yourself. Jest knock at the door, you know." The good sister complied with the lazy Templar's request, and gave three most peculiar knocks on the door, which was directly answered by a gruff voice— "J—E—R—I—." My friend and I whispered "C—H—O," which, you can see when added to the other letters spells "Jericho," and forms the password. The door gently opened, and after numerous signs and gesticulations and grips and whisperings, the Inner Guard introduced us to our places. How shall I describe the scene that met my gaze? At the end of the room, which was decorated with banners, a sort of altar was erected on a deal table, and behind the table sat an elderly man about seventy, adorned with a gorgeous tippet, on which was a large amount of brass letters. On his right and left sat other officials, each with a tippet of varied coloured velvet, and each well supplied with what I often wish I was, viz., brass. The members were seated in a semi- circle, the brothers on one side and the sisters on the other, and all wearing a spotless white tippet, the point end of which came just over the—well, the lower portion of the chest, and was ornamented by a pink and white silk rosette. Oh, what a lovely sight! The sisters (uncontaminated by nobblers, and whose beauty had never been marred by colonial beer) looked enchanting, and were really Good Tempters, and I thought of the old Sunday-school hymn: I'd like to he a sister, And with the sisters sit; The male members I can't say so much for—they looked as melancholy as Ham- let's Ghost. But somebody found out I had no tippet; before, however, he had time to make a noise I whispered in his ear, and soon afterwards I also was adorned with white tippet and rosette. The hymn sung to the air of Auld Lang Syne ran on as follows:— Shall e'er cold water be forgot When we sit down to dine: O no, for't ne'er gets in our head, As is the case with wine. In opening the proceedings, the Chair- man made a long speech and concluded as follows—"I am glad, my sisters and brethren, to say that Sister Bunster is recovering. Brothers Brown and Jones sat up with her three nights, and she is getting well fast. Another little matter. I notice a stranger here. Will our good brother kindly give us his experience?" This sudden allusion to myself made me rather nervous, but as they all looked at me in expectation, and clapped and stamped, I got on my legs, and addressing the old man in the chair said,— "My experience is——" Here one of the velvet-collared indi- viduals interrupted me by saying in a low and solemn voice,—"You must first address the chair by saving "Most Worthy Grand." "Most Worthy Grand," said I to my- self, "why, grand is an adjective. He must have said Grandfather, and I didn't catch the latter part." Convinced this was the case, I once more essayed to address the chair:— "Most Worthy Grandfather——" I could not proceed farther on account of roars of laughter, and the old man jumped out of his chair as if he had sat on a needle, looking daggers, and stamp- ing with rage. But I was equal to the occasion, and heeding not the noise I sprang on the seat, and shouted— "Good brothers, sweet sisters, let me not stir you up to conduct not polite. Believe me I meant no joke, for Good Templarism is —" and l launched into an oration on temperance, and so worked them up to such a pitch of enthusiasm that had a publican entered just then he would have been probably done for. Then came a hymn, first verse being— Whene'er I take my walks abroad, How many drunk I see! But as I never speak to them, They never speak to me. One official started this to the tune of the Old Hundred, and when we got to the second line we found out the error; but, evidently not wishing to waste time in commencing again, they kept on, re- peating the last word of every other line twice over. It sounded very nice—just try it yourself. After singing this most delightful hymn, the Chairman called on Brother M—— to say a few words. This brother was a teetotaller, no doubt about that. He was elongated and as thin as a sheet of paper; but, mind you, he wore a good black suit, and a massive chain. His nose was very red, but perhaps that could be attributed to a fondness for red herrings. No sooner was he called on, than he rose hastily, made a noisy use of his pocket-handkerchief, then cleared his throat, and spoke thus:— "I have never tasted intoxicating drink since my birih. I will not make a speech on what Good Templarism has done for me—these speak for me," and he pointed to his massive brass watch- chain, then turned slowly round to show the delicate cut of his coat-tails, and ultimately sat down. After a recitation, the old man in the chair then called on the Past Worthy Grand to address them. This appeared to be one of the high officials, for he rose with a dignified air and commenced to laud the virtues of Good Templarism. "I am," sail he, "proud of the initials I.O.G.T. An eloquent thought struck me the other day which you will say is worthy of Shakespeare's conception. It was this: Beer softens the brain, but Good Templarism softens the heart. (Great applause.) As an instance of its truth, I will tell you an incident con- nected with my own experience. When I landed in Adelaide a new chum, I carried a long letter of introduction to my mother's brother, whom I found to be a well-to-do tradesman in the city. He read the letter, and said "Ah, so your mother is in distressed circumstances and has sent you out to try your luck. Well, you had better go to the Labour Office and hire yourself as a farm labourer. Good morning." No farm labourers were wanted and so I walked about the streets daily, often falling over my uncle, who would, however, never recognise me but pass me by in contempt. Years passed by and I became a well- to-do farmer, and when Good Templarism arose I went one evening to one of the Adelaide Lodges. There I saw my uncle—a Good Templar. Directly he saw me he came forward, fell on my neck and kissed me. Although he afterwards told me he had heard I was a well-to-do farmer, think not, dear sisters and good brothers, that that fact was the reason for the change in his conduct towards me.—No, it was Good Templarism alone that had united our hearts, and we felt chords of sympathy existing between us." The P. G. then launched for fifteen minutes into a denunciation of moderate drinking; and for another fifteen minutes did he vividly portray the fair maiden Australia—now "in a state of reckless incapacity" (or in plain terms, drunk) about to take a fatal dive into the "seas of intoxication," when lo! the spotless virgin Good Templarism rushes to the rescue and saves her from ignominious ruin. Happily after this grand perora- tion the speaker came to himself; he found he was in the small schoolroom surrounded by his fellow champions (now, alas! nearly asleep!) and his audience quite unaffected, but actually laughing and talking, and one of the brothers pinching a sister. Need I add, that filled with indignation aud disgust he broke off abruptly and sat down. A sister then spoke of her happiness as a Good Templar. She said she liked tea better than beer, because the latter was so bitter. Her mother drank beer, though, but she drank it because it done her good. She would'nt have a young man for a husband who lifted the fatal glass—(cheers)—and she was sure the other sisters wouldn't—("No! No!" from the tipetted angels.) Some had told her it was wrong to go and sit with a lot of young men,—but she told them the young men were her brothers— (immense applause)—and that as Shakes- peare says—"To the pure all things are pure." (Cheers). After this the old man in the chair said it was time to go, and I thought so too; so after a little more singing, &c.;, the meeting broke up—each young man seeming to secure a young woman; and just as I was going outside, the young lady that had introduced me came running up and said,— "Your arm, brother." JEREMIAH BOOZLEUM. 