THE MUFF CRICKET MATCH. Our readers will have seen advertised for the past few days that on Easter Monday there would be a "Fancy Costume Muff Cricket Match" on the Oval, and accordingly on Mon- day morning the fun commenced. The players represented Salem Soudder (Captain), Clown, Nigger, Claude Melnotte, Wahnottee, Dromeo, Matadore, Man- of-Warsman, Dancing Mad, O’Callaghan, and Paul Pry, on one side; and Mephistopheles (Captain), Harlequin, Sailor, Mare Antony, Jack Sheppard, Touchstone, Prussian Uhlan, Admiral, Rob Roy, Policeman, and the Earl of Essex on the otter. The umpires chose the characters of Hamlet's Ghost (?) and Richard lll, as being most suitable to their positions. The match, if such it may be called, commenced by the team captained by Salem Scudder going to the wickets the representatives being the Clown and Paul Pry, the latter being soon caught out, but as he objected to retire, another ball was given him which took his stumps. The game was played with such an absence of ad- hesian to the laws of the game that it is posi- tlvely impossible to describe it at a match. The vagaries of the clowns, the peculiarly insane gambollings of the individual styling himself “Dancing Mad," the inquisitiveness of " Paul Pry “ togetner with the misfortunes which persisted in overtaking the “Policeman” in his endeavours to keep the peace, made up such a scene as we suppose was never witnessed before on a South Australian cricket-field. It caused an immense amonat of laughter amongst the visitors. There was no doubt that the players intended to make a barlesque of the game, and in this intention they perfectly suc- ceded. Our observation leads to believe that there was a rule that each player should remain in a specified time and then retire, as all were given out in regular order at they went in. It was a matter of very little moment whether the stumps were down, or the ball caught, if the time was up the batsman had to retire, and if not, he remained at the defence whatever accident befell his wicket. Of course, as such a game at this it was a simple matter of impossibility to keep any more. Getting runs seemed to be the last thing necessary, and no one seemed to care whether they ware obtained or not. another peculiar feature in the game wat that each man as he came out went into the field; so that those who wielded the willow first had only a field of eleven to contend against, the later batsmen had from 15 to 20. This, however, all added to the fun, and at it was perfectly a matter of taste with any fieldsman whetter he stopped the ball or not. it did not so much matter. The get-up was, on the whole, fair; but it must be remembered that fancy dresses are made for evening wear, and candle-light will hide a good deal that the light of the sun exposes. There was a very large attendance on the ground, there being at least 2,000 present; and as the proceeds are to be devoted towards the improvement of the Oval, we trurt that a good round sum will be placed to the credit of the association. His Excellency the Governor visited the ground during the afternoon, and remained a short time wit- nessing the game. Schrader's Band was in attendance and played a number of airs. Altogether the affair was a complete success, and caused a vast amoant of amusement, every one that we heard speaking of it expressing himself as perfectly satisfied with his after- noon's sport. 