DETERIORATED BREED OF GHOSTS." [From the Spectator.] Nothing is more remarkable in the democratic tendency of the age than the deterioration it has brought about in the manners and breed- ing of ghosts. The ghosts of a century, or even half a century ago-the " ghosts of the old school, as they have been called used to feel it a solemn privilege to be ghosts. They acknowledged something grand,' something of obligation, in their state. They seemed to say, Mystere oblige, as the nobility used to say, Noblesse oblige. It was not everybody who could be a ghost, and those who could were bound to keep up the influence and the dignity of the Order. In those days, ghosts fed their souls on solitude, and were visible chiefly to the solitary. They flashed upon that inward eye, which was the curse of solitude. Or if now and then, like the celebrated ghost of Mr. Wynyard, who appeared to both Sir John Sherbrooke and General Wynyard, on the island of Cape Breton, on the 15th October, 1785, it proved itself to be no illusion by being seen by two persons at the same time, it would yet stalk noiselessly through the room, like the ghost of the royal Dane across the platform, and vanish without a sound. Ghostli mess used to be a dress iii;/!<e'sort of quality. One felt it a kind of renown to have a ghost in the family. To be an apparition was to be something lofty and awful, and though perhaps, too dread a function to stimulate ordinary ambition, still one honourable after its fashion, and tender ing to keep a noisy, and familiar, and vulgar- ' minded generation under something like awe for the world of the supernatural. But such has been the progress of democratic ideas that all this seems to have changed. Modern ghosts are " hail-fellow-well-met, " not only with I human beings, but with each other. If we are not not mistaken, they not long ago declared it would be a " lark" to bring Mrs. Guppy through the air from her house in Highbury to Lamb's Conduit-street. Certainly there was, according to the authentic account of the story, ' much spiritual giggling amongst the preternatural agencies engaged in that manoeuvre before they accomplished it. The ghost sometimes called Katie King, who professes, we believe, to be the daughter of a buccaneer of Elizabeth's of James I, 's reign, permitted Mr. Crookes to take her provisional and temporary body around the waist and kiss her, and than according both to his evidence and that of Mrs. Ross-Church, a temporary human heart was felt beating beneath the temporary ghostly organisation. There are stories in myriads of the extreme matter-of| fatness and even vulgarity of the modern ghosts. Some of them insist on aspirating unaspirated vowels, and show by violent raps their objection to the authorised and more polite mode of spelling. Others of them delight in pinching your knees or neck, like it child who is playing at bandsmen's buff. A ghost who was indebted to Mrs. Guppy, we believe, for the power to manifest himself in this world, was unpleasant enough to hurl two living lobsters on the table during a "dark seance" in Russell-square was a neighbouring fishmonger, we wonder, short by two lobsters of his rightful stock-in-trade, or did the ghost pay the money before abstracting the lobsters ; or did it catch the lobsters itself at sea, with or without the aid of a lobster-potl-while the most common of all the freaks of modern ghosts are those in which they play violent games with heavy pieces of furniture. Yet how sad a deterioration we perceive in all these things from the old ghostly manners, which an orthodox kind of work on orthodox apparitions, by an orthodox clergyman, has just agreeably revived for us. It was worth while to know a ghost in those days. It made the blood curdle to think of him, and was in some respects, if not exactly a testimony to character, at least a testimony to mental or moral calibre. It was not for the insignificant then that the ghosts appeared, or that the ghostly bells rang. If a church bell chose to tell without human hands for the dead, it was always for some member of the great local family. And, moreover, it was a great, deep-toned bell of a great old church, and it rang at midnight, with proper solemnity, and not a little table which took to trotting about the room, and bobbing its leg by way of saying " Yes " or No." And how much more sensible of their preternatural powers and rights the old ghosts were ! There is the great Beresford ghost, the ghost of Lord Tyrone, who appeared to Lady Beresford on October 15th, 169, and of whom we have all heard, and whose story Mr. Savile has edited for us with great care in the volume just referred to. Did he put himself into an ordinary physical shape, in which he could shake hands, and even be embraced without injury 1 On the contrary, when Lady Bcrosfnsd complained that the next morning she would believe the whole to have been a vision unless Lord Tyrone gave her some signs of his spiritual presence which she could not mistake, the ghost was fully equal to the solemnity of the emergency, and replied, " I must not touch you ; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh." That is conceived in the fine old style, and the sequel is in keeping with it. Lady Beresford does not object to a small blemish for the sake of certainty, whereupon Lord Tyrone touches her wrist, and every sinew and nerve shrinks, " leaving an indelible mark as if a pair of red hot pincers had gripped me " And the ghost is fully aware of the magnitude of the occasion. 'I Now," said he, " let no mortal eye, while you live, behold that wrist to see it would be sacri- legs." But what a falling-off' in hero ! In our days Katie King walks about quite cheerfully on the arm of her entertainer, does not object to kiss him, distributes snippets of her ghostly dress to her mortal friends, and never dreams of there being any sacrilege in the matter. Nothing is more remarkable than the liking of the modern spirits for company and noise. They have not only given up the grand style, they have mostly given up solitude, and can do much more with a lot of people round a table than they can do with a solitary watchers moonlight. They revisit not " the glimpses of the moon," but the flicker of the gas-lamp. They delight in playing accor- tions, in shouting through trumpets, in knock- ing hard on the roofs of cabs and railway carriages, in whirling about dining-table, in getting themselves photographed, and in manufacturing inexpensive pearls and rubies. The only thing in the least poetical they seem to affect much is the production of flowers. If the modern authorities may be trusted, they really do deal in flowers, to an extent very creditable to their taste ยก but this is an exception to their ordinary demeanour, which is, for the most part, not memory at all, but exceedingly rosy, and of a kind almost expressly intended, it would seem, to rub off the awe which the supernatural world used to inspire. In one word, if our modern ghosts are trustworthy, the world of spirits is now like our own in the hands of " the residuum." The angels, demons, saints, and penitents manifest themselves no longer. We have in their places ghosts of vulgar rhetoricians, who make speeches on matters they do not understand, of buccaneers or pugilists who show great muscular qualities with only temporary muscles, and about audibly with provisional lungs, and of undoubted shopboys, or young woman not too ghostly to flirt and romp, who t road of their speech, with vulgar and somewhat greasy expressions of universal love. The change is great, but we cannot say it is one calculated to increase the reverence of men for the world that is unseen and eternal. 