\- jjioht iioisBs. .( Bf JC or It. i* fit jttatrtlntuinJ Thb voices of tbe night speak to us io a langaage peculiarly their own. They have . never been translated, and they will «e»er bear it. The lonely si:ter- up, or the tier awake-in-bed, hears solemn and mysterious , sounds, for which reason is wholly at a loss ! to acooant. Unearthly etepB ascend the i stairs, unearthly bands open doors. Taps j come to windows till one is tempted, like Ed?ar Allan Poe. to throw onen tbe case- i meot and admit the raven to tell his tale of horror. If we are upstairs eome one is walking on the verandah ; if we are down stairs he is on the balcony. He is in the next room to or, in the hall, io the passages, in the dark. But as soon as we go out with the candle he vanishes. He is without form, without substance — a mere sound, an echo it may be, a creation of the imagina tion — hut whoever or whatever he mny be. he strikes more terror into the souls of thousands than could the form of a substan tial burglar witb his stockings on over his boots, and with a jimmy in one band and a knife in the other. The editor of tbis paper, for some reason that no doubt appears sound to him, but which I am unable to see, invariably pub lishes my articles in the ladies' column. I have the depressing consciousness on me that if I wrote on war, politics, or science — if I speculated on revelation, or worked up an elaborate treatise oa the ethnology of tbe Australian aboriginals — if I squared the circle, or solved the problem for determining longitude — my contribution would tie con sidered as fit only for feminine reading, and a certain compulsion would be put upon me to introduce extraneous light matter, such as ladies are supposed to delight in. Now, nigbt uoiees, properly speaking, is a subject that I would wish to keep out of the eight of women. I would regret writ ing anything that would make the enforced hours of loneliness that our wives are occa sionally compelled to spend, when unavoid able business takes as away from home, more miserable than tbe absence of our society makes inevitable. It must be hard for women to be compelled to go to bed without the comfortable feeling upon them ?that their natural proteotors are by their side should circumstances call for their aid ; ?it ia worse, a thousand times wcrse, if an irresistible sense of duty induces them to sit up till their husbands return. And here I must digress for a moment to express my extreme disapproval, grounded on extensive experience, of those wives who think it necessary to eit up while their hus bands are abroad. It answers no Rood purpose, and leads to several bad. Every minute that she sits up after the hour she thinks he should come home her temper is getting gradually spoiled ; while, on the other band, every minute that he loses of tbe evening's amusements (for business, it must be remembered, is the amusement of family men), through over anxiety to return to his home and ao allow his wife to go to bed, helps to spoil his. The nocturnal noises that result when two people meet, both of whose tempers are spoiled, and each of whom considers the other to be in the wrong, are of a kind totally different from those whioh I have undertaken to write about. There may be war, there may be recrimina tion; but from the moment when the man sets foot on his threshold the taps at the window, the knocks in the wainscotting, the creaking of the stairi-, and the steps in the room overhead are heard no more. The whispers of the supernatural burglars in the empty rooms cease, the ghosts that hovered about the dark passages are silent, and in their place is only beard the voice of the woman reciting the tale of his misdeeds and her wrongs. Night noises are oniy beard to perfection when we are utterly alone. Any oompanion ebip, even that of 8 child, will make us deaf to them. But the oompanion must be io the room and awake. It is not the slightest protection to bave others in the house, even in tbe room witb you, if they are aaleep. Ghosts have a peculiar cunning, and avoid tbe waking sooiety of more than one. They love to hcver around the lonely pillow, to dauoe like moths about the doors and win dows of the lighted room where a solitary Watcher is passing the midnight hours ; bnt, unlike tbe moth, they never burn their winding-sheets by bringing them within tho influence of the lamp. The charmed circle of tbe light keeps them at bay ; but outside of it they play all sorts of fantastio tricks, tapping furniture in a way that sends thrills to the heart of the listener, awakening aad eohoes of sounds that never had a human origin through the slumber log chambers of the house ; setting the ear and nerves on rack to catch the next note of the weird unearthly musio tbey are danc ing to. The three most common of the nightly noises that startle the lonely listener are those that assimilate themselves to the sound of burglars either breaking into or actually in the bouse, the crackling of a fire in a distant apartment, or ghosts pure and aim Ele. Almost every one has his or her pet orror, so that the burglar of one will be tbe fire of another, and the ghost of a third. k The sound of a fire is usually heard when one is lying awake in bed, and mothers of young children are peculiarly eubjeot to it. Almost anything at night will serve to con vey « vivid and overwhelming impression that the house is iu flames — the window shaken in its casement with the wind, the bursting of a bottle of beer in the cellar, the antics of cats on the tiles. The ordinary course when an alarm oF fire seizes one is to scream violently, awaken the household, put clothes on inside out, and then Bet out in search of the seat of the conflagration. I have known husbands Avho, after two or , three false alarms of this kind, have pre ferred running the risk of being burned to death in their beds rather than get up till they heard for certain that their -wives1 fears had a foundation. A warned husband dis trusts the suspicion of fire. Ifont people, when they hear ghosts about their bedrooms, cover their heads op witb : ths blankets. A sort of instinc'ive feeling tells them that unsnbsiantial beings cannot remove ^substantial bed-covering, andblan liets well tucked in ate generally regarded an ghoet-prouf. I waa talking about ghosts villi eome young people lato oue night, and ? lady who was preseutaaid she considered herself perfectly aafe wbeo bsr head was : oovered. ^ ** Bat,' said X, and my^oMe-waS j . as aeleBdi aa the qaeaUou tequired, *' what j . j I was not allowed to finish my question, and she never gave an answer. Feelings were too highly wrought. A series of elaborate hysterics ou the part of two yonng ladies supervened, and put a stop to nil rational conversation. The mere idea of the hand wan stronger than the armour of blankets. Burglars every one is acquainted with. They are ever present after nightfall. They haunt alike the cottage of the artisan aud the mansion of the squatter. No man con siders his manhood shamed by owning to a dread of burglars. We bear the saw at the window-frame, the file at tbe bolt, tbe skeleton hey in the lock, the diamond stealthily cutting the glass so as to allow the hand to be passed in to undo tbe fasten ings. Creeping feelings come over us. We draw pictures of the stab ia the dark. One man in bare feet and night-shirt tussling for dear life with a short-haired, burly antag onist, whose hob-nailed boots crush the un covered toes to mummy. We may be brave, we may wish to dufuud our wives and families to the last gasp; but that imaginary burglar, wielding imaginary weapon*, fight ing witb imaginary fury, thirsting more for blood than plunder, is a being that few of us can think of calmly as we sit up late at night by ourselves or lie awake in the small hours. In the bright light of the sun, when the 1 weary ghosts are blinking in their hiding places, when the burglars imvo slunk to their dens, and the demon of fire is taking his siesta, no sound breaks the silence of the house that is tenanted by only one. i Many will read this paper in the daylight, and smile, perhaps, and say, 'what non sense! I would sit up all uight and hear S nothing but noises for which I could ac count.' But let the boaster read this late at night — alone — with the rest of the house dark, with everyone but himself asleep, with no one to whom he can turn for an explanation of this noise or that, that he must hear unless he is deaf, and then let oae know whether hp will continue to boast. The noises of the night bave a way of their own of taking the day-boast out of people. 