DUKE OF.EDINBURGH'S MARHIAGE. [CABLE- DESPATCH] St. Petersburgb, January 23.—The marriage ceremouy of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commcnccd at noon to-day, iu the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the vurious galaries. The ladies were sumtuoutily attired, the prevailing costumes, particularly of Kussiau ladies, were velvet and diamonds. I'lie men were in uniform, with the exception of the American Diplomatist. After assembling, n procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamberlains, and other officers ol the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and bridegroom, who wore the llussian naval uuiform. The bride was splendidly apparrolled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, andj she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed au immense proccssion of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princess, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of the Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Impeiial that of a Prussian Colonel- All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed iu dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess's "dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one ol the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession,, upon reaching the ilussUu Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses aud sacred vessels with boly water. The emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle ot the churcb, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur aud the Graud Dukes. The wedding rings, boru on golden salvers, were deposited on the alter temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. . The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants atad intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair—Princc Arthur holding the crown Over the Duke oi Edinburgh, und Prince Serg ;is tnaover the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said ; "Thou scivaut God,. Allied Ernest Edwaid, art crowued lor (his haiidm-iiden of God, Mari* Alexandra, in the name of the Father, (he Sim, and the Holy Ghost." Princ.-; Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then tli-r Epistle t« the. liphcsiun.-, 5th chapter, 20th and i3rd verses, were read. Aficr the reading was concluded, the marriage at Cana ol Galltlo.c was read. Hie crowns were removed, aud the married couple walked thrice around the raised dias, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with onebaud and a candle in tbe other. At < the conclusion of this ceremony, the the sacruiuontal cup was brought lorward, blessed and partaken of hy the bridal pair, tbe conlessor presen ng the cross, which both kissed. Afterward the choir sang " Glory to Thee, O Lord!" concluding with a benediction. . This ended the Greek service. The pro'cessiou then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican, pervice. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated witn battle pictures. Dean Stauley, who during -til; solemnisation of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor ol Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surplice with a jewelled collar of Hie Order ol Bath around his ueck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and (he English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewitt, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English- officers in full costume were also present. Especially notable wa's tbe venerable Prince Gortschakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian cloristc; lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Princc Artbnr walked behind. 'I he beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, tho Prioc» and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, aod God the Holy Ghostbless, preserve, aud keep you," was especially touchine. The service being concludcd, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married couple. Several Itomau Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-laced ; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and dclicate. Tho German Crown Princess looked healthy—the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. "Tbe Princess of Wales was apparently, on excellent terms with the German Prince,and ooth looked well. Durint; the ceremouy in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, teemed overcome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when tbe married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination ol the public squares took place, and-the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp and splendour. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a "ball at the gorgeous ball. At the close or tbe ball the bridal couple were lormerly marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Enperor being present.. 