LAUNOESTON EX AMINER. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1874. Tirs Municipal elections generally. this year afford some gratifying symptoms. They evince very plainly that our popu. lation is not so indifferent to the proper management of local affairs as it has been diligently represented. All that is wanted is time to allow muni 6ipal'institutions to develop themselves, for their success to be as complete in Tasmania as in other countries. Given a' fair opportunity for experience-and knowledge to be acquired, and we shall have the colony represented by. a com pluto network of self-governing dis tricts, transacting their own local affairs in a business-like way, with , no more fuss and contention than are-necessary to. purify the atmosphere, and at a cost which will satisfy every reasonable ox. pectation. And then the functions of Parliament will become reduced in such a manner as must rescue its character from what it has been sunk to-little better than a paltry vestry or road board, but without the salutary re straints which keep these in check. It has often been asked how, it comes in Tasmania that so, much difficulty is found in obtaining fit men to go into the Legislature I Doubtless to some ex tent the question is answered by. the fact that the colony is not so rich as its neighbors in men who have, leisure to devote' to public duties. But the hin drances are not wholly from that cause. Fitting men do . exist in fair proportion, but they are re pelled " by a demand of several months' service, for the most part in unmitigated waste, upon questions which properly belong to tho respective districts interested, but which are used as the stock-in- trade of mere political jugglers, men who have no better con ception of how to govern than by wheedling and circumventing. Even irrespective of disdain for a position in which they fear being duped on one hand, and are chilled in their endeavorsi to infuse a different tone on the other, the nature of the engrossing question will not admit of that kind of discus. slon which attracts superior men. In one word,'- so long as Parlia ment is made a Municipal Cor poration for the . whole colony, so long will it bear no higher character than belongs to such a body; and so long also will the . districts have their special work ill done, and be exposed to all the chances of Par liamentary log-rolling and Executive corruption. And it is because we flatter ourselves that this is being daily more and msore felt and acknowledged to be the case,' that we regard the new interest in the, Municipal elections as most gratifying. Seeming apathy in previous years has been presumed upon by those whose tactics would be most served by' the; extinction of all local vitality in the colony;' and in the last session of Par liament nothing was so manifest on the part of the present Admiainstratioai as a design ,to grasp every' fragment ''of patronage and power,' and concentrate administration in a bureau in 'Hobart Town. Openly. and also insidiously, this movement was' made, "and it was carried out in Bismarckian style where the intervention of Parliament could be escaped. Wo need but recall the attempt to deprive the Municipal Councic of the control of the local police, fitroduced as it was in a das -tardly spirit that begged immunity from theconditionsof reponsiblogovornment It must bo obvious that the surest method of-strangling Municipal freedom is to leave only the ghosts of Municipal Concils, for ghosts only would remain if all important functions were taken from these bodies. Then what wns the i4dical principle -of the Publio'YWorks sohemos No one was found to argue t at special help was not necessary in some districts to facilitate the develop ment of their capabilities, nor even that the whole colony was not interested in thit development. But what was not necessary was that the Ministerial scheme should put every aided or eve~ry hungry district completely under the thumb of Ministers, to be recompensed with a smaller or larger subsidy just as they gave less or more effective support by their representatives in Parliament to keepMinistersin theirplaces. Thoschmen was a huge bribe to be got at last from the pockets of the peoplo to be bribed, a bribe, to them to surrender themselves to the liberality of the Government which was to become all in all. And in the same spirit of engrossment wo saw bodies swept out of existence which, with all their defects, had never been half so defective as the Executive in the management of the various benevolent institutions of the colony supported from public funds; indicating charactoris tically what also would have boon the fate of our Municipal bodies, could they as easily have been got rid of. But will Mr Kennerloy and his col leagues carry out the menace of renewing in 1875 the baflled attempt of 18741 Will they persist in the project of emas culating the municipal bodies and then wiping them out of existence alto gether 1 We incline to think they will now hesitate, and for this reason :-To one principle we believe they never I will be found untrue;-and it is plea sant to do justice to an enemy !-they never will fail knowingly in loyalty to I the supreme principle of avoiding a risk of loss and place. The fine in stincts of the Attorney-General would recoil from the task of drafting a bill to suppress local self government, if he only perceived that the wind blow adversely to a policy, of this kind. Wisdom, as defined by Bacon, is of various kinds, including ".wisdom for one's self," in which particular kind no one can have over discovered Mr Giblin to be deficient. - Two or three weeks since -we referred to the financial prosperity of New South Wales as disclosed at -the opening of a session of Parliament summoned for the despatch of business, which was urgent, previous to a dissolution and the as sembling of a now Parliament. A few days afterwards as a local journal informs us " the Colonial Treasurer delivered a .Budget speech glowing with promise; the political atmosphere was clear and bright, and there seemed to be some grotnd for the hope that good work would be done even in the last session of an expiring Parliament. Since then a cloud has arisen, a storm has burst, Parliament has boon prorogued without oven the passing of a temporary vote of supply," and a dissolution ' has come considerably before it was expected. It is butran illustration of the glorious un certainty of politics as of many other things. The present state of affairs has been brought about by the release of the notorious bushranger Gardiner some time ago. It will be remembered that during the previous session when it'L became known that this ruffian's sentence was to be re mitted on condition of his leaving the 'colony, and that similar clemency was to be extended to other malefactors, a feeling of wide-spread dissatisfaction was evinced throughout the length and breadth of the colony, and the exercise of this prerogative was freely commented on in Parliament itself. In the Assembly the Colonial Secretary :disclaimed all responsibility in the matter, said he had never given any advice to the Governor who had acted on his own responsibility, and he intimated that if he had boon consulted hoewould not have boon favor able to so early a remission. The policy of pardoniing Gardiner was, however, in the latter stages of the discussion openly defended by.:the, Government, while it was strongly condemned by members on both sides of the Assembly, and a formal expression of opinion would have lbeen entered on the records,' had not the motion in favor thiereof.beon .lost by the casting vote of the Speiker.1.: But there; is no doubt.' it would have been carried . by a largo majority, if party considerations had not pro vaildd. The' public excitement, how over, increased, and 'numerous .moot ings, were heold and petitions >adopted protestiig against the release of Gardiner. The press of the colony was also almost .unanimous in condemning it. Inl conse quence of this exhibition of public fooling, the-i Governor proceeded to review his decision, and to enquiro whether anything had, arisen to justify the violation of a promise by which the faith of the Crown had been pledged. He came to the con elusion that there was nothing to justify him in adopting such a course, and gave his reasons to the Executive Council in the form of a minute. This was laid before Parliament last Eession by -the Government on the very day of proroga tion. 'In that minute the Governor I tlcclared that if he were to break the promiseuthat had been given it would be "simply in response to clamour which he believedao be unreasonable and ir just." 'Nodoubt Ministers thought they were doing a smart thing when they thus 'tabled1 this minute, and that while they were dealing a blow at their 'opponents, it would snot be returned, but would be almost. forgotten when Parliament ro-as somblod. 'Not so, however. The contents of the mimute, and the manner in which it was., 'produced, provoked great indignation at the time, and members nursed their wrath until the next session, when the earliest opportunity was taken to bring tho subject forward. Ministers were obliged to accept the responsibility of, the minute, the production of which. was condemned even by some of I their own supporters on 'constitutional grounds. The Administration was charged with trying to fight behind the Governor's shield-with maneuvring in this manner in order to answer argu ments advanced by members against the release of Gardiner, and at the same time to rebuke them. It was argued that in thus making the Governor as it were a partizan of Ministers-a mouth piece todealoutconsure to their opponents they were sapping the foundations of the constitution, ,destroying the indepen deuce of Parliameit, and endeavouring to overawe its' freodom of speech. A motion in the Assembly fora committee of the whole to t ko the minute into consideration was reed to by 28 votes to 20, and in com ittee the following resolutions were canried by 28 votes to 27-"1.That this committee regrets that the Governor should have boon advised to communicate to the Assembly His Excellency's minute to the Executive Council, dated the 28rd of June last, with reference to the release, of the prisoner Gardiner; because it is inde fensible in certain 'of its allegations, and because, if iti_ is :nsidored to ,boeann answer to the respectful and earnest poti. tions of the public, Fit is highly undo sirable to 'convert the records' of this House. into 'a means of conveying censure or reproof to.our. constituents; and if it refers to the discussions in this Chamber, then it is in spirit and effect a breach of the constitutional privileges of Parliament. 2. That this resolution be communicated by address to His Ex colleney the Governor." On the House resuming, a motion, for the adoption of the report was negatived by the casting vote of the Speaker, but Mr Parkes Sc. copted it as a want of confidence mo. I tion carried, remarking that it was as direct and as severe a censure upon the Administration as could possibly be proposed. At his instance the House adjournedand subsequently a dissolution took place, and now the ,elections ard proceeding vigorously in order that the now Parliament may moet early in the I ensuing year. The Opposition acted very properly in censuring the Government for adopting the course they did in the pioduction of the minute. Such a course was con. stitutionally unsound. But the Oppo. sition themselves went too far in the foregoing reaolution. We agree with I the S. M. Herald, when it says-"The I minute ought not to have boon taken into consideration. It is out' of place for, the Assembly to censure the Go. vernor-as much so (as wis fairly re marked by one hon. member) as for the Governor to censure .the. House. All that was suitable under the circum stances on the part of the House was a protest against the introduction of the Governor's opinions in a way adapted to influence the decision of the Assembly and to destroy that harmbnious co. oporation which is only satisfactorily re, alised when each part of the Consti tution moves within its proper sphere." 