THE TEAIIi OP THE SERPENT, WOK THE FIFTH. THE DUMB DETECTIVE. CHAPTER L THE COUNT DP. M.VROLLK8 AT DOME. nv THE AUTHOR OY "Lmbj Audfa/a Sccret," "Aurora Boyd" The denizens of Friar-street and such localities, being in tho habit of waking in the morning to tho mlour of melted tallow and boiling soap, mid of going to sleep at ni^ht with the smell of burning bones under their noses, can of course have nothing of hh cktcrnal nature in common with the inhabitants of Park L-ino and its vicinity; for the grati- fication of whose olfactory norv.is exotics live short and unnatural lives, on staircases, in boudoirs, and in conservatories of rich plateglass andj fairy architecture, where perfumed -waters play in gilded fountains through the long summer days. It might lw imagined, then, that the. common griefs and vulgar sorrows—such as hopeless lovo and torturing jealousy, sickness, or death, or madness, or despair—would lie also famished from the regions of Park I-ane, and entirely confined to the purlieus of Friarstreet Any person with a proper sense of the fitness of things would of course conclude this to be the iase, and would as soon picture my lady the Duchess of Mayfair dining on red herrings and potatoes at the absurd hour of one o'clock p.m., or folackleading her own grate with her own alabaster fingers, as weeping over the death of her child, or breaking her licail for her feitldess husband, just like Mrs. Stiggins, potatoc and coal merchant on a suiall scale, or Mre. Higgins, whose, sole revenues come from " Jtangling done here." And it does seem hand, oh my brethren, that thero should be any limit to the magic power of gold 1 It may exclude bad airs, foul scents, ugly sights, and jarring sounds; it may surround its |Kjssessors with beauty, grace, art, luxury, and so-called pleasure *, but it cannot shut out death or care: for to these stern visitors Mayfair and St. Giles's roust alike open their reluctant doors whenever the dreaded guests may bo pleased to call. You do not send cards for your morning concerts, or fetes cluimpotrcs, or thes dmisantes, to Sorrow or Sadness, oh noble duchesses and countesses; but have you never seen their taces in the crowd when you least looked to lueet them 1 Through the foliage and rich blossoms in the conservatory, and through the white damask curtains of the long French window, the autumn sunshine comes with subdued light into a boudoir on the second floor of a large house in Park Lane. The velvet-pile carpets in this room aud the bedchamber and dressing room adjoining, arc made in imitation of a mossy ground on which autumn leaves luive fallen ; so exquisite, indeed, is the design, that it is difficult to think that the light breeze which enters at the open window caiuiot sweep away the fragile leaf, which seems to Sutter in the sun. The walls are of the palest cream-color, embellished with enamelled ]>ortraits of Louis tho Sixteenth, Marie Antoinette, [Madame Klizabeth, aud the unfortunate boy prisoner of the Temple, let into the oval panels of the four sides of tho room. Everything in this apartment, though perfect in form and color, is subdued and simple; there are none of the buhl and marqueterie c ibinets, the artificial flowers, ormolu clocks, French prints, aud musical boxes which might adorn the boudoir of an opera-dancer or the wife of a parvenu. The easy-chairs aud luxurious .sofas um made of a polished white wood, and are covered with wliite damask. On the marble mantelpiece then; are two or three vases of the purest and most classical forms; aud these," with Caudva*g bust of Napoleon, are the oidy ornaments in the room. Near the tire-place, in which burns a small fire, there is a table loaded with books, French, ! English, aud Gorman, the newest publications of the day ; hut they are tosSod in a great heap, as if tlloy hod one by one been looked at and! ciwi OBid^ unread.. By this table there Is a lady fieatod, vfliose beautlftil face is rendered still more striking by the simplicity of her black dress. . ' . This lady is Valerie de Lancy, now Couhtess de Marolles ; for Monsieur Marolles has expended fioWo part of his wife's fortune npotf , certoin.&tattes; in, the' sorfthjpf Fhrtieb which 1 give Cdunt <le jMjarolics. A luckyimuy this Raymond Marolles. A bcautlful ! *t'ifc, ft itltlft, and An immense fortune are no such poor pM>is In thc Idttefcy of life, JJut tUpJ&yppftft; 8 ft; mini, Jlikgp^o tend his poBsessioi^jf i^ ^outU^^enca he has established himself as a banker on a j ' laijjc scale, Knglundwith his wife aud son, for the purpose of establishing a brunch of this bank in Loudon. Of course,, u mini with his aristocratic connections and enormous fortune is inspected and tl^^tui^t ctf ^ ^ America. " Light years have taken nothing from the beauty of Valerie tie. Muroiios. The dark eyes haVe tho same, fire, the proud head the same haughty graec; but'alone and in repose tho lace, has a shadow of deep and settled sadness that is painful to look upon, for it is the. gloomy sadness of despair. 'J'hc world in which this woman lives, which knows her only as the. brilliant, witty, vivacious, and sparkling Parisian, little dreams that she talks because she dare not think ; that she is restless and vivacious because she dare not be still; that she hurries from place to place in pursuit of pleasure and excitement because only in excitement, and in n life which is as false aud hollow us themirth she assumes, cau she fly from the phantom which pursues her. 0 shadow that will not be driven away 1 (1 pale, aud pensive ghost, that rises before us in every hour ami in every scene, to mock the noisy and tumultuous revelry which, by the rule of opposite*, we call Pleasure !—which of us is free from your hauuting presence, O phantom, whose name is The Past 1 Yaierie is not alone ; a little boy, between seven and eight years of age, is standing at her knee, reading aloud to her from a bypk of fables. ' A frog beheld an ox " ho began. Rut as he read the lirst words the door of tho boudoir opened, and a gentleman entered, whose pale fair face, blue eyes, light eyelashes, and dark hair and eyebrows proclaimed him to be the husband of Valerie. ' Ah," he said, glancing with a sneer at the Iwy, who lifted his dark eyes for a moment,, and then dropped them on his book with an indifference that bespoke little love for the new-comer, "you are teaching your child, madame. Teaching him to read ! Is not that an innovation ? The boy has a line voice, and the ear of a maestro. Let him learn the solfeggi, and very likely one of these days he wfll be as great a man as " Valerie looks at him with the old contempt, tho old icy coldness in her face. " Do you want anything ofluethis morning, monsieur?" she asked. " Xo, madame. Having the entire command of your fortune, what can I ask? A smile? Kay, mat lame; you keep your smiles for your son; aud again, they are so cheap in London, the smiles of beauty." • Tiugu, uifn^gr, smcc^qu^^u^JwUiii^g at my hands, may I ask why' you insuli me with your presence " You teach your son to respect—his father, madame," said Kaymoiul with a sneer, throwing himself into an easy-chair opposite Valerie. " You set the future Count de Marolles a good example. lie will be a model of iilial piety, as you aw of " "Do not fear, Monsieur de Marolles, but that one day 1 shall teach my son to respect his father ; fear rather lest I teach him to avenge " " Kay, madame, it is for you to fear tliat." During thewhole of this briefdiaiogue,tho little boy has held his mother's hand, looking with his serious eyes anxiously in her face. Young as he is, thero is a courage in his glance' and a look of firmness in his detowaijied under-lip that promises well for the future. Valerie turns from the cynical fuce of lior husband, and lays a caressing hand on the boy's dark ringlets. I)o those ringlets remind her of ,any other dark JiairJ, Ito any oUier -eyefi look out in the light of those she gazes at now? " You were good enough to ask me just now, madame, the purport of my visit; your discrimination naturally suggesting to you thwt there is nothing so remarkably attractive in the society to be found in these apartments, infantine lectures in words of one syllable included"—ho glances towards tho boy as he speaks, and the cruel blue eyes are never so cruel us when they look that way—"tis to induce me to, enter them without some purpose or other-" " Perhaps monsieur >vill bo .so good as to be brief in stating tliat purpose 1 He may imagine, tliat being entirely devoted to my sjfii, I do not choose to have his studies, or even his amusements, interrupted." o You firing ^v yoiHig"i*33mit Atiu&viW; like a prince, madame. It is something to have side. good blood' .'•«M-.! 1 in one's veins, . even on one If she could hiive killed him with a look of those bright dark eyes, he would have Mien dead as }|o spoke ,ttoe w;ojds that struck pile jjy one,at; her hroken heart. He kney r his powerj ,he Ji^,>yhereiii it laj'i mid to 'use itr-nanu, 1|? loved; fa. Mpniul. her because, though ho had won wealth and rank froin her, he had never conquered her, and he that even ui her d-espair she defied liim. H«|Tou,iw; ftVortsieur. Pray be bo kind us to say what brought you here, where I would not insjrityour^ood sense by wiving yisi^'J £ „ if t 4 Briefly then, nuulainc, . avraug(>meiits do not please' me. * *\Ve aro never known to quarrel, it is true; but wo rarely seen.to address each other, aud we are not olten seen in public together. Very well this in South America, where we were king and queen of our circle—here it will not do-. To say the least,: it is mysterious. The fashionable world is scandalous. People draw inferences—monsieur does not Jove madaiue, aud he married her for her money or, on tho other hand, madame does not love monsieur, but married him because she had some powerful motive for so doing. This will not do countess, A banker must he respectable, or j>eoj>le may bo afraid to trust him. J must be, what 1 am now called, the ' eminent banker;' and I must be uuiveisally trilsh-d." " That you may the better betray, monsieur; that is the, motive for winning people's con iidenec, in your code of moral economy, is it not i" " Madame is becoming a logician ; her argument by induction does her credit." " But, your business, monsieur} ( " " Was to signify my wish, madame, that we should be seeu oftener together in public. The Italian Oi>era, now, madame, though you have so groat a distaste for it—a distaste which, hy-thc-byc, you did not possess during the early |>eriod of your life—is a very popular K'soil. All the world will be there tonight, to witness the drlmt of a singer of continental celebrity. Perhaps you will do me tlie honor to accompany me there f " T do not tako any interest, monsieur " " In the fortunes of tenor singers. All, how completely we outlive the, foolish fancies of our youth ? But you will occupy the box on the grand tier ol' Her ^lajesty'** Theatre, which J. have taken for the seasuU. It is to your sou's —to Cherultiuo's interest, for you to" comply with my re.pui.st," He glances towards the buy once more, with a sneer on his thin lips, anil then turns mid bows to Valerie, as he says— " An rcvoir, madame. I sliall order the carriage for eight o'clock." A hoi'se, which at a sale at Tattersail's had attracted the attention of sdl the yotaiicsof the Corner, for the ]>erfection of his points and the mionuous price which he realized, c^iracoles before tho door, under the skilftd horseman- «hip of a well-trained and exquisitely-aj»|)ointod groom. Another horse, equally high-bred, waits for his rider, the Count de Marolles. The groom dismounts, and holds the bridle, as the gentleman emerges from tho door and springs into the saxldle. A consummate horseman the Count de Marolles ; a handsome man too, in spite of the rustless and shifting blue eyes and the thin nervous lips. His dress is perfect, just keeping pace with tho lksliion sufficiently to denote high ton in the wearer, without outstripping it, so sis to stamp him a parvenu. It has that elegant and studious giaco which to a casual observer, looks like carelessness, but which is in reality the perfection of the highest art of all—the art of concealing art. It is only twelve o'clock, aud those are not many people of any standing in Piccadilly this September morning; but of the few gentlemen on horseback who pass Monsieur dc Marolles, the most aristocratic-looking bow to him. He is well known in tiie great world as the eminent banker, the owner of a superb house in Park Lane. He possesses a man cook of Parisian renown, who wears the cross of the Legion of Honouiy givcu him by the first Napoleon oil the occasion of a dinner at Talleyrand's. He has estates in South America flifd in France ; a fortune, said to be boundless, and a lovely wife. For the rest, if his own patent of nobility is of rather fresh date, and if, as impertinent people gay, he never had a grandiiithcr, or indeed anything in the way of a father to speak of, it must he remembered that great men, since the days of mythic history, have been celebrated for being born in rather an accidental manner. But why a banker! Why, possessed of an enormous fortune, try to extend that fortune by speculation 1 That question lies between liaymoml do Marolles and his conscience. Perhaps there arc no bounds to the ambition of this man, who entered Paris eight years ago obscure adventurer, aud who, according to some an accounts, is now a millionaire. CHAPTER II. Mtt. PKTKK8 SERB A GHOST. Mr. Peters, pensioned off by Richard's mother with an income of a hundred pounds it year, has taken and furnished foe himself a small house hi a very small square siot' far front Mr. Darley's establishment, and rejoicing in the high-sounding address of Wellingtonsquare,, Waterloo-rood. Having done this, 1 he feels tliat lie lias nothing more to'do in life than to retire upon his laurels, aud enjoy tlio atium cum di^iitfitb 1^iM f 1itf lite tjatnfcd so him* *swo!iiW Ai^vii-or 01 course Sir Peters, as a single man, not by any po&iiiUrt;^o'/dTltfhi'wtn uiid" —having started an establishinent of his ownhe is no longer iu a positioa to be taken in and duyc for, the best thing he can do is to send |or| Kuppins; accordingly he does Bend for Kuppins. • • • Kuppins iB to be cook, housekeeper, laundress, aud parlor-maid all in one ; and she is to have ten pounds per annum, and her tea, sugar, aud huer—wages only known in Slop-, perton iu very high and aristocratic families where footmen are kept and no followers or Sundays out allowed. So ICuppins comes to Loudon, bringing'the "fondling" with her; and arriving at the Euston-square station at eight o'clock in the evening, is launched into the dazzling bewildering gaiety of the New-road. Well, it is not paved with gold certainly, this marvellous city; ami it is, maybe, on the whole, just a little muddy. But oh, the shops —wliat emporiums of splendour! What delightful excitement iu being nearly ruu over every minute!—to say nothing of that delicious chance of being knocked down hy the crowd which is collected round a drunken woman expostulating with a policeman. Of course thero must he a general election, or a great tire, or a man hanging, or a mod ox at large, or a murder just committed in the next street, or something wonderful going on, or there never could be, such crowds of excited pedestrians, and such tearing and rushing, and smashing of cabs, carts, omnibuses, ami pareoldelivcry vans, all of them driven by charioteers in the, last stage of iusauity, and drawn by horses as wild as that tunc-houourcd steed employed iu the artistic and poetical punishment of our old friend Mazeppa. Tottenham court-road ! What a magnificent promenade ! Occupied, of eoiu-se, by the houses of the nobility ! And is that magnificent establishment with the iron shutters Buckingham Palace or the Tower of London i Kuppins inclines to thinking it must be the Tower of London, because tlie iron shutters look so warlike, and are evidently intended as a inuaus of defence iu case of an attack from tho French. Kuppins is told by her escort, Mr Peters, that this is the emporium of Messrs. Shoolbred, haberdashers aud liiien-dwpers. She thinks slic must be dreaming, and wants to lie pinched and awakened before she proceeds any further. It is rather a trying journey for Mr Peters; for Kuppius wants to stop the cab every twenty yards or so, to get out and look at something in tliis wonderful Tottenham courtroad. But the worst of Kuppins, p^rligp^ds, that she has almost an insane desire to see that Tottcnluuu Court whencc Tottenham courts road derives its name; and when told that i them is no such place, and never was—leastways, never as Mr Peters heard of—she begins to thiuk London, in spite of all its glories, rather a take-in. Then, again, Kuppins is very much disappointed at not passing either Westminster Abbey or the Bank of England, which slit; had made up her luind were both situated at Charing Cross; and it was a little, trying for Air Peters to Ix; asked whether every moderate-sized church they passed was St. Paul's Cathedral, or every little bit-of dead Wll Newgate, To go over a. bridge, and for It not to be London llridge, but Waterloo Bridge, was in itself a mystery; hut to be told that the Shot-Toweron 4lie -&urrey; «ide was not the monument was too bewildering for endurance. As to the Victors. Wieatre, which was iHuiuinated to such a degree that the boxcntrancc seemed as a . pathway (to fairyland, Kuppins was so thoroughly assured in |icr own mind of its being |)mry .Lane and nothing else, unless, perhaps, the Houses of Parliament or Covont (Jarden—that no protestations on Mi Peter's fingers could root out tlie fiillacy. But the journey came to an end at last; and Kuppins, safe with bag and baggage at No. 17, Wellington-square, partook of real London saveloys and real London porter with Mr. Peters and tlio " fondling," in an elegant front , parlour, furnished with a brilliantly polished Cbut rather rickety Pcmbroke 'table, tliat was covered with a Royal Stuart plaid woollen, cloth; luilf-a-doKcii eaue-seated/cluiirs, sp aiew and highly.poM^as teJw the garments of the persqij stood then 1 .nature or properties "as to attempt to sit upon tlieiu'; a lCiddehninster carpet, iliu' pattern of which was of tho sizo adaptod to the' requirements of a town hall, but winch loolcid a little disproportionate to Mr Peters's apartment, two patterns and a quarter stretching the, entire length of the room ; and a mfuitdlpiuce ' ornamented with a looking-glass divided into throe compartments by gilded Corinthian pillars, and furtliar adorned /with hyo black velvet kittens, one at ioftck ijowier, and A particoloured velvet boy on a brown velvet donkey hjjthe centre. / The next morning Mr Peters aniibunftbd his intention of taking the "fondling" into tho city qf l^u^lou, for. the purpose of showing Jiiin the outside of St. Paul's, the Monument, Punch olid Judy, and other intellectual exliil)itioii8 adapted to liis tender years. Kuppins wis IbV stating tlion and there on a visit to th« pig-foced lady, than which magnificent creature she could not picture any greater XOiider in the whole metropolis; hut Kuppins had to stop at lioino in her post of housekeeper, imd to inspect and amiuge the domestic machinery of No. 17, Wellington-square. So the u fondling" being magnificently arrayed in a cleaii collar aiul a pair of boots tlrnt Averu too small for him, took hold of his protector's hand, and they sallied forth. If Anything, Punch and Judy horc off Hie palm in this young gentleman'!! judgment of the miracles of tin; big village. It was not so sublime a sight, perhaps, as the outside of St. Paul's; but, on the other hand, it was a great deal cleaner; and the "fondling" would have liked to have wen Sir Christopher Wren's mnsterpiaec picked out with a little fresh paint before he was called upon to admire it. The monument, no doubt, was very charming in the abstract; but unless he could liave been perpetually on the top of it, ond perpetually within a hair's breadth of precipitating himself on to the pavement below, it wasn't very much in his way. lint, Punch, with his delightfully original style of elocution, his overjwwerhigly comic domestic passages with Judy, and the dolefully funny dog with ft frill round his neck and an evident dislike for his profession—this, indeed, was an exhibition to be, seen continually, and to be more admired the more continually scon, as no doubt the "fondling" would have said had he liecn familiar with Dr. Johnson, which, it is to be hoped, for his own peace of mind, he wasn't. It is rather a trying day for Mr Peters, and he is not sorry when, at about four o'clock in the afternoon, he has taken the " fondling" all round the Dank of England—(that young gentleman insisting 011 peeling in at the great massive, windows, in the fond hope of setting the money)—and has shown him the broad h;u:k of the Old Lady of Threadiieedle-stivet, and the Clearing-house, and they ait; going out of Lombard-street, on their way to an omnibus which will take them home. JJut just as they are leaving the street the "fondling" makes a dead stop, and constrains Mr. Peters to do the same. Standing before the glass doors of a handsome building, which a brass plate announces tu be the " Aiiglo-Spauish-Amcric.au Bauk,' arc two horses, and a groom in faultless buckskins and tops. He is evidently waiting for some one. within the bank, and the " fondling" vehemently insists upon waiting too, to see the gentleman get on horseback. The good-natured detective consents; and they loiter about the pavement for some time before the glass doors am flung open by a white- neckclothed clerk, and a gentleman of rather foreign appearance emerges therefrom. There is nothing particularly remarkable in this gentleman. The fit of his pale lavender gloves is certainly exquisite; the. style of his dress is a recommendation to his tailor; but what there is in his appearance to occasion Mr. Pcters's holding on to a lamp-post it is difficult to say. lint Mr Peters did certainly cling to the nearest lamp-post, and did certainly turn as white as tlu) whitest sheet of paper that ever came out of ft stationer^ shop. The elegantlooking gentleman, who was no other than the Count tie Marollcs, had better occupation for his bright blue eyes than the observation of such small deer as Mr. Peters and the " fondling." He mounted his horse, and rode slowly away, quite unconscious of the emotion his appearance luul occasioned in the breast of thu detective. No sooner had he done so, than Mr. Peters, relinquishing the lamp- post and clutching the astonished "fondling," darted after him. In a moment he was in the crowded thoroughfare before Guildhall. An empty cab, passed close to them. He hailed it with frantic gesticulations, and sprang in, still! holding the "fondling." TheCount do Marollcs had to rein-in his horse for a moment from the press of cabs and omnibuses ; and at Mr. l'eters's direction the "fondling" pointed him out to thu cabman, with the emphatic injunction to, "follow that gent, and not to lose sight of linn nohow." The charioteer gives a nod, ciucks his whip, and drives slowly after the equestrian, who has .some, difficulty in making his way through Clieapsidc. The detective, whose complexion still wears a most striking affinity to writing-paper, looks out of the window, as if he thought the horseman they are i protector 'looks back nt"Mr. Peters, and evidently does not know what to make of the business. At lost his patron draws his, haul in at the window, and expresses himself upon his linger thus— " How can it he him, -when he's dead 1" This is beyond the " fondling's" comprehension, who evidently doesn't uudcrstaud the aim of the qiiei^ altogether like it for he says,—~ " Don't! Come, I say, don't, now." " How can it be him," continues Mr Peters, enlarging upon the question, " when I found lum. dead myself out upon that there heath, and took lain back to the station, and afterwards see him buried, which would have been between four cross ro"ds with a stake druv' if he'd poisoned himself fifty years ago!" This lather obscure speech is no mow to the " fondling's " lilting than the last, for he cries out more energetically than before, " I say, now, 1 tell you I don't like it father. Don't you try it on now, please. What does it mean t "Who's been dead iifty years ago, with a stake druv' through 'cm, and four cross roads on a heath t Who I Mr. Peters puts his head out of the window and directing the attention of the, " fondling " to the elegant equestrian they an; following says, emphatically, upon his fingers, "Him!" " Dead, is he said the " fondling," clingin very close to his adopted parent. "Dead and very well In; looks, eousiderin'; but," he continued, in an awful and anxious whisper, " where's the stake and the Jour cross roads as was druv' through him'! Does he wear that 'civ loose coat to hide 'em ?" Mr. Peters didn't answer this inquiry, but seemed to lie ruminating, and, if any one may be allowed the expression, thought aloud upon his fingers, JLS it was his habit to do at times. " There couldn't lie two men so much .dike, surely. That one 1 found dead was the one 1 saw at the public talkin' to the young woman and if so, this is another one, for that one. was •lead as sure ;is eggs is eggs. When eggs ceases to be eggs, which," continued .Mr Peters discom'sively, " considcrin' they're scllin* at twenty for a shilling, French, and dangerous, if vou'i-e not jnirtial to to young parboiled chickens, is not likely yet awhile, why, then, that one 1 found on the heath will come to life again." The "fondling" was too busy stretching his neck out of the window of the cab, in his eagerness to keep his eve UJMJU the Count de Marollcs, to pay any attention to Mr. Pcters's lingers. The outside of St. Pauls, and the performance of Punch and Judy, were very well in their way, but they were mild dissipa- tions indeed, compared to the delight of following a ghost which had had a stake driven through his phantasmal form wore lavender kid gloves. " 'Hi ere was one thing," continued the musing detective, " which struck nie as curious, when I found the body of that yoiiug gent. Where was the scar from the sovering as that young weman throwed at him! Why nowheivs ! Not a trace of it to lie seen, wliich I looked for it particular; and yet that cut wasn't one to leave a scar that would wear out in six months, nor vet in six years either. I've had my face, scratched myself, though I'm a single man and I know what that is to last, and the awkwardness one has to go through in saying tine's been playing with spiteful kittens and such-like. 15ut what's that to a cut half an inch deep from the sharp edge of a sovering! If I could but get to see his forehead- The cut was just over his eyebrow and I could see the mark of it with his hat on." While Mr. Peters abandons himself to such reflections as these, the cab drives on and follows the Count tie Marolles down Ludgate Hill, through l'leet-street and the Strand, Charing Cross and Pall Mall, St Jauies'sstrectand Piccadilly, till it comes up with him at the corner of Park Lane. "This," says Mr. Peters, "where the swells live. Yerv likely he hangs out here ; he's a-ridin' as if lie Aras goin' to stop presently, so, we'll get out." Whereupon the "fondling'" interprets to the. cabman Mr. Pcters's wish to that effect, and they alight from the vehicle. The dctectivc's surmise is correct. The Count stops, gets off his horse, and throws the reins to the groom. It happens at this very moment that an open carriage, in which two ladies are seated, passes on its way to the Grosvcnor Gate. One of the ladies bows to the South-American banker, and as he lifts his hat in returning her salute, Mr. Peters, who is looking at nothing particular, sees very distinctly the, scar which is the sole memorial of that public-house encounter on the banks of the Slushy. As Raymond throws the reins to the groom he says, " I shall not ride again to- day, Curtis. Tell Morgan to have the Countess's carriage at the door at eight for the opera." Mr. Peters, who doesn't seem to be a person blest with the faculty of hearing, but who is, to all appearance, busily engaged in drawing the attention of the " fondling" to the architectural beauties of Grosvcnor Gate, may! nevertheless take due note of this remark. The elegant banker ascends the stops of his house, at the Jiall-door of which stand gorgeous and obsequious flunkeys, whose liveries and legs alike fill with admiration the juvenile miud of the " fondling." t», tut they walkaways ^ ^ hist, M'hcn they luivc got halfway down Piccadilly, ho has recourse, once more to his lingers, and addresses his young friend thus: " What did you think of him, Slosh 1" " Which," says the " fondling ;" " the cove in the red velvet breeches as opened the door, or the. swell ghost f * " The swell." " Well, I think he's uncommon handsome, and very easy in his manners, all things taken into consideration," said that elderly juvenile with deliberation. " Oh, you do, do you Slosh ?" Slosh repeats that he does. Mr. Peter's gravity increases every moment. " Oh, you do, do you, Slosh !" he asks again, and again the boy answers. At last, to the considerable inconvenience of the passers-by, the detective makes a dead stop, and says, " I am glad you think him lian'some, Slosh ; and I'm glad you thinks him easy, which, all things considered, he is, uncommon. In fact, I'm glad lie meets your views as far as personal appearance goes, because, between you and me, Slosh, that man's your father." It is the boy's turn to hold on to the lamppost now. To have a ghost for a father, and, as Slosh afterwards remarked, "a ghost as wears polishy boots, and lives in Park-lane, too," was enough to take the breath out of anv boy, however preteruaturally elderly and superhuuianly sharp his police-office, experiences may liave made him. On the whole, the " foiulling" bears the shock very well, shakes off the effect of the information, aud is ready for more in a minute. " 1 wouldn't have you mention it just now, you know, Slosh," continues Mr Peters, " because we don't know what he may turn out, ami whether he may quite answer our purpose in the parental line. There's a little outstanding matter between me and him that I shall have to look him up for. f may want y«inr help : and if 1 do, you'll give it faithful, won't you Slosht" " Of course 1 will," said that young gentleman. " Is there any reward out for him, father (" He always t ailed Mr. Peter's father, and wasn't prepared to change, his habit in deference to any ghostly phenomenon in the way of a parent suddeuly turning up in Lombard- street. " Is there any reward out for hiiu !" he asks, eagerly ; " bankers is good for something in the levanting line, L know, nowadays." Tlie dctective looked at the boy's sliarp thin features with a scrutinising glance common to men of his profession. " Then you will serve me faithful, if I want you, Slosh i I thought i>erliaps you might let family interests interfere with business, you know." " Xot a bit of it," said the youthful enthusiast " I'tl Jiang m v grandmother for a sovering, and the pride of cutchiug her, if she was a downy one." "Chips of old blocks is of the same wood, and it's only reasonable then! should be a similarity in the grain," mused Mr. Peters, as he and the " foiulling" rode home iu an omnibus. " I'd thought I'd make him a genius, but I didn't know there was such a under-current, of his father. It'll make him the. glory of his profession. Soft-hearted ness has been the ruin of many a detective as has had the brains to ] work out a deep-laid game, but not the heart to carry it through." (To be continued). 