LONG ODDS. By Marcus Clarke. Chapter V. A WEDDING GIFT. WHEN Mrs Manton arose the morning after the proposals of her lodger had taken place, she arose with a thrill of delight, and while un- twisting her curl papers (she had the most spiral and natural curls in the world), she thought of the Paradise that was opening be fore her. "Of course I shall live with Carry," slid able. "or Chatters must be rich. It's all very fine to live retired, but when gentlemen get letters with coronet on the envelopes, they must be something, I suppose he's had a quarrel with his family and wants to let it blow over, I'll De out all about him now at all events. Carry's made a match of it, and no mistake! but he's a weak- minded feller, and might draw back when he's cooler. I'll go and talk to him to-day," and so she did. Cyril had breakfasted in a somewhat curious fashion, Maria Jane, who brought up the tea things, smiled and giggled in a curious way that ruffled his nerves considerably, " What did Maria Jane want with his affairs?" He felt half angry with himself and gulped down his tea as though that cheering but universe ting beverage could drown the distrust that would keep rising in his throat. He looked round the room, and made mental comparisons between his " den" at Christ- church; and then his thoughts flew back to the well-lighted' breakfast room at Matcham, with his price father at one end of the snowy table, and Kate at the other Kate! he thought of a scene in the park last spring, when she *' Como in 1" A timid knock broke his reverie, and the door opening disclosed Miss Carry, blushing like a rose, and looking bewitching in her rustling morning dress. Kate was forgotten in an instant. "My darling Carry!" and the sordid little room straightway became a palace. It may perhaps be doubted by some of you, that Caroline was really in love with her affianced husband. I think that she was Re- member that she never had been in love before ; that Cyril was handsome, talkative, and her superiors and also that with most young girls the first who talks of love is the first one to awaken it. ,, For the time she was very happy. Naturally she thought of dresses and jewels, and other matters, but still she remembered that the young man at her side was the good genius who was to give her all these fine things, and she loved him accordingly. So the pair sat side by side on the sofa, and cooed like turtle doves. By-and-by Mrs Manton in imperial splendor of cap ribbons, entered without knocking. This little familiarity annoyed Cyril. It was the first tug of the chain. *' Don't disturb yourself, my dear," says she, seating herself with ponderous grace in one of the arm-chairs, and then she tittered. Cyril blushed hot crimson. " Good morning I" said he, and arose, under pretence of lighting his pipe. (He could not bear that he should be caught love-making.) " Do you object to my smoking ?" " Not a bit, my boys rather like it." Cyril struck a match angrily. Would nothing move the woman ? He scowled pettishly. The match went out. - Carry tripped across the room and Sighted another for him, with a coquettish look. His brow cleared, and he kissed her on the forehead. Mrs Manton looked out of the window and smiled. "She can twist him round her little finger!" thought she. W * * * * *' # Cyril went down to the Mercury office two days afterwards. " I say, Mister," said he, " I suppose you won't have much doing for a week or so?" "Why?" "Why, I want a holiday. I haven't been very well lately, and-" "Oh, of courao?whenever you like," returned Blister, who rather pitied the prodigal whom he had helped to. ruin j " and, if you want any money, old fellow-" " No, thank you. I received my allowance last week, and I have been economical lately." Enter Mr Rupert Dacre. " Ha, Cyril I You're not looking well." " No? going to take a holiday for a week or two," says Blister. " Quite right.. I'm going out of town, too." ''Oh, indeed!" "Down to LonmBhire." Cyril turned away. " I will send you up that matter to-night, Blister, and shall be back again in a fortnight." "Wait a minute," says Rupert, " I'm going down the street." So the two men went out together, " Have you heard from Matcham, Chatteris f" asked Rupert, after a pause. " No. I get my interest regularly paid, and that is all I ever hear of them, returned Cyril, bitterly. "I am going down there to-morrow." "Oh! (A pause,) You needn't say that you met me." Dacre (aside). That means, "I wish you would tell them that you met me." (Aloud). Oh, no of course not Cyril. I think I shall go down to Brighton for a day or two. I want some fresh air. Dacre (mentally). Brighton in September! I wonder what is the matter with him. (Aloud). Yes a capital place. Fine and breezy just now. Well, then, you've no messages ? Cyril. Norweb! You might tell Fred, if you see him, that I am all right, you know. He's at Kirkminstor, isn't he Dacre. Yes. He wrote to me yesterday, telling me some nonsense about a garrison steeplechase. I hate racing across country myself. Cyril (who is thinking of something else.) Sey, of course. Dacre (suddenly). Hello! Who's that in the cab ? A hackney cab was preparing to drive up to the kerb. A fat old woman and pretty young one were inside it. The front seat was loaded with parcels, They had been shopping, evidently. " The little one is making signs to you," says a Dacre. Cyril blushed, and looked confused. " Yes," said he. " A little friend of mine Excuse me." Oh, of course, my dear boy," returned i Dacre, with a laugh. Cyril went across to the club, opened the door | and got in. I b" Rupert watched it turn the corner. " She is a very pretty girl, whoever she is," thought he. "I wonder what the boy is up to P Brighton in September hand! Well, I suppose I shall know by- and-by. Hero, cabby Brook street." So Mr Rupert Dacre went his ways to Matchom. Cyril was fairly in the toils. The two ladies had decided that the marriage should take place instantly. They wished, indeed, that it should be a public matter; that numerous bridesmaids should attend; that a big cake should be made; that Don-street should be awakened by the glory of Hymen; that carriages should stand before the Mautonian door; and that Cyril should be led in triumph at his wife's chariot wheels. Carry, indeed, had visions of St. George's, and paragraphs in the Morning Post. But these dramas were rudely dispelled by Chntteris. " We will got married as quietly as possible," said he, with an angry flush rising on his face; and Mrs Manton, who had found out by this time that, however weak and pliable her son-in-law might be, he had a " temper of his own," wisely gave way. She had sense enough to see that the marriage was too good a thing to be thrown away, and that if she. leant upon the matrimonial reed too heavily., it would brook, and pierce her hand. Cyril had determined upon his course of action. He would get married quietly, and go away to Boulogne for a week or so'. Then return and work hard for his bread, and perhaps become a great author. Young men are always sanguine, and the leader-writer for the Mercury saw no possible obstacle to his success as a litterateur. Having made his name, he would return to Matcham, shake off the dust from his literary foot against the place, and prove that he could live upon his own resources. Meanwhile Carry was shopping with all the ardour of a youthful Commancho on his first war-trail. It was extraordinary how many things were necessary to her now, that had been regarded as utterly useless or unobtainable be fore. Cyril danced attendance on his future bride at all the shops in Oxford-street. Regent street " counter-hands" know him well, and the cabmen at the stand in Dyer-street pricked up their ears when they sow his figure approaching. Mr Paul Rendlesham, the poverty-stricken curator of the Hon. and Rev. St. Vere Simeon, was the man chosen to perform the ceremony, and the usual tax upon matrimony in the shape of a license for was paid in due course. The eventful day arrived. Carry prayed hard that some of her female acquaintances might be present to witness her triumph, but the inexorable Cyril refused. " You don't love me, City-rd," says she. Cy cyril shrugged his shoulders. "My darling girl, be reasonable. What do we want with all those confounded women ?" " Well, but to be married in such a quiet way, with nobody by." " It appears to me, my dear girl, that you marry me, not your bridesmaids," says Cyril, with a touch of sarcasm in his tone. "Oh, Cyril!" " There, that will do. Upon my word, Carry, you are very unreasonable." Carry saw that it was no use to quarrel, so she gave up the contest, and was kissed and consoled. The wedding took place. One solitary hour ney cob was all the splendor permitted. Mrs Manton stayed at home to look after the dinner, and Cyril and Carry went off alone. They were to start for Folkestone that afternoon, and to return to Dym-steoot.in a fortnight's time. The ceremony was performed by Mr Rendlesham to the edification (it is to be hoped of a pew opener and of those nameless and curious persons who always attend weddings, and who, sitting in the gallery, nudge each other furtively and comment on the appearance of the bride. ? Carry was weeping and laughing, and smiling all at once, and Cyril was rather oppressed than otherwise. He was nervous as to the results of the step he was taking. All the morning he had felt in a bad humor, and had he the courage would have run away from his bride altogether. Yet a look from her was enough torivcthischainsaguin, and when he passed out of the church with his wife upon his arm, and heard a stuffy old woman say, " what a pretty girl to be sure I" he felt a thrill of pride and pleasure. They reached home. The instant the cab stopped the door was opened. Cyril led his wife into the hall, Mrs Manton appeared hurriedly, but instead of embracing her daughter, she made straight for Cyril. "Here's a telegram sent down from the Mercury office," cries she. " The boy said it was immediate.' I hope nothing's wrong, Mr Chatters t" . Cyril opened the envelope. To CraiL Chattebis, Mercury Office, Fleet-street. TO BE FORWARDED. Steeplechase. Fred injured. Lose no time. RttPUBT Dance. He turned polo. A rapid vision flashed before him. A falling horse his brother crushed and dying funerals reconciliation, and a now heir to Matcham. A now heirs His breath coming quickly. " What is it, Cyril darling ?" He looked down upon his wife. Her soft eyes were full of tears, and her hand trembled. She looked the embodiment of love and pity. The news of his fortune (for such it seemed to him) was on his lips. "Lor, Mr Cyril, what's the matter? Why, you're as pale as a ghost ?" The vulgar accents grated upon his ear. He thought of Lady Loughborough and Kate, and crushed the paper in his hand convulsively. A second vision of Mrs Manton at Matcham? came before him. "Nothing nothing!" said he; " only a business matter. I shall have to go down to the office at once." "Oh, Cyril!" ' , Cyril was touched by his wife's cry. She clung to him alarmed. " Never mind, my dear child. I shall be back soon; and he pressed his lips to hers. Had she been alone, he would have told her all, but the die was cast now. Carry was in tears. Mrs Manton took her in her arms. " Go to the office now, Mr Charteris!" she cried. But Cyril had jumped into the wedding cab and had driven off. ? ? * * * * # That night a dirty faced boy brought a letter to Dora-street, for Mrs Charters." Mr Darling Cabbage find that urgent business will take me into the country for a day or two. It costs me much to leave you at such a time, but I cannot help it. Do not be alarmed, my darling, I shall be back soon, and then I will explain it all to you. God bless you, my darling wife, Your loving husband, Cyril. . Chapter VI. TIBET LINES. There was death in the house! Most of us, alas ! can realise the full meaning of the phrase. It means that servants step softly, that voices are subdued, that blinds are drawn down, that flowers do not smell so sweetly, that the sun does not shine so brightly, that books seem to have lost their power to charm, that pictures seem to have lost their coloring; that those - matters that were of such importance yesterday are now without interest; that we are removed by a great gulf from our passions, joys, and sorrows of twelve hours back, that a leaden weight is upon our hearts; that a veil is drawn between us and God's heaven that all our slighting words, or unkind actions towards him who was our brother yesterday, rise up like reproachful phantoms to haunt us for ever, and that? most cruel of all? the world without ? is eating and drinking, buying and selling, marrying and giving in marriage, without a thought of us, or for our sorrow. There was death at Matcham. Despite Mr Saville Ohuttoris being the most gentlemanly of mortals, and the staunchest of Conservatives, that audacious Radical who rides on the polo horse of universal equality, had paid him a visit and taken his son away on troupe. Poor Fred! He was the last person that should have been so remorselessly levelled by the keen sickle of the cooper. A gay, good-humored, care less fellow, with a tolerable seat on a horse, some success among silly women of the milliner sort and a firm belief in his own abilities what should he do in that Valley where Death and the Lady throw dice for the souls of men ? He was heir to Matcham, lieutenant in a dragoon regiment, five and twenty years of age was killed! by the full of his horse, was buried at Matcham churchyard, and the passionless tide of life flows on over his grave without so much as a Finale. of Apart from the natural shock attendant upon his sudden removal nobody regretted him much. The verdict of the service in general was, "Poor Fred Chatters is killed I see! Horse fell with him of a steeplechase. Nothing like blood for going across country. Sabrotascho, ring for another ' peg.' " Lady Loughborough Bred some natural tears, but wiped them sooner than usual, and though she kept her room, and affected a low tone of voice, as suitable to the " sad accident to poor dear Fred," she was not absolutely overcome with grief. Kate was, physically, the most affected of anybody. She was so close to him when he fell, had been brought up with him from childhood, and felt that natural horror of sudden and violent deaths which all persons of exuberant vitality must feel; but even she was merely physically grieved. Mr Saville Chatteris was chief mourner. He had never discovered how much he had loved his son till he saw him dead of his feet. He had regarded the young man as a work of art created by his own hands, and which was to reflect honor upon the artist. But as the coffin slowly disappeared into the vault, he felt that it con- ?' i rained much that was left to him of earthly | ; happiness and he suffered more than his cold, i proud nature would permit him to express. Cyril j i had arrived the day after the accident, and iii i i his inmost heart was the least sorrowful of nil | the party. Even Mr Rupert Dacre, who had been requested by the master of the house to i ' remain until his surviving son arrived, was more i : affected at the matter than Cyril; that is to say, he seemed to be so; for the budding dip- I botanist was fond of confessing the soft im- peachment of " materialism," and would argue with his select friends, concerning the imports- j bility of everything he did not understand, and would avow, with a playful wave of his cigar, " that, for his part, he saw nothing more of in a dead man than a lump of clay, you know." On this occasion, however, he found it politic to dismiss these conclusions, and was us con- solatory as his nature permitted him to be. During the administering of those consolations, he found time to watch the bearing of the various persons around him, and more especially that of the now heir. " He is strangely preoccupied about something," thought Dacre. " He has got something on his mind, I expect. Debts, perhaps; but that should give him no uneasiness now. It can't be affection for his brother for I don't think that the fellow cared much about him, or anybody else but himself." Mr Rupert Dacre was wrong. It was not himself that Cyril was thinking of. It was of his wife. Should he tell his father, and risk another breach of filial and paternal peace of They had been reconciled now, at least as far as outward seeming went. The old man was frigidly polite to his returned prodigal, and requested him to issue instructions touching several domestic matters, a request which Cyril construed into a tacit recognition of his rights as heir, but as yet no fatted calf had literally or allegorically been killed. Kate had witnessed this negative reconciliation in wondering pity. Cyril appeared so careworn, too. He was unusually silent and distrait. Everyone but Mr Rupert Dacre being for the present in mental sackcloth and ashes, this was permitted to pass unregarded, but the quick eyes of loving Kate detected at once that her cousin had something else on his mind beside grief for his brother. Two days after the funeral, Cyril found he could bear the suspense no longer. In the first place he longed to see his wife, in the second he was ill at babe in the gloomy house, and with his prevailing selfishness, he wished to quit all that reminded him of sorrow or pain. Then, his father had given him no clue to the course be intended to pursue' with regard to him. "He will never leave me to starve upon two hundred pounds a year," thought he; but then, what would he wish him to do ? To give up the Mercury, of course. His vanity revolted at the notion, To come and live at Mitcham ? Perhaps; but then what should he do with Corry ? To study for the bar at London ? That would be feasible enough ; he could then conceal his marriage. Yet, it must be confessed some time or other. After MR father's death ? Saville Chatteris was healthy and vigorous and might live for years. It would be better to confess at once and "have it over." He would door. As he turned to go to the library, he met a tl j servant with a tray containing Lady Lough, borough's afternoon tea," (her ladyship choon ing to keep her apartments during the period of mourning). Instantly a vision arose before him. Mrs Manton, in curls and cap ribbons, rubbing one fat hand over the other do she curtseyed to her son-in-law's aunt, was visible in his mind's eye, and he turned back again. I will get rid of that villanous old woman, and then I will bring Carry down here," said he and, somewhat calmed by this reflection, he walked out on to the lawn, and lighting a cigar as he went, strolled down towards the shrubbery. There had been a shower in the morning, and the watery, gray rain-clouds were not hanging over distant Kirkminstcr; but Matcham woods were in their glory, rich with autumn tints and bathed in autumn sunset. One long streak of crimson barred the western sky; but the windows of the house were all ablaze and reflected light; in many turrets, gables, and buttresses were distorted with every variety of shadow. The air was delicate and pure, the birds chirruped aud'twiUered among distant orchard branches and with an incessant and melancholy cawing a black line of rocks Uappod heavily homewards athwart the pure golden sky. The hour and the place were favorable to musing, and Mr Rupert Dacre was extended at full length on a bench in the beech tree walk, listening with half shut eyes to the silvery and intermittent chiming of the far-off cathedral bells. "Ah Cyril!" and the two young men sat down together. Cyril looked round upon the soft landscape,, up into the pure heaven, down on to the bed and mossy gravel, and then up again into his companion's face. He saw only the sunset light reflected there. " Rupert, I'm going back to London," " You can't go now, my dear boy," said Dacre, with enforced solemnity. '? I cannot stand this sort of thing long. My father won't speak to me, and the house is like some vast tomb," says Cyril, pettishly kicking a loose stone with one pendant foot. " My dear fellow, you must not be too rash. Remember that the unhappy accident has no footed your father deeply." " I say, Dacre, what made you telegraph to me so quickly ?" says Chottoris, suddenly. " Merely to let you know at once. Everybody else Boomed helpless. What made you ask such a question!" " Oh, I don't know," returned the other, whose steady look into that sunset- lit face had shown him nothing. " It was very kind of you, I'm sure." "I My dear boy," says Dacre, deprecatingly. As he spoke, the sun full suddenly behind the tree-tops, and the glory faded from his face. Cyril fancied he saw a Bneurthoro. Come." said he, with a slight shudder, " it is getting chill; let us go in." Rupert Dacre flung the stump of his smouldering cigar gently from him, It fell into a little pool that the recent rain had left among the stones, and went out with a sullen hissing sound. nat " Give me your arm, my dear fellow," said hood. with a most consolatory smile, "I want to talk and to you a little"' his " In the first place, began the rising diplo- id matist? you will excuse an old friend, who fed used to fag you at Eton telling you no nowhere act I Borne truth. You are well, not a foot but a wly ! man of perverted intellect. You had a capital on- a career open to you, and you spoil it all by Wy ! your preposterous folly and vanity. Now don't 'ld, | interrupt mo?but listen. You had an excellent yril j chance of honors at least so they told me? I in ; and you quit Oxford for some reason that I all I don't want to hear, for it is sure to be a bad one, and ' You come home here, quarrel with your very i to worthy and estimable father, and rush up to tore a London, to make a fortune and a nurse by »to dishing up other people's sentiments in the load lip- I ing columns of a radical newspaper. This may not- be a very fine thing to be able to do, my dear gue I boy, perhaps it is but permit me to suggest issue- that the Bolitho only son (and he emphasised and the words- with eyes as well us voice) of Mr gui', : Chatters of Matcham, ought to do something better. A leader-writer for a paper like the Mercury is not a man of mark in the annals of his country, my dear Cyril; and if you want game, you can get it easier by inventing a patent pill, or a new method of pickling pork, than by all the leading articles that ever went to the butter shop." (They had reached the end of the walk by this time, and the cynical Mentor paused for a moment to let his wisdom sink into the ears of his pupil.) " I was speaking to your father this morning" (Cyril began to listen), and he seemed in a great perplexity about your future career. Indeed, he did me the honor to ask my advice upon the matter"? " The deuce he did," thought Telemachus? " And I have been thinking all the afternoon about it. There can be no question but that he intends to make you a proper allowance that is, if you behave yourself? but I would not' advise you to indulge in any pranks or you may get into mischief again. " I suppose," continued bottle indeed Lope), minute and c morry believe shoul that you, i of P counl Daer tho enou ness, longs Bottle chun horse duty man give dor croat act i dran pious Whi Held duty of 3 dim area can be sure little can be. on, the folly into being but It don't for not as of risk isco of Far as he, with a curious glance. at his companion, " that you are not in any scrape just now." "in any scrape!" Oh, if he only know! But Cyril said, with an easy laugh, " None, my dear fellow, that I know of." " I am glad to hear it; but if you are, you had better go and tell your father at once, and begin with a clean bill of health." , Here was a temptation! He would go to his father and tell him off, and make the best of it. He had half withdrawn his arm from Decrees, for tho purpose of giving more weight to his declaration, when the other struck in? " Marriage, my dear Cyril, is the great sheet anchor of young men! If you assume the burden of respectability, you must also assume the burden of matrimony. If you elect to dwell in tents, it does not so much matter, but to the well-being of a Philistine a wife 'is absolutely necessary. For myself, I am unable to afford that luxury at present, but, I trust that, after some brief space of time, the value of my services to my country may be more satisfactorily recognised, and I may be enabled to take to my bosom some Skinny person of good blood and aristocratic connections. I have observed ,'? remarked Mr Rupert Dacre, parenthetically, " that leanness and good blood are indispensable for a rising man's wife trust to obtain both. But for you, my dear fellow, seriously speaking, a much wider field is open. You can choose, with reservations of course, where you will. Do you prefer money? Seek it among the chubby heiresses of provincial manufacturing towns; the simpering daughters of City magnates, or the more dashing progeny of the lords of the stock exchange. Do you desire blood 2 You can take your choice of all the vintages in Debrott, and stock your cellars either with the blushing glories of the Battle Abbey brand, or the more recent but pw^P" w Maltby bottlings of the reign of the First James; j 1 indeed, with the exception of Lady Millicent 1 Lope], whose parents have been saving her for a nineteen years for the young Duke of Bilbouquoti and old Foozleton's daughter, who is going to marry What's-his-name the coach-builder, I believe you can have any woman you like. I should therefore recommend, my dear follow, that you put off your Bohemian ' old man ' from you, and enduring yourself with the rage virility of Philistine respectability, come out as a country gentleman. Life here," continued Dacre, with an airy wave of his hand towards the fast darkening landscape, " is pleasant enough. The recubans sub teaming fair business, which has been discoursed upon at such length by the poets, is yours for over. You will settle down here, hunt a pack of hounds, go to church twice a day on Sundays, and brood short horned bullocks.' This is, as I take it, the whole duty of man in his capacity as country gentleman. You will grow fat and good-tempered; give dinners and drink port wine for the remain der of your existence. AS that preposterous creation of Lord Lytton remarks in the second act of the most successful and most claptrap drama of modern times, ' Dost like the I picture?'" a No," said Cyril, laughing, " I don't." " Ah! you have a soul above shorthorns. What do you say then to Parliament. A great field for men of ability. Will you be the darling of drawing-rooms, the perfumed dandy of Belgravia, the harmless lion of ambassadors' dinners, (he abused one of newspapers, the arbiter of peace and war, the leader of a political party ? No, you will not be that, my friends because you have not brains enough for such a " Complimentary," laughed the other. " Not at all complimentary but true. We will try another picture. A man about town. A neat little box at Richmond, a yacht at Cowes a few acres in Scotland, a box of the Opera, a string of hunters at Melton. Would you like to be the glory of the confesses, the admired of Fanny Potitpicd, the friend of honors, and the boon companion of tragedies Would you like to write for high-class periodicals, and be quoted in smoking rooms ? Would you like to break the tables at Erne and to flirt with Russian princesses at Wiesbaden? Would you like to know all Turf secrets, and to be one of each stable Vohmgerioht in England ? Of course you would. But to be all this you must get into debt about twenty thousand pounds to start with, and see a little more life than you have done yet. I think, after all, that the country gentleman is the career. You can see a little of London society first if you like, and then came back and marry your cousin, after the fashion of three-volume novels." " Murry your cousin." The thrust was made at last, and Cyril being off his guard, the delicate rapier of Rupert Dacre came home to the hilt. He turned crimson. " You talk nonsense, Dacre," said he, half angrily. " Well," Buys that gentleman, with a light laugh, " perhaps I do, not us go in." And as they went in, arm in arm, the big house was no longer brilliant, with sunshine, but black and gloomy like the tomb that Cyril had spoken of, while the landscape looked chill and dreary, and the rising night wind sobbed and sighed with melancholy credence among the creaking branches of the beech trees. CHAPTER VII. KATE. It could not be expected that the dinner table at Matcham would be very brilliant. Mr Chatteris sat at one end of it in silence. Even the ceremony of " dressing" had been dispensed with Miss Kate Ffrench, in her deep mourning dress, looked like Dante's " Beatrice," while the two young men scarcely spoke, save in whispers. There was therefore ample time for Mr Cyril to think over his friend's advice. What course should he pursue ? He thought confusedly during the subdued clinking of gloss and tapping of china, upon all the courses that Dacre had suggested, yet found himself constantly recurring to one sentence? " Come book and marry your cousin, after the fashion of three-volume novels." He stole a glance at Koto. She never looked more lovely. Nor grief had taken some of the color from her cheek, but it had given to her face a delicate purity of outline that was wanting to it before and her gray eyes had grown (darker and deeper, and shone with limpid light. Compared to that other picture in Cyril's heart, she was us a queen to a peasant girl. Carry was pretty and coquettish, but Kate, with her superb figure, her delicate bunda, her glorious eyes, and her Bwpot grace of intellect and breeding, was by much beyond her, as a pure, solitary, shining star is beyond a penny cuthorine-wheul, fighting with pertinacious twirlings upon a door-handle. As Cyril rose to open the door for her, he mother gaze and turned away, while in involun- tary song went through his heart, as he thought of the dead that had banished him from her presence for ever. The master of the house rose immediately after dinner, and Dacre followed him; while Cyril sat moodily drinking, and picturing all sorts of shapes and scenes in the glowing fire. I will write to Curry," thought he, " and tell her not to expect me home for a day or two. Poor little thing, she must be anxious ;" and he rose to look for pens and proper. " My father's in the library, I cannot go there," thought he; and then remembering that in a little don opening off the hall, and once dignified by the name of Mr Fred's study, but which was now a simple Store-room for guns, dog-whips, fishing rods, and such like gear, he should find what he sought, he opened the door. As he lit and turned up the reading-lamp on the little table, he heard a sob and, looking up, saw his cousin. She had flung herself into an arm-chair, and was weeping bitterly. "Kate!" She rose as if to leave the room, but be put his arms round her and led her back. " What is it, Kate?" said he. After a moment the Bobs ceased, and Kate, putting his arms away, stood before him, with one hand resting on the edge of the writing table, and said, simply,? " Cyril, I am very unhappy. " Unhappy ! Why, dearest t" " I don't mean about poor Fred, though I" (she nearly broke down here) I loved him very dearly; but about you. You are very much changed, Cyril." "R" " Yes. What have you been doing ? Why did you quarrel with uncle and what has kept you so long in London?" "Three questions at once, Katy!" returned he, with an attempt at a laugh, that was belied by his hangdog face. " I have had no quarrel." " You have quarrelled, because aunt told me so. What was it about ?" " About a foolish thing I did at college, Koto, dear." " Oh! I thought it was about your writing for the papers." Cyril's face was out of the lamplight, but he turned crimson. " Katy, you are a little fool to make so much of nothing. What are my misdeeds to you I" " Oh! Cyril, you know that? that" (she grew confused), " that we have been Monds since we were children." " More than Monds, darling," said Cyril, overcome by the love in her clear eyes." And he kissed her on the forehead. She drew closer to him and out of the depth of her innocent and but half comprehended love, laid her head on his shoulder. "My darling ?' she murmured, " you have some trouble; I know you have. Will you not tell it to me ? We are as brother and sister now." The pressure of her arms; her sweet breath stirring his hair; her loving voice, full of comfort ; her delicate intonation, and that exquisite halo of modesty which, even though she was lying on his heart, fenced her round, and put her tongue from him, thrilled the unhappy boy through, as, with Sudden knowledge, his heart called put to him, " Here is a woman? beautiful, true, and pure who loves you, and you have lOst her." For an instant he stood overpowered. He seemed to be his own soul, and to know how he had deceived himself. The knowledge of his own folly struck him like a gigantic wave, and left him speechless. Then he snatched the woman he had lost closer to him, and covered her eyes and lips with passionate, burning kisses; then thrusting her from him with a bitter cry, he fell into a chair, and clutched at his hair with despairing hands. Cyril, my spy, are you bore? Oh! a thousand pardons!" It. was Rupert Dacre ; and, as he stood in the lighted doorway, looking in upon the pair, a Biicor come into his face. " She has refused him, thought he. Cyril sprang up angrily, and, without a word or a look at his cousin, followed Dacre out, " What is it ?" "Your father wants to see you in the library, my dear boy." The silky accent jarred upon the young man's ears. How came this stranger to be a messenger between father and son P He turned round as if to ask the question; but Rupert's hand was upon the lock, and Rupert's Biuiling eyes upon his face. His heart failed him, the door swung noiselessly on its hinges, and the two entered the library together. Mr Saville Charteris was seated in state at his writing table and with a lofty motion of his white, though wrinkled hand, seemed to suggest an audience. His son, however, full of resent- ful feelings, which had arisen, he scarcely know how, walked slowly to the table, and waited for his Sentence, It was the same table whereon he had read the letter which had made and marred him and looking up he saw Dacre, who was leaning negligently against the fireplace, looking down with an amused air, as though he was a spectator at an agreeable comedy, and was waiting for the curtain to draw up. "I wish to say a few words to you, sir," began the old man. Rupert sat down. The comedy had begun. " You are now my? hour," said Mr Saville Chut lords. '' I never expected, when you left me, to see your face again; but that matters have turned out differently." ("Very pretty euphemism," thought the spectator, mentally applauding). " You are now in a different position in life to that which you occupied a few days ago, I need not recapitulate the cause of your temporary absence from home." (2 Quite like a despatch! Bravo !" Build the spectator's eyes). " I trust that you have learnt some useful lessons while you have been living on your own resources; and, for my part, I am willing to forget the disgraceful action of which you have been guilty. Cyril winced and colored, but did not move. The spectator rubbed his leg gently, and seemed to murmur, " Capitally put, but severe, very severe!" " I am willing to make you a suitable allowance, until?my?until until you succeed to this property?" (Applause from the spectator) ?" and shall put no restrictions upon your liberty, that is to say, if you consent to my requirements, in other matters." Cyril bowed. This was better than he expected. "I have been consulting your friend, Mr Dacre, who sees more of the young men of the day than I do," continued Mr Saville Chatteris, with a graceful wave towards the deprecating Rupert, " concerning your wishes, and he is of opinion that you would prefer a London life." Cyril made a motion of assent. " I confess that I should prefer that you lived here, but as I have before explained to you, my only wish is to put you in a proper position with the world, 119 Mr Chatteris of Matcham, regardless of any feelings I may have towards you as my Son." A very delicate distinction!" was the mental interjection of the spectator.) " You will therefore go up to London with your friend Dacre, who Iiob promised me to look after you, and in whose discretion and friend- ship I place implicit trust." " You do me great honor, sir," Says the spec- tator? aloud this time. "I shall allow you £800 a your (Cyril brightened up) ?" which, with your own property, will be enough for you to live upon But if I do this, you must oblige me by giving up your Radical newspapers, and mixing only in the society of gentlemen. Will you promise this ?" (Telemachus glanced at Mentor, and Mentor's eyes said " YeB!" us plainly ob eyes could speak,) " Yes, I promise that, sir." " Well, I will rely upon your word; but mind this, if you break it, you shall never come here again, until you come on owner." (The old man's brow flushed as he spoke, but he grew calmer when he saw his son's composed face.) " And now, Cyril, before you go, I wish to speak to you on a private matter." The spectator, as if the play were over, rose, and bowing with easy grace, left the room. I had hoped that your cousin Kate " (Cyril started) " would have been the wife of myself your poor brother " (and the father uttered the words slowly, as though they were bound to bind him closer to his surviving son); "but that is all over now. Indeed, perhaps I was wrong, and she did not love him all thought she did. I am not rich, Cyril, but the dearest wish of my heart is to provide for my niece's child. I have settled some money of my own upon her, and I believe that I have induced my sister to do the same, but I should not like to see her lose her home. She may marry " here he glanced at Cyril); " but should she not, I would wish you to promise me that she will always find a home here." " I promise, sir," and Cyril's hand grasped his father's for the first time since the quarrel. Saville Ohntteris gazed into his son's face, as though be sought for something there. "You will be marrying, one of these days yourself, Cyril," said he, half timidly. Cyril bit his lips. He thought of the Man tonian domestic circle, and then of Kate. The prize was offered to him, and yet he could not grasp it. He turned dizzy for an instant, and could not speak. "Ah, well, time enough to think of that," said Saville Chatteris, dropping his son's hand with a sigh. Cyril set his teeth and tried to smile, but the utter hopelessness of his misery came upon' him, and he could not. " Good night, sir. I will, attend to your instructions, and start for London to- morrow," and he went out from his father's presence as miserable a wretch as could be found in the three kingdoms. Mr Rupert Dacre was in the smoking-room, solacing himself with brandy and sodawater, and as he lounged with elevated foot, he seemed to be contemplating the past comedy through the smoke indeed there was an expression of discontent on his face, as though he wished he had waited for the afterpiece. Kate was in her room, wondering, hoping, doubting, and fearing. Did he love her? He did. Yet no! he left her without a word that then, of course, Mr Dacre care. But those kisses ! and she blushed in the darkness as she remembered them. ' Those were not the kisses of a brother. "Oh, Cyril, my darling, my darling, I love you!" How sweet it sounded! And Cyril's wife was on her knees in the house in Dyer-street, praying for her absent j husband. [to be continued,] 