TWO FACES ; OR, THE TERRIBLE SECRET. (by armad oheye ) i never closed ray eyes that night. Wild phantasms hovered around my pillow, and a nameless dread took posses- sion of me. That this mysterious being should have been received into the family, and was likely to establish him- self on terms of intimacy there, appeared ' to me a terrifying thing. And yet I could interfere in no way to avert the : progress of events. I foresaw only "ridicule and mocking disbelief if I at- . tempted to hint at what had occurred. . The Wylde's, with their blunt English manners, were already only too readily disposed to seize upon the slightest in dication of a dreamy temperament in me as the symptom of some German ex travagance; and were T to make such a strange and improbable statement as my recent observation justified, their in credulity would doubtless be mingled with some doubts as to my sanity. I could only wait, then, and watch secretly for some more tangible proof of what I dreaded. Having come to this conclu sion, I saw, without daring to offer any opposition to it, an intimacy gradually spring up between the . Wyides and their neighbor. Almost every day the latter took advantage of some circum stance or other for making his appear- ance at our house, though, strange to say, when the call-was returned, no one ever obtained admission within bis precinots. If Mr. Wylde called, or one of the servants was commissioned with a message for delivery, they never gained entrance farther than the hall. Mr. Marston was either out or particularly engaged ; or, if there was reason to fear that these excuses might appear rude from' their repetition, Joseph was instructed to say that his master regretted exceedingly being un able to appear, but he had jast been seized with one of his violent headaches, and had been obliged to retire to' bis room. No suspicion attached to these denials in the eyes of any other than my self. The rest of the party interpreted every proceeding of their neighbor in the most advantageous light. Re had evidentlv become a decided favorite in the household. Lucinda, above all, viewed him with an ever-increasing in terest, which she vainly tried to screen beoenth an affectation of indifference. It would have been diffijult, doubtless, to have repressed the former feeling at its source. H:s manner bad never changed in its partiality for her, aod there was unquestionably a subtle fascination about him well calculated to win on an unguarded heart. There was a party given about this time on a rather extensive scale at the Wyldes', to which Mr. Marston, of course, was invited, and the evening's amusements were wound up with a dance. Miily, in her pale blue dress, with white flowers in her hair, and her cheeks flushed from excitement, looked so uncommonly pretty that I did not wonder that Mr. Marston endeavored to secure her hand for several of the quadrilles, whioh were the only, dances in which he took a part. A brilliant waltz was played towards the end of the night, and the gen tlemen were hurrying to and fro in search of their partners, when some one discovered that Miss Milly Wylde was absent. Obeying a request of Lucinda to see what had become of her, I glanced into the supper-room, and from thence wandered into a passage leading into the grounds without, when a mur mur that Mr. Marston was missing, also quickened my steps with a sudden trepidation. Just then the glas -door opening from the oorridor on the garden was unclosed, and- two figures stepped within. With a stfled cry I recog nised Mr. Marston and Milly. The latter had thrown a cloak over her light dress, but as it fell from her shoulders I saw that her figure was trembling beneath, and her .face, lately so dyed with blushes, had grown white as a ghost's. " Oh. Miss Wylde, where have you been ?" I ex claimed ; and I seized her hands in mine with a sudden impulse ef protec tion. "Only in the garden, jou fool ish Frauleir, refreshing myself with a peep at the cool flowers. Mrs. Hutton and Captain James showed us the ex- ample," and with a forced laugh Ehe flitted away from my scrutiny. Her form was soon lost amidst a melee of gauzy drapery in the drawingroom. Mr. Marston had followed her, and I saw him no more that evening. I was kept stationary at a whist table in the library, and when the party broke up he had already, taken his departure. I had crept to my own room filled with vague misgivings, when I was startled by the sudden bursting open of my door. Lucinda rushed in, her hair hanging dishevelled about her, her eyes almoBt starting from their sockets with' the wildness of their glare, and a wail sharpened to a tone of anguish breaking from her lips. She Hang herself, trembling and palpitating, on the ground, and buried her face in my dress. " What is the matter, Lu cinda I" I ejaculated ; " for heaven's sake, what has occurred ?" " Do not speak to me— do not ask me. Ob, what treachery i Vt hat cruel deception ! It is Milly he loves— he has told her so. It is not I !" And with a louder cry, the poor girl caught my hand in hers with a half-maddened vehemence. I saw it all then. The mystery of this recent scene was solve''. That walk with Milly had revealed the true state of his heart, and it was the younger sister he had loved while paying every polite at tention to the elder. Notwithstanding a kind of constraint which had always ex isted between Lucinda and me, I could not repress a thrill of pity as I viewed her now under such a different aspect to her usual cold and proud demeanor. I was still bewildered by the effeots of this scene, when Milly followed in her sister's steps. She stole in like a ghost, and, leaning en the baok of a chair, did not speak for several minutes. " Has she told you ?" she said a", length, in a low, suppressed voioe. " Oh, Milly," I exclaimed, bursting out for the first time with all n:y emotions,," don't say it is true. . This news terrifies m». Yon must have nothing to do with that per son. He is a bad — a fearful mab. You don't know who or what he is " Milly started hack, her eyes filled wi'h blank amazement. " What do you mean," she murmured. "There is some dreadful secret about him. J may not — I cannot say mor9. But oh, Milly. mistrust bim — avoid him. Do not give your happi ness into his keeping. Yoi will rue it to the last day of your life. Some fa'al calamity will inevitably ensue."- Har expression changed quickly to one of alarm. "Why, what do >ou know?' she demanded eagerly; "has he, told you? How have you learned it,?" "There is a mystery, then?" I broke in; "I was not deceived. I felt it. I foreboded it." " Yes, but it wi'l not be one much longer. He has promised to' reveal it to me. He said he would not, ask for my love till I knew all. " And do vou love bim ?" I demanded, breath-' lessly. Milly lowered her eyes, and a tinge of her former color shot into her cheeks. " I don't know yet," she mur- mured ; " I thought it' was Lucinda he cared for ; but I suppose I oould learn to like him " " But you will not do so. No, no. Promise me this. He will not tell you the truth. He dare not ; he could not. There is something t- o drendfnl for that. Never be his wife, Milly. Pledge yourself you will not. And I caught her hnnd heseeohingly in mine. " I do not understand you, Frau- lein," she exclaimed ; " how can you have bpnrd anything to his disadvan tage ? You are speaking from prejudice. This seoret is one you could never have discovered. He has kept it profoundly hidden, and he says no mortal must learn it but myself." I wns about to disclose all when something cheeked me — a dread that the effect of my vague intimations might ho lost, and that I should only weaken my previous remonstrances by this course. My re lation was one eo strange and unac countable that I could anticipate no blief for it — it was certain to be "met with mocking incredulity, Milly interpreted my silence as favoring her own impression, that I was biassed by a gioundless antipathy, P he steeled herself, therefore, . against all I could add in the shape of warnings and en treaties, and quitted me that night in a I state of excitement and irpitati m. Left to myself, I could only resolve that Mr. Wylde should be at once informed of what had passed between bis daughter and Mr. Ma»ston. Mrs. Wylde had been dead for many years, and this cir- cumstance gave me a degree of influence in the establishment which I felt should be used for .the welfare of my charges. As a preliminary step I would try and induce Milly to make the communica tion herself, and to insist with Mr. Marston that her father should be the first participator in his secret, whatever it might be, as the proper judge of matters relating to her future inlerests. With this course in vdw i descended to the breakfast parlor the following morning, and looked out anxiously for Milly. She had not made her appearance. Lucinda, as usual, sat at the head of the table pouring out tea. She kint her head resolutely bent down that I might not meet hor eyes, and truly one glanoe at her face and painfully compressed features would have made me shrink, in any case, from such scrutiny. "Milly has n headaohe," she said, in answer to my inquiry, " ar.d will not come down for nn hour or two." (To be continued in our next. J 