THE LAND QUESTION. On Monday evening, June 1, a meeting wm held at the National Hotel, Pirie- street, in coa neotion with the Fortschritts-verein, to con sider the necessity of liberalizing: our present lana laws as tne only basis for the progreaa of South Australia. Thore was a largo attendance, and the proceedings w»re conducted entirely in Gorman. Mr. T. Scherk, the President, who presided, said it would be known that at a previous - meeting an opportunity was afforded for the considera tion of the land laws— their liberalization and improvement. So much interest was manifested that it was decided to hold a meeting of Ger mans to consider the question. He then real the advertisement convening the meeting. With tho greatest readiness those who were asked to come had attended, thus show iBg the great interest felt on the sub ject He had received an excuse from Mr. G. Stevenson, M.P., who was prevented by illness from attending. He was likewise ia receipt of a telegram from Dr. E. Jung, one of the Inspectors of Schools, who apologizod for his absenco, and expressed his hearty sympathy with the movement Ho trusted that the order characteristic of German assemblies would prevail that evening. Mr. F. Krichaufk, M.P., said it was of tha greatest importance that they should tako the matter in hand, and that they thought so was evidenced by their presence. Some people con sidered the question almost settled, but suck was not the case by any moans. Many thoro present would perhaps imagine that the land question did not affect residents in town to any extent, but was of far more consoquonco to the agriculturists. Thoy knew for a long time their population hail scarcely been increasing, although we had had the benefit of immigration, lie would say that if an ill person know his ills ho would try to cure thorn. The child, they would find, fancied and dreamed, while the youth en deavoured to carry out any object he had ia view— setting himself a task and trying to carry it out. Ho was not certain of its accomplishment ; but with tho thinking man tho case was different. He buckled himself earnestly to any work, and would not give in. Thus ho was of opiuion that if thoy determined to amend the land laws thoy would be able to inanago it Thoy wero indeed a small meeting, but as Germans they were willing to do their best for the colony that lay in their power. Therefore he would say that tho present land laws nooded their particular attention. Many of them wero old colonists, and they would remember tho circumstances of former years. Why did many Gonnaus aud EnglLhmou who in tho early daya went over to Victoria return again to South Australia to seek their bread? Simply be cause South Australia had then tho boat and most liberal land laws. Not only did many return from tho land of tho other colony, but they came even from tho diggings to get land where it was so easy to obtain, rather than stay in places where it was loss easily got Now, however, instead of having many immigrants they found that a very great number of their young men weut over the Bordor to Victoria and New South Wales in order to take up land. He believed that was tho best possible proof that the land laws wero not what they shauld bo. (Hear, hear.) At that time public works wero erected, but somewhat later thing? became worso ; and in order to make up tho ror^nuo tho rich poopla had to pay, and the policy was to 'kill the squatters.' If he wanted to preservo his run he was forced to buy it, and as a natural con sequence of this procedure a largo quantity of land was taken from tho squatters, brought into the market, and sold — the revenue thus be coming large. It was unnecessary to levy more taxes, so the people were content with the arrangement. Now, however, came a timo in which it was necessary to have new taxes. A road tax had to bo introduced, but this pressed so heavily on the farmers who could hardly pay for their land that it was abandoned, and it was resolved to depend upon Jhe land for tho de ficiency. The Parliament of 18G9 met under special promises to consider the land laws. A liberal Bill was brought in, but tho members elected did aot go in for it as they should have done. In Juuo, 1809, a resolution was brought forward by the then Commissioner of Crown Lands, now Chief Secretary, to make tho laws as l'beral as tho Victorian, but so many now features woro introduced by tho Legislative Council that tho Lower House rojdctod it. Much was said against another proposed measure, and it was thrown out. In tha following year another trial was made and another Bill brought forward. Other objections woro made, and at last a new Parliament met in 1872, but nj now land laws. In Victoria thoy allowed selectors to r^y 2s- a year for their land ^d the whole ot th? purchase-money in ten years. The fiexl Bill was spoken against by tho farmers, The price was to bo £1 per acre, and if necessary interest was to bo paid— for throe years at 12 per cent, and after six years thoy must either pay or give up. It would bo well if the land were brought into the market; but unfortunately the present Ministry was thoroughly conserva tive. The con«equonce was that many farmers bad been obliged to pay a far higher prico for thoir land than they should havo paid. TLe limited auction was brought ib, but tho price of land was raised, and sometimes as much as from £3 to £6 hud to be paid. That was cer tainly too much. In good yearg perhaps tho money could be paid; but in dry seasons the farmer could not afford that price. Thoy did not want to make the farmers mere working animals, but to give them an interest in their land, Ho had learned from conversation that many after getting their land could not possibly cultivate it. They then said, ' We won't remain here, we will go to Victoria, where the hind is just as good, and where we have not to contend with, the difficulties that we moet here.' Thus a large number of their cultivators had gono ovor the Border, and thio emigration must become even greater unless they made some alterations. Many went away between sowing timo and harvest, and no doubt if they onco went there they would stop. They must therefore try to improve tho land laws. The question was would the immigrants introduced stay here. He was of opinion they would not. Those who camo free, without capital, could not buy the land. He was convinced that thoy would agree with him in saying that if the population were to grow they must have cheap land. (Hear, hear.) They had already had times when their farmers wero in very bad circumstances owing to the high price of tho land and the rent Under Governor Gawler thoy had a bad time — so much so that many had not a shilling in their pockets, and many farmers wondered where their next shilling was to come from. The want of money was very great, so great, it was said, that people came running together saying, 'Lo, bore'.-taman that's got a shilling.' They camo, saw the shil ling, and were very much comforted. (Lmghter.) He hoped they would not now tako the last shilling out of the j/beketa of the farmers who had but little capital. It was not so much the high price of knd, perhaps, as its crudity, and the mistakes arising from the land being represented as better than it reaily was. They ' must also remember that the lower the price the more the land was worth to the farmer, and the more capital he had to make improvements. With capital the farmer could get on. Ho would not think he muHt only cultivate wheat with no other change, but would introduce other cereals. Many of them would say it would be hard to irako the price of land so low as to attract immigration, as in America, where hind could be had for only $1 25c. There they could take 155 acres of knd and pay merely §21. People, however, who had read the pamphlet issued by the Immigration Committee would notice that we had one advantage ovor our rivals. In America the street, kn., im provements did not proceed from the State eoffere, but the settlers themselves had t» attend to such matters, and therefore we might com pare with them, for he believed that if tho Stato there made all the improvements tho State made here the land there would bo very much dearer. He thought, too, that Bheopfarining might be resorted to in connection with wheat-gro»ing. They need not bo no anxious about the quantity of land, for they had plenty to spare— even without the Northern Territory. The Scrub Lands Act was the most liberal wo had had. Tho Parliament in introducing it had an idea of laying the land open for the poor farmers — poor Wapstraw. To the squatter it was almost useless. There were plenty trees and bushes, but no grass; for wheat-growing, however, he believed the land had been proved very good. Unfortunately the law had been declared inoperative. The lawyera of the Crown, thought it desirable to sell the lands under tbe Scrub Lands Act when the new Act came in force. Now they had to pay £2 where previously they only gave 16s. per square mile, and that for 21 years. He was sure that if the scrub lands were offered at a low price many Germans would take them up. The land law, he contended, moat be more liberal. (Hear, hear.) He concluded with a few lines, which he thought applicable, and resumed his seat amid cheers. Tbe Chairman, in proposine a vote of thank3 to Mr. Krichauff, remarked that he was not only their Parliamentary representative in fact, but also in deed. He had tne weal of the colony and of themselves deeply at heart. Ho would do his best for them, and they could place reliance on his statements and actions. Carried with acclamation. Dr. MUECKE in moving the first resolution — ' That to put an effectual stop to a further exodus of our settlers we must either have free selection before survey, or insist on the survey of much larger areas of lacd at one and the same place to facilitate the search for land'— said that the amendment of an important Act like tbe Land Act was an absolute necessity on the growing wants of the community in that direction being ehown, and one of the principal reasons which were to be urged in favour of the reform of our land law at tbe present time was that South Australia fur a large number of years would have to depend on farming, aud the farmiDg interest must have better facilities allowed tbtm for getting upon the lands than now existed. important as the search for minerals and the growing of wool were, neither would tend fo much to the advancement of the tticny as agriculture, because those who proae tuteu other industries, and even, those engaged in commerce, depended very materially upon it. This was proved ny the fact that from the Trea surerdownto tic hanker all felt the effects of a faiiure in the harvest, and all ware mads to rejoice when the ingathering was plentiful, because all bcnttiteii now it. With the former CLUimeree and busings languished, aud with the Ltter there were pro-penty, comfort, and con tentment on ail hands. It should therefore, be cir-fidered, bo the j.olit-y of our Government; to ui-e its utmost endeavours to proiiuie tha latter state of tuin.-js. ( AppLuse.) This would be done if a Land iiiil werj introduce' 1 to alow the fanner to acquire kind under favourable turns and add to lu LoMiu^as he might *\sb, and thi?, he considered, would enable Soutii Australia soon to tuter into competition with ether countries in mutters agricultural The case of the farmer was still stronger from the fact that here he h^-1 to struggle against diffi culties and daegtrs which he had not in his way in other countries, owing to the peculiarity of cur climate; and it ra also necessary that ha should be able to rest a portion of his laud each season, and required therefore to have more in his holding. The^e were considerations which would require to be dealt with by an amending Act. And what had keen the result of our present sjstem.' it appeared to be great, but in rtality was miserable. In the great majority of cotes at the present time the cultivated districts contained land which was worth nothing, ai it had been robbed of its fruitfulness. Like a bankrupt who squandered bis capital, the colony had wasted her land. All those districts which at one time wero prospe rous and fruitful, and whose inhabitants forgot their grief on a trip to Adelaide, now he feared were exceedingly likely to grow poor. The state cf the farmer was altogether changed. He bade faiewell to the laud on which he had earned his bread by the sweat of his brow— the place of his struggles— aud looked forward to going upon ether soiL And for thai he was made to pay heavily and work hard. And what would be the fate of the newly-adopted land ? Just the same, he thought, as that of the soil which he had first abandoned. like the old districts, the new land would be brought to a condition in which it would not yield more than three or four bushels to the acre. The only thitig that te saw to compare with the shortsighted waste of the properties of the land which was brought about by this system was the nefarious destruc tion of our forests. What would be the fate of this land if the newly-settled districts became wasted like the older settlements? — this land, whose Government had no foresight, in which the people lived from hind to mouth, and could not ste though their eyes were open. It was said by some that rotation of crops should be intro duced; but those who advised its introduction in connection with the present land system showed that they knew nothing at all about rotation of crops. Tbe other colonies had by tLtir Land Acth provided such a state of things ?w to thoroughly settle those who weut upen the land, but that was ntit the case here. 'While the blocks of land lay to their hand which could be used for settlement, they were sold, and tbe money went out of the colony for, in a great mea.su re, useless commodities partly, and partly for importation of immigrants which no sooner came than they left us to seek farms in the neighbouring provinces. The Germans who came here cost nothing to the State, and taking them as having brought with t bciu on an average £20 per bead, the total number who came out Lad brought a sum of ♦me million sterling. Germany had doue her ?tiare for the glory of America, and such an immigration was tho right sort fcr South Australia. (Applause.) But South Australia shut her eyes to each facts, and strove evsn not to see what was at present being done in the ether colonies. While every country store kt eper reduced the price of his goods to compote with his rivals, the Government of this colony altogether omitted to follow so good a rule in her land policy. While ail other colonies reduced tie price of their land, South Australia stuck to her own rule of taking as much as possible out of the peer farmer without considering that he might not be able to preserve his position for many years. He prayed that in time the Government of this colony might have their eyos opened to see the evil that was being wrought. The present state of things was contributed to largely by the fact that instead of the farmer being afforded facilities for taking up land at a cheap rate he was prevented in many ways from doing so, and being driven to purchase oat his farm at a high rate, as was the case till lately, he commenced operations under a burden of debt. Tho land that they got proved fruitful, and many of them rose by their work; but the good was taken out ot the soil by its being ciopped over and over again. For a time they were astisted by the Government bonuses; but theseweredropped, and as they hadtopayheavy rcnta for their land, they had been compelled to struggle on in poverty, and at List leave their holdings, and stek out fresh ones. The land in Victoria and property there were rising, but with us both were falling in value. Be considered that morally a more liberal law would have had a very different effect upon the colony from that which we had, as farmers would by it have been enabled by a liberal law under which sufficient land could be taken up on long credit to give the soil a better treatment, and found for themselves large holdings, which would employ many labourers. And the superior condition of the farmer under such a state of things would be a source of attraction to men of capital to come here, and the money would be saved which at present was spent in immigration for the benefit of the neighbouring colonies and injury of ourselves. He deprecated the exten sive sale of lands oh which were forests, which ought to have been conserved, because he con sidered that not only was the farmer a loser by taking them up, but the country lost con siderably by the waste of wood. He considered that in order to give the . agriculturist a chance we must follow the example of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. He should be allowed anywhere within the boundaries of the colony to settle and make a home wherever he found available Crown lauds. The registration should be simple, Certain, and irrevocable, and the money paid upon them in advance as little as possible, for it ?was just as he coxmenced operations that the farmer needed the most capital. The Govern ment here, he thought, might take a lesson from that of the States, which advanced the farmer who showed determination both implements and provisions, and some times supported him with capitaL Thus assisted at a very critical time, he was able to spend his own capital in making the land taken up more productive and generally im proving ivi lie ding. If that ?wv? de.ie 1mm the result would be the prosperity of tiie far mor, & b'essing to tho eobny, and immigrant-; would e».me to our shore* witticapuul— tne prefer kind )f immigrants— who would be a blessing to Bouth Australia. But in tbe new system a farmer -hould certainly be allowed to choose a rery much extended portion of land. This was desirable so as to enable him to keep is many cattle as were necessary to provide iungfor the part of the land which he intended to work. Under no circumstances should rota tion of crops be carried out on a large scale. Ihe productiveness of the land in 8outh Austra lian was only possible by changing from corn to cattle, and for this purpose a large proportion of land was required— a quan tity which fanners in the present state of the law seldom possessed. The farmer should also have a large choice of land. If, for in stance, he intended to have only 100 acres of [and cultivated with wheat, he should have liberty to choose 300 acres; bad He means to cultivate 400 acres ef corn, he should be entitled to choose three times as much land— 1,200 icres. The price should be £1 per acre is long as there was good land to be aad, and afterwards less charges should be nade. There should be an advance payment for ?egistering of Is. per acre the first year, Is. for ?he second, 2s. each for the next six years, and Sa. for the ninth and tenth year, all payments to 30 taken to be part of the purchase- money. Free selection was the only security the farmer :ould have against disadvantageous influences ind errors of the Government. With an jonest law and upright administration iummyism was only a ghost, and it could iot take any serious hold upon the country, mless supported in a secret manner. With a wealthy populotion there would be no deficit in she revenue, and in future years, when land :eascd to be disposed of, a revenue could be raised by a property tax. The farmers now struggled against the imposition of a duty which they were not able to pay; but if they had the means they would pay it with Dleacure. Mr. Wktzel seconded. Carried. Mr. C. Balk, J.P., moved— 'That country lands, unless they are improved lands, be sold m credit at the uniform price of £1 per acre, md that cultivation be compulsory as hereto fore.' He explained the provisions of tho pre sent land law, stating that in 1809 when there was mere than one applicant for a section it was ilrawn for by lot instead of being put up to luction, a.« at present. The present Government considered this gambling, but he thought it the fairest possible system. He could prove to them j that in tho excitement of an auction some went ! beyond their means, and tooK possession of the \ land as paupers, and so were unable to make the ! required improvements, and were at last ousted by the Government. Victoria and New South , Wales had their gold, but we only had our corn, i and upon that we must place our confidence. : Mr. A. Witt seconded. Ho hoped the mover i would alter his proposition so as to make it only ; apply to good lands, for 5s. and \Qs. per acre ' was sometimes too much for land adjoining the best selections. He knew of cases in which ; persons came to town, and, failing to obtain the and they wanted, had paid £50 or £60 tor other j land, but when they came to look at it they i found it worthless, and thns their money was | lost. He hoped that the Germans would hold together, and then they would have a fair chance 1 of getting what they wanted. He believed that j Br. Muecke had put it too strongly in sayine j that laad after a ten-years' cultivation would not ! yield sufficient to pay expenses. ! Air. F. Wuhm said in Ib51 our olive oil took a . prize in England. He did not see, therefore, j why farmers did not cultivate the olive to a '? greater extent. Carried. Mr. A. W. F. Sudholz moved—' That all payments in respect of kinds selected on credit \ be considered as part of the purchase-money.' ] Much bad been said about tbe land getting worn \ out, but he believed that a sound farmer, if he I got plenty of land, would not make his land ' poor. He had found on his own land, although | ho let some lie two years fallow and cropped it one, that it required manure, such as bone-dust, &c.;, so as not to wear it out. The farmer, if he wished to get on, must not depend on wheat only, but he must also keep cattle, and by their aid manure his land. Eighteen hundred acres in one block was not too much for a farm. The j climate was not so good here as in Germany, and so we could not have rotation of crops as well as there. Mr. Klopper sesonded. Carried. Mr. H. C. Uhlmann moved—' That it is de sirable to survey land for selection on credit bevond the present arbitrary line denned by the Schedule of the Act No. 18 of 1872, and that there selectors beallowednot less thanl,280acres.' There was an arbitrary line named after Mr. Goyder, beyond which it was supposed rain did not fall in sufficient quantity to enable wheat to be grown ; but experience had shown that such was not the case, and that even beyond that line there was good arable land. The reason why the old settled agricultural districts had been worn out was that the farmers had too little land to pay attention to rotation of crops. Carried. Mr. W. NrrscHKE moved—' That the Scrub Lands Act be re-enacted, with tbe provision that no land grant be issued before the whole of the arable land has been brought under cultivation.' The result of a useless expenditure of money on immigration and the existence of an illiberal land law had been the exodus of many of our best settlers, and we should now try to set a liberal land law passed, so tbat the farmer would be in a good position, and tbe whole community benefited. Mr. H. C. Uhlmann feconded. Carried. Mr. Davids moved — ' That besides the land previously under the provisions of the Scrub Lands Act. all lands which remain unselected two years after they have been declared open shall, if arable, be offered for lease with a right of pur chase, subject to tbe conditions of tbe Scrub Lands Act as amended, and that all other lands as heretofore shall be offered under clause 39 of Act No. 18 of 1872.' He was glad that the people of Adelaide, as well as of the country towns and villages, were coming to a sense of their duty and helping the farmer. The popula tion of the country districts could net alone do what was required, but he felt sure that their united efforts would be successfuL Mr. U. Hubbe, LL.D., seconded. He had been told that the Scrub Lands Act had been 2ast aside as inoperative by the lawyers of the Crown, but he hoped that its provisions would be brought into force again. He trusted that all persons would make use of their vote at the next general election, and only elect such persons as would pledge their support tp a liberal land law. Carried. Mr. C. VON Bebtoush moved— 'That tbe drainage operations be systematically and rigorously prosecuted.' He did not so much blame the Government for the present state of things as the community, because they them selves were the rulers. In future they ought to see that everything was done in a manner that suited them. Mr. Wagner seconded. Carried. Mr. A. Mknz proposed, Mr. Schroeder. seconded — 'That a memorial containing tho above resolutions be presented to the Legis lative Council and House of Assembly of the province.' Carried. Dr. Hcbbk moved—' That the President of the Fortechritts-Verein, Mr. Krichauff, M.P., and the movers and seconders of the resolutions form a Standing Central Committee, with power to add to their number, with a view to take further steps when necessary to carry out the above resolutions, to watch proceedings in Par liament and the carrying out of the land laws by the Government, and to form Sub-Committees in the country districts.' Some organization of the kind was necessary, as good laws in the hands of persons who were totally against them were not so carried out as they ought to be. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Krichauff, M.P., Dr. Muecke, and the Press. 