THE GUARDED TREASURE.—A THRILLING NARRATIVE. In the second year of the late civil war I was married, and went to live with my hus- band in a small village on the Hudson, some fifty or sixty miles from New York. The house we occupied was a large, rambling mansion of considerable antiquity for this country, and stood a little apart from the rest of the village, surrounded, by broad fields, and commanding a glorious view of the river and the hills of the Highlands. It had been built before the Revolution, by my husbands great-grand father, and though destitute of any "modern improvements," was still a comfortable and pleasant resi- dence. My husband was a lawyer and a large real estate owner in the neighborhood, and at the period of which I write, was greatly perplexed, like a great many otter persons in the North, by the perilous state of the times, and especially about the safe invest- ment of his funds, as the suspension of specie payments, the great rise in gold, and military disasters in Virginia, made it almost impossible to tell where it would be safe to deposit, or to use one's money in any large amount. In the course of his transactions in real estate, it happened that he received one day, what was for us then, a large sum, about ten thousand dollars, which he brought home and placed in my charge, tell- ing me at the same time that he should have to he absent during the evening, at- tending to some business on the other side of the river, and should not be at home until midnight. "You can place the money in the safe, dear, and to-morrow I will try to find some way to invest it securely," he said, as he gave me the money. So saying, he stepped into the buggy, which was standing at the doorway, taking with him our hired man, Silas, and leaving me with no one in the house but Dinah, an old colored woman, who fulfilled in our modest household the cook and maid-of-all work, as she had long done in the family of my own parents, who, on my marriage, had yielded her up to me as a valuable part of my dower. Dinah was indeed a character. She was tall and very stout, weighing, she never would tell how much, more than two hun- dred pounds. She was very black, and as lazy as she was black. I do not think any one could more more deliberately than Dinah did, that is to move at all. And, by a wonderful dispensation, she seemed to feel that whatever her other faults might be, she was strong on the point of locomo- tion. For, when she had been moving with a ponderous slowness, almost maddening to a person of ordinary quickness, one of her favorite expressions was: "Well, Miss I.illie, what shall I fly into next ?" How she accomplished all she did, the brownies only knew. We used sometimes almost to tremble when there was any special hurry about our domestic arrangements, and yet Dinah always managed to bring affairs to a consummation just when a minute more would have ruined everything, and with undisturbed front, would slowly enunciate, "Well, Miss, what shall I fly into next ?" It was nearly dark when my husband de- parted, and after giving my orders to Dinah, or rather my suggestions, I left her and made the tour of the house, to see that all was safe and properly locked up." This duty attended to, I went to my bedroom, intending to pass the time in reading until my husband should return. It was a large room on the ground floor, with two French windows opening on a broad verandah. The windows were draped with long yellow silk curtains, between which tie moonlight faintly entered, dimmed by the shadows of the roof of the piazza, and partly intercepted by the fringes of woodbine which hung from it. My bed stood with its head about half a yard from the wall. It was an old-fashioned struc- ture, hung with yellow silk like the win- dows, but I slept with th« hangings drawn back and fastened to the headboard. The bed was so large that no one ever thought of moving it except in those seasons of household panic, called house-cleanings, when the combined strength of three or fonr men were required to draw it into the middle of the room. So elaborately carved was it, that it went by the name of West- minister Abbey in the family. At one end of the room, at no great distance from the bed, was a large safe built into the huge chimney of the mansion, with a door high enough for a person to enter standing up right. Here I was accustomed to place every evening our silver plate, on shelves which extended round the sides, on which, also, were placed boxes containing plate and other valuables. Opposite the foot of the bedstead, between the windows, was a mirror reaching from the floor almost to the ceiling. Like the other furniture in the room, it was old and handsome. How many happy scenes it had reflected in the hundred years it had stood there ! The night was exceedingly hot, and I therefore left the windows open, though I drew the curtains before I seated myself at the table in the centre of the room, lighted the candles and began to read, in order to pass the heavy time before the return of my husband. After a while I heard the clock strike nine, at which hour Dinah always went to bed. Her chamber was in the attic, the third storey of the house. Remembering some household matter about which I wished to speak to her, I started hurriedly up, and went into the entry to intercept her before she got up stairs, I had to wait about a minute before she came, and our colloquy continued three or four minutes more. When I returned to my bedroom, feeling somewhat tired, 1 resolved to go to bed, as, at that late hour in the country, it was quite certain that no visitors would call, and my husband could let himself in with a latch key, which he always carried. I thought, however. I would try au;l keep awake by reading, and accordingly placed the light stand and candle at the head of mv bed. I then closed and fastened the windows, un- dressed myself and got into bed. The key of the safe I put under my pillow as usual. After reading, perhaps half an hour, I grew weary of the book, and quietly laying it down, remained for some minutes medi- tating with my eyes fixed on the mirror opposite the foot of the bed, in which I could see myself reflected, together with the yellow silk curtains behind my head. I was thinking, not unnaturally, how pretty I locked, and how happy I with such a large sum of money secure in one's safe, when suddenly I saw in the mirror a sight made my heart stand still. A hand appeared between the curtains, drawing them slowly apart, and grasping cautiously the headboard. It was a man's hand, large, coarse, and dark, as if belonging to a mulatto, or to one greatly tanned by ex- posure to the weather. My first impulse was to start from the bed and scream for help. I repressed it by a strong effort of will, and lay perfectly motionless, except that I partially closed my eyes, keeping them only sufficiently open to watch the mirror. As quick as lightning my mind took in the situation. In the few minutes of my absence from the room, while talking to Dinah, in the entry, a thief, a robber, a possible, murderer, had hidden himself either under the bed or behind its draped head. He was doubtless armed, and if I cried out, or attempted to escape from the room, he could easily reach the door before I could, and for his own security would probably put me to death. Dinah was too distant, and too feeble and clumsy to afford me any assistance, and besides was by this time asleep in the third storey. The man doubtless knew that my husband had received a large sum of money, and had gone off across the river, leaving me alone, or nearly so, in the house. He had entered, caring only for money, and anxious above all things to escape undetected and unre- cognised. If I let him know that 1 was aware of his presence, I should expose my self to murder. My obvious policy was to keep quiet and feign sleep. I thought also of the money, and was not altogether will- ing to resign that without an effort to save it, and to have some clue to the identity of the thief. I confess, however, that this last consideration was not a very strong one, and I am afraid that, if I could have seen my see my way clear to an escape from the room, I should have fled incontinently with out stopping to see more than that terrible hand. A moment, which seemed an hour, passed while these thoughts rushed through my mind. I lay perfectly still, with my half- closed eyes watching the mirror. Slowly and noiselessly the frightful hand pulled up the corner, until I could see the hand and face reflected in the glass, and glaring at me with fierce, yet wary eyes. The man was a mulatto, very dark, with evil passions written in every lineament. I could scarcely refrain from shuddering at the sight of his hateful visage, and closed my eyes to shut it out. I was not quite ready for the ordeal through which I knew I must soon pass. I wanted to move my light-stand a little out of the way, and to so arrange the bed clothes that I could spring from the bed without impediment. I therefore gave a little sigh, and moved, as if about to awake, slightly opening my eyes at the same time. The head and hand instantly disappeared. I then composedly made the desired changes in the position of the stand, and the arrangement of the clothes, put my watch with the safe-key under my pillow— so near the edge that they could readily be taken out, as I knew they would be—ex- tinguished one of my candles, said my prayers, and resigned myself to my fate, with no very sanguine or definite hope of extrication from my perilous position. I made my breathing regular, and a little louder than when I was awake, and lay with my cheek on my hand, counterfeiting sleep. At last the stillness became more terrible than even my first agony of fear. Several times I fancied I heard a soft step approaching from the place of concealment. As often was I deceived. Then again that dreadfulfstillness, in which I counted the ticking of the watch through the pillow. It was a positive relief when he came out from behind the curtain, stopped at the table, and stood looking at me, as I was well aware, though my eyes were closed, I forced myself to breathe regularly and audibly. He came closer; he bent over me. he passed the lighted candle slowly before my face two or three times. I felt the heat and saw the light through mv closed lids, which must have quivered, though he did not seem to observe their motion. Heaven gave me strength not to move or cry out. Satisfied, apparently, he put back the candlestick on the stand, and his hand crept softly and slowly under the pillow, and one by one he removed my watch and the key of the safe. He stood so long look- ing at me that I felt impelled to open my eyes suddenly upon him. As he walked toward the safe I did partly open them, and cautiously watched him through my eyelashes. I heard him fumb- ling with the lock, and once he looked over towards the bed. My eyes were wide open, but I closed them in time not to be de- tected. Watching him stealthily I saw him open the door of the safe, which he entered without drawing the key from the lock. Here was the opportunity for which I had waited and watched. I sprang lightly from the bed, with one bound reached the safe, dashed the door to, turned the key, and with one long and loud shriek fell prostrate and senseless on the floor of the dark room. How long I laid upon the floor I don't know—probably for a few minutes only— but as I was unconscious, it seemed when I came to myself as if the interval had been a long one, I was aroused by his blows upon the iron door, and found mvself weak after the long nervous tension, but still calm. I remember the satisfaction with which I lay there before rising, that he could not escape, mingled with a vague and foolish dread that he might burn the valu- able contents of the safe. He pounded desperately on the door, and swore fearfully at finding himself entrapped. But as I took no notice of his outcries he soon grew quiet. Presently I rose, lighted a candle, dressed myself with all possible haste, and with trembling fingers, turned often to look at the safe, from under the closed door of which I more than half expected to see blood trickling—why, I cannot tell, except that my mind was full of images of horror. I was soon in readiness. I had no means of ascertaining time, as he had my watch in his pocket, and there was no clock in the room. Taking the candle I hastened to arouse Dinah, who, as I shook her, slowly opened her eyes, and with scarcely more than her usual slowness pronounced her formula: "Well, Miss Lillie, what shall I fly — Lor-a-massa : what's de matter with the child ? You ain't seen a ghost, have you, honey ?" "Dinah: but I've seen something worse than a ghost. I've caught a robber and he's in the safe. What time is it and looking at the clock that ticked slowly and deliberately—as—how could Dinah's clock help doing ?—saw to my great relief that it was near midnight. We had scarcely got down stairs when I heard the sound of wheels. A moment more and my husband was in my arms, listening with amazement to a rapid narrative of my singular adventure. I wouldn't suffer him to open the safe until Silas had summoned assistance from the neighboring houses. I feared that my desperate prisoner might still escape. When the safe, was opened, there sat my burglar on the trunk, half stupefied for want of air, a knife in one hand, the package of money in the other, and the burned, out candle at his feet. He was recognised as an old offender, who had not been long out of the state prison, to which in due course of law he was soon sent back for a term of years, which I devoutly hope may last as long as he lives, for I confess I should not feel easy to hear that he was at large. The look of rage he gave me on coming out of the safe will not soon be obliterated from my memory. My husband, I need hardly say, was greatly pleased with my safe investment, and complimented me highly on the courage and coolness which had doubtless saved my life as well as our money. The love and pride with which he regarded me, and with which he alwavs to this day rehearses my exploit, were of themselves sufficient com- pensation for the horror and agony of that long summer night.—Alta Californian. — — — THE ENGLISH CRICKETERS.—The fol- lowing remarks on the English Eleven are from the Pleasant Creek Chronicle of Friday:—"We believe we shall not trans- gress journalistic etiquette if we endeavor to explain the ' ducks' eggs' so repeatedly scored by the A.E.E. in the matches at Stawelland Wnrrnambool. It is a notorious fact that ill-will exists between the English- men for various reasons. Firstly, the pro- fessionals felt aggrieved through being at Melbourne and Ballarat accommodated in hotels supposed to be inferior to those as signed to the gentlemen players. It is also stated that it was not until their arrival in this colony that the professionals became aware that the whole trip is a speculation on the part of Sir. W. G. Grace. There fore the professionals grumble at the large profits pocketed by the captain, and the | smouldering dissatisfaction is reported to have broken out into a hot dispute at Ararat on the journey from Stawell to Warrnambool. The refusal of Mr. W. G. Grace to let the A.E.E. attend the projected banquet at Warrnambool will not heal the evident breach. It would be injudicious to go ou as at present, with some of the Eleven openly scoring as little as possible, but it is difficult to guess at the means that might heal the rupture between our in teresting hut this time disappointing visitors.' Mr. Bennett, proprietorof the Netc York Herald, has offered a cup worth £1,000 for competition between the Harvard, Yule, and Cambridge or Oxford boating- crews, if any one or both of the latter will go out to America and try their skill against Yankee rowers. The cup has been ordered from Messrs. Hancock. Mr. Bennett is also pro jecting an expedition to the North Pole. He is tired of the repeated failures of Govern ment expeditions, and will give the world another example of what private enterprise may accomplish in the interests of science. He will give the same laconic instructions to the commader as those he addressed to Stanley when despatched to find Living stone. In this case it will be "Discover the North Pole. Spare nj|expense." •A- man has died in London from drink ing " sherry" wine. The analysis of the wine showed that it did not contain 20 per cent, of the juice of the grape. A marked case of hydrophobia from the bite of a cat has occurred in Liverpool. A boy of nine, five weeks after the infliction of the wound, which had been cauterised and dressed, gradually became averse to tlia sight or mention of water, and died in great agony from a succession of convulsive fits. Tasmaman journals regard with some un easiness the fact that the young men of the colony are leaving her shores to better their fortunes elsewhere. The Tribune states that of ilie 40 passengers who sailed in the Glencoe for Dunedin on Sundav morning, no fewer than 23 were young men, natives of the colony, many of whom had just finished their apprenticeship, and passages are being sought after by young men, eager to leave the colony, and it is reported that the vessels Southern Cross and Natal Queen take with them more sons of the soil. The Brisbane. Courier (Jan. 6) writes:— '* They have had some exceedingly breezv weather 'up north' lately. " All our Northern exchanges contain accounts of the tornadoes, cyclones, hurricanes, and other specimens of JEolian ill-temper with which various parts of the country has been visited. At Millchoster the very founda tions of the bank were shaken, and almost everything lighter than a crushing machine blown away. The principal coasolation of the p iople in those parts appears to be the fi ct that most of the buildings are com posed of galvanised iron and bark—material that admits of being reconstructed without much trouble/' The West-land Register says:—A young Don Juan, a resident at Ilokitika, recently persuaded a girl to elope from Stafford with him. He brought her to Ilokitika, where he concealed her. Her parents followed, but were unable to discover her for some time. At last, however, the youth was persuaded to point out her habitat, on a solemn promise being given that she was not to be taken away. However, a cart was in readiness, and the fair lev&nter; was i escorted home in triumph by her parents and a posse of sweethearts, to the intense disgust of the outwitted youth, whose' opinion about the cuteness of*older persons! than himself is somewhat altered. 1 A correspondent of the lytteUon Times writes as follows, from the Kowai, on December 22nd :—The most dastardlv action ever known in this district was perpetrated a few days ag« on a sheep belonging to Messrs. Hopkins and Anson. The "poor animal drew the attention of a gentleman on the station by its peculiar movements. On going up to it he found a piece of string or small rope tied round its horns, and both its eves picked out, apparently with a pen knife. The sheep (a wether) was found on a flat near the homestead. It is very evident there is some one at libery who ought to he under the charge of the Govern ment, and as it would be a difficult matter to find out the malicious scoundrel, he is likely to remain a little while longer at liberty. To be " a day behind the fair" in the re lation of news is an awkward predicament for auy journalist. But a worse predica ment is that of being a day before the fair.! An Edinburgh journal, however, has got into the latter quandary. The Right Honorable W. E. JJaxter, M.P. • for the borough of Dundee, intending to address his constituents on the evening of the 30th i ult., prepared the address he was about to de liver, had it put in type, and sent copies beforehand to the newspapers. Iiy some mistake the speech found its way "on the morning of the 30th into the paper alluded to. The oddity of the thing was enhanced by a paragraph following the speech, and which stated that it was warmly applauded in the course of its delivery, and that at the close a vote of continued confidence in Mr. Baxter was agreed to. When they make an oyster bed, do they use a seaweed mattress't 