ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. CORPORATION IMPUDENCE. To the Editor of the Queensland Times. SIB,-So it appears that Alderman Ohubb, with that desire for fame which has ever characterized him, has taken it into his head to make a start for a racecourse. He is determined the people are not to have anything to do with it. O, no! it must be under the enlight ened management of the Corporation-a body distin guished for its discrimination and patriotism ; and as a matter of course the great W'atkins, ever desirous of having a slap at his betters, wasted his wind in an at tack on the North Australian Jockey Club. Really, the insolence of thisold sMan is beyond bearing. How different from his style at election time, when going about begging for a vote with a kind of expression of "Pity the sorrows of poor old Obarley !" The gros impertinence of this man's remarks ean he best judged from the faot of the body of which he is a member being indebted several thousand pounds, so that a great portion of the rates colleyted are ex pended in paying interest; and ihis very debt, which is now pressing so heavily, was sanctioned and sup ported by this very virtuously-indignant alderman. The consequence is, that if the Corporation were put to the same test as the club, it would be ebivered to atoms, like an old rotten -tub. Barely the club will not submit to have their meeoat inge subject to the degradation of being interfered with by the Ipswich Corporation, whose proper emblem is seen outside the School of Arts doors in the shape of two dirty lamps. But to come to the'point at once. The proper course for the club is to meetand, without delay, send a deputation to wait on the Minister, who will, I have no doubt, grant their request. If this is not attended to the whole.thing will go to the ground, for it-is evident the Corporation of late years is looked upon as a plaything by the various Governments. I cannot help saying that the whole thing sounds very faunny. Imagine the Ipswich Corporation race courseI What a sight it would be to see Aldermen Mecfarlane and Hargreaves proceeding to the race course with Messrs. Chubb and Watkins in red coate and tights, and there, while enjoying their Hennessy, ogling the bar-girl! O, ghost of Nimrod, was there ver sueach a sight P? Talk of finding a mouse's nest in a eat's ear, why it would lick even Corporation impu denoe hollow. Yours, Ipswich, July q. MATEPAYER. 