VOICE OF THE PULPIT. 'iThla column Is entirely supplied by correspondents, frjid every communication wo receive on Monday morn ings upon tho eubjoct has Ito placo hore.J " At tho Lonsdale stroet Baptist Ohnroli tho £av. JohnTitrnor proaohod in the morning from Hebrews x., 1G, 17.—" This is tho covonant that I will make with them after thoso days naitb tho Lord, I will put my Iowa into thoir hearts, and in their minds will I write them, and their sins and iniquities will I remomber BO more." The subject was divided under two heads : — 1st, The Speaker, and that frhioh ho promises. 2nd. Those addressed, and that which thoy rocoivo. The Speaker Is tho Lord Jehovah. Tho first covenant made was ono of conditions now put aside ; the covenant now undor our consideration is ono of grace. It is on this rock so many professors split. In these days by means of pulpit oratory and othor display mon are persuaded lo bo religions, but inasmuch as human nature has no affinity to Christ, all the appeals will bo in vein, excopt to those included in this covenant. Jere miah, in speaking of tho now covenant, Bays, "They shall teach no more evory man his neighbor, saying Know tho Lord, for they shall all know Mo, from tho least of them unto tho greatest of thom." Tho popular Interpretation of this passage is, that some future timo is hero referred to, viz., the mllleuium ; but we aro privileged to bear testimony to the gradual fulfillment of this promise now. Paul in the ninth ohapter of his epiatls to tho Romans clearly points out the people included in this indefinite ad- jootivo pronoun, "all," viz. -. "Tho children of the promise, who shall all know Him, from tho least to tho greatest." Jehovah must tako tho initiative ; mark tho words of our text. He says "I will put my laws in their hoarts," not that He will endeavor to allure mon to como to Him if thoy will. Ho, no, His work Is ono of positive certainty, which noither tho machinstionB of man nor Satan can retard. Nothing can obliterate the writing of the hand of God. It is the province of the Spirit of Truth to convinoe tho sinner of sin, Paul gives us a graphic description of the I Holy Spirit's work within his heart (tho like emotion in a greater or less degree is folt in duo timo by every vessel of iueroy). " For sin, taking occasion by tho commandment, deceived mo, and by it slow mo." How many of the religious world understand any- thing'of this being Blain? Remembor, it was not of Paul's seeking No, be was stopped In Mb career of sin without man's interven tion. Paul was slain, in a goBpel sense, of all hopo of boing able to keep God's holy law in and of himself as a creature. "Not tho laborcf my hands Can fulfil thy law's demands ; Could u y z al no rovpito know, Could oy tears for ever ilow, AU for sin cculd not atone : 7hon must save, aod Thou alone !" Sin lies silent, concealed till the law comes (like the gently flowing stream that gives no evidence of the impurities at the bottom till there is a commotion), and then it appears to US as it does to God, heinons in the extreme. "Some oi ub can remember when this ohango took place. This is a credential you will never lose. The law written in the minds of TTi. people is tho genuine sentiment of the enlightened son!, and as tho Holy Spirit's teaching is always in accordance with tho Scriptures wo are positive of their authon- Hcity. Wo view Christ as slain for us, his sufferings so intense that he can remember ' Ogr sins no more. At Iho West Melbourne Presbyterian Church, on Sunday forenoon, the Rev. A. Robertson preached Irom tho words in Prov. xxv. 25, " Good news from a far country." Alluding first to the singing tour of the two | Americans, Sankey and Moody, in Scotland, j Mr. Robertson sold that many young and excitable people had been very much roused and affected towards religion by thcee musical performances, and that It was evident that these two gentlemen were doing a groat work for God, and wore bringing down an out- ! pouring ol tho Spirit on their audiences. We ought to " wrestle with God" in prayer untd wo got all wo wanted, and tho parable of Jacob's struggle with the angel was cited, ud interpreted as an actual occurrence which should encourage us to fight and wrestle with God, both at homo and in the Banotuary in William street. Soiontifio mon were quite mistaken about prayor having no effect. To be sure, the days are past when we could stop the sun and moon in the heavens, like Joshua ; but there is nothing to prevent us from wrestling with God, so &s; to make Him override the laws whioh govorn the weather, public health, and such like minor things j and besides, to give us His spirit freely, which will confor upon us, BS the Scripture says, power to heal all -diseases and to tread unhurt on ecrpents. In deed, the Scripture says that all truo be lievers muBt of necessity bo ablo to do such things, Tho rov. gentleman had not time to refer at length to the crucial test of disoiplo- ship to ChriBt. ' ' By this shall all mon know that vo aro my disciples, if ye have love one to another," and put all dissensions far from , tmn Presbvterians. "Unity" was the subject of a sormon preached in tho Catholic Apostolic Church, Queensberry street, on Sunday evening. The prcachor said he would consider tho subject not in tho abstract ae having existence in the mind nlone, but in the ooncroto in rela tion to that of whioh it was an attribute. Unity had a position ond real existence ; its source was divine, for it subsists in Him who is tho Eternal One, of whom unity is an eternal attribute. In the patriarohal dis penaatlon God was worshipped In the Person of tho Father. It was not till tho Abrahamic, or Jewish dispensation, that God tho Son was manifested ; nevertheless the word to Xsrsel was " Hear, O Israel, tho Lord thy God is ono Lord." So that for noarly 4000 ' the unity of ' the Godhead was alone Seen, Notwithstanding there woro in tho Old Testament SoriptureB clear indications of a plurality of persons, which, ii properly received, waa no contradiction to tho truth .of unity of Godhead. God had nevor re vealed aught but what was eternally true. It was eternally true that there waa but one God. Tho Unitarian was correct in in affirming this trntb, but wrong in denying tbo divine personality of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. The sects of Christendom were gonerally correct in what thoy affirmed, but wrong in their negations. It was a re markable faot that tho Unitarian who denied tho plurality of persons in tho Godhead should exalt that attribute of deity, viz., lovo ; which, above every other, proves tho doctrina of plurality to be true. For if God, who is unchangeable, be love, Ho was, from all eternity, love, and therefore, there must havo boon eternally coexistent with Him an object of that attribute, who could bo none other than God himself. Several passages in the Old Testament were quoted, Indioating plurality of persons, which, tho preacher contended, was quite consistent with the truth of unity in the Godhead. He sub mitted that man waB mado In tho imago of God, in that ho was endowed with tho three fold constitution of spirit, sonl, and body, with powers of will, word, and act, which respectively corresponded with the oharaoter and attribnteof the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost— a truth wbioh muss no mail mgua ui uy kuuou wuu uoujt plurality. To prove tho divino personality o tho Son, passages wero quoted to show that the angols wore oommandod to worship Him, worehip boing duo to God alone, The Holy Ghost, alao, was a person, not an influonoo, because Scripture aeoribed to Him the power of will, which was the distinguishing feature of personality. The mystery of a Trinity in Unity it would be unreasonable to rejeot, on tho gronnd that it could not bo grasped by the intellect. Everything which surrounds ps runs up into mystery, Thoro wore men who held that matter was eternally exfat.ont, but because they oonld not explain that exist j Moo thoy would pot think denying it, 1 The doatrine of tho Trinity in Unity was not contradictory to reason, but simply boyond It. God isaSplrit, and we knowabsolutely nothing nothing of the qualities proper to spiritual substances. The preaoher concluded by stat ing that it was this divine unity whioh onght ' to be manifested in the Christian Churoh, and that It was tho purpose of God ultimately to bring together in ono (Ephes. 1.) all things In \- Jesus Christ, a glorious unity whioh would bo manifested throughout oreation, knitting together ail things visible and invisible in indissoluable nnion to things eternal. There was a fair attendance, and the dlsconrso was listened to with intorost. jl Mr. Tyerman delivered Mb soventh lecture on tho " Biblo Turned Inside Ont," In tho Polytechnic Hall, last night. The interest in these lootares is no way diminished, as tho building was crowded to overflowing again. It was shown that tho Bible of Christians was only ono of many biblea which tho human race possessed. Tho Mahommedans, Hin doos, Parsees, and othor peoples had thoir bibles or aaored books, which wero as much the Word of God to them as our Biblo was to Christians ; and thoy revered and obeyed them much more faithfully than the majority of Christians did thoir Soriptures. Tho religious leaders of most peoples havo deemed it necessary to have a Word of God to be an authority and gaido, more especially in the religious concerns of lifo ; but as those people, advanced they would cast asido those Bibles as hauian Inventions, designed to enBlavo thoir intellect and conscience ; and would bo guided by thoso laws which God has inscribed on thoir own being, and on tho vast pages of creation. Tho leoturor had only to do with tho Biblo which Christians accepted as the Word of God. Ho bad shown in former lectures that on sevoral grounds it could not bo regarded as nothing bat inspired and infalliblo troth. Was it throughout historically probable and trust worthy ? That was the question /or the evening. Ho thought not. Who aould be lieve the story of Jonah and tho whalo ? It was shewn that a whalo could hardly swallow a man's arm, much less his whole body, and that without injuring it. In order to get over the difficulty somo Biblcal writers suggested that a shark was probably meant ; bat unfortunately for that assumption, ChriBt declared it was a whale, and as Ho was supposed to be God, Ho would, of course, know. Was tho Master of His Bervants to he accepted to settle tho question ? If a shark, it mnst have had a rtiflforent'dis position sharks now-a-days to pass Jonah twice through his jaws without even scratching his skin. Other writers supposod tho story was merely an allegory, and not literal history, but there was no warrant for that supposition. Besides, if it wero an allegory, so might tho burial and rerarreotlon of Christ be, whioh it was said to typify'. Most Christians, however, regarded the whole thing as a miracle. That was an easy hut not satisfactory way of meeting the difficulty. A miracla was only a refago for ignorance and superstition. So much faith had some people in the Bible and miracles, that if it was recorded that Jonah swallowed the whale, they wonld easily swallow the story as a truth. What miserable shaffles believers hod to resort to to maintain the credit of their Scriptures. The narrative of the standing still of the sun and moon was next examined; Joshua evidently knew nothing of astronomy. He should bavo commanded the earth) and not the oac, to stand still. But, as the earth careers- through, spaco-at the rate of nineteen miles a second, or ono million six hundred and forty-one tHouaond miles- a- day, they might imagine what would bavo been the resultof such a sudden, stoppage. Thoy know tho result of a ship oi-train being suddenly stopped when going at full speed. But why Bhould- the moon be stopped:' It was net . needed to show tho-suciight, and might have been allowed to go on its course, to light up the ether hemisphere, where tbe sun was so much,- behind time. What was the- reason assigned for fbia mfracls? Was it to allow some wise and beneficent purpose to be ful filled ?. No. It was to afford time and light for a. work of brutal, cruel butchery, to bo completed. What blasphemy, to teaoh that tho Father of ail wonld- work, suoh a miracle for such an object! The ease of the supposed authors of uertain hooks in the Eible writing an account of their own death and burial, was also nrgei-against the book. MoseB, Joshua, and Samael were instanced. The theories usually employed to meet this difficulty were examined and shown to be utterly insufficient. Tho French Protestants living in. Belgium are signing an address to the-Frotestant mem bers oil tho National Assembly against the- restoration of the Monarchy. 