TIIE SP111ITISTS OUTDONE., The London correspondent of tho Bir mingham Post writes : — "If any devout Spiritists prevail in t.lio -.idlands, they should tnnkon pilgrimage at once to the Crystal .Palace at -Sydenham. There tiro two mcdiumB there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooko, who have great quali fications for astounding them. They greatly surpass tiio Davenport Brothers. They mako tables .dance," walking sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through tho air — not in tho dark seance but in tho open daylight. Tho audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding each othors bauds liko so many idiots, but with powerful opera glassos iu their hands, are invited on tho stage, and sit tlioir during the per formance — " manifestations I ought to say. ' A cabinet is placed, before 'tho audience,' elevated so. that persons can see under it, and over it, and ou both sides of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on 'the stage, who can watch behind it. The floor below is covered with a carpet which -renders tho uso of a trap- door impossiblo, and there aro no possible means by which porsons . placed iu tho box- could escape 'from -it without observation, yet a man enters tho bos, his legs tiro locked in heavy wooden stocks ; when tho door is opened tlie. inan is gono and no one can conccivo iu what way lie -has disappeared. He returns to his box in the garb of a. gorilla manifesting Satanic proclivities, lie 8iicceeda in draggiug'iuto his: cabinet one King Bill, a butchor, and both gorilla and butcher are goue when tho door is again open :sand although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to bo on tho stage, and a Very luct'edulous and suspicious gpntlemen from tho body of tbo meeting, yet neither could dis-. covor how the disappearance 'came about. -.Whether tho gorilla ato'the butcher, or whether the butcher ate tho gorilla, or whether both ato each other, no cine was ' able to say oy to suggest iu , what possible manner they could disappear. The Maskelono and Cooko spirits excel all others that havo over troubled the world before. The Daven port Brothers "were always found in their cabinet. They wore liko spirits who had lost their legs, they never could, get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long ( time tho Spiritists have been, so they say; getting the bettor of the world, but now the children of the' world have got the hotter 'of the spirits. Mr. Maskelene nnd Miv Crooke play spiritists' pranks which no Cock- lane ghost could pretend to, and1 which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees iu wonder and adoration! Two centuries ago, the end of Messrs. Maskelene nnd Cooke would : have been fire and faggot.". . 