HOLL&ND; HOUSE. /From the Spectator.) TIrm Princess Marie Liechtenstein tells the story of the old house in which her girlhood was chiefly passed, simply and well. It is a pleasant old house to look at, grand, rich, and full of treasures of art, and of histori cal association, but eminently home-like and comfortable, with none of the dreariness of a show-place about it; a house which even its ghosts-it has two-cannot render ter rible. Its mellow old red brick walls, its gables, its twisted chimneys, and its ever greenery, make it cheerful even in a London winter; and in a London summer it is beau tiful, with forms of beauty strange indeed to be found just off a populous high-road the majesty of forest trees and tropical plants, and the cool gladness of grassy alleys and bright gardens, where birds still sing tumultously, though Nightingale-lane is now a misnomer. Holland House is a museum, without the glass-cases, the labels, and the petrifactions, and with all its sug gestions and associations within compara tively easy reach. There was an ancient manor- house in "Chesinton "' from the days of the conquest, but Sir Walter Cope pulled it down, and built Cope Castle, afterwards called Holland House, when his heiress Isabel married Henry Rich, whom James I sent to Spain to aid in negotiating the Spanish marriage which never took place, and whom Charles sent to court Henrietta Maria for him. In the troubles of Charles's reign, Rich, created first Baron Kensington, and then Earl of Holland, was rather a waverer than a traitor; but with the ill-luck of indecision, the King first and then the parliament called it treason to each re snectively, and he was beheaded in Palace Yard on the 9th of March, 1648. The Erl of Holland is one of the ghosts. His Gil Room is a magnificent apartment, which once boasted of frescoes of great value, copies by Cleyn of the Nozze Aldobrandini, which have disappeared. But all the decorations and paintings have been restored by Mr. Watts, and they are of great beauty; the furniture accords perfectly with the taste of the seventeenth century, and all is just as it may have been at the time when the Earl of Holland contemplated its perfect readi ness for the ball which he was to have given to Charles and Henrietta Maria; but which, after all the splendid preparations, never took place, for some unexplained reason. Many brilliant crowds have thronged the Gilt Room since, and princes and princesses not a few among them; but if they linger there till midnight there comes an unseen spectator gliding from out a recess, stained by three ineffaceable drops of blood upon the wall, and walks slowly through the splendid scene, carrying his head in his hand. He must be quite a figure for a fancy ball if he still retain his last earthly garb, for he was executed in a white satin waistcoat and a white satin cap with silver lace. Then it is said that General Fairfax inhabited Holland House, General Lambert made it his head quarters, and Cromwell used to take Ireton out into the fields, in order -to hold safe counsel with him in the sustained roar which the Ironsides deafness rendered necessary. But the Countess of Holland got back he, house in time and had stage plays performed when the theatres were. shut by the Puri tans. The second period of interest about Holland House was when Addison lived there as the unhappy husband of the Coun tess of Warwick (the second Earl of Hol land had become the fifth Earl of W?arwick in 1673, and this lady was the widow of the sixth); and died, according to the stage story, which we should like to disbelieve, and which we regret was ever written. In 1679 Holland House was let on lease to Henry Fox, at a rent which sounds absurd now, £182 16s. 91.-eighteen years later he bought it, and selected his title from it when he was raised to the peerage. Sir Stephen Fox, Henry's father, was upwards of seventy-six when his sons, the future Earl of Ilchester and Baron Holland were born, and forms a connecting link between widely divided eras. He whose eson was Chatham's rival was the lucky individual to whose lot it fell to announce the death of Cromwell to Charles II. That Sir Stephen Fox, who, among other deeds, founded Chelsea Hos pital, was an estimable man, we cannot doubt; but he was very prosperous indeed, and there is a quaint touch in Evelyn's de scription of him as continuing "to be as humble and ready to do a courtesy as ever he was" under such thriving circumstances as these :-" He is so highly in her Majesty's esteem, and so useful, that being long since made a knight, he is also advanced to be one of the lords commissioners of the trea sury, and has the reversion of the cofferer's place after Harry Brouncher. He has mar ried his eldest daughter to Lord Cornwallis, and gave her £12,000, and restored that en tangled family besides. He matched his son to Mrs. Trollope, who brings with her (hesides a great sum) near, if not altogether, £2000 per annum. Sir Stephen's lady (an excellent woman) is sister to Mr. Whittle, one of the King's chirurgeons. In a word, never was man more fortunate than Sir Stephen; he is a handsome person, virtuous, and very religious." Virtuous and very re ligious his son Harry Fox certainly was not, and the Princess cuts the story of his private life judiciously short, though she gives an amusing correspondence concerning his clandestine marriage with Lady Caroline Lonaox in full, and records that his wife, who survived him only twenty-three days, never ceased .to love him. Of the second Lord Holland, who died six months later than his father, there is not much to be said, except that he was "good- natured and bril liant." The house which in " Harry Fox's" rime had been a centre of political and social life, was let during the minority of the third lord, thus undergoing a temporary eclipse, to shine out again with a steady brightness until a few years ago. Holland House is a pleasant place still, but it has changed the nature and the aspect of its attractions. It is no longer a foyer of celebrities in politics, diplomacy, literature, and art, it is only one of the " best" houses in London. We have explained on a former occasion why we do not regret this change, why we are glad that intellect is no longer tempted to wear even such flower-decked fetters; but the picture of the " proof-house," as the Princess calls it, is wonderfully bright. All the stories that ever turn up about Charles James Fox are old stories, and yet they are as good as new, so that the chapter devoted to him, though he was not even born in Holland House, and never owned it, is as pleasant as it is appropriate. In 1796 the third Lord Holland, who wrote of himself, a short time before his death, " ' Nephew of For, and friend of Grey, Enough my meed of fame If thosn who deign'd to observe me, say I injured neither name,' " -returned to England from his grand tour, being then twenty-three years old, and' restored Holland House, "practically by fitting it up at good expense for his own habitation, and intellectually by bringing together those writs and geniuses who in vested it with greater brilliancy than it had enjoyed even in the days of Addison." A list which Elizabeth, Lady Holland, gave to Sir James Mackintosh enables us to summon up the picture of the famous salon in the third lord's time, just as a servant's memorandum, accidentally discovered, ena bles us to see the giltroom, and the people who danced, and played cards, and ate and drank there one May night in 1753, a picture like Browning's of Venice in Carnio val. To this list some brief characteristic remarks are added, with a quaint effect iq some instances; as, for example, " Wishaw; whose sense made his opinions valuable to have, and also difficult to obtain;" and "Bannister and Kemble, of the boards." Is the latter high-polite for actor ? From 1799-when the names of the most distin suished of the Emigres are on the list-to 1840, there was hardly a remarkable man in politics, science, or literature, begioning with Oharles James Fox and Monk Lewis, and ending with Lord Houghton, who had not been a guest at Holland House. The wife of the third Lord Holland was, we suppose, the rudest and most overbearing woman of distinction since Sarah Jennings, and though Sydney Smith and a few other men resisted her insolence, it is to be feared she bullied the women who visited at Rolland House to her heart's content; and Mr. Allen's position in her household must have been undignified, considering his attainments and acknowledged intellectual qualities. "To Lady Holland he must have booeen a friendly factotum. He almost always attended her in her drives, was usually invited out with her and Lord Holland to linner, and at Holland House sat at the bottom of the table and carved. In this performance Lady Holland was apt to fidget him by giving him directions, and he would assert his independence by telling her she had better do it herself!" How like the Virginians this passage eoundsl Every body went to Lady Holland's dinners, but everybody hated her dinner-hour, half-past six. Somebody said to Talleyrand, "I wonder why Lady Holland dines at such no hour ?" Talleyraud solemnly drawled out "Pour gener tout le monde!" The host was perhaps not quite so clever as some among his company, but his " mimicry was inoffensive, his wit did not pain, and his subtlety was in all straightforwardness." His strong point was a passionate devoted. ness to Napoleon, which sometimes ran into -he absurd. In Napoleonic relics, Holland House may vie with Madame Tussaud'e; but the snuff-box which the Emperor intended Cor Lady Holland, and which she received ,fter his death, was beqeathed by her to the British Museum. 'lbts legacy of a dead sna's snuff-box gave rine to a tempest within the inner circle of intimates, and Lord Car isle, with his unhappy facdity for rhyming, wrote a remonstrance-preaerved among the .ISS. at Holland House-which is almost econceivably ridiculous. Of course, in the alon.system a vast amount of nonsense mus9t ao talked and written, but we should thiank these verses (two out of seven) have never been surpassed : " Ltdy, reject the cift, beneath its lid Decord, and slaughter, and rltentlesq war, With every plague to wretched man lay hid, Let not these loose to range the world afar. Sty what congenial to his heart of stone In thy soft bosom could the tyrant trace? When does the dove the eagle's friendship own P Or the wolf hold the lamb in pure embrace ? " Then comes a solemn adjuration of the odd combination of the lamb and dove-(one thinks of Mr. Mantalini, and his " dem'd avasge lamb" on the occasion)-to " plunge the craet mischief"-meaning the snuff-box \--"in wide oceans flood; " or, as Holland House is not a marine residence, and, "our own majestio stream "-meaning the Thames -is bhandy, to pitch it into "the only stream he could not dye with blood." Lady Hol land amply repaid the noble rhymster's officiousness by preserving the poem. The era was one of verse-writing, and there are several specimens not to be despised in this hook. Lord Holland compliments his wife tpon her introduction of dahlias into England in remarkably neat couplets, just as this famous uncle complimented Mrs. Fox upon her admirable qualities, in lines at once epi gramatio and well- deserved. With the third Lord Holland, who died in 1840, in, the house which "five hundred travelled people asserted to be the most agreeable in Europe" where such good thinogs were said. seen, eaten, and drunk, as were not to be found elsewhere-its second epoch of intellectual brilliancy and sacial fame came to an end. The fourth Lord Holland lived more abroad than in England-at Florence, " en cnuraging art and welcoming artists ;" at Paris, " presiding over an intellectual circle;" in Holland House, " preserving and improv ing the glorious old fabric, for which he had bse greatest affection." Macaulay has described the society of Holland House at the zenith of its fame ; or, as the Princess prettily says, " he has painted a brilliant picture, and only excluded the artist," and now she has set the picture in a tasteful frame. As she leads us over the old house, room by room, fresh objects of interest attract at every step-from the walking stick, the pistols, and the sword of prudence, whbich are relics of Charles James Fox, and kept in still what is called the smoking room, but is really a receptaole for MSS, to thbe treasures of the library in detail, with its precious autographs, busts, and portraits where the ghosts muster strong, if one sum mons them in the words of Macaulay's iocan tation. Many mementoes, some royal, others of the homelier kind which tell of human love and its sacred ties and sorrows, lend a pe culiar interest to the yellow drawing-room. The most frequently recurring associations are perhaps those with Rogers and Moore. We find them constantly inside and outside the house, and dips into their letters are among the treats which the Princess lays out in the dining-room; while, when we are taken into the Dutch garden, it is from Rogers's seat that we read Luttrell's verses, and won der how he found inspiration in the fact that " the season was June," considering that it was he who described the English climate as " on a fine day, like looking up a chimney; on a rainy day, like looking down it." The beautiful green lane is the scene of the second ghost story. It was, according to Aubrey's Miscellanies, under its grand arcades that " the beautifil Lady Diana Rich, daughter to the Earl of Holland, as she was walking in her father's garden at Kensington, to take the fresh air before dinner, about eleven o'clock, being then very well, met with her own apparition, habit, and everything, as in a looking-glass. About a month after she died of the small- pox. And 'tis said her sister, the Lady Isabelle (Thinne), saw the like of herself also before she died." In the alley, Louis Philippe, the exiled king, who had frequented Holland House during the emigration, passed many quiet hours ; and the Duke and Duchess d'Aumale were food of fishing with the late Lord Holland in the Mloats, where, in 1804, Captain Best shot Lord Camelford. The Princess has selected wisely among the innumerable associations. They will continue, in certain senses, to accu mulate, for Holland House will no doubt, when it shall have passed into the possession n! the elier branch of the Fox family-the Earl of llohester's-maintain its social emi nence. 