WESLEYAN CHURCH, STRATHALBYN. RE-OPENING SERVICES. For some considerable time past the old Wes leyan Church in Strathalbyn has not only been an eyesore to the worshippers but many others in the town — its quaint style of architecture and delapidated appearance rendering it far from being in keeping with the other religious edifices. Some of the enthusiastic members of the Church and congregation, who were anxious for a larger and sightlier building, termed the old collection of bricks and mortar as "a sectionally chopped barn, pierced with elongated windows," "a cage," and other remarks far from classical or complimentary. Now, however, it may be fairly considered as a thing of the past, for a portion of it has been razed to the ground, and what remained standing has been added to in such a manner as to make the present Church one of the prettiest buildings in the town. The former structure was generally considered by strangers as one of the lions of the place — its beau!y and attractiveness consisting in its ugliness, like a lady's pug-dog. The matter of enlarging and improving the Church had been under consideration for some considerable time, but in consequence of the failure in the crops for several successive seasons nothing definite was done until the evening of June 20 of last year, when a meeting of the congregation was held to receive the report of the Trustees and Church Committee as to the advisability or otherwise of proceeding with the contemplated improvements. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, whom we need hardly say was a firm advocate of the proposed work. Mr. Alfred Catt having read the Committee's report, a conver sation of some length ensued, in which Messrs. Catt, Stephens, Watt, Jennings, Elliott, and others took part, when it was unanimously resolved to carry out the necessary improvements. A subscription list was then opened with very satisfactory results. A beautiful design with specifications were obtained from Mr. James Cumming, architect, of Adelaide, and tenders invited, when that of Mr. James Kennedy, of this town, was accepted for between £600 and £700. The last service in the old chapel was preached to a crowded congregation by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson on Sunday evening, August 10th, and early on the following morning the work of demolition commenced. We duly mention be fore the venerable structure was pulled down the Committee immortalized it by the aid of photo graphy, so as to hand down the work of art as an heirloom to future generations to remind them of the primitive and barnlike building in which their forefathers worshipped in true simplicity of spirit in the day of small things. Having thus briefly introduced the subject, we append an architectural description of the building : — The style is Gothic, while the form of the openings — which are carried out in keeping with those in that portion of the old structure which remains — gives it a Norman character. The interior dimensions are 51 by 30 feet, with 38 feet from floor to ridge, with seating accommoda tion for about 250 people. The aisle doors are composed of Huon pine panels, in American pine framing, and are fitted with Copardo's patent elastic springs, so that they open and shut noise- lessly. The floor in the new part or towards the front is raised in steps for pews, which are not yet put in according to the new design. When the funds admit of the completion of this part of the work the pews on one half of the floor next the platform will be fixed in curves round it, while those on the stepped part will be fixed in the ordi nary way. The old pulpit and platform have been replaced by new ones of a different form and at lower levels ; they are of cedar and open castiron work of Gothic design. The wall behind the plat form is broken up by a Norman arched hood and a door on each side for access to a schoolroom con templated in the plans. The interior of the walls is finished in rough stucco with hood moulds in plaster over the openings. The ceiling is girt by a moulded cornice, and is broken up by moulded panels and centre flowers with latticed and per forated work in the centre, forming part of the arrangements for ventilating the building. Provision is made for the admission of fresh air under the floor and the exit of vitiated air through the roof, and both to be regulated at pleasure. There is no window facing the plat form, but the exterior of the front is broken up by a spacious gabled vestibule, having a triplet window in front and an entrance door in a porch like projection at either side. By this arrange- ment draught can be excluded from the windward side, while ready access is preserved by the opposite door to either of the two aisles. The walls are of hard dark stone, and the dressings are of Portland cement. The roofs are covered with slate from Willunga. The ridges are sur- mounted by a neat castiron cresting, and the front gables of the main building and vestibule by finials of wrought iron. The cost, when the plans are fully carried out, will be about £1,000. The design and the work so far completed reflect the highest credit upon both architect and builder, and the tout ensemble is a decided architectural improvement to the town. SUNDAY'S SERVICES. On Sunday morning an excellent sermon was . preached by the Hev. J. Bickibrd. of Adelaide, who based his remark- on the third chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to Titus, the fourth and part of the fifth verses — ' But after that the kiudness and love of God our Saviour toward man ap peared, not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved I us.' The rev. gentleman commenced his dis- ' course by referring to the circumstances which sailed forth the epistle j the tiuiulness and depra vity of the human heart; and the idolatrous practices of the ancient Pagan world. In the previous verse to that sel c ed for the text the , apostle said 'For we ourselves were also some * tiuie3 foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving ^ divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.' In his Epistle to the Romans he referred to the matter iu a more forcible manner when he said ' and even as. they did not like to retain God iu their knowledge, (iod gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things that are not convenient; r^jsg ailed with all unrighteousness ; backbiters, he- _rs of God, despiteful, proud, baasters, inven tors of evil things, disobedient to parents, with out .understanding, covenant breakers, with out natural affection, implacible, unmerciful : who knowing the judgment of God that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure iu them that do them ; but after that the kind ness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared.' He then took his hearers to the Garden of Eden, where the 'original siu' was committed by our first parents, and followed by expatiating on the various types and promises of a Saviour which were contained in the Old Testa ment until the angels heralded our Lord's advent by singing sweet songs of joy to the shepherds who were tending their flocks by night on tu plains of Bethlehem. ' Not by works of right eousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us.' fie then very beauti fully enlarged upon the infinite love of God to erring humanity, and the great debt of gratitude owing by man to his long-suffering and compas sionate Maker. in the afternoon the services were continued, when the liev. J. H. Williams based an excel lent discourse on tlie latter part of the seventh r verse of the 51st Psalm — *' V\ ash iue and l-b.-«vll be whiter than snow.' The rev, gentleman com menced by saying the earth was beautiful in its summer dress ; but to see it as an emblem of purity and innocence they should be able to look forth en some bright winter's morning when it was covered with a mantle of snow. There was a transparency in the piercing air ; and the few clouds that were seen near the horizon seemed to float in a clearness beyond what belonged to this lower world. The eye failed in some parts to trace the outline of the whitened hills against the sky. Although the air was so transparent, uo speck or stain was seen on all the glistening surface. This bright scene impressed them with the feelings of the beauty of a stainless innoceucy, and a secret wish arose in the heart that this rude, bad world could be for ever purified — that every thing which defileth could be for ever done away with, as no such thing should enter the eternal city. He then considered his text as — 1. Lan guage of conviction. — Of the foulness of sin. — Of the excellency of true holiness 2. Language of sorrow — a deep, genuine, heartfelt sorrow for sin. 3\. Language of desire. — For cleansing. — For heal ing. — For assimilation to God. — For preparation for death and eternity. 4. Language of confi dence. — In the mercy of God. — In the divine pro mises. — In the efficacy of the blood of Jesus to cleanse them from a1! sin, »nd to cleanse them now. Having dwelt at length upon these points, the rev. gentleman urged his hearers to make per sonal application of the truths they had heard to their hearts and lives, as it was by this means only that they could expect to profit. In the evening the Uer. Sir. Hickford discoursed in a very able manner from the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, the 7th and 8th verses — ' And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his power. But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come unto you.' The weather during the whole of the day was very propitious, and the building was crowded at each service — more especially in the afternoon and evening. THE TEA was given in the chapel on the following day, when the attendance was so large that several re lays had to be made, which caused the refectory operations to be very protracted. Notwithstand- ing the great influx of visitors, there was an abundant supply of comestibles of that description usually found at first- class gatherings, which spoke very highly for the forethought and management of the young lady who had charge of the arrangements. The table accommodation was rather limited when the large collection of people is taken into consideration — there being but five trays. The young ladies who presided were Miss, and Misses Sarah and Rosa Stephens, Close, and J. Waddy, who were assisted respec- tively by Misses Catt, Stoddart, A. Kirkham, Harvey, and Waddy. Tea over, the tables were removed for the PUBLIC MEETING, which was held in the evening, when the edifice was literally crammed, a large number of persons being unable to gain admission. The proceedings commenced by singing the 738th hymn, after which the Rev. J. Y. Simpson en- gaged in prayer, and then introduced William Rhodes, Esq., of Adelaide, as Chairman of the meeting. The CHAIRMAN, in his opening remarks, referred to the exquisite beauty of that their new place of worship, and was sorry to find that their minister, Mr. Simpson, had such a short period of time to remain with them, but hoped as he had worked so well to erect such a splendid building the officers of their Church would ask the Conference to allow him to stay and work among them another year. (Hear, hear.) The Wesleyan Sunday School children, under the conductorship of Mr. Elliott, then sang " Jerusalem" from the Service of Song with great taste and precision, Miss Elliott presiding at the harmonium. Mr. Alfred Catt, Secretary to the Building Committee, then gave a brief report of their portion of the work, and said the improvement of the Chapel had been contemplated for some time previous to any decided action being taken in the matter. Some eight months ago, however, it occurred to them that if they intended to en- large their Church then was the time, because they had among them a minister who would work well for the object, and if they did not commence the work immediately they would lose his valuable assistance, as they knew he would soon be removed from the Circuit by effiuxion of time. The Trustees first met, and then called a meeting of the congregation, when the work was taken up in earnest, a subscription-list opened, and designs called for, which had resulted in the erection of their present beautiful building. The whole design had not been carried out, as it was too expensive, but when the finances increased the plans would be completed by adding the school room at the rear of the building. Mr. Thos. Stephens, Treasurer, was then called upon for the Financial Report. He said he could not guarantee the figures as being correct, as he had considerable difficulty in collecting the necessary information. He thought, however, if he had erred it was on the right side. DR. £ s. d. To contract .. ... ... 695 0 0 " architect's fees, advertising, &c;, say 48 0 0 " old debt and interest ... 124 4 0 " sundries — lamps, matting. &c.; ... 26 6 4 " rent of Assembly Room ... ... ... 6 6 0 " do. schoolroom ... ... ... 1 5 0 Total ... .. ... £901 1 4 CR. £ s. d. By subscriptions received ... . 358 16 30 " do. unpaid ... .. ... 118 3 8 " old chapel material ... ... ... 36 0 0 " Mr. Milnes's account . ... .. 5 5 0 " Sunday's collections ... ... ... 17 4 1 " proceeds of tea meeting ... ... ... 12 0 0 " balance ... ... ... 353 11 9 Total ... .. ... £901 1 4 There were several small accounts that had not been rendered, and were consequently not in- cluded in his statement, but he did not think they would amount to much. The last Sunday's collection — £17 4s. Id. — was the best they ever had. The children then sang ' Father, take my hand, in a very pleasing manner. The Rev. J. Y. SIMPSON said when he first saw the old Chapel, about seven years ago, he thought its appearance anything but prepossessing, but they now had a building which was a credit both to themselves and the town. There were not so many ministers on the platform as on other occasions. The Rev. J. F. Henderson, whom he fully expected to have seen with them that even- ing, was away in Adelaide, and the Rev. F. S. Poole was at Wellington attending to Church duties. Still they had the Rev. Mr. Williams among them, who made up their little evangeli- cal band. He then read the list of names with the various amounts promised towards the Build- ing Fund, which it is unnecessary to enter into here, as the total will be found in the Treasurer's Report. One of their members Mr, J. W. Downing — was deserving of very great praise, he having collected nearly £80. Alter referring to the marked success which had attended them in the work of erecting their Church, the rev. gentleman said that that elegant sanctuary was of no use to them unless souls were saved. Though they were a handful of people he sincerely prayed they would all prove faithful in the dis- charge of their Lord's great and good work. Mr. JOSEPH MILNES said when he first came to Strathalbyn, twenty-two years ago, they had no place of worship. Some time afterwards they erected one with a brick pulpit, and since then other churches had been erected in various parts of the town. Reference was then made by him to the rise and progress of Wesleyan Metho- dism in the neighborhood, and the very rapid strides they had lately taken in erecting their present church. It reminded him of the building of the temple at Jerusalem, when the young men rejoiced and the old men wept. He was very thankful indeed that he had been spared to see such a handsome building erected. The children then sang "They are waiting.'' The REV. J. H. WILLIAMS. said their ordinary anniversaries were generally very interesting, but on this occasion there was something extra — the re-opening of their place of worship. He con- gratulated their minister and themselves on the successful completion of the beautiful building in which they were congregated, and was also pleased to find so much money had been collected towards paying for its erection. There were many sources of happiness in the world. Many did not enjoy themselves unless they had plenty of interesting books to read ; while others could never think of happiuess unless they were travelling. Many liked to travel in the Holy Land and tread the place where our blessed Redeemer, who had no guile, traversed. Music had charms to others. Then again there was money which was con- sidered by many as the key to all true happiness. The latter was highly necessary, when they had churches to erect ; but unless it was used wisely, it would prove a curse rather than a blessing. A person once said to him, that the only thing re- quisite to make him happy was matrimony. He (Mr. Williams) had tried most of these things, and could say, he had no objection to money or matrimony. He thought, however, the source of all true happiness was something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. If they lifted up their eyes and looked around them they could see that the harvest indeed was plentiful, but the laborers were few. The man who attended to his duties as he should do in temporal things would find great happiness, but still more so if be at- tended to his own spiritual welfare, and that of those around him. He wished to impress upon the young, the evils of inactivity. Many of them had a habit of looking on and not assisting in work of any kind, but still found fault with others who were industrious. They ought also to love one another and their Saviour who had loved them, even unto death. He would love them if they loved Him. They would then be happy. What a beautiful thing hope was — almost every- thing was done by it. The minister, who preached, the Sabbath School teacher and tract dis- tributer, were all moved by hope. He sincerely trusted they would all find something to do, some- thing to love, and something to hope for, and that God would bless them as a church, their minister and those who labored with him, and upon all who listened to his teaching. The collection was then made, which realized £5 17s. 3d., after which the children sang "There's a Beautiful Land." The REV. MR. SIMPSON proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the ladies for the tea ; to Mr. Elliott and his young friends for the beautiful singing ; to Mr. Williams and the other minister who officiated ; the contractor ; and Chairman. This having been carried by acclamation, the proceedings terminated by the singing of the Doxology and pronouncing the Benediction. The total proceeds amounted to £35 1s. 4d. While the congregation was dispersing, the children sang "Beyond the River" very nicely. The whole of the services proved very suc- cessful, and we congratulate Mr. Simpson on the completion of a work in which he has worked so assiduously. 