IT IS A FACT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE WALLAROO TIMES. Sib,—It is a lact indeed that the other world («o called) is interested in the affair*,ot the earth,especially for those parts once i'ie quented by the departed. This fact should cheer the fleshly ones a Jittle. I always f«el an interest in the Peninsula, especially fur iny own relations i<. KaditM. This week I have heard some of tlieui grumbling seriously against the Cor— Th's rate <»i thiugs will never <io they say. We shall be as as the Israelites under the Egyptian*. The* are 1 believe going to declare another ra.e, (Health rate), and n>w the T. C £. Jm orders to distrain on all in arrears, ami if i;ot paid by a certain time, all our goods am! chattels will be sold or stored in some wheal store somewhere i'or the benefit of the C it. We shall then be at the bitldi « of Joseph, who will supply us *ith corn lot the next seven jears. Aly relations iion't ob ject to the com, but they don't like to be (•rougbt into bondage because of tlu-ir poverty. A brother ghost suggested fright ening the collector. 1 demurred 10 that, be cause if he discovered my old identity, he might tear up my grave. Because my relations felt so sore at heart, I commenced to be more inteiested to kipm the causes. I found that they were unne cessarily strained in tiie purse for unreasonable objects. Had the money been put for sou^e be'ter purposes, they would hear the burden willingly. I found ir« my flights that it w;.s a general complaint, and a great so>e. In a small township like Kadina. said the nife of one •• What do we want with a separaie officer as Sanitary I r to pay him £liju per annum, wlien the s-tme work is done at j Moonta bj' the To»vn Clerk for £J5, and we pay our T. C K £75 per annum when at Xloonta they tady give £50. B!ess me. Kit! thev save the saoita'yship £100 p.-r year?" "'flush ! my dear, hear it a little, if others do grumble, it is a good nillet, nothing : scarcely to do, and I have hopes of getting it some day, as I am acquainted with the prin cipal wen of the town who are. most likely to stand for councillors." *• Well/' she said, a little cooled down "I woulo like you sotnucii to get it. Some one ought to. There are too many EYEb in the C h now " The wife of another sa d, "The T. C——K.'s office i-» in the wrong place, at the extreme end of the township, and I don't like to j»o there un less I order flour, &c.; The most centrai position would be the Exchange 0 s. Where do the councillors bold their meetings my dear, not in that little west end hole surely ? I was in the Ex - e the other day paying tbat little account of Mr X —-s, and it strikes qie there is a very commodious room there. I shall not consent my dear lor youevintobe nominated as councillor lor next election, unless I know they meet in a healthy room." I thought, for a change, I would take a flight into some other street. As the servant was elusion an ouMoor I passed in with tier, skipped upstairs, and was just in time to liear the AI. vo.v, that if begot the swing for another year be woul.1 enforce, the by-laws. The S. I. should carry a pair j of scissors and cut of all and every portion of drapery, saddlery, and fancy ware, and also a i small hatchet to cut off all and every p <rtion or piece of axe-handles, brouns. &<■., outside a certain boundary line. IIo* ridiculous thought I, and so would eveiy one else. I he- ird a remark dropt that the M didn't know the S. I. was so strict. Eh ! Almo-t erery one thinks that T H.- H. who is going to stand the test for M r y will carry the day. Some think he l«oks moie like a M r, others think our town would be better represented if the Governor came. For the same reason some were glad he didn't come at the last show. "Who will J»e our next councillors is also the one «reat enquiry. a»d | the question discussed at every supper table almo-t every night. One thing I noticed in my flights th<tt the majority of the ratepayers have taken notice of the p*st year's ooinu* of the councillors. Almost every supper table agrees that the man of iron R. W. B. and the man of deal and mortar W. H. have tabled and seconded the majority of motions in every meeting. The\ seemed to have used their brains properly fur tlie benefit of the town, and should therefore receive the sup. port of the electors if ever they offered themselves. The man of deal will stand* again I believe, and I hear on every hand he stands well for success. The knight of the hammer some think has kept pace with the other two. If a Ghost may speak from the corner of the C 1 Chamber, he would l.e of an opinion that the three practically ruled affairs, and-the rest followed by their sugges tions. In the eyes of so?»e thev may have strayed now and then, and so do all mortals. Therefore allowance should begiv<>n. and res pect should be shown to them by replacing them in their seats. ~ I overhear severnl say that the Ghost knows too much- But whit can help my see ing and hearing all these thinsi*. It a fact that I have every opportunity for so doing. WALKING GHOST. I* S.—T beg to correct a mistake made in your last issue somehow. Some for Mayor ! suggested t. h. n , some j. C k, some j x. p e, some B— s, and some .Neddy. "either of whom would do the town cre«lit," (instead of neither.) i can only May Sir to correct thenbove; several, it appears, hardly knew bow to take it. 