COLONIAL EXTRACTS. ? {From the Papen). THE "FoivriicoMiNO EXIUIUTION or THE Aoni coiTuitAii SOCIETY.-Arrangements oro being pushed on for the Exhibition, which opens un the' 13th April, The entries in tho ngriculturnl department,' which includes the live stock, are thia year so numerous, that the excoutivo committee have to find a large amount of additional accommodation. . There aro no ICSB than 378 entiles of cotilo, 174 of horses, 136 of sheep, 280 of poultry, J80 ofdngs, 105 of form pro- duce, 121 of Implements. In other aectioin. tho1 entries oro proportionately numerous. So that it will be seen that the coming exhibition, in point of . interest and importance, bids fair to outstrip any of tho proceeding shows. Workmen uro now busily employed in tho election of tho sheds, and in making other preparations lor tho reception nnu proper display of exhibits. Tho Commissioner lor Hallways has ; promised to maka arrangements similar to thoso of previous years for tho conveyance of stock and other exhibits, and for the issue ol' cheap excursion tickets from all stations to Sydney, during tho time tho Exhi- bition remains open.-lierait/. FATAL COLLISION WITH A BULLOCK.-A fino young mon, named Challes Nutting, was killed on the 2Bth Fobinary (says tile TtnlcrfieH S(nr) at Amby. Junction stttlon bv a fall from his horse ; while. drafting cattle on the Camp he carno into collision with a bullock coming at full speed from the opposite direction. When picked up ho was Insensible. Dr.; Mulray was sent tor immediately, but gave no hopes of his recovery. He remained insensible for two days, nnd died without rccoteting consciousness, a blood veesol on tho brain having broken, TUB ANNOYANCES OF CAIIUIEIIS.-A few days ago (says thc ARMIDALE ExniESs) a rnther serious occi- dent with rcgurd to animals occurred nt tho bridge in Matsh-street. A dray laden with lin having passed over, a second was following, but when mar the south end ono ol thc longitudinal timbéis gave Voy, causing a large hole, into which tho dray nnd pole bullookB sank. The leading couples of the bullocks were even- tually detached, the gap M ns enlarged, nnd tho polo of thc dray being cut off, tho all-but-stranglcd bul- locks were allowed to drop into thc bcd of tho creek and thus «ero saved. The Pastoral Times of Saturday observes !-" The case of Joachim versus O'Shunassy is expected to como off next month at Deniliquin. It will undoubtedly be the greatest land case tried silica tho , passing of tho Land Act of New South Woles (1801). Mr. Butler ls retained for Slr Jahn U'ShanoBsy, nnd great care has been token on both sides to get up tho cuse, Plaintiff (Joachim) claims damages lor alleged trespass on selections taken up by him in tho names of his children, while defendant alleges that plaintiff was nnd is a trespasser In the names nf two children who were not in legal possession of tho selections, defendant's lease being a bar to selections by minors, which he olleges uro null and void. Tho pleadings are carefully and elaborately drawn. The Land Act states that ' any person ' may select, and a person in low is a man or a woman." The Western Foil relates that on Friday night last two youths (one of them au aboriginal) were fishing, on tho banks of tho river nenr Mudgee, when a man with n sheet over him stole behind them and waved his hands over their heads without speaking. This sudden apparition (far tho boys thought it a ghost) struck terror into them. Thc black boy ran for his life, and hld himself in an adjacent cornfield ; while his companion, who was almost paralysed willi fear, screamed most piteously tor help. It suggested itself to a couple of men living in tho nolghbourlinr.il who heard these terrible BhrickB, that somu one was drown- ing, and on hastening to tho spot tho truth was discovered, und the youth found in a most exhausted nnd terrified condition, uttcily unable to spink from lils volco being paralysed by tho violence of his out- cries. Wc learn that Mr. Turncll, who was resident rrngistratc, warden, and coroner of Golden Bay, Now Zealand, was drowned whilst endeavouring to cross tho Tnkukn Uiver. Wo undcistand that thu deceased gentleman has friends in Sydney. In the C0UI3B of n ti lal nt tho District Court, at East Maitland, on Wednesday, says tho Maitland Mercura, lt como out that a police constable who hod neted OH clerk of the Bench had served In that capacity in a case in which he was plaintiff, Ho had summoned tho defendant for using abusivo and profane lungungc to himself In tho course of a conver- sation in the street. His Honor and Messrs. Wisdom ( - nnd "Rogers agreed in tho opinion that thu practico of appointing constables as clerks of thc Bench was one which WOB very inconvenient, end worked unsatisfac- torily. Albert Rickards, charged with having murdered his wife, near Seymour, lins been found gullly of man- slaughter, and sentenced to ten years' imprisonment. Tho Annus viows with fccliugB of alnrm the an- nouncement that New Caledonia is to bo mado a rc gulur penal settlement for all classes of convicts. A destructivo Ure intcly occurred at Richmond. Mr. Stewart's mnizona mnnufactury was completely destroyed. The stock was only insured for £1000. Mr. George Coppin has (soys tho Aye) been instru- ments in bringing before the vniious suburban councils n question of considerable- interest. Ho proposes thc establishment of a Victorian Humane Society, based on tho principles of the Royal Humano Society of Croat Britain ; and lils project includes tho providing of appliuuccs along tho bunks of tho Yarra, near Melbourne, fur thc assistance and recovery of persons drowning. To carry out this object il will bo necessnry to rnise about £000 for tho purchaso of a boat, to erect posts, and to procure life-buoys and ropes. About £100 a year would be required lor tho mnintennnco of tho society. This would cover wenr and tenr of appliances" and pruvidc fur superin- tendence. A lYuiocs HAir.sTOiur.-Tho lliaiihcooi! Dispatch reports that on Thursday down tin- Clyde Hoad the full severity of a hailstorm was felt. Mr. William Thorpe, of Nelligen, wns on lils wuy to Braidwood, on horseback, and leading a horse alongside, mid when nenr tho spot where Ci loves' old mill was burnt down thc other night, ho met tho storm full, tho hail, or ruttier Mg pieces of ice, descending for several minutes so thickly that the road wns covered mare than a font deep. Mr. flint po lind to let ono horse go and stick tn thc other, but tho hail gave him such n " hammering " Hint ho wns covered willi bruises, thc sido of his hold and one of his linuds being much swollen. A lesldent of Rcisdnio informs us that tho people honrd the storm coming from Aioluen in tho direction ol' tho Corner for nt lenst ii quarter of ntl hour before lt roached there, ond for upwinds of half nu hour thu hail came donn in largo lumps, cutting tho branches oil' tho fruit trees, destroying fruit, pump kins, potatoes, mid even fowls, Ono round lump of ice wns picked up which wns sn lnrgc that it could not be gnt into an ordinary tumbler. TUE AVRTIIAUAN NAVAL STATION*,-Tho United Service Gazette nf tho 2"th December, contains tho following :-" Wu lenin Unit Commodore J. O. Goodenough, in cuminnnd of Ibo Australian slntion luis accepted a sent in tho Executive Council of New Zealand, bul ihut the Admiralty, not being prepared ta rccugiilsu such nu innovation in connection with - tho duties of nu ofllccr commanding ii iqtindron. V j"" requested tho ubiquitous commodore Au esteemed cIornyiB-;, "'J0 P'OaÇfMos M» ">ln|» ltniI(.niiDtono,)i"--A,".n> les from Wogga, suys tho Hiprets, »-xiit'J' protested htronstly ugainst members "f t.ta congregation opening their « niches during tho sermon, in order to sec how long ho hud been pleach- ing, and said that if lt oecuricd again he would stop n threat with tho tremendous tinturo cf which lils hearers appeared to bo indifferently impressed. Some timo ugo, ii clock grnecd tho wnlls of tho church, but ns the nttentlnn of some nf tho congregation was oftener directed to Its face than that of thu clergyman it wns removed tu n piuco whero tho question ol timo would not divert attention from timi of eternity. On Sunday afternoon (says tho ZJiiMo Ditjmtch), as Mr. Aaron Alison, of this town, wns leaning tivur tho fence nf his garden, cogitating on things lu general mid upon nothing In particular, n small brown hawk, which was Hying low for n bird til tho kind, mudo an attack on him, striking him with ita feathers upon tho face. He, however, caught tho bird, and having pulled n quantity of feathers out ol ono of his wings to prevent Its lly'ttg, it ls now n ptlsonor In tho garden, '/'he iron. O. A. Lloyd, tho Colonial Treasurer, and thc Hon. John Sutherland, Minister for Works, loft j Sydney for Nowcnstlu on Vrldny, their object In visit- ing in that town being to inspect thc public works, and fix n situ for tho Custom-house. Tho honorable gon I tlemcn went on Saturday as far as Singleton, and on ; their return received ti deputation of shipmasters, j owners, and ngunts, mid colliery proprictots In ? rofeicne to tho crane regulations. After Bomo discus- sion, lt waa ngrccd to hold a publie meeting, ao that ' tho WIBIIOS of lltOBO most Interested might bc ascer- tained, nnd communicated to Mr, Sutherland, who remained behind to receive n second deputation, i During their stay, tho Ministers visited sovcrol t places of ititercst, nmongst them thc asylum for imbeciles. 