DUKE Off EDINIIUBGII'S MAEUIAGE. St.. Petersburg, Jnnuary 23. Thomnrriago coromouy of the Duke of Ed inburgh nnd tho Princess Maria commenced nt noon to-dav, iu tho prosonco of avast nsspin- blago of guests, iu tho Wiuter Pnlaoo nnd tho various gnllerics. Tho ladles wero sumptuously attiroil, the prevailing costumos, particularly of Bussian ladies, were vclvot nnd diamonds. Tho mon wero iu uniform, with tho exception of the Amoricnn Diplomatists. After assem- bling, u procession was termed wnn mo guranci Equerries, Chauiborlnins, nnd othor officers of tlie court loading, then cntno the Emperor nnd EmprcsB Imperial, l'riuco and Princess of Wnios, tlio Princess Itnporial of Germnny and Denmark, and Princo Arthur. Then canto thu bride and tho bridegroom, who woro tho Bussian naval uniform. Tito bride wns splendidly ap parelled in a long orimson volvet. mnutle trimmed with cnminc, and sho woro a diamond corouot. Her train was boruo by four pages. Then followed an imiiionso procession of the Imporinl familyf priests, frieuds, princos, and court officials. Tho Imperial Bussian prinao wore tho uniform of a Ouirasiers, tho Prince of Wnlos the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial .that of a Prussian Colonel. All woro deooratoil with tho Bussian Order of St. Andrew. Tho Princess of Wales wns dressed in dark orimson' velvet, with diamond coronet and oollnr, and poarl necklace. The Imperial Gorman Prinoess was dressed in the same stylo. The Bussian Princess's dross was bluo vclvot and gold. Prinoo Arthur noted ns ono of tlio groomsmen. All woro silver wedding favours. Tlio proeossim, upon roaoliing tlio Russian Church, was received by tho Metropolitan Head of tho Russian Cliuroli of tlio Holy Synod, hearing orossos and snored vessels with lioly wator. . Tho Emperor couduotod tho hridb and bridogroom to tho middlo of tho church, nssumiug his station, with tho Em press immediately bohind. Around tho brido groom stood Princo Arthur and tlio Grand Dukes. .Tho wedding rings, borno on goldon salvors, wero doiioaitod on tlio nltor temporarily, until pluocd ' on tho fingors of tho briilo and bridogroom. Tho inagnifiocnt chupol- was illuminnted with innumcrahlo wax candles ; tlio floor wns covorcd with volvot, orimson "and gold carpet ; thu pillars and altar wore covored with gold. Tho. Greek marriago coromony was uniquo iu tlio ahsonce of musio. Chants and intoned prayors woro given during tho sorvioo. .Tho. crowns wero hold .suspondod ovor tlie bonds of tho bridal pair, — Prinoo Arthur liold- iug tho orown over tho Duko of Edinburgh, and Princo Sorguis thnt ovor tho brido, Tlio Imporial Confessor then said: "Thou servant oj God, Alfred Earnest Edward, art orowncd for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in tho numo of tho Father; tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost." Princo Arthur, ho- coming tired of lioltliug tlio heavy orown, wns relieved. Then tlio Bpistlo to the Epliosians, 5tli chapter,- 20tli 'and 23rd vorsos, wore read, Aiter tlio reading was coueludod tho murriugo at Cana nt Gallileo wns read. Tho crowns wero removed, and tho married eouplo walked tlirieo round tho -raised clias, holding to tlio tip of tho oonfossor's. roho with ono hand and a oancllo in tlio otlior. At tlio conclusion of this coromony tlio snornniental oup was brought forwrad, blessed and jinrtftkou of by the bridal paii', tlio confessor presenting tlio cross, wliioli both kissed. Afterwards tlio olioir sang '! Glory to T'heo,. O Lord !" concluding with a benediction. ' « This ouded tho Greek sorvicos. B Tlio proces sion tlion slowly formed, preooeding to tlio Hall .of Alexander for tho Anglican servico. Doan Stanloy, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanloy, wlio during tho solemnization of tho Grook church Bcrvicc, woro a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hut and gown, an Episoopul surplioo with a jowolled collar of tho Urdor of Bath around his neck, was as sisted by two residout English oiorgymon. Both tho American and tlio English colony wero gathered on' tho loft of tho ultar. Cou- spioious among tliom was Govoruor Jowott, tlio Ainorioan Minister, Lord Loftus, tho English Minister and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, wero also present. Especially notablo was tho venorablo Prince Gortsehnkoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. Tho Episcopal ohantsworo given by Russian choris ter lads, in long crimson drosses. When the marriage procession ontorcd, tho brido walked between lior father aud tho bridegroom. Prinoo Arthur walked behind. Tho beautiful Anglican weddinn sorvioo was tlien impres sively performed by Dean Stanley, tho Prince and Princess responding accord ing to tlio form enjoined in tho Book of Common Prayer. The dolivory of tlio final benediction, " God tho Father, God tho Sou, and God tlio Holy Ghost— bloss, presorvo, and. keep you, "wis espeoially touching! Thoser- viees being concludod, Doan Stenloy congratu lated the newly-married couple. Sovornl . Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The brido looked onrnest, sweet, fair-faced; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Prinoess of Wales was lovely, pale, aud delioate. The German Crown Princess lookod healthy — the image of her 'mother, .Quuon Victoria. The Prinoo.of Wales apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well, During the coromony in the English oliapel, tho Empress of Russia boiug a confined invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome and made a motion of holding a haudkerchiof to hor oyes when tho married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, tlio orowddsfporsed. Thorc was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination ot tho publio square took place, and tho general Bccno was ono of splondid festivityi Tho sorvieo formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the mar- riage rites there was n banquet at tho Palnoe, (Lull BllUStHlUUlil.ijr u uuu IIU (ui(;uuuo uui. At tho close of the ball the bridal couple were- formally marched to tho bridal clinmber, nc- compnnied by the Emperor aud officers of tho Court. The festivities were continued after tho retirement of thohnppyoouplo,theEmporor being present. 