b AllCALA~iU. I (PROM OUR OOiRESPONDLNT.) TIaE weather has been somewhat milder duiring the past week tlian we have had fori sometime pasbt though' the nights are: cold, and frostyi yet we have fine clear days. ,It commenced to rain, yesterday'and continued till'tiis morn ing. And accident happened tol Mr W; Boulton, maildriver,' on Saturday last on his way from Coomsa. After, recei-, vinig the mailbag from the post-office, before Mr Boulton could get hold of the rains the horse bolted and the buggy wont over the driver and knock-. ed him down. r Hayes, ,seeing the.. accident, wentito the assistance'of thde:. driver, who was lying on''the rdad' iiotf 'able to move, as the buggy went over one of his legs. En consequence of the accident the mail was forwarded to. Quoanbeyan by MIr Moran's groom, Travellers still have great reason to coniplain of the boggy state of the 31Micalago Creek. One day,last week as a carrier was on his way to Coomna, when orossing this creek his dray cap sized and injured'some.of his property.; It is not too much toask.' the,Govern-, merit to see and get da' bridge put ovor this creek, as they;". derive. a largo revenue from the sale of land in this and the Cooma distriot. Not later than to-day I saw a-dray boggod in the creek and it was sometime before it could be got out, and yet this is the creek her' Majesty's mails biave to cross` six times a week, and cross in the night Stoo.-24th August. THE 'Emnpire says Mr Thompson, of 221, Castloreangh-street, . tho' keeper: of a private boarding-house had occasion, previous 'to hiis departure for Meolbloumro on Saturday, to biurn a quantity of rubbish such as usually collects at places of the kind. Amongst the doomed deblris wasa box left by a ooupleo who staid at tho-ehouse some twelve months ago, and hinh: ad libeng removed into a outer yard because' it ,is offiresive. .When its contents wer being reniivedd;tlhe skoleton of 'a child was tfound-wranppid 'up iri''a 'piece of red cloth. Information was, given to the police, and tii, iremains were seen by Drl Egan, who cannot say; whetle'r they are those of. a. oliild who hadlived or not. The'woinamn went to 'Brisbatn,' 'whon:sbe'lcft Mr 'Thoinpsoli's house; and the man remained about a ,:.mnonth after her.U IThe police will investigate 'the, matter. ON last Sunday lastat about boon as H. Branscombo,; JThbn i ullivan" and. 'tbo other,young men-were ;1riding% to wards'Guntrawoig, thefdiscovored the body of the late~Dr B3elinfanto inza large waterhole called Clioudy h3ay, about,.two milos lower down the river: friomi: here the late lamentable acoi ;dont.took place. The body was float: ing on the surfaco: at 'th t'ime, fsoe downwards, and was drawn'oldeo totioe ,Wliore tbhey yourng' i vniir'lo discov- A erod it. T11hree of theimi' riaildind witl iit whilo`"oine of their' number,. Brans- "I comb, ,rode into Mludgeo, and gave in-. I formation ofthe 'disbocoryf rScr'go iitti : 'Webb at one proceeooded tothe scene an'd took charg:of;:theo. ,body'; .all'tlid ' propdrty in the possession of DrBoli-h' I fanto at the! time'of the acoident, suh'b 1 as his-gold watch and chair, ,diamond r aind signet rings, sturds,'c.,, and some ,c loose change, his been found: intact;' t even the gloves he wore still remaiend t on his ha nds; ',. A TLr>ariAnt from Cooktown dada ed August-8, and published in the Roek- t hampton Bullctin, states that the newsi 'ir from the 'Palmer Gold-field'.is 'vry good,'and that laIge qunriaitict.of'gold ' nro being got. ' MAAMan. Goddard' suddenly ",left I Sydney, for; Mlbbu'rno, last. week, to r aroid, It is.aupposed, legal proceedings v againstthbr for' not1 fulfilliwg''an onj 't gagotmdnt:to'gltVo acnoe'r'at iBatlira.. r 'e `T'T folleiorinis a translation of 41 document igritten in Chinese} foupid, upon the Celestiail. Lee Taog.W run, who hanged himself at the old Mel bourne Cemetery on Monday morning; "Gentlemen- of all districts, know t, wh. r'Taa8 in lg=About fifteenyearsr ag-I'waseoo' atetile Chinese Joss house, Emerald- hill, chosen by the t-Gods and gentlemen. After. stopping t there.soame.tim'e; my cosinuand-many I other people became jealous of me, so f that ultimately I left; and -then, in about To years; twent to work In a claim at Whits Sand Flat with Chum SGo' andIeung Kee for, mates; also Lee T Tu and L~e An Chilg. I found that a they were stealing gold from me, and had a row with them -They told my cousinsýLee.Guon,. and Lee. Moo, Lee t iTung, Lee Ling, ie eFoy andLee Ki` 1Ching, all-of one family and having one grandfather, and mixed up all my j countrymoen about Creswiok Creek in the row. At this time they began --to persecute me, and-Chin Gow and Lee Sing left for Castlemaine to rget some poison which on'otheir return they mixed with spirit.and gave to me. After I had takeni'it, miy eyes;- nose, e ears, and skin . became . much .swollen. eChun Quock Chuno then gave me some rstuff and put poison on my blankots, so that Wbh' T Wa"riii'ibd' I "foniid a needles pricking meieall over; r;I:tlieu Sleft tbat plaoorand' entpback- to Cress wiclr - Creek. Sunm - Me Yang. kept S-opium shop;-and-I-atopped -with him for a short time, but I became worse. S.got some-pig's gut ,at -the.butoeir's, -and founia-' some poison- on-it: "I cooked and ate it, and-'becatno red- and wliite ion my face, and was otlherrwise much worse.- T id:t: L'dong' 'Oh': who Sgaveme ifpigeon's head,=whiech stopped r .dysenutry.I. haid, suffered.. Leong. Olh said this would do me good-but that- if I did not take oare the disease wouild r code oit;,aiidI'shoild--become rotten. ,Ah WariAh Yeong, and Ah Moim put poison on pork,-,and sold the pork to me, which I ate,and found that Ithen =became very' bad ".in- my liver and lungs. :Sun) Yue Lee and Luy Ah; r Wy got a key by ,which means ,they entered my hut whil.e I was, absent,. and puitpoison on all muiy food. I saw -it'aid noticed it ationace. 'After; this 3' Ai Yeo and Ping Cooey got it-put :in -the papers about -me having the lap rosy, and the police made inquiry, and 'wanted me to go to the blacksmith's t'forge to test whether I was a leper - or .ot, but I did not go. All my letters from China were stopped." The wri t ting which evidently had not been finished broke off here. - The reference \-- to the blacksmith's forge indicates that i. theo-deceased, was asked to submit him- -slf to a.tisat to.deeide whether he-had 'lo ejprosy, itbolilng hold'that exposure of the' face to the- heat of a forge will cause- the boheat to show on the skin. ' It is supposid thliat the deceased was ,tainted with' loprosy,i aiid. that .his relatives gave him tsouto imedicinoe (which lie called poisoi) to cause the disease to appear unmistaikabl .eo tlhat he would be driven out of the camp, 'and condeimned to the miiserable"life o of;a leper.-- us '':' Aoacuitin Al 0ocitiea3dale flourish ig in the North. 'We learnifrom the lInverll Dispatch that a wonderful change for the better has recently been ;offected in' the show ground of the Central New England Pastoral and I Agricultural Society in this town. A quantity 'of sliide' trees have been" Splanted; out,i and.closely fenced in, the burrs have been cleared, and the rank grass burnt off, and the young herbiage, afords ovidence of an early spring. i WV cshould not be surprised that the show'; especially in the sheep I sectioni, will' beo-superior- to the last,. seeing that thoa;'district hasmade such wonderful, progress during'-the past -ycar. in- sheep farming. A' 'HooKiNo suicide is reported in tbhe Pleasant Craok Nesi :(Victoria) 'A dreadful and most deternined sul cide took place on Gleulofty OCreek, near Landsborough, on Monday week, when an old man (a - selector) - named Bain shot himself through the head. His br6ther, a partner in the farm, was away from home; and on his re turn, found lii'dead 'brther lyingron' one bunk, the discharged gun on ano ther. Own raedeid a ill h'ear with gieat re gret'(.ays tlihMojaro Mercury) that \- thore has been gross maltreatment ox perienced by-the Rev. Mr Druitt, pas. tor of the ChOrch of England, who, it will be rcitiesilieioed; wa 'thrown out of his huggy -in the 'early' part of 'last July. 'As far as can be glea'dd; it seems that the rev.gobttleman hiss been atticnded till -veryp. recently :ly'-Mr - -Mould, who,'it- is asserted, has pro nounood that no bones were broken,: and described as " muscular " the jpains <tiati'W ie - felt in'-th6 leg; shoulder, and-ribs. At the earnest ra quest of--soiem e tsofthe- clergyman's parishioners,, the sufferer having obh tained no relief from the constant at .tendanoe and idvice of Mr. Mould, a summionis was wisely iasued for regular profeusionals, whereupon Dr Ashworth, of-lo'mbala, aniid Dr Donovan, ofCooma, prpmptly resiponded to the call. 'Tlaiing examiined'IMr Druitt, and held a codsultation,:?botli -doctors were of opiniti 'thht shere was a fracture of -the thigh,left collar-bone, and one of the ribs;oi theoloft-side,and that it was a precarious case. There are symptoms of improvement now, and the rev. gon -tleman i's dhbl'dtealt up in his'driwing oiodbJi-Drs ,Ashworth and.- Dnonvan alsii'ioaminodhir Kirwan, the telegraph mastor;and thie.'nfroof' opinion that he. would have ri'ocovarod long ago hbid he boon treated acoording to the roeogniseqd rulsa of snrgore; Mr Shiaaefui* was pro vioenlsy attending Mr Kirwan. Worse :thaih' all, i6 i'runmoured that the suffor e's named are, oripplod for life, i A uEro'fT wr49 curront lijt tie siek. I lietan of a rman had beead foand at ,' Wentworth House, on.; Ohurch-hliill.; \- and on applying to the polics, we.(Em' ; pire) learned from constable Green, of r No. 4 station, the follo0wing particulars: ti -Weintworth House has been tenant Sless for `the' lzast"few weeks, and'tie a back and front doors were left open by Sthe parties when. removing: 'A:,wiek r aftarlthe lastroecupants had gone,-the >place took fire, through some sparks Sfallingfrom ,a bsurning chimney next a door. The firs was, however, extin a guished by the police, the destruction a of anmalibgany'thiintelpiooe being the t only damage sustained. Latterly a I oat has taken up its abode within the y 'building;, and"appeared to some boys e. 'at-oneof the 'Windows. Poor Tabby r' was at ornice tranrsformed by them into g ' ghost, and imncdiately every stone y, at hand went flying through the win a dow.. The report of- a ghost being o within the house was taken up by the e associates of the youngsters, and the e story spread until it assumed the form y of a skeleton being soon at the windows o. of the house. Considerable damage has been done to the 'windows by the r. boys,'most of the glass in the lower e part "of- the, building having been i, smashed-to the entertainment of the. d, youngsters and the annoyance of a Y! !tonstable; who has been' trying for the Slast two ior three days to' catch. the. t delinquents, but without success; for, a its he says, "It's no use, the young . wretches see me coming, and they're , .off like a shot." He is going to try i I injplaihn clothes next time. 3- r;A-WicsvEan journal 'gives the an-' e, nexed description of an .election for a o titstee to a common. :-A meeting was 1' 'held in the Court- house for the purpose !i of..electing a trustee for the commons, f" and never out of America was seen so I blig o outriageous a farce. You know .that "with the chairman rests the do t 'cisioni of who is or is not entitled to , vote.. This, doubtless, is giving one u man a tremendous power; but such, I doubtless,is the fact; and if any abuse vI of power; is shown, the- wronged party r has .his,remnedy.. Well, one gentleman of great respectability was proposed by r' another gentleman-I shall not men a tidii' 'ni'oa-4nd 'the proposal was I secoindod; but,' 'unfortunately,'" the \- secoonder was declared by the chairman" I a non-voter,, and then commenced a dis 1 graceful 'scene-the proposer doolaim r I'ng against the decision of the chair. a manll, and the seconder throwing over \- his shoulder the British Flag of Free 1 dom, swearing by all creation that he a would vote, defying all and everybody Sto deprive him of his sacred right. Un \-- seemly noise grew into violent olamour, i till all was'drowned in: an uproar of f. voices. This lasted some time, and l partially subsided, when another gen tleman-a voter-rose and seconded 9 the first proposal. Things seemed growing calmer, when a person rose 3I and proposed a second !candidate,' and Sthen the storm-burst forth with heavier t power. 'The proposer's right 'to vote Swas questioned, and his eligibility ad. miitoed by the chairman;' and then, as. if Tartarus buhad broken loose, the Babel :recommenced, the commoniers weie called upon to resist the decisiontof the 'chair and'nit allow themselvs.'to 'be trampled in the dust, cruel ungeneroii assertions were tossed about like chbam pagne.corks at a racing ball, and at last a' stampedoe from the Court house of about, half the assembled party. One or two other gentlemen were voted as trustees, and when the meeting was asked.if there was any oth'er person' to be nominated, a ,voice proposed a cer tain individual, whieh was seconded, everyone present looking upon the thing as amorry jest. The votes were taken and given to the scrutineers, who returned with tho:ballot the last., named gentleman, 'having nine votes above all other nominees; and so the -persons whose votes have placed a man whose: age, infirmities, position,' and. lack of business habits in the position of trustee to the eommon maylay. their heads' to' rest and safely say we at least are' unworthy of the noble privilege given us by the franchise of our coun try, and that an insult of a most grave natiryv sthrown at the.worthy man wi'o were' willing i use their influence for.tho.benefitof theirfellow-townsmen. Wn (Afonaro Mercury) have had son previous occasions to notice instances of persons totally' uneducated, 'itb' o'n Wednesday last, at the police eount,;it young man who had, seenabout eighteen summers-was giving his evidence, an'd from the' poouliar nian nor in which' hle answered several queitions, Mr G'iles asked him if 'ho could 'read7l;d write. "No, sir". was the answer. " How old 'ore you 7"' le reoplied that he could not tell. " Have you any knowledge ofydirur'God,?'. Again the answer was in the negatiye. 'Yet, when further. interrogated,: ho:'aid ho 'attended liii ohapel and ha'd been confirmed. 'It is 'really sad-to soo a youth of the:age of eighteon, so ignorant, but the fault lies attho door of the parents more than that of ,thp~.youth,. and Mr Giles was corroetjwhbe liesaid it tas an instance plainly 'howing' the necessity of com piilsory educations, IN odr (Courier) .advertisingoolumns will be noticedia plainsfor the disposnal of freehold an other property of rather 'inovel 'deseription-the prize being the building known as the North Yass Inn, yielding a rental of £80 a . year and vluid at £650. The tickets are to' loi'istied at £1 oaoh." Oui of the total iroeoipts 'eubsoriptions are to beo Siven' as follpw ::-50 to 'S C lements hburhji £50"td i'th isldiling fulId of thii Cathsolio. Onvent 'at Yass , £C25 to the Prasbytorian 'Church; '£25 to the` Wusloyan hurh 'and 'd'£10 each to the Mechanic' Institute, the Oddfol lows' ']atd, and the building fund of, the Sons of Tomperanoc, 'Yass-thus contribiting '£180 to local instztutions 