I OX THE EIGHT FOOTING. | jiH OF THE AMERICAN CTVH, WAR. sjsa busy time in one of our New jri cities. News had come that I fr Federal troops were in need of H titiiss, which at that stage of the jjjind not been very abundantly eup- .y to the newly-organized army that I nethen taking the field for the fall I onpaigs of 1861. Sisters and mothers, maidens ana spinsters, w ere engaged m I the primitive employment of knitting. I Patriotism bad armed the men with I muskets and the women with needles. I p rras the autumn following the sad I rtreree at the battle of Bull Ron ; and I while woman's fingers were busy adding I stitch to stitch, her tbongbts reverted to I that fatal field as the forerunner of still I greater calamities. I But some natures are so buoyant that I they resist all depressing influences, and I lire in a sunlight of their own. My I reader, therefore, need not expect a I tonwful atory, because I narrate what I took place at a time of national mis- I pnng. I In a pleasant room, into which the I afternoon sun was shining, sat MiRs .Mary I horn and Miss Mary I. Brown, much I lit in Dame, but quite unlike in some I ak respects. Miss Mary L Brown I ns a young maiden, Miss Mary Brown I net maiden not young. The one was I eiptan, the other forty-eight. One was I Jgobag forward to matrimony as a pro- | table and desirable thing, the other I Med upon matrimony as barely pos- I flhje, and, on the whole, unadvisable. | Miss Mary I. Brown had been named | for her aunt, Miss Mary Brown, by a j had brother, who devised this method of haading down bis sister's name to : posterity, after having abandoned all hope that it would be preserved by direct descent. The niece, however, vent by the name of Bell, a contraction of her middle name, Isabel. Ming Maty fired with ber brother, and thus she and Bell were constantly together, the niece hating in her aunt one of those agree able companions as is sometimes found in the character of a maiden lady who has wasted none of her native sweet ness npon a heartless lover or a selfish husband. These two were a part of the great knitting-machine that was turning out stockings by the hundreds, and forward ing them to the Union army. Bell had jnst finished a pair, and was ranning the heels, when she suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, aunt, I have thonght of one way to get a husband !" " One way," replied her aunt, showing no surprise at Bell's remark. « Thn is nothing wonderful. You would hardly be a woman if you have but oneway. In my day girls of your age had many ways to set themselves about that busi ness" But they did not always succeed," Bell, looking archly at her aunt . , " Hiey did not always get mar- I ncdj , for sometimes they made up their Moreand to turu their attentiou \- 'JpS care of their rattle-brained nieces, fw r1" cannot apply to me, II r. 6 olln told me that I haven't ®at I am rather glad yon aid nt get nratrigj for every young lady ttemyseif rs grea? by having ' pod aunt at hand who W children of her own to look after. "There, my young lady had better not ventilate any more of her sage ideas jost now." "ftio, aunt, not one word more -after I hnve told you my plan for catching a husband." "Well; what is it I" 'Why, you see, aunt, when I many, I mean to have a good, tail, -brave hus- hani" . "Yes, I could guess that, Tor I never raw a little woman who did not prefer a tall man." "Iam going to write, an advertise- 111011 for a husband, and put it into tins P® of large stockings ; and as the ullest men will pick out the biggest stings, I shall advertise myself to a Sular grenadier." . Yon may as well advertise yourself "f « era under tire head oi Matrimonial,1' "Oh no, auutj I don't want any of saipletons who . read and ansqrer k advertisements; I want a good, rave Union soldier, who is not afraid o accept these stockings with the con ations I shall impose upon him.91 So Bell upon a bit of papery wrote following ; "This pair of stockings was knit by Mary Brown, who holds herself in rendmess to many the man who will ear them on the battle field, and after- to iftlflim her hfliuL" \- JPere» atmt» what do yon think aloui "" sad after, reading it; 'I don't like the idea of your nang my namt TOm not unite it oulM Mli — Mary Isabel Brown!" .; « That would tell too much, r -ini it so that it may stand for either of us. Then, rf the fellow should take md ht Wy word and I did not fancy him,there wiU be a chance to retreat" - " Such frolics am not very riiscmnt Bell, and I should object to yon carrying out tins one if I did not think you were safe, The man who finda eith JX will have some hundreds of Marv Browns to pick from." - - " Well, annt, I am not got going to' write anythmg more. It must not be too definite. The. fellow will have to hunt some if ever he finds me out" In due time the stockings from the Browns went into the same box with those from the Smiths, and others whose posterity have not multiplied so rapidly as have the descendants of the original Mr. Brown and Mr. Smith, and started for the Union camp. In due time the stockings reached the Federal troops, and were distributed among the barefooted squads. Bell's stockings were handed over to a very small man, while a smaller pair had fal- Ien to the lot of the only six-footer - in the company, who was trying to put them on as the small man held his up, and, after taking in their dimensions with a mechanic's eye, exclaimed : " I say, Tom, I shall get lost in these stockings. I guess they were made for Goliath of Oath.9? - "They are quite different from mine, then. I have been at work npon these till I think I shall never be able to straighten my back again. See how far I have got them on," and Tom held up his foot show his comrade his progress. He had worked his toes' down to tile- angle where the heel belongs, while the foot of the Btocking looked very limp and empty. "I hope there are no guer rillas round," continued he; " for if they should surprise the camp before I get this stocking on, I should be in an awk ward predicament I could neither fight nor run, and should have to sit still and be shot" . . \- - Dick watchedtom pulling and togging, and then burst oat laughing. " What are yon laughing at ? I don't see any thing so very queer about all " Well, I do. I think it. is mighty qneer that you should try to pull on tW pair of stockings which will juBt fit me, while I have a pair that -will just suit you." Tom dropped his foot on the floor. It struck him as a very happy thought on the part of Dick. It "had hot occurred to him, Yankee though he was, that there could be snch a transaction as a " swop"' in which both parties could be benefitted. So Tom and Dick made an exchange ; and Tom, seiring one of. the largest stock ings, slipped his foot down the long leg till his toes reached the farthest extre mity. " That is a capital fit If I could find the girl who tout that I would many ber as soon as the war is over," saying which, Tom pulled on the other stocking, and felt something in the toe of it " I guess there is a mouse's nest in this one," said he, as he drew it ofi and fonnd Bell's note. ." No, it is a piece of writ ing, by Jove J" and Tom proceeded to open and read it " That note is mine, Tom. Fair play. I didn't, agree to let you have all there might he in But stocking when I ex changed." "Ah,- my- -good- fellow, - yon are not familiar with the law on this point I ' hold the stocking and the stocking held the note, ergo I hold the note, and my good friend, Bichard Smith, holds the other pair of stockings and all they con tain. But hear it, and then perhaps you will withdraw- your claim." Tom read and Dick listened. " Yes, Tom, I renounce all right to that document I should not object to the first condition, for you know I am as valiant as Hector—" "Hecuba, you probably mean," in terrupted Tom, who was aware that his comrade's knowledge - of the Grecian heroes was second-hand. "As valiant as Hecuba, then," con tinued Dick, accepting the correction. "But as to marrying Mary Brown, I would sooner go barefoot all my days. She is probably some old maid with more sentiment thansense." "Nonsense, Dili; the note was not written by an old mud. I will take up the gauntlet, and ' when I get a furlough Fll have a hunt for that girl. I rather tike the spirit of this communication." " I should like to know how you are going to find her, nnlca her address is on the note." "No it is not, and all I know about it is that she signs her name Mary Brown, and that she probably lives somewhere on -our side of tbe Potomac." " I think you'll find her then. You'll have a fine chance for a rmareb 3 Brown -is not a common name, and there cannot be two Mary Brown's nortUot Maggj, and Dixon's tine." " Don't try to convince ine that the thing is impossible for.- -I'll find her later assure as lama good, fellow. — .... Thereupon Tom inquiry to find ont from which, .direction— stockings cams' After a littlesearch he ascertained that three. hoxeshad just been emptied, bnt friomwMch his had, been -taken he couldnot learn. One of the boxes came from-NewYork, one from Boston, undone from LowelL "Therei" thought Yom,. V that is about &s; definite as though I had found out that .thf came from the cotuitry where the Americans live." ' , But he took note of these three places for future reference, leaving .it for time and chance to settle the question. It was not a week after 'this circum stance before Tom found himself fete to face with the foe. on .an dbstinStely- fought field, in which he received fwo wounds,' one through the fleshy part, of his leg, and the other' in his shoulder.: He was carried from the field on ' a stretcher. At first he was feint from loss of blood; but as soon as his.- wounds were dressed and consciousness had fully returned, he beckoned Dick toward him. I-',':.;. "What did they do with my stockings, Dicki" ; ; v - "Never mind your stocJrings now, Tom ; you must keep quiet"'".:; "But Xdomind,. -about my. stockings, pod I can't have them lort- Those ere the Mpjy Brown rtocktogSjUfrd tohst, .to fonnd. Oueaf tbmliaf two«boMu>les laifc" . / Vj; ' . . " ' - ,v..' 3?fl. look them up, Tom, bnt you ams';-fceep quiet. You've lost so much blood now that you are pale as a ghost? , &w; weeks spent in the hos- came back to the camp to in- qmreffqrliis Btockings. "Here they are," said Dick, as he waded them to him, "I have had them washed, and put in the best order." -much obliged to you, Dick," Mia- Tom, aB, in a ' group of soldiers, ne examined the one containing the holes where the enemy's bullet had gone through. , "Why, Tom, were'yon wounded in both legs ! " asked a comrade, who had discovered two similar shot-boles in the other stocking. "No," replied Tom; "I. was shot in tiie leg and shoulder. But how the holes came in the other stocking I don't know. My leg was in this one when the ball went through, for there is a tttin of blood yet on that white toe. How is this, Dick ! " "I don't know, Tom. ; After they were washed I fonnd that both of them had holes in them, and I supposed you had -been shot in both legs. Are you sure -you were not I " "Quite sure. But I am not so cer tain that some of my friends have not been playing at Falstaffs game." _ As Tom's wounds would iiot allow him to go on duty for some time, he was promoted to the rank of captain, and sent off to recruit a company. "Now," thought he, as soon as his papers had been made out, " Fll find that Mary Brown." So he bought a valise, put up an extra fihirt, and made himself ready. Tom was a Massachusetts officer, Mid was to recruit his company in that State. " New York, then, I must give up," thought he ; " and it may be that she lives there, though I hardly think she does. The girl that got up that idea must be Yankee born, and probably lives in the Hub of the Universe. I'll try Boston first, at any rate." _So after paying a flying visit to his friends, Tom opened a recruiting-office in Boston, and set. himself to work to fill up his company. Bnt while he was uuuuug up iccruiu! ne aepc on ule 100K- out for tbe Browns. He consulted the city directoiy ; he found whole pages of Browns, and among them five Mica Mary Browns — a milliner, a washer and ironer, a boarding-house keeper, an astrologist, and a doctress. He took the address of the milliner and the doctress, and made his first call upon the former. As he en tered she was writing in her account- book, one glance at which convinced him that she was not the writer of the note in his possession. Having purchased some trifling article, he left to go in search of the doctress. Having fonnd the place, he rang the bell, and was ushered into a waiting-room. In a few moments a middle- aged woman entered. She looked a tittle surprised at Tom's stalwart proportions and regimentals. " Is this Miss Mary Brown ?" asked he. " That is my name, Sir. Is there any thing I can do for you V " I have not called upon you in your professional capacity. I only wish to know whether you are one of a society of ladies who, three months ago, sent a box of clothing to the army of the Potomac." " I am sony to say that I am not." " The name Mary Brown was in one of tile stockings, and I: did not know but you might be the one. Have you any relation of that name ?" " None that I am aware o£" And then Tom, thinking that he should be safe, prodnoed the note for Miss Brown's inspection. " Are you the num who has complied with the first condition i" asked the doctress, eyeing him from head to foot. " Yes," replied he, bent upon experi menting on this matron's heart. Afterward, in relating tbe circum stances to Dick, Tom said, " When I told her that, I never in my life saw a woman look so soriy that she had notknita cer tain pair of stockings." "But what would you have done if she had been the right one!" asked Dick. " You would have been in a fine fix!" " Not quite so fast, my good fellow. Do . you suppose that, after having been shot through in two places, I went into battle without a chance of retreat! If she had proved the red Mary Brown, I. should have told her that a friend of mine, Bichard Smith, had taken the stockings, and that I had called, with his compliments, requesting her to pre pare for the wedding-day !" ' Tom spent some time with his female physician, who had many questions to ask of the returned soldier. Having thus failed to find the right Maiy Brown, he again turned to the directoiy. "She must be the daughter of some of these Browns," said he, as bis eye again ;r»"«Jhe long list. " Bnt how I am to find her Tumrv-Auggjggg fortune helps me. I have it 3" he thonght at last . " I'll go to the post-office, and find out all the Browns in Boston." ' ' He made known his badness to the obliging postmaster, who gave him the ttMffls.of half a score. of. Mary Browns. Subsequent inforviews with each ofthese, however, threw no light ppon the matter. . The next week, -while looking over the - newly-posted list of -advertised letters, Tom came across ,the ;name ijf = Mary Brown. " - — \- "Who knows bnt' she may be'theoner- Very likely.she js," thought he. " The postmaster does .not -know who she is, and- thatis why ahe was left ont of the list he gave' ine. ' Til Bee' if I can find out. who calls for that letter." . \- iSo .Tom bought the biggest morning paper he coiild find, and took his -station within ear-shot of the place "of delivery. There were nnmerous' calls'. "for -adver tised letters, but none for Mary : Brown. Tom was about abandoning his post when he observed is beautiful young lady coming in at the door. "I wish that might be Miary Brown," thought he,- as he looked at her over his paper. . " Ib there a letter here for Miss Maty Brown I" she --asked, in a rich, musical voice, as she looked in at the pigeon hole. The bed of Tom's heart leaped np to two hundred a minute. " By Jove, her name is Mary. Brown 1" -said Tom to himself who, in his -most .excited momenta, nevei swore by any- \- thing more sacrpd than the old heathen ffeitwft ;. - It would have been an easy matter for a business man to step up and settle the question of her identity, as Tom had done in several cases before. But his courage and presence of mind both forsook him the instant he found ont that she might be the object of his search. It was not till he saw her passing ont of the door that he recovered from his panic and be thought himself that his game must be followed. . So off he started, keeping her in -Sight, though she . walked away at a- rapid pace. She was tall and stately, and Tom could not help thinking what a fine- looking couple they would be, as he watched her graceful movements and thonght of his own military air. She soon reached Washington-street-, and here Tom's difficulties began. The street was crowded. Tom, keeping 'his eye fixed npon tbe head and shoulders of his enchantress, had no eyes left for any other purpose. He brushed by crinolines with a force that threatened to carry them away ; and bad the month of the infernal pit been before him, he would have walked into it After going a few blocks she entered a millinery shop. Turn stopped outside, and looked at the bonnets in the show case till she came out, and then followed on. A quarter of a . mile farther in the same direction, she entered a dry-goods store. Tom again .lingered outside, and examined the wonderful patterns with their more' wonderful names, and then took up the pursuit again. He followed for a long distance up Washington square ; but just as he was passing a large jewellery store, he lost sight of her. He pushed on a block farther, doubled on his track, and looked into all the shop windows. At the jewelieiy store he came upon her, face to fece, as he was coming out of tbe door. At a second sight of that qneenly face, Tom could hear his heart beat. He thought she must have heard it too. But as she was only one of a number of human beings drifting the same way, he escaped her notice. "Ah !" said Tom,as soon as he had recovered from the shock, " to love is indeed a painful thrill !" From the jewelieiy store she led Tom a long chase, to the end of Washington- street and up Cornhill into a book store. Tom, growing bolder, went in too, and looked at the books, and heard her en- quire for Bollin s Ancient History. "She isn't one of the readers of 'yellow covers,' " thought Tom, as be heard the name. "She prefers solid reading. What a lucky fellow I am 1" It never once occurred to Mm that though this lady's name was Mary Brown, she might not be the one he was in search o£ So strongly -did he hope that she was the right one, he could not rid himself of the conviction that she was the right one. Having . made her pur chases, she Came near Tom to look at the new books upon the show-table. Tom was spell bound. The same thrill of wtoch. he had spoken,- crept over his frame, and he was as helpless as an ani mal fascinated by a snake. "What is the matter with me!" thonght he, as she left the store. "I never felt so in the presence of any other woman." From the book-store Tom followed ber back to WasMngton-street, where she started down on the other side. In stead of slackening her pace, her step seemed more vigorous than ever. Tom was still somewhat weak from Ms wounds, and Ms lame leg began to com plain. " I wonder if she is going to walk back at tMs rate the whole length of this street," thought he. "Bnt there is no help for it. I shall follow ber as long as I can walk." Her calls at the different large es tablishments were even more frequent than when coming up the street. " I hope she will not have to go shop- ing too often after I many her," thought be. " It is equal to the Bull Run retreat She most be rich to patronize all the high-priced establishments. But I have no objection to the money." Towards the last part of the chase Tom had grown so incautious that the lady appeared to be aware that he was following her. At last, after baring walked back nearly the whole length of Washington- street, she got into a horse- car that was going out of the city. As there was no other course to be taken, Tom went into the same car and took a seat opposite. He did not stare blankly at the straw on the car floor as some people do. His eyes wandered along the row of faces on the opposite seat, not fading to take a good look at the face wMch most at tracted him. The game was growing more exciting, for as often as his eyes rested upon her countenance he detected her waroblng tun. . AHw a rifle of abont two miles, during wMch the' passengers had come and gone till there were only three or foui|left, they reached the end of the ronte, where the rest stepped out They were no sooner out of the car than Tom saw a small, insignificant-looking man -coming - directly towards them, ap parently on the look-out for this very woman. .Tom held his breath.- Gould ifc.be . possible! Yes, they were kinging each other as only ' newly-mamed people do Mss. Tom heard hersay, "'How kind in you, my love, to come-and meet me!" Then followed a, few low words, during which the little man frowned at Tom as though he would like to swallow him. Tom was so disgusted that he made"" a bee line" for a little oyster shop not far — anitering as he went. Who wtmrti — .. . enperba woman could nificant specimen of a biped 1" and Tom consoled himself with reflecting upon his own proud form, and wholly re covered from his disappointment by the time he had finished Ms second oyster stew. Notwithstanding Tom's zeal he had been unsuccessful, and would- have been obliged to "give up the search had not an accident put the whole thing in his possession. While attending -.to his recruiting he became known as a returned soldier who was familiar with the state of things in the -camp to which the ladies of Boston were at . that time sending different articles. He .was therefore often con sulted by them, and invited to attend the "sewing circle," where he met, among others, the person he was in search o£ He had.been introduced to ber as Miss, Brown ; but as he noticed her- com panions called her "Bell, he did not for a . moment, Snppose shB. .was the ;Mary JJrownbf Jus search, 7" ft was hot ! tall he, had met her several timet, that he was' able to identify her. He had been called upon one evening to assist iu packing some clotMng to send to the camp, when he heard one of the girls suggest that they should put a written note into each pair of stockings. The girls rattled on as only girls know how when their gentle bosoms are stirred by the spirit of patriotism, and Bell related her doings in this line. "And did you give your address in full !" asked one of the girls. "No, indeed," said Bell; "I just signed my name Mary Brown." ... " And left the Isabel out !" " Yes, of course ; and the fellow that finds me will have something to do, I think." That evening Tom acted as Bell's escort. He took particular notice of the street and number where he left her, and afterwards walked back and looked at the name on the door-plate, that he might find ont her father's name. The next day, 'by consulting the direc tory and asking a few questions, he found, out to bis satisfaction that, oo the whole, Mr. Brown Was a very desirable father- in-law. Having made up his mind that he was ready to take Bell " for better or for worse," he overhauled his valise, took out his magic stockings and made them into a neat little parcel, into wtoch he put the following note, which also in closed Bell's note : " "My Deae Betrothed, — I am the happy man into whose hands these stock ings fell I have complied with the condition expressed-in the inclosed note, and shall call at 8 o'clock this evening to claim your hand. "Yours forever, " Tom." This parcel he sent by a careful mes senger, and then waited as patiently as possible for the next hour to pass away. \- When the parcel arrived, the servant seeing it was directed to Miss Mary Brown, took it directly to Bell's aunt, and left the room. Bell was with her aUnt, and declared that the package was for herself Her aunt, who usually in dulged Bell in her peculiar freaks, allowed her to open it The note attracted her, and a glance at its contents told the whole stoiy. Bell looked frightened. " What is the matter Bell ?" asked her . aunt, who was curiously examining the stockings. " Bead that, aunt," said Bell, dropping into a chair. "This is rather bad, Bell," said her annt; " You've found a husband sooner than you expected. But have you ex amined the stockings 1" Bell caught them up and glanced at the holes. "He has been shot through both legs." "Yes, so it seems;" said her aunt " He must have lost both of them, I am afraid." "Oh, aunt," sobbed Bell, "how can I have a husband with both legs gone! What shall I do f ' \- Had the man come back sound in body ahe could have turned him off most easily, but-to refuse a lover after he had lost both legs in his country's service was quite a different thing. But how could she get out of it honourably ! After a hastily called council of war it was de cided that Bell's aunt should be the real Mary Brown, and should dispose of thin eccentric lover as best she could. At the appointed time the bell rang, and Tom was shown in, dressed in Ms best regimentals and polished boots. He inquired for Miss Mary Brown. This the servant thought must mean the aunt, as she had always heard the niece called Bell ; hence Bbe started on her errand without asking wMch Miss Brown was wanted. " I'll be down in a few minutes, Brid get," said the aunt. " But what sort of looking gentleman is be !" " Och, a fine-lookin' gintlem&n; intirely. He is taller than me brother Patrick, anid as straight as a bulrush !" " Does he go on mutches, Bridget !" asked BelL "On crutches, is it!" said Bridget, opening her eyes wide. " By no means 3 Why shonid he go wid two sticks, when he has two as good legs as iver a man wants!" " Does he look pale and sick !" asked BelL " No, indade !" said the bewildered Bridget " He looks as strong as any man of his inches, and so fresh and gin- tlemanly in his bright buttons that I think any yonng lady, like yourself, would like to,' have him for a swate- heart 3" "Hush, Bridget!" said BelL "Say Miss Brown will be down in a few minutes." As soon as Bridget had left them, Bell crept quietly down stairs and took a Deep_through the door, wMch stood ajar, when of courBeEnerecogmze(rTJur nero Tom. She now understood it all as soon as she recalled what she had said on the previous -evening. She went quickly back to her aunt's room, and, with a countenance wearing quite a different ex pression, explained how. matters stood. "Then I suppose you would like to dispense with my services altogether !" "Well, aunt, yoft know it would not be quite right to tell a falsehood about it, even if we could. I didn't think it was quite right before, and now that I have seen and know the fellow, I am certain it is not right." " It is surprising hoyr. he sight of a fine-looking soldier changes a young lady's moral view of things !" "Nowbe good, aunty 1 The scrape -isJjaffenqqgh as it is, and I don't know Wnat l Sll&ITUU-Wltt;, lUm." — . , — _ „ " Do as I have done for so many years — don't commit yourself" Bell felt rather afraid that she should commit herself, for she had looked at Tom with something more than a partial eye several times before she saw him through the crack in the door ; so when she went downstairs and entered the room where he wsb sitting, she was care ful to dose tbe door behind her, knowing thai; such is the nature of her sex, her aunt might be tempted to stand at the head of the stairs and listen. .What was arid and done in Mr. Brown's parlour that evening can only he guessed. Tom in due time raised his company and returned to the field, where he h»n never been known to turn his back upon anything which duty has required him to face ; .but he occasionally tells Dick that "when this cruel war is over " he will surely marry Mary Brown, if there is enough of . torn ; left to .enable Mm to say, "1, Tom, take this woman," &c;, 