UNIFORM SYSTEM OF EDUCATION. | A rcBLio mooting of tho citi/.ons of Sydnoy was hold list ovening, in tho Masonio Hall, York-street, in favour of >i uniform system of éducation. The hall was well fille«,'' ard, amongst others on tho platform wore:-Rovs.Jt Greenwood, W. Slatyer, G. Woolnough, G. Martin. S. U'. Rothwell, T. S. Foisaith, J. C. Kirby, D. "Williams, W. Fidler, Dr. M'Gibbon, D. Qnllowny,' Messrs. G. li. Dibbs, W. He/.let, J.P., Dr. Moilitt, William Taylor, John Roseby, J.P., Jamen Powoll, Aldormnu Linsley, V. 3. Thomas, D. Mitchell, J. T. Ford, John GraUAm, W. Short, E. Webb, M L.A., W. Rodman, D. Rhode*, J. Taylor, J.P. Tho ohair was takon by Mr. J. H. Goodlet, who reid the ' advertisement convouing tho moetingfnni then called upou~ thooeotlng to Mug'God save tho Queen. > _ho National Anthem having been sung ?Tho CnAUiMAX'said that tho watchword .they had adopted for tho present movement—secular, 'free, and' compulsory—he hardly liked in its entirety.- He was certainly in' favour of the last point, tho compulsory, and was ready to stand by. it but' whatever might arise out, of it. He believed that educa tion should be made compulsory, because tho 'State was bound to supply an education to tho rising generation, and this could only be done by making education compulsory. Here we had universal suffrage, and that more than any- thing else was' a reason- why education should be made compulsory. Every voter who went to the ballot ought to be able to distinguish for himself tho names of tho various candidates, and he would even go, so far as to say that no ' one should be allowed to vote who could not so distinguish the several names. He would not like to,petition for tho exclusion of the Bible from our Public schools, because he would prefer to see it used as a class book to be read in , schools, but without comment. There were many, of his friends now. present who did not believe in 'the Bible as an inspired book, but who yet admired it as a literary production, and who would not object to having it taught without comment in schools, simply as a literary work. Others, again, liked it for other reason«,., and.he confessed that ho would rather see it used as a class-book. . But if we were to have general education; and 'that, to secure that object we should have to exclude 'tho Bible from our schools, he would be content that it should be so, because general and compulsory education was tho first thing to bo considered, and waa corùinly the on)y thing that ought to bo considered in so far as the State was oonoemed. The State should have nothing to do with religious teaching, but should leave that entirely to tho care of tho several denominations. As regarding reading, writing, and arithmetic, that should be made compulsory, and, if made compulsory, ' tho teaching ' must of necessity be free. Thus he was agro^d *s to two points of tho , programme, and -was .?prepared to yield the third in order to soouro the othjer I < two. Ho might mention that ho had reoeivod a note from . the Mayor of Sydney, regretting that ho could not be" present that'evenuig. Cy reason of Iris being engaged in tim .«flleikl capacity to Tie present at tho opening of the ndw 'PoBt Ofilco. lu conclusion, ho would urgo upon tho speakers to, as far as possible, avoid personalities«. Thpy i -wero going in tor a groa principle, and, whilst holding their.own viowt, ought to concedo to othorstho right pf ' having their owii opinions. Lot them, then, keep in view tho objoct of the meeting, and not individuals. (Heir, hear.) >.,-.<;' The Rev. J. Q»winwood, M.A., on rising, was recoivod \- -with'loud' and prolonged cheers. Ue said, I cordially «onbur with, 'the observations which havo just fallen from you, Mr. Chairman, because wo ought to | koop before our minds the -fact that wo aro not . io tallow tillar important matter to degonerato into * personal quai roi, or even a mero politioal parly fight. It is the bono of publie life among us that our raprosooU- | '. tfros^omohöw Seldom give expression to what thoy da ilaro ,;*¿1 bo strong convictions without descending to personalities : ' and recriminations, which are an insult and a wrong to tho 'people they represent ; and this virulence of patty strife j» tho loss pardonablo becauso it seldom over olai'iiH to bo . ,theietvrneatno8B qf fidelity to principio. On this question, \- so!far, tho tone of'the spoakors on both sides, and of the ' general Tress, lint, been courteous and respectful, audit, is 1';'to^bc hoped wiU'eontiuue bo to tho end. (Hoar, heir.) ^.t r, äie request of, tííó committee, I am to take sonio uotico of ,r'thaaàddro,i3'delivered hero last week by tho Bishop bf Sydney. "Let it not bo supposed that wo aro solooting one ..i Alan, for j tho purpose of single combat. Tho fact is, wo ; 'invited the Bishop to co-operato with ns a fow wooka ago, t, and appointed a deputation 'o wait upon him; but before ( i wo could co_niimio»te with him, a letter of his appoared .- in tho Herald disolaiuiniK all sympathy with our nlovb . . meut, and after tliat we received a formal reply to our letter, U practically declining to reocivo the doputatwn. Thinking «hat tho facts which wo had oolloctod, would tell upon his lordship's candour nnd consciontiousuoss, 1 forwarded to him a letter giving au epitome of our caso-reserving to ",'myself tho righi:oi publishing if I thought it necessary tho' eorrespdndonce which ensued. 1 thus guardad mysolf against any chairo of a breach of ^confidence. To that . letter I received'tbis reply, :- ' * '] j Uirimpîcourt, Randwick, 4til August, 1974.1 \- "»-My dear 8ir,-I hnvo rectived your letters of the SU h and 31st , . «iitin_, and oin very much obliged to you far the inrarmitlon .rou , . *aWfolvcn to me, and for tho oourteir of your oomnrnniostioU. uii1!?*Jjropoie to hpM a publia meeting on this subject,of Ko-" , ' form and Kducatwii at which I »hull hare tho opportunity di ' rirtog mV reasons îor tbolineof onduotl intend to purauo. ¡I '?" S-t »vailmyself of the liberty you Brant, and request yon to ex t>M*tio>tne if 3 cement royielf at this timo with acknowledging the rcetipt ol your lenoi s ? ' i-tvîto m. M-oUcveae, my dear Blr, very truly youri, t . war fca.! . ' -ii *. atimav.! -.j.T«» will thus 'perceive that I was referred to tho mooting then intended to be held-and which was hold lint wo-'k-for -,^«n answer to the ouse submitted to his lordship. He does not cite my letter in his address, but ho uses its inforwa t,j tion all, through, and as ho referred mo to his intended speech as a public reply, I only follow his own oxiiinpla in reviewing that reply publicly too, with porfoct courtesy to him, but with unswerving fidelity to the truth. So far as, my action in this matter is concorned, my chief aim v .-¡IhattQ has been to assail the unbounded self-complicenoy. ,' which has ? marked almost every public roforonco to our educational condition. Wo wero loudly declared to be iu .? »wy satisfactory state, in advance of'almost overybody elsb-Victoria, tho United 8taUs, and Europe; and this opinion would seem to havo prevailed in the educational \- . department too, for I found that in ISO!) wo had a largor .? proportionate enrolment than wo had iu 1873. For four Sears out of the seven, during which our present Public chools Act has been in force-and thoso tho .last, four years, wa havo scarcely kept ,pion "''with Iho growth of tho population, and I was driven to uno of two inferences- oithtr tb.it we had oi-taken -tho proper Hoods of tho people by our oduoV _ 'tiona! frorisions in 1S09, or that our present condition m mt I bo very unsatisfactory. Ae to which of theso inference« is > .'46rroct wó may appeal forproof notonlyto tho moss of fao* already beioro the public, but also te the admissions and coa , - cessions of the defenders »f things as thuy aro. First tho Colo- nial Secretary carno to the rescue of his waning reputation as the father of tho Public schools, nnd right in the teeth of I his'own statistics, And before some thousands of people, h id t thé'audacity to declare that his Act liad put us in a hotter conditionîthan Victoria was in with all Vier rooont trouble and expense. Mr. Parkes'» reputation is inr inoro likely to be'injured by such recklcs-. stateuonta as th it, right in tho face of facts which overybody can tott, than by frankly confessing that wo are far behind Victoria, the Northern United 8tatos, Canada, Germany, Donmark, Nor- way,! Sweden, Switzerland, and" the Netherlands , both ' in ' recaní to the amount of ignorance . : oxiuting, and tho extent of our provision for removing ia Bo may try to ovado tho facts as much as hu likes ; but you havo them in your possession, not on my authority, ' but on. the authority of about ten GovoruweaM whoso ollii » oiaj reports I havo summarised; and thoy should confront him at every turn until ho frankly confesse« the truth.' (Cheers.) The wolfare of this land is bound up in thá intelligence and virtue of its pooplo, and that is of far mira importanco than even his teputation. And after all his apologies, he hns already made ono great concession-ho will give up tho demand now made upon local residents for one-third of the cost of Public school buildings. And what does that mean ? It moans tlut instead of seotarion inlluonces getting hold of tho moneyed men-at Newtown for instance-so that you cannot go\ their BubscriptionB to mis» the necessary one-third, you may " necuro any day a good central Public school, worthy of sa . thriving a suburb, wh.re all your childron may reaeivo a . good, sound, primary eduction sido by side without dis- tinction of sect or creed. (Cheers.) It moans that instead of turning ohildren away irom the Public sohool at BalJ . main because the Council Mill not boar tk# wholo cost of enlargement there as they do in Sydney ; and so sending theso children to a Church uf England sohool whore thoy oust £1 Gb. per child in salaries last year,-and to a Koimn *V Catholic school where they cost£-¡ 18s. Cd. per child ia salarios (cheers) ; by this new concession, you can got ; the'/Wholo cost of enlargement from the Council and keep alle/ ' ohildren in tho Publio school at a cost 'of only.119s. in salaries-(obcore)-and so both pay for tho enlargomont out of tbo différence in salarios in two or three years, and secure a better education without porpetnating ¡.wUgiouaanimosities at the oxpense of all the taxpayers ot the country. That is what this conoeseion of the Colonial , Secretary's means, for Parliumont will readily vote tua money which the people very cheer/uliy give to suuh a .DUrpose.' (Cheers.) But if wo had not roused tho country äomowhat on this matter, is thero a man hore who botioves -:äwtiWe should have heard a word of such a concession vixom the Premier in tim >oar of ¡croco, 1874 'i Wo oUim this as tho first fruits of our lab/.i.r, and it is almost, enough : in* itself to justify tho 00111*0 we linve taken. ílísu, h« ir.) But wo havo had other concession». The Bishop oí Sydnoy, after making out that wo must havo 21,000 childron enrolled more than tho propor proporti >u of sohool ago, still " consider that tho Parliament iry grant ; should be augmented, and that application should hu nnJe ' to Parliament-for an intruded educational grant." And , ho says this after doing his best to lessen tho n'Oil for moro \- Sohools which I had pro tvd ; so that it looks as if be were Trifling enough te get ho'dof additional laonoy for Church ' ef England schools, whether thore is more work ro-juinng, .te be done for it or not. Of coarse, ho daos not me,ia th a, ** but Why did io put the two things side by side iu such a * to-iptinff way? If he had tested my fiirures by such 'Offioial dooninents ns he might have easily obtained, instead of trying to upset them by guasr-work and rule of thumb, he would have given us more confidence in his »sniiwrnrwi asan educational reformer ; and strengthened,) instead of weakening, oar application to Parliament for largor funds, so that, to uso his own words, "every child in tho colony should b» in the position of receiving primary, education." We will tako his ooucession, however, likj) tbnt of the Premier's, for its full- Talus, and hopo that ?alfh- Bishop nor Premier is a fair apuoiuien of ths mathematical preflcienoy of th«.Pabilo «ohooU of New, .'./.'.' . ."..li,"/ .,-... . '.4 f < ' t1 v ' . South Wales. Both gontlomcn socmed to bo tolorably well satisfied with thine;« ab thoy wero boforo wo took thj Mold ; snd if wo had only suecotdod in gotting thom publiulr in confess their discontent with present attainment-!, wo aro not without our reward. (Cheers.) JJut wo hivo also soinu thing liko o oorrcotion, if it ia not a ohallanga, from anothei quBtter. You must know that Archbishop Vuvgh'tn made nn after-dinner speech at Maitland on ino very dty. on which wo hold our laut meeting hero. Ho soimJ' to" | havobeen in rather a merry mood, and ho aro told that wo. muet not apply rigorous oriticism to nfter-dinnor spoiiBlioy ' though, for my imrt, I oould never seo why having hid » good dinner ought to be accepted iw any cxou«o for tálkine; nonsense (Laughter.) Tho Archbishop choio t.i nfiko education his theme, and thcroforo ho comes legitimately across our platform te-nißht. Ho talks about tho hain Of truth so surrounding him that thora is danger of our oonfnnnding it with bim, and so swallowing bim as wo do a gilded pilli (Laughter.) It was candid of him, at all event», to %ivo «s warning ; but, to'roaasuro him, \v$ will try to let him understand that if wo ovor^fool tompted »jo ,tpka the dose which he procents, wo will look twico bofor«v, wo venturo on tho process ol deglutition, for Wo liavo nit the least doubt that his educations! nostrum, in spite of its., gilding, -would be found a very bitter -dnso- indeed, (Chc< re.) " Ah, but," sivys the Archbishop," I have oonjo to toll jon my principles of education. Just as philosophy governs tho world, so the principies of oducatum produjo rho rouit! of what I cAll n grand, noble, uathoho rrcntlcman., , I do not talk much of my ' ancestors.' ' Myt ancestors ''wero Catholics.' VAU 'your 'ancestors woroj Catholics. And If pooplo siy to me, my ancoi tori wero . not Catholics, I say,1' ah, porhaps you do' not-holong to a very old family. I do notrliko ta be very hard upon them " (Lnughior and choors.) "Bless tl(0 light of his atietooratio countenance ! WhatiWould have booorqo' of iib low-born Now South Welsh people if this great lumi- nary of tho agoTiact not dawned upon us ? ' Ho comos of an. ;old family, and ho has a coat o( arms, and ho had tho. ."honour of, being cioorono to ,fhe Prinoo^of, Walos on j his visit to tho Vatican ; but still ho dooa not liko to bo .,vory hard ¡upon tboso whcj may perchance bo able to boaatof nono of theso distinctions. Well, Sir Archbishop with youri pedigroo nnd your coat of arm*, and your' rVaticnn mannors, I will one/ago to find many a plain work- ing man in,thin bonighted land whoso father was porhapsja ploughman, and who«o mother «as a plain country housè wifo, who is yot a truer ccntleman than this grant ooclo«ias tioal dignitary who has Icnrnt no botler munnora than thus openly to boast of the extraordinary morit ofhnpponing to bo able to supply tho names of a few "moro grandfathers in his lino of descent from Adam and Eve than most othor peopto can. (Cheers.) If this is a specimen of his principio* cf education, ho may be pretty sure that, notwithstanding the gilding of tho pill, the pooplo of ¡Nsw South Walo» will havo nono of it. (Cheers.) But horo is ono point vfOT the present ' Ho say« "at is 'a duty inoiimbont -on mo to go into tho different towns und' oitiee of 'New South Wales, and oncourago education/' .Thus we have all throe of thoso great dignitarios-nno Premier,Bishop, and Archbishop- altor a period of »tag nation in 'the case of two of them at all events-burning with new bom zeal to "encourage education." Deoidfdiy tho world is getting on ; and it ib something to have tho idea pretty well established that whatsopvarour system is to be, something mora must bo done than we have been., doing latoly te bring primary instruction within roach of all tho children in tho land. Our next nio'st desirable' stop ii to get Bishop and Archbishop to givo tip thaUitUo gamo whioh Dr. Barry, in imitation of Arohbishop WtíKtoly, so Veil described at our last meeting, * v * j " Pull 'em by the riRht ley, " ^ ' I . Pull "em by the loft leg, ' ' ' " 1 . Tall *oni by both Icrí, ' ' ¡ , Make 'om saj thou- praver».". i i ' ii, (Laughter.) All this, howoror, is merely light skirmish- ing; wo will now oil! in our outposts and'come'to cloke quarters. Wo'wfil first take a glance Wtho pppsniag stotistios that have boen submitted, and here I must pro- test against a more moss of figure! boing called etnrfsticis, Boforo jon. can claim that namo fer your flgurei-ta.nmho which is now almost scientific-you mnst havo -propnr arrangement and olasi-ifioation ; you must havo souio" basis for comparison with similar figures from whatever spmcei thoy oro to bo hud ; and you must havo some leading prinoiploor.argumant to which Ihoy aio to be subord na te. Our friends carne last week with their aran full, of il g urja and threw them down almost promiscuously before thoir audience and cried, " Thoro oro statistics for jon ; what do you think of that now !" Think; why that you aro n'çoopo lo bring a lot of figures without knowing how to uso thom. Several times my Btatouv nt was challenged that wo have a school population of 110,000 From evidonoo pubaihsd on Saturday, ba«cd on our census itsolf, you would soo that whether wo take tho school agoto bo from 6 to IA, na in moBt other places, or from 1 to 14, as in ,lhe regulations Of our own Public Sohool Act, this number is under tho truth, as I knew it was by actual calculation belora making tbo statement ; and therefore both the Bishop of Sydney nnd his lieutenant, Mr. Alexander Stuart, will have to acknow- ledge themselves wrong, or else prove that the census is wrong. Then there was an attempt to swell ' tho number of children who are being educated. Here I ought to tell you that the proportion of nearly one-fourth of tho entire population enrolled in common schools in Victoria and the northern United states does not include private schools and Colleges', in respect to which the United States and all enlightened European countries are as far in advance of us as they are in their provisions for primary instruction. And for my part, I may as well tell you honestly that I long to see the tree of knowledge in this land accessible to every child, from its lowest branches to its very uppermost." The poorest child born in tho land may bo as largely endowed' with brains as the richest, and it is for tho interest of the State that the penury, and even vice and crime, of the parents should not prevent tho brain power of the children from being turned 'to the best account. (Cheers.) We will learn that, however. at present, and pass on to notice that it would be only fair to require that our private schools shall be left out of the account for tho purpose of comparison—as is done else- where But suppose ne include them and givo credit also for the Bishop's öO^O educated at home, making a, tot ii qf 111,000 as, tbo eniolment for tho colony in 1873. Now de- duct from Uiiii all under five j ears nnd over fifteen, !»eMU«e wo havo included nono of tho population beyond thoso limit», and then deduct the fair proportion-ii you can And out what that is-who are er rolled two or three times over add what may wo suppose will bo. tho number left ; li havo goño carefully into the matter, with such imperfect data as uo can get, ana as challeng- ing Beeuis to bo the ordor of'the day I wíüi-niy.' this challenge. I defy tho Council of Education, ti»1 hoads of private establishments, tho Registrar anti Auditor- General, nnd whoever elso may feel tempted tlo take the field, to provo that, however many names tbo> may be ablo to show on our school rogl«tors, thoy had more than 80,000 living children between tho ages of live »n& fifteen years enrolled in ali our public and private nebo" ife during tho wholo course of 1873-(oheors)-and I »lefl them to prove that we over had moro than 50,000 chlldrel present at nil our public and private schools on any or* day of 1873. My conviction is that wo had nt least G0,0ut> of our school population who were novor inside a hchooj during tho whole of that year, and that wo h.i(l an average of 90,00i of school ok6 abseaj on ovory day of the school yc-ir. Of caur-oj I do not maintain that none of the*; abítenteos rooeiwtf lan/ education. It is to bo fosred .that poor parents, and peri haps avaricious and selllah one», withdiaw thoir children* fruin sohool at tho ago of twelve, or even earlier, and thms tliai-a.ycar or two's schooling is quite sullioient ; w hoi eu each year nitor twelve is probably of more importance than all tho previous yoars. (Cheers.) Making due nUotvan.-l for nil this, I bolievo no fair-minded man -who has full* i investigated the matter will refuse astest to my oft] : repented declaration, that when we consider tho lirgd number of school ago not enrolled at all, andtlie largo nula) iber of regular abbcnteos, wo< cunnot nara less* than 40,006 children in tho colony untouched by any of our sohool provisions, and growing up in a condition* of all but absoluto ignorance. Now I am much mlsti^ou if tho voico of tho whole popple of this colony will not insist upon the completo removal of thin costly and burden- some stronçhold of ignorance and crimo. (Choors.) InJ etalmcnts m such n wattor aro too door ; for whilo tho gross is growing tho horse starves ; we must h ivo ' ii measure that will bring the wholo Of our educablo popula-j . tion within the reach of intelligence in ono or at most (w a j ears; beoaufooveryyear a large proportion' pass lioyond our reach for life ; and overy eight yeirs the wholo sohool population has passed away into tho general mass of thd pcoplo. Every year's dilay will tost us, in the) criminal nnd other results of ignorance,-by giving 1 us for life 1 criminal in 17 instead of I ia I C4-far moro than that year's 'proportionate Conti [.of an effectual remedy, and you must not 'let youd i representatives go to sleep on such a matter. Before pro-j | ceeding, lot mo givo you somo ide* of what wo are to ni ml at. Leaving out private schools, our,enrolmeat is at u/Ht I only 16 per cent, instead of about 21 por cent, as it aboaid bo, and our average attendance 8 per cent, instead of'U per cent. But never mind the enrolment . if the aver*«.! attendance ii what it ought to be. In England itsnlf' tho Commissioners of Education take nearly one-sevonlh as tho prepoition that ought to ba in average attendance, not. during one quartor and ono day oí the wook but for overy diiy of tho school-) ear. Tato that in }uur| Btasdard-insist on your sch on that basis, for all short of that is delubivo ; nnd when anybody comes boforo you to bowt uf thj wonderful educational work ho hue done, ask bim if the! Btttndanco nt your common schools comos up to an avrragel of one-seventh of tho entire popul ii ion of tho colonv, and I whatever he shows short of that will ri present ho mildil either total ignorance or inefficient education, of which you! will ha\e to bear the burden. (Cheers.) With a popula- tion of 660,000 wo must at once have common (.ohtiolj accommodation for 80,000 who should bo found thoro evoryj day of tho school j oar; and whatever tho system niiybo.i that is tbo work to bo done, and he is no friend -to New j South Wales who tries to i persuado you thati it is 1eb8. Do not let anybody frighten you' about the cost of this. You aro »ponding 10s pur head' of your wholo population on crime, half of which oomoM from one-fourth of your people who aro unuble to read and write ; it will coct you no more than this oxcesa of crimo! duo to ignorance to próvido a uniform system of effluent' education, for »11 your children. (Cheers). Nowuwoiil respecting the waste of useless competition bet worn ou-l rival BystemB. My case was this :-Takinir nil the Pub!io| schools in Sydney on one «ide, and all tho Denojiinatiouil/ schools for the same district on tbo other, the coat to Uioj country in salaries is 4s. 8d. por child in avorago altoad-tD'/« at Denominstionol Bchools 'moro than it'is at the Public schools. Then we have 77 »laoes oat of Sydney whure 181) schools exist, manv of them struggling for lift*, and |riwv ridicnlously, ._«_ »alarie« to.the sehool toaohmi, ty Jkc , . , , , ? "I .,' . n 1 ' ,-.! ..1 1»/ >. - HI».? ,'.<." 11 ??> . "Í..J ...l.Uci « Boiioupdt I riment of publio education ; and for this farce of (ducHticA, whi. h is all wo get in many of thoso plaoes, wo nro liijiBft in snliirita !>s. Id. per child moro than wo pay for nur be*! «nd most rfllei.nt sthools. (Cboers.) The cast . «full this is about £10,000 in mono}-, and in an inferior iducalion. Mr. Rilchio, of Moruya, has proved with tcuutiflo accuracy that in Sydnoy alono, whoio Denomi nutional education is at its best, this loss doubles myesti n.iito, What is tho case inroply? One Publio school whs hrlcctod out of all in Sydney to comparo with throe Chun h of, Knglaud schools to prove that ia the latter tho i oi«t in falarics is leas per child than in the formor. Sup po.o it is, does ihnt subtract one farthing from tho 4s 8d. fer child «x1 m cost in salaries at Denominational srhools, which is found bj taking all tho schools in Sydnoy of both ?«'buses Ï And if tho balnnoo wero on tho othor side, (hero would remain this fict, that the salary of a teacher dcrend« on his certificate, and for n small ?olieol (ho Council at present cannot affoid to appoint n high-clasfod tcaohcr ; and, in my opinion, the ciualilicatidn oi n'(nicher is or fur moro importance than the difference in salary .between tho different grades. .(Cheers.) ButnoV^ ge( jfonr Council of Education. to( give you a return of Odo' KrnrlrB.of.yvur t in Victoria, and you will, then, find roy argument against «ur present divided system iuorpnied twofold. Next, our .fricnds,;l«st wrck, went into the country, but, Instead çf inking tho competing school«, thoy took all tho Public and all tho Denominational schools in tho colony add >P)ovqd the cost and salar\os, books und apparatus, ana guan .ikms.of expenso as occur perhaps onoo iu/flvo yours, io te great« la»t year jn the Public tlian in tho Denomination*! schools, lint in what way docs that pravo that %ie «u> not paying more to support two or throe 'schools in each of theso soventy-soven plaeos th^n ?no ntid pay for one good school in. each piuco for all 'elapses. Ihey never once itaneniborod that I had pointed nut the significant fact that we have in the .country. bcsidcH theso competing schools, ';)89 schools exclusivo of piovisionsl' and nhlf-tirae- sohools, where the avera&o; ' nttendanco is only 40, and in only 60 of these place« do the denominations occupy tho ground, thus loaving u« alone with our Public eohools in 3'J7,places, in the colony until tho population shall become, denso onöügh ta tempt thom' into llio field; and then, instead of tho inerooso of porralk lion lessening thii ro»t per child, as it would by giving! a larger attendance at ono sohool, thoy open an opposition school, «id pre vent us from reaping this'^nd vantage by milking education dearer still ; and so long as thoy can got j.air nttendanco our wasteful law enable* thom to do that, ' and our accommodating Council oxtends tho privilogo fur- ther still. If our friends moan to be considered fair and candid-and religious people, abovo all othor», ought to be , that-lh( y will havo to face that fact, and not conveniently ignoro it ns thoy did last week. Thar which oxisU iu those 77 places whero we. havo now.189 rival sohools will exist as population increases, under our presontllftw, in all tho other 327 places where now wo havo only Publie sohoobi, and in (ho GO pinces whero wo have only Donorainatiomvl -cliools ; for a Roman Cntholio or a Church of England school once startot 'in a placo is protty suro totompBa -nval into tho field boforo'long. It is for tho pooplo-&u; whom tho cost of tho rivalry mIIb-to siy whether they intend any longer'to permit it to'exist, both at thoir eitcnso and to tho eoriuns'injury .of public in-truoiioh. (Cheers.) Most likely' you will bo oxpooting mo to ' say a fow words rospocting tho £¿64,018 paid to Deuomlnjk- ' tiona! schools out of tho Consolidated Rovtnuo since 1807. First it is all but certain that thiB sum includes at loiist ""ü^OOO paid for' Denominational buildings, repairs, and furniture contrary to tho !nw; and I advise you to kofip your eye» on that item, for we mean to have -it" thoroughly investigated before we havoidono with it. Thon our friend, Mr, Stuart, enid that I was wrong iu supposinr thal tai« sum did not include a share of tho cepensos of gone^al management, amounting to £128,000. Well, 1 had good reason to imagino myself right in that supposition; and'if Mr.'Stuart is right in his statement tho Council have .allowed him to obtain information whioh thoy hid refused mc, but which you may bp quito sure.wo will obtain licfdr» wa nre much older. And undor 'any ciroumstimcos wo have a balanco-fhoot showing a gain of nearly £72,000' for tho rublio over the Denominational sahoils foiMhe last sovon years, And takinp the bnlldmir aoflount by itself wo bave ascott of only 8s. 8d por child por annum as purchaso ruonoy'of tho Public sohoolproport. ; against a ?. , rental of 3s. !)d. per child per, annum for tlioDûnonli nulioi.al »chool, or 39 per cent, of iho purchase money., 'If these statements aro disputed, 1 con only aay thit.so far ha my iiiguirios, havo led mo I beliovo this to bo under tho tiuih ; and' nt all ovouts wo boldly challenge investigation, "sud aro content to nbido by its rovolntion. Aud if wo hid " itfc'Tree uno" of nil the Denominational school buildings in the colony,, wo should still lind that the ox ti ii wat on salaries for u largo number of comparatively small schools Would more than equal the cost of building Public, «choola . on tho' basis of ono Uniform system. (Cheon) ) ,Kow we will dunnes statistics for tho present, and fall baik upon'tho principles which undcilie tho wholo ques- tion. The .Bishop of Sydney says of tho children or the colony, " We boliove that thoy i-hould ho taught .reli- giously." It is doubtful whether this retors to the manner of teaching or the subjects taucht. If it rofeis to tho manner of tcirhing, then wo shall havo to dolino what is the proyer religious niiinner of touching rending, writing, mid arithmetic- (laughter) ; a definition which ourCounoil or Education havo never yet attempted. But probibly tho u-enning U thnt the children should bo taught religion.' If to, thoro are very few in the colony who do not believe tho smiio: bnt teaching religion ia ono thing,,and making the Pinto ptiy for that teaching íb another. (Loud and prolonged choeringi) Iruo, his lordship says, " Th.y Imvo tac fsmo course of secular instruction, and they «dd tho religious instruction without chnrfiing the State for it. 'then why rcqttiro poptirato sohools ? Whynot let all the children icteive tho samo secular instruction in 'a common State school, and leave tho denomtaiiüouü to follow it up yith their gratis religious instruction by thoir uCT rfjnra'ç ro igious organisations, without making tho .Siahj próvidofor thitjgiatis íoligiouj iustruotiou uy ocrti fjing Denominatiojul fohools sido by s.do with Public schools!-' (Cheers.) If this religious instruction is reillj griitii.- as it ought to be, so far as the State is c mourned ? and n'ot meant to le foiuponputed by somenttondnnt advan- tage to tho dcnousinafions'by having sepárate schools, thcro ct\n bo ,no reneou whatover shown loi tuo eiisteuvu of any but cumuoii Pnblic school« at tho expenso of tho whole people. 'And if tho Bithop and his suppoitcrs hn\,o. an i"idea" to the contrary, lot them pay for their idea, and not make tho State pnv for it ; mid wa can b.ne co possible objection. (Cucum.) NoU, Dr. Birkdr tells us th _to tend their children io the Denominational schools, wheeo religious insttttciiûii ¡a given, rather than fo tho Public fihcols, where it it not gina." Is it so r (Criai of " >'o, nu'") Thin, what is tho proof of thin notorioij ': M\\. l'arkcc end Dr. Smith both bated thoir defence hr-roly upon tho fact that tho Denominational schools had 4*4 criaBci »ince 1867 from 317 to Ü0Ó. Does this prove» Di. Bmker'B notorious fnot" Tho troo «tato of the enso i«,thijt tlic woiking clasica nnd people in general .send their chij dicn to the nearest school »here thoy oan get a gooi)'ordi nary education; und the religions part of tho curj rtculun: is either directly prohibited by tho parents, as in scores 'of eiset that h-ivo * oome under my own pereonni Jcnowled(fC, or submitted " ti> «cere the pnrents-have no decided Teligiomi'oonviotions.auç (lint ib in tho majority of cases submitted^ for the bake oí the secular iiiBtruction with which tho religions is coupled.. When it is renitniberod that wherever a Denominational school exists,' the clergyman und nil his visitors aro itf ij-ccinl touts in every family to which thoy havo accès1»', il is a 'hunter of absoluto wonder that public opinion hat declared so uniuittahably in favour of Public schools'al to iir.yo lu ought their enrolment up to 18,000 in 187J. ' «gnlns't 3oJtjUU in Denominational school*, when tho balance in lbß( waa just the other way. (Cheers.) Wo nre next unformed'that wo lind ''stated thero mv 10,000 childtod in competing schools." We novor stated uiiy euch thing. He js, doubtless, referring to my letter in the Bttatd 'On tho ölh of August, showing that we had over 10,000 children in nvorage attendance ut the ISO competing ichpol« out of Sidney; and ho has con! fused the nuuibor of childron with tho pounds waste3',id Mich competition, and no wonder, for it id a most confusing subject, atid' his lordbhip bus mado of it ''oonfuiioa .worse confounded.'1 Ho was cort&iulv; very onulid'tol doubt .whether the etateincnt could bo made good bofor« be hid even taken the troublo to understand it.- But, then! why i.dd in the very next sentence, " Is competition therj m evil }?" Fiift, ho tries to show that tho oompotition ii .ess than we bad stated ; tbon he argues .that' coiupotittoa is a good thitigi If so, the moro of it tho better ; and ha ,.iught to apologise for not giving us more-not thro^ 'doubts upon our chargo that thcro was so much. B_ut 'what a singular misconception about compétition. Thujf i-ay there ia nobody so blind na the mart who will not tee. Tho competition is not which can give thq /..eel education, because the inspectors havo sottled thnt point for us by classing the Public schools us only"44 per cent, below tho standard, and the Denominational Oil por et ni. ; but it is A competition fpr pupila and 'a Govern-! "incut ¿alary, no matter what the standard of education moy be, and when the balance ia largely against n Denomi-j ttbtitinal tthool ; just as tho Gani threw in his uword1. to oulweight the poor Roman'« tribute of gold-so the clergyj throw in.lho full weight of their clerical influence to turu! thusenh-sin their fu\our. Mr. Stuart himself uoknoir JiHJgid last week that thtro wore twonty-nine Denomina-! lii.mil re! ools in which tho average attendance was bolowj iniity, and wbioh, notwithstanding, uro kept in existence iu di nanoo of the Jaw; and we havo aevoral times pub-j iii'lud tho fsct thnt, from a return in 1872,,it appears ihiro wero 30 per cent, of all tho Roman Catholic i-ehools, and 2U per cent, of all the Church 'o^ Kngland schools that would have fallen below this miuunum. of 3'1 but 'for thu (roo pupds. . And during the last BovenJ youri- tlio Di nominattonal school toaohers havo lost nearly] *t'19.0t0 in f0es,ina cennpared with tho foes charged in tha 1 ul lie ».chouls. Now you can understand what compoti-' t i,d nunns iu onr primary schools, It, moans any aiaoiinti of eccltfia-ti'ul plotting, to koep in existonce moribund ivhools, suth as Appin, which has hud tho requisite number of 30 in avoiags attendance only for ono yeer since the ç.ias íng of the Act; und in tho last reDort ia pst down tor a Mil.ty of £71, to educato ll'f>children,,close besido a l'ublio t-ehool of 27 in attendance ' for a salary of .1103. Tbnt is what competition means. (Cheers )j Hut his lordthip has got an inspector to come to his help, i'U K\eiopo atUndanoe of at least 60 pupils, teacher and a pupil teachor; 80ditto, teacher and2 pupil teachers; lot) .liito, teacher, apsistant, and 1 pupil teacher; 140 ditto,' teacher, ai»i«tant,'ahd 2 pupil («aober«';'180 ditto, touchorj issismut, nnd 3 liupil teachers ; .249 ditto, teacher, 2 assist-) ' ant'«', and V/pppil leaxhers ; 4Q0,'ditto,;teacher. '¿ju*$twW .r?!t>K } rjh -<'IV< »<.>.' .l-^iM-SHW«* «-' r 1 » . three 189 schools, and I will submit it-if our friouln like-to all tho inspectors undor tho Council, in- cluding this onligntoncd advisor of the Ui«hop . of Bj dney, nnd lot thom arrange for one Bohojl in onoli place, supplitd with a properly graded steff of touchers on this bnsis of tho Council, and I will abhlo by thoir vordiol as io whether such an adjustment would not savo mora than I havo over stilted, and pi ve us a superior eduo ition woith the monetary saving twioo over. And I am sure this meeting will ncknowledgo that such a test ia the fairest that could bo proposed, (Choors.) Now we cunio to the great aruunieut-ibo question of consoionco-and horo I must express my regret that my friend, tho Kuv. Mr. l'Wor, is now absent from the oofony. Th» arguinout is renlly the gift of the whole, and wo will giva it the atten- tion which it demands. You will roniember Mr. Fraser'« argument, nnd 1 need nott, repeat that. Tho Bishop of Sydney i opiles :-" After all this is n question of degroo.aud nothing moro." What, a mutter of conscience morely a question of degico ? What sort' of moral and religion* teaching is this to ooma from tho head of a Churoh ? Nowbeioin hie spocoti does Dr. Barker put it on any othpr gruuúd. Ho eat's, "it docs not offend his conscionoo " that tbf» Church of Itomo" should rooiivo its t-hirn of the puhlio funds ;" but that is no,argument, and ho loaves this ohurgo of infidelity to conscience uiitBuched, sa yo by stating that it i» a question of degreo, and nothing moro. This " liberally administered Uenominntionalisnit' may bo wrong, but'ovon you aro a little wrong in allowing roligious inBtruotion in'a blnss-ioom; tierofore wo may go still further wrong, and pay for all sorts of soparato, Denominational schools, What sn argument for a defender of morality and religion 1 But ,(hero is another inconsistency hero. lío s*ye, '. 1 suppoio bo;o gentlemen who aro «Milled educational reformers do not intend lo' exe hide (he, Churoh of Bouts from the private ila^s-rooms of tho l'ublic schools." Then ho says further On-1' th'e proper use of tho word secular-I think wo understand what is meant by tho proper use of tho word secular, nnnicly, that it oxcludes all roligions teaching wlmlcvcr." Surely Dr. Barker is not entitled touso bolh ,thc^o arguments. It is Uko tho celebrated lawyer's pWs "for his Client,who hnä stolen a tub-"First, plaintilf novor had"a tub to be stolen; secondly, defandunthnd only borrowed, and.duly returned it «iib thanks for tho loam (Cbeira and laughter.) And hero ia another contradiction. If . wo auooeid,. , ho is of opinion that " tho isBuc will bo tho exclusion of religious teach- ing ; " and yet. a little. earlier he had inado this iiûmiraulo observation, "if you 'give secular instruotlon to tho children, you by that moans faoilitato tho givins of lo'igiotis instruction by rendering tho mind of thoohijd moro favourable for its reception. Can seoular eduo ition then bo so very inimical to religion as .to justify all tho denunciations of godless and irreligious which have been hurkd against it Y (Cheers.) But lot us press maltors, a little nearer homo still, Ho speaks of "tho Church bf Borno having a claim to her ehnro of the public funds," Sin'e!y,'ho loigots that ho is living in New South Wales, or that tho year 11102 pasBed by twolvo josrs agu. Neither, tho Church ,of Romo nor tho Church of Kngland, nor any - other Church, as a Church, has a claim to a singlo penny of tho public .funds. Theso erics raised by the dofenders of Donoruiujt tioiinlism prove that thny aro seeking to obtain through the primary sohuols of tho country whit they oan no longor obtain through tho Churches. It U a wrong 'to them, fori-ooth, not to let them have separate schools nt tbo expense of the State; but it is no wrong (« all tho other citirens of iherSt»te to ronko them pay thoir share of tho . co«t of these separate schools. SuVoly thin i« "straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel." (Cheers.) But Dr. . Batkcr says, " tho 'on'y logical conaoquenco " of our I principle is voluntatj ism in education as in roligion, How docs that follow? Wo ask tho Slate to próvido, t_dt if necessary, compel each ablo-bodiod child to receive a minimum of instruction in reading, writing, and anthon tie, as nu essential qualification for the dutio« of titmmhip. Wonrk that not ono penny »hall bo cast upOn the Plato for proud ng moro than these things, which uro the basis of »II education ; and all the other great not.Ids« important essentials of n completo education wu throw upOii the \oluntiirjitm of Churches, parents, and our gandjal sóuial and religious organisations, lu what sense can this uníate tho principles of perfoct rollgions oqulity in ttio State, or of individual fidelitv to conicionco? Yot°, bocauso this minimum of secular Instruction may facilitate rb lipious instruction by making the mind morn inlelligeat. Di. liarkir says this is an "much in principle, thouih not in degree. Suite-nid te roligion as to certify and keep in existence ut tho expenso of tho 9Uto one olas* of schools on ] uri ope to gi\ o un opportunity for teaching a oettain set of religious dogmas, and another class for teaching that those dogmas nre false. If he cannot seo the absurdity of tiii», argument, it is because his position blinds his bettor judgment, (Cheers.) But somo of us are supposed to bo in favour of building special class rooms in our Public «hiols forth« use of the clergy of all denominations. '1' for one mut-t disclaim all sjmpithy with an intention like that, I think wo have already done , rmou$h for tho dominant Churches at tho general expense of tho citizens, without spending upon them ano tim r penn). Cannot they get rid at once and for ever of all this pauper «pirit of dependence on tho State, and ri*e to the region c)f rclf-rcjpcct and self-support ? Let th*» truth rut on tau ( cn eienees of it- adherents, and if it is God's oxa. truth it will vindiuito its claims, and provo its power, not onlj v. iUiant li Statu pension, but if need wera in spite of State persecution, as it has dono ti hundred times. Yon soil the white wings of truth and clip hor mighty pinion when you tunke her a department of State, cringing and fawning before a Minuter of the Crown for the crumbs of pstmnuga that fall from his tablet, " A liberally-admiiifsterod llenominationalism r" Yes, an liberal as jou like, bat at \our own expenso if you pleaje, and not at tho expense of till your fellow- citi/ens. (Oheara.) Tho State pan huj« no denominations; you settled that iu 1862, and there is toa much light in New South Wales to talk about a " Uborally administertd Denominationslisin" now. So far as roligious in«(ructioa st Public schools Is eoncernol, all I can say is thii-nobodj has yet demanded thal a proper sebiotion Of Bciipturo lisions shall bo oxcludod from tho ordinary, secular curriculum ; und if special religious instruction can be given in our common schools, without cxpsaso to the 8tate, without interfering with the ordinsry tooch injr, 'and without favour te any oiaes of oiluons in prefwenoe to others, wo have" nothing whatever to B}y apamst that, But it will rest ou thttto who ol»im ,0 g'T0 thi.s instruct!* n to prove that they can glv» " oa. lllÇf0 tenus. (Cheers.) We have still to notioo th4 simP'*1, pit.i uigtd tv the Bishop of Sydney on bohulfof the Koolan Catholics. They object to secular sohools ; theref jro, niit lo'givo Stalo-aiu to their Denomm itional sohools is pcr »centíon. What an extraordinary argument. PorBocution used to mean euoh things os finos and aonfl-cations, impri soriiicnt nnd death ; it is to bo found in history in »nth form»' as tho massacra of the Hu^uonot», the burning of heretics under Henry VI li. ano ?his - uorthy daughter' Mary, tho Irish masMiore, the Act of Uniformity, the Test and Corporation Ac(s, ,.tho , Five Milo Aot, (ho Conventicles Act, and View'-ore such things, which somo of you now living , in Auf trslia helped to sweep away. (Cheers.) But no* it is persecution not, to give salaries from the Stste fund»« to i chools which exist as separate schools for no other re .sob than this, (hut ihoy may teach tho dogma« of ii partiqul Cbnrth. Let the" Bishop work out bin theory of poraeou '(¡au in a little fuller form, and we will place it by the sidb . of Fox's "Book of Martyrs"-'(ohcers)-or ovun Colilott's " History of England," as a proof of the enlightenment and progress of the ago. It is pcrscution .not, to pay for these ..spécial dogma* ouT pf the public funds; but it is no ^erspoution 11 compel us all to pay taxes for tho'teaching of the«' (!o;-,mas,, whothir we believe in thom or 'not.' (Ghoers. Bui, if we do Dot help theso'.school« in oxistenoe under Stat^ connel, tho Marist .Brothers and , others^, will establish H'pnme tcbools, moro Denominational" still,1 becauaj.' not ander Btato'i-iipfervision'. V-y well, let thelu. If thoy do j.ot do it now, it ia 'because, thoy can get. tho .»Stale, t"> tuleen tbeir leaching, which ia.as Denominational os i vol. could bo ', mid it they yrill not let tho State teach thei chitili.il to read bud writ« without making them Catholic! in the esme process; by all the right of conscience and bqun citinnsliipit ja but lHir that they should, beor. the"çostjO lln<-tbeuuehcR. ,/lhu twt-ty-ijx letters of tbo alpSabo i and tho nráé/figuras and a cjphor w,hioh aro ,a]l; t¿h. I dogmas of a «ocular education aro neither Protestant no I On ti olic, and ono of the most nstounding things I ever mu .1 in n.y liie'iB ihàt a Protestent Bishop should declsrojvai I on tlioe 20 letters and l(i figures na taught in'a commot I Stute school, onrtho plea that' compelling Roman- Catholic! children tovlcàtn lliéso without joining with thom the I srxj lal dogmas of that. Churoh is religious persecution. I leu.ve'it wiihjóUjH^abcut ¿Ko ttiongest proof of thj'^iro« prêts, of.ib'e times, t_st.has yoi been published, (Cheers.) The ' remc'dieh' fiu^gelted ,by üic, Bishop for the ig(pnrauQtt wbiih in 'spit«!' of \flit figures bo'confesses to uxist! w ii} ,be, m« t, by/lh,enípéaf ers,' wlío have to take up! the toniptilYory and free ?p'arï of our programólo which] j .u«VJíid not timoîtd'advociue atrôàr"laiit!.-"eetingJ '^Bu^ allow mo to notice 'onel's'uggoitfon. His lodahtpia willing lu disfrunehieothe mari who cannot read and^writo^ WjlocJh.'inithp grent- .tyranny,' tc'coiupil tho parent to ulu.i.'e the child feu- tho duties of.citizenship, or to compel the child for the rest''of>_U life, au the penalty of his j pan r.ts' negltct, lo oboy laws and pay taxes, in tho making j . iifcQ jniptisiiJ(.'of which iao'is to have no voice? ti Not evou ' Fruhsisu^jBihtarj'..tyranny goes Bayoud tiûtt.' . (Chbcri.) ,ln' ii K«(d te 'Its United ' BlUtos-ot-poeinlly Massachusetts,' 1 I he,ve already publisht-d extratia from oíficiol dôeuuieiti.,' proving flint both Mr. Parke« nnd Dr. Barker 'miis-i lepr.e.nteil that grand New England state, and on! tliBt peini 1 fhall pnliso for'a reply. Mr. Mills, of tho' Glelejh»Bpliow_1hat thoso gentlemen equally miarepre ti li i eil John Stuart Mill. In regard to Dr. Bigge,'"he is no auibority on. this question* aud I shall leave him to bo ¿Milt with by K'ntlriiitn ot his own denomination who aro to s(!dn«i> us thii, Fvcniog. Dr. B.rker's roadinj of recent; Kiipli/lj hiftoiy ¡B very di-¡reut frem mine. He taya that "nictiy of the- leaders of the Birmingham league weropnr Juilii'el to retir»" into private li/u, whilo tho author of the .Jetli «Inusecf tho English Eduaai.n Act was returned to l'»ili«uif_t by an overwhelming majority ?" Bul du* the liiVhop know that tho Libotals of Brndfoid openly, repudiated Mr. Forster, and he was H'Ui.toP'itiliiimeiit avowtily by Tory voten. Thß Consorva liuf tiimtibid at tbelast oleetion unquestionatily, c_i_y, it ^ I eli« veo, Ihrnngh the activo canvass of the publican and the («iron.; und as Dr. Barker rejoices in thal triumph, I supp. se hu limy bo considered as identifying himsolf and hih taune with tile Conservativa side. Very well; I am ' willing lo takti sides »ith the beaten Liberals, and to them 1 vii apply the w ords of Mr. Gladstone just before the de fexi ni bli- Kr.lormllill-a defeat which speedily culminated m biiiiBebold taihsgo:-"dho banner which wo carry,' tlin.gh i.ow. it iu-enm to sink over our drooping bude, will riso, -Häsin ;~. and it will bo carried in ibu bunds of- inVmniK-'people of this realm to a ourtain \ end sot.very, distant Tiotory.*', Liberal defeats iaBngland -«II.Í« It) » |> I.U ll.ljttij'.l ntl Vi f IJi .t.f.'.l'l '.'< I . -j* j ...-,. i'l «a. .r.C'ii. - ,J JL_ ' havo «lwniB boen a preparation for the greatest Liboral gum», for thofo who aro timid in place and afraid to follow nut their principles, in Opposition beoomo bravo; and it ia always truo Hint " Freedom's bnttlo once bosun, ) ¡ \ Bequeathed from biotdlng itro to «on, i Ttiouith loag'flclajcd, 1» eror won." ' So far as wo can seo, tho chiot purpo«o of tho aposkers last week whs lodetathtbo Chunhof England from thoUonomi n itionnl syhtem as a wholo, and oiaim that their schools t rliould bo exceptionally dealt with on tho ground of their exceptional ment, But th it is a claim which wo »'Jin by no moans ooncedo. As oiti/ens wo must all barn te bo independent of our spocial religious shibbo- leth*. Iholnw of the land knows noithor Protestant, Catholic, Nonconfoimist, nor any other religious body ; nnd though iho Rov. Mr. Bodo accused us of uttaoking friends and fiiCB indiscriminately, Uko a Malay running; nunick, we munt teuitnd bim that on tho bama of elti/.emhip wo etui know, on re'liirioiis grounds, neither friends nor lorn. And 1 think such arguments as tho epoakors UBi'd lust wick aro mnoh moro inconsistent nnd self destiuotivo (linn his mud and infuriated Malay. Thef remind mo of an nneedoto told 'at n pu^.dio mooting by my friend Dr. Lnndtds, of London, Bomo timo ago : " A major in the American army, in command of a fort in the Wei-t,' thought that field artillery might bo mod with ndMintugo ngninst tho Indians, it', instoad of boing dragged «long in tho usual manner, tho guns wero faaU'nod to the back« nf mulos. Tho experiment was tried. A howit'/.or ' whs hti apped on a mulo's b»ck, with the muzzle toward« the tail. I ho mulo was lod up to tbo edgo of tho blulf, and his tail turned in the direotion fof n target whioh had leon erected in the middle'of the' river. Tho olllocrs , stood round in a semioirolo to walch tho result, Tho fuse wuk lil. Its ctrango llwing soon attracted the attontion of the animal, which looked round to seo what was wrong. As ho turned his hosd lils body moved. Ho bocaino eix cited, and soon, with his four foot drawn olo«o together, whs spinning round Uko a top, tho gun swooping round the horizon, and threatening' doath to ovory man within half-a- mile. (Laughter.) Tho commandant ran np tho nearest tree. Tho two nontenants slipped ovor the precipice, heedless of the damage dono to thoir uniform;, Tbo liiHJor rollid on the ground and groaned. At length bang went Ino gun. 'Iho mule was »oon turning a series of «¡nu rsnults over tho precipice, until gun and all dis- appeared beneath the deep waters of tho river. Tho shot was found to hure shattered n briokwallof tho major's houso, and frightened his wifo into convulsions, it is mid, and wo can well beliovo it, thnt no report of that ox-, périment Was ever sent to tho War OlTioo.": (.Prolonged ' laughter.) 1 fancy the Bishop's ar- gument must havo produced an oftbot quite as' alarming ninon^ his friends na that oxtamporizod battery did in the American army ; and it will probably be soma timo boforo they recover from thoir consternation at tho singular slmtcgy of their loader, finally, is thoro any need to keep up the bnttlo of tho eects on tho ground of the primary school i Rcliçjon should bo tho very last enemy to tho diffusion of that know- ledge which v facilitates tho reception of truth. A common school education two idl require and agreo to givo; none of us doubt that the State may givo it, ami is bound to see that it is given by regard to its own welfare. Lot ,us not bar tho way to making this universal by striving to append to it religious boliofs which may be infini (ely more precious than all literary facts; bul whioh appeal le tho consciences of individuals, and aro therefore beyond tho provinco of tho'Statw In tho words of the Rev. J. Frnter, n clergyman of tim Churoh of EnglnuU employed by the British Governmont to report upon tho Aiqencnn and Canadian schools, in 1867, and whoso report forras a voluablo work of 242 p.igo|, ' from SvhicK ' I quoto, " Even undor a system of seculnr education I thould neither despair of Christianity nor of morality.' Tho personal character of the teacher, the TnoBt powerful influence for or against both, would remain unchanged! Tho Sunday school would start out of its present lethargy into renowed lifo nnd vigour. SermonVmight'have'a better chanco of being understood. .At any rato, religion^ truth, in tho sonso alono in which every oño pmes it-thnt ti, in 'hK' own sonso-would not hare to bo j compromised, adjusted, trimmed, pared down. It would reninin res imVyru to be dealt with by ottoli minister of religion in his own way, according to his on« principles, at his own timoi" Tho rev. gentleman sat dowii nmid~t long nnd loud continued ohoerlnji;. | Tbo Rev. G; Wooi.Nouo.il, who was received with lund cheering, said : It is with very great pleasure that 1 rise (o say n tow. words for the I'ublio fichools' Loaguo, nojv formed, to mako the primary education givon by tho State 'in^his colony recular, compulsory, nnd froo. My pleasure arif cr from my com lotions that in advocating the e uu»o c-f this lei'gue, I um advocating tho interests of the ehiidron of this country-(hear, hoar)-and helping to lay aright t;."o foundation of a groit Empire, that wo aie all fond of tnlklDg about. I am ready to admit that my Cou v.ctie.ne may result from ignoranco and error, and that my jiati-f.ic.tion may bo illegitimate ; but one has this oouipon fntingplcoMire, Vi?., tho pleasure of knowing thit this hypa tbetis may be equally put of those who «lank from tua othor sid«. (Applause.) ¿We who stand hore to-nifrht hHppan to oc( upy u position moro favotirablo than that of tho geri- '' tltmeuwhci stood here a fortnight ago. Thoy had only their ow n programme to spenk to. We havo both thu'r. progmmmo unaltered to advocato nnd the programme df ' our opponents to'which tb reply. Wo havo now heard Dr. Smith. President of tho Council of Education; Dr. B uker, tho ¿»resident of tho Episcopalian Couiuiuniuu, Dr. i Vaughns, tho bend of tho Roman Catholics ;" Mr. Parkos, bend of tho üorerninont ; nnd'the tSyitnt!/ Ufornim/ Heroic. (Hear, hear.) It h rcRfOnable to suppose that we Lavo ' heard the wisest, tho most couolusivo anil forciblo thing», thnt can bi Mid against us,' and looking at them calmly, I venture to say that if these» tilings had fallen lrutn men of less repute, tlic\ would ha\o Leen deemed unwotthy of reply. (AppliUse.") But befuro 1 enter upon tho discussion of the t.ubjoot , allotitd to mo- compuhory cduoation, I wish to sty a fow wold» of a pernotad chatactor. In his address in this hill ' a week ngo, Mt. Barker said-I'd. can only sat with robard , to our own fchools that I cannot understand howgontlo rncn who value the Biblo as much hs I do should-i will not say consent to its being excluded from the Publij' school«, frr that is not a part o£ oursukjeot; the nutter has passed, and I as a good citizen agrco with the In« : but 1 do say that I cannot comprehend why, boonuso of certain abuses in ono direction, tho Church of Enirl.iud fà^uld be exnecttd «mietly to wirrender her children to (he <ëilfhlrjff"oY secular iñsirüít'Cñ: 1 S»y it tus-u» my uneltrstandiiig how Christian: rnt/a wa unite lliom solves for a purpose so unrighteous )" this." Now, this is a total misrepresentation of our causa (hair, hear), and ns to this opinion ubout us, I cr.i only hop'11 thtt Dr Barker uttered it in tho heal of the moment, and tluf when , ho, read the words in the Herald on tho following mornm? ho regretted having used them. Ho admits that; wo are ClirKtihn insn, but chnrgt« us with uniting Joru purpoje " so(unrightcous." The manwhodoesununrighWoua thing isKO far nu unrighteous nins ; and I really must hopo thai j Bishop linrfct'r'did not moan «11 he ,fnîd when he do spoke of men wLo are his equals in gift*, his equnU iu education, his equals in.chnmcter, his equals in patriotism, and m love tor the Bible, (Loud npplnuso.) Butas I havo Mid he has totally misrepresentsd our position (hair, heir), »ad hi» .logic iä ns bud as his facts. Wo have not propoi-td to exclude Bible lessons; our proposal is to exciudo so called religious . teaching (cheers), which consists of matters no j foiled iu, hut expressly forbidden and denounced by, .the Biblo 1 »poko of Dr.. BitrkerV lotoc. Ile t-nid, "I cannot comprehend why, bocauso ot certain abuses ja onè'direction; tho Church of England ebould be expected fmictly to surrender hor ohlldron to iho toiching of secular instruction. Why, blo=sings on tho Church, 1 'did not, know 6he hnd nny ehildri.n-(laughter)-bat 1 havo slways known' that certain citizens holding thu faith 'of tho'Ghurbhiöf England are ble«»od with these plcdços of love', but'ns io the education ot these little pledges it ia 1 .'» depnia of my-politiTl creed that my nolghbours shonli] not put their bnnds into tho Stato piirso on the ground that they nre Churchmen, but on the ground tbst thoy fliro' simple 'elften» 'in common with their neighbours. (Loud cheers.) But tho wisdom of stopping sup-, ,piles .to nil comers because bohío abuse tho lijuuly, Jtbo~Bu>honi cannot eeo. Nor can I, if the ubuaa bin bo corrected ; but thalia not just the fact of the t.iso. "The'abufes'wo complain of aro not incident ii, they aro I chronic; tb'ey nro inovitablo, thoy aro understood and dis- tinctly recognibcd. .(Hear, hear.), That is tho io ison, which moves us. Tho Roman Catholics doniuhd to bo allowed to tench in their schools just flitch things as they, tench in their churches, nnd the) dotoich just auch things, and it is to put an end to tho absurdities of tho pre- sent i-tatejjf,things that this league is formed.' If tho Bishop cannot understand why we band togother to do that it ia ui-ele«« to reason with him. Uo says hU conscience is not hurt thnt the Chmch of Romo receives tho sumo kindi of nid that the Church of England does. Well if tho Bishop's consoiencs is not hurt at that, nothing will hurthia, conscience. If this rulo of giving «id to all comor.s is a safe rulo containing a sound principio, thon that principle should be universally applied. (Applause ) Now within tbut groat'tmpiro on whioh the sun never sets, as wo uro nil ?roúdito say, there is an insignificant country called India., n (hat country, a very paternal government established' primary schools for her MnjcBty'i Indian subjects. gomoi ettheeo subjects happened to be of ono faith, and some of, them of nnotber faith ; in short, many forms ot Chns.!aU| belief, und bb ninny forms of Pagan belief wero thoro, as tho henri could with. But there was no help for it, a generoa«, Stale helped them all alike, till men carno to thoir seats.* ¡ and eaid-some of the best men that ever livtd in India-| we would rather tee tho Biblo excluded from, our schools altogether than have it if nil the forms of Paganum are- to! bo taught by the Stato whioh helps us. (Bear,, hear.) That is our position, uud ? if it mu&t; come,1 to t-ueh an issuo that w e cannot have any Biblo lossons j ai y religious, teaching, without having the most atrocious of abominations, taught too, then wo wJU give up tho Bible, j (Cheers.) There is another little matter of a personal i kind U> which I muBt allude. Dr. Burker said:-" Wo have now had the' Public Schools Aot'in operation for six yt«r><. It has recently been expounded and enlarged upon by the Colonial Socretary, who had give» it itftfori», and must therefore be considered to regard it with favour j and that bon. gentleman has so_ox»punded the law, and bo well answered thoeo who havo proposed to reform the system of primary education, that it is haidly necessary ior mo to attempt an answer on the present occasion. N evertheless, oven at the risk of being charged with »lay- ing the «lain, I will meet tho statements that have bean made, and refuto' them by facts which I hsve RHihorod from tho volume* of Dr. Bigge, a Woslcyan clergyman of great rtoaio.!' Did Dr. Barker fondly hiipo ¿hat beeiuso Mr. P.frkes lind spoken no dbj; "would dare to b.rk (choors)-arid, that none'of us wohld ' ufterwards'dure t» speak again r1 Or did 'be really think that his own address would setjlOj.tho question 1* ,An address whick for tho greatness of the occasion and the aubjoot, waa th» poorest in Its faote, tho most broken in its argu- ments, tho most contradictory and inoonolustve over beard in this colony. (Continued applauso.) Shall I tell you whoa tho mombors of this league, will haul down thoir colours P Thoy will do it whon thoy have mode theniBolves heard in ovory town, in ovory hamlot, in overy homo, in every hall in thia oountry-(loud ohoors) ; whoa (thoy hnvo placed this siibjoot before ovory oonstituonoy in tho land-(applause) ; whon they have iiob\tod it on tho hustings at tho next gonoml olootion-(continued ohoor ing) ; nnd when thoy havo fought it out. on the floor of tho IlouH) of Parliament. (Applause.) Thoy will haul dova their colours whon, as Napoleon «aid, tho Bmpiro is poaoe, because publio primary cduoation is «ocular, compulsory, arid free. (Prolong«» applause.) Tho Sydney Horning Herald hn» sufficiently exposod tho fullscy of the Bishop's reasoning about-"oampotiog sûho'olfl." (Hear, hoar.) A gentleman whoso name I revoro has said, on tho same sub- ject, that ho supports the prosont system bocauso ho likes "vnrioty." Dr. Barker liftes thom bocaune thoy'supply competition, nhd says, " Suppose thero wcro . but ono butober or bakor .in a town." ' But thoio competing butchers nnd bakor.s, and candlostiok 1 makers, all deal in preoisoly similar waros-thtt is why Iws I liko thoir competition-(hotr,,,hoar)-and tho principle tliey go upon ia just tho samo na (hat which wo aro trying to introduce into our schools. Lbt them uti doal in the same wares, and then lot thom oompote as fast as they picone. Surely that would not ho competition if otto butohor gave us good meat and anothor Bold to us stuff, that would poison. Ono thing moro that is pomonal. Dr. Barker said,-" I do not in any way intend to nccuso ray frionds on tho other sido of tho question of endeavouring to provont thoir fellow-colonists from receiving thoir fair shard of pecuniary nssistaneo for tho carrying on of secular inïttnc tion." , I was fondly hoping .that wo had heard tho last of this sort of thing, except from-if it woro not for the ladies I eeo present,' I was about to s»y-old women. (Load Jauglltor.) I thought wo had hoard for tho,last time (hit if a man puts money into tho State purso as a citaron, that ho had a right to Uko it out again booauso he is a Christian. We nosnowlodgo tho rights of men as citi/.ons, and we repu- diate tho statement (hat, as te tho State purso, ho h&B; any other rigbtfl ut all. Lot us bo consistent. If tho State muBt find minister» for Roman Catholics,.for Woslsyana,for Episcopalians, and tho like, if it must find separate Bohools also for all theso, It 'must find sepárate inürmaru» and hospitals too. (Cheers and laughter.) In nil other pos- sible things tboy should bo Bcparatoly accommodated ;, thoy ought to havo separóte Parliaments, separate ruilways, separate priions, and separate ovorything. (Load laughter.) Whon onoo tho State begins to hood the lines of distinction which mon of thoir own accord draw between thonisolvcsj it has entered upon a downward course, whiihhasits ond in'tho dissolution of tho nation. CAn plause.) Thin is exactly the biltlo ground between the State as a whole, and tho individual members or Bootions of tho State, and a truo policy is for tho Sttte to draw it« own lineB of distinotioni to make its own classification, and tht'fe most always include all the individuals of the stmo kind nationally considered, or tho principle of equity ii violated, and tho State bogins to nod to ita fall. (Cheers.) My time will not nltow mo to answer fully the only real piooe of reasoning that thero is in Dr. Barker's speech, I mean that in which he attempts to show that tho course wo propose will turn out to produco results the very opposite of those which wo intend. Ho arguos that it will forward the interests of tho Boman Catholics amazingly. Well, if it will forward their interests, it will at tho earno time for« ard his, and why oppose ua? Why not join us, to maka our c»reor a short and morry one? (Cheers and laughter.) I But I must now moko haste briefly to handle that part of tho subject allotted to mo. It is tho proposal to introduoo " « compulsory clnuso." (Applause.) In the first píaos, hit mo say one word on tho principle. Is It not Buffloiontly obvious that compulsion runs through every law in tho univorso? (Hear, hear.) Compulsion is the principle which law embodies and expresses. There can bo no suoh thing sa law without it. Tho humin will is ono of thu chief subjoots- operated upon by law, and law íb only the method and moasuro bv whloh that will is controllod. I suppose 'it must have boen because gontleanon who h&vo; spokon to thisWt of the subject felt' all this that they havo said nothing against the principle. (Hear, hear.} Then thorn is tho question Of expediency in applying this principio to educa- tion. Why not apply it hore ? Wo apply it to a groat many things of very much less important». We compol a man to register the birth of his ohild-(hoar, hoar)-and wo never ask, will it bo convenient ; but we say, you must do it bowover great tho Joss of your timo, tho length of yourjournoy, or the urgency of your business. Is it not of mort) importance that he should educate his ohild? (Loud cheers.) I will toll you why it is of mbte im- portance he should do this than that ho should food his child. A good deal of nonsen»o is talked at times about the State stepping in to feed tho neglected child, and to clothe him, and to educate him. Theie things do not stand on the sonie^latfortn. It must be borne in mind that whero -orso person neglects to support his children a very largo number neglect to educate thom. Again, wo may ask what is tho worso thin« that can happonjf parents neglect to1 mnintain iheir children ': The worst thing is Hint tho children wjll dio, which is a small matter jndeed to the'Slate, because, nt must, the-number is a small one. But what i i tho woAt thing that can happen if a ohild is not educated ni all ? Be grows up to bo a most inefficient member of society ; ho grows up to be a brute ia nature and life, and a curse to tho ¡state. (Cheers.) Wo say the State 'cannot ulibrd thiB. (Applauso ) Bul we m ty bo asked, is i hero any, need for this compulsion ? The answor is that " somo twenty . thousand children do not attend any school. Of those enrolled it is a safo inforenco that not more than two-third» attend, and that tho average number of attendances is not more than 25 per oent. of tho possiblo numb.r. .One .word a,bout tho method of applying,the principle. Onr proposal is io maka education compulsory whera it ia necessary and whoro it is practicable-and I am going ¿o lot you into a littlo secrot-wo are not going to io anything impoesiblo. (Cheers and laughter.) we Eolieva that nil can be dono that is necessary by enrolling the cducablo children of the country, and periodically oom .paring tho nutienul and the school rolls. Tho radius to bo fixed will bo an easy one, and those who talk about th» great distnneos in the bush need not bo alarmed. But I xuimt now loak at one or two objections. Tho first Objec- tion I notice is that given by Mr. Parkes. Ho Burned an Amerioan State in which ''suoh a law exists, but is a dead letter. Did ever a statesman íuakosueh anobjeotion bofore? Thero aro people in tho world who think of broken laws as thoy do of broken pitchers. Mr. Parkes's objection ia entirely in that direc- tion. (Hear, hear ) Tho next objection I refer to is raised 'by the Bishop. He said, " People should bo favourable to the law, or you cannot enforce it." Is it possiblo that wo ought nover to pBss a law unless those who aro to be ruled, hy it nro pleosaî with it ? If'so, will it not follow that we munt make laws that people like and desire? (Cheon.) Hint wou'dbo a dangerous game. Dr. Birker also said fomcthing about a flve-mllo radius in the bush, and tho ignorance of thoso who proposed it. I do not know who íb meant, and must Ioavo thom to answor for themselves; but, for mysolf, I may say that, having spent ten years as a Wesloyau ratnUter in the interior districts of this country, I know as much about the country ab Dr. Barker liitnsolf, and I think' I know something about tho distances to which people oan travel to worship, und children to school. (Cheers.) - Tho hist objection I notice is in tko Sydney Morning Herald. '1 ho w nter of nn srtic.'o which appoara ii tow days ago said he disapproved of compulsión because it matte« " a new criino ;" and so, when tho Parliament passed a law waking ii neoossary lor mo to rotura to tho Begiatrsr a lottificate of every marriage I celebruto, that was orotting "ii new criuio." (Applause.) This writer was surely thinking of the Kiama ghost. And now I will disposo of Dr. Barker'« quotations from Dr. Bigge, the oole l,i tiled Wesley.ra clergyman. I cannot discover for whnt purpose .these quotations were mado, but Ii will at- suiii.- that it wa« somo purposo in cpnneotion with this movement. But it was not dono to show tho sentiment of Englioh Methodists ; beosuso Dr. Biggo is not tho repre- sentative of Knglish Methodibtó on this bubjeot. Tho UrgtBt couiniittcot-ver appointed to conaidor anyquoatioa in the Methodist Church hut. been appointed to considor this question. A comnutteo of nearly 200 ministers and lav men asf embled a year and a half ago, and that com ruitteo passed this " resolution,-" That this committee, while revolving to maintain our conncxional day 1 schodls und training collegee, is of opinion that duo regard being had to exiating interests, all future lcgislatiou for primary educatiou at tho public coil, should provide for suoh education only on tho principio of unsectariun wihools, under Sehdol Boards.^ (Cheers.) If Dr. Ripgo was quotod te show that he is against comnulsory education, I must iuform you that In 1«o corniuittco refarrrd tu. Dr. Bigge moved the following resolution:-"That in order to render the provisions for oompulhion contained in the Act roally clfoctiva it is nocos sary flint the principles of the factory, Fuctory Extensions, and Workshops' llogulalions' Aots, bo applied to all clares of children omployod in labour; and further, .that no ; Child or young person shall bo allowed to work either hulf-fimo or full-timo without having in eather caso passod an appropriate oxim ination in a manner satisfactory to one of her Msjesty s Inspectors of'Schools." (Applauso.) That coniuutieo adopted this resolut isnaUo, at the instuueo of Dr. Bigge: " That in School Board schools no person Whatever croopt lbo school teaiher »hall give instruction, in roligion. (Applause.) Thean ned kindred resolutions, all of au autt dcuoroinational character, were passe!, because the meoting waB pervhded by a sentiment admirably expressed by a Jay gentleman, a member of Parliament, in thoso words-" t ani not here to say a word against the Denoniinationaleystom as such, but I deny that it has ovor been a national system, or ever can be. (Applause ) The Denominational »V*te;u waa brought info play in tho year 1839, and it had tho field lo itself until tho y.ar 1870; and giving it all tho respect it claims, doing it nil the justico it deserves, it has /»iloa to provide a national system of education for tho country. (Iltur, hour.) The number of children not at school, th» low standard of education reached by the vast majority ol Denominational schools (contrasting as it does most pain- fully with tho standards whioh. are reached in most countries where a National system of éducation provail«), and the genera) want ot education which charactenM» so large a proportion of our working classes, provo to a democ . «trallon.- at the Deaomin ational system, as suoh, has not . educated the peoplo of thiB country." I think I h»f» ' Büflii'lcntly, at all ovents, mado out my point, and if I have . not, 1 belong to the real stock of Englishmen, whenever ' know vshen.they are benton. (Loud applauso) I will now _n'*o way for Mr. Martin to address yon. (Cheew.) The llcv. Mr.MAitTiN (who was loudly cheered oarisjn? I io addicts the.meetiug) said ; 1 will-promis* : not to val«* upon you a long speech, seeing that it is np» eo.lats; b»* at the ssuv. time I must confeso that I ahenld like to Hß* . ..H«-'- ' ,'.'. f-.^ .'i.-'ir. f.M.Ui.V Pression lo this" meoliríg df BDmifif (bp sonejlitenö wtytSh ( í hold upon the important question which wo have met to discuss (Henr, hear) I rdmrd this meeting: at being A h ¿Hy imporlnntbnp'-ilioar, Mir)-hnd the subjoct which' ,. nftw under -diacusrion 1» onoof thd inosf imporwtit tait f.s fecon btóujrhl iMçr piiblio drtousstou fur a 'lottg titoe nut" in" Un«i couniry (Hear, h«»r) Now, p.srtng' Ey'Ita jwûwHnarlei, I would jdrt .hito Mt *> moi/iént to1 go to tho point which I hivo to «renk about-íhatIs tho' question of it freo edueatijin-j ii Beers)-bud ii hen wo speak of.á " freo education,'' w6 rnenn nn education that ia free to every child In thd lund, (Ohcefs ) When wo aro Bpoal ing of free oducatióQ, wo mean lo apply a levelling pncíess -to apply sutil a process upwards, lind not downwunlB (Holir, hbar ) It may bo Mia Ibnt a freo education-that is, an oduáation not abso- lutely iT0» tflvt wcr0 ,m ii»possibility1-i« free! beeitUHO it ia nrovlflcd or will bo provided, not from hohool fees, but at tho explyipo of the Stuto (Hoar, hear ) It may lu argitod iCMESt thiB that there are certmn portions or ol-issç» in this community Ho whom »-uph mi Act Would invbK'iJ tin mjuWioo. (He»r,hc«r ) li might also bo sa d ngniimtlhiH that it would involve nn injucticoto all b&olielors; and spinsters who ire confirmed in their attachment to tho blcs'-edm.es of tho «ingle obtatf, and indeed to all those porsohs who hw) iib ' children, rir whoso childrtn have puBtod thango whiitt they needed pumnrj inslruotion (Cheers ) Suoh ii question mint bo looked at from h ftatesmanliko point of view (Henr, bear) It must bo look, lint not as It affects tue preeent gone- ration only We do not Uko snob narrow and limited views of so great a question (Hoar, Hoar ) Wo numttakothi mutter gonencally, as'it rCgHrdB the futuro interests of Iho -country in which wo livo, and as it nile ti the national do\ elopine nt of the people of this land (Chcors ) Now, 1 bolie\o wo all love the oematTy in whibh for ii time our lot is; enst (Iii nr, horn ) I luivo no doubt that wo ero proud and justly proud o£ the position which this colony *nd Iho colonies of lind gn.n» Muni continent hnvo taken in regard to tho intellectual idvanceraent of tho ago (Cheeta) Tam Miro that none of un would liko to noa them ret ream do (Cries of "No, no") I um sure thvt Ve would like to ion this (olony pi iced sido by side with thofe nations Ih it lind lind the foundation of the world's clyilicnlion (Cheers ) Ono of tho ohiof factors in pro- ducing a result so glorious ns this-as it might bo, and wo hoped It might bo in the history of thin colon}, roust bo tho awikonmg and (ho dovolopmont of loo nntnral intellect (Choire,) Now how is such a result io le accompli lied ." lhestntus of a country docs not dej i nd u] on its géographie il are i, or upon its matorml rennmes (men, mdocd, tho initenal rosoiírce1!, and tho vitet territory of this country-these might J prove a blessing to nuy Jnnd, but thor« Bro înçtinoos enough to «bow Ihn t nations with grand Jiinterlal résonnas have after ill developed into a stato of barbarism, owing to tho sloth, lt,noriinco, and apathy of ihoir peoples (Choors ) Tha pofition/ind tho MMus of a nation must dopend upon certain quah'its inherent in the pcoplo thoiniolvee-mid thofo. qualities Hint wero inherent in tho Angla-Saxon rnoo wo desire to develop-to develipthuso qiiilities in their esrlfef t form, so that tho national intellect shnll bo arous»d and stimulaUd, and then wo may look for porno of thone glorious fruits which shall pines un as a people eldo by side with the greatest nations of tho earth (Oboern ) It js «ometiuics i loaded as nn objection to this froo educitiou that wo spend ¿18 000 per yeir m i-chool feos To look upon tho matter in such a lifht is in peifoot harmony with tho mercantile spirit of the ngo Nesorthelois willi all deference to mtromtilo gcntlomen, I must sty that tho mercantile ot-peot is not always the winost or brightest way of looking nt nuch ii question. (Oboers ) Thoio aro things moro viluable than money (Choers) Thoro aro things whore fiilstnntivo vnluo oannot bo counted out in drachms, (Hoar hear ) What, after all, is £18,000 J Is it equiva- lent to what we propo«o to give ? (Hear, hear ) The équivalent is to great, proportionately, ns uttorly to dwarf the Bum I hnvo mentioned (Cheers ) It if» tho awokening the nntioanl intellect and education-(loud oheors)-and the education of cory native bom child in this beautiful land of ours (Oboers) Iho British wars with barbaroUB African chiefs, with Theodore of Magd ila, and Koll'ee of Coomnesio-they cost not thousands, but millions-(cheers) -and the British people took very kindly to tho taxation imposed to pay the cost so .incurred but what I ask aro petty victories o\ er heathen chiofa when compared with the development of thoso glorious powors which slumbor in the youthful intellect of tho nation (Cheers) I promise not to inflict a long speeoh upon you, but I want-(Crios of go on, and cheers, and a voice "Gno it to Barker ') I henid ono gentleman say give it to-, I suppose ho means the Lord Bishop of Sydney, and I havo hoard another perfon say, " Ho has had enough " Inoro ia ono point which I would like to notice, to which none of the previous speakers havo I believe, referred (Hoar, heaT) The Buhon of Sydney in that marvellous address-it was a wonder and n mapterpieco of logic - (laughter) - Dr Barker actually brought forward Franco- nirnd that, gentlemen-Franco above all the nations of the earth-(cheors) - brought Franco forward as au example of tho results of Denomination ii education (Laughter and chcrs.) I thmk, gentlemen, he could not ha\ o committed a (greater blundor (rhetors ) I need scarcely remind you that tho results so fatal, so disastrous, so humiliating to Franco in her late contest wlfji Germany-to what, I ask, do her own statesmen ascribe themJ-to education, in tho kundi of tho priests (Itenowcd cheon ) Tranco was sold, wits befrnved'bv ignorance, by the ignorance of hor soldiers and her people, and ot her officer»!, and w hy P Bec »uno the education of that land hrd behn placed in tho hands of her priests (Loud cheers ) Tho successes ot the Gennhri anns, on tho'otlici hand, were really to bo found m her system of ei nipuieorv national education (Cheers ) It Is m her Publie cchooin, to which saverv child in-the land is compelled 'to go by the Government, officers tonthon, will find .¡the secret of Goruj mv's Lite successes (Cheors ) It is tho system of education prevailing,in tho Gorman empire that has plumed that cuipirojin the front of the world's history (Loud cheers.) If you will allow me I would just,Jiko to suy u word ni. two upon the subject» of eeculuredueation "(Hoar.hear; You have ill heard tho outory Uthout fho Biblo in our schools, land wo liaro been told, forsooth that If the Bible is a lesson book--mind you, it is never proposed lo exclude religion ^henr, hear)'- i wo are told that without the Biblo in the hands aC the «chool teacher wn shnll soon all bo landed on the dark island-' of desolation and »ceptiolsmi (Cheors ) L want to call your attention to this fact Tho gentlemen who hayo u.-iatlihat at;gnm/>nt aro to a jrrtut extent clerevmt.n (Liughtoc ) ^1 want you to notice thit thov are to a ¿¿at extent men ^ho nro otlicinlly connected with somo of the denominntions of this Innd ' I suppose that ihi.y fail to see this is a libel upon themselves-(cheers)^-thal it \i a lib^l upon their spiritual fidelit j to some of thoso who are»plaoed under their charge (Chcori ) I atti a'Chrietfan üiiniäter, and I glory in being such, buf I have no fear of the result of whioh I have boeri ep"akfug (Gheew ) What is the thing lying underneath itv Do you think it is the Biblo i I don t 'Laughter and ( beers ) Shall I tell you whnt it is ?» (Ones of " Yoe-!") It ib the catj' chisms (Cheers nnd laughter ) It is notlHo' Bible-¡ oh' the )Billo ha« nothing to fear (Hour, hear) But ontechismal theology and doctrinos "of ''deo* tnrlaniem havd a gi eat deal to fonr Í (Cheers) All that I ask for tho Biblo, and I nm not iishumed to á*K it m a fair field and no favour (Oheors ) I just want.to conclude my brief speech by quoting the testimony of « grèM authoritv upon tho subjoct, the authotity of on« wild has hnd a wide cxperiemoof education The writer tb whom I refer him a highly cultivated mindernd is 1 think îninoBt respectant least entitled to stand as u authority by the sido of HciU.it Spencer whom Mr Parkes bus quoted recently-I moan Professor Gold« in ^unth Being qalled upon to addruis n. lii^e an'crably in tho Free lrade Hall, Manchester, uppn this vprv subject, Goldwin bmith snid -"Sectarian education is condemned by its fruits What are its trnita in hngluid Maeses of, dangerous lgnomneo It is eondomncd on anothor ground, whiloyou ha\o an Established Church, seclnnnn oduoation, nidod by the nation, mu«t tliro v immcnso and unfair power into the hands of thechrgyof ttte Church and oböorvo, I imDoach no man s i onvicti ins Let a man bo a Catholic, let a mun bo a Ritualist, if ho piesses I havo not a word to sty but obsonu tho position, und what tho tendencies now aio of tho Church into whn.li rooont logitlatipn his thtowu t>ucU îmnicEBO additional power It is a Church nouunill) under tho control of tho luv., but, really, it bah shown y du in its B(rufr(,les with the Ecclesiastical Courts that the law is n dead lottor, and that a Church nominal 1} Prorostaur, contrary to the wishes of the nation, m delianoo of,the spirit of the law, is now changing the national religion from Protestant to Roman Catholic A Protestant nation çnt the enormoiiB powoi of national educa- tion mto tho hnndB of a Churdi which undbubt-' edly, whether it bo, Teligiousl} speaking, right or wrong, is leading Ihe proído with all itB influante from Protestantism to Rome He goes on to «pnk indofonco of "ictular cduçjitioh," uting the Uiiited Sutes aud Canada as ovidenecs of its good frm.s " I was," ha said, "connected ns Profofli r with Oxford, a University deoinnd cunnenUy religious tliero we had tests upon toats, 60111 pulsbry chipejls, loetures, and a wholo npparitus of theology. At Cornell wo have o similar system, and are pointed at by the enemies of the system as n Bocular Umversitj Netertholofls, though I love 0\?oiu«s w»ll »8 nnj of her Eons, let mo e ly I fully boliovo that Cornell is just a« religious ns Oxford ' (Applnuso ) 1 The Rev Dr M'Giiiiion wiis rccoived with choers He said ho was sure that they had hid enough spaaking for one night, and ho regn- ded it almost as nn infliction upon them to prolong thiB meeting by any extended remtrks It might bo bettci to keep his powder dry until some other time Thoy hod even thing dono tin t wir ncrassary that1 night (Cheors, and men of " Go on ' ) B»sides, ho had had tfieiythin¿ taken from hirq b\ what hnd boen said before, and ho was perfectly sure of this, that no intelli- gent win could hato listened td tho addresses which had beenmndo en tho eubj«ct, and cspecinllv m reply, but must lcfram from admittinc tint the cn«e on Ír21j L,ldo n-ld tecn Pro^T (Cheers) And he thought thaf thcro was eomo pblièy wheh thoy hid mido n guod stroke in shutting up (Laughter ) He was satis- fied of this, that the speakers h id taken the nrgutnents of «wo cn the othpr side nud literally torn them to pieces (Cheers) How over, there might yet be a few thtngs to ""7 At any roto he might say that he carno there that night to show his sympathy with tho mo\euient-to tell thein and the country th it,ho had been ßtrcngthoned in his sympathy with the movement by the speeches which had betri made on tho other side (Cheers ) Ho wqnt to tho "»^ung the othor night dotennmed to hoar what could bo saia against thom and in dofenoe of Denominationaliam, v Ti? VttB real,s curi0UB to kuow what oould bo said tor the last twenty years ho had been a DenommaUonaltut f-o far as that he had had a Denominational school So that 11Í?8 rcaUy cunous to know whether ho had beon wrong all that time, and whether ho hadbecn ledlhrdUgh somo JWiuencoof Mr. Greenwood to ohango his views He had, however, Imtened jp, the spooohes J 1 \ 1 l*M \íwi¡n , night in posißvo Rwurommt II«, 'w t mt filié." > th , the other side would corto ftiVward vii i mu', t I itfjs if nrgnment/ Could they imagino that * i nukunu Mon 1 I havecon\<uocdaScotçhuiBn/(Ln,UKht » toiivkn v | u uti Scotchmen wero said lo b« intrd h ii I i rti t i I j ¡fond sf logie Literally ho felt huff* ilf worK>u uj .." i k-olidioon of iinhappineBs at Boeing logto cut right and lolt.es it was at thut mooting, («. hour« ) , Ho tuorofora ¡felt now that Iho calino was fairly «.ommitto.1 All thai could bo said had been said on (lia other s do lu speaking of J V. B irker bo wished alwaj a to apeak with llio groati_t Jcspcct, for bo bolioved that at bottom that gentlomuu w «a ¡faV better than ho sometimes seuntd to be (chfora), and lbat if the Bishop wore not in the position he was ii«, would seo )ho question very much us he b iw it (Cheers ) Ho Ihoroforu felt that now tho bill hld boen sut rolling;, ^t must bo kopt rollinir, until the whole country hid told thom whether it wouUHiave Denominational edutitnon, or a truly .national sjsti ra <b*t would raioli et dry child iu tho Q'lid. (Cuooib) lurningo\er tho subject m his uiinj, he th tit atfeed himself wbiit was tUo utuso and uso of this agita« ¡tntlon. *l hey"» know that Dr Bai kor h id said that tt was for tho pul pono of doing mischief te the Bom iu Citthoho 'schools lip pujposed that therowts bjhio suspicion of thiit, bce«uboh¿'wii» connected with it (Laughter) But it lwicl1 never on ter« à his mind to join the movoinent, because | it was thor interest of tho Homiiu, Catholics ¡to mnmtam tho prc"ent system On tho coutrary, tho solo1 reason wlth'nini had been thit tho country had 'not been overtaken by any system of education hitherto obtaining. On considering tho question why this sUte of things ux¡filed, he carno to this conclusion thit howovor liiiur- lie-might hko certain things persona Hy, there whs no other waj of ovcrttikfrjg the educational wants of the com munt!) than by confining themselves to tho a bra ichus of education on which th«v wore really agreed, and leaving tho other branches td be taught by those who liked thom (Cheers) It.might pie« so him that the fliula and iho shorter CntechiEtn shouldJorm the text books, of tho schools, 'Btit (bat was not tho quostion Iho question was Iwhether they!jcould in that wuy ovortiïkti tho -whole Icountry. Hu had tried it, and failed Tho Church of lEngland had tried it,and faJcd (cheer«) , nul tho Komm Catholics lind tried it, and they too lud cgrog ously failod ((Cheers ) Now the question was whorotoro this m >vo iment i It was that thay might Bproad tho aivan lagos of.tducatton te all tho country fhoro wore threo IreaBons why thejy Were about io <ngi¿o in this wor* iFirsf, fcecauso tho pre/onf eysíom i a« otDonsivoJ They would remember that the gant argument used by Mr. '.Parkes and his friends when the pre ent Aot wss intro- duced wiiB, that the two systems of JNntionil jand Denominational schools wan morn oxpensive than tbo prosunt sy stem. Lut thin st stem was only a ooin promiRC, and tho argument still hud good If thay h id itho cresent mixed svBti in done away with and n »implo .secular system established, thcro would bo a vast sum of money wived to bo made applicable for tho education of ¡thoso not now tnioy ing it, iheutho presont system was .also liable to abuse That abuso w-ts mhoront and not accidental to the system Some abuses hud. coin o out, and he had no doubt that there wero a groat many jabufCB in it that had never cimo out From iwhai, thtrv had feen thoy could not but think that ¡their .friends on tho other nido had made uso of the present .system for the ndvancemi'nt of their idea«, thoir schools, 'and tliei' religion (cheers), and they desired to mike utó ot ¡it' a littlo ' longer. (Cheers/) ' Then there was another (argument, for a chango, and that was that the'present, ¡system had not overtaken tho wants oven of tho school- children in Sydney, to say nothing of (hoso in tho country,';, ¡arid ho challenged the Bishop of Sydney to show 'that this had boen the case. (Chpprs.) Thor«, ¡were hupdredB of children in Sydney that wera not in any^ tchool. And ho know if ho went'into tho interior the Unnin-Btatoof thihgk would bo found, ns ho had- received, linforniatiori to this effect from oloriryinen residuiç there. ¡And yot this was all under tho mixed system. Now, tho 'Biiliup of Sydney hnd boon eo dwelt upon, and so disposed ' ¡of, that ho lelt very much indisposed 'to alindo .to him at' ali, But some how tho Bishop had got bo mixed up with tho question that he could not touch it without touch- ing1 lum. ' 'Ho regretted this, because it gives the ' subjeot a ¡personal aspect. But usihis friend (Mr. Woolnough) had. ¡said, if cersonnlitios were to bo laid uside,;tfion they were.to, Ibo luid asiilb on' both ridfes, Ho ngrced to that. Ho had been netused of having au oillnity with, iofuof- intfliko ¡Communism, and to oertain peculiarities' ofjthe, French ¡nation, He questioned such ah allusion,, «nd/s*id,that| ¡there w tu» perhaps n stronger affinity with Communism on 'the other sido. (Cheers.) i Tho Bishop did not.wiah tho* ¡presentsystem changed, because his school^wero good und ¡eñieiont. Ho, dated say two or threo of them'wero ,sp ; but .ho was persuaded of this from tlièir'Uwn-argument«,'state-". ¡luenls, and statistica; and from- the atatistioa >of ..the in I specters, that tho groat bulk of "them wera not soioffi;iont. ¡us hndlieeri alleged. ' On tho contmry, they knew that the Bishop'», schools in soino placés wero' asL inefficient another people's school«; and that, thoreforo, the i Bishop i was apt to be allow ed tho advuntgo of an pxocption, for his, sohbols. And'liven'if all'the Bishop'sschools wero eifi cien't'up to' ft' c'Ttaiti standard, waa that any reason why' tbey should not mm, at eo-dthing butter, so as to'Cover, tho. whole tiipimtry with, pchools. And this was tho .object, aimed at1 liy the p'reaent nifitat_n.''Thean .thoy jririrl'tlioir, frieind'Dr'. "Vftughtin, on Iho ' other 'side^also nnicióüs that the-..present jisyitoiit shimlai remain,,,and) f,or.-;yery; ¡hypointirol ^eatons, Thoy, ¡ill know the arguments which < [tile Brunnn Catholics got, up' 'against tho present' ¡systpiri. 'Theirstrong hrgnmont wiuf thon not against seeu luri»m, bnt.oh, it was said, those abbjiimiiliod, Bible leaton .'booka!, (daughter.) The Catholics, .opposed tho iprcsent'system on'the ground of thjp1'"rolltrious teaching in ¡theBchools ;'yetl* nd bolloUlynowSvhen wecomeaudask.. forseculfs ' j' >.. i, these .people say,,;'Wo will have.' ¡schools jo which .. religious education is given "-the ivory schools that" they opposed before. (Chorre.) - Now he«, would tell thorn'what was proposed. » Their league, which had been looking at tho staio of tho country, in its need for schools, in the proyed inoflicioncy of tho present system, maintained that thri present condition of things' was exceedingly unsatisfactory. He did not caro to i enter intoíC-cnlutions modo the -o_er._shW.who_. it.\"a.sUted. that, with a certain ratio,there should bo a certain number'" in'-'thö ' «¡bool "nnd ii 'cortAin out,' und afterwards, .proved ¡ that there J wore far * moro in tho, 6c-hqoJa..,thauv in.r the oountry! , (Laughter.) Tuen it , was ftated " ¡that, taking, a, , mid-e ratio, all tho "children, iii, 'fho country were in" tho' Bcho'ola ; aftorwurds' it was admitted ' that there - wero many in th« country not in tho echook. ? (Laughter.) It waa apparent/ however, 'that in Sydney «nd in tho country therc-wero.a great many, children unprovided for, mid m that state of things the question arose w hat was to bo the remedy. Tt was proposed that the Denominational olemont shoultvbe destroyed! (cheors),_ that, the Steto should not próvido money for the touching of anything Denomina- ' tiona!. (Hear, hear.) That wos the only logicil dqtormi nationof what.had been begun a few year-sago when it was aillruied that.thero should not be Stato support. Having ecttlcd th/.t''quostion the only logical' conclusion was to'' put ' an Jend lo sectarian teaching in the schools, und put «u end' lo sectarian collegs. (Cheers.). The Denominational ' element . was the -weakness in tho Public School Act and would continuo to ¡be' th« yeakness to tho end. The only reason their friends had been (iehfing for a friend at 'tho Hoard in tho Council of" Education was to «pntinuo this element of Denomina jtionulif-in.1 (Cheers.') A littüo w'hile ago there had Leen i. ¡largo aioount"of m'anipulation in Ministers' rooms a-, to ,\vho would hu the Attorney-Geuer.il, having un oye to who ¡would lo on the. Hoard, and had jt not been tor thisDanom linálitm that would nptinvc existed ; it would have bean it ¡fair qu_f,ù« as (o' who was- moat fitted. It was on, account ot this , element of Donominutionalism ¡that the Catholics hud sought for a long tillie to got nuit*,, 'and «¡stirs, and Marist broUiere, or whutt)vor they wera called, liupoitetf into'the country, and a largo amount of jinterert bad been brought to bear to'have these persons quartered upon'th'e puolic funds. Tho Council of Kduca ,tion, in ita Meiiknosaj had arranged that ladies of this chid-, sibteis oinunt, should not bo subjooted, us other fetuula ¡teachers'weio,,to ,fhe ordinary examination. It was, ?therefore, desired to abolish Donominalionalihut fiom the present system. Thu Bishop ot Sydney had, 'the other evening, cmscd sotuo merriment as to the ¡difficulty of defining the word "seculur," but tho doliai 'tion given in tho Act was that of tho Bishop and his ¡menus. M hen Mr: Parkes introduced the bill, it was, to ibc n secular bill, at any rate moro than the prcsout AU ; ¡hut corpvjn friends carno and addressed him, and a promiso ,was mctdo that the secular system as established should haVe ' it ccrYMn meaning. Mr. Stuart pointed out this comprohii'c the other ovening, without noticing that tho very word of which thoy were making amusement was their own. ' The definition given by Iho Bishop and h's friends wuk that 'secular education should include all »toral principle« und ordinary truths of the Christian religion, ixccpting only that which was eectarian. ¡And that was what 'vas now desired. He denied that kuoulnrinii wna anti-religious. It was ridiculous to s-iv1 that Íc, n Christi in nii_Bter, was opposed'to thu Bible. "They oro opponod lo tho admission of tho Bible as a t'< xt-book in .the echoOls : "but he denied that in oxclttdinR the Bible as such from tho schools ha excluded the Bible or Bible teaoh in^-. Iho books prescribed wero not only'Bible teaching but the Bible -for children : thoy were peculiarly advan- tageous ior school books. Ho affirmed that Church of ¡England luiniMerçilised less of tho Bibla in thoir ordinary sei vieta than was contained in üxceo booka. _, Ho uraod that compulsory tducation wr_ necessary in 'order that tho Guuinruent, should properly expend tho money. It would be folly for him to ¡jo on at this late hour. Ho, should have othor occiMons to uddresa thom. Ho did not look upon this matter ns tottlfd by any moans. Ho looked upon it asonlyji_t,bogun. (Cheers.) Ho know that they had tho support of the thinking portion of Iho community. (Cheer?.) Ho know that when Sydnoy gave the koy nota 'the song would be «ung from one ond of the land "to tho other-(cheers)-and that song would bo this-no denomi nationalism - (encore) - no priesthood - (cheers) - no priestly intorJorenoo with this or that-(prolonged cheers) no'funnycunning littlo oopy-heads in ourochools-(cheers) ¡-.nothing of these Indies saying-when they wero found noting- improperly in Public schools, ".I did not know-it ,was quita a mistake." (Oboers und laughter.) They would 'have nothing of that kind. The song that would be sung from ono end of tho country to the other would bo this : " Jîdu .ciition for tlie whole children of the land "-(cheers) ; and, in order that it may bo for the whole, it shall bo socalar in the true sense, it shall bo ,< ompuleory, and it shall bo freo. (Enthusiastic cheering.), ' Mr. Buzacott said that ho had been requested to state xhat it^as proposed, to form, a league, with t£o view of jiromoting the' establishment ¿of 6ec_sr, establishment .throughout the land, and that u sub-commiltoe had boen I requested to prepare a manifesto of ¡tho conditions of inem-" . bcrehip; and, as soon as this was ready, a public meeting vould to convened in , order, to properly inaugurato ilielmt,ue ' «Mr 'Kow km, proposed a voie of thanks to the eliminan. TlilsiiWitsioarried by acclamation, and the meefjiig, i winch throughout was nnaniraous anim^ntcuihu'siistio, 1 rCk. up, t-hurtly belora 11 o'clook,after giving three cheois foi thiQucin 