MY WIDOW. (From, an English Magazine.) Jones advised me not to marry her—he said she was too young and pretty. Farhum advised me to be an old bache lor—told me a man past forty simply made a foo^of himself by matrimony. Tewksber ry—a man who is notorious for never minding his own business—told me she had had a love affair with Hany Bir mingham before he went South. Allen shook his head, and said Clara Myers might be very pretty, but he liked somebody maturer and more settled. (N.B.—He married his housekeeper the next week and she is mature enough for Methuselah himself!) Everybody thought I was trying a dan gerous experiment; but I didn't pretend to suit everybody—so I simply suited my self. I went quietly to Church with Clara Myeijs, and married her one glorious January morning, when the old St. Paul's was fringed with glittering icicles, and the brisk wind was freighted with the particles of flying snow, like a battalion of diamonds on a double quick. She was nineteen and I about nine and thirty. She was as beautiful as a rose bud, with a shy, pretty way, like a timid child, and I am a rough old codger, sound enough at heart, but like a winter apple, unpromising on the exterior. In short, we are as unlike as May and November, and the good natured world shook its head, and said : " No good could come of such an unequal match." But she said she .loved me, and I believed her. Nobody "could look into Clara's blue eyes and not believe her, you see. And the next day I made a will and be queathed all my property, unconditionally, to my wife. " Are you sure you iare doing a wise thing, Mr. Folliott ?" said Mardyn, the lawyer, pushing his blue spectacles upon his forehead, until he looked like a bald old gnome, with a double pair of eyes. " You see she is very much younger tlian youroolf, and—° " Please to be so kind as to mind your own business," said I, brusquely. '' Don't be offended, Mardyn, but really people seem to suppose I am not able to attend to my own affairs." " Just as you please," said Mardyn, in a rage. " I am a mere tool in your hands." " That's it exactly." So I signed the will and went home to Clara. " ©h, Paul, you must not die J" said Clara, with, a scared look, when I told her what I had done. " Nobody ever loved me as truly and generously as you have done, and I don't know what I should do if you were taken away !" " There was young Birmingham, if all reports were true," I mischievously began, but the curl on Clara's lip stopped me. " A mere butterfly," she said haughtily, *' without brainB or principle. Paul, Paul, I have found a shelter in your true, lov ing heart, and I mean to nestle there al ways !" And then she cried—this foolish, soft hearted little wife of mine. Jones and Tewksberry might have called this policy. Farnum would have said it was acting. But it was very pleasant, and I felt more than ever like a man who has found some precious jewel, and wears it, like an amulet on his breast. So things went on until the firm of which I was managing partner needed to send some one to Calcutta to see after a tarbaned'scoundrel of an agent, who had absconded with more money thanVe could well afford to lose. Morrison was old and feeble, Hewitt's wife lay very ill, so I was the one to go. I kissed Clara good-bye as cheerfully as I could, fully expecting to be back in three months or so. I had to follow the agent up into the mountains of India. I fell ill of one of those burning climate fevers in the bun galow of an old native priest, and the months flew bjr^ until it was more than a year before I found myself on the deck of the " Blue-eyed Mary," steaming into New York harbbur. And all this time Clara had never heard a word from me. I had written to her to prepare herself for what seemed almost like my rising from the dead, but I had afterwards found my letters in the pocket of the neglectful native servant who had under taken to deliver the mails to the Calcutta office. " But it don't matter so much now," I thought, " she will be the more delighted, poor little girl J" And then a cold chill seemed to creep through my veins, like November's wind suddenly beating across a bed of flowers. Clara had heard nothing of me for nearly 15 months. What might not have happened 'in that time ? What Tewks bur$p*and Jones, and Allen, and all the other prophetic ravens of my acquaint ance had said, recurred to my mind like the burden of an uneasy dream, I had been counting the days, the very minutes, until we should touch port; but now that my feet rang once more upon the pave ments of my native city, I actually dared not go home. I turned into a down-town restaurant, where I had been wont to go in the days of my bachelorhood, and slunk into the dark corner—the twilight was just falling, and I was sheltered by the partition. Hush!' That was Tewksbury's voice, harsh and jarring, as of old. "Just what might have been expected, said Tewksbury, "pretty and young widows don't go begging in this market." "Folliott might have known it,"growled old Farnum. " Poor Folliott! there were some good points about him too. Sad thing that—very sad thing !" " We must all die," said Tewksbury, gravely. "Yes, but a fellow would naturally prefer dying in his bed to being carried off by an East Indian fever and buried in the jungles." " T shuddered. Had I then come home to my own funeral, as it were ? " And she's going to marry young Bir mingham after all," added Farnum. The paper dropped from my hand. " I could have told Folliott so when I found out what a confounded idiotic will he made," said Tewksbury. " So gold has fallen again; just my luck; I sold out to-night." I stayed to hear no more, but staggered out in the darkness with the idea whirling through my dizzy brain that my Clara was mine no longer ! It was unquestionable, what Tewks bury had said; " I might have anticipated some such end." She was too young, too lovely, for such a rough old fellow as I was. My widow—what a curious sensa tion the words gave me as I mentally pro nounced them. Under my windows, with the ruby-red light shining through wine-coloured da mask curtains, I stood, feeling as Rip Van Winkle must have felt in the play— like a dead man walking on the earth once more. Yoices and lights were within. I opened the door softly and crept into the hall. The drawing-room door was ajar. Clara herself stood before the fire in deep black robes, with a frill of black crape on her auburn gold tresses—the awful sign and symbol of her widowhood. Directly op posite stood Hemy Birmingham, looking diabolically young and handsome in the soft light. " Clara, Clara !" he cried, " you surely are not in earnest. You will reconsider V' "My answer is final," she responded. " The time might once have been when I fancied I had. a childish liking for you, -Harry Birmingham, but that time has long since passed away. 1 gave my heart to the noblest man that ever breathed— Paul Folliott—and in his grave it is for ever buried. I loved him once ; I shall love him on to eternity. I never was worthy of him, but—" And Clara's voice was choked by sobs. "My love, my darling—my own pre cious wife!" How I ever got into the room—how I managed to make Clara comprehend that I was my own "living self, and not a ghost that had arisen from the shadow of the sepulchre, I cannot tell to this day—nei ther can she—but I know that "young Bir mingham somehow disappeared, and I was standing with Clara clasped to my breast, the happiest man that ever breathed God's blessed air. For Jones, Tewksbury, Farnum, & Co., were all wrong, and to use the words of the orthodox fairy stories, slightly para phrased,.! and my widow " lived happy | ever afterwards." 