LITERARY EXTRACTS. Holland House Ghost Stories. We will avoid the possible charge of con- cocting a ghost story, by relating the event verbatim from Aubrey's Miscel- lanes": The beautiful Lady Diana Rich, daughter of the Earl of Holland, as she was walking in her father's garden at Kensington to take the fresh air before dinner, about 11 o'clock, being then very well, met with her own ap- parition, habit, and everything as in a looking-glass. About a month after she died of the small-pox. And 'tis said that her sister, the Lady Isabella (Thinme) saw the like of herself also before she died This account I had from a person of honour. A third sister, Mary, was married to the first Earl of Breadalbane, and it has been recorded that she also, not long after her marriage had some such warning of her approaching dissolu- tion. . The gilt room is said to be tenanted by the solitary ghost of its first lord (the Earl of Holland, who was beheaded), who, according to tradition, issues forth at midnight from behind j a secret door, and walks, slowly through the scenes of former triumphs with his head in his hands To add to this mystery there is a tale of three, spots of ? blood on the side of the recess whence he issued three 6pots,df?b)ood which can * -* 1 . 'the, 'J t £1 , Vi't .; yy a wife never be effaced.-' Holland House,' by the Princess Liechtenstein (Macmillan.) ' Slavery in A»BA'NT¿B.---Síáves are made in a variety of ways. Prisoners of war, 'if not executed, become slaves. Misconduct and debt are fruitful sources of slavery. But from these causes many are slaves only for a time. A man may "purge himself from his misconduct, or free himself from debt, and then he is no IJ longer a slave. But with the Ashantees there is a system of pawning of liberty. Forrmoney, or for an advance of merchandise, a man may pawn his wife and children, or himself. And these pawns are virtually slaves until they are re- deemed. But the greater number of slaves have been brought from the interior by the slave merchants, who are mostly Mohammedans. They are procured in the first instance in the usual way. Tribe wars with tribe, and the captives are sold to the merchants; of the merchants themselves makes war on their own account for the sole purpose of getting slaves. At Ashantee, where gold is plentiful, where the very sheets of Coomassie are said to be impregnated with the precious metal, a ready market is found for slaves. It has become the the fashion for the great men of the tribe to multiply slaves, so it is not uncommon for one man to own more than a thousand. But slavery with them is not so degrading as with more civilized people. Sometimes it is merely nominal; and for the most part the slaves are simply regarded as dependants, who on state occasions constitute their master's re- tinue, and follow him to war. In no case does slavery bear the opprobrium in Africa-that is, amongst the Africans that it does in other parts of the world. The distinction between master and slave is not so broad. Of course there are African masters who are cruel ; but the instances are rare, and, where they exist, cruelty is restrained by the same superstitious dread of witchcraft which keeps the king in check Cornhill Magazine.' Ghostly Ringing of Submebged Church Bells Lost and submerged bells are popularly believed to still give forth their wailings and plaintive sound to the wayfarers, and many curious legends connected therewith are related. We are told, for instance, that many years ago the twelve parish churches of Jersey each possessed beautiful and valuable peal of bells, but during the Civil War the States determined on sell- ing those bells to defray the heavy expenses of their army. The bells were accordingly collected and sent to France for that purpose, but on the passage the ship foundered and everything was lost, to show the wrath of heaven at the sacrilege; since then, before a storm, those bells rang up from the deep, and to this day the fishermen of St. Omer's Bay always go to the edge of the water before embarking, to listen if they can hear the bells upon the wind, and if those warning notes are heard, nothing will induce them to leave the shore ; if all is quiet they fearlessly set sail. The story is embodied in poetry thus : 'Tis an omen of death to the mariner, Who wearily fights the sea, For the foaming surge is his winding sheet, And his funeral knell are we; His funeral knell our passing bell. And his winding sheet the sea. With regard to Romford, it is stated that the old church of St. Andrew was pulled down about four hundred years back, but its site in the meadows is still known as the Old Church, and the legend says that the bells may be heard every year on St. Andrew's Day ringing right merrily in honour of the patron saint.-' Churchman's Magazine.' Unique Criticism. When Coventry Patmore's 'Angel in the House first appeared, the ' Athenaeum ' critic, Henry Fothergill Chorley, wrote of it as follows: The gentle reader we apprise, That this new Angel in the House Contains a tale not very wise, About a person and a spouse. The author, gentle as a lamb, Has managed his rhymes to fit, And haply fancies he has writ Another " In Memoriam." How his intended gathered flowers, And took her tea and after sung, is told in style somewhat like ours, For delectation of the young. But, reader, lest you say we quiz The poet's record of his she, Some little pictures you shall see, Not in our language, but in his * While thus I grieved and kissed her glove, My man brought in her note to say Papa had bid her send his love, And hoped I'd dine with them next day ; They had learned and practised Purcell's glee, To sought by to-morrow night. The postscript was-her sisters and she Inclosed some violets blue and white. ' Restless and sick of long exile, From those sweet friends I rode, to see The church repairs and after a while Waylaying the Dean, was asked to tea. They introduced the Cousin Fred I'd heard of, Honour's favourite ; grave, Dark, handsome, bluff, but gently bred, And with an air of the salt wave.' 'Fear not this saline Cousin Fred; He give no tragic mischief birth ; There are no tears for you to shed, Unless they may be years of mirth. From ball to bed, from field to farm. The, tale flows nicely purling on With much conceal their is no harm, in the love legend here begun. The rest will come another day, H public sympathy allows; And this is all we have to say About " The Angel in the House."' Ages of' Frenchmen In and Out of Power.-" La Liberte," a Paris paper, publishes the ages of the august personages just now interested in the prolonga- tion of the President's powers for seven years. M. Thiers, at the end of this period, will be 83 and it is clearly not to his interest, therefore, that MacMahon should hold office so long. The ages of the other personages after the lapse of seven years will be as. follows-The Prince Imperial, 15; Comte de Chambord, 60 ; Comte de Paris, 42 ; Duc de Chartres, 40; Duc de Nemours, 66; Prince de Joinville, 62; Duc (Trundle, 58 ; Prince Jerome Napoleon,, 56; Gambetta, 42 and MacMahon, 72. . : 