THE PARLIAMENT. L1QISLAT1V1 COUIICIX ^insamaT- Onrnaw* Mi. Xhe Pumnnwr teak the Chair at t o'ctoek. PITTTKm Us Hen. W. DUfnEUDpraBBtsi a fetation hrmihs Mrrnr ss fhsirmsn sf s ntiif i—iims ?SM at uawier, frsriRf tnat tts Hosss wouM delay ssssmjt a Bill for a Mnrrar Kailwar, so that the enlemd rnniwejeiiiiis might have an ?IgjrtaBttv -* —pwssing an opinion mpon the 'jCEsn.P. BABTO presented assails* petition The HesuEV TAELJOH j ? Ii il a petition from tve enVsnef the Chsai Lesfcief South Aos tianan TmiIms, prayi— that the Council woatd pints** the isssothuU, BMSsfsilisii. oreakof ^^^^^ APPB0PEUTI05 BILL. Bead a Bird time and passed. CRT Or AOILAJDK IMPW)VfJIINT BILL The Hon. B. A. TASLTON, in saovint the sreoosl readme; hsviuf explained the object of the Bui. statedtSs Mayor assured him thaw was no thoufbt in the nun* ef the Corporanoo of sUowmg the railway to be btonskt thm«h the senate, and if that i-wmim was not sonV Sent then was daws Ha 8 in the Bill, which provided that the railway should not he ejlandcd without the eonssnt of the dtiasns, which he personally shouU be tsjoicrd to ess gnem, ss he believed it weald pNSaote their own eoBvcnisnce and benefit the eommsnity. In the lOthehsBsprovisisn was mads that the Govsm msBSBsigNpssthsssniis-halfof the block fsdaimed en psimsnt of one meietj of the cost of tbe land aneistprovemeuta. Thatheconsidsredwssavsry liberal eoncsssioo. He noderstood there were several jentfemsn in lbs Council whoss opinions he very much respected who wore opposed to this Bill. CHeat, hear.) AU he asked was thai before they ultimately made up their minds they would five considerate ittsntwn to in remarks that were made on the other side. He would oppose any ahmtion which would mar the beauty of the city, of which we were justly proud, but it was because be comcienUonsly believed that this alteration would promote the convenience of tbe citissns and greatly beautify tbe city that he took charge of tbe BilL He referred to Finsbuiy and Euston SQUares, London, the former of which was on one siis of the street and the latter intersected by it There were other streets in London where tbe same thins might be seen, and he felt assured that instead of a dis figurement it would be a great improvement to the city that such a scheme should be carried out Then were a number of buildings at present being erected abutting on the square that were such a disfigurement that no one would drive s stranger past them except in the dark. He should like to see the Houses of Parliament there instead of stuck down in the hole they were. Even in the Sandwich Islands they had a site for Parliament Houses which would disgrace our own, and if the inhabitants of Honolulu were to come here, especially tbe King, he would be prompt to remark. Facili deteensus AvernL (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary had observed that already the Government were crowded in the offices; and it should be remembered that the colony was but in its beginning, and we ought to make provision for the future. What had recently occurred in England showed the necessity of providing means for having the offices of Govern ment concentrated, and an opportunity was afforded the Government by this Bill of obtaining Parliament Houses and Government offices in a site worthy of the colony. They, with the build ings that would be erected on the other half of the block under the direction of the Corporation, would enable King William- street to be made equal to Pnnce's-fitreet, Edinburgh, the Boulevards, and some of the finest streets in the cities of America. All that would be wanted to break the monotony waR then to have it suitably planted with trees. With the exception of the central street from east to west, there was not a street ia Adelaide that would bear companion in that respect to those of Portland, in Oregon, much inferior to Adelaide in size, but whose streets were beautifully planted with handsome tree*, which afforded welcome shelter in the daytime, and at night were illumi nated by a coruscation of lamps, (('neers and laughter.) He had great pleasure iu moving the second reading. The H«n. A. HAY had listened jar. fully to h-ar what could have induced the To-m Clerk or Mayor to ir ake such a proposition as this, which he consi dered would not improve but spoi the appearance of the ciiy. If the b quire was done away with people would look aloug a line of dusty otroet :o some very ugly railway sheds at the end. which tie Corporation ought never to have permitted to be erected. The more he looked at the scheme the more was he surprised that there should have been found one member of tbe Council to support it. He had looked at the Hon. Mr. Tarlton as a mnn of taite— (Mr. Tarlum- ' Hear, hear.' lauirh'.er) - and was sorry to be so deceived. He did think the hon. member would at least have given tlmm ?ome better example than that o' Finshurv 3'd Eusten squares. (Hear, hear.) He had alluded to Prince's-street. but he omitted to mention that that looked out over the Carbon HilL (Hear, hear.) He would take another picture. Let them go to Ludgate Hill and Fleet-street, and was it not a finer sight to look east from Fleet-street at St. Paul's than to look upon a wide street right on? Victoria-square as now placed was as fine a sight, if it were properly bud out— not by putting a cathedral there, but by planting and making fountains, when it would be one of the most orna mental places in the world. It might be said that if this alteration were carried out, they might put a fountain in the middle of the street Ait they bad once placed one at the junction of King William sod Cnrrie streets, and it bad to be removed because the crammed road was not considered an ornament. He had looked at Bradshaw's plan of every town in Europe to see whether they contained «ny long straight streets running out without leading to another street, or to some object that beautified the view. But he defied the noo. member to point to any Conti nental city where they did not try to have squares or similar ornamental breaks in the streets. The hon. gentleman bad alluded to an American city that was planted with trees. He was glad to hear that they had got that measure of ornamentation, but it would have been better to have squares if the streets were wide and long. It was also said thst if the Corporation were allowed to purchase this hind, they would allow the Government to take half at cost price as a site for Parliament House. Bat would it be any advantage to bring tbe front of Parliament House on a line with the east tide of King William-street? The King of tbe Sandwich Island* would ssk, 'Could you not find a better site than tbe tide of a street for your legis lative buildings? auld you not find an open space on which to place themf What advantage was offered by building in each a position, instead of letting tbe Parliament House have a frontage to tbe present Victoria-square? The alteration would concentrate the traffic along the one street, while if they left the square as it was at present only one-half of the traffic would pass the new Parliament House. Then, if they altered Victoria-square in this way, why not do the same for the others? People had an equal right to aik for business convenience that they should be allowed to go through Hindmatsh, Light, Hurtle, and Whitmore squares. He understood also that there was something of the kind talked of regarding the square at North Adelaide. But would that be beautifying the city? It was the breaking of the long streets with squares and laying them out properly that really beautified the places. In Kaples the people would say you were mad if you talked of removing the gardens at the end of the main street, where the people sat amid beautiful trees and playing fountains. It was a disgrace to the Council to the Mayor, the Town Clerk, and whoever was responsible for it that Victoria squire was disfigured with roads and broken fences — it ought not to be allowed to remain so. Ii tbe Hon. Mr. Tarlton were a spiritualist and could call up the spirit of Colonel Light— if he who laid out the city could put on a ghastly aspect and frown down the hon. member and this scheme, he would do it (Hear, bear.) Tbe proposed alteration was not an im provement, bat a destruction of property. He bopedif the BUI were not carried thai it would be put into limbo for ever, and that the Council would turn to to slant and ornament the present square. He would not mind paying a rate to enable them to do so. He now moved that the Bill be read a second time that day six months, and trusted Ins amendment would be carried. The only parties the BUI would benefit were those whose land would have to be bowhtt and no doubt they would be able to put onahsavy value lor their property. He noticed that thesmothdausshad been very wisely drawn to allow tbe Council to borrow enough money to cany out the scheme without ?ayinghow muen— it might be 11&0G0. iJftOW, ot JHKW. But some sum ought to have been stated, for the Council had no right to ask authority to borrow an un limited amount He saw that buildings were being run up there now, and the thought evidently was tbe best plan was to get them bought by the Corporation. Tbe hon. member said that the Government wanted more room; but he did not think so. and held that tbe acre where the Govern ment bniidmga were to be erected was a fine and ample sUe. fi they altered the square what would they do? At present the south front of the Post Once and the Treasur/ BuiMings looked on the square, but then tbe Tressurr would look on a dead wall or on buildim. If tbe alteration were made 8tow Church ought to be wimprrmtrd. for it would Week oat the view of the square from that edifice. He considered that if any one ought to oppose this scheme it was the Government in order to protect Government pteperty. Then the 8th clause prehibiUd any 'rail- way tMBwawm ot drifts toy atoeoaswyve' wisae ateac Ksag WiMuaa-etrest aerti. of Ajf* aad A^MBVSBBBBSSU _^| _j gVg. MI)eSB4 4S- HM cssssssi ewjBsse* ww pou. MHHMWi^^ powete* tkmGkmlf Bailway rnisisy ts- earry tk«ff saw throws, tawsfnamesasssjatttae end ef thksaoath. (Mr. Banto-MBsyon« tbaarjNMBt terssiaas. sot theougf) the ssjaare;') Be coo sjdend it was,»dewrabk that the «**Mftjaf whether sb sltersiioBiof this tort ahauM be made ibMli be left I* he decided at a fcas when as agitssiesi stick* ha get a» abaot it This data* prevSed not thai saofte.wrth property wbe wen the saost aHamtiil shomki amoWtopnrm**. bat stipaialed that every ?aa SSd bt usdtowa to MM**. Hi hopaj a* Gbwaervative friend the Ooot— wer of Crown Us-k woeJd ao» support that At tbe least tt« votes sbctdd bewpon aseaJe aeeordng to the rates each citiM paST Tay BUI was not to carry em m i«m 1 1 ?? Ml, bat to 'destroy property. Thaw was no psseidrnt ret eoch a thsag sa air CiliiisnUl dty. er tveann Pant, whew they did aetsetk to haw tag stMasloobwoutnonan ugb railway atatioa. He was confident the Hon. atf TarHosT «m* at* have «iected upon the matter, lor if be bad aawatddawftrbavemovti ZhTss^iaadMofthsfiUL (Heat, hear.) Tbe Hon. P.BAFTO hoped £e Onneil would ax» bt scared by the Boo. Mr. Hay's talk of ghosts. Be did not think they bad anything to Karon that store, (LaagMer and Hear, boar.) He knew that tales of ghosts were socseuaw MsabywccaeatotrfgB«enchi)dNa.b«t that was the first tamt it had been triad ia Parbsnent The BtD had beta before Parliament aomt time, and the rlliatna had bad every opeortonity of opposing it if they fast abstr interests would bs interfered with by its paring He beuevtd that the impnvtatant it samatirt ought to resewa the sanction of Partiamanr. and therefore abouUstmvoitit. rjBcWttnasMtottwassowtoo abort to bt either a aaDOtssne or important street (Hear, hear} Ita beauty and etnvenienea would be increased by carrying it through the square. .As to the ok of railway coming through King WiInat-strett,tfaeOlaBalg sMwayOomtanyhad no power to bring their line tawtfh the square with^fim obtaining a Bill authorixing it The Act they were now working under only authorised thtir going outside tbe aauan. Tharcfore that qwetion was quite safe. His own opinion was th-t they ought not to be allowed to com* through tbe square. The Bill appeared to be approved by tbe eituens. (Hon, members— 'No.'} It had been supported in another place by the representatives of the city, and when he found that he thought it was a fair inference that it was in accordance with the wishes of the citizens. (Hear, bear.) He was satisfied that if this work was not done now it would have to be carried rat ma few y*ais,aabasmsss was increas ing in that part of King William-street But it could be done now at macfa less cost than tsn or twenty years hence. The argument that all the other equates would have to be altered would not hold good. Placing this square where it was was a mistake in the original plan, but tbe others were omameDta to the city. There ought to be a( main street right through the city for the principal traffic and if this were done there would be. Possibly aome alteration might be made in tno Bill to meet the objections of the Hon. Mr. Hay. Where it was susceptible of improvement let it be improved, but it would be a mistake to throw it out] alter it bad passed anotherplace with the support of all the city members. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. FISHlCfi seconded the amendment, and felt that he was competent to speak upon the question, as he had lived for 36 years in or near the city, and as a boy had played in every acre it eontained. He was indignant at a proposal of this kind, especially when it was introduced under the title of an 'improvement1' Everybody who was interested in the subject would feel disgraced if this beautiful city was so completely spoilt as it would be by making it lop-eared. He had listened to the eloquent speech of the hon. mover, but the hon. gentleman was always eloquent when he said nothing, and this time he had said nothing. (Laughter.) The hon. member had talked of Finsbury and Euston squares; but ask the people there whether they would prefer those miserable neighbourhoods to our city, and nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand out of every million would laugh at you. The hon. gentleman had alluded to the remarks of strangers, but he bad never heard one express anything but praise of tbe extreme beauty with which the city was laid out (Bear, hear.) If they made the alteration, and astranser came here on a hot-wind, day he would be able to see nothing in King Williain street for dust and would think that the sooner he got out of such a place the better. They all knew what the dust of early days was, and it was the planting of the square which had brought about such an improvement Reference had been made to the ugly buildings put up round the square; but they all knew that Adelaide tu designed with regard to the future, and these places would in time be pulled down and replaced by others of a different style. (Hear, hear.) He had been in London and Paris, and had seen nothing yet to equal the City of Adelaide in situa tion and design. He did not think there was a city in the world to beat it and not many to equal it and to spoil it by pitchforking this square to one side would be a disgrace. He trusted the majority would ignominionsly throw the Bill out The Hon. T. BLDKB, having regard to the future requirements of the city, had made up his mind to support the Bill, at he thought the continua tion of the street in one unbroken line would be a great improvement Victoria- square he had been led to regard as standing in the way of improve ment The Hon. Mr. Hay in referring to Prince's street omitted to state that although Carlton Hill was at one end of it the street was a mile long without a break. The illustration was therefore unfavourable. A more appropriate one would be Temple Bar, which was a block to the principal thoroughfare of London, and would, no doubt, sooner or later, be removed. The scheme had been approved in another place and by tbe City Council, and he could not see whit motive they could have but the general good. Those gentlemen who took the opposite view were, ss far as be had been able to dis cover, large holders of property in the city, and perhaps anticipated a considerable addition to the rates through the carrying out of this scheme. He should like very much to tee tbe Houses of Parlia ment at Victoria-square — (Hear hear)-as he screed with the Hon. Mr. Tarltoo their present site was entirely unsuitable, (Hear, hear.) As the opinion of strangers had been spoken of he would say that be bad heard tbe opinion of a good many, and every one wound up by expressing regret that King William-street did not run straight through from end to end, as it would then be the finest city in Australia. (Hear, hear.) de should have no hesitation in supporting tbe Bill The Hon. W. SANUOVEB said the supporters of the Bill tock.it for granted that this was a Bill approved by the citiatna, but it waa very difficult to ascertain their views oo any question, except upon a rate. This Bill waa sliding through the Legisla ture with all its dangers. The mistakes made by tbe present Council were such that there had never been a Council in the city that required mote watching. One danger of the Bill was the unlimited borrowing power. There was a pro vision also that when the land was required the Government was to have the option of taking the best half of the hind at .one half of the cost That waa not fair to the citizen*, as no one could aay tbe other half was of equal value. The Government seemed to be making a cat'i paw of tbe citizens. The Town Clerk estimated tbe cost of the scheme at £20,600. He could make aome allowance, seeing that 17,000 worth of buildings bad been erected since ; but be defied any one to say that the cost of tbe scheme would be less than £45,000 or £50,000. Beference had been made to motives. No doubt they were all more or less swerved by interest at tunes, but be did notice a number of business men who were interested taking an active part in supporting this scheme. He thought the interests of outsiders should be considered. If this was such a good thing tbe Government should have done it There waa aome of them who would, but he believed there was a division of opinion. To say the abolition of the square would be an improvement in such a climate as ours he could not understand. A road would be required on tbe eastern aide of this block, which would reduce the quantity of land considerably. This road was made through for the benefit of some persons, but he questioned if many of tbose had anv taste for the beautiful. If this were done, then|Putteney, Hanson, and Grenfall streets, and the other streets simi larly placed should all sntenect tbe squares for DQBinem purposes. King William-street was not a business place at .present aad never would be. (Heat, near.) A few medal tradesmen might like to go next the PoaH)Bce, or even the Pofice&axwo;, but thorn were not tha localities business men would wdinaribj choose. Supposing this scheme were realised, would a majority of Parliament say it waadsauabit to place Parliament House in a crowded street? Merely a flock of sheep psanng by disturbed tbe House of Assembly now, and it would be batter if the building waa put further away from the traffic. Tbe Government had absorbed a good deal of land on NortbHerrace, but there was still ample left far them to getagpod site there far Parliament House. He felt strongly cc this question, but be had no personal interest to serve. He objected to tbe Bill peasuw, but even if it were carried he doubted whether it would come into opentieo. There were two years in which U might bs mads operative, anil be was sure that whan it came to a question of borrowing £50,000 to earry out the scheme of certain paeons, all that weald coxae of it would be that tha dty would bt involved in the expense nf imiii fesssi j imlls. for the elections would soon ibow tbe view the dtueot btid of the Cor poratioa. Sir H. AYIF8 moved that the debate be adjourned to the following Tuesday. Sii H. AYJB8 aakti whether a copy of the book ef Nknnee and plane of the land that remind to b»tai«» wwald.it laid btfsn httv mamlwi ky Sheika. B. A. TARLTON bad wt deubt thai be wowid be able to ttowantheta. Tbe Council adjourned at S3 miautea to 4 uabl 2. o'clock thjfolmai Twsetay. 