%m%%t fitting 1P&£. ? ? ? 4 ?_ ^ . — y^r. ? SMITHPIELD AMii.GAMA.TED MUTE. — A meeting of this mine was held on Friday, July 3rd, when the following resolutions were passed : — First — That the Company be wound up, and wound up. voluntary ; 2nd— That Mr. J. Turner, of Smithfield, be liquidator ; 3rd — That the liquidator's remuneration be £25. MiiCOLM's Babossa.— The following is the Manager's report, dated July 7: — *? No. 1 Tribute pitch have risen on lode 4 feet 6 inches, making a total of 15 feet 6 inches, lode giving about two tons of good ore per fathom, and have now about 7 tons broke. No. 2, or Company's pitch, risen on lode 14 feet, making a total of 30 feet, and has turned out about three tons of rich grey ore, making a total now of about 15 tons, lode at present looking poor in back. No. 3 Tribute pitch has carried up stope on lode 9 feet, and has turned out four tons of very good ore, making a total of 7 tons Started to fork water at 1 o'clock on Monday morning, ^ind I hope to have it out ByWednesday' night. I have also attached shaft to engine for driving pump, and will have them at work in 10 days' or a fortnight, when I will be able to dispense with a good many surface hands. I forward to Port Smelting Works to-day tour tons two cwts. from pile of about 12 tons of ore now r-ady from Company's pitch ; Tributers ore not yet brought to grass.' The Tbt Again. — Intelligence from this TYiiue. dated the 6th inst.. reDorts the shaft as having reached 146 feet in depth, the working during last week having been through softer rock than any heretofore gone through. A small branch of quartz, an offshoot from the main lode, had been cut through, when water flowed in upon the working that kept the horses hard at work 'emptying out. The men have in consequence been put to sinking a winze on the course of the lode. The sudden influx of water is considered by the work men a very favourable indication. The present machinery being inadequate to the task of keeping down the water, the Directors are considering what improved machinery it will be best to adopt for that purpose. . Opening of Eedbajtks: Beidge. — Our reporter's account of ihe interesting pro ceedings connected with the opening en Tuesday, of this useful structure, -iid not get to hand till the whole of our space was occupied. We heartily congratulate the settlers of the district on their having secured so great a convenience as this bridge must prove to them. The Gawler Soap Works. — Since our notice last year of this important local industry, we find that the premises and various appliances of art have been consider ably enlarged, and the power of production increased accordingly; and, what is highly gratifying, Gawler soap has actually become already an article of export, shipments of it being in request far beyond the limits of the Australian Continent. It is satisfactory to add that the spirited and enterprising pro prietor has succeeded to a great extent in counteracting the former effluvia!' at first connected with the soap-making process at this new establishment of colonial industry. Gawler Institute. — When the various methods are taken into consideration by which the supporters of the Gawler Institute have endeavoured, during a long course of action, to elevate by its example the intellectual status of the general community, now everywhere copying the spirited model ; it were only reasonable to expect that Gawler. whose Institute gave birth to our National Song and our history, and that is ever ready to take in hand and foster what soever things are of good report, would expe rience in particular the patronage and sub stantial countenance of our statesmen and rulers. Five thousand pounds have been spent upon our Institute, which sum, while other similar foundations have been assisted by Government with grants equal to their local contributions, has onlv been suro'e mented with £1,500 and is consequently in debt about £1,500. Under these circum stances, our representative, Mr. Angas, has tabled the following motion in behalf of the Institute — ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make provision in tho Estimates for the year 18?4-5, to aa extent not exceeding £1,000, for the purpose of supplementing an equal amount contributed for the erection of the Gawler Institute.' Ia bringing the motion before the House of Assembly .on Wednesday last, Mr. Angas, after referring to the greatness of our Institute's outlay and the smallness of the subsidy granted it, re marked that the amount now asked would not oe equal to pound, tor -pound on tlie expenditure ; but it was all that was asked, and he therefore hoped there would be no opposition to voting the money in the usual way. The Treasurer (Hon. L. Glyde) said he believed there was some peculiar circum stance in this case. The Commissioner of Public Works knew all about it, and he would therefore move that the debate be ad journed. We cannot for a moment suppose any objection whatever can be Taised to this modest and reasonable request, and we fully calculate upon the Hon. Commissioner, who as a townsman is perfectly familiar with our Institute's history and claims, generously giving all the help which it is entitled to at the hands of the Government. Geace Egebton (Mrs. George Case). — We have before us a pretty Lilliputian volume exhibiting the comments and critiques of the public Press upon this gifted lady's performances during her tour round the world between 1865 and 1870, and highly complimentary they are, and justly so, as we can aver from having bad the satisfaction in the autumn of 1865 of witnessing her clever impersonations during her former visit to South Australia. It is amusing to find that she has since then been entertaining and surprising the communities of Bombay and Hong ICong, of our Indian metropolis and Japan, and the Western world from Cali fornia to Chicago and Toronto. She is now, we learn, making a farewell ' trip round the tTEorld.' During her stay in the old country iMie has been assisted with several new and successful psogrammes from the pen of Edmund Xates, and the eccentrics and oddities she now brings before us huve there fore the recommendation on this side the globe of originality. Her performances at the Egyptian Hall during her stay in London elicited very complimentary notices from the Press of that most critical metropolis, amongst others the following from the Daily Nabs : — ' What we said of Mrs. Case on her first visit we can conscientiously repeat now. She is aa apt actress, a sweet singer, a brilliant dancer, and a spirited, indefatigable woman. Her great charms are her freshness, her courage and energy in an entertainment solely dependent on her exertions for its interest; she goes through an amount of work which, even regarded as physical labour, is surprising, and at the end seems as bright, as animated, and as unfatigued as at the beginning. Her husband, Mr. Case, contributes several capitally executed solos on the violin and concertina, and a leisure two hours could not be much more agreeably employed than in the company of this enter taining couple.' As the performance is only for oae evening, and the attendance likely to be large, it will be prudent to secure seats early, and as the firs* personation is ** Lord Dunderhead,' with the new song and ' sar casm,' ' Awfully Clevar,' it will be equally prudent to be in time, for the audience will doubtless prove what by a vinous metaphor is called ' a bumper.' Religious Periodicals. — The South Aus- tralian Independent for this month has a number of interesting and some very im- portant articles. Amongst these are "The 'future of Sunday Schools," "The mode of Baptism," by a country minister ; an obituary of the late Mrs. Mead. Among the literary notices is one of the Rev. R. Fletcher's on Subjects and Mode of Baptism, of which a large edition has been reprinted in Adelaide. Truth and Progress, the organ of the Baptist Church, contains some very interesting ex- tracts from the Rev. Mr. Taplin's recently published narrative of the Narrinyeri abori- gines congregated at the Point Macleay Mission, Lake Alexandrina. The notice of the mission of Messrs. Moody and Sankey to Glasgow will prove interesting to many readers, as also the portions intended for juvenile minds. The Australian Bellbingebs. — These remarkably clever artists have afforded Gawler a great treat during the evenings of Saturday and Monday. When we state that musical pieces of the choicest character, and many of our most popular favorites, are performed with the most perfect accuracy and completeness by Mr. Lynch and his -talari for! finns. anil f.hnf flip sit -nprfnrmpro Slave to work upon about ten bells each,, the skill to which they have attained cannot but appear surprising. If we remember correctly there were about eight or nine performers in the Lancashire Bellringers party ; when j therefore the execution of a musical piece 1 is limited to half a dozen, the performance j becomes a task of far greater . nicety and ability. The charming tones of the bells proved a great treat, and the gentle whisper's they were.. at times made to produce as of faint echoes in the distance was remarkable, hushing the audience into profound silence. Mr. Keeley's alternations of comic songs were enthusiastically received, and vocifer ously encored, to which tax upon his labor and lungs he submitted with much good nature. The ghostly afterpiece produced laughter enough, but in spite of its laughter moving colloquy it was hardly to the taste of the Colonial Athens, and the song ' It's funny wheu you feel that way ' would be improved by the omitting one of its verses. The programme on Monday evening was of a very pleasing character, the talents of the performers on the piano, concertina, piccoloe, being cleverly exhibited. ' The ghost farce was superseded by ' Mr. Johnson in want pf a coachman,' which was wanting in interest and delicacy ; and Mr. Johnson will require very different coaching before he becomes a favorite in Gawler. Mr. Lynch and his talented company will, we dare say, pardon an Athenian hintas to nomenclatures, Campana meaning a large bell as used in Churches and Cathedrals, tintinabulum being the classic name of the handbell. There is therefore a great error in Poe's poem, '-the bells,' where the word ' tintinabulation' is applied to the deep toned bells of the tower. Thee Planting in the Abeis. — The land in the Northern Areas being admirably suited for nearly all kinds of fruit trees, settlers should not let this season pass with out making a commencement in planting some ; they should remember that fruit is in season when culinary vegetables are scarcely obtainable, and thai a little trouble now will conduce greatly in after years both to their health and economy. A few vines of the table sorts, some fig, loquat, almond, peach, apricot, plum, pear, and quince, if only one or two of each as a beginning, will in three or four years make ample return for the expense and trouble of planting. Besides the fore going, olive trees are to be particularly recommended ; there can be no finer country for them than the new areas, and in years to come olive oil ouajht to be one of the staple productions of this colony. It is not only the best oil that can be made and always likely to prive a good return to the producers, but its preparation is extremely simple and easy, and the refuse highly valuable as food for cattle, pigs, &c.; Young plants can now be obtained in quantity from the nurserymen, and at a very reasonable price per hundred ; they should be planted for hedges wherever they can be protected for a few years from cattle, -for no plant is more suitable for that purpose in this climate, and some should be planted out as standards to form future olive yards. The plants supplied by the nursery men arc seedlings, and if planted for the production of oil will require grafting with good sorts. We may add for the informa tion of those who are unacquainted with this tree that it grows luxuriantly in deep moist soils, but bears little fruit there ; in medium soils it grows at a fair rate and. bears good crops ; but it will also like the vine flourish in the most dry, rocky, and apparently barren places. We would, therefore, again urgently recommend our northern friends not to let the wet season elapse without making a commencement in. tree planting, and shall be glad* to answer any queries from corres pondents on the subject. Mb. EaibcIiOUgh's Recitals. — Notwith* standing the very brief notice of this gentle man's visit to Gawler, and Wednesday i evening being one of continuous rain, a very [ genteel though not large audience was , attracted to the Institute Hall to hear the j recitations of this popular elocutionist. Of the Shaksperian pieces, Hamlet's Soliloquy ' was to our taste and judgment the best of the j evening. The closet scene was good, but we think would have been better if the transi tions were less abrupt and the denunciations ; less boisterous, which latter remark will apply to other pieces. It is now 300 years since Shakspeare through the lips of- Hamlet cautioned the actors of his time against ' tearing a passion to tatters,' and ever since that time actors have been tearing away as if their object were to split the ears of their audience. Hamlet's ravings are perhaps hardly fair mark for criticism, as dramatic biographers have not yet settled whether the prince was mad, or compos mentes; supposing him the hitter, he would assuredly not have stormed at the dead body of the poor old harmless courtier whom he had just nninten tentionally and needlessly killed. We very much doubt indeed if storming was any part of the character of a native of sn ncAd n climate as that of Denmark, where the people are almost as phlegmatic as their neighbours the Dutch. The Dagger Scene from Macbeth was, we incline to think, the best rendered of tbe impassioned pieees. The ' Bridge of Sighs ' was rendered, in our opinion, much truer to nature than some of the boisterous— or, as a rather sarcastic friend of ours terms them, ** thunder and lightning *' — pieces' 'The Eaven,' that most difficult piece, was well expressed, but the unfortunate structure of the Hall caused much of it to be inaudible, while the elocu tionist's lower tones were evidently impaired by the hoarseness produced no doubt by his recent labours. Mr. Fairelough's recitations are, in spite of our sensitiveness on the score of tearing a passion to tatters, a great treat. He throws himself with wonderful art into the character to be represented, and his identity with it is instantaneous and complete; and we may add to this his thoughtful, sedate aspect, and gentlemanly demeanor, are greatly in his favor. His address, without being bold or famHiar, is free and ea*y, but has none of the smiling simper of the common comedian, nor the studied graces of the dancing master, and may be summarised as equally manly and polite. A close student of the 'finest mental productions of our country, Mr. FairclougU's representations^ them cannot be otherwise than interesting and striking, and those who have uot heard him have unquestionably a treat to come. At the close of ihi evening's entertainment, several gentlemen of the audience stepped into the ante-room and invitel Mr. Fairclough to repeat his visit to Gawler, when, on announcing his intention to give us a second evening on Monday week, July 20, he was greeted with a warm expres sion of approbation, frequent applause hav ing followed the recitations during the evening. Mr. Fyffe, of Adelaide, took charge of the Hall piano during the evening, and gave at intervals in his usual excellent style of performance, selections from the operas Le JProphete and Semeramede, his execution of which was much admired. 