" NUMBER NINETY-SEVEN KENT-STREET. (Concluded.) THE day was dying out when Fred Grant left. The western sky, which half-an- hour before had been one broad and brilliant sheet of crimson purple, intermixed with gold, had changed to ruffled waves of dark and silver grey. The darkness crept about in silence, entering and taking pos session of the lawyer's room, whilst its owner lay, his face close down upon his folded arms ; his breathing painful, quick, irregular, as one whose.sleep is broken in upon and murdered by a haunting, dañinea dream. As in a heavy nightmared slumber, when one's blood is curdled up, when yawning voids are traversed swift to Death's own home, and stifled moans are all the victim's proof of waning life, he lay in seeming sleep ; but ever, as the wind did hurtle by, BO evei from his lips did fall the words, "Oh, God! Oh, God ! how fearful just thou art ! Thy curse may linger, but it comes at last." An hour went by, and thus he lay, moaning and shuddering like some stricken thing, oblivious of the laughing jovial crowd that hurried past, all life, and mirth, and hope. One burly fellow, a blacksmith evidently by his grimy hands and face, stopped to light his pipe at the open door, then shouted cheerily a " Merry Christmas !" down the hall : but the sound struck on the darkness of the inner room like to a ghostly whisper 'gaiust some funeral Eall, and wasted, shadow-like, into the gloom. A ragged eggar, resting for a moment his .weary frame near the win- dow sill, heard wailing sounds within, and, frightened, hob- | bled from the haunted quarter nearer to the lights. The street again grew still, and one could hear far down the busy town the hum of moving crowds, the quick trot of horses, the rattle of cabs and carts, as they swiftly passed along ; but the sounds disturbed not him who lay within. The dreamer dreamed, and moved not : nor, when the moon came out, rising far above the bluff North Head, throwing a flickering Btream of silver on the sea, and painting curious shadows underneath the trees. But when, caught fairly by a sudden gust, the door slammed loudly, shutting out the street, and when the heavy roll of distant thunder caught his ears, John Graves sat slowly up, his hands still tightly pressed upon his pallid face. The lightning flashed, the thunder rolled again, and little water drops began to patter on the shingled roof, as he raised himself to his feet. Tottering, he groped about like a blinded, drunken man, searching for his hat, which, at length discovered, he pulled quite firmly down against his eyes, and then, with a ner- vous weakened motion, moved for the outer room. A singing flash revealed the road he wished to go, and stag fering along the passage, feeling with his outstretched ngerB on the wall, at length he reached the street door, which he opened noiselessly, and peered cautiously out ; but quickly shrunk back, and eagerly listened till a woman who was passing had turned round the next corner. When the sound of her retiring footsteps had wholly died away, John ventured fairly out, drawing a chair close up against the door, and leaving all as Fred, had left it. Where was he going ? Home? " Home !" Often in the old time John had repeated the word with a bitterness which had astonished his more fortunate hearers, and "some- thing of the old look gathered on his face as he stood irresolute on the windy footpath. To most men whose experience of the world has not been of the softest kind, there comes an hour, at least once in their lifetime, when " home," the gathering place of relatives, or such friends as grow out of long acquaintanceship, is to be . shunned by them of all places in the wide earth, when a desire and fixed determination to precipitate one's self out of the glare and mocking light into the unmeasurable dark beyond is all that animates the doomed wretch upon whom misfortune has fallen suddenly. That fatal hour seemed to have come now to the recently-jubilant lawyer. Foi many moments, while the gusty wind swept by, John stood immovable, a broken image of himself an hour ago ; then, effortless, he raised his eyes to the blackening sky above. The light from a gas-lamp opposite, which danced and flickered in the strengthening breeze, fell full upon hif upturned face, and shewed it white and stiff as marble, One who had found a temporary resting place on the kerb stone, a few steps off, broke the spell by chanting Baccha nalian ditties of the old country. John looked down upoi him, at first suspiciously, and afterwards with a longing earnest gaze, as if he envied the babbling sot his idiocy and would gladly have changed places with him. Tb drunkard again started his drawling music, asserting, to ai improvised air, that he was a true-born Englishman, an< wouldn't go- home till morning. As these themes gre\ monotonous by long repetition, he changed the measure some what, and started an echo by calling upon some imaginar; landlord to fill the flowing bowl, as he intended all night t "merry, merry, be," till the lawyer's approaching footstep alarmed him, and he turned defiantly round ; but, catchin sight of the whitened face and stern-set eyes which glare so fixedly upon him, he yelled out, "Police !" and raise an uproar about some skeleton head walking about with live man's body. John did not stay longer to listen to the terrified drunkard ravings, but walked warily away, crossing over to the dar side of the street ; keeping well within the shadows < houses, and avoiding, with a thief's caution, such pasBoi Í;ers as inadvertently encountered him. If from a by ane Borne one started out and took the same road 1 himself was pursuing, the lawyer hung back until tl traveller was well ahead ; if a footstep from behind caugl his ear, he hurried forward rapidly, ever casting a swift look^ backward, to make sure he was not followed. So moving, almost creeping along, he went, until the lighted thoroughfares were left behind, and the more secluded pre- cincts of Elizabeth-street were reached. He stood a brief time here, looking down to where the lights were brightest, and saw, flitting past, the forms of people bent on pleasure, at first in single specks, which after swelled to crowds, whose noise was plainly heard even at the great distance which separated the gazer from those he looked upon. The j pause had done John good, had taken from his face the hardened stony look it wore a short time back. Glancing wearily round, his eyes met the light streaming from a solitary lamp, which marked the locale of one of the metro- politan bridewells ; and, suddenly recollecting where he was, with recovered energy swiftly he pushed towards the south. The road was long and unfrequented, save by a few persons who crossed it on their way to town from Woolloomooloo, and lie could see the gleam of lamps far away, near to his journey's end. The hour was early still- nine had not struck, yet, as if fearful of being late, he hurried along at an increasingly rapid pace. But once he stopped, and then only for a moment, to take breath, before pursuing his course anew. At the corner of Bathurst-street a small one storied building stood. It was the Bible Hall, of former days. The keeper, a weary-looking, thin old man, had been one of John's very earliest friends-the first that had pointed out to him the better way, when the load of life had grown burdensome, and he would fain have lain him down to rest for ever. The intimacy thus born in time of killing trouble had been continued through subsequent prosperous years, and John had always looked up to the ancient book- worm in a thankful, nay, almost a reverent manner, lt may have been some thought of the kind reasoning he had often listened to from the aged keeper, who taught him that reliant patience he had sedulously cultivated ever since ; perhaps his mind went back to other times long before his own advent, when, in the midst of sinning men, a Sinless One bore, thankfully and patiently, the ills humanity was powerless to bear-the mockery of crowds, the open scorn of those their fellows scorned and spat upon, and, in the end, degrading immolation by children whom he blessed. Perhaps some thoughts like these, or the memory of that mother who slept in the littte sloping churchyard by the sea, in England, far away, had risen up before him, and kept him hesitating on the spot. His haggard face grew slightly softer, a whispered sound of words did issue from his lips, as when one prays in anguish to his God, not wishing that the prayer will linger on the earth ; but a rag- ged youth, whoBe fellows were in hiding round the corner, dashed swiftly past, and shouting "Tally-ho!" disturbed his reverie, and broke the spell which bound him. Casting an anguished look towards the town he was now leaving far behind, he started off again at the same nervous unsatis- fied pace. Down past the old pound yards, which stood in Haymarket Square ; past groups of artisans, who, together with their better-halves, were returning home laden with prizes gained in raffles at the Cheshire Cheese ; past the deserted brick yards, and those drooping willow trees memorials from Napoleon's grave at St. Helena- which faced the earthy mansions of Sydney's pioneers : till turning sharply off to the right, and skirting round the haunted ground, he entered fair upon the street which leads out from the city towards Parramatta- Here again, although the houses were not clustered so closely as at present, and but few people were observable, his step became stealthy and his manner watchful in the extreme. Taking to the left hand path John sauntered up and down for fully half an hour, all which time no other footfall but his own broke in upon the silence of the street. On the opposite side of the way a low diminutive chemist's shop hung out its sign, a blue and green lamp, whose battered aspect told of heavy weather it had suffered for many months. The customers to this establishment were few, and of one particular class not the most aristocratie amongst the many whose abodes were in the capital city of Australia. The worthy proprietor had twice been censured for supplying persons suffering from alcoholic derangement with the means of making a Bpeedy exit from this world of sorrow; and it was hinted that there were easily to be obtained in appropriate doses those noxious mixtures with which professional sharpers rendered their dupes unconscious previous to entering upon exploits of a more felonious character. The consequence was, that respectable tenants living there, and passers by, shunned its neighbourhood, as if the phantom of murder itself stood keeping watch and ward in the open doorway. There was no customer in the shop now ; business was dull, in fact, and the wheezing decrepit object to which the tene- ment belonged sat poring over a heavy volume by the light of a single candle, whose ineffectual blaze scarcely illumined the confined area which served him for a dispensary. It was some time, however, before John made up his mind to cross over ; but he did so at length, and after passing and re passing the place several times, he gave a careful glance all round, and then entered, rather hurriedly. The old man, his literary recreation disturbed thereby, looked up, scrutinised the lawyer leisurely, and as leisurely marked down the page he had been reading, before shuffliug up to the counter, in quest of the newcomer's wants. The I demand was made in a whispered tone, at which the chemist changed colour slightly. "I don't think I can do it," he answered in-a slow unde- cided sort of way ; meantime keeping his eyes fixed upon the lawyer's face, as if reading his very soul's intent. The scrutiny seemed satisfactory, for the haggard lines on John's face and his nervous manner were hardly characteristic of a police official venturing clandestinely to make a "plant" upon the den. "It is dangerous," he resumed, feeling his way further, "and such things are not usually obtainable without a magistrate's order." " I know, I know," replied John, " but I will pay " " Oh, yes, of course you'll pay. All who come here do that. Credit would ruin the business entirely. They must pay-no trust. Patients like yourself seldom call more than once, and go so far away, when they do go, that our Courts here have no jurisdiction. Besides, I hate law-have had too much of it lately.''' As no reply came from the lawyer to the explanation so courteously given, the chemist con- tinued, " But what's the matter, eh ? Forgery ? Eh ?" "No!" " Wife been bad-gone astray ?" "No!" " Been on the spree, then ?" " Yes, yes," answered John eagerly ; " I want to sleep." " Of course. I know. You want to sleep- the long sleep, eh ? Well, what's the price ?" J "Name your own-it matters not to me." "Well, we'll say five pounds. Too much? No. All right !" wheezed out the oJd man, whose eyes glistened, as John laid down a sovereign over and above the amount agreed upon. " But I must caution you," he remarked, in a very measured manner, after weighing and tying up a small packet of whitish powder ; " I must caution you to be careful of this, and not leave it about ; for it contains poison. Stay, I'll write it. There. Did any person come with you?" " No !'l said John, alarmed. " " Why ?" " Oh, it's all right. I haven't seen anyone about. Only, if you were so foolish as to bring friends here I should have to take your names and enter them here," replied the chemist, tapping a greasy looking book on the counter. " No one came with me," was the answer. " And now give me the packet. Here is your money. Good night !'' " Good night 1 Ha ! ha ! You're cool. Good bye ! you mean. Don't forget my caution : and, above all, don't sleep , too long." j. In another moment John had turned out of the poisoner's' ! den, and was in the street once more. The old scoundrel, who would have handed down to perdition every being in the world for the sake of the money he could not enjoy, returned to his reading, as contentedly and calmly as if he had just risen from prayer. * * * * * * When Katie Grant and her friend Hetty Price set out that sultry afternoon, bearing between them quite a load of fruit and other tempting eatables for the invalided Mrs. Gray, their thoughts, if not their talk, ran equally upon the morrow's expectations. Good Samaritans as they- were, it was impossible for them to dismiss the fact from their minds that one of them was fast wearing out her last day of blessed singleness, and that the other-well, who knew what might happen if Fred could only be tamed into a rea- sonable being, and kept out of the horrid bush altogether 2 A wedding time is a sure time for weaving out the plans for other marriages to follow, and our fair heroines were not devoid of speculation as to what might happen in the case of Hetty before another year had run its course. In merry talk of this description the journey down to Miller's Point was passed, and when at length the ladies stopped, tired and dusty, at their destination, their fresh, joyous faces and laughing eyes would have puzzled any one to guess upon what errand they had first set out. In fact, so absorbed were they in their prognostications, that they failed to notice a well known yellow carriage standing by them in the street. " Number ninety-seven ; here we are," said Hetty Price. "Just take these things while I knock," she added, handing Katie her share of the gifts they brought for Mrs. Gray, " I must be careful not to make much noise, for the poor thing may be sleeping, and Heaven knows she needs it sadly." ! Before she had time to reach the knocker, however, the door opened, and a clergyman they did not know came out. The girls glanced at each other with a meaning look, saying nothing, but a shadow crept over the faces of both. The lady of the house, a kindly looking Irishwoman, one Mrs. Rafferty, caught sight of her visitors over the edge of her apron, just as she was about to close the door, and imme- diately bade them enter with the best show of politeness she could muster, but after seeing them Beated she burst into tears. It was some time before she sobbed herself into silence, which remained a while unbroken, as both Katie and Hetty were too unnerved for speech by the sudden manner in which their fairy castle building had been interrupted. After some difficulty, Hetty managed to attract Mrs. Rafferty's attention, and asked whether her lodger was worse. " Worse ! indeed she is, poor darling. She's at death's door, the crathure, and will never see the morning's i blessed light. It's the sorrowful house this will be to-night, I and after her looking so well, too, yesterday, and promising to be up and out on Monday wid me to the sports. Shure I there's nothing in the world but ill luck for them that's j good. Did you know the minister that's just gone out ?" she asked, drying her eyes. On being answered in the negative, Mrs. Rafferty con- tinued, " Nor I neither. I think he's one of thim min that praches at the corners ; but good luck go with him for a Christian man, whoever he is,' for he came right away wid me at once without axing questions, when the others refused, having to look after their preparations, they said. Ah, ladies, we're a poor lot, we Irish people, but it's not one of our clargy who would serve a dying woman that way !" Hetty, who was quite upset at what she had listened to, seemed unable to follow the old woman in her garrulous talk, which Katie noticed, and explained the object of their visit, asking if Mrs. Gray were indeed so bad as they feared, and if they would be permitted to see her. " It's all thrue what I've tould you," Mrs. Rafferty said, " she's sinking fast, but sensible. The doctor's with her at this moment, else I would not be here. She would see him again, to settle up, she says, but, dear me, Dr. Brand is not the man for that. Here he comes now," she finished in a whisper, as a step was heard upon the stairs, and almost immediately afterwards a portly old gentleman entered the room where they were seated. He was a fashionable physi- cian, whose services were alwaysA in requisition by members of the colonial aristocracy-they of gentle blood as well as that other portion who founded their claims to precedence on the amount of money they had scraped to- gether, and which sometimes serves as a golden key to open the door to good society. There was a filmy indication of moisture in his eyes, which prevented his noticing the visitors at first, and it took rather longer than usual to adjust his gloves, so immersed did he seem to be in thought, j Believing they were alone, he addressed Mrs. Rafferty, without raising his head to look at her " Mrs. Gray is dozing now, but you had better stay by her till she wakes, and get some neighbour to assist you to- night. I may come back again, but it is not certain. But let whatever expenses are incurred be charged to me." Adjusting his hat, the doctor continued, with a somewhat pained expression of countenance, " I can scarcely wish you a merry Christmas, Mrs. Rafferty, while the shadow of death is hovering so very near, but rest assured that whatever kindness you show to the friendless stranger upstairs will not be forgotten by One who is kinder than us all. Here is money for what I know you will want soon. Now, now !'' he persisted in the.gentlest manner, "I am sure you are not more of a millionare than I am, so do not refuse to take it. Let us do a little good while we can, for fife is short, and we never know where we may need friends ourselves." "Will you call again to-night, doctor?" asked Mrs. Rafferty. " I cannot say for certain, but I think so j not that my assistance can help your lodger-she is past all human aid but for another purpose, for if my surmises are correct there will be mourning in other houses than this to- night. It will be late before I return,, as I have a patient yet to visit. Dear me," he added, surprisedly, regarding his watch, "how time has flown. Have you any of your sons here who can go up town for me ?" "Oh, yes, doctor," answered Mrs. Rafferty, "there's Patrick ; he's a quick boy, and knows every inch of Sydney. I'll bring him." And Patrick, a bright faced youth of twelve, was forth- with summoned from the recesses of a capacious cellar underneath, where he was busily employed at an improvised fireplace in the schoolboy mystery of dump making. " Here, my boy," said Dr. Brand, "do you know Mr, Graves' the lawyer's office in King-street?" " No, sir, but I can find it." " It's close by the Supreme Court," continued the doctor. " Take this card-you see my name is on it-and ask Mr. Graves to be at bis office in an hour, when I willcall.,Mojn, good-bye for the present, Mrs. Rafferty. . Good-byë," Jrod croBBing to the door, his eyes encountered Katie and JBEetty. The former had risen up, and with outstretched hands seemed about to speak, when Dr. Brand noticed her. His look be- tokened more than astonishment ; something of fear mingled with pain was observable in it also ; but he mastered his emotion, and again doffed his hat, begging pardon for his stupidity in not noticing them before. " And how is Miss Grant ?" he questioned smilingly. " Mrs. Rafferty, why didn't you tell me-" but that good lady had left the room for the chamber upstairs. "You have come to visit my patient, Miss Grant ; do you know her ?" " No doctor," returned Katie, " I have never seen her, but I have heard her history from her cousin, Miss Price here ; it is a very sad one, and we came to offer what little service we could render. " " Her cousin ! Indeed ! I did not know she had relatives here. She never told me that, and I never thought of ask- ing her, else they would have- known before this how cer- tain was her fate. Your mission is a noble one, ladies, but you come too late-too late." " Is there no hope, then, doctor?" inquired Katie, who alone could speak, so utterly bowed down was Hetty by the solemn tidings. " Nona that I can give ; her complaint is one no medicine can cure ; Mrs. Gray is dying of a broken heart. I am aware," he continued, in explanation, " that such an asser- tion publicly uttered would cause me to be laughed at by my medical brethren, but without any recognisable disease manifesting itself she has been drooping near to the grave for many a year. Hope alone hitherto has sustained her, but now hope itself is dying out fast, or is dead, and the exhausted frame cannot support its weight of woe much longer." " Doctor," said Katie, as he concluded,* a sudden change to strength being very observable in her, I heard you send a message to Mr. Graves, telling him to meet you at his office in an hour. I know he will be there-waiting for me," she faltered, blushing. " Will you please tell him not to expect me. I will stay here to-night, if it is permitted." "No, no, Katie," interrupted Hetty, "remember to- morrow. It is my duty ; I will stay." " Stay both," advised the doctor, after a moment's hesi- tation, " it will perhaps be best. I will deliver your message, Miss Grant, and return as soon as possible. Till then, good-bye." And noiselessly opening the door he let himself into the street, and a minute afterwards the wheels of his little yellow carriage were heard rolling rapidly away. The landlady, Mrs. Rafferty, re-appeared soon, having evidently undergone a great, change during the short period of her absence. Traces of tears were still to be observed, round her" eyes, but her whole aspect was much brighter. Mrs. Gray had awaked, and said, the motherly old woman, "The sleep seems to have done her more good than all the physic she's took while here. Why, what do you ye think she asked-if it would be morning soon, and could she have some breakfast ? Of coorse I said yes, and when I tould her that you'd come, and were waiting here to see her, she seemed so eager for you that you must go up at once. Ah !" she added, as both Katie and Hetty prepared to ascend the stairs, "God is good, and who knows but she may recover after all. You go up, and I'll come with a nice cup oí cocoa in a few seconds. " Hetty, who acted as guide, quickly made her way to the invalid's room, which she entered, with Kate following close behind her. They were surprised. This the woman Dr. Brand had talked about so solemnly as dying ! Why, there was no indication of death's presence there. So fai as might be judged, Mrs. Gray, though the weakest, was by far the most buoyant of the three. She raised her thir hand without much effort, placed it affectionately ronnel Hetty's neck, and kissed her with an earnestness she had never exhibited before. Then she looked curiously at Katie, and asked, in a stronger tone than usual, " You are Miss Grant, are you not ?" . "Yes," answered Hetty, noticing from Katie's surpris* that she was not likely to speak. " You are very kind to journey so far to see a poor, sid stranger. You're no stranger to me, though," Mrs. Graj way on, smiling. "Miss Price here has told me all aboui you, and I knew who you were the moment you came in Why, what do you think ?" she continued, turning t< Hetty, "Dr. Brand gave up all hopes of me last night, am I feel so much better to-day. You wouldn't believe hov glad it has made that good woman down stairs. Ah ! I cai never reward her-never ; her constant kindness has beei all that a mother could show. You will not forget her i anything should happen, will you ? You know what '. mean-I don't like to think of it now, though I have oftei wished for it before-oh, how often ! You will not forge her, will you?". ""No, no, that we will not," said Hetty,," and you mus make haste now, you know, and. get better, and come ti stay with us, and be happy-" " Happy ! I feel so happy now. This morning I mus have dreamed that I was dying, I felt so weak and strange but now I am stronger, and I think God will let me see m; Reuben once again. I have waited so long, so patiently, am I knoio he is not dead. He may be ill-in prison ; perhap his troubles have driven him to drink. If it pleases heavei to direct me to him-only to see him and speak to him for moment-I am certain he will come back to me and be gooi again. But you didn't come to hear a poor crazy womal talk thus about her runaway husband, did you ? Ah, yoi must pardon me, Miss Grant, he has had no friends fo many a long day. Reuben wasn't always bad, and we mus consider, in judging him, what we ourselves might do if a] the world was turned against us." Mrs. Rafferty now appeared with a cup of rich chocolate which she had cooled before bringing up. "Take this, my dear," she said, raising the invalid up, am holding the vessel so that she might drink, but Mrs. Gra; feebly put it aside, and reclined backward. Tho effort sh had made proved too much, and closing her eyes, she fe! calmly into sleep. Katie's idea was that she had fainted which gave way at once on observing the full and regula breathing of the sleeper. It must have been about this time that Fred had starte down from King-street, as the first indications of the comin storm were noticed by the watchers, who heard the wim sweep past with whistling sound. An unceremonious knocl at which the sleeping woman moved uneasily, announced hi arrival. Katie, guessing who the caller was, explained to Mn Rafferty, and the two at once went down stairs, leavin Hetty in the room. It was quite as much as his siste could do to keep Fred from narrating how John had gone t sleep, and how surprised he would look when they returned but he managed to comprehend how matters stood after time, and continued his conversation in an under tone. Whe Katie told him that Dr. Brand had despatched a messenge to John, he was for going bai-k at once, but she restraine him, and he endeavoured to compose himself and wai awhile. Katie returned to the upper room, where MTS. Gray still j slept soundly. An hour passed slowly over, when a slight rapping roused Fred from his twentieth nap. On his opening the front door, the boy Patrick presented himself, dripping wet, and with the card that Dr. Brand had given him still in his hand. Slight as it was, the sound of his entrance was heard above, and Katie again came down. After , listening to the boy's recital of how he had found the lawyer's office door open, and knocked repeatedly without being able to obtain an answer, it was decided that Fred should return, and make all that had happened known to John, and also to convey to him the wishes of Dr. Brand. " If he's not still asleep, I expect he's offended because we did not keep our promise," said Fred, " and if that's the case," he pursued, in an assumed serious manner, " why Katie, he'll just go off for a month somewhere, and there'll be no wedding to-morrow, after all. All right, I'm off ; but wait till I light my pipe. I'm to come back for you and Hetty !" " Of course. Mrs. Gray is much better than the doctor expected she would be, and perhaps there'll be no occasion for me to stay all night. " Stay up all night ? I should think not ! Why, you'll look like a ghost in the morning. There, I'm off, and as soon as the doctor's confab is over, I'll bring his Highness down in less than no time. Ah, good evening, Miss Price !" he said to Hetty, who had crept down stairs nnhead, and entered the room noiselessly. Extending her hand, she returned Fred's salutation rather coolly as he thought, for without more ado he turned out into the street. "Katie," then said Hetty, "Mrs. Gray is awake again. Not so well, I fancy, now ; her manner is quite changed ! but she speaks so plain, I cannot think her raving. She talked of seeing Mr. Graves, when she was well just now ; then suddenly recollecting your wedding to-morrow, said you must go home at once and rest, so that you might look your best at the altar. So to pacify her, I promised her you , would go. " The sound of Mrs. Rafferty's voice calling them, startled both, and they instantly darted up stairs. There they saw the old woman quite terror- stricken, and heard Mrs. Grey bab- bling wildly of things strange to them-of England, and her husband, and the cruel women who came with her o'er the sea. The delirium vanished soon-so soon, indeed, that the women could hardly believe their senses, when the invalid opened her eyes, and said : " Still here, Miss Graut. You must forgive me for keep- ing you BO long, and go home now. Mind you appear like a bonny bride to-morrow, as they say in my country. I have nothing to give you but good wishes-which are sometimes better than gold. Alas ! I have found it so," Bhe moaned, and then rested, panting for breath. Seeing Katie still standing, Mrs. Gray resumed, "You will let me come and see you, won't you, when I'm well. Aud you won't be jealous of an old woman like me-now promise me, I want to speak to Mr. Graves about my"-Here a sudden fit of coughing stopped her utterance for awhile. Recovering her- self, she asked iu a voice growing gradually weaker, "Will you tell me what is Mr. Graves like ? I should so much like to see him." Miss Price looked towards Katie, and observing her confusion, was about to volunteer a description, but checked herself as Katie unclasped a brooch from her bosom, and held it out towards the sick woman. "What! a portrait 1" exclaimed Mrs. Grey, excitedly, "that is so much better. I like to see for myself, and you know ladies scarcely ever do their sweethearts full justice when describing them. Thank you,'' she murmured, as Katie raised her up and supported her in her arms. " Will you please hold the light there-j ust there-so that I may have a good look? So--Reuben" she wildly screamed, "ai last!" and, pressing the portrait to her lips, fell back lifeless. They sought to revive her, but without avail. Mrs. Graj was dead. Mrs. Rafferty had some difficulty in detaching from her rigid fingers Katie's brooch, which was stained with just one spot of bright red blood. How those three mourners wept aloud and prayed ir silence cannot be told. Truly sorrow fell upon one house hold that night, embracing more than dreamed of its ap proach. The shower which delayed John on his journey out t< Parramatta-street was falling steadily now, and Fred ¿ac quite enough to do to keep his pipe alight and his tempei from exploding at the same time, whilst pushing his waj against the storm. Arrived at King-street, he found th< door closed in the same manner as he himself had left it and doubted not to find the lawyer fast asleep. Amaze ment took possession of him when, after procuring a light he discovered the room tenantless, John's private drawei open, Katie's note lying where he had before seen it upoi the table, and several important papers scattered about in ¡ disordered manner. " It's just as I thought. The fellow's taken a huff at. ou want of punctuality, and gone off somewhere. He'll ge beery, I'll make a bet," which was the only mode of washinj out a slight that at the moment presented itself to th thoughtless Fred. " The worst of the thing is, I don't knov where to look for him," he growled, sitting down sullenly ii the lawyer's chair. Scarcely had he done so when the souu< of wheels stopping in front of the door were heard, and ¡ moment after Dr. Brand appeared, very pale and anxious. "Has Mr. Graves returned yet?" he asked in a shak; voice, seeing that the object of his search was not visible Then before Fred could answer, the doctor added, "Is tba Mr. Grant? Pardon me, I did not know. I called her before ; but the place was in darkness. Excuse the libert; I take; but if you know where Mr. Graves is, he must b found at once-a dying woman wishes to see him." " Mrs. Gray, you mean ; she's getting better, I hear, told John about her to-day-how she wanted him to find he runaway husband, and" "This proves it," said the doctor, half aloud : then t Fred with increased earnestness, " Do you know where h frequents. Search everj'where, and bring him back to m without loss of time. His life depends upon your prompti tude." "His life! Why, doctor, what do you mean? Hi life-" " Go, go man ; every minute wasted increases the dange a hundred-fold. I will stay here till you return. Do not b surprised if you see no light. I will be here." Fred did not wait to hear anything further, but lefl directing his course first to the lawyer's lodging. Dr. Bran ordered his coachman home, telling him he would be out al night; then extinguishing the candle, he sat down to wait Every sound in the street outside caused him to start an listen. Several times steps approached the door, only t deceive him ; for the travellers passed by without stopping their footsteps dying rapidly out of hearing. A policemai passed with heavy measured paces, after which it seemed a if no one else would ever walk that way. The nervou strain was fast becoming too much for his age frame-an increasing feeling of terror born out c the terrifying silence overcame him. At length when well-nigh exhausted by his lonely vigil, the welcom sound of some one hurriedly approaching caught his ears, an nerved him afresh. He listened very closely now. This tim ! he was nob mistaken. The man, whoever he was, intended to enter, for he mounted the stone step in front of the office I door. A moment more and he was in the passage, along I which, after closing and locking the door, he strode quickly. I Dr. Brand was about to move when the person brushed past i -almost touching him-to the window, the blinds of which ! were still up. These he lowered ; and returning to the table found the matches, and proceeded to obtain a light. As the taper illumined the apartment, Dr. Brand saw what he might well be pardoned for mistaking for the ghost of John Graves. If ever man bore in his living form the counterpart of death upon this earth, Dr. Brand looked on him in terror that night. He had been a surgeon over forty years ; yet never in his whole experience had witnessed so violent a change in so short a space of time. The old man did not attempt to move, but the terrible agonising sight caused him to tremble so much that the lawyer, who had Boated himself, heard it, and looking wildly in the direction from which it proceeded, exclaimed, " Dr. Brand ! You here 1" " Yes, John, thank God, I am :" he answered, mustering up all his. courage. "What is't you mean man? Is it murder ?" No sound came from the lawyer. He had swooned away. Fred returned just in the nick of time, to assist the old surgeon, who was too weak to effect by himself what was necessary to recover the new patient that had so unexpectedly fallen under his care. AU through this latter operation he answered not a word to the interrogations, " What was the matter?" "Had John been drinking?'' put a dozen times by the young squatter, who opened his eyes to their I uttermost limits when he saw Dr. Brand deliberately ' searching John's pockets, and take from one of them a small packet, which, after examination, he placed carefully in his own pocket-book. And when he became aware, by a slight shivering motion, that conscious life was returning to the helpless mass of humanity before him, he was still more j astonished at being peremptorily requested to procure some ' brandy and a cab. The first part of the order he aceom i plished in what he usually termed "less than no time," but ' the other portion occupied him fully a quarter bf an hour j longer. Entering the office again, he found the lawyer sobbing hysterically, and Dr. Brand endeavouring to j soothe him into quietness as a mother would her babe, i " Now then, Mr. Grant, oblige me by assisting Mr. Graves I into the coach," said Dr. Brand, when he had restored his j patient to something approaching calmness. This was done I without much trouble, the doctor entering afterwards, and taking John's head upon his shoulder to support him on the journey they were going. " Where ßhall we drive to ?" said Fred, in a whisper, after locking the lawyer's office door and putting the key in his ; pocket- "Home?" "No, to 97 Kent-street." "Why, that's Mrs. Grey's." "Yes, yes," petulantly interrupted Dr. Brand. "Drive on-quick-or the storm will overtake us. " The journey down did not take mány'minutes, as the reader may suppose. The first tap at the ^door brought to it Patrick, who quickly let them in; and while Fred remained in the parlour astonished at all that had recently Occurred, and endeavouring to discover some way out of the tangled maze in which he was involved regarding them, Dr. Brand led John up to the room above. One rapid glance informed him of all that had happened since he left ; but no one speaking, he commenced to ask-" Mrs. Grey-" " Is dead, sir," Mrs. Rafferty replied. "God's will be done," the surgeon said, with honest faith, and stood aside. Then swaying gently in the open door as sturdy pine tops sometimes trembling bend with noiseless motion during gusty days, his head uncovered and his eyes in shade, John Graves stood pale and wordless. He saw not out athwart the lurid sky the swift blue lightning marking snaky lines ; he heard not dancing in the dusty streets, the rain drops giving thirsty Nature drink ; ho knew not that a crashing thunder shock had stirred and rocked the house wherein he was. But in a waking dream of earlier days he lived in times and places both remote, saw things and persons memory always sees, learned how a sinful youth can taint and sting all age, and how a woman's love can outlive e'en her life. He only heard a plaintive pitying cry of "John ! John ! darling, why not tell me this ?" and knew that in the lighted room beyond a girlish form was resting very still, its wasted hands like waiting angels' crossed, its eyelids closed against the shifting lights of earth, its poor tired face turned pleading up to heaven. The reader asks two questions-Did Katie's wedding take place as arranged ? No- not till some long time after. Did Fred ever discover who was Reuben Gray? No, again-. that secret remained known to three persons only-Dr. Brand, Katie Grant, and Reuben Gray himself. 