Earth's Angels. InoYoi-Hil'th'nnjji-l except the' RAM and books; 1 Him t holleiofiniDrtiil ?«I'malimnui/W^viilaltii. We? ',',T»«»il«:,- misty, West'. «.»?»»"'.»wing» "r suits, in all manner times daughters Alma saniic'iiUntiiiiij-oly bright. But I decline earth's Russia Walk into his account gets. Jlmugh Wollstein but faintly I In..ii¡;li liuiv>-liikliil eyes, to see them as they leave his H «<» walked whereas here, Their iinguHiiKxt quite hidden JJe'Kiiiíü It IJvoil so near. . T kui lvineiiilK'i' might have seemed like criterion folks, Club attracted iukliliiucil bonnets. And fill a later ducks to life came a lion into disaster Crowned lunar home niMinii. Or young ulnhnaitiM nrutvilwl llieiluiriimteiiiaUap. With mining mum who oned To taketh away in, With patient love to listen To differs], sort of sin. What better thing could angels ' 1'ui'chililMi farmers do, Than star of their- story. And but! their direction, news I think of trouble again Upon a hill failed hair 1 hereslumenuorawtt f glory, and yet the camp was there T W tion tender love, Iniu-lieatteil, regard the wrongs it knew, And patient voice gives answer The days of li but through. Ah, no ! the cIiIIiIIhIi angel Who boulton HH I write ! Bernheimer 1 Plaintiff not know him In mystic robes of while. he went imthnollioy'KJiickot.yi And one must take, to me, iff'' Ah what we wilkin) lit twilight, his head against my knee. There are bent' another- again-. We oned ]ieicii.itiee know no Whom miles of heller glory Aroihiily being Him. With lining minds to guide us, With liningH]iei!L-li doctor. Had I not tell, me Iii tinnU Willie Reilly will in LOST ]Jj:i:iisiioi'.s r. Muslims The following letter has been sent to the AWio shiny I offer you the following lines on a member of Parliament, who voted on May 5 against closing public-houses on Sunday in Ireland, and who voted on May 19 in favor of closing museums on Sunday in England ; The event of 11 may be deadliest AH Tally and T Murray;" Keep (Mining and Public open while, hint that spell Millendon. The runs in good, mail pictures soil Both Unwin and lining,.., It 138-" The Subiaco Susan Ig, Saeieiltiillein-iiiul While I" Vol I in truly, the. House of Commons, S.W., May 20, ISM. AxLiwrrs ok Lin-dm-iiii.-In one of Land- seeds early visits to Scotland, he stopped at a village, and took a great deal of notice of the dogs, jotting down rapid sketches of them on a bit of paper. Next tiny, on resuming his journey he was horrified to find dogs suspended from the trees in all directions, or drowning in the rivers will stones around their necks. He stopped a weeping urchin who was burning off with a pet pup in his arms, and learned to his dismay that he was supposed to be an excise officer, who was taking notes of till the dogs be flaw in order to prosecute the owners for unpaid taxes. Another time he went to Portugal, and the King sent for him to express his admiration. "Ah, Sir Htlivin," snail 10s Majesty, "I am glad to see you. I am so fond of beasts 1" fossil lin.i.ixtis his (hostess hull is, about 5 foot 7 inches in Infill, and weighs from four to (i ounces, 'They; are on the masculine and feminine matter, but principally British. They ain't afraid of nothing, and will hung around a graveyard as causeless tin a schoolboy will around the orchard in green apple time. They are like a great many other things in this world often heard of, but seldom seen. I will give 1500 dollars to see it ghost, and 250 dollars more to own one ; but want otto caught whole and not bull. My friend T'luncits T. Binnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and all quarrel about the gender. Therefore, bring your ghosts, (ghosts all work dress in a. white itiLegovvii Bolt of a rug and are the ignites things that have over been trotted out your. Their ordinary gait w. it mile in a secure], but it is so for n put no boy can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in public for liiiiuny-prívalo lime is natives suspicion, Why don't some of our agricultural holsterer ussosiiishutiH offer a ghoul pass, free for all ghosts. It would draw like a mustard plaster- in the minds of August. He it would. IliUiThT (JniTiciM!.-If there is any one thing we admire it is candid, coutTeoiui, outspoken dramatic criticism. "The Western man" has a way of giving his views in this respect that is peculiar. A put confidence of Hamlet having recently taken place in Lafayette, Giuliani a, the. journalist of that place expressed himself about it in the following terms :-" I [must must have been remarkable man not to have gone mail in the midst of such characters as Ina aimless mother, the insipid and discordant Ophelia, and the noisily empty theories, as they were presented on this binge, Avro confess to a secret satisfaction at the poiHiinhig of the screen, who, roughing her cheeks, got a double dose on the end of her house and we experienced a malicious joy in The unskilful stabbing of Laertes, who deserved death if for no other remain than for his iiiinci'cntetl himunltiUous over a horse fiddle Sister, whose departure should have been to him a source of joy. The grave-digger did well, not only in his professional work but in effectually burying the ill-dressed Ophelia. YVo never attended a funeral with more pleasure." An acquaintance of a certain Scotch bailie Hindu it grievous complaint to him one day of the land lines and the impossibility of scraping together a livelihood in that wretched country. The battle's own experience run directly counter to those croakings, for his industry had realised a handsome competence : but he knew too much of the world to attempt proving to the corn plainer that his ill success might be pin by his own fault, the contented himself with remark- ing that it was merely possible for a tradesman to draw together a tolerable business). " Not in this country," his found repealed. "Well, then," said the battle, " what say you to emigra- tion I I have heard that some push their way west in Australia" " Yes," replied his despond- ing townsman, " that might be the case ance in a day ; but if there is business there, many folks are taken of Ulan can get a share of." " Well, it may be true you say," rejoined the traffic ; " but ye might yang further-yo might going up into the interior" "There's nobody there," said the grumbler, but kangarooS." The worthy magistrate, concluding that kangaroos were a tribe of native savages, among whom a careful pedlar might make indifferent good bargains-, replied, " Wael, a-week, and isn't a kangaroo's silver as gold is another man's ?" I'm; New York Times quotes from the" Journal of the Telegraph" an account of a marriage ceremony performed " over the wire with the minister at one end and the engaged couple at the other. At five o'clock, the hour fixed for the celebration, the officiating clergyman in the office at Keokuk (Iowa), of the Western Union Telegraph Company, received a telegram from the bridegroom and bride saying that they were lit the Telegraph office in Bonaparte (same State), and " ready to proceed." The followingmestage was then sent :-" Keokuk, Iowa, April 16, 1871. John Sullivan and Frances Uodovvn, Bonaparte, Iowa please join hands and take the pledge. William (J. Pratt" The following is a, copy of the pledge which had been left with, them You mutually and solemnly promised before God and the witnesses present that you will each take the one you hold by the hand to be your lawful and wedded comparison is that for~ Baking all others, you will cleave to each other in sickness, and in health, and perform all the duties of a faithful companion until you are - separated by death. If to this you agree, send me a message to this effect. Then came the response : Bonaparte, April 16, 1871 Wm. C Pratt, Keokuk AVo take the pledge John Svujvan, Farces Godovvx The concluding despatch was as follows Keokuk, Iowa, April 16,1S74.-John Sullivan and Frances Oodoxvn, Bonaparte, Iowa. By authority I pronounce you husband and wife, and may God bless you.. -AYm. C. Privett. A New York paper, in a fit of revolutionary enthusiasm, says, " Hurrah for the girls of '70 I' AVhoroupon a New Jersey paper remarks, " Thunder ! that's far too old ! do, no ! Hurrah for the girls of 17 !" 