A GHOST STORY. "From tkne to time -we have received,"] states the Shoalhaven News of a recent date,*' " startling- intelligence from Batuerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watchdog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. One night Williams's family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah with heavy-nailed boots. The dog, who appeal? to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause, of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder; but .finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all locks, bolts, and ban, entered the house, and Wil liams then saw the figure of a man, dressed in the garb of a busbman. It went to the bed where Mr. and Mvs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bedclothes off the bed, and lay down beside Williams^ who, how ever, could feel nothing when he put out hfe band to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a cross cut saw standing, which it sounded several times as if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terri fied state for some time, his ghostslnp de parted. Williams, avers that lie has seen this strange visitor several times since his location at 'Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, are reported to have seen similar, apparitions in the locality, and one gentloman'well-known in this district, who resided at one time in Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with & Manilla hat on, dressed in moleskin trouseffe'arid a" blue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when tire party referred to attempted to ascertain ivho'he was and what he wanted,-found that the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one of two sawyers had been found murdered in the, locality many years ago. • * Hubbt.—"* Yes,' said the clockmaker, ' we are all in a Lurry in the .States: we ©at in a hurry, drink in a hurry, and sleep ia a hurry. We^ all $ro ahead so fast, it keeps one full spring1 to keep up with the otherB, and one must go it hot foot if he lrants to pass his neighbors. Now it is a great comfort to have your dinner to the ininit, a3 yon do at a board in^-hoiiae, when you are in a "liurry, only yon roust look sharp -after the, dishes, or tou wont pet iftithing. -Things v&niMi; like wink. . I re collept once, when quails first came in that v seamn, there was an old chap at Pups boardin'-house that used to take tlw whole dish of 'cmy«npt.v'it on his^aie.andjjobhlp ?em pp Jik® "a-turkey-cock—no one else ever got none. 'We were all a £ood dt*al rvled at it, seein'-that he didn't pay no more' for Ilia dituifer' than u«, Ra 1 iricknnmod hi in ' Old Quail,' and it cured him : lie always left half after that for a scraiuh."—Judyc Halliburton. A Dkcided Libel.—We have no desire to be arauainted with the man (beyond all douVt a bachelor) wlio 'penetrated' the fol lowingt— s . j Nature, itapartial in lifer ends, When she made man the strongest, | In justice then, to'make amends, j Made 'woman's tongue the longest/' 