" 0M3ER THE PBLHT; j AT ALL SAINTS. Contents. — " Ritualistic High Cburch Friends" The Use of Symbols — Devotional Heartiness and Short Services — Pulpit v. Rostrum — Pro fessional Duties and Religious Character — Pulpit Exaggerations— The Effect of Publicity on Pulpit Oratory — Theories of Inspiration — Personal Characteristics. I suspect the Rev. Gregory must be one of the Rev. Mr. Wollaston's " Ritual istic High Church friends,", at whom he gave that sly parenthetical joke a few Sundays ago. If yon want confirmatory evidence, circumspice. Everywhere are signs of a churchmanship that, is not after the Trinity Church pattern. At the door yon are in formed in the choicest of ecclesiastical Latin in antique letters that the Sanctuary of All Saints was duly consecrated and licensed by the Right Rev. Father in God, Charles, first Bishop of Victoria ; and are reminded in plain English that the offertory goes to the maintenance of the priest, a word that I ven ture to say would make the Rev. Mr. Wol- laston stare and gasp. Inside, the Ritualistic element gets more pronounced. A couple of . vergers in long black girdled gowns flit about the pews ; a block wood cross rises from the communion table, from which depends a handsome velvet altar cloth inworked with a rich gold cross of another pattern, whilo the same Bymbol is visible on the book markers. In the corner is a temporary credence- table, on which repose the Bacred elements for the Lord's supper, carefully covered in snowy napkinB — everything chaste, orderly, and symbolic. And why not ? Why not have symbolism in the churches just as well as in the secular insti tutions of the country ? Its rationale is simple enough, and its vindication is as old as Horace. SegnJtis irritant animos demissa per aiyem, Quam qiue sunt oculia subjecta fidelibus. Ritualism is the object-lesson of religion, say it9 advocates. It is an attempt to employ the imagination in the formation of the re ligions life. "The use of symbols," says Emerson, "hasaoertoin power of emanci pation and exhilaration." Tho effect it pro duces is the effect produced by tropes, fables, oracles, and all poetio forms. The worship of the Jew was ritualistic in the extreme, and it must be'remembered that the Jew had his ritual dictated to him by the Divine Architect himself. Nothing was too great and nothing too small for the Divine direc tion — the candlestick of pure gold, the lamps, and snuffers and snuff-dishes-; the cloths of service of blue and purple and . scarlet, the curtains of the Tabernacle with their loops and Belvidge ; the coats of fine linen, and the ingredients of the anointing oil — what does this show but that the mo dern ritualist is not without a certain Divine sanction for the care that he bestows on the upholstery of his creed ? The principle of symbolism runs through all the institu tions of an Englishman — the Quocn's Crown and sceptre, the judge's awful wig, the Speaker's gown and mace, the courtier's star and garter, the soldier's cockade — what are they but embodiments of that emblem worship which seems to be an organic ex pression of the human mind in its devotional or reverential moods ? Ritualism means preaching by symbol, in fact, and whatever Mr. Wollaston and his party may say to the contrary, it is a kind of preaching that evi dently recommends itself to the congregation that crowded All Saints last Sunday, in spite of a fierce hot wind. If I was required to state in a word the outward characteristic of that congregation, I should say it was its de votional heartiness. The genuflexions were deeper, the attention heartier, and there was generally an air of profounder self- conscious ness throughout tho wholcservice. One expla nation of this may possibly be that the ser vice was a short one. It did not occupy an hour and a half from first to last, and last here includes the collection of seven pounds odd in shillings and half-crowns. I under stand that Mr. Gregory adopts the rubrical division, and very sensibly declines to sacri fice the feelings of his audience to that stupid spirit of ecclesiastical conservatism which resents the idea of liturgical reform as one of the deadly Bins, and will have the prayer-book, the whole prayer-book, and nothing but the prayer-book. . I see by tho Guardian's report on the Church of All Saints for 1873 that early communion is cele brated on certain Sundays of the month, and when it takes place at eleven the litany is said at three in the afternoon. The practice was not at all uncommon in some of the popular London churches last century. The sum of £19 appears to have been collected on these occasions during the past year, and an anouncoment in the report referred to states that "it is proposed to purchase silver communion vessels with these offertories." A recent writer in the Contemporary Review insists that a re-distri bution of the prayers of the English Church is the coming ecclesiastical question of the' day, and as showing the general re-action against making long prayers I may quote from tho London correspondent of the Dundee Advertker that even in Presbyterian circles the tendency is towards abridgement, one popular Presbyterian divine having done away withthe after-sermon prayeraltogether, and secured twenty per cent, more h'earora in consequence. Mr. Gregory, possibly with the Bame ob ject, leaves out the adulatory address that in most English churches precedes the- ser mon. He scarcely gave time on this occasion at least for the last echo of the choir to die away before he rattled out the text, too quickly, in fact, for my ear to catch it. I don't know what authority there is for the innovation, or rather whether there is any authority against it, but it reminded me that the Rev. Warcl Beccher in his admirable lectures on preaching, said he could never avoid a feeling of displeasure when he saw a man how himself down to pray on first en tering Ihe pulpit. " Walk into the pnlpit as you would into an ordinary drawing- room," is his advice to the young theolo gians of New Haven, Connecticut,! Perhaps I ought to say here that Mrj Gregory does not deliver his sermon from a pnlpit at all. He uses a common rostrum, an immense improvement upon the unsightly boxes or churns, from which nothing but the head and Blioulders are visible. "A man thinkB with all his body,' remarks tho authority I have just quoted,1 " His feet speak, and so do his hands. But in a pulpit all this magnetio influence is lost,' Ho squanders more than half his force be, hind a screen." My belief is that there is more in thiB remark than meets the eyej The pnlpit has killed Church oratory. - StJ Chrysoatom himself woold have been lost in a tub, and we shall never have great! preachers in the Church of England till we have the platform, where all the man can speak, and all his audience can see him aiyl feel his influence. ' The text on which Mr. Gregory based the fifteen minutes' remarks he addressed to his congregation last Sunday was taken from the fourth chapter of St. Paul's second Epistle to Timothy, 10th and 11th verses— | " For Demas has forsaken me, having loved this present world. Only Luke is with me/'j No man mounts the pulpit I suppose with out having a definite reason why ho selects one subject rather than another, or why:ho puts it in one form rather than another,1 But I confess I can see no reason why Mr,4 Gregory should have discoursed from this text, unless that it happened to have been included in the epistle of the day. Nor do I know that he had any particular lesson ov moral to inculcate by it, except that a reference to one feature in St. Paul's charac ter, noticed, by the way, by Mr. Handheld a providing things honest in the sight! of man as well as in the sight of God gave him tho opportunity of making - a passing tribute to tho memory of somo recently deceased parishioner, who, I sup pose, had shown cvidenco of possessing the Pauline characteristics in liis double re lations to the church and tho counting- house. The general drift of the sermon was to show that a man may discharge his pro fessional duties as a citizen without injury to his religious character. St. Luke was a physician, yet he found time to write tho gospel that goes by his name, a3 well as tho Acts of the Apostles. Mr. Gregory called him a voluminous writer, but I don't sup pose that the description is intended to con vey the modern sense of the word. Ad mitting, as even Eenan admits, that ho wrote the Acta of the Apostles, tho literary labor bestowed on them would certainly not be equal to the composition that is expected of Mr. Gregory himself during the course of a single year. iBut these pnlpit exaggera tions are a part of tho pulpit. They are among the defects of the Institution. lb has been well said that sermons would bo free from most of them if tho clergy were only liable to a reply. But, as Voltairo pithily observed, the modern preacher is fivo feet above correction. No critical vigilance can reach him, and ho falls into a habit of laxity of expression and dogmatism of asser tion from the mere want of contradiction, An arbitrary dealing with doubtful facts,1 and an assumed mastery of disputed pro blems comc3 naturally to him, and his sense of infallibility grows by what it feeds upon,' Ho rolls out his paradoxes in. solid columns without tho infirmity of a doubt, mainly because nobody has any right to - doubt him openly. As Pope sings, "dullness is sacred e'en in a sound divine," and he knows it,' The unquestioned right of being dull is tho one charter which tho pulpit gives him, and the congregation cannot wrest from him. Pity it is so. Mr. Bright has a favorite phraso about Americanising our institutions. In America the popular clergyman enjoys no such immunity from outside observation. " Our own reporter " follows the preacher as eagerly as he dog3 the politician. Sunday's sermons appear regularly in Monday's news papers, and tho fierco light of publicity beats upon the pulpit a3 well as on tho rostrum. AVhy shouldn't wo adopt the samo practice? I am quite sure tho effect would Tie beneficial both to the preacher and hia audience. It would extend the area of hia influence, if ho was capable of exercising any ; and if ho was not, his congregation would very soon be apprised of tho fact. Members of Parliament speak in order that their speeches may be read, and the reflection always exercises a salutary effect upon what they say. Would not the preacher take a little more pride in his business if his church or chapel contained a reporters ' gallery as well as an organ loft? The short-hand writer, lot me say, is no new thing at Service We are indebted to him for most of Origen's sermons, who was an extempore preacher, and had hi3 Tachugraphos to take down hia words ; and the late Dr. Doran, in his en tertaining volumes on Saints and Sinners, referj to "a well-known minister of the present day who preaches against desecration . of the Sabbath, but who employ b a short hand writer to stenograph hia sermon.'.' I \- have seen it stated that Robert Hall, who was a great invalid and confined a great part of bis time to his sofa, used to first get his sermons by heart, deliver them to the con gregation, and then verbatim repeat them to a reporter for publication. "When Wilber- force was told of the habit, he called it the \- -viviparous mode of producing a sermon ; that . is, by a direct or living birth, a3 opposed to . ."the oviparous process, where the written MS. represents the egg. It seems at one time to have been the fashion to take notes. Readers of the Spectator will remember how Ralph Wonder gazes with disgust at the . young lady of the period, who, instead of re turning his glances, ."keeps her eye fixed upon the preacher, setting down the sen tences in one of Charles Mather's fine tablets, and showing at once her fine hand, the gold pen, her readiness in writing, and her judgment in choosing what to write.' , And the author of a Century of Birmingham r Life gives an extract from a local paper (a.d.1771), in.whichthe following scene in a Birmingham Chapel i3 delineated: — "A person in the table pew seemed anxious to -. briDg. away the . sermon, but the preacher objecting, called out, 'I don't allow anyone .'to, write after me.' .The writer took no . jioticG, . and the minister again called out, / Take the pen from the man's hand.' The ; parson's mandate, was obeyed. Two persons arose, and, after much struggling, the pencil was wrested from him." The scene is de scribed as haying taken place in a Baptist Chapel, and I record it mainly for the pur pose of contrasting the change that has .come oyer, the relations pf the preacher with . the public of tbo present day. To return, however, to Mr. Gregory. There was nothing in his sermon which he . need have been afraid of the goneral public hearing and criticising, if publicity were strictly tbo fashion. It was very much of the same type as Mr. Handfield's— short, 'practical, humanising rather than spiritualis- . ring.- The thoughts and expressions flowed naturally from the text, and- there wa3 only > -a hitch to the general smoothness of the , 'delivery, when the speaker paused for a mo- ' ment to explain his views of. the inspired \- writers' relations in a human sense to their writings. -'Some people," he said, "con tend for the verbal inspiration of scripture, a theory which would make the historians of "the New Testament mere transcribers from the dictation of the Holy Spirit. Others be ' lieve that the Holy Spirit left each writer to make use of his natural gifts, and only in terfered to keep them from going' wrong, the T63ult being to impress the writings with their several individualities. The Church \- has published no dogma on the subject." Though I am not sure that Mr. Gregory stated his own opinion, it was easy to see that he was in favor of tho more liberal in- \- terpretation. In other words, I take it he is not what i3 called a bible infalli- blist. ,He would not assent to the rigid tlieory which insists that oven the vovrol points and Hebrew accents are in. spired, and that when St. Paul wrote that : he had left his coat at Troas he was as much (it the vital dictation of the Holy Ghost as when he was propounding and expanding the sublimities of the resurrection dogma. His opinion seems to be that of Stillingfleot, who said that in matters of history the writers of the Bible did not require inspira tion, but were left to their own knowledge- Or, for anything that' I can infer from his rather negative way of putting it, he may even an as far a3 the late Dr. Rowland Wil- . Hams himself, who got himself prosecuted for his contribution to the famous Essaijs and ftcvicws, and who held that by inspira tion is to be understood, not tho infallibility of. the Bible, but the fact that its authors were moved .by the Divine Spirit, who is everywhere, and at all times, the source of all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just works. In this sense inspiration is the Divine source and law of all truth and ex- eellence, and is therefore not to be limited to any given time, or to any particular church or nation. Tho Hindoo has it as well as the Christian. If this is Mr. Gregory's view, it is clear that High Churchism at AR Saints is not inconsistent with a certain liberality and- breadthof interpretation; and that while the ; Ritualist is a stricter Rubrician than the Evangelical, the current of his thoughts \- flow more in harmony with the great stream of tendency outside him. Personally Mr. Gregory is not what could be called a popular preacher. "What does the populace care about dogmas of inspira tion? His style is scholarly and cultivated, " like that of his school generally, but his 'Manner- is pervaded by an unpleasant air of self -consciousness, . which indeed seems to be inseparable from tho profession of preacher.; and liis enunciation is spoiled by an organic defect which apparently prevents him from pronouncing certain combinations of con sonants as clearly as a voice-dividing animal should. I suppose I ought to add, for Mr. Wolla3ton's information, that he did not wear cither cope, hood, or biretta, but only a nakfd and unadorned surplice, though whether lie subsequently put on any eucha- ristic vestments for the administration of the -sacrament is more than I can say. He wears his beard long, indeed, and that would have -been heresy in the diocese of Roohester a few years ogo, when Dr. YYigram issued a pastoral to his clergy directing them to keep their chins shaved. However, the Vicar- General of the Church in Victoria has not pressed the barber into the service of ortho doxy, whatever else he may have done. Nothing that he can do, or omit to do, I suspect, will lessen tho popularity of AR Saints with its congregation. The attend ance outstrips the accommodation, and some two hundred applicants for pews are waiting patiently till the church i3 enlarged to hold them, by the beginning of next year. 