masks and faces. ; ;> : i : No. 28— A COMEDIAN. Few if any, of oar comedians have been longer or better known on the boards than Mr Henry Biohard Harwood, the subject of onrsketoh ; and ater muoh experience of him, we must admit that if be is not the very best Australian aotor, he is; tod has during several years proved one of -the most useful. Like many other gentlemen who have been moBt suooe|sful in the profession in trbioh he has figured so prominently, he was not originally cut out for it, but began life by studying architecture and building in London, his native 0ity. However, he at a very early age addieted , himself to " amateur theatricals," and frequently appeared before the footlights previous to hi« arriral in this country in 1852, when he commenced business as a builder and contractor. Tferee years later he w»s in Sydney, when the late G- V. Brooke made his first appearance there, and under this great aotor Mr. Harwood pUyed bis firBt engagement. The care and at tention which he displayed soon promoted him to Ihe post of assistant stage manager, and after this the progress he made was unusually rapid In 1856 he was selected as "juvenile man and i»age msDager for a company in New Zealand, and he shortly afterwards played during some fow moBtbs in Launoeston. Then, and not till then, came he to seek fame in Viotoria, hie first appearance in this colony being at Ballarat, which then supported three theatres within b stone's throw of eaoh other, not to talk of cmoert halls innumerable Mr« Harwood next went to Geelong, where he was , very successful in the equestrian line, play ing Mfzeppa, Dick Turpin, and other kindred rdles. Whilst there his quickness of study and general adaptability attracted the attention of Mr. G. V. Brooke, who offered him a Melbourne engagement, id the course of whiob be played. many long and .repp-neibJc parte in s T ry creditable manner.' He has ever einco been connected with the leading companies in Mel- bmrw, and has teverai times been appointed tage manager. On the failure of the Hoskine season, Mr Harwood, in conjunction with Messrs. Lambert, Vincent, Bellair, and others, became one of lbs managers of the Theatre Royal, and f mains so to the present day. Frem the bloodiest of tragedy to the broadest of bur lerqte, there is scarcely a line which he has not walked, and, saying Hamlet and the Little Osptive Ring, scarcely a role be has net played with more or less satisfaction to those in front. As Polonius, he has been many times. lt-bbed behind the arras ; as the Ghost, he has walked the battlements until he must certainly Ime been tired of the exercise; as Richmond and ai Macduff he has roared and ranted, to the very great delight of gods end groundlings. Hit greatest successes in the more serious lines were— Count KiratefF, in " The 8erf j" Riwdon Soudda more, in " Hunted Down j" and Holofernes, in H Lore's Labour Last." But far more successful was he in eccentric comedy. His Micawber, sad Mo Davis, in <l The Flying 8oud,' will not soon be forgotten ; and coming to broad bur-, ieeque, hit Cassandra, in the C( Siege of Troy," will long be remembered. £n farces he is always amusing, ani in boaffe his Cabriolet, in the " Princess of Trebizondr," was the best thing of the kind ever seen in Victoria, and the saying, " Keep your Eye on your Father," has become a household word. A paragraph having appeared in the morning Jurnals to the effect that the hon. member for Horth Melbourne, Mr. Munro, had, at a meeting of tho Outer Oirole Railway League, held en Wednesday, stated that the Government had definitely resolved upon the adoption of an outer oirole line to oonnect the metropolis with the frpps Land line of railway at Oakleigh, a some what novel proceeding was taken by Mr. Patterson in the Assembly on Thursday, in questioning the hon. member as to the authority upon whioh the statement was made. There was much laughter sroked, particularly so when Mr. Munro, with Considerable gravity, rose and begged the hon. member to give notioe of his question. This Mr. xatterson did, oouohing his motion in the form Of Sr.? kn. member for North Melbourne, «r. Munro, whether the Government bajd «sfinitely resolved upon an outer oirole line of muway, but he afterwards withdrew it. Mr. JWxon subsequently attempted toelioit an ex- Pmnatioa from Mr. Monro on the subjeot, but wssequally unauooesafuL BtarandGar- of - . roaid, Richmond, for the purpose who will dotheirbeat to a ly" 1 Bosieto asM.P. but ¥. 10 .attendance was not large, of lllSSi y" i®1 theyuspes & 5® on the executive feJested -p- Wftuisiiil getiemynwere 