Parliament divided on Thursday night last on Mr. Combes' amendment condemnatory of the proposed release of Gardiner and twenty.bree of hia favored confederates id crime. The votes for and against tho amendment being equal, the casting vote of the Speaker having been given with the ' noes,' the amendment was thus lost. It ujigiiL uu ottiu, buuiciuru, tuut tuo amenuuiouG virtually answered its purpose, it being only legally defeated, not morally. The Oovernmeot, or the opponents of the amendment, could not carry their point without tho aid of the Speaker's Voio, which, according to the established custom, was bound to be given in favor of tho motion, it being an almost invariable rule for casting votes/in Parlia xnonts eapeoially, to be given against amendments. Morally speaking, therefore, the supporters of the amendment aohieved a victory against its oppo nents, who included the full iorce of the Ministry. The whole of this Parliamentary ' dead heat' asd commotion, however, does not affect the opinion and feelings of the general public on the qaes'ion at iasae. And, as regarded the amendment being negatived, it requires bat a person of small obser vation to be aware that such an expression of opinion on the part of Parliament was in direot opposition to the views of an overwhelming majority of the people of tho country. Unfortu nately, however, the Assembly appears to be iuoapable of discussing any matter of importance without making such a party question, and a bone of contention, between the ' ins' and ' outs.' This appears clearly to have been the casa on the present ocoasion. The terms, tenor, and ev'dent ntent of tho amendment was to expre-s the disapproval of the House of the pro posed release of Gardinkb and hi? gang, now confined in Darlinghurst Gaol. The spirit of the amendment, however, would seem to have been lost sight of to a great extent by its supporters and opponents. Tho members of the Opposition nppear to have lookod upon the amendment as a lever by which they might probably succeed in hoisting the Ministry out of plaoe and power. This was quite evident to have been the inteation, . judging by the remarks of Mr Garret? imme diately after the division. Nor was the Government and their supporters differently minded in the matter. They also made the amendment a party question, though the Premier said the Ministry would . have taken no notice of it, had they been placed in a minority on tbo division, although be was free to admit that it might lead to embarrassments after wards. In this political clamour to retain and obtain position and pa; in the Assembly, a large number of votea wore given on Thursday night, more for and against tho Government, than for the purpose of expressing an opinion as to whether or not the House disapproved of the proposal 10 release twenty-four of the greatest scoundrels that ever ocoopind cells in any gaol in this oolouy. From first to last, the amendment Bbould have been dealt with npon its merits, irrespeciive of any political or party considerations whatever. H d ? it called for an expression of opinion upon the conduct of the Governmeat in not advising tbo Governor as to whether or not be should release Gardiner and the twenty-three other criminals, it would then have assumed a political aspeot deserving tho combined efforts of the Ministry on the one eido and tho Opposition on tho othor Such was not the faot, however. Tho nmond mont only went so far as to call for a record of tho individual opinion o members for and against, the proposed releiso of those prisoners. It is hard to say wuotli'r tho G v-rntuent or the O,ip' sitio i is m si to blnmo for their notions and rv dont intontio is in this matter. The conrse purBuud by tbo Ministry, howovcr, in this instanco has dono more to damago their official roputation than has anything with which they have had to do bdoo (ley hava Leld offico. In tho first place, they fchould have acted upon tho Clearly oxprosB -d instructions of tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, and havo advised itis Excellency the Governor, as was their du'y to do, respecting the petitions for the release of Gardiner arid other prisoners. ' They declined to take this stop, how ever, and for their attitude in that roipect they deseive severe pablio censure, considering all th ? circumstances surrounding it. And on Mr Paukes, as Colonial Seoretary, tests nearly all tho blame in the mattor, he being the member of (be Ministry who should have taken aotion in advising the Governor as to what decision he ebould arrive at. Bat while Mr Parkes ilec'iucd te advise His Excellency, he admits having bad ' a conversation' wih him on the Bubjoot of Gardiner's proposed release, and that ' conversation' appears to have lod Sir Hercules to beliovo that he (Mr Parkes) was favourable to tho prayer of the potitions. Altogether the action of Mr PaJrkes, in attempting to fix the whole responsibility in the mattor on His Excellency, is most discreditable to him bb a man and a Premier, and resembles very rnuoh in obaract r the ' Kiatna Ghost' and Butler bamboozle movemonta of the same gentleman on formor occasions. The roBult is that Mr Parkes and his Ministry have brought publis odium upon 'hemselves in the present instance, and odium which has been fully vented, and that has forfeited the prestige whioh the Government previously possessed. We hare no sympathy with the vehement and would-be virtuous denunciations of the Ministry, uttored or ' bowled away' by Mr GarreTT, as so gracefully expressed by Mr Nelson, but we believe, at tho same time, that their days as a Government may be con sidered numbered from the poriod of their conaur able action, or raihor their inaotion, respecting the exercise of the Prerogative of Pardon. 