DEGRADING SUPERSTITION. Last week one of our friends found lying on the street a small parcel which had evidently been carefully nursed or bosomed by. some Romish woman, and doubtless dropped by her on her way to or from the sacred and special services of last week at St. Mary's Cathedral. When opened our friend beheld the priceless treasure of four "scapulars," white, brown, red and blue, with devices of the Sacred Heart, pictures of Mary and her child, neatly worked and sewed on by the holy fingers of the sisters of religious houses ; one small medal which when new must have looked like silver, but was made of baser metal, with a figure of the Virgin of La Salette, and some reading round ; and one curious round thing made of pasteboard and silk, carefully sewed round the edges, with a loop for hanging the affair round the neck, and, within the folds of this pasteboard and silk about the size of a shilling, there was carefully wrapped up in paper, wonderful to tell, and of priceless value, a small piece of the toe or finger nail of some saint ! ! All these precious things are the genuine articles of some Romish devotee; the precious things which are sold to women and girls at Romish bazaars, as made by religious sisters ; and they are all on sight at the Standard office for the purpose of satisfying the doubtful. We shall be glad to see and converse with the pel-son who has been so unhappy as to lose them. It is impossible to deny the Pagan origin of these scapulars and charms. Old Pagan, Rome and Greece had such charmed rags or metals round their body to keep evil spirits from them, and to. please the good gods ; and Papal Rome accommo dating herself to Pagan superstitions for the sake of gaining extension and power, adopted them by giving them Christian names and meanings. But the brutal degradation in the thing is appalling in this nineteenth century. To think of Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop Polding, and the rest of the priesthood countenancing this idolatry and superstition makes one doubt their moral .honesty. Yet they bless these old rags, medals, and toe nails, and give indulgences to the miserable creatures who wear them next their skin, promising them so many hundred years of repose from the pains of purgatory ! These scapulars ; represfnt ; so ' milch money. Yes, money is the object.- They are made by the "religious and sold for money; Those "religious " women who are supposed fo be . so 'devoted to prayer and works of charity, are busy with their scissors clipping out the square pieces of rough flannel of white, brown, red, or blue ; with' their needles aird sewing machines to sew the picture on calico or silk upon the flannel ; and with their pen and paint and pencil to daub the "hearts" with colour,' and write underneath devout exclamations. By tliis craft they get part of their living. They are as bent on the cash as the silversmiths of Ephesus Avere when they made and sold their shrines of their " blessed Virgin," the goddess Diana. What these scapulars Avere sold at Ave can not tell, ;but they were sold ; the money Avas extracted from some ignorant, priest- led devotee by the smiling sisters as giving a " little of , the dust of the earth for heavenly treasure ;" and the sum total of this money getting must be a'ery great in the course of time, as one person has felt it necessary to be charmed and protected and blessed with so many as half-a-dozen pur chases. These scapulars represent so much false hood. What is the pretence 1 It is , said that they have miraculous powers. They can protect the Avearer from evil spirits. They can drive off devils. They can subdue evil desires and thoughts. In fact, they have virtues in them Avliich so bless the wearer that die or she has a fund of merit in conseiquence before God. But the pretence is Avholly false. They have no more virtue in them than other rags. They have accumulated dirt — they have bad smells from being Avoi- n next the skins of not very clean persons— and they have poor paint and Avorse pictures; but all this is rank imposture and falsehood, when priests and sisters and nuns palm it off as piety and blessing — -the religion of holy Scripture. These scapulars represent so much rob bery. It may be said that they are sold. The sisters offer them for so much money, and those who believe in them pay the money and get the ware. No one is coerced— the buying and selling are entirely voluntary ; but Avliile this is true in a certain sense, it is simple robbery to sell a rag as a disease-charming-rag Avliich has no more power to charm diseases than the common rag Avhich is to be got on the dunghill. The Avhole traffic is a getting of money by the meanest false pretences. The poor girls and Avomen ai-e cheated out of their money. They are told wonderful things about Mary and her power in heaven ; and the lies are bought. They are told that Mary has special blessings for those who wear her scapulars. "Our Lady of Mount Carmel's " broAvn rag scapular, is said to have wondrous Adrtue, and great indul gences are granted to those who wear it ; the poor bewitched creatures buy the brown rag for the ake of the indulgences.- The " white Sacred Heart scapular " has now eclipsed the Mount Carmel lady's; and the silly women purchaser think it best to wear both for the making of' the indul- gences sure ; and hence more money finds its way to the priests. But is not all this robbery — the very robbery Avhich the Government of England sought to put doAvn by its many Iaavs against " bequests and grants for superstitious purposes ?" It seems strange to us that the law should prohibit lotteries and gambling, and be powerless in prohibiting this priestly fraud. It is a strange anomaly to prosecute the rascal avIio invents lying schemes for raising money, under the charge of "obtain ing money ' under false pretences ; " and these priestly plotters of both sexes avIio thus cheat and deceive for the purpose of raising money are spoken of softly as gentlemen and ladies ! Lastly. These scapulars' represent so much' blasphemy. W e conclude our article with an extract from a French .Avork of Romish devotion, called, " The excellence of the devotion of the Holy Scapulary ; a very instructive Avork ; in which is ex plained the character Avhich distinguishes the holy habit ; its origin ; the graces Avhicli it bestows; the duties which it imposes ; and the indulgences with Avhich it has been enriched by the Sovereign Pontiffs " : — "Formulary of the general absolution and plenary indulgence granted by the Sovereign Pontiffs to the brethren Avhen in the article of death :— I remind the brethren that this indul gence has the power to remit sin, riot only in re ference to its guit, but also as to its punishment, and to restore the soul to the same state of innocency in Avhich it was placed by baptism, so that a brotliea avIio shall'have received it will go to heaven without passing through pur gal, org. I have thought it necessary to remind tliem of this in order to shoAV them Avitli ivhat contrition tlioy ought to revere it :: — The sick man clothed Avith the scapulary having repeated the con- fiteor, if he be able to. repeat it, or otherwise, one of the assistants may ; repeat it for him, the confessor shall say, God Almighty have com passion on thee, and forgive thee all thy sins, deliver thee from evil, preserve tliec, and confirm tliee iri every' good Avork, and bring thee to eternal life, Amen. The Lord most mighty and merciful grant thee the pardon, absolution and remission of all thy sins. Amen. "The confessor shall then add. . . . And I the uiiAvorthy minister and servant of Jesus Christ Himself, our Lord, and by the authority of the holy Apostles Peter and Paul and of the Holy Roman Church ; through the pm-ileges granted to the brethren ' and associates of the most Holy Mary of Mount Carmel, by the Sovereign Pontiffs, as far as I am able, and ought, I pronounce thee to have full pardon and the remission of all thy sins. ... "Again, the sick man having invoked the names of J esus and Mary, the priest is to say — By the same authority I exempt tliec from all negligence, if thou hast committed any, by deferring that sacred habit" — (the broivn rag Avliich may be seen at 377 Pitt-street " — ( " and I declare and signify thee to be a creature of God absolved here and before the tribunal of our Lord Jesus Christ from all the punishments due to thee in pimjatory on account of the sins ivliicli thou hast committed against the goodness of the true and living God, and I pronounce thee to be restored to . the innocency . with' Avliich thou Avast invested in baptism by the sacred Avashing of the Saviour. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." Now, Avliat is all this but sheer blas phemy 1 There is a a'ileness too about the blasphemy Avliich makes one shudder. What is the moral feeling ? Avliat is the honesty 1 Avhat is the piety of the Avretclied men . and Avomen who have the hardihood to utter these audacious and blasphemous assurances to dying blinded fanatics as the merit of Avearing these miserable rags for Avliich they may t haire paid some five or ten shillings 1 Contempt is too good for them. 