United Free Mletlodist ClIurcIi. TIIE ihliversary services of the above church were celebrated on Sunday, the Oth inst., when sermozn were preached to excellent congrega tions, in the mornlugby the Rev. Mr. Westacott (minister of the church), and in the afternoon and evening, by the Rev. Mr. Webster. On Monday the usual tea meeting was held in the chapel, when. about one hundred persons partook of an excellent tea, provided by the ladies of the congregation. After tea, the usual public meeting was held, when Mr. Edward I'erkin, of Burwood, was voted to the chair, who, in an appropriate speech, opened the proceedings of the evening. The" JIev. Mr. WVEBsTEI expressed the great pleasure he felt in meeting them on the pre sent occasion, and hoped that the result of their efforts would bring prosperity to the church, and that the pastor would have abundant reasons to labour energetically in the cause of God.-Mr. S. Monris followed in a fitting speech, in which he spoke of his love for liberal Methodism, and above all for his desire to see souls saved, which, after all, was the great and most important work of the church.-llev. Mr. KENsY reminded the audience of the great blessings by which they were surrounded at the present day; but he could n'ot help thinking,after all, many of thel e blessings were not appreciated, and many were still going on the wrong road.-Mr., ALLEN spoke of the desirability of an outpouring of the Holy Ghost, as it was much needed at the present day.-Mr YourL spoke of the great drawback to our civilisation and Christianity by the intemperance of the age. He thought the question worthy the attention of every man who desired the welfare of his race.-llev. Mr. WESTACOTT expressed his pleasure in meeting so many of his friends. oe believed in liberal Methodism, as it was in keeping with the spirit of the age. He also wished fir more spiritual liberty, and thought the best way to obtain it for Gospel. He hoped all would con tinue to work for the accomplishment of so good an end.-Several select pieces were sung during the evening, when the meeting was brought to a close about ten o'clock by the usual votes of thanks.-The gross proceeds of the anniversary for the year is about £30. 