the novelist. OUT Ot COURT.* A NOVEL. n<r Mas. Casbbl hoet. Vol. IIL -The Gospel chocks the law that throws the stone.4 -Tueuospw The Ring and the Book." Chapter XL the 'lotus. Many months have passed since Blanche wag told who had gone down in the City of Boston steamship, when she met her mys terious doom. To Blanche itseems as if years rather than months had gone by. After ail it was not Marcia who told her, it was Miss Keith. When her beloved niece ar rived at Famey, the old lady observed that she was looking ill, and harassed, and when they had all except Blanche heard what was her solemn errand, she declared she must not fulfil it. ■■ ... "No, no, my dear," she, protested. "You are too much knocked up, I can see that, and you must spare yourself a little. Be', sides, it will be easier for her to hear it from me. She used to think me a grim old bore in hyegone days, but she likes me now, and tells me many a little feeling of her heart that Bhe does not tell you younger folk, well as she loves you. Let me tell her, and let her say her Bay and cry her cry well out to an old woman like me, then yon can take up the comforting of her." Marcia, who felt less equal to this task than to any it had everbefallenher tofulfil, ac quiesced, and Miss Keith, with a stoical ex terior which imposed npon no one, went her way to Blanche's cottage and told her the whole story. She had judged rightly; the terrible trutn, fraught as it was with a terrible relief, which must make itself speedily felt, was better told by her, and Blanche gave way more freely in her _ presence to the con tending emotions with which it filled her heart. But this had happened many months ago, and it was long since Godfrey Compton's name had been uttered, even in the closest and most intimate confidences of Marcia and Blanche. A short time after their fiist meeting, at Liverpool, Blanche heard from Marcia all the particulars of Lord Farney's in terview with Compton, and learned the condi tions on which the latter had consented to marry her. It was not very long after she had been told of the great release which had come to her, before Blanche remembered all that Compton's death implied to Mucus. He was loosed from his plighted word now, by a far different freedom from that which was in the thought of the man to whom he had pledged it His enemy was out of his way, gathered to the nameless dead, and he was free, alike from the man who had wronged, and from the woman who had betrayed him. How would he use his free dom ? How was it that she, though ignorant of the promise that had been extorted from him, had never thought of, never before feared, his contracting a second marriage ? She did not know, she could not solve mat problem, but so it was. And now? Now the dread took possession of her, and pursued lier, and haunted her, until it forced every* thing but itself out of her mind.. She began to live in an agony of apprehension of hear ing that Marcus was going to marry. She was most ingenious in arguing for the pro bability—indeed, the inevitability—of . the realisation of her own fears. His position in life, his title, his wealth, his own sad domestic history, and the terrible -stoty of the iftwt Lord Frampton and his son, the pressure of public opinion, the voice of society, his sense of duty to the name and place he had inherited, and the traditions which centred in him. Over and over again it&e; reiterated to herself all these reasons why the thing she dreaded must inevitably happen. And she suffered all the more because on this point she- was absolutely silent. Not a word of it had die ever breathed to Matcia, or to Lady Farney, who had severally noticed that of late she never alluded to Marcus, or made any effort to prolong the subject when they did so; or as she had been used to do. She asked no •questions now, and when they mentioned' him she listened in trembling silence and with a prayer in.-her heart for external, forth tudeto endure the announcement which she always believed to he coming. So over whelming did this sbtoto of suffering tepidly become that it was a relief to her when Marcia and Mite Keith went to London in the apring, and she reniained 'With only her uncle and Mary. She knew, she" mute leave them soon: the' doctor, whose wont was law at Castle Farney,- and who, after' her hus band, was the greatest .and wistetof teen in Mary's eyes, had. fold'.theni plainly thkt at the end of the aufcOmn shemilirt he taken to a warm climate for the whole of the winter. Marcia had therefore made' up her mind that die should winter in Algiers, and all her arrangements were made with that purpose in view. Blanche was Sid not much matter. 1 Buts^ateA^teb! her days and weeks at Faraey, like one telling out a treasureforteevitebleconsump tion, and she grew more and mote attached *°B1» ^ ' provoked "no the children had always beenm'thehabttof frequenting the laoe^ohool, ited tt'teas tedl. known to be Miss Esith'sHEavourite haqte, «o that when they were ytey tench --- after school boote, and-the "strange wm very much up.at the .Castle. ■wondered. ThaT # ',bote ladr ttu to -bo fted to b^mployedus a teacher in Lady Faraey's schools not should he none the legs ."tewgentry," and entitled „ te suitable delmsr^ waii iwr&ps; mOre teadily compte^TaSu id eh Irish than it " would , have beenlh anEngiishOstaWish nient of the Bame rank, and Blanchehadto take n6 ami ma" •fnun-- " th' unworthy." to win at once the oonstituents and the uenote The memory of her mother had had no small share In inducing Lord Farney to permit Mary'? plan for Blanche to bo carried out; his other motives were, a good deal of resent ment towards Mts.MacMahon, ahd of fed* ingthat he ought to do something to lessen Marciasself-imposed taak, and a moderate portion of affection for his nieoe. Bat Blanche won upon hira by degrees, and he was the first to notice howstrangely and rapidly, her health broke after the news of the loss of the City of Boston reached her, He nrobably saw more clearly because she was leas frequently with him; and what he saw pnrzled him not a little. The wasting, die fever, the changeful spirits, the restless feebleness—all these symptoms, which had been arrested for a time, set in again, just when the grand moral cause of her illness was removed. Lord Farney confided hisobserra dons to Mary, and Mary verified them by the aid of her own. There could be no doubt about it: Blanche was worse daring those beautiful summer months—the season was an unusually fine one—than she had been in the trying winter season, For some time after Blanche's establish, ment in the pretty cottage by the river-side a pretence, at least, or her fulfilling her ostensible functions was maintained;, and she had been well pleased to draw patterns, and place bobbins, and show small dexterous fingers how tomake stitches seemingly hope* less of execution. But this was all relin quished now; the. advanced pupils were teaching the yonnger ones, and doing with out teaching themselves. Sometimes three or four dayB in succession went over, and Blanche never entered the little schoolroom, and Lady Farney made but hurried visits to the pupils, going almost immediately upstairs to see poor Mrs. Cunningham. It was under stood that she. was going away for the winter, being too " wakely " to bear the cold, and-then some one " fine an' ethrong " would be found to replace her; and. to be sure, V the Lord " would " behind " her wherever she went, and let her want for nothing. Such was the practical view taken of Blanche's state, whose increasing debility Lord Farney perceived with regret, which was not altogether without mitigation. Life muBt needs he a colder friend than death, he thought, to a woman like Blanche, hope lesaly ostracised, without any end or aim in living, and profonndly penitent. He did not take into account that she was still young, and might love life, in spite of her self—love it with one set of facilities while another was quite weary of it She knew, in a general sort of way, what Marcus was about during all this time. TWarrift mentioned him in her letters ; and his name appeared in the newspapers some times, as the name of a man of his rank is sure to appear, however little he desires or deserves publicity. How eagerly Blanche sought for all such references to him, how carefully she stored them up! She never caught sight of his | name without a sickening mar it might be I apropos of the familiar announcement "a marriage is arranged," and Bhe never found her fear dispelled without a thrill of thanks giving. The whole course mid nature of her reelings and sufferings werecbanged; she could hardly recall with any vivid realisation what they had been even one year ago; but what intense and haunting suffering this new form was, and how she was winking under it day by day t The repairs at Arlingham Castle were corn Sete, ana Lord Frampton had entertained a rge party there during the Easter holidays. Blanche read the descnption of the brilliant scene with a painful interest If she had ever been there, even only once, she might : have been able to picture it to herself! How ghost-hannted the old walls most have been for Marcus! Blanche could understand memory and association now! His name was sometimes, but rarely, to be found in the . list of the guests at some of the great houses, the chief resorts of fashion, and a few times he was reported as having spoken in the House of Lords. On these meagre scraps of intelligence Blanche had to live until she should/rejoin Marcia. It was tacitly understood among them that she was not to return to Farney. She could - .not resume the false position she had hitherto sttst&iiied; with success; and Mary and she felt that their future-meetings must take place elsewhere.' Concerning her own future Blanche was indifferent; a .kind of dreamy repose and contentment possessed her in so ;far as that was concerned. Marcia would settle all that. Marcia woulddo the best and wiseBt thing.that could be done. So the weeks of summer passed,, and toe London season came to an end, ana people dispersed to pursue pleasure in new places, under nfew forms. Marcia was to arrive-at Castle Farhey late in'August, and to take Blanche " away jn September; and at about the same tone- the fashionable journals announced Lead Frampton's intention of embarking on board bip steam yacht the Lotus, now a famous craft, for a long cruise, but his lord ship's destination was not yet known. This announcement, also, Blanche read with a sense of relief. -The season was over, and no marriage Bad been arranged tot him !. This. was toe one subject, - in afi toe vast range of human interests, for which Blanche could care now. ■ . ! , Mabrcla reached Castle Famey on' a beau- < tiful day late in August, when the castle, and the pane, and the trees, and the river were | bathed in golden sunshine, and the farm was' In its perfection. Rendered cautious, if not apprehensive, bytheaccounts which she had received from Mary, Marcia had begged them itoannonnoaherarrivalforthatdayasa sinty, and they < had complied, though ? 4id not think Blanche would excite her. - . royermuch; she had beep vary apathetic of late. When Marcia arrived Blanche was iot a* toe Castle. ThecMldren had seen ler that morning, and she *a* prettywell, mt tired, and she had told Justin they were tot to mind if die did not come up to tea. Marcia.atoedvery minute questions shout ibtncheb healto when she found heWelfxn ^dete familiar old library with Lord y.saA'Maiy, and Mr. Magretta.whose ^-bk^-'The ije Rtagoiraferenoe In toe scene _ I so miuiy.aiid-apparently an agitating one, for Marytomt' unrestrainedly at its close, ^lookedatonoeextraor 1'itod sra#ar -Then toe lds^^arstb^Miey amitMarpfa^to re t^h* toremme t^^^^9avo^tton^ t newj^dw^^sattw: for oogitauon , went npstairs to Blanche's room to inhere tar fofiaefaiMartffc\aiMifound La; ileeping in her wsy chair, wlpph stood by toe her, and tier hands lay ctosdeainhetlap. A round tabto."With a bowl of lateTroaes and '• Jasfe totter lying oppnppon her atde. Sbewas ueeptaaM now and thenshe owt ooughthere oatne the -ft to# stairs. ? deeper for several mlnutee; daring Vhich Marcia noted with pain the change : {Which had borne aiaoe she saw Blanche last ^•the sunken temples, the biasness of the e veinB, the dryness of the hps, and the wsUri- i here of the Mprawion. Presently, 'With a ; slightoough, Blanche awoke, andMary went j up to her. r ■* ■ ."You have had such a nice sleep," she. said. - " I'm sure you will be rested enough to coihe up to tea n not, you taustletus come up to you; for, only fancy, Marcia has J 'ftfrivftn. "Has she! Hbw delightfulI" said Blanche, with great animation and pleasure. * " Where is she r ; Blanche was remarkably bright and cheer ful that .evening, listening to Marcia's London gossip and to her account of her own doings with interest Marcia never spoke of Marcus to her before athird person, so there was no direct mention of him. When they parted for the night, Marcia said to her' ^Don'fc get hp, no matter how matincde you may feel, until I come to yon. I have ever so much to say, and you had much better lie still and let me chatter to you." At 9 o'clock on the following morning Mary left Marcia at the door of the school house, and went back to the Castle alone, with tearful eyes, but a gladsome heart It was an hour-later, and Marcia had told Blanche everything which she could think of about Marcus since she had seen her last, Blanche listening with trembling eagerness she did not try to disguise. Marcia had come to their last day together in London, and was telling her how Marcos had read Mary's letter to her—" All about you, dear '."—when Blanche covered her face with her hands, ami said— " Did he—did he name my name, even once?" Marcia slid from her chair to her knees beside the bed, and laid her face dose to Blanche's in the pillow, as she whispered— " Indeed he did, many, many times. And he sent yon a message by me.,T *' A message ? Give it me!" "It is this, my darling—he bids me ask yon to come back to him." "Me I" she gasped, raising herself up, aided by Marcia. "Yes, dearest Blanche, he wants you to come back to him. He would have come to ask you himself, hut that you would hardly have been able to hear the shock." Then, looking at her amazed, awed face, and seeing that she was strong enough to endure the trial, Marcia added, as she took a packet from her bosom—"He bade me, if you were well enough to read it, give yon this letter." She pressed it into Blanche's hand and left her; » • • • • A few days later Lord Frampton's yacht, the Lotos, steamed into Dundalk Bay; in the early morning, and cast anchor. Her ap pearance there aroused a good deal of curi osity, and many were the remarks made about the good fortune of the ladies who were going for a pleasure trip in her. " Sure, it was them that had the iuck of it, for the sky was as blue as Kate Kearney's eyes, and the say as blue as her mothers check apron!" The ladies were coming from County Monaghan side, it was understood from Castle Farney—a wonderful amount of in formation Was collected somehow about the Lotus and her owner—and the English lord was going to give them a sail all the way to the Giant's Causeway, no ten ! The English lord did not' go ashore, and had no viators to his yacht dozing the day, but just before snnset Mr. Magrath came striding down to "the Soldier's Point," and asked for a boat to take him out to the Lotus, and having gone on board, did not return. At 11 o'clock next day a handsome boat, luxuriously cushioned, and provided with an awning, put off from the Lotos, and reached "the Soldier's Point," just as a travelling carriage containing three ladies and a gentleman drew up beside-it. The boat's crew, twd oars, only occupied -the boat, into which the three ladies, having got out of the carriage, were helped by the geatleman. " Its ould Lord Farney," said a looker-on, addressing a dozen or so of lookers-on, pro miscuously. "Musba, but he's lookin' mighty welL Boys, ah' English -lord .hasn't came for his visitors.himself—maybe it's too grand for Dondalv he is 1 And be the powers, ould FaTney's s-mdin' the ladies be their selves. . Ther V. ft sick-looking thin little one—her he'" haudit' the warrutn shawl to so careful! Sbr's in want of- the say air, anyhow! beoad, they're off,without him, and he's goin' hack be himself. There gore the luggage in Mike Tientey'a boat; he's the boy forpickin'up jobs." .... But Lord Farney was not going back by himself. He had the carriage stopped at some distance from the point, and while be appeared to read a newspaper, he occa sionally danced in the direction of the beantuul Lotos, waiting until a bpat should put off from the side, bringing him the com panions of his homeward route. Meantime the boat had reached the yacht, gnd the three ladies had beea- reoeived on the deck by Mr. Magrath; who came forward to Mary, and whispered: "How is she!" " Wonderfully well; but get'it over as quick as possible." ' . . ' Blanche, looking like a spirit so fragile, so still was she, stood perfectly motionless, her hand on Marcia's arm. She wore a grey travelling-dress, and her face yres closely veiled; but, beneath the veil, it was almost as white and as rigid a/s death. She did not seem to see Mr. Magrath, "Take her down, sua that Marcia, briefly, widMarci&^li " hand, and supporting her wito vug vuw «iui, led her into tnesaloonof the yachtandthe presence of Marcus, He. was s&mcling; jitet within the door, andas they , proreed its threshold he put out his ^^de to^ Bteuch^ but she sUpped from thehv dnd mtnwit §" atiMAMIMin ed her withhiB arm, and turnedbmtote, veiled, tohis breast. Mr. Magreth. wbo had followed, closed the door, Then,ewra» ew that a stranwr was present^ whom she is end had engaged as a m^cal*tt«idant for Blanche, who also knew him, He locked on, curiously, but he aeid nothing. . This all passed fo* minnte. . ; f •» Pray hegin, whispered Marcus to nr. ^w hShjhand oh thbi ^oS8 ld^ntiy removing ubgann. , Excuse tne for ft)Mitingiftr'<)ffl<» buickly," be said, "bat Lady Frampton mast be kept quiet. May I venture to suggest that she should be lef t to me for a Jew minutes. and that then the farewells kbooM be asbtiefas possible." * . f "Quite right," said Mr. Magtath. "Come along, Mary—oome along, Marcia-- come along, FramptOn."' i Theystood upon, deck forafewminuteS, the Letup was getting up her steam, prepara Bs3%jr&"&9t£»sa taanage only common-places. They had said all there was to say in London, when the proceedings of this day had been planned In detail She could say nothing but that the fittings of the Lotus were beautiful, and that everything had been admirably provided for Blanche's comfort Presently the doctor joined them. "Lady Frampton is quite composed,' he Said; "she has spoken, and shed tears. Fray take leave of her now, and as quickly as possible. She wishesto Bee Lady Faraeyand Mr. Magrath first." "Go to her," said Marcus to Mary; "and may God bless you for all your goodness, to my wife." Mary and her uncle went down under con voy of the doctor. In a very short time they returned, and Mary, giving free way to her mingled emotions of joy ana grief, could only make a sign to Marcia that she was to go down to the saloon now. She went, Marcus with her. Blanche was lying on. a sofa, quite calm and tearless. She stretched her arms out and folded them round Marcia with a fer- ■ vent, audible blessing, as she knelt down by i bet side, and Marcia murmured a few words J of love and parting. As he raised Marcia, and gently loosed his wife's hands from her neck, Marcus said, " I must take her from you now, Blanche, but you shall not be long separated. Dearest Marcia, when Blanche is strong and well again we will comd home from Algiers, and you shall welcome us at Arlingham." He hurried Marcia away to the boat, and as Blanche caught the last glimpse of her she murmured— "Yes, dearest and best friend, he will come home from Algiers, but he will come without me, and to you—I pray God to you 1" THE END. 