nRTCKET NOTES. Bv SauARB Leg. The Intercolonial Team are getting to Melbourne by degrees. The majority have already arrived at their desti nation) and, according: to the telegram, have lost no time in getting into practice upon the convincing ground. I am sorry to eay, howeveiyihat Dave Gregory, the captain elect, has net vet been able to join his men in the metropolis of the sister colony,' owing to eioknoss in his family. This is the more unfortunate as no other member of the selection committee appointed to watch the preliminary training of the team vu in a position to leave last Saturday. Coatea managed to board the outgoing beat st the Heads last Tueadav, and will be hard at M£before this appears ; bat Gregory and Mr. Barton are not en route yet ; they will start by this aftemoon'E Etoamer. After the admirable dis play of cricket exhibited by Evans in (he first match, with the intercolonial team last week, strenuous efforts have been made by a number of gentlemen to obtain his consent to play in the intercolonial contest, but, from what I can gather, the reeult has been uneatxaf actory. It appears tba eome time ago Evans injured his foot, and on Saturday a bBll fiom Bpoflbrth touched him upon the tender spot, and not only crippled him daring his innings, but for several days attenvarde. In the early part of the week he pro tuietdthat if his health permuted he would take hie de pariure to-day, l-uf, from latest accounts, it is hardly likely that he will be able to go. During the week I have been canvassing the opinions of those who take an interest in cricket, ecd, in order to ascertain how many there were who think New South Wales has a chance in the approaoh ujg contest, I candidly confess that hitherto very few have concurred vriih me in the belief that we shall, at least, make a good fight of it. In many instances s dubious and significant shake ot the head was theonlyanswer vouchsafed to me, while in eome cases those whom I consulted emphatically expressed an opinion that New South Wales bad not w a ghost of a chance.' In my natural desire for sympathy I ventured to sound' several orioketers upon the subject, and by those gentlemen I was assured that better men had been left behind. I do not think I have had the pleasure to encounter more than' two persons who are rasguine ae to our chanoes in the coming match, and yet those who differed from me, when confronted with fair argument, were really unable to give a valid reason for the belief tbat is in them. The demoralising effect of suc cessive defeats has had something to do with the poor estimate entertained as to the ability and pluck of our representatives, but I think an ungenerous and illiberal feeling of jealousy is also an element in it. I am aware that there are many, who, while they are doubtful as to our chances, are sincere in their desire to see a victory oredited to Mew South Wales, and they have had the good eense to refrain from throwing a damper npon the team before they started. I am, as I always have been, sanguine as to the result of the coming contest, and although I am not likely to be so far carried away as to predict a victory, I do not think I shall be very far out in affirming that the game will be a very close one. As thn Victorian teanraow stands, I really cannot see what we have to be afraid of, and if the fickle jade will not forsake us altogether, we shall mttke it warm for our neighbours before we have done with them. It is quite evident from the tone of the Melbourne Press that the team from New South Wales is not by eny means estimated lfghtly, and if they areonlr neta weu in nana prior do ine matcn, l . aaresay we soui find thtm able to do the running when they come to the scrr.tch. The benefit tendered to that ancient crioketer Harry Hilliard, on the occasion of the last appearanoe of the intercolonial eleven prior to their departure for Mel bourne, did not turn out as good a one as I anticipated. I thought that the veteran might calculate upon an attendance of 1500, but there were not more than one-third of that number who patronised the ground. To their credit, however, be it said that with one or two exceptions everyone paid at the gates, whether annual subscribers or the general public, and a respeotable sum will, at any rate, be handed over to Hilliard. Mr. Alderson'i band gave their services gratuitously, and as the weather was beauti fully fine, those who were precent must have spent a very pl«-aeant afternoon. In regard to the matoh I think very little need be said, as it was only intended as a sort of final practice for the Intercolonial Eleven. Spofforth obtained 8 of his wickets in a very brief space of time, but after that he appeared to have had' enough, and although at the end of the innings of the fifteen his average showed only 6 rune per wicket, it was much less than that when the eighth wicket fell. Coatee bowled well, butjdid not come off, and Dave Gregory waR considerably knocked about. The exhibition of three of the eleven— Coates, D. Gregory, and Sheridan — was brief and unsatisfactory, and the only man out of the four who went in who showed in anything like form was Bannerman, and he played a good not out innings of 20. Evens was bowling at the intercolonial team, but he had only a couple of overs before time was called. Powell and Fancourt played with the 15, bac were of better service. I bad intended going somewhat at length into the three years' Cup Matohes this week, but neither time nor space will permit me to do so. I may, however, have occasion to reler to the subject at some future period. 