TuE WOMAN X-AT THE WINDOW. IT is now many years ago since the in cidents I am. about to'relate happen~ed, so there will be an excuse for my now making them public? Somiom old dig gers may remember the ciroumstances, but most of the actors h ave longsilide paid the debt of nature.. The first.scene of the story is a-pros -perous town'on.one of:the NewoSouith Wales now rushes, where a friend of mine, whom we may call Fred, had established a good store, and was doing a thriving trade. .Asia. storyi?vould be no good without a woman in it, so there was one in this, and Fred was over-head. and ears in love with her. Nor was he the only, one; manywopuld.have givdn all they were worth for. the- hand, of pretty.Emmy, -as she,was called,- and among the number was a digger wli6 had doneo remarkably well. This latter was a well-educated man, and would have been remarkably, good looking. had it not been for the sinister look in his eyes. Strange tales were told of him, but he seemed to care for-none of them, and made friends with few in the town. Fted' was, his particuiilar chum, and those who knew the rivalry between them boded no good .from this seemi'ig"- friondslhip. ' ?llof a sudden this Tdn, as'ho' as iisuall known by, left for New Zealand, wherearush had just broken out, and very few -knew that the reasono.f his' departure' was because Miss Emma had refused to marry him, and :was going to take 'Fred instead. Fred soon after this was married, iand a' happier couple could not be found than himself-and his'little' Emima. - "Soon, liowiover, lettors com moneed to arrive from Now Zealand to;: Fred, tolling himn of-,the great ;findh; being made there, and strongly urging him to comno over., l. iHe stood . out against it for somei timie, bht .at.t latst the gold f?'ver' got tlhe 'btter of him and off- he started. ., ]efore.,going he made over the houso.h?e lived-in todhist: wife, and left sufficienit money with hier to sustain. her till his .return. - lie soothed hbr with promises of letters by every post, and at last toro hitiiself away. When ,ho -got.to -New Zealand everything seeooed. to prosper with hims -all his claims:turned, out 'well, and he was fast,bpcoming a rich man.::' Ie wrote regularly to his wife, and recei ved, as he thought, her answers as regularly.; No.suspicion of wrong ever crossed his mi'n'd; for was tiot-the store keeper also postmaster, and was lihe not also his old friend from New South Wales ?" All things went well with him until at last he made up his mind to return home, and told: his Afriend. Tom of his intention.- .Next. day on, seeing him he had a letter put into his hand fronm a relative of "his in the town .where Emma -lived,-, telling --him that his wife. haid forgotten all, :aboi.t him and taken to herself another partner. The truth never once-seemed to dawn upon him that these letters weroeforgories, but he 'fretted so over this terrible "blow" that he at last fell into a raging fevedr.and was for-several 1 months confined to his -bed. On re covering strength he determined to.re turn and try mind sooehis-faitbless wifeoi as lih thoulght;: and so' leaving ;ihin, on his trip, we will turn and see how his wife Weas'faning in the ineantime. She, poor girl; had a harder burden to bear than her husbandli had,i for she was not ,lulled to falso .rest by any, letters; ' overy day saw that longing, anxious face peering in 'though the post office window, and by-:iand:by, thei people got accustomed to hear the long deep sigh, as the answer. al.ways remained the same, "No letters." The woman at the window became an in-, stitution' in the town) and mulch' sym pathy'?as:expressed fo her. n:"- Atlast came the long-looked-foriletter 'oager-: ly she broke it·open; she read it calmly through, though the , bright, flush n?antled to;her lcheks more than once, and then with a low wail sank -fainting on.tho ground.`: On horrecovory she. managed to. walk home .herself,. and then I found out what the letter was. It was of a similar character as the one forged to the husband, and the poor girl, not having had any letters since- her husband-left, felt that it might -be truie: 1Her previously., weak frame could not stand-this last - shock, and she was soon. on a bed of sickness, from Which, few o?er rxpectetd to see Iher rise again. It was pitooi~i t hear Ior in hot 'ravings calling on lher lost Freud to return. " IIe will return; I know him well;-!he would 'not leave nme here -to die," was the burden of hier sighing, and.when sho- oomnmonced.to recover frdm:hepr illness bui~tlittle re mained of tho, forme prett,'figure and bright face. : Ilors had ,beean na':.deep deep love, and- thme auddoniupsetting of her hopo daid truist had been too rude for her, and she was now,but a .wreck of. hidr- former solf. - - To overy dark cloud thero is a silver lining, and this, case .was noet, exocep tional. When Emmina ias r-apidly siultnking to her graveo, and; .th'e-dootbrs had said that deathlwas.mnroly amat ter of timo, I mot as I was wahki'ngup to see. Elmma, .a tall gauntfigure. One moro look and'? iWas Sh'iiiliing Froed, or his ghost, by the' hand. Of:'eoui~o, xpltanations on all sides soonifolldwod' and we saw howi we liad been duped by that incarnate iondTom. !To,say that Fred was in a 'rago does not .do justice to his feelings, but 'tlo.? soon vanished in his anxietyto'aueo his wifo once more, Tbhis was anmattoriforco: sidorittion, so'I went on to,.the house and had a chat with the doitor itaid afterwards with Emma, The dbitor advised that he should :ot -omeoyodt: as his pationt wihs so. weak, j but when I foumid froin'Emma that shepwas long ing to see her husband' oioe' moro I de torminod to oh'nude it. and inia ifew? minutes the' two'weieo 'laspod, in onp anothors arms. 3ut little romains now to .tell.- 1ieYtwo?faithf-ful-~hearts re: united one more are still alive and ,happy in_tbheir mutual love and happi ness; 'hilst the author of all the sorr row and a.guish too strong for him,, and;:died lonely and unattended, in an oldhut on: ne of the worked out Ndw. SZealand fields.-Communicated to the •Armidale Chronkile., f On Sunday;evqning ,durinug,,a hqiiv stormi which passed over Sydney, a. flash of lightning-struck- the spire of the Wdsleyan' Chirch, Globe Road, and broke a-portion-of the pinnacle off. STh - S. .11 . Herald reports rthat 'a imiin named Johnu islier,while drivin'g along Harris- strooet,Prymont, on Satur day, had his necLk' hbiko· ??y the cart capsizing over the embankment on that strdet. Deceased's granddkaughter, si' years of age, who was in thooart at' the time was, injured and rtaken tobth' infirmary. 'The .Bile infallibly eilred 6 Flollowoay'; Pdll.-1MaIny who suffer from Bile are unconscious of it;: thoey: omplain df sick headaches, derangement. and sink ing at the' stom?achl loss 'd'of' ppetiteo, lowness of spirits;? aiat!df of'nrgy, feLt, hands, and face swcllin , and knomw not ithatthbes& symiptfns denotdeIth impero feet ac'tionof tlihe liter,?Tandif, not4c medied may load to dropsy',:-Tollowmy' Pills will always be found to act dircet. ly upon thedo liver and stoihach, and carry off theiredundanby.ýofr,,humrours, and thereby, imme~diately. rerstore the patient..- to a fll enijoymiont of his health. -The blimexpill is a murourial and .destructive medicine which no one shou]ld take. --dlt S h'lben the Lamtp of Life -burns lote, wlhethorby. age or 'sickness, tbho v ry 'best stimulnnt" thiait'ca.n ho tap1]~ is " Udolpho Wolfe's Schie'diniam'Abiatid Schnap?sp; Its off ct upon the depressed and waning onergics'of'tbo'e system is almost elctrio, but, unliko electricityi it produces permanent results' In-i sitead 'of eoroeatiug tihe.morbid appetite for excitements which is engendered. bjr adulterated hninudimndicated spirits, it has a singularly quieting offoot upon; the nerves of ,thfestomaclh and indeed! uponbthe wlible nervous sysiteim. : t,is the only alcohlio,'invigora?t a? ndia-: torativo. that does. nt overspu the Si'he ;sit*er, Solao.e.-LMost of our readers have no. doubt, heard .of the "Dew of. the Alps,'Lbthe: famous'n Swiss cordial, which for over four hundred years has be'n the 'standard inational tonic of the Iahlvetian "Confedoeracy. It is not a 'OCatholicon," a," Panacea," oran' infalliblo' i?cmedy for :oveiry ill that flbsh' is' l;ir to :but 'it' i's' indubi tablyr . siecifi: for debility,;'. ind ni;ii dote to the offedt's" of mniasm?:n l ,sure protection against the divitalizipg in flounce'of heat and expoturo, a cure for hypochoudria, and dan admirablo anssi milant'" As an appetizer and a means of relieving 'indigestionii, in'd'1piotio ting the health of body and mind, it has no equal among modern medicines, while as a liquor it is hot exoollod in in flavoinrby ithl! finest' Noyliau orRlar ashleno. " Mesrs. AL oIdss and Co. are now supplying Australia with thoe Dew, and, they- are theo onily. rccog~iisid agen'ts of thli GenoOva manu'facturers.- Adivt. 