The Storyteller. The Gold King. A NEW YEAR'S TALE. BY DRAMINGO. MULLUCKVILLE was anything but a lively township; like other dogs it had had its day, and now that its day was done, the night seemed to have descended doubly dark upon the wretched spot Some years before, a wandering prospector 'dropped upon" a 3mall patch of gold ; rumor, as usual, magnified the amount of the find, and a rush set in upon the doomed place. In less than a month it had returned almost to its primitive state of solitude. The hastily run up stores and public houses had been token down> the lens pretentious habitations of bark and saplings had been left to fall to pieces at leisure by their original constructors, and but one place, which combined within itself the attractions both of store and public house, remained to supply the wants of the few fossickers who still struggled for a living and the chance of a haul. It will therefore be seen that Mulluckville was scarcely a township wherein any man whose unhappy lot did not foredoom it, would choose of his own accord to spend the festive season which is sup posed to usher in a new year. Tom Duval was perhaps the most wretched specimen of humanity to be found in Mulluck ville on the particular New Year's Eve I am writing of. He had come with the rush, and hod remained there ever since; his periodical earnings, scanty as they were, were all sacrificed at the altar of Bacchus. The time had been when Tom was a comparatively respectable member of society ; but sobriety and he had long since cut one another, and now—well, he was scarcely a desirable acquaintance. The clock struck 11. Tom looked out of the door of the public house, and into the cool fresh night. His own funds were exhausted ; few of the residents of Mulluckville were in a condition to shout, and he had not yet reached the con dition in which he delighted to go to bed. He Bnuffed the night air for a few moments, then turned his head and looked back into the bar— longingly he looked at the bottles, beseechingly at the proprietor, contemptuously at the only other customer, who had money and would not spend it; then " like a blast away he passed " out into the night. Adown the rambling apology for a street) haunted on either hand by the skeletons of houses, or the more substantial- looking ghosts of bark humpies ; but they were but dead ghosts the souls that had inhabited them had passed away, and were making merry elsewhere. No publican in snowy shirt came and asked him to step in as he passed, no songs echoed from the the interiors. Here and there nickering camp fires shone out; but the owners were courting sleep, and dreaming of the fortunes their picks were yet to win for them. Tom sauntered on until the dark mounds of earth around told of the search for gold. He reached the old claim of the lucky prospector, and in a fit of spleen cursed his luck for not having been the man to strike it Musing on his bad fortune, he as cended the rugged pile of dirt, and throwing himself down on the top, gazed into the black mouth of the shaft. " I've a good mind to take a header into it," he thought; but like a good many men before him, he had a better mind not to do so, so remained where he was. " How light it seems down there !" was the next thought that crossed his mind, and then the unmistakeable sound of human voices struck upon his ear. He lifted his head and listened—silence all around ! Again he stooped his head into the shaft, and heard the murmur of many voices. "There must be a lot of fellows up the drive." He listened intently ; a burst of laughter, a short silence, and then a wonderfully clear and power ful voice began singing— Go March through the page Of a long-pant age For a despot with power untold, And find, if you can, ttinoo the world began, A king with auch power oa gold. There's no tie so true I cannot undo, ' No «ecret I can't unfold— , As for beauty and mirth, Pride, valor, and worth, They are all of them alave* to gold. At the end of each verse a chorus of many voices took up the last line, and repeated it as a refrain ; then again the singer went on— I humbld the proud, And can laugh aloud At the childish tales that are told Of honor unbought; For to me 'tin but sport To beat down honor with gold. I have great and itmall At my beck and call, Men's heart* at ray will 1 mould ; Look all the world round, Men will ever be found To barter their «oula for gold. The song ended, and a short silence succeeded ; then a glare of light suddenly shone in the bottom of the shaft, as though a door in the side had been opened. A dark figure crossed this path of light, a strange scrambling noise followed, and before Tom could recover from hia surprise, or attempt flight, the figure was beside him. " Come," said a deep voice, and a hand was laid on his shoulder—such a hand ! the fingers, hard as steel, seemed to bury themselves into his flesh, and he felt there was no escape. The figure caught him up in its strong arms, and the next moment they stood at the bottom of the old shaft. He followed his guide on hands and knees along the drive at the bottom, too astonished for words or resistance ; they paused through a door at the end, and Tom saw a scene such as mortal ne'er saw before : A man—a golden man apparently—sat in regal state at the head of a long table. Opposed to him, at the foot, was a being of silver; and ranged down both sides were forms and figures of such dazzling lustre that Tom's bloodshot eyes winked again. It was not their dresses that caused the splendid effect; the light and brilliance seemed to radiate from their faces ; their eyes emitted flashes like lightening, and glancing down the board, every color and shade of color sparkled in rays of fire from these strange creatures. Tom's guide left him standing a few paced from the entrance, and took a vacant sent on the king's right hand. Tom saw that he was a gigantic being; hia features were noble and stern-looking, though his color was jet-black— not a dull black, but bright and sparkling ; at intervals, his face seemed to glow like heated metal. On the left hand of the king was a precisely similar figure. Of the king's face, Tom could make nothing ; it seemed ew changing from a man* to a woman's, from a soldier's to a priest's, but through them all, the lips wore a sneer. Although they all seemed carousing, and the table was covered with eatables and flasks of wine, their faces bore no trace of mirth, but one and all looked hard and stern. They all turned their blazing eyes upon Tom as he stood there a picture of human degrada tion ; and the king, after an earnest gaze at him, as he stood bewildered where hid guide had left him, with a grim emile said, " What's yours i" Never before had Tom been at a loos for an answer to such a question. Now hia tongue failed, and conscious that the whole of that brilliant company were looking mockingly at him, he could only at last feebly stammer," Whatever you like." At a sign from the king, the dark right hand man arose, and filling a glass with some colorless liquid, approached Tom and offered it to him. Nerved by the thought that nothing could make his situation much worse, Tom, whom no liquor ever daunted before, seized the glass and swallowed the contents. Instantly his frame grew light and buoyant, a warm glow coursed through every vein ; he was a new man* " Shake yourself," said the king. He did so, and as he said afterwards, Bhook his body off*. Yes; surely that was dirty, drunken Tom Duval lying in a heap on the ground. Then what was he? He could not tell ; he only knew that he looked with un utterable loathing on his late body, now lying motionless and lifeless at his feet. " His body was found huddled up in a heap at the bottom of a deserted shaft, and he was sup posed to have fallen down during one of his drunken fits. A verdict of accidental death was returned," said the king, in a sing-song voice, as though reading from a newspaper. Tom shuddered ; the figure on the floor looked horribly like a corpse. The king arose, and looking at a clock, said, " My friends, here's to our next meeting—thia day twelve months." The glasses were filled and emptied. " Five minutes to 12. Good-night, all," s»id the silver man, and vanished. " Good-night!" re-echoed through the cavern, and the golden king and Tom were alone. " Come with me," the kingpsaid, beckoning to him, and opening a door at one end of the cavern. Tom advanced, and followed him through. Instantly he found himself flying through space and utter darkness with frightful rapidity. A sudden shock brought him tt a halt, and he was conscious that the king was beside him, opening a door, through which a stream of light gushed out. " We are now in the centre of the earth," said the king, pausing with the half- opened door in his hand. Somehow Tom felt no whit astonished at the information. They entered. In a vast hall, like the interior of some mighty cathedral, a venerable old man was seated in an easy chair, before a brightly burning fire ; his long white beard hung down upon the ground, and he sat and gazed into the fire in a drowsy, abstracted manner, with half shut eyes. A short distance from him, a very dirty man was writing with great haste on the last page of a thick volume. Neither of them took the slightest notice of the king or his com panion as they advanced towards the fire. Gold stationed himself in front of the fireplace, his back to the warmth, and nodded to Tom to take possession of an unoccupied chair standing near. He did so, and his attention was soon taken up watching the strange freaks the burning embers seemed to be playing. Like living things, the glowing coals climbed up over each other, changed, and altered their positions until they had formed what appeared to Tom to be the model of a fair town. As he looked, the likeness grew more and more distinct—stately buildings, beautiful churches, and wide streets shone out in miniature. All appeared perfect, when the old man in the chair slightly waved his hands, with a low laugh, and they all crumbled into ashes. A noise at the far end of the hall diverted his gaze from these strange proceedings. He looked and saw a number of men rush in, laden with large sacks, the contents of which they emptied on to the floor. These contents appeared to be thousands of pieces of white paper, and the heap thus formed Boon began to assume astonish ing dimensions. " What can they be," thought Tom. " Good resolutions," said the king, answering his unspoken thought. " But they'll come to nothing, heaps of them every year. " His successor," and be nodded towards the sflent figure still writing as though for life, " wQI put them through a refinery." "Phryne!" said the ancient figure in the chair, apparently starting up out of deep musings. " The naughty little flirt! I remember her well; but she hadn't half the figure Cleopatra had," and he chuckled feebly. M Pshaw !" said Gold. " I know as much about them as you do," and he glanced contemptuously at the other. But the old man went on mumbling out aloud, " Yes, yes ! She stood out a long time ; but I was too much for her. Couldn't beat Old Time." The door through which Tom and the king had entered here opened, and a man walked in, so like the man writing at the table that Tom started. In all respects save one, they were exactly similar, and that one was, that whilst one was outrageously dirty (in fact, seemed rapidly growing worse), ttfe new comer was painfully clean and neat. The new arrival walked up to the silent figure still writing hard, and stood waiting beside him, glancing once up to a clock over the fireplace. Tom looked up too, the hands were nearly on the stroke of 12. Every body was silent, save the busy figures at the far end of the halL The seconds crept on, and suddenly a mighty boom burst forth, reverberat. ing through the lofty hall like thunder— another and another. Time started from his chair. " Eh, what!" he eaid. " Bonaparte at it again ?" " Sit down," said Gold. " It's only the New Year." At the sixth stroke, the dirty figure aprang from his chair, and before the seventh could sound, the clean man had seized his relinquished place and pen, and was hard at work on the first page of a new volume. The relieved scribe came towards the fire, yawning wearily, and nodded carelessly to Gold. " Tired ?" said the latter. " Rather," returned the other. " You've got to tell him all about it," and Gold nodded towards Time. " Yes ; and he's getting deaf." " He's a poor creature ! Look at roe, now, and I'm a tidy age." " Got au astonishing memory, though, when fairly awake." " Well, I will leave you to ' vex his dull ear,' as Shakespeare, who " Here Time woke up again with a screech. "Shakespeare! I hate him. His confounded plays will see me out yet." Gold laughed, and beckoning Tom, passed out. Into black darkness again, and then into a spacious cavern filled with naked toiliug gnomes They were working amongst gold, digging it up, carting it away, and passing it from hand to hand. Strange to say, Tom felt not the least desire to appropriate any of the precious metal so carelessly kicked about. The king threaded hia way through the turmoil, until he reached a desk where some were acting as clerks. One handed him a paper. He read it, muttering over strange, outlandish names, and some that seemed familiar to Tom's w Palmer, eh ! Make it patchy there," he said, as he handed the paper back. Then he waived his hand. The cavern and toiling multitude tad dis appeared, and they were walking along the crowded street of a town. Not once did the hurrying crowd of passers appear to notice them; but Tom saw his companion slightly touch some of them, and their faces assumed a joyous ex pression at once. They went into a house, and on the stairs they encountered a form coming down, upon whose face Tom felt that he dared not look, and as he passed, the very air seemed to freeze. In the room they entered, mourners were weeping around a bed, and the king took the cold hand of the dead, and gazed upon Borne amongst the crowd, and self-satisfied smiles soon chased away the tears ; only those upon whom Gold did not look went out speaking bitterly. They passed out, and into another house, where a man was vainly pleading for the love of a beautiful girl; but she averted her head, and would not listen to him. Then Gold looked over the man's shoulder, and laughed bitterly ; and when they left, the coy fair one had turned so kind. They went into a poor, mean house, where, in spite of poverty, a happy family were laughing round the fireplace. Gold stood amongst them, gazing into some of the smiling faces, and bitter dissension broke out. Then they went into a quiet churchyard, and the king, pointing to the rows of graves, said, '* There, I have no power." Then they went into a large building, where there were many men with vacant, foolish faces* and some like wild beasts, and Tom saw that they were all mad. " Here," said the king," my power is but small; but," and they passed into the street, and he pointed to the moving crowd, " these are all my subjects to save or destroy.*' As he spoke, a poor girl passed them, hastening on with such a look of despair in her face, that Tom's heart was wrung. " Save her!" he cried. They overtook her as she reached a bridge ; but even as the king stooped to look into her face, she sprang on to the parapet, and down into the river. Forgetting hie incorporeal exis tence, Tom would have followed, but his limbs refused to obey. He turned to Gold. The king had thrown himself down upon the pave ment, and was whining pitifully. Aghast at tuch a change, Tom stood gazing in astonishment; but the moans soon died into deep curses. " I cannot change human nature," he muttered sullenly, when he arose. A great crowd now bore them along until they were in front of a gloomy gaol, and iv the open space arose the black beam whereon a man was shortly to die, and the king again hid his face, and moaned out that he " could not help human nature." Then they went amongst great factories and foundries, and the king pointed out the figures of the two black men he had seen at the bottom of the shaft, though invisible to all others beside. They are Coal and Iron," said he, and they are my slaves ; but they are happier than I am." "And the others," said Tom. " There is one," said the king, as they passed again into the street, and the silver figure glided by. " He, too, has good work to do at times ; but I!—I am a curse, and you men make me so.'* He ground his teeth, and glanced at his com panion so wrathfully that Tom blessed his stars that he had no longer a body upon which the king could wreak vengeance. They went into balls and gay assemblies, and gliding unperoeived amongst the revellers, Tom saw many of the figures he had seen in the cavern. " Tom Duval," said the king, turning suddenly upon him, " do you want to become the subject of a coroner's inquest ?" Tom reflected; life did not appear to be such an unmitigated boon. But he answered, after a pause "No." " Then change your mode of life; there is stfll a chance awaiting you. Forty yards due south from the old prospecting claim, you will find what will help to lift you out of your present state. Whatever you get, keep to yourself; and do not bring a lot more fools there on a vain search. I have still five minutes to spare; then you can go back to Mulluckville. And remem ber, that as you use my gift, so will it bring you happiness or ." And the king looked signifi. cantly upon the ground. " I like coming here," said Gold. They were standing upon the bank of a small creek, strange beautiful birds were in the tree-tope, rich vege tation all around, overhead a cloudless blue sky. On either side of them, gently sloping green hills arose, and at the end of the valley that opened up before them they saw bold ranges rising one above the other, terminating at the top in picturesque peaks. No sign of man was any where to be seen. The water trickling along the bed of the creek wound its way amongst boulders of pure gold. Perfect peace and quiet seemed to impregnate the balmy air that they were breathing. Flowers were amidst the herbage on the ground, gaudy butterflies flitting from one to the other. The king's face wore a look of great calm and contentment. " Once it was like this everywhere," he murmured. " Where are we ?" said Tom. Gold turned suddenly and fiercely upon him. "Why do you ask?" he screamed, harshly. "That you may bring your fellow-fiends, and take from me the only spot of earth where I am left undisturbed ? But that you never shalL" Doubling his fist, he struck Tom on the head. He was lying on the edge of the old shaft in Mulluckville, rubbing his head where he had struck it against the crazy windlass. The sun was high and hot, and he felt very uncomfortable. Next morning he started to work, a changed man. Forty yards from the old claim, he put down a shaft. When he had bottomed it, Mul luckville knew him no more. 