THE CULTIVATOR. Arrowroot. Tai-: season foi1 harvesting and preparing ¡tyro wroot hav ing arrived, wo think that it is a Utting time to offer ¡ fuw remarks concerning its culture ami pi .niarat-imt ii Now South "Wales. Tho culturo of arrownnit for ¡¡om. uso has, within a comparatively ¡¡hort time p.Cit, bj. omi ]iretty general amongst our settlors in a few districts The kind that hus thus been introduced is that knowi as the purplo arrowroot. The plant is known in botain ¡in Cannu cdulis, anil it is a member of tho same natura order as the plant which produces thc true Wost Inriiut powder, nailiely, Maruntaoem, or Murants. Murant!' nriindin'iceii, tho true arrowroot, hus boon tried inman] ni' our .Sydney gardens ; ¡uni though, in warm situations, it may bo kept alive ; it luis never succeeded so as tc encourage tho hope that it can over bc so acclimated a; to make its culture advantageous. Tho Cunnii, however, thrives well in the colony, and forms a very good sub stitute. And very possibly, when increased care shut' havo boon bestowed upon its preparation, au article maj lie produced quite equal to the more noted 'Wost Indian Tlio yield from Catina eriulis is enormous us compare! with that of the trtto arrowroot. As far south as t i ipp¡ Laud in Victoria, as stated by Baron Von Mueller, 01 tho authority of thc ltev. Mr. 1 Tiigoiuuir, of the Gipps Lund Aboriginal Mission Station. :J201bsof tho powrie; was obtained from one-eighth of nu acre, or at thu rutt of 17(>Q lbs. per aero. In good »oasons, such us the om now nearly past, the yield must in immy cases consider ably exceed tho rate of a ton to the ¡tero. "When it ii considered that tho culture is of thc easiest nature, tin cost of which will not exceed that of maize, ¡ind thal .soil, too poor to give the ghost of n chance to eithei in lizeor other grain croiis, will answer for it, the culture n.ight to recommend itself to every ono. In ordinary lund and a good season one ton of arrowroot may be ad- vanced to the stage suited for harvesting nt a cost, liol considering rout of land, of not moro than 10s. sup- posing the value of u ton to bo L2">, and it would br worth a much larger sum if carefully manipulated, ¡1 large margin for crushing, washing, ko., would ho left. Wo believe that loss than L~> would pay for all thi; including harvesting. And more especially in cases such as uro, it is to be regretted that for many reasons, common, where families ¡no growing up in n state of partial idleness merely for want of cultures to fill up waste timo. The digging up, washing, bruising, and all the processes necessary to produce tho article in ¡1 marketable condition aro ¡is simple ¡is thc culture. So sim plo aro they that it seems almost ¡1 work of supororogation to suggest means for that purpose. However, as many ¡ire unaware of the simplicity of preparation wo shall oller a few .suggestions. First, tho roots are to be dug up. For this purpose, if the quantity is large, so ¡is to make it worth gutting ¡1 special tool, an instrument like ¡1 dock- weeder would be useful. It consists of au iron bindo of two prongs, fixed in a handle, like that of ¡1 spade but stronger ; having ¡1 curved piece of iron ¡it tho back to serve us ¡1 fulcrum, or a projecting knob will answer the pur- pose. "With this instrument th J simd or mais of roots nf each hill is first loosened at two or three points of tho circumference ; ¡inti thou inserting thc prongs ¡is far under thc mass ¡ts possible prize out the whole. The next operation is washing. This maybe dunc hy hand if tho quantity be small, or if large, ¡1 wooden cylinder made 110 ns to contain a quantity of tubers should be used. The cylinder may lie constructed Of ordinary battens hooped round and fastened to strong end supports. The battens should be at a little distance from euch other. Tho cylinder should be placed so as to revolve in water. If it could bo placed in a running stream and made to revolve there, it would be convenient und effective. It . is of tho utmost importance that every particle of clay ur othor earth should be removed hy washing. After washing, tho outside purplo skin should be removed, ¡1 wooden or bono knife should be used, in prcfcrcnco to iron, fur this pin-pose. It maybe men- tioned 1 here, that in ¡til the operations which necessi- tate, tho contact of tools or machinery with the starch ; iron should ho avoided, not because it really injures its quality, but because it would give ita yellowish ? tingo which is objectionable, when marketed. AViien this outer skin is removed the tubers should bo again submitted to a dip in clean water, to further ensure the thorough removal of earthy pratieles. 'Cite filiroiui roots should bo cut or pulled off at the samo time as thc ? skin. Tho roots should then be crushed or bruised into a mummy or pulp, ¡mil thrown into clean water con- tained in à large wooden tub or vat. Tho crushing is porformori by boating in ;i birito wooden mortar or i.iMiigh, with a wooden pestle mario for tito pttrpn.se. The pulp is then well .stirred ¡inri the milky muss is tuen strained through ¡1 hair sei vu, tho fibrous portion liding well stpioe/.utl to secure every drop of tho milky lluiri. Tlie straining should bo repeated two or three times, using clean water each time, ¡inti thu straining should be through ¡1 coarser sieve ¡it tho iirst than ¡it tho hist. "When this hus lu'ou done, allow tho starch und water to stand ¡1 lime to settle ¡it tho bottom of the vat; then draw oil* the clean waler. Thc powder will bu found depositeriin a solid mass ¡tl the bottom of the v.itor tul), lt must thou ho pi.-iceri wu silents or lniftnls thinly spread, ¡inti placed in the sun, covered with g.uizo to keep out dust ¡uni insects, lt must be placed . under cover at nitrht, or if it should rain. It will tivy in one or two bright days. And then it may be stored away for usu or salo. Tho Tahitians after washing, grate down tho tubers i istead of beating them, For this purpose they make ¡1 grater tims : A board is hewn from a t iee so that ono end of tho hoard is curved downward. On tho curved portion a flattened rough stone (of coral rock) in lixeri. Tho operator sits astride tho board, which is placed on legs like ¡1 stool, ¡inti rubs tho root on thu stone, tho pulp falling into a wooden bowl placed beneath tho curved end. ' String mario fi om cocoanut libro is sometimes wound round tho depressed end of tho grating stool instead of tim stono, for grating tho roots upon. Tito fignro roproscuts ono of tho grating stools ¡ts scon in uso at Pitcairn's Island. Most of our settlors uso iron graters, mario by punoh in r bolos, as fur a nutmeg grater, iii sheet iron, usually nu old nail eau. Probably they may got a wrinkle fruin thu stool and tho string grater. iStoani or liorso-powor ooulri easily ho mario available 11 eooiioiniso labour ; anil thou no orup that wo know nt would pay botler than arrowroot. Lund that in not wnrth cultivating for any crop that is now known to o ir husbandry, might liu^ utilized ut a profit of from ii i to i'-'n per nero. And it is boliuveri that tlioeultiuo or durna cdulis ameliorates tho soil, and leaven it in an improved condition as it ulfeuts other cultures, ¡ \- ... K' y ' i"-- > . . *. ? ' We hope no apology is necessary for treating; tho subject in tho simple wuy we have done. Purposely we havo refrained from largo ideas, preferring to write for tho help of the moro humbler class of settlers, to whom cultures of this nnturo on a small scale would bo ii boon of inestimable value, Ibo th in a moral and material as- pect ; and, so, to tho colony as a whole. 