A TERRIBLE CHRISTMAS EVE. Chapter I. ; In most lives there are strange coincidences, and days seem lailen with fate. 8uch a time is Christmas Eve for mo and mine. On Christmas Eve nil that was pleasant cnmc to me on Christmas Eve I knelt by tho side of ray sister and prayed Heaven in its great mercy to let her die. Can I paiht'my old home in the western conntics, by the restless western sea"? A small town, standing in the deep, rich heart. of n. valley, with steep hills near it that sloped down to the 6ca, with a denso green wood.rto.thc right, where pine trees, tufted limes, and frograpt maples' made music all day long in the wind, where a silvery brook rim through miles of flowers, and where there always lay d deep solemn silence such as reigns in grand cathedral aisles. To the lcft'vfat a! narrow qtretchof golden gorse; then came mcadowB and corn-fields, fruit- laden orchards and summer gardens, which led to the high road that ran down to the sands. Our home— the pretty little estate of Eostficld— lay tp tho right of the valley, where we could hear the soft rustle of the. trees In the wind, and the sigh- , ing of the brook— whuro the sea-breezes came in at the windows mingled with the oil ours of pine and blossoming limes. Tho old houso . 3V08 ; vetr picturesque; tho gray walls wore .half covered with ivy and large hanging masses p£ purple wistaria, the gaps in which rcrcaled tho broad windows, where in. summer the starry jes samine and Guelder rose peeped in ; at tho side stood an old-fashioned porch, hidden by drooping tendrils of clematis, arid a 'garden that was a wilderness of sweets — p. garden thnt would Lave delighted on artist, bnt driven a fashionable gardener to despair. At Eostflelil my- fathcr and mother. Squire Cham- ley, and Helena, his wife, lived and died, leaving to me, their firshbom child, the sole care and guardian ship of ray baby-sister, whom, from some quaint old romance. my mother loved, they had named Gwen doline. I need not dwell upon -her childhood or faults. There .was a difference of seventeen years l>ctween us. blind a comely, pleasant face of 'my own, with nothing wonderful about it. Shew-as as beautiful as one of those fair, radiant faces the somblnnce of which is now and' then to l>c mot with among the t hefs->(Vaiuvre of tho Italian masters. I took her abroad when she was twelve years old, feeling that a course of instruction at Overton would not suffice for her. I placed her in a quiet, exclusive school in the old Kbtncland, and she returned to me !u her sixteenth year. There was good society in Overton. The steep hills that slope down to the sea were dotted over with picturesque villas. Corlcscourt lay to tho right, Audloy Hall to the left ; but the proudest mansion in the county was'Castledunc. the ancient house of the Ksmonilcs, a race that wc began to fear would noon die out. My sister and I were wormlv mentioned everv- where— she, for her marvellous dainty beauty, and" I because I was her sister. There were manV lovers who would gladly have laid all they hrnl at Gwendo line's feet 5 but sbo. never cored for any of them— she was waiting for her fate. A Happy picture did the peaceful, picturesque home, hurled in flowers and foliage, ami full of quaint beauty and poetry, present— the elder sister mistress of the house, the younger, with tho delicate grace and loveliness of a queecn, living in the sun shine, singing with the birds, drinking in the poetry of the green woods, the romance of the 6eo, the glory of the summer skies— both leading a pure, peaceful, happy, dreamy life, no fitting preparation for tho storm that was approaching. Gwendoline was pure of heart as she was fair of face, sensitive, imaginative, with a deep, beautiful rovcrcnco for the laws of God and man, candid and open as the day, a pure sweet soul such as old poets tell us llcaven takes pleasure in. Two things in my sister's character gave me anxiety : she bad the gift of loving with force and concentration — given to few — and she had the most alTc-el innate. tender heart I ever knew. These wore noble attributes, bnt, amid unfavourable) conditions, hardly calculated to render her happy. In our long walks wc often passed by Castlcdune. Tho grand old mansion was closed and deserted ; the gardens were, choked with weeds, the fountains dry, the plcasuro-groohdfi all in disorder ; the bosom of the lake was covered with bright green slime, the lirao trees were running wild, tho flowers blending iu luxuriant confusion. Thcro was a strange romnnco about Castlcdune. tho last owner, Aubrey Esmonde, married a beautiful Frenchwoman. In the country-side >cople tell, even now, of the beauty tliat was fatal to all those who looked lovingly upon it, of the dark eyes that lured men to love, and looked butjthe brighter when love slew them. Report says thai the lady must have bewitched the bright-faced, sunny-hearted geiitlcmau who married h'cr. He brought her home to Catlc- dime, nnd w-orhippedher with all the strength of his kindly, generous heart and loyal nature — wor shipped even her faults, laid his noble affections beneath her feet,' and crowned hbr 'with. every fair and goodly gift he could bestow. .With lowered voices Enoplo tcil bow hp lived op her smiles,, hung upon t? wprds, trusted hi? ratine, his honour, the fnmo of bis race in her bands. They, tell too tho story, of Ms betrayal— how the beautiful wicked face worked unutterable woe. He. left her one' iborpiitg with kisess worm upon her lips, her loving wprds in tua ear, and returned at night to find his homd disho-' noured, his nardo disgrace his stainlc&s; repute for ever blasted. She. had left - him for. .one who hMr o<riT1- . Hail, -and at Inst went mad with sorrow and shame. His brother died, his cousin died, anil when the angel of death cnmc for him no heir could lie found to the estate of Castlcdunc. . . One after another tried to substantiate a claim, but nono succeeded, until the untiring solicitors found the right man at last, a cousin of Aubrey Esmondc's cousin, the nearest of kin, and conse quently the heir to the proiierty. He was living at Verona, in Italy, where ho had made some little reputation as a painter. He hnd been in America, had travelled in unfrequented parts of the world, and was, people said, delighted at his good fortune. I did not think so when I saw him. There was no difficulty whatever in proving his claim ; and we all knew that in the summer months , Leonard Esmonde, the heir of Castlcdune, would come to take possession of his own. Gwendoline and I watched with pleased eyes the gradual renova tion of Cnfitledunc. A whole army of workmen bail token possession of it ; pictures, statues, furniture, tiooks, rare plants, horses, carriages, every possible luxury and comfort seemed to be ordered for the owner of the old' gray walls. A regular establish ment of, servants was formed, anil everything was ready liy the middle of June for the master of Castle- dune. One day Gwendoline and I sat in our garden ; wc heard the clash of the joy- bells, and we knew that Leonard Ksraondc had come home. We talked about him, wondering wlint ho was like, anil remarking how strango it must seem to him to bo raised from poverty to great wealth. Wc wondered if lie would marry, and, if so, which of the great ladies ho would select, and what hospitality would be dispensed by the master of Castlcdune. A few days afterwards I was astonished at Mr. Esmondc's card 1 icing planed in iny linnds. 44 The gentleman ib wuiting," my maid said, 14 in the draw ing-room, and wishes to see you on jwrticulnr business." Wondering what he could jmssibly want with me, I went at once, and found a tall handsome man, with a clear-cut, weary, aristocratic face, waiting for me. His appearance pleased me : his head was like those of the grand old statues that I have seen in the gal leries o,f world-renowned palaces, the heads of brave dauntless kings, and it was carried with easy haughty grace ; h»B figure was manly, and dignified— 44 gen tleman " was written on it in unmistakable characters. . I welcomed him kindly ; he thanked me, and then stated the object of his coming. He hail !>ccn told that iny fathejvhad in his library on old black-letter history of Castlcdune, which he was very desirous of seeing. I fonnil tho book, and wc talked for somo time about it. 1 showed him also some ancient relics, in which he was greatly interested ; but the wearied look never faded from his hluc-blnck eyes, and I found myself wondering why, at his age, with such a glorious prospect before him, lie hail the look of one who searches for, but cannot find rest. Ho caught a glimpso of our gar'en — tho pride of Eartficld— and asked me if I would show it' to him. We passed through tho open window, anil, as wc walked down the path, I heard a sweet voice singing among the summer flowers, a voice clear and soft ns that of a mavis in May, when spring buds are shooting. Until that moment I hail forgotten Gwen doline — now I remembered that she. was in the garden. Wo cnmc upon her quite suddenly, and Leonard Esmonde storied and uttered a low cry of admiration. It was a scene that Titian would have revelled in for its flush and glow of colour, its magnificence of beauty. . . My sister was sitting under the shade of a mng- nolin ; .bright-winged butterflies and humming bees were dipping into tho honeyed buds ; behind her was a bed of lilies, their pure white cups and golden hearts contrasting with a profusion of scarlot roses thnt grew next to them. Under the shade of tho magnolia Gwcndolino looked -a very . queen of flowers, her fair face flushed with dainty colour, her dark eyes full of the symmcr beauty', her mouth like n rose bud, anil her golden hair shining duskily. 6he rose, her face flushing as sho saw us. I intro duced Mr. Esmonde, and then turned away, leaving her amid the flowers. He said a few words, and then went away, but with tho weary look deepened. When I returned, my sister still stood where, I had left her, her scarlet lips parted, her dork eyes' bright with surprise. "What do you think of him, Gwendoline?" I oskeil. r" 41 Think of him ? " sho replied. 14 1 con now better understand what the word 4 hero' means." Chatter II. I smiled at my sister's words, but no feeling of un easiness crept Into ray heart on that bright morning. I was pleased with my visitor, who was evidently a gentleman nnd a scholar ; an artist I knew be was, for the rumour hnd reached Overton. \- I did not expect to sec him again, and merely looked upon the incident as a pleasant one that had brightened an hour, when to my surprise, ho called once more. This time it was evening, and we were just going to tnko tea. Tho little stand was placed near the window ; .and he looked so admiringly ntr the flowers and honey and fruit, that I asked him to join us. We grew more communicative orcr the tea-table than we should have grown had wc met in society for n month— ay, a year. Ho told us many, stories of his past life — of his travels in strange bright lands, nnd over tropical seas, of journcyin'gs in dense Amer ican forests, of life under every phase ; yet, though his words were vivid, his sketches delightful, his conversation brilliant, tho weary look never left his eyes, but seemed rather to deepen as they rested on my sister's fucc. How wonderful sho thought him I In our little world there was none like him. lie told us that evening that he intended shortly to give a grand entertainment to celebrate his return. When Gwen doline was not present, he asked many questions about her — her studies, amusements, tastes — so many that I began to wonder, for in her presence he never appeared to bo greatly interested: He said that she was more delicately beautiful than any one he ever remembered to have seen, and asked mc if I did not think it almost sad that she should be buried in this quiet old town by the. west ern sen. Many had asked mc thnt before he did, but I only laughed. The time came when Leonard Esmonde, on some pretext or other, called every day at our bouse. Had I Ixsen younger, some remarks might have iicen made, but I was a model of steadiness in that part of the world. No one seemed to think of Gwendoline ; but I remembered my sister's youth, her beauty, her loving heart, her worship of everything true and noble. Mr. Esmonde would come iu sometimes and join ue, laugh almost gaily, talk brilliantly and kindly, then suddenly seem to remember something, and rising hastily, leave us with .many apologies. , Ho seldom removed his eyes from Gwendoline's face when she was in the room, but, if her eyes met his, he would hastily avert them, uiid begin to talk rapidly. l'ho more I saw of him the better I liked him ; he was a gentleman of stainless honour, of high integ rity, of "thorough principle. .His lips. could ncVcr- Iiayc been stained with a lie or a false, mean word. His thoughts and ideas were all alike, and could only come from a noble heart. . One evening wc had quite a little impromptu tea- jiarty. Our doctor — Doctor Curtiss — and his wife came in ; Mr. Esmonde, j Missing accidentally, as usual, saw the Doctor's face and entered, only too pleased, I saw, to join the tea-table. There hrnl been a sad occurrence in our little town of Overton 5 I do not wish to dwell upon it. A liidy, loved, honoured, nnd of high repute among us, bail left her home, and to her husband's despair, ho dis covered that ever since his marriage she bad lieun carrying on on intrigue with one whom he supposed to lie his dearest friend. Wc should one and all have been pleased to bury ' tho shameful details, but the injured husband applied for a divorce, and through the length anil breadth of tho county the whole sail story of his wrong and her shame was carried. People said he would marry again, for his children were young ; nnd it was upon this topic that our conversation turned. "I think it quite right," said Doctor Curtiss;.thc present law of divorce seems to mc excellent, if . a man's life is.blighted and spoiled by a bud wife, lie ought to have a chance of retrieving it by marrying a good one." "You are partly right and partly wrong," observed his wife. Then Gwendoline looked up, with a faint flush on her lovely face. "You are entirely wrong, Doctor Cnrtiss," she raid, iand her voice fell clearly on the summer air ; 44 no human laws, no human power, no human sophistry, can undo these grand words, and mako-them null nnd..VPidciXhQ9 ycbom God hath.iolned let no man tinucd, "that men shonld take to themselves the" power of falsifying words licke those." 44 But surely, Gwendoline," returned Doctor Ciir- ties, "you would have mercy on a poor fellow tied, wc will nay, to a terrible virago, or on a meek anil defenceless woman delivered by law to the power of a cruel tyrant with whom her life is not safe?" Wc all waited with some little anxiety for her answer. "That is a different inntter," she said. Where there is danger to life or reason, I think people ouht to bo separated. I only object to the divorce which sets a man or woman free to marry again." It was Leonard Esmonde who now >okc. . 44 You' arc right," lie said, "Miss Gwendoline: All my hcqrt goes with you." "You are both too sentimental for the age you live in," retorfed Doctor Cnrtiss; anil by mutual consent the subject dropped. Such an opinion was characteristic of Gwendoline. She wna of the true metal that mokes maatyrs and heriones : she would not do wrong to save her life. After that Mr. Esmonde seemed to feel even more at his case with us. Though he said little to Gwen doline, there was >crfect sympathy lietwecn them. Every noble word of his found an echo in her heart ; every true, reverent, and beautiful idea of here seemed familiar to him. He become to mc at lost a dear friend— a brother in kindly affection. He was never happy unless he was doing something to give us pleasure; yet no word of love ever passed his lips. Wo had been to Castlcdune. Mr. Esmonde gave a grand entertainment. I do not know whether I was pleased or sorry that he did not distinguish Gwendoline in any way. Certainly who was queen of the fete ; and n queen she looked in her dress of blue velvet, trimmed with old point lace, one lavgc \- pearl, thnt bad been our mother's, at her white throat. lie was chivalrous, courteous, and kind. He danced with her twice, anil seemed careful to avoid drawing attention to her, lest jieople should com ment upon it, and join bcr name with his. lie looked very unhappy one morning as lie came into our pretty, bright drawing-room ; and when 1, who really liked and valued him, asked what was the matter, he raid that he had received a letter which grievously annoyed him. He told me no more, and I iltd not like to press him with inquiries; bat from that day he was changed, lie spoke no more of improvements on his estate ; he said nothing more about his future plans ; the weary look deepened, the hnndsomc face grew worn and thin. Once, when we were talking, ho said to rae — 44 1 do not remember my brother, Miss Charnlcy, and I never had a sister. I cannot tell you how I long for the influence of a good, pure woman. I would give half my fortune if I could have A sister like you. It can never be, I suppose." I saw plainly enough at last that there was some mystery sopping and eating his life away, .making wealth, case, position, anil all else only the more distasteful to him. Another thing I discovered: let his feelings l>c what they might, my sister hail learned to love him with her whole heart. She was not clever at disguising her thoughts. She hid them from, him, but rkc. could not conceal them from mc. They come lack to mc now, those long hours in the sweet fragrant dusk, when her golden head lay on my knee, and she talked of all the sweet simple tender thoughts that filled her mind — and they were nit of hira. . . I dared not say anything to her. I dared not warn her, lest her mind should" dwell more than ever on him. I said little, but listened, uud prayed to Heaven in my heart that no harm or sorrow 'might come near her. . , . , So the -summer passed. ' The flowers ificd,. the birds sought sunnier climes, the fruit ripened iu tbc orchards — autumn was stripping the leaves from the trees. Still Leonard Esmonde. haunted our house; he would sit for long hours together gazing at my sister, and then leave her with despair on his face. 44 Doris," he said to ine one day — wo had grown so familiar that' he always used my Christian, name — " Doris, do brave men ever run away from danger,' or is it only cowards.wbo.IlcQ? " : . 14 Cowards play with certain forms of danger,," I. replied; 44 they have not. the courage, if the risk be a pleasant 011c, to shun it. And some of the bravest uien have fled whero they could not conquer." " 80 must I," he sold, smilingly, leaving mo to wonder what ho meant. But Christmas was coming, anil thcro was much to be done at Castlcdune. He said no more about going away, yet I knew, as well as if he had told mo in words, that he would go awny when Christmas came, and that wo should see him no more. 1 did not tell Gwcndolinu — I rarely mentioned his noino; tho child was lost in the glamour of her love- dream, bho did not know what led bcr, restless and longiug for die knew not what, to stand watching at the windows to sec if he were coming. I know now thnt crcn then Leonard Esmondc's face stood be tween her and tho bright heavens — yet never hiding the licauty of them from her. I tried not to think of the time when he would be gone, and bIio would wake th find the whole lore of her heart, given with such lnvish abundance, given in vain. I . . Would it have been better if I bad taken herawny then, and let her consider mc cros3, capricious, and . unreasonable ? . I cannot say. My faith was great that our lives were shaped by a mightier hand than our own. Chapter III. Christmas Eve at last — a cold bright day,; with the snow lying thick upon the ground. The bells of Overton church wcro ringing; Gwendoline and lent listening to the penl. Tlicy .rang the knell of many a sweet hope, of many a bright dream, of many a false love;' they rang in sorrow for the ill-deeds done, the wrong, the sin, the misery that would be buried when the old year died only to rise again with the new; they rang for hopes lying dead, trust betrayed, blighted lives, broken hearts, ruined souls, new-made graves, desolate homes; they rang for widows' tears nnd children's moons, and the despair of brave men for the unutterable woe and sorrow sown broadcast over the fair peaceful earth. They rang ond the winter wind sobbed around them, sighing among the bare trcees, and moaning for the giant whose last hour was come. While the rail sweet chimes filled the air, Gwen doline sat at my feet listening with fear nnd awe and hope in her bright eyes. The picture rises before me again : the lamps lighted, the crimson curtains drawn, the room filled with a rose-red glow, a fire burning brightly, a few winter roses and evergreens in the tall graccfnl vases, books and papers on tbc table. Deep in the heart of the crimson light rat Gwendoline in her white eyening dress, her fair face flushed, her eyes the brighter for tears, her hair falling like a golden shower over my dress. We expected "no visitors, and rat at our cose, Gwendoline talking to mc as she did when wc were alone, with the simplicity of a. child, and the pathos of a .woman — I listening, half smiling, wondering were ever thoughts so sweet. Above tho clashing peal of the chiming bells we heard the roaring of the sea as the waves thundered 011 the rands. "Does tho sea know that it is Christmas Eve, I wonder?" said my sister. "I can hardly believe, Doris, tluit the ocean is a dead mass of water. It rages, foams, smiles, and destroys; its beauty is living, its wrath if ns terrible as the angry heavens; there arc brave mcu sleeping by thousands in its cold amis. Is it altogether dead, sister, do you think — thai 'won derful sea?" 44 It has a life of its own," I replied, not knowing what to say. Her poetry puzzled me. " So have trees," she said, 14 and flowers. Do you not think that there may be some points in their lives which touch ours? Do they know anything of sorrow or joy, of pleasure or pain; or do they give us fragrance, shelter, warmth, nnil pleasure, simply because God ninile them for us?" I bad no time for reply ; for the door opened, and Leonard Esmonde came In, bringing with him a rush of cold night air, a touch of the hard frost. Snow had fallen from the trees upon his coat, yet neither frost nor snow coulil have looked harder or colder than his fucc. " If you move," he raid to Gwendoline, "I shall retire. Let mc be at borne with you for once; let mc take tbc memory of that picture with mc. You arc a picture with your white dress iu the heart of the crimson glow." Thcro was a new pain in his voice, a pain of lone liness and sorrow, that v.c did not understand. "Bit down — we will not move," Isaid; you will add to our circle, not disturb it." 44 1 have run away from Castlcdune,' be remarked. 44 The wind moaned so terribly and the bells brought so many ghosts before mc, Doris, that I did what you say brave men do— I ran away." 44 What ghosts did you see?" asked Gwendoline, raising her flushed focp and bright eyes. "Thc samc that haunt all men," he answered— the , ghosts, of a lost liic. ruined .expectations, broken He brought a Turkish cushion, and, placing, It on a chair, leaned upon it ;.wc were nil silent, while the bells pealed and the wind moaned. 44 It is many long years," be said, presently, 44 since I made one of a happy home circle like this. I wonder sometimes if my mother, whose lovo is the only love remember, knows what my life has been since slic died.4' . . The shadows wore still with hiin, despite the white picture in the crimson glow. "The bells ring what is a ilcath-knell to mc," he continued ; ".they ppeak with a loud voico, telling' mc that I must flee from danger, Doris, that I must . bind together shattered hopes, broken dreams, dead wishes, and moke the best I can of them. Women weep, I suppose, when hopeless sorrow crushes tbera ; men in such a case must bucklo 011 tbeir armour and go out into the world — or die." 44 Which will you do?" I asked, touched in my inmost heart by the unconscious sadness of his voice. "I?" he replied. 44 Well, an hour ago, when I sat by my lonely hearth, listening to the weird wild music of the wind and the bells, I said to myself that I bad better die. Now I mean too live — to put on my armour, and go out to do battle." The firelight flashed on his fair, sad face, and T saw there what 1 had never seen before. 44 You said 'hopeless sorrow' drove men out to fight," said Gwendoline. 44 Surely, you have no trou ble worthy of such a name?" I saw the quiver of her scarlet lips — I saw the little hands tremble as she spoke. . lie turned to her, and until I die his look will haunt me — tho pent-up love, the Borrow, the yearn ing of long years seemed to be in it. , 44 1 must not bring my shadows here," lie replied; 44 nor can I spoil what is probably the last happy hour of my life." He turned from -her- then, and looked only .at me, as he continued — 44 1 am going away, Doris, You say, brave men often flee from danger. I am going, and I do not think I shall ever sue Castlcdune again." He drew breath with what sounded liko a bitter sob, and once more a deep silence fell upon us. I felt the golden head grow heavy on my arm. I raw a dim shadow creeping into my sister's eyes. I bent over her, and touched her lips for a moment with my own. She lay calm and still, her face whiter thuu tho pretty dress that shone in tlie firelight. 14 See how selfish and thoughtless I am!" cried Mr. Esmonde ; " I forget in my own pain how tender of heart good women arc, and that you, Doris, may lie sorry to 'lose me." "We shall both be sorry," I said, and he looked quickly at Gwendoline. Just then came a terrible gust of wind; it bent the tall pine trees, and seemed to tfbnkc the house ; it drowned even the thunder of tho waves and the sweet chime of the bells. " Heaven help all nt sen!" Raid Leonard Esmonde, earnestly. "There will be many this night who will never se'e Iand again." His remark reminded mc of something that I had read that morning. "Did you sec the account of the terrible shipwreck in to-day's paper?" I asked him, anxious to divert Gwendoline's thoughts. No," he raid, "I have not even opened the Timet" 44 A large steamer was coming from America," I said; and the story of how the people on board of her died, is the grandest I hare ever met with." 44 What is the name of the steamer?" he asked, in a strange voice. 44 The Queen of the fibnia," I said. "Hero is tho Timet — read the report to us." ;He took the paper hurriedly from my hands, and the firelight showed that his face was deadly pale. Then he read to us the subliniejyct sorrowful story that thrilled the mighty heart of England — of tho ship mauncd by her honest sons, and ruled by brave ofli- cers— of the deadly storm that hod shattered one of the noblest vessels that over left -our shores— the story of men who stood with folded arms and brave serene faces amid the horrors of a darkening sky nnd tempestuous. ocean, and met their death iu grand silent heroism— of women who gathered their chil dren together and knelt amongst them, praying, while - the black hungry waves rushed over them — of fair- foccd girls who stood calmly antidst untold horrors, and afterwards, with the words of Holy Writ on their lips, sank into the sea. Such a story 1 Wc wept as he read of England's sons aud daughters, whose courage teaches them so well how to die. He read of the boats filled with women, all quiet and earnest, then tossed by-thenngiT waves into unfit- thoracd depths. Of all that ship s company, num bering three hundred and seventy souls, or)t the steward and two of tbc sailors reached England. Then followed a list of names of the drowned — fathers, mothers and children, lovers, sisters and brothers — he read them and laid down the paper, weeping as strong men rarely weep. We thought the story bad excited him — it would have moved a "heart of stone" — and I tried to 60othc him; but that passion of tears was never caused by printed words. 44 1 ain ashamed of myself," ho exclaimed; 44 only women and children weep. I never rcraoinber shed ding a tear before, and perhaps never shall again." "It is a terrible story," 6oid Gwendoline, with a shudder I 44 of nil deaths, drowning In the dark, in black, scethiug, angry waters, sceuis the most terrible." " Heaven have mercy on them ! " he said; anil iu the silence that followed I wondered if ho was praying. Wc chatted until the bells ceased chiming; then wc stood up as it were by instinct, and Leonard ctimc to mc. "Doris," he raid quietly, 44 1, shall not go to-mor row; let me come to sec you' instead." "When he had bidden me good night, he turned to Gwendoline, and, bending over bur, kissed her beautiful brow, with n murmured blessing on his lips. Chapter IV. . I mode 110 comment when the door hod closed behind Leonard Esmonde, and be had gone out into the cold, leaving us in the dawn of the Christmas Day. That salute of my sister's face seemed ' to mo solemn as a betrothal, and she was too happy for \vord8. Christmas Day dawned bright and clear, the sun shining on the drifted snow, a jubilant gladness in tho cold bracing air. Gwendoline went out early with her little basket, for the poor around ua looked upon her ns a guardian angel. She had not been gone very lonj, when Leonard Esmonde came. I missed something from liis faco — the weariness, tho indifference; there were eagerness and love in it now. "Doris," he8aiJ, "spare mc an hour, and let no one interrupt us. I am come to tell you a story — to place my life in your hands." I gave orders that no one should disturb us. We sat near the fire, and the beams of the winter sun shone clearly upon us. The church bells were ring ing again — it was all of love and hope this morning —while from the pine- woods came a solemn chant in the munnarings of the wind. Leonard Esmonde begun tho story of his life; it held a passion and a mystery, 1 was certain. Years ago he remembered living with his widowed mother in a small German town where she taught English, French, and music. What brought ner there he never kucw, unless it was that she thought it would be cosier to gain her livelihood by teaching abroad than by teaching at home. 8he taught him to revere the memory of his father, who died while ho was a child ; she taught lurn to honour and reve rence the old race, the Esmondes of Castlcdunc, of whom his father was a descendant ; 6he taught him to livc'ordcrly, to serve, to fear, and to love God. While her lessons were still fresh In his mind she died, nnd lcft.him alone in the wide world. The story of his wandering, artistic life was vivid and picturesque. He studied under an eminent artist living at Munnheira ; and although the pupil was not a genius, still he produced pictures that were well spoken of. 1 give Leonard Esiaondc's own words:— "I felt that 1 had it in me to succeed, Doris," he raid. "My hopes were great, my ambition was boundless. I loved my art with an intensity of pas sion. The changing glory of the skies, the solemn faience of the starlit nights, the moon shining on the wra, the green of the forests, tho yellow chalice of tho kingoups, the white hearts of odorons lilies, the dew trembling upon ascarlct rose, the flush of dawn, the golden gray of the gloaming — oil had a charm for mc such as they weave only round tho artist's soul. Life lay before me— time for the study of true art, time for reproducing on canvas the fair faces of the women of old, the glory of god-like men, the innocence and grace of childhood. I hod no sordid cares — the little fortune my mother had left ma was sufficient for rov daily bread. . 41 In an evil hour, Doris, I went to America— to South America — to execute a commission for a weal thy planter, who. lived near Macoho, where the ocean roils up to the very feet of the city. 44 It was an evil hour. 1 was young, my sonl filled I raw— looking pn'all with' the eye of axfartist, who seesall as it'should be in ,the natural harmony of things, and not witli the sense of a' man' who 'sees reality and only dreams of romance. 44 The instincts of my race were strong within me — the chiyalry that could never let a woman suffer — the daring that would ever take the port of the against the strong; , , .. r "In the bouse of he planter, a man of Spanish descent, whose name was Leon Los Rados, there lived a young girl distantly related to kith ; .she 'was the daughter of a Spanish father and a Creole toother, anil was cfillcil Juanita Corvano. - ".Of her beauty I can give you hat a faint idea — it was glowing, magnificcut. She was not fair as arc the daughters of Northern climes. . She wast(dl, with well-moulded limbs, neck, and shoulders, sucu as one sees , in old Grcciau statues. No English Jllles and roses bloomed on licr face; it was brown and clear, with a fain£ red flush always coming and going beneath the skin. Her eyes were large, dark, and luminous, full of. fire and passion; her lips were ripe and curling ; and dark bur crowned as proud a head as was ever carried on woman's shoulders. " Ah, Doris, it is not human blood that flows in the veins of such a being as Juanita— it is rather liquid fire. Once aroused, it would be cosier to wean a tiger from his prey, a lion from his food, a bloodhound from his track, than to save those who arc lured by such beauty to ruin and death. I whs a simple-hearted, chivalrous boy, full of the notions of honour which my .mother hnd taught mo— Juanita was' a fiery passionate woman, whose' beauty was" rich and gorgeous as that of a passion-flower in the sun. "She ib dead, and li'ch faults must lie between IJeaycn and herself. Think what they were, . Doris, when they have hardened toy heart 'so that T cannot mourn for her — I cannot lament bcr. . 44 It shames .the ninnhood within inc to remember how she lufed me with her rich beauty, how easily I fell into the trap luid with such consummate skill. Let the story rest. I was young, and under the heat of those fervid skies men arc not always cool and calm. We lived in. a paradise of flowers and-fra- grance— such fragTuricc as never reaches these climes — where the sunlit air was faint with the dropping sweetness of leaf and tree— where the bloom anil the colour, tlic gorgeous hues of birds and flowers, seemed to blind me— where the long odorous nights were almost as bright as day. \- 44 Juanita followed me everywhere— undcr tall sy- ringa trees, by the deep lak'cs where sleeping lilies lay, along forert paths where scarlet and gold and purple lay under foot ; everywhere she contrived to meet me. She played with my heart, Doris. She had the burning eloquence, the deep passion of Southern women, and I was only a boy in years; she moved mc to sadness and sorrow by the story of her solitary life, her loneliness, the hard usage she re ceived in the planter's house; she set ray heart on fire with passionate words and the lore-lit glances of her luminous eyes. " I swear to you, Doris, I never loved her— never, even when I pitied her most. High-soulcd men never love such women ; though they may give their lives, barter even their souls, they cannot win love. - 44 Looking back, I wonder at my own folly. I married her, Doris— this grand, fiery, . passionate woman. 1 mode her my wife, and in twenty-four hours repented of what I had done. This much I may tell yon without wronging the dead. 1 left the planter's house to return home. I had then no thought of marriage. Before I had travelled three hundred miles she overtook mc. I was resting in a large town near Lima, whither I had gone to sec an old friejid who was stopping there. " Sho found out where 1 was Btaying, and came to me. . Do. me justice, Doris: I had pitied her, and_ spoken kind words to her, yet 110 thought of love" ever crossed my mind ; but 1 was young and gener ous. She knelt at iny feet, she clasped iny hands, 6he laid her burning lips, upon' tlicm ; she clung to mc, and p raved me to kill her with my own hand,- rather tluui leave her behind. I was generous,' and could not bear that a woman should dio for love of mc. My mother bad taught ine to love honour, to keep mv life pure ; and I murricd Juanita, to my lasting horror and remorse. 44 1 know that few else would have done it — that I was a foolish credulous boy — still Ilcarcn is witness that I thought I was saving her honour and my own. " "NVlicn she was mv wife, wc went to Lima, and from' there to North America. To some, Doris, a fool's paradise is allotted; I hail not even that. Most people arc happy, if only for a few weeks, after their marriage — I was not. " Juanita's coarse, untrained, undi6ciptiued nature shocked me, ' I judged all women by the standard of my dead mother; this one was a beautiful, wilful fiend — she loved sin. Not to your pare ears could I relate the history of such a life, k ou have read in ancient history of women who gloried in rice and wickedness — Heaven pardon me if I. speak screrely, Juanita might have been one of them. I cannot tell you the awful shock that came over me when I dis covered her depravity ; sho laughed even at the art with which she bod won me. There wcro times, Doris, when I resolved to end iny life and my misery together. All love of art seemed to die away. I could realise nothing but my degradation and my desphir. 44 1 endured such an existence for two years. I have read of a certain old form of punishment for murder, in which the murderer was turned adrift with the dead body of the man he had slain fastened to him ; but I think iny punishment was even greater for I was tied to a corrupt soul. ' , 44 Sho offered, of her own accord, to release rae— not from my marriage vows — I hold with your sister that 110 earthly power can do that — but, finding that living with, mc was, too great a restraint upon her, she said that I might go' whither I would provided I gave her sufficient to live upon. 44 1 clutched at the hope of freedom. I promised her a certain sum every year, well knowing that it would require all my earnings, but I would have sold my life for freedom from her presence. 44 1 left her in New .York, and went to Verona, where I worked steadily at my art. I scut her tbc money I hod promised, and might have remained free, but that she read in a New York paper the story of my accession to the Castlcdune estates. Some weeks since she wrote to me, saying she in tended to rejoin mc, and should soil in " The Queen of the Waves" — that she hoped I would receive her kindly, and would try to be what I wished her to be. "And, Doris," he continued, "my mind was made up to fly, I would have gone to the uttermost ends of the earth — I would have givcu up Castlcdune and all my fortune — I would have worked hard for my doily bread — I would have died of starvation rather than hare looked upon Juanita's beautiful wicked face again. 44 1 was obliged to fly. for I hod learned what love was at lost. 1 hod looked upon your. sister's pure sweet face, and my whole heart had gone out to her with boundless love. I have suffered that which would have killed a weaker man, but ray resolution was made never more to look upon the face that is as the face of an angel to mc. 44 There is no need to fly now, Doris. My unhappy wife did set salljn the ship 44 Queen of the Waves" — her name, Juanita Esmonde, is among the list of the drowned," Chatter V; . Wc sat in silence for some minutes, the wind sounding like a requiem for the dead. ; then Leonard Esmonde continued — 44 1 need not perhaps have told vou my story, Doris — it might havo lain for ever in the silent depths of the soa— but I do not like concealment. I should not like to see even tho shadow of a grave lie between us. Juanita is dead. . Living, 1 prayed Heaven night and morning to have mercy upon her ; dying, I hope, she prayed for herself. She had time, to repent in that awful hour when tho ocean raged and hope died out of many a brave heart. \- »»I am sorry for her, but it seems as if a dark shadow has been lifted from my life, a deep grief taken from my heart. Once more I dream ana hopo and plan ; once more my art smiles upon inc, and I dare to think of an honoured name. We will not refer to the past again. 44 Now, let me speak of Gwendoline. I love her — oh, Doris, I love her so dearly 1 After bearing my story, will you give her to be my loved and chenahed wife?" . 44 Without a moment's hesitation," I replied; and he bent down to kiss my hand. "Tell me, Doris," he asked anxiously— "do you think I need tell this wretched story of mine to one so pure and. tender as Gwendoline? Decide for mc ; if you say 4 Yes,' .1 will tell it." i thought deeply for a few minutes. Heaven par don me if I decided wrongly ! 44 1 see ho ncM for it : let the past be buried," I said. ''Tell Gwendoline that you were married, and that your wife is dead ; there is no need to grieve her with the details of such a story." "Will you send her to -me," he asked. "I heard bcr den in tho hall some time since." I found her without, her sweet face' flushed with the winter wind, her golden hair blown iff rippling ivoves over her velvet jacket. I sent her to Leonard — old moid as I am, I can guess- what such' happiness as theirs was. He spent Christmas Day with us,' and long before its close Gwendoline had promised to be his wife. \- I understood why he wished' the luarriage to he deferred until' Jiin'c— it would give Iran time, he said, ; to prepare Castlcdune for its mistress. So for six months he wooed her as I should think the knights of,old wooed the Iodic? they loved, until her life became one with bis, and she knew no wish,no hope, no bappincks that did not begin and ciid in him! I warned her sometiiries that it was hot well to give the whole of one's heart to a linmnn being, to stake the whole happiness of a. lifetime on one weak reed. It wasall useless. . She loved him better every day— sucli was' her nature. Gastledune was fitted up in" magnificent style— Leonard Esraondb spared neither money. nortroubli had my sister been a princess! instead o£ hi Squire's . daughter, there could not have peeh more preparation. I do not like to think of the time — it was a goldfn time of unruffled happiness. - Gwendoline's sweet face grew brighter every day, and a deeper light cainc into her dark oyes. The weddihe-dar came at last — a warm, sunny June day, whim -the old church was carpeted with flowers and all the country side ' cabic to see Gwchdoline Clihrnlcy mameii! There rises before ine a vision' of 'my sister in her white bridal dress, &' wreath of oramge: Vtlrtagrtrnq 0n her golden hair, a veil of costty lace, falling round her, half hiding as lovely a face as the sun ever shone upon— a vision of smiles and tears and, blushes that dims my eyes and brings' the old pain' back to my heart. They were married and had departed.! -I.Bat iir ray old borne' thiiildn of 'the past and the fume.1 Leonard took his wife to see her old home in the Rbineland ; thence they were going to jYeroqa, tope visit the places where he had worked arid.'suffefcdl I promised to leave Eastfield for d timp'/tuid feke up ' iny abode in Castlcdunc, so that everything, should be ready by the time of their return. I wandered over the magnificent' rooms of that splendid mansion', where luxuries' seemed' gathered - frbm all parts of tho world; picturing to -myself'1 the coming time when my sister's fair face'shotild vnfcvg brightness and sunshine, when she should : be queen of Uic'brilliant/tfr that Leonard Esmonde; I kni'.M, would give. . ( , Auiongst other little commissions entrusted Leonard had asked me. to arrange an. old ,1)0$ ot " papers that he hod brought with him from VcronB- olu sketches and letters, memoranda and qotea',obqe of great, some of no value.. I .was, to destroy all that seemed useless and prcsCTvc the rest. ' ' I remember the sun sliining brigbtTy into the lit tle room where- 1 was busily at work thero Were uuiucrous sketches before me — noble heads of Romdn matrons, fair faces of Florentine girls; rounded limbs oi| children, a fern leaf of unusual rarity, a6prayof ivy, a ruined fountain, half-covered with moss and wild flowers. ' - I looked at them all the touch of a master hand 'was there. .1 tied up the letters in separate ; parcels,.. ; and from the midst of one. there fell a ana)! ^minia ture, the portrait of a beautiful, almost fierce 'face, with dork' luminous eyes that could, shinq.withilore or flash -with Arc, carved, scarlet lips that could bo stact, false,. or cruel ; to together a handsome, powpr- ful face, but neither goqd, tender, nor lovHbie/. It " might have' been the face of an Egyptian goflrieta, for the brows were straight and daw: ; or the face of an eastern queen, for it was full of majesty. ; Under-. , v noath was written, 44 Juanita, New, York,' ;18t/1 I knew then that it was the piituyed semblance v of Lcqnard'swife, He had probably '.forgot fen , its existence, having hidden it away among old papers. What should I do with it?; . ,, , / . I could understand better, when I held the.minia- ttire in my hands, the, strong, unholy, powerful influ ence that she must have had over Leonard Esiponde. There .fas nb escape from'the power and .passion" of - " those eyes — froni the smiles of fhfc curv6d!swc6t libs. ( Even now there was— or at least I thought so»a mocking laugh in tho' diisKy : ey'csi" I should have known the faco amongst a thousand. The tiihd caine I' when I was glqd that I had seen the'pictiiro. l. - When eveiything was ready for them,: Leonard Esmoude and .his wife .returned 'home. They, had lingered iu the Rbineland, among the grand! old palaces of Verona, by the blue watere of Como, and were pleased once more to stand on English ground., They were warmly welcomed by ten onto and . - friends'; we had triumphal arches, flags flying, -tyahds1 / playing. Through a mist of happy tears I saw my , sister again. . ' r She was greatly changed by her months of trtiVfely' k her girlish, graceful figure had developed; she bod been a lovely girl, she was now u magnificent wotnai , ; with just the same loving heart. - Leonard was proud of her, and she was petted,' caressed, and admired as a dearly-loved wife should' be. Sho was the life and centre of the, most splendid T T hospitalities ever dispensed in our part of the west.. It was September when they returned, and I remained with them for a week or two, until Gwendoline' became accustomed to her new bome. Tbejfleaa&t; autumn months flew by. I went bome to E&stfleldi; where the rooms looked dark and bare, wonting the! sweet face of my sister. Winter come, and Leonard;. ? mode the season bright with bolls and parties. . . : , We were very happy — for I seemed to form part; t of their beautiful life — so happy tliat, looking bqck:. r oh those bright days, it seems to mo that we possessed r an earthly paradise. i When Christmas came, Leonard said that I must spend it with them, and stop until the new year, t wish that I could forget Castlcdune in its Christmas dress, with its masses of evergreens, ivy, holly, mis tletoe, and the great yule-log., The peaceful hdpni- nesaof every one, for and near, whoni it was'in -tne power of Leonard Esihonde to make happy was studied. I wish I could forget that same Christmas with all its horrors, but that will never be until I die. The' roads Were all blocked up with snow, and tbS1 post-bag, which should have been delivered at Castlc dunc iu the morning, did not come until evening. _ Before me rises again the picture of the warm luxu rious dining-room, so perfect in all its appointments, - the light from the lamps falling on the gold and silver plate, the costly glass and hot-house flowers. I sec Leonard — his handsomo faco full of lovo and happiness, smiles and kind words on his lips, smiles in bis blue-blnck eyes. I sec Gwendoline in her favourite evening dress of _white.silk looped up with scarlet berries, scarlet berries or bcrwhite breast and, . in her golden hair, the fairest picture my. eyes overi ' beheld. ' ' - I Though none of .us mentioned it, I knew that wc. were all thinking of the same-thing — Christmas Ere twelve months ago. It seemed to me that, in .the wailing of the cold east wind I could hear, the lash ing of the waves and the cries of thora who wdre ! drowned in the heaving seas. ' , The footman brought in the letter-bag, but Leonard" '.' waved it back. . 41 Take it to the library, John," said hfr. Esmohdb ; 44 and see that the lamps are lighted there. I will . opeii it after dinner. r "Lazy Leonard I" said Gwendoline, with a smile. Ah, how we laughed and talked, drank wind and ,, made merry, revelled in happiness and' wtorath Ahi! love, while it lay ubopehed in the housowhilb .the cloud that was blacker than over cloud before' hang over us ready to break. Gwendoline left, the room. , with light on her face that was to shine there riftver more. . . ; ' ' . : 44 Make haste over yirar letters, Leonard," shi'said ; 44 we' shall take tea m my boudoir this evening. I followed bcr. to toe little robm that Leonard- : allowed no one to iarmnge but herself. Thehdhkings _ were of blue velvet and gold — it was a peffectrayine! for a goddess. The fire burned brightly in the grate; the lamps shon'6 like huge pearl. the yaheti were. . filled with costly hothouse flowers; the wattn air was - almost faint with their rich perfume. . !.. . Wc sat as we had rat twelve months bdfore; my ' darling laid her golden head on iny knee! s we Ms- ' toned to the wirid among the, pine-trees, talking of how happy, how unutterably nappy we weiei ' : Ah, dear Heaven, why could1 she hot hivc tlied then, before her innocent loving heart was broken? Wehad boen alone almost an hour, -.when came to the door and said . Air. Epmonde wpifld bo glad to see Miss Cbaraley. in t&a; library, ;.'f . .I)V" . "How tlres6m6l".saia Gwendoline. l4Brih niJA bock with vou, Dorla" I promlsed. little guessing what I lxA3 uhdfefta kiW. I placed her on the couch before Iwteht, belling hfef to : ' re&a;'a £host story in one bf 'the Annuals until I re turned. I kissed her swtfet, WhrtA Ups, 'find WdntV down to the library, where Lccrihra . sit toone, with a ghostly horror on bis face that seemed to freeze m'e where I stood. Chapter VI. Leonard Esmonde rose Whbh-1 entered the room. He locked Iha'doof, and turned to mo with' slich afl expression of unlold borror and awfttl'disfimy'thalT _ was frightened at him. Once — twice — thrice he tried to speak to me, but the words died from his lips, and tbe horror deepened in his eyes. I wtnt up to bim and laid ray hand on his shout- der — he was like a young and well-loved brother to inc. " Leonard," I said, " what is wrong I lit cannot bo death— and there is always hope with life." " It is itt>rsc, a thousand times worse than death I " lie cried. "You will' curse me, Doris, for I have wrought unutterable woe I What shall I do? Great Heaven ! what shhll I do ? " For the first time in my life I saw a man in de spair. I con no more describe the anguish in his face than I Coil forget his haggard look, his sorrow, agony, and pain. "I cannot tell you, Doris," he said, hoarsely — " it would be more easy to die." We stood quite still, side by side, and at that very moment th$;bells of .-Overton church began to chime ns they bad done one year ago. Tbe sound smote bin! as nothing else could havo done. "Doris," he cried, "my rioter, Doris, help me in my need — save me" in my agony I How shall I tell ittoyou? The woman — my wife — whom wc believed asleep in the cold depths of the sea, is living and coining to me. What shall I do? Ob, tell me what to do I V I heard the words and lived on. I saw Leonard Esmonde kneeling at my feet', I felt 'his' tears burn my hands, his voice seemed to round afar off, and still' rcbuld not recover from the cruel deadly shock. "We mu9t look it in the' face, Doris," lio was say ing, " and do the best we can." "How did it happen," I asked, half believing that I should wake up and find it all a dream. He put a; letter into my hands — it was from her— rignea " Juonlta Esmonde," telling him that she was alive and in England, and giving him the history of her escape. She, >vith the first mate and two of the sailors, had escaped from tho doomed vessel by means .of a raft constructed rudely and in haSte by the mate himself. She wrote a vivid story, of two days and nights Bpcnt onthe'open sea, between the dark stormy skies and the darker stormier waters — days and nights of ter rible privation and utter despair. She 'told' him' of an English vessel soiling for American shores that rescued them and carried them back to Ne w York. She had lain there' ill for some months. As soon as she recovered she set sail for England again, and on reaching London went at once,to Messrs. Norton and Gee, solicitors, who hod charge' of the money that Leonard had settled upon her. They advised her to write to Costlcduhe at once, and await Mr. Esmondo's reply in London. The solicitors, gentlemen of high repute and posi tion, hod written also. .They told Mr. Esmonde, tha.Vbecuuse oE the peculiar and distressing circum stances of bis second marriage, it would 'be better for him to como to London at once, and so avoid a painful expose at Castled one. Juanita Esmonde knew nothing of the second marriage ; and they had not mentioned it. I held the two letters in my hand, stunned, as was the unhappy man before me. I heard the bells ring-i mad merry chime that jdrrcd upon ine. I saw Gwendoline's sweet face lying bock upon the velvet cushion, as I had seen it a few minutes before — tbo face that Leonard Esmondc's lips must never touch.agjiin. ; All my heart went out to him. " You cannot help it, Leonard," I said; "you have done wrong quite unconsciously Heaven will pity us. Come what may, wo must do right now." 'fTo do right means that I must leave her, Doris," he returned. Heaven keep me from bearing such sorrow in a man's voice again I 1 "Yes," I said, slowly; 4<my sister must leave Castled one." And then — I hardly know how it happened — wo were weeping together, he with untold agony on his white face. ... . "Nevermind me, Doris," he said; " let us think of Gwendoline. What can be done for her? How can wc save, and sparo her? How can we soften the blow? If I had a thousand lives," he cried, passion ately, " I would give them all to save her." "Wo must tell ber the truth," I rejoined, "without concealing a single fact, and she shall decide what we are to do.r I shall never forget the few minutes that elapsed as we went from the . library to the boudoir, wnerc my sister lay in the warm glow. As wc passed the dining-roOm I went in and fetched a tumbler of wine, and forced Leonard to drink it I opened the door gently. I hope Heaven will pardon me, but I prayed. that wemigbt find her dead. fihc lay there, her golden head half buried in tho rivet cushion, her fair face turned to us with a smile. " How long you bavo been 1 " she said. " Leonard, you havo spoiled mo ; I shall never suffer you to leave m6 alone again." And yet; from this night forward, sho must be alone for evermore I He looked at me, and I saw that he could not speak. Perhaps his silence alarmed her, for she laid her book down and turned to him. "Is anything the matter, Leonard?" she asked. " Why do you look ro strangely at mo? Doris, what is it?" She looked with alarm from him to. me. I knelt down by her ride and took her. trembling hands in my own. "Gwendoline," I said, 41 you, must bo brave for Leonard's sako — for mine, for your own. Thero ia something wrong, oiid we arc come to tell you what it Is." She unclasped her hands from mine, atid threw them round Leonard's neck; she laid her head 011 hisbrcaat. "Icon bear anything," she said, "with you — arid nothing but death can part us." A low moan come from his lips ; oven as her head lay thero, and her tender arms clasped him, he knew they were parted for evermore. Will there over dawn for mo a day when I shall havo. forgotten the terrible hour that followed — an hour' when Human sorrow reached its height, and the joy-brils ruocked it as they rang? Slowly, cautiously, truthfully, I told her the story of tho rash marriage, and the misery that followed it ; of Leonard's separation from his wife, his firm belief in hcrdeath when 41 the Queen of the Waves' was lost, and of her being alivo uow and waiting for him in London. I did not withhold a single fact of tho painful history; and yet I would rather with my own 1 hand have struck the life from my riBter than havo broken her heart. I saw the tender arms tighten their hold, and the golden head droop ; I saw tho light die out of her eyes, the colour fade from her face; and, when my story was finished, Leonard laid her down gently, and for a few minutes wc thought Bhe was dead. Whilo she lay there &o; still and cold, the shadow asib were'ol the beautiful girl I had so lately left, (ho 'bells pooled' and the winter wind moaned. Leo- nardilaid his hvoe on hers, and I knew that in his heart he wished they might, out of the greatness of Hteven'ff pity; die together. But she was: young and strong : presently the eye lids opened, the 'mouth quiverea. "LoottArdr'sho whispered, "is it true?" f Every Word; my darling," he 'mooned, "every nnharipy word." I shall' never forget her. terrible despair, her ghastly faoc-her cries for relief will haunt me until Idio. Lednaxd sat by mc, as much to be pitied as my poor sister>hcrsclf. She grew colmcir at' lost— calm with a terrible despair. "Then I am hot your wife, Leonard," she said at last, "arid never hare' been?" _ "I believed you were," bo replied. "Gwendoline, Heaven'is more merciful than man." " Wbafrom I to do," she cried, the actual bitter truth sooxning tb'come to her only by degrees. , 44 Shall I— shall I have to leave you, Leonard?" y i cairaot;be my own executioner," replied Leo nard; '' my darling, I leave it with you— you shall decide. I am neither srirtrqrig nor so good as you aro; Isso wehi ahd sb wicked— do riot turafrom me, Dtothit'I cduld adt'you to fly with me to a distant land and livfe arid dfe with me thero." 41 But1 T AM riot'.ybux, wife,'"' she, cried, drearily, with a wiriful look aa ber faoe haid to behold ; 44 1 cannot accompany, you; orir lives must lie apart for evermore. 44 You must decide," he said ; " I can get a divorce from this unhappy , woman who has been my bane, but you would not consent to that." "No," she replied, gently; "no man can bo tho husband of two livirig wives." 44 Have some pity on me, Gwendoline!" be cried. 44 Think of the cold hateful lifo to which you doom mc — life without you. Heaven is more pitiful than man." 44 Heaven expects right to be done," she returned, gently. In that hour tho very sublimity of heroism possessed her ; she rose from the playful, tender, "I am in your hands," said Leonard; 4 you shall do with me a- you will." She stood over him, laying her hands upon his head, as I have seen good mothers do, blessing' the first-born, dearest son before he went to fight and die. . 44 Leonard," she said, firmly, 44 1 shall keep my troth-plight sacred until L die; I shall bo yours to claim where God's mercy reigns and human laws are ;iot. But in this world— oh, my love, in this world we must not meet again! I am not your wife — I can never be your wife. You ore the lawful husband of the woman who l>car9 your name ; you cannot be freed from her— 4 Thoso whom God joins let no man pat pounder.'" My darling," he cried, 44 1 cannot lose you I " "You .will not lose me," sho said, mournfully — 44 my thoughts, my prayers, will all bo yoUrs; but, even were tbe laws of God not graven on my heart, you could not ask. mc— the woman you love and esteem — to share dishonour." 44 No," was the sad reply, 44 1 could not." 44 Let us part," she said, wistfully, "while wc arc both stunned and deadened with pain. Nay, do not clasp your arms round me ; do not kiss my face ; do not weaken roc. Let mc go forth strong in sorrow." He did not offer to approach my 6ister — lie who had loved her with, ro mighty, ro tender a love. He turned from ber/ and buried his face in his bands, while sho quitted the room, never once looking round nt the man she had believed to belong to her, and to her alone. Chapter VII. I went with Gwendoline to the door of her own 44 Doris," she said, 44 1 would rather be alone. Such sorrow as mine must be away froui nil human eyes. Go baric to Leonard ; bo will need you mprc than I do." , I heard her fasten the door, and I knew that my sister preferred to do battle with her sorrow alone. If those cruel bells would but have ceased 1 As I walked back through the rilcnt house, their musical clanging, their grand sonorous peal, their constant song, 44 Christinas is come I " turned my heart sick and faint. . Leonard sat just where wc had left him ; he. did not hear my footsteps. When I spoke, he raised such a haggard, ghastly face to mine that my whole soul was iulcd with pity for him. "Doris," he said, 44 she is on angel. I was never worthy to win her." We sat together through the silent cheerless night, and talked of how wo could best screen and save my sister. The faint gray dawn appeared before our plans were mode. Then they were all arranged. A train would leave Overton for London at 9 a.m. ; Leonard was to go by that. He told me that he would never look upon the face of Juanita Esmonde again ; that he intended to give to her one half of his fortune, that she should novcr miss the luxuries and wealth that were his. She did not love him, she did not want him ; sho wanted only bis wealth, and that she should have. He decided to send away all the ser vants from Castlcdune. I was to do that, and the house was to be shut up ngnin. . He would go abroad, he said ; he could not live in England. He would go to Verona, and devote his time to his art. I told him that I would not allow Gwendoline to shore his income. I would keep her in all honour. The wrong was committed, but, if anything could soften it, it should be done. So we arranged that Gwendoline should remain at Castlcdune for two or three days longer, to save her fair, name, and then I was to take her away, not to Eastfield— there wc could perhaps never live again —but to some remote placo where sho could live un known. I promised to receive Leonard's letters, and to writo to him sometimes. When the day dawned, he had gone, and I was left to face my sister's sorrow and my own. I hod had little time to think in the sudden wreck of all our hopes. Now I wondered how far I was to blame in respect of all that had happened. That most miserable Christmas morning broke, and no wishes, prayers, or blessings for n happy season were uttered by us. 1 said farewell to Leonard in the cold, dark chill of the winter morn; and he drove from the houso that for some months hod been a paradise to him. It was broad, full day when I went to my sister's room. She still wore her evening dress, with the pearls that Leonard hod given her. During the : long, sod hours of that sorrowful night, she hod wept, but tho ghastly fear and horror had left her fane — .there were in it a strength and tenderness' almost heroic. 6Ue laid her haul upon my shoulder, as a tired child falls asleep. "Doris," sho said, " I have left it all with Heaven —take mo away as soon as you can." . She did not Icavo ber room again before Christ mas Day drew to a close. The day following I paid all the servants, presented them, by Leonard's wish, with a handsome rfouctur, and arranged with the housekeeper, Mrs. Savage, to remain in charge of tbe house— I could not bear tho idea of IcAving it empty And desolate. Then I went over to Eastfield, and tiiado my arrangements there; leaving ray old homo iti charge of tbe servant who had been with me for so many years. I took my sister to a small town in North Wales. It was many long months before she recovered health and strength. One evening, as we sat together, a sudden thought struck her. 6he drew her wedding- ring, from her finger, and, fastening it to a little chain, placed it round her neck. 44 Doris," she said, 44 1 have no. right to wear this ; .let it be hiddon thus until I die. Promise mc that, after I am dead, you will placo it on my finger. I have a right to it — in death." I promised, and for many months afterwards watched my sister's white fingers toying with the gold chain around her neck. I knew then where her thoughts and hopes lay. I cannot tell what those months were like, when from ono day to another I watched her wondering if she would live to see ono ther sunset. No word of complaint, no repining over escaped her. I havo seen brave women and true women, but none so brave or true as my sister, whose life was blighted, and whose heart was almost broken. I heard from Leonard that his' wife bad no wish to see him, arid absolutely refused to live with him. Sho hod come to England only to claim her just share of his splendid inheritance. He settled the half of his income upon her. It was a foolish proceeding perhaps; nevertheless I approved of it. And, when all bis arrangements were made, he went to Verona, and began again the study of his art. Juanita remained in London, under tbe same of Mrs. Esmonde; and though no one knew her real history, or guessed that she was tho wife of Leonard Esmonde, of Castlcdune, ber bcafcty soon mode her famous. The terrible ordeal of the shipwreck bad taught her a lesson ; foiythough people talked loudly of her beauty, her luxury, her love of pleasure, ber extravagance and violence, no ono accused ber of worse. From Verona Leonard wrote to mo at raro inter vals, and I duly answered his letters. For fivo long years I nursed Gwendoline back to health and strength. She recovered, but was never the same again— the playful, graceful manner that had been her great charm gavo way to a sweet, ; patient gravity— calm, grand, serene womanhood took tho place of girlish Beauty. So sped fivo long years, and during that interval we never left tho safe shelter of the little Welsh town; but, when Gwendoline's health and strength were thoroughly renewed, when her mind was re stored, to its original calmness, and her girlish love of art revived, the solitude was no longer good for her, and, at her own wish, we went to London, where wo could attend lectures, concerts, and occasional operas, whero we could sec pictures, procure new books, and live as one lives nowhere else. We selected a pretty commodious house near the Regent's Park ; and here wc lived, going littlo into society, bat attending lectures, concerts, and, at rare intervals, the theatres and Opera. We had been in London six months, making altogether five years and a half since Gwendoline and Leonard ported for ever in this world. Ono beautiful evening in June I sat near tho open window of our pretty drawing- room, the balcony on to which it opened being filled with fragTaut flowers. Gwendoline was busily en gaged in painting. Suddenly I heard a great noise in the street, a rush ond.a cry, the sound of many voices, the Shrill scream of ri woman, tho ringing gallop of a horse, followed by a hoarse murmur. I went hastily to the balcony, and there saw a terrible spectacle — a lady riding a magnificent Arab horse which hod apparently been frightened and was attempting to run away, she, the rider, doing ber best to restrain him, and her groom, who rode behind, hastening to her assistance. Pre sently the horse threw her, her foot became entangled in -"'rt+unflito woman was drag- ward, and catching the bridle stopped tbe frightened animal. There was a rush and a cry ; I ran down stairs. When I opened the hall-door, I found that the lady lay close to it,- and that the crowd was gathered round her. A doctor very shortly pushed his way through the mass of people, aud kneeling down, raised the poor bruised, Lattcrckl head on his arm. 44 Is she dead?" I asked. 44 No," ho replied, 44 not quite — not yet." 44 Let her be carried into niy house," I said ; and iu a moment several men came forward to help. They raised her and carried her up the staircase into my room, and laid her on the. bed, the doctor following. ' I told G wendoline not to enter, for, as I bent over tbe lady, trying to lift the thick black hair from the wounded temples, I saw before me the beautiful face of Juanita— Leonard Esmonde's un fortunate wife. Chapter VIII., and Last. I was quite certain that the braised face before mo was the same as that which I had seen, in all its splendour of glow and beauty, in the portrait at Castlcdune. "Can anything be done for her?" I asked, eagerly. 44 Nothing," was tho grave reply, 44 except to let her die in pence." I went downstairs and, to be quite, sure as to the conclusion I hod drawn, asked the groom, who stood crying like. a. child, what, was the name of his mistress. I 44 Mrs, Esmonde, of Hyde Terrace," said the- man. 44 Only this morning, I begged her not to ride that horse, and now it has killed her." I went to Gwendoline, who stood, calm and pale, in tho drawing-room, waiting for mc. 44 What is the matter, Doris ? " she asked. 44 May I help you?" 1 told her, as gently as I could,- that Leonard's wife lay dying upstairs, and that she must coinc and aid as.. She stood quite silent for a few minucs, aud her lips moved as though she were praying. Then sho laid her hand silently in mine, and wc went upstairs together. Gwendoline went straight to the bedside, and bent over the silent figure. I saw tears drop from her eyes on to the wnitc still face; then with her own hands she began to bathe the wounds and 1 loosen tho dark hair. Suddenly, with trembling lips, sho turned to the doctor, and said — ci 44 1 know this lady's linsbaud ; he Is in Italy, Will there nob be time to send for him?" "No," said Doctor Mordaunt — for such was. his nnmc — "before the fiiin sets she will be beyond all earthly help or aid.". We sent for one of the most celebrated physicians in London. Ho came, and looked at the white face and bruised temples. "She may be sensible," he said, "before she dies, but there is no hope. She cannot live." He left us. Doctor Mordaunt, Gwendoline, and myself sat through the long hours of that bright June day, watching by the side of Leonard Esmonde's wife. Wc said few words. Outside wc could hear the singing of the birds, the' distant music of a band, the shouts of merry children at their play; the golden sunbeams played upon the darkened windows, while the sands or that once strong life ran oat. It was Gwendoline who first saw the quiver of the closed eyelids, and, bending over their owuer, sbo wliiBpero'd— 44 Juanita, can you hear me?" " Who calls ?" asked the feeble voice. 44 A friend," said Gwendoline, bending her sweet pale face over tbo dying woman — " fry to ask Heaven to have mercy on you. I hope I shall be preserved from ever seeing a look of terror similar to that which como over Juanita Esmonde's face. 44 Am I dying;" sho gasped. "I dare not die — I dare not die!" My heart sickens now when I remember how fiercely she beat the empty air and called to us to Bavcher; but after a time .Gwendoline calmed her. Sho laid the gnilty head of Leonard Esmonde's wife on her own pure breast, and whlspured words into her cor that! should like whispered to me when I lie down to die. Gradually the ghostly face grew clearer. I always like to remember that I bent over her to catch her last worils ; they were — 44 Heaven have mercy upon me I" And then Leonard's wife looked up into Gwendoline's faco, and as she looked died. We laid her to rest in a cemetery near London, where a white marble monument tells that " JUANITA, Wipe op Leonard Esmonde, bleeps below. Gwendoline and I went to her funeral, and my sister's tears fetl roft and warm on that lonely grave. I wrote to tell Leonard what had been done. I con truthfully say that, had my sister herself ftUIeu ill and died, I could not lmvc done more to save her. Leonard wrote and thanked me. He did not write to Gwendoline, nor she to him; but all the same I knew that he would claim his lost love again. The autumn and winter months passed, and we heard no word from him. Christmas come with its snow, and tlio Evohad dawned. Again Gwendoline and I sat by the fire, listening to the chiming of the church bells, when Leonard' was anuounccd. Ho entered, changed, browned- by Italian suns, worn with much Borrow, but true to the only love of his life. That night I row him place the golden wedding- ring upon my sister's hand again, and before the New Year they were re-married at' St. Geofgc's, Hanover Square. Though the shadow of that green grave' rested upon us, it was a happy day ; and we travelled, as 6oon as the wedding was over, to Castle- difne. Our neighbours and friends never knew the secret of those years of exile. Tbey fancied that we had been abroad ; and, if any one entertained suspicions, they were never breathed to us. Blooming children play now in the gardens of Costledune. Edgar, tho little heir, is my favourite, but I think Leonard loves better the fair child with golden hair, whom he calls Lina, to distinguish her from her mother. Calm succeeds storm, day to night, joy to sorrow. The greater part of my time is spent at Castledunc, but 1 retain my old home at Eastfield, and go thither when I will. There I havo been writing my story. The wind wails among tbe pine trees, tho waves are dashing on the shore, bnt clearer than tho sound of wind or waves cotnc tho sweet old chimes of Overton Bells — the bells that ring for a merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, C. M. B. 