WONDERFOL-IP TRUE. TUB Fortnightly Bcview contains a startling article on tlio evidence of Spiritualism, written by Mr. A B. Wallaco, tho naturalist. Me. Wallace concludoe as follows " Tho objection will hero inevitably bo made : 'These wonderful things always happen in America. When they ooaur in Eaghad it wiU be tine «nough to enquire into them.' Singularly enough, after this article was in the press, the final test was obtained whioh demonstrated the occurence of a simitar phenomena in London. A short statement may, therefore, be interesting for those who cannot digest American evi dence. For 'some years a young lady, Miss Fiorcnoo Cook, * has exhibited remarkable mediumship, which latterly oulminatod in the production of an entire^femsfc form |iurportia^ and 'in'white (io"wig ^bo«AwWe^ho lay en tranced, in. dark clothing and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjaoint room. Notwithstand ing that tests of an apparently conclusive character were employed, many- visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceptics, sot the im £«smon that all was not as ft should be; owing j ^art to the resemblance of the supposed 1 spirit MisaCook, and also the fact that the two could not be seen at the some time. Soma luppotul Miss C. was an impostor who managbd to conceal a white robe about her (al though she was often searched), and who,although she was seourely tied with tapes and. sealed, was able to get out of her bonds, dress and un dress herself, and get into them again, all in tile dark, and in ao complete and skilful a manner, as to defy detection. Others thought thatjtne spirit released her, provided her with . white drau, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led onsgsnMnnun an onJnnt Spiritualist -tuMiwtiio eupposed spirit and endeavor to lioldit in the hope that some other person would open the cabinet door and see if Miss Cook was really thero. This was unfortunately not done; tint the'gnat resemblance of the being ho seised to MusOook, its perfect solidity, and thB vigorous struggles it mads to escape from him, convinced this gentleman that it «M Miss Cook heraeU, although die (est ol the company, a few minutes afterwards, found her bound and sealed just as she had been left an boor before. To determine the questim con clusively, experiments have been made within the last few wests by two soientifio men. Mr. 0. P. : V&rley;, F.R.8., the eminent electrician, made i use or a galvanic battery and cable testing ap puatos, andpassedecunentthrough MissCooVs body (by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires < to her arms). The apparatus was so delicate that any movement whatever was instantly indicated, while it was impossible for the yotmg lady to dress and act as a ghost wit .out break ing the sireuit. Yet under these . conditons the spirit form did appear, exhibited its aims, spoke, wrote, and touohed several persons ; ana this happened, he it remembered, not in tho mediums's own house, but in that of a private gentleman in the west end of London. For nearly an hoar tho circuit was never broken, and at the conclusion Miss Cook was found in a deep trance. Since this remarkable experi ment Mr. Wm. Crookes, F.B.S., has obtained, if possible, still more satisfactory evidenoe. He contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, ac comompanied by the spirit, and there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressed in black velvot, lying in a trance on tho floor while the spirit form had been, for nearly an hour, walking and and talking with tho company; and Mr. Crookes, by permission, clasped the figure in his arms, ana found it to be, apparently a real living woman, juBt as the sceptical gentleman had done. Yet this figure is not that of Miss Cook, nor any other human being since it appeared and disappeared in Mr. Crookes' own house as completely as in that of the medium herself. Tho full statements of Messrs. Varley and Crookes, with a mass of in teresting details on the subjeot, appeared in ! the Spiritualist newspaper in March and April 1 last; and they serve to show that whatever ] marvels ooour in America oan be reproduced j hore, and that men of scionoe are not precluded , from investigating these phenomena with scien- | tifie instruments and by scientific methods. i 