C|je Haptuttta f^erafti. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1874. THE REAL PROPERTY ACT. The Register published bn Wednesday a correspondence between* Mr. " Gr. F. Angas and Sir H. R. Torrens in reference to the recent. Commission on the Heal Property Ait." ^ BotV A'tagas andi Sir R. B, v Torrens attach; considerable significance to 4he <: fact- of ' seven members of the legal profession being in the House. They con sider that this had $ . great _ deal. to do with !the' affpoihtrbent of-Commission, and also ^-by ithe charSafcter of ;ithe.ir^portj issued by the Commission. ' " Most likely- there is some ;truth - in- -thissurqaise. 1".It. MLjdifficttlt tor ' professiamdmenv'espteeiaHy4fthey are men of wide and ; varied culture, to divest them selves of. the.prejudices belonging to their calling. The profes ion of law, in £ngland rat least,: has. been such a mass of gross absurdities and prejudices that the wonder is that any lawyer can get sufficiently outside .his own class feelings to consider any reform calmly and dispassionately ;? and the history of nearly all legal reforms is very suggestive. For the most part they have been devised by men such as Lord Chancellors or ex-Lord Gltancellors,- who having-made their own. fortunes first, do not scruple to urge on reforms which tliey, would have been the first to.h$ve resisted if jmade by some one else, at an earlier date. Yet in each depart ment x>f tlieJegal profession very great re forms are stUl needed. : Quite recently, for .example. Lord Chief: Justice Oockbijrn ex _pres3ed^hin^self _yerj._strongly upon the misehieVousieffecis.*r-eSulting from the license allowed to or .taken Jby counse)^ in cross examining witnesses. He instanced as a case in~ point that he remembered to have .seen so great a ujiah as>Sjir Benjamin Biodie; shiver on entering the witness-box. The coarse brutality and vulvar inquisitiveness often manifested, professedly with the view of eliciting the truth,7 -are enough to'-inakie ajay TsenaiUve and honourable oian shrink from the ordeal. : One of the. most .noticeable reforms of modern -times is- thatj- however, wbieli- ia effeeted by the Heal Property Act, by means of which" all tlie cumbersome machinery of the old style of conveyancing is ilorie away with. Singularly enough, in reference to this reform, history repeats itself. While in England the feeling is rapidly gairiing ground in favour of the Real Property Act .there, there are ,very manifest attempts here to try to destroy the very essence of the Act by the attempt to introduce provisions which would in fact open the way'for all the jabuses and complications of the old system. The real purpose of the Act is unquestionably to prevent the locking up of land by long and 'involved trusts, in the way in which very tnneh of the land in England is locked up. This is, we think, very desirable, and it is especially important to prevent it in a new country like ours. . At the same time, so long as tbe owner ship inland is allowed, trusts are a necessity, ileal estate may be left by will to persons under age. In such1 a case it must of course be held, by trustees for their benefit in the meantime. So far" as we understand the matter, there is' no provision for the recog nition of these trusts ; or land may be left to < the widow for life, and at her death to be divided among the children. Such a trust ought to be a recognizer. Nor do we .think the plan of entering a caveat is sufficient. The greatest diffitthlty, however,' arises ia the case of public trust property held for L churches,, or benevolent institutions. . The trqatejpi are the i®gi|tered owners. cqpy ; of tlie trust deed fiiay be deposited aTthe I Lands Title^^Beefljut no notice is taken of I it, and the trusts are not registered. The difficulty in some instances is met by intro fS^ng ifie^wor^s'^'no survivorsfiipirtf:.-'^ut \fe ^understand the- effect of these to be that k'less numberof"~p8rsons original -transfereea-cannot -deal -with-the - property- - :It is ~npt difficult to see the extraordinary irouble that this might occasion. Whatever may be done as to private trusts, there ought certainly't6 be apiWreiqn'bywhich publuT trusts could be made part of the title of the land jUntil diey at-e extinguishedVby the/ ekercise of a power of sale. This is a land of churches and public buildings, belonging not to private persons, not-built by private .piersons, but erected by means of general subscriptions. There ought to be some very direct provision under the Act for the recog nition of these trusts. At present, as it -appears to us, fraud is possible, and is only not committed because of .the integrity of the .parties concerned. We are not aware of any actual difficulty that has as yet- arisen; but it must be remembered that the colony is young and. the - Real Property Act still younger. < The possibility of difficulty, we think no one will question. We do not "write thus out of a feeling of opposition, to the Act. We believe it to be a - real reform, and we believe it is quite possibleso to-amend it that while retaining the essential principle it sought to establish, ' trust property may be placed ujpon a surer foundation; ttgui nowl = J : ^ : At the same time we do .not conceal our \- opiojon .jthat, th? ,.Xer^., negd for Jh§ Real . Prpp^rij^ A ctj &ad; ythe outcry " ion; jjt, are indications that an altogether new system of land tenure is needed. ...'the Real Property Act is a reform, but it is not a finality; and . unless: we < are; very? much.jtiMstafeeti/ before 5 very- many years -are passed- the further , reform of doing away with private owner ship in land will be effected. " Free land," to use MrrBcights phpasey "{is an improve ment uponi. ikndl encumbered with idifecult trusts." But the greatest gain every way would be to make tjie-State absolute owner of all the real property of the country, lessees or occupiers receiving their title to possession and occupancy direct from them. At present this reform; is in the hands pf comparatively few, and is looked upon with suspicion by the few oppenents of it who have devoted any attention to the subject. But the time will assuredly £oine when this reform trill /be as : imperatively demanded as was ~ the Real Property Act. Meanwhile we hope there will be no unnecessary delay in so amending the Real Property ict that ample security may be given for the. proper fulfilment; of all the trusits' of trust property. The WJEATHEB.-'Wednesday was a day tope remembered-for its 4vrat and hot wind; and may, we think, be chronicled as the worst day, as Tegards the -weather, which we have experienced for a long fame., ' - s ScHOOi.-^-Mr: John- Williams applied and obtained a licence at the last Board meeting forifiiifsfihool.1.'Mr/^Williays'bas for a number of years conducted successfully a school in Kapunda; but owing to a late retrenchment by the Board of /Education in" the ^ matter of Horaces, ^Mr- Vfilliams has fojind^it to^his -ad van-:1 fcage to 'TErftOvi: hd Ail&adale;,'ta]£ifig up^&ie;'sbtiool" formerly occupied bjf [M^.r SytapnsL JtJYENiXE CRICKET _ Clots.-Mr. Potter by an advertisement ia-another-column tlrawe at tention" EoVhe practice which we understand' has oflate been; rather-too "frequent, thatof soliciting! subscriptions for the formation of school cricket clubs. We are;grfeatiadmirersof the' "manly': game, but we think the-youngsters, as suggested by Mr.. Potter, should, cultivate a spirit of .self-, reliance, and'if they wish to play the game de vote a few of the coppers which we are afraid too often are foolishly'' spent, to the ^purchase of the necessary bats and balls, 'instead of making a Louse to house visitation for the necessary funds. ACCIDENT AT ST. KITTS-A. very serious acc;deut occurred at St. Kitt's Creek on Wed-: nesday. evening,- January &8, to an adoptedboy of Mr. Boynes, a farmer of the same place. It appears that the boy, .who is about, ten years of age, was sent after the cows, and whilst playing I on the summit of some rocks which form the bank of St. Kitt's Creek, he fell headlong into the Creek-his head /striking the projecting rocks ! in the descent. The, precipice over which he fell 11 I was a frightful looking place, and about twenty five feet in height.- ? Some children Who were'; playing in the bottom of the creek saw hita fell' over, .and ran to the nearest; farm' house and informed Mr. JBEart, who came up and found ihe; poor boy .weltering in his blood, ; with his head under him. He was at once taken home, and a doctor Sent-for, ;'who : dressed the wounds on his; head, which' presented a: dreadful appearance, The little sufferer cqth plains only of his head, his body apparently having escaped uhinjifred; and hopes areehtertaibed of his recovery. ' > ~Mk. MITCHELL'S NEW HOTEL, KADIKA.-The Kadina correspondent of the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser writes:-"The pale at, the old Exr change llotel on Saturday last of Mr. T. Mitchell's household furniture was. well attended, and ^bidding -spirited,' it. being: Mr. Mitchell's intention; welearn, to furnish tbernew hotel in keeping with the external appearance.- There is now a prospect that the want of comfortable accomodation, which has so long been felt here, will be supplied." WE OBSERVE that HY. Mttibhead, Watch maker and Jeweller, of Adelaide, has still further enlarged his Stock of Best Silver Hunting and Patent Lever Watches, and that having imported argely in American Clocks, that his Prices -are i now Lower. In Jewellery for Ladies .and (gen tlemen a quite new and varied Stock by the last Mail; also, JNew Colonial- made, and to Order: I Surveyors -and Mining Captains are desired to j take notice that H. Muirhead has just received from London the latest and best Mining Dials, Compasses, Theodolites, Protractere, Sextants, Drawing Instruments, &c.; Observe-Hexky Muieiikad, Corner of King William-street and Hiudley-streefc, for 23 years. 565-90 Cbickbi 7 ITEM. .-The Yorke's Peninsula Cricketing Association hare engaged Mr. Wills, of Victoria, as-" coach." >Mr. Wills is looked upon as the best coach in the colonies, and it is to be hoped, therefore, that he will make some thing of our cousins tin the Peninsula. WHEAT in -LONDON.-A London telegram of February 3 Estates that the price of wheat ia drooping in conse'qneztce'frf large expected arri vals, America having shipped half-a-million qusftAsrs within the last three weeks. Adelaide wheat is in good demand. The Education BOABD.-The Board is now reconstituted, the resignation of Messrs. C. B. -Yottng, J. Brown, J. A. Hartley, and Dr. Camp -bell- having been, accepted^.. .The 'othftr thref? ... member^ who. did not resign (Messrs. Cavenagh, A. Hardy^ and H. Sjpqitt) were reft^^d. following are now appointed - Messrs. W. "Barlow, B.A., A;-von Treur, J.P., Wrft fliydep" Si J- Way, Q^C., and Dr. Campbell.^ ^ ^ ^ 1111 ' Kaputtda AND UOETH-WEST BEND Boad. We have great pleasure in being able at last to call attention to an advertisement_ in another column, calling for tendiers for the making of tl|e|' above road. This is a work that has been.1 lofigi and"urgently required, and one which; we'have' never lost an opporhinify -'of ' reminding th6 " | powers of the great injustice of withholding. | Ther.bridge, which - ,w&s; evened' la^t seaseiij ^raTs?' of course a boon, to the eettlers ; but sthef roid? and approaches were in such a miserable state that .much of the usefulness of.this ^tractpif wm| done away with. .. By referring.-to. "Hanaara,"! we find; that Mr. Pearce, .on-October.29, IS73y < moved that an amount not exceeding £2,000 be ? placed on the Estimates for the: purpose of com-. .pletjng the bridge at HaiiBborough, ank1 t|ie; approaches thereto, on the; road -.between ,Ka- t punda and the North-West Bend? and p^erwi^e^ making good 'impassable places on 'that roadj Mr. Pearce' pointed' out the great injustice tke i district had hitherto suffered at the hands of the G-oterhinenfc'; that whilst Bomet^'""'^'^^®^^ I * .... . ] had been paid into the Treasury for. laiids ebld.: the district, the only money spent in return was f that for building : the bridge (£1,306): / iTfcetf "Gommissibner of Public Works! (Mri"Brigh!)| j whom hitherto we have 'not dftfen had the; pleasure ; of. Reckoning amongst thtr fiends -ofe the Light) at once.acknowledged the. justice ay$ reasonableness of the -claim, remarking that V.he. i was only surprised that thp wants of the =sefcfcleF% inthis district had not long before been troughs under, the notice of the Souse." In making this r statement, -however, Mrv Blight's ,memqiy.-i&-ak - fault, for we can assure him that since t!he time! when the road was surveyed,and cl^atred till now ( not an opportunity has been lost in reminding both the Parliament' andGovernirienk of fh^ gross injustice that that part of the lHsbiet£df Light was receiving at their hands in withholding ' means of communication with a inarkfet ;to: t£e% large number of settlers located there. 'How ever, things are now in a fair way of mending/* and we are sure the people of Kapmada" .noless than the settlers, feel satisfaction 'that. th$ir/ claims are at last recognized. One void more,] we have never bgen slow in calling attention to ' any want of energy on the part, of p.ur^n^ajiera^ to the interests of the district; and itis?Kwr a matter of duty %o acknowledge^ fte iKitmng z6al with .which Mr. Pea«j6. hj&'aqfepstqjl jthgj claims of this part of the be a gracefuLcomnliment"' Eapunda*, ;«&. well- as the Betters ' * " ** ?were, to use a somewhat vulgar phrase, " to eome, out of their shell" on the occasion of "the com pletion. of the work,' and acknowledge tite-servi^e^y of oui>;senior member. ? ?' ' ' ; THE" EjeGJZSteb:" jsp^Ma.J. J. D.^irjaNQB.. -In a letter dated February 2, sent through the Bkvl' jas.Btekfotd, Mr; Jennings denies; file authenticity* of the: statements-''ihirfB' fay tiife , llegisfer recentlj as to his} claims tb '&&4i&'e"of'' "Lieutenant-Commander.'*.. Without, however, attempting to go into'the matter/Mr. Jennings appears, to us to have ientii^ly .fjhiffred ifi^gioitodr» If we remember right it was- the- Alert wlfiiih. Mr. Jennings" saidiiewas in commandrofc-Then there is not a wo*d hi the letter about the state ment Mr. Jennings made- that- he\ had been an Equerry of Princess "Victoria. - " ^ :\ Instetute Lectubb IT at.ty.-The- contractor^ for this buUding is tnaMug satisfactory progses*. The walls are completed, and .the roof is tu^fr being put on.. ' OBDlUATIOJf OS WeSEEYAB" MlNZSTEES.-^-Ga Wednesday evening, February 4, the Sevs. S." T. Withington, J. H. Trevorrow, ~W. H. Eolfe, J. Eead, B. G-. Edwards, and P. :C. Thomas were, in the Pire-^treet Church, admitted into the Methodist ministry. The Bev. Wi- L. Binks, President of the- .Conference^..- presided, and there were also a ntrmber ©C other. Wes jeyanr ministers on the platform- After a hym n had been sung and prayer offered,, several of the candidates related the circumstances of their (Conversion.and their choice of ministerial work. The President then catechised according ? to the sefc orderrrof service the applicants as to their icbnvietfoh of ;beirig called by the Holy Spirit ttf the labour they had undertaken, their faith iff the inspiration of the Scriptures^ their belief in .the' constitution of the Methodist Church as set forth by Wesley,- and- their willingness to > b^ governed by the Conference,-and to submit»than.i selves to their seniors in the ministry."- . Portioha 'of this Scriptures were next read by the -President, aftgr wh|qh silent prayer: was offered^ hjjpogb having been sung; the ministers assembledf ap proached the kneeling candidates and. laid their hands upon them, the- President saying " Mayest thou receive the Soly Ghtret for the office and work of a Christian1: minister ' and pastor now committed unto thee bj > the im position of our hands, and be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of the Holy Sacraments. In the name of r the leather, andtof the-Son, and of the Holy G-host. Amen.'5 T^is was followed by a delivery of a copy of the Bible to each of the newly-otdained ministers, with'the words :-" Take . thou authority to preach the Word of G-od ahd to administer the Holy Sacra ments, the congregation." A prayer, having been offered a hymn , followed, and the Eev.-Jas. Bickford then read the_ordination charge, basing his address on the words, "I speak cohfaenpng Christ and the Church.-"-Ephesians v:-32. 'He urged; that the preachers should not be_ . contend with superficial and emotional discourses, but ought to instruct the people in the deeper doc trines'of the' Resurrection of Christ arid the-Ever lasting states of happiness and punishment. They should never forget that the great Head of their Church was Christ, and loyalty to Hini. in t^ie salvation of souls was strictly demanded *of them. He then detailed the various branches oT Church work in which the minister was called to derote his /whole-energy, and oondudedby point sg out what temporal support and brotherly ore was reasonably to be expected in return for a devotion to spiritual ministrations. The pro nouncing of the benediction closed tlie service, . "which was followed by the administration of the Xiord's Supper. There was a large congregation. -Jietfigter. 