THE, POPE AND THE GERIIANS. HIS HIOLINESS'S DEFINITION OF THE POSITION OF THE CHIUROH IN PRUSSIA. A VERY numerous and influential deputa tion of Germans was received by the Pope at the Vatican on the 22nd of April. The address to the Pontiff was read by Prince Furstenburg, and the Holy Father replied in the following words: It is, indeed, a great consolation to me to see you around me in a noble circle of faith ful sons, and still more so when I reflect that your voices are the echo of those of all Catholic Europe which are lifted up to de plore the evils which afflict the Immaculate Spouse of Jesus Christ, the Holy Roman Church. Nevertheless, the great solemnities which she places at this season before our eyes, and especially the memory of the Pas sion, the supreme and mysterious triumph of our Divine Redeemer's love for us, should be for me, as they are for you, a subject of re joicing and exultation. Yes; this is, indeed, a solemn season, in which it is most fitting that we should recall how many who re mained indifferent to the wonderful miracles wrought by our Saviour himself during His divine missions, were converted when they saw the great work of redemption arrive at its term, and the soul of the only begotten Son return to the arms of the Eternal Father. The sun was darkened at that terrible'moment, and darkness covered the whole earth :-" Tenebre factf sount super tuaivorsan terras." It was then that the good were confirmed in their resolution of following Nazarene. On the rest it produced this phenomenon: The weak and those led astray, seized with emotion, opened their eyes, and saw in the midst of the obscurity that which they had not discerned in the ful ness of light, and the recognised errors into which they had been led by the perfidy of the Pharisees, the priests, and the impious; but these, on the contrary, remained plunged in their iniquity. The weak and the de ceived cried out at that moment, " verily, this was the Son of God." They took courage and declared themselves openly dis ciples of the Nazarene. My beloved sons, at the present moment the earth is once more covered with the darkness of incredulity, and in certain parts of it the darktiess is the thicker because in credulity is joined to that infernal obscurity which takes its source from hatred to God ard His ministers. Baut this darkness itself reanimates the persons of the good, who, seeing the church unjustly persecuted, re double their energy, and full of courage, are preparing themselves to maintain her rights, and to do valiant battle against the efforts of God's enemies. The episcopate and the clergy of Germany, Switzerland, and in all partsof Christendom, united to the Christian people, are become in our day a spectacle of admiration to the uni verse-to angels as well as to men. They are as shining lights, which draw towards them the eyes of all populations, and many O cristians are thus brought to imitate their example. "-Oportef enia lduresos esse, ut qui probati soun, manifsti fiant in vobis." These errors and heresies proclaimed to-day, and still more wickedly sustained and spread by certain men in power, cause all generous hearts to manifest themselves by defending the truth, disregarding penalties, threats, and death itself. It is thus that religion shows itself great and worthy and multiplies its disciples, who are thus sure, sincere, reso lute, and constant ones. It was said in old times that the blood of martyrs was the seed of the church and of new Christians. This is what is now happening. The firmness of a great multitude, of which you form apart, multiplies the true adorers and disciples of Jesus Christ. But take heod, for you must not halt on the way, a counsel the more es senoutial that ravening wolves cease not to lay in wait for your faith and lay snares for it. All means seem good to them. They outer the fold by fraud; they employ violence by the aid of those in high places; they neglect nothing in order to attain their detestable end, which is the destruction of Christianity. True apostles of Satan, they rely on the tyrannical arrogance of certain men by the type of SBjanus, and persuade themselves that threats, exile, and prisons will prepare the way for the possible abolition of all trace of the Catholic faith. But do you, placing your confidence in the aid of God, redouble your efforts, and never forgot that human nature tends fatally to wards weakness and decay, and remember that you must persevere with courage, and that he who has put his hand to the plough must not turn back. To oppose the infidel and wicked press, then; to persevere in action; to take charge of youth; to protest by all legal means in favour of the rights of the church, who never has been, and never will be, the servant, for God wills that she be mistress; and to uplift your arms in prayer to heaven, and only to let them fall when the enemy is humbled and the sun has gone down. This, my sons, is the sum of your duties at the present time; these are the means I counsel you to employ in order that, united with your bishops, you may see souls restored to peace-that relative peace which we are permitted to enjoy in this val ley of our exile-and the suspension, if not the end, of the persecution of the Church of Christ. Having said thus much, it only remains for me to raise my own hands to heaven and invoke a blessing on you, on your families, and on all those who are absent, but whose sentiments you worthily represent and who think with and as you. May the Eternal Father bless you and penetrate your souls with a ray of His om nipotence in order to make you valiant champio is of the faith, ever ready to com bat and crush the pride of His enemies. May the Eternal S n bless you and give you the wisdom necessary to prevent the impious seducing you with their sophisms that wisdom which gives you the fitting arms to confound error and refute impiety. May the Holy Ghost, the spirit of love and charity, bless you and descend into your hearts. 0, Divine Spirit! Thou who art come down to kindle the earth with love, de scend now, and by Thy light destroy errors and convert sinners! Come down and bless this people now before me and all those who are animated by the same sentiments, and who are spread over the face of the earth. May God bless you, my beloved sons, now and for the rest of your days; may He bless you at the hour of your deaths, in order that you also, committing, after the example of Jesus Christ, your souls into the hands of the Eternal Father, may be made worthy to bless Him and praise Him to all eternity. Benedictio Dei. 