SPECIALITIES. PROPHETIC dreams have occupied the attention of the newspaper reading public a little during the week, and one or two gifted individuals have related their astounding experiences. But their narrations are baseless fabrics as compared with a special dreamer we employ. They may dream that their uncle Hezekiah appeared to them in a solemn manner, with a jack-towel round his jaws, and gracefully attired in a shroud made out of the one family sheet, and requested them to dig up the floor just where the pig ordinarily camped, where they would find something. They may have wakened with a start and carefully noted the hour, relinquished their seat in Parliament, gone home by the first ship, and re visited with a heart bursting with emotion the family mansion of turf in Tipperary. They may have learnt with open mouth (fit receptacle for the potato of their childhood) that at pre cisely that day and hour their revered rela tive passed peaceably away in consequence of shooting his landlord. They may have hunted out the pig whose ancestors they had in boyhood's days incorporated with their particularly congenial frames. They may have dug as directed, and, exactly as predicted in their dream, may have found something, to wit, the mortal remains of the old goose that was stolen from Father Maguire last Christ mas, and which the deceased uncle had probably declined eating from an equal consideration for Ms stomach and his soul, upon either of which the sainted cackler would have lain heavy. All this they may have done, hut our man can beat them at dreaming. He dreamed that he was walking in the Brisbane cemeteries. A super natural darkness shrouded the earth, from every seam and fissure of which a fearful phosphoric stream of vapor was steaming. His blood ran cold, and his heart Beemed to stand still when he saw this apparent vapor take the must ghostly forms. At first these shapes were pleasing and kindly. From the exhalations of a little grave a smiling cherub floated in all the grace of babyhood. On this hand a blooming maid evolved from the sheeny cloud; on the other a brave manly figure, or a venerable solemn face. He knew them all at a glance, and his frozen blood began to thaw as his baby child, whichtfighed away its last breath in his arms, his daughter's merry friend whose grave she had made to blossom with sweet forget-me nots, his bosom friend, his aged patron and adviser, and a host of others still dwelling sweetly in his memory, shaped themselves out of the igneous cloud. He could have lingered willingly in the presence of the beloved dead. But a horrible transformation took place. The lovely and dignified forms became distorted and gnarled into shapes so repulsive, that his brain reeled and mortal horror fell upon him as they floated away towards the surrounding suburbs. A supernatural force compelled him to follow and to witness the dreadful thingß that he had once loved stealing through the night, and cir cling like ghouls round the beds of the living sleepers, puffing Tile vapors in their faces, pbflbMpdMfif hands «r«r tb*r betting heute, and blasting them with secret- working pesti lence. He saw the shade that had at first appeared his child hiss death in the face of its living duplicate, the venom of her dearest friend's tomb strike the roses from his own daughter's cheek, the emanation of friend blast friend, and of father smite son—and he woke with the cold sweat upon his brow, chilled nearly to death by the breeze blowing into his window from the cemetery. He thinks his was a true dream too, and wishes these cemeteries were dosed. Some people are so impressionable. The Hospital Committee have woonded the feelings of the Anglican clergy, and in pursuance of their duties treated them to a "dressing." The reverend spokesman asserts that any hospital with a wise man at its head would long since have enlisted the clergy of all denomina tion*. Mr. Bramston, for the committee, replies, showingvery clearly that every effort to enlist them haspersistentlybeenmade. Every effort, didwesay? We are wrong. An important point was omitted. While calling on the clergy to enlist, it was for gotten to offer a bounty ! The reverend gentle men are prepared to get over that difficulty. They will make collections in their churches " for the benefit of the hospital," will keep half the money, and barter the other half for tickets of admission. If the first half will not exactly go to the Bick, it will go to the poor—in spirit. From a clergyman's point of view, the health of the soul is, doubtless, of far more importance than the cure of the body, bat it appears that they have got the two ideas a little confused with one another. The hospital is specially devoted to the latter, and when people put down their money for its benefit they mean paying for sur geons, not for parsons. They are willing enough to pay for the mending of a broken heart, but they draw a separate cheque, and don't care to have anything appropriated from their sub scriptions towards mending broken legs. The laborer is worthy of his hue, but that doesn't mean that he is worthy of anybody else's hire. It seems a pity that clergymen should make such a stir about the filthy lucre they are so fond of preaching against. A worldly party informs us that the same difficulty about " en listing" clergymen to attend to the spiritual wants of the St. Helena prisoners has been felt. Fifty pounds a year used to be allowed, and never a week passed without a clergyman going down and earning his fee, not to speak of eternal reward. The gratuity has been stopped, and it is said that the prisoners are allowed to convert each other ever since, the clergy being content to take eternal reward on a proportionately diminished scale. Those venerable antiquities, * the oldest in habitants," have been for some time strangely silent We had began fondly to imagine that their gift of immortality had fajled them at last, and that they were acquiring fresh experiences under the sod. We reflected with pain how unsuitable a location these garrulous old boys would find the silent tomb, and conceived it pos sible that, freeing themselves from their taber nacles of flesh, they would be shortly obtruding their familiar maunderings in spiritualistic circles. A feeling of sincere pity for the spiritualists arose at this thought. The suffer ings in store for these enthusiasts, in the form of the unmitigated boredom of the venerable de ceased babbling their authoritative fallacies in staccato rapping, a letter at a time, were dis tressing to contemplate. But the tough old parties are still, we find, inflicting their utterly unreliable experiences among the quick, and do not haunt the regions of the dead. They know no medium. They never did ; they were always at extremes. The ex treme they have now reached is the extreme north. They hail from TownsvOle. There we should be content for them to remain for ever, but the absurd old impostors have fastened upon some victim weak enough to work up their utterances into telegrams. The public is ac quainted, by means of the wire, that at Towns ville the sun has gone in for jewellery, and has appeared with several rings. The Townsville sun is as bad as the oldest inhabitants, breaking out into such juvenile follies at its age. At this ridiculous spectacle of solar dotage the oldest inhabitants begin to gabble forthwith. They pretend to an intimate knowledge of the sun, and tell, after their accustomed manner, awful lies about a previous acquaintance with it They predict that there will be a hurricane. There is seldom anything else where they are ; they blow one themselves. Of course as far as the weather and sun are concerned there will be a dead «lm It is a characteristic of these fatuous old dotards that their prophecies are invariably wrong. In the interests of society we would wish they would die, only for the reflection that they would bore all the ghosts out of Hades, and cause the newspapers to be swamped with awful appari tions. Ghosts may be laid, but what hen can lay old inhabitants. The men of old time who had the privilege of living before the discovery of the antipodes, when they spoke of any rare bird, were sure to com pare him in respect of his rarity to the black swan. Black swans were then the exception to the rule, very much as black sheep were. When they were met with they were remarked, pos sibly bagged, certainly made a note of. Since the providential discovery of terra Auttrali*, all this has been altered. The black swan is quite a common fellow now, for us. We can see him any day almost we like to go and look for him in the Bay or elsewhere, and, as we all know, it is the best fun in the world to go catching black cygnets before they have learned to fly. But who would have anything to say for black swans, if they could only have the pleasure of becoming acquainted with that really rare and beautiful creature—the white swan ? Most graceful of birds, and most musical, if we can only believe the myths ! " Sweet Swan of Avon," as Ben Jonson says of Shakespeare, or as a greater than Ben Jonson has said— Place me on Simiiun'g marbled stoop. Where nothing save the wave* and I May hear our mutual murmnnt sweep: There nwan-like let me shig and die. If any one is anxious to give effect to this exalted aspiration, and to live and die like a swan, though no doubt it would probably be rather difficult to live and die like the Swan of Avon, let that lady or gentleman go straight to the Botanical Gardens, or to that portion of them which is called the Queen's Park. There, stately sailing on a lagoon, amidst purple lotus leaves, beneath the overhanging shadows of the pendu lous bamboos, they will see, for the first time in their lives probably, a white swan, like to the swans of Avon, which are credibly believed to have been white and not black. Only think of a black swan of Avon ! One might as well think of a black angel of light. The thing is impos sible. And besides, Australia did not exist, or at least was as good as non-existent, in the days of sweet old Will. That dear bird ! There he floats on his lagoon, nursing a silent sorrow. Like patience on a monument,, he smiles at grief. He has lost his dear companion. There he is, all alone—a ram arit indeed. The sympathy of an intelligent public is asked for that dis consolate bird. He has lost the sharer of his joys and sorrows. And—strange fate—so too has the only other white swan in Queensland. There is another unmated swan at Maryborough. Are they not both miserable, and might they not both be made happy? Let us light the hymeneal torch, and thus unite the hearts which must be yearning for the light of love beneath those snow-white plumes. They are faithful creatures. There is no necessity for them swan-like to sing and die, either at Sunium or Maryborough. It would be much bett.r that they should live happily together, under Mr. Hill's fostering care, in the Queen's Park, and if possible that they should rear any number of precious little white cygnets, who will live after them, as they say some swans do, until they are a hundred years old. We understand that at the usual monthly Penny Readings at Indooroopilly, held at the school-room there last week, Mr. H. W. Rad ford delivered an interesting and instruc tive lecture upon the "Snakes of Australia," which was much appreciated, and that he has been requested to re-deliver it at Oxley, at or about the time of next full moon. Dcbixg the month ending Slat October, a total of 18,7290zb. Jdwts. 14gn. of gold were ■hipped from Cookbma. 