the "judge borough" system in victoria: To the Editor of Th Herald. Sm,— The ghosts of some or ine ucu»jr ) degradedllttle towns at home nloknamed Judge boroughs" (because they enabled little barristers of five years standing to be n, ii-MMirv as mages. prosecutors, Va.) seem to have "flitted across the broad Atlantio, and atartod into new life hero ; one of thoso is St. Ktlda, which is aarsing an expectant of £3000 a year to make " confaaion worse confounded in tin already accursed trade of colo nial pottifogging.t Nineteen years ago, while' a number of gennine reformers wore sdvocatiog a plan lor imparting a Bound literary, scientific, and military oducation to the youth of Australia, this person was not even heard of, yet all of a sudden wo hear of his being Minister of Education, and trying to inveat the administration of the measure with all the moan malignity of a hired partisan. - Of course ho will bo a por- necuted man according to his own showing, and thorefore entitled to convert public hatred into 3000 bank notes yearly. Verily this Australian judgo borough, if not turned out of tho tomplo of tho con stitution iu tho new reforms, muBt at least be removed into tho porch, for ao constitutional systom could bo uphold if a few bathing boxes were entitled to cla-m two members. As to tho reform proposed by Mr. Francis, I recommend tho people to have nono of it; unless it ombracos the re sumption of tho plundered lands and mines, otherwise they will bo laughed at for their pains. The erafty gontlcman Master Boynard only askod the poor goat to let him mount on his shoulders to got out of tho woll, and thon ho would pull him np. If tho people permit Mr. Francis to mount on their Bhouldere, thoy will fiud that all tbo past plundorandmalverao- tion in tho Land and Mining Departments was quite right and propor, and when they com plain that thoy expeotod ho would redresB it when they 'pulled him out of tho woll, ho will administer advice to them never te go Into Buch plaocs until they were sure of the meauB of getting out, Tho constitution of iho.Legislativo Council was framed oxpressly to grab these lands and mines, for every one knows '-'that oxporioncod tho Reform CriaiB of 1832 in England, whon tho King was compelled, to tell the Upper Honse that new peers mast be created, and the political unions wore burning with ardor for tho word of command to march upon London, left tho iramcrs of tho Yiotorian hnmbug called the Constitution twonty-three years after with out tho exouso of being ignorant that a Legislative Council whioh could neither be dissolved nor enlarged would be only an Instrument of corruption. Havo not the quondam ring droppers and " olo' olo, " mon of Holywell street used it exclusively as such i Lot us then have a complote sohemo of reform, something worth struggling for. aud if need ho, flighting for- — the rioh lands and mines now mado away with; the abolition of those judge boroughs, and a general electoral reform, will ho as much out of our reaoh after wo have exhausted our energies in a squabble with the pigs with soaped tailB, tho upstart, vulgar, and greedy legislative .councillors as before, and wo have nearly as mnch treachery and self, seeking to' guard against from the sort of persons who get into tbo Assembly, for thoy havo always been found to bo chips of tho samo block, with a few honorable exceptions, fellows who did nothing but look after number one,.' Let the people not budge an Inch until tbey see what flag they have to fight under:— Tourfl truly, SAMUEL GOKDUJN. Swanstou street, 18th March. 