TASMANIAN AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY . The Annual Meeting of the Tasmanian Auxiliary Bible Society was held in the Town Hall last evening. The attendance numbered over a hundred. The Premier, Hon. A . Kennerley, presided ; and amongst those present were — Revs. W . C . Robinson, G. B. Smith , D. Parry , R. McLean, R. D. P. Harris, J. W. Simmons, Dr. Nicolson, J. M. Bayley , R. E. Dear, R. Rogers ( from Victoria) ; His Worship the Mayor, Alderman Robertson, Alderman Brownell ; Messrs. R. A. Mather, Wither - ington, S. Scott, C. Crosby , Jas. Salier, T. J. Crouch, J. W. Woolley , Witt, &c.; The REV . W . C . ROBINSON having opened the meeting with prayer, The CHAIRMAN said , that in the absence of His Excellency the Governor, the President of this Society , he had been requested to take the chair on this occasion, and he did so with pleasure, for he considered it both an honour and a privilege to take part in the proceedings. He must, however, claim their indulgence, as for the last two days he had been suffering from a severe cold, which had pre- vented him leaving his room, and he only came this evening in order to obviate the necessity of the secretary having to ask some other person to occupy the chair. He did not intend therefore to make a speech, but he had dotted down a few heads, which he would give them in the best way he could. The parent society was now in tho 70th year of its exist- ence, and it appeared to him a circumstance of which Tasmania might well be proud, that this branch of the Society had been in existence for the last 54 years, had begun, they might say , in the early days of the colony . Tasmania must have been favoured in those early days, when amongst those who found their way here, there must have been some among them who might be considered like the Pilgrim Fathers who went to what is now the great American nation. It appears also, that 54 years had gone by , a period hard upon two generations, and although very few remained of those who formed the nucleus of this auxiliary , yet the mantle had fallen upon the shoulders of others, and this society at the present time was really a credit to the colony. ( Applause. ) Those who could look back to the period of time he had mentioned must have watched with something akin to astonishment the wonderful progress made by the British and Foreign Bible Society in the mother country . It had been fed by small rivulets, as they might be called, by a large number of auxiliary societies, till it had become like a mighty stream, and like the Nile, flowing through what might be termed an arid country , and fertilizing the land through which it passed . During more than half a century , the agents of the parent society had been energeti - cally employed on the continent of Europe. In some parts they had contended manfully against severe opposition — opposition in some cases causing imprisonment and exile, and even sent to the gallows as if they were felons. These agents had contended against infidelity and scepticism, and in some parts against gross ignorance and superstition, but their success had been exceedingly great. It was certainly a matter for much conster- nation, for those who looked upon the continent of Europe, that although we were now in the 19th century of the Christian era, yet any day a telegram might be received from Europe announcing the breaking out of war amongst the nations of that continent. At present it appeared that they were only wanting to recover strength to attack each other again. He could not divest his mind of the idea that these wars were more or less of a religious character. It was a great assertion to make , and he did not make it on his own individual responsi - bility ; he had read it in the public press of England, which took that view of the subject. But there was one cheering view that they might look at with pleasure. It was thus : — In the different international exhibitions of Europe there had been a Bible Depot opened ; amidst the display of the flags of mighty nations there had been unfurled the plain simple banner of this society — a blue ground, with a dove and olive branch in the centre , the emblem of peace. Thousands had been at - tracted to this unpretending banner , and they had obtained copies of the sacred volume and gone home rejoicing. But in other parts of the world the benefits of this Society had been felt. In the vast empire of British India, amongst the countless millions of the inhabitants, the work of this society had never been more successful than at the present time. They knew from what had appeared in the papers that some of the districts of India were being visi - ted with famine. The last telegram, however, was more satisfactory , it stating that two millions of the working classes were being fed by a Christian Government ; and it was hoped that the famine would be arrested , and that comparatively few lives would be lost. In former times, before Christianity was introduced into India, famines were considered the work of some demons to destroy the people, and therefore no efforts were made to save the working classes from starvation. Such was not the case now . Every effort was being made by the British Government, and also by the Indian Government to save life ; this was the great result of Christianity . In China also the re - ports were of a most encouraging character. The great opposition that formerly existed, and he might say still existed, in that country , to receive the Scriptures was being removed by degrees ; and now Chinese agents were being employed, very often at the risk of their lives, in distributing the Word to their countrymen. It was exceedingly satisfactory , also, to know that Japan, from which Europeans have been excluded for a great length of time, has not only been opened to commerce but to Christianity, and in a very few years, from the rapid progress it was now making, that country would almost equal Western natives in civilization. It might be known to many present that two or three hundred years ago Christianity was introduced into Japan , but from different causes the whole of the Christians were massacred , the emblems of Christianity were desecrated , and the people returned to their heathen customs. But he was afraid he was trespassing on their time. He had not forgotten that his place as chairman was to make a few remarks and then call upon the secretary to read the report. There was only one more remark which he desired to make at the present time, and it was this. There had been in this colony and in different parts of the United Kingdom much controversy upon a subject considered by many of some importance — he alluded to apostolic suc - cession. His friend on the right ( Rev . W . C . Robinson) had lately been delivering lectures upon the subject, and he ( the speaker ) was much pleased with the view the rev . gentleman took . He had a proposition to make this evening, and he would introduce it by putting in the claim of the Bible Society to the true apostolic succession. ( Applause.) His reason for doing so was simply this. As a churchman, he knew that Sunday last was Whitsunday ; and although he was prevented from being at Church, he did not forget to look into the prayer - book and read the epistle and lesson for the day , Acts, 2nd chapter , first four verses. [ The hon. gentleman read the verses]. This was, he considered, one of the most encouraging passages in Scripture, in connection with the work of the Bible Society. The men who were enabled to speak in many tongues went into various parts of the world and were employed in spreading the truths of the Gospel. In the present day what had been done ? This Society had em - ployed the pens and talents of learned men, religious men, men who had devoted their lives to the translation of the Scriptures into all tongues. Therefore if they fairly considered the subject, he thought they would see with him, that the society was entitled to claim the true apostolic succession. ( Applause.) The Rev. R. E. DEAR (secretary to the Society) then read the following report : — " ' During sixty - nine years, ' says the report of our Parent Society, ' the British and Foreign Bible Society has been diligently and prayerfully ful - filling, with watchfulness and hope, the part of the sower ; nor has the labour been in vain, for much of the seed has fallen into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixty , and some thirtyfold. During these sixty - nine years, over seven million pounds sterling have been expended in the circulation of more than sixty - eight million of copies of the Scriptures in upwards of two hundred languages, whilst forty - eight million of other copies have emanated from other societies ; which societies have been at one time, or at the present time are , assisted by the great Parent Society , giving therefore a grand total of 116 million of copies of the Scriptures circulated either directly or indirectly by this society during the sixty - nine years that have elapsed since that society was first established. ' It is easy to speak and to report of sixty or over a hundred million of copies ; it is not easy , however, for the mind to comprehend the vast number embraced in those figures. If, however, we imagine a person em - ployed to count these volumes ; if we suppose that he shall count one every second, sixty every minute ; if he devote ten hours each of the six days to this work , then at the end of six years he will be within a month of counting the sixty - eight million, whilst it will occupy him more than ten years and a quarter to reckon up the 116 millions above referred to. Of the amount of toil and weariness, of patient endurance, and of Christian zeal, of the sacrifice of health and strength which these 200 translations have cost, a Monson or a Moffatt, or our late guest, Dr. Turner, may have some good idea, but even they could not at all convey it to others. " And the question naturally arises, what benefits have arisen from this expenditure of toil and of time ; of money mid of health ? And the reply is that the God of the Bible has been faithful to the promise he hath given in that bible, and which saith, ' My word shall not return unto me void,' for it hath not returned void, but, on tho contrary. wherever the good seed has been sown, there it has sprung up and brought forth its precious fruit. During the past year, over two millions and a half of copies have been issued, at an expenditure of more than two hundred and five thousand pounds, and wherever we follow the circulation of those volumes, there too we see evident tokens of God's blessing attending upon the work. If we pass over Great Britain and Ireland, where alone nearly sixty thousand pounds were expended, and glance, and we can only glance, at some of the countries of Europe. If first we take France ; here we learn that during the past year, fifty colporteurs have been actively engaged ; that over 86,000 copies have been circulated, to a large extent through the above agency. Do any ask the history, the character of these men, let that of the father of the band suffice. M. Monod, the successor of M. de Pressentè, thus writes of ' the venerable and beloved Delion ' :— ' His grey hairs are a crown of glory , for they have become silvered in the service of the King of kings. He is now eighty years of age, but he is enabled to display a vigour and elasticity , of which he need not be ashamed in the presence of men of younger years. He was the youngest of nine sons, eight of whom successively entered Napoleon's army ; lest this, the youngest, should follow the example of his eight brothers, his father educated him for a priest, aided, however by his elder brothers, he in 1810 fled from the school in which he was being educated and enlisted. Of the nine brothers thus enrolled in the army, four were killed prior to the battle of Waterloo ; the five others were all present at that battle, when three more were slain, leaving only the oldest and the youngest brothers survivors. In 1823 the eldest was killed in Spain ; in 1828 the youngest found his Saviour , by reading some tracts left on a table in an Auberge. The report of the Evangelical Society of France for the year 1835, mentions a revival in the Somme, and the fact of a Garde Champetre bringing crowds of people to hear the preaching of the gospel whenever a pastor visited the locality ; this was our friend Delion. In 1837 he entered the Colportage work, which he has never left since. He travels sometimes even for a month at a time. As to the spirit in which he labours, M . Monod says :— ' It is the unabated vigour of this man's devout and child - like faith I so greatly admire. He does not work with a doubting and fearful mind, but has strong assurance that no labour is really lost when animated by love and fortified by prayer. ' " The following extracts from the journal of another colporteur will shew the desire, which is sometimes at least shewn in reference to the book : — In another village a man told him : ' You could not have imagined anything that would have made me so happy as this book. I am not rich, but a ' thousand francs would not have made me so happy.' In a country house he met with a man whose resi- dence was seven miles distant. On seeing the Bible he said , ' Here is a book that I have been looking after for two years. I want to have it , but I have no money in my pocket. Here is my address, when you go that way mind you enter my house, and I shall buy your Bible.' Two persons hearing that, bought a Testament, and he, thinking it was safer not to wait, and that at all events it would be better for the man to have the Bible at once, deter- mined to follow him home immediately . He conse - quently walked these fourteen miles more, and returned very late in the night, very tired, but also very happy . " So also the testimony of all the Colporteurs is to the effect that little of the hostile interference of the authorities, once so common, is now experienced ; and , on the whole, there is less positive opposition on the part of the priests. Slavish deference to the dictates of the clergy is greatly abated , and in some parts a craving for instruction from the Bible is expressed. On the other hand, it is seen that a dark and malignant scepticism, like a festering sore, is eating its way into all circles of society in France. " A grant which your Society has recently made has its tale of interest. During the sad conflict with the Commune, a Protestant Society was formed in Paris, for the purpose of affording material succour and religious instruction notion to the prisoners, and to the sick and wounded in the hospitals To that Society the French Government has applied, asking it to provide a chaplain for the penal settle - ment in New Caledonia, and now an application comes to the Bible Society asking for a liberal supply of the Scriptures to be placed at the disposal of the pastor thus appointed. Some idea of the estimate in which the Government of France holds the methods adopted by the Protestant Society, and also of her views of the Bible Society , may be formed, when it is stated that that Government asks the one to supply a pastor , and the other to furnish Bibles and Testaments, for one of her penal settle - ments. " If we pass from France to her great rival, Germany, very different, but not less interesting, is the sphere, and are the results, of our labours. Here we see the Emperor of Germany , in addition to his annual subscription of £25 , supplementing it by £45 more towards expenses of distribution of Scriptures in the army in time of peace, and further decorating with the medal and riband , conferred on non - combatants, for valuable and faithful services the fourteen men who left their homes and followed the German armies into France. Here too we find the old Catholic movement of which re - marks the agent, Mr . Davies : ' It has stirred questions which promise to have a mighty influence on the religious life of Germany , and if its avowed principles are steadfastly adhered to, and become the basis of its organisation , it cannot fail to have an important bearing on the future dissemination of the Scriptures. Its influence in Germany has already been enormous, and when churches are established on a large scale, our work will begin on a large scale too, for the Old Catholics purpose giving back the Bible to the people. For us and for our work this movement is of the greatest interest and importance, and its varying phases deserve a place in the records of our Society . " The following extracts from the pages of three different colporteurs will give some idea of the interest gathering around the work of the colpor- teurs : — Schmidt, in Hamburg, writes : ' One day in Altona I saw a man in the street carrying on his shoulders a basket of vegetables. I said to myself , ' I wonder if this man wants a Bible. ' I went up to him and asked him. He stared at me in astonish - ment as if to ask, ' What does this mean ?' He laid down his basket and said, ' Have you a copy in large print ? ' I replied, ' I have, ' and showed it to him. He said, ' I will take it , but now , ' he added, ' just tell me how you came to stop me in the streets, and asked me if I wanted a Bible. ' I replied, ' I hardly know myself. As I walked alongside of you, a voice seemed to say to me, ' Ask this man if he wants a Bible,' and I did so.' ' It is from the Lord ,' he replied ' His name is wonderful, and this is a new proof of it. Such a Bible is just what I did want, for my own at home is too small ; I can no longer read in it.' Horn writes : — ' I entered a house where I found a woman dressed in black. When I offered my Bibles, she demanded my name. On my telling it , she said , ' Oh , had you but come a week or two sooner ! My husband lay ill for eighteen weeks before he died , and he spoke so often about you, and longed for your arrival. He wished so to speak to you about his soul's salvation. ' On my expressing surprise, and asking for an ex - planation she said , 'About three years ago you were here with your Bibles, and conversed with a group of workmen, among whom was my husband, about God's Wold, ' Two of the men opposed me warmly ; I had a hard time of it, as I now well remember. Well, this woman's husband listened, and what was said sank deep into his soul. During his long illness he was perpetually looking out for the Bible - man, as I am called , to speak about eternal things " In Austria, Mr. Millard, the agent, remarks as a circumstance that carries some significance, that ever since the proclamation of Papal infalli - bility the demand for the Scriptures has been steadily on the increase. Mr . Millard also records the establishment of the first Sunday school in Vienna, then of another and another , till five or six are in working ; then of the authorities throwing impediments in the way , closing one school, and nearly emptying others ; yet, on the whole, the agent writes cheerily and hopefully as regards the general progress of the work. The colporteurs, too, have proof that then labour is not in vain, as may be seen by one or two out of many examples : — A priest sent for our colporteur. He looked at him very suspiciously and at last brought forward the plain question, ' You are a Jew , are you not ? and you go about hawking these books to make a living by them ?' ' By the grace of God, I am a Christian,' was the reply of our colporteur ; ' I believe in God the Father , my Creator and Benefactor ; I believe in Jesus Christ, who bought me with His own precious blood ; I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Comforter , that teaches me, and leads me into all Truth. ' ' Well said, ' quoth the priest, and launched into an examination and con - versation , that lasted more than an hour , the re - sult of which was that the priest invited the col - porteur to make the round of his village, and talk to his parishioners of those glorious Truths that had evidently been so deeply written by the finger of God on the tablets of his heart. Our colporteur says he felt as if Boos, the preacher of God's righteousness, had been raised from the dead. " One of the colporteurs, who labours in Moravia, mentions that he was invited by a person who was an entire stranger to him to come to the village, which he resided, and bring with him a good sup - ply of Bibles and Testaments. The colporteur was not slow to act upon the suggestion, and having provided himself with two boxes of Scriptures, made his appearance at the place in question. Im - mediately on his arrival he sold six Bibles and nine Testaments. Three copies were disposed of under circumstances that lead to the persuasion that there are many who are conscious of some inward longing for the Truth, and become secret readers of the Bible. At the inn where the colporteur took up his abode, the son of the landlord bought a Bible, but begged that the fact might not be disclosed to his mother. Afterwards the daughter took her opportunity to find the colporteur alone, and she bought her Bible, but like her brother enjoined him to observe secrecy , lest other members of the family should become ac - quainted with what she had done ; and lastly the mother , when nightfall came, followed the col - porteur when he left the house, and made her purchase of a Bible when unobserved ; and her act was not to be divulged, for she remarked that her husband would censure her if what she had done came to his ears ; and thus the colporteur was en - trusted with three secrets from members of the same family, neither of whom knew what the others had done — and perhaps the three are now reading the Bible unknown to each other. In a certain village, Colporteur M. met a man stowing away his hay. — I asked him, ' Would he buy a Bible ? ' ' A Bible ! ' he shouted, ' wife, here is our Bible come back ; what joy ! ' He had had a Bible. By some means, which he would not explain, it had disappeared, but he had always regretted its loss. Then he inquired who published and disseminated this book, and on being informed, he three times over desired me to thank the Bible Society . ' Your agent has made various attempts to get access to the Tyrol, but from one cause or another little has been accomplished. Last week the work was re - sumed under more auspicious circumstances. After many fruitless efforts, a twelvemonths' license for colportage was obtained. It was of the first impor - tance to ensure success that a tried and valiant man should be sent on the enterprise, one prepared to face the outburst of fanaticism which might be expected. A colporteur who had been nine years in the service of the society was selected. He was no stranger to a prison, for Christ's sake, but he con - fessed that though neither tired nor ashamed of his work, he went forth with a very heavy heart, as he had heard so much of the bigotry and superstition of the Tyrolese. But, as if to rebuke his lack of confidence in the love and care of God, everything turned out quite contrary to his gloomy fore- bodings. Everywhere he was well received, and in no part of the Tyrol was he treated roughly or unkindly. Many Romanists he met with, who were disgusted with the infallibility dogma, and whose sympathies ran in the direction of the Old Catholic party . The first day he commenced with misgiving, but to his joyful surprise he sold eighteen copies amongst the Custom House officers at — , and for several days the sales went on amongst the same class. The news spread into the neighbouring towns and villages that a Bible colporteur was in the locality, and orders for Scriptures came almost daily , so that in nine weeks his sales numbered 650 Bibles and Testaments — a miracle in his own eyes in view of the faltering and doubtful feelings he had cherished. At R — the priest saw a man reading his bible, and instead of upbraiding, praised ; and thus by the various agencies 152,000 vols. are sold in Austria in from 14 to 18 different languages, and at an expenditure of £20,000. " In a limited local report such as ours, brief ex - tracts of the general work only can be given. Your committee therefore, before they refer to the im - mediate work of this auxiliary would merely state that, as in the countries of Europe, so on the other continents and in the islands of the sea, the work, amidst encouragements on the one hand, and opposi - tion on the other, has, nevertheless, steadily pro- gressed, and the tokens of God's approval were never more manifest than have they been during the paost year. " Then briefly to refer to our work, in this, the south of the colony. At the last annual meeting it was proposed that efforts should be made to obtain a colporteur in the place of Mr. Livermore. On this matter your committee have to report that their efforts have proved unavailing. In the first attempt your committee advertised, and from a number of applicants made choice of one who ap - peared to be the most desirable. Before, however, the period arrived for his entering upon his duties, this gentleman wrote, stating that upon re-con - sidering the matter, he did not think it well to pro- ceed. A second party , and who to many of the committee seemed well suited to the work , was written to, but the communication reached him just after he had entered into other engagements. Then a third party , who seemed in some respects to resemble Mr . Livermore, was engaged, but in less than a week he found the work beyond his strength, and his engagement was abruptly brought to a termination, and there were fears also lest the Depot might have to be closed. It was, however , otherwise ordered. By an arrangement made with the committee of the Tract and Book Society , the in - terest in that society was sold to Mr. Mather , and an arrangement was made between the Bible Society and Mr. Mather , whereby that gentleman undertook the charge of the depot, to find assistant depositary , gas, &c.;, for £40 per annum ; then in the disposing of the business of the Tract and Book Society an amount which produces an interest of £10 per annum was realised, and this the com - mittee of the Tract Society vested in the hands of trustees for the benefit of the Bible Society, and thus by the transfer of the depot on the one hand, and by this generous donation on the other, a saving of over £60 per annum will be affected, whilst it is hoped that the amount of depot sales, will, by the exchange, be increased rather than otherwise. " During the past year lectures on the History of our British Bible, with pictorial illustrations, have taken the place among the auxiliaries of the usual public meeting ; as a rule these meeting have been well attended, and particularly amongst the young for whom they were more specially intended, and have been listened to with interest. " The sales during the past year have been Bibles, 320 ; testaments, 476. Grants also of 269 bibles and testaments have been made, thus making a circulation of 1056, for the purchase whereof £87 9s. 5d. has been received. " Your committee would not close this report without special reference to those self - denying friends, both in town and in the country , who, as collectors, have laboured so successfully on behalf of this auxiliary , and through whose efforts it is, not only that this auxiliary has been enabled to remit, in addition to £150 for the purchase of bibles and testaments, the sum of three hundred pounds as a free contribution towards the helping of that great work in which the Parent Society is engaged , that of sowing the incorruptible seed beside all waters, that of giving to the millions — the hundreds of millions of our starving fellow men — that bread which hath eternal life ; that of circu - lating the blessed book which points the hungry and the thirsty , the wearied and the sorrowful, to that blessed land where ' They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more, neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat,' but where the lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters ; and where God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes." The balance sheet was next read showing the receipts for the year to be £879 7s. 3d. ; out of which £ 450 had been remitted to the parent Society , less £2 2s. premium , and the Society re - ported having £ 216 18s. 7d. as a balance to the credit of the Society. The Rev . DAVID PARRY (responding to the Chairman) said he had to submit to the meeting the proposition that the report just read be adopted and circulated, under the direction of the Committee, among the citizens of Hobart Town. ( Applause ). In moving that resolution he ( Mr. Parry ) felt his inability to urge the just claims of the Society ; but feeling that it was a branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society he felt as an Englishman that he could not avoid it. ( Hear , hear . ) Since its organisation the Society had numbered amongst its members some of the most learned and best men that England had produced. ( Hear, hear.) In fact, he ( Mr. Parry ) thought he might safely say that no argument had been left untouched in dealing with the question before them. They had pamphlets, they had everything interesting, and whilst they were in every way most anxious to acknowledge the success of the course pursued by the Society , they could not shut their eyes to the fact that in every part of the globe, the mighty in - fluence of the Society was continued, and being felt, ( Applause. ) In England the Society numbered amongst its association some of the most learned men, and some of the best men to be found either here or in England, and he ( Mr. Parry ) thought he might safely say that no argument had been touched which their friends the templars had not touched upon. He desired, however, to impress upon those present the desirability of impressing upon the mothers of those present the necessity of making an effort for those who were dear to them. The movement he advocated had met with many difficulties ; it had been retarded at every step ; but compared with the magnitude of the injury they had to confront their failures were very slight,very few , and very far between, and the want of better success of their association was owing to the want of more local interest. ( Applause ) He was sure that if that interest was extended ( and it was a great pity it was not ) it would have the effect of disseminating the word of God among hundreds in Tasmania who were capable of receiving it ; and more than that were capable of extending the Society's operations to the advantage of the Society . He made bold to ask, were there no men prepared to enter into this great work under the auspices of the society whose claims they were met to advocate ? Were there not many men, women, and children who desired their assistance ; and if such was the case, was it not possible that whilst looking to the interests of the British and Foreign Bible Society , room was left for other operations ? There were many homes to be made happy that they did not touch upon ; and many miserable lives to be comforted ; and unless by their lives they made examples of themselves, they could not expect to gain any great success. ( Applause. ) The Rev . R. D. POULETT - HARRIS seconded the motion, and in doing so, alluded to, and quoted from, a speech of Mr. J . A. Roebuck, of Sheffield, on the subject of Christian education. Mr. Roebuck expressed himself in these words : — " There is a great book among us, gentlemen, which I mention with all reverence — I mean the Bible — and that book men say should not be employed as an instru - ment of teaching the English language. If I were about to teach a class Greek, what would be thought of me if I said to the class " Yes, you shall learn Greek, but you shall know nothing of Homer ? " The Bible is the most beautiful book that the English nation has. In the English language the only thing that approximates to it is the God - like intellect of Shakespeare, The English language is founded upon the Bible. If I want to teach my countrymen English I would open that book to them, and say " Study it. " I am not now talking doctrine. I am not now talking in any was of using it as an instrument of turning men's minds to this opinion or that, but I am simply looking upon it as an instrument of education ( hear, hear ), and I say it is the blindest folly , it is grievous and most humbling ignorance to say that this great book of ours shall not be em - ployed among the English in teaching them their mother tongue. The greatest orator of the present time, and I have heard them all — I mean in England — is Mr. John Bright. ( Cheers. ) I know I am on safe ground in saying this, that there is no more sedulous reader of the Bible than he, not merely for the doctrines that he finds there ; not simply for the holy wisdom which he derives from those pages ; but for the wonderful knowledge and rhetorical instruction that he has acquired by means of that sacred book. And what he has enjoyed shall you say to the children of the poor of England, ' You shall not enjoy it ? ' Will you say to them, ' We won't open to you the pages of this great book ? ' It is not one book, it is many books ; it is a litera - ture, it is a history, it is law, it is proverbs, it is poetry, it is essays, it is everything, and I say that he is an ignorant man who wishes to shut the Bible out from the young of this country." Whatever might have his private opinions on particular subjects, he was glad to be associated with anyone having a good work in hand, and particularly a work devoted to the extension of the Knowledge of the great God ; and as such, he hoped the meeting of that evening would result in practical good ; for without that, education would be worthless, unless founded on the work of God. ( Applause.) The motion was put and carried. The Rev . J . M. BAYLEY then rose to move the second resolution. The Gospel was and ever must be a message to all mankind. It ought to be freely circulated throughout the length and breadth of the world. He felt fully persuaded that that meeting would agree with the resolution in his hands. It was as follows : — " That this meeting rejoices in the continuous proofs of increasing usefulness which mark the operations of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and earnestly appeals to Christians of all denominations for generous sympathy and liberal support in the important work of circulating the Holy Scriptures both in our own colony and throughout the world." They had heard the interesting report that had been read, and had heard of the millions of bibles that had been circulated in foreign parts ; and where those bibles had been circulated worship had been established amongst all classes and conditions of mankind. They rejoiced in the spirit of the Holy Scripture — the doctrine that surpassed all goodness, and where all was life and joy. The work was progressing, although as it had been already remarked it had been opposed by mighty ob- stacles. Great hindrances had been in the way, but these hindrances had been surmounted. The depravity of the heathen, and the drunkenness and treachery of many wavering Christians, and the apathy of many professional Christians, had interfered with the progress of the mighty work. Sufficient had been said to show him very clearly that the success of the British and Foreign Bible Society had been such during the past year as to call forth their hearty gratitude and deep thankful - ness, Christianity had from the beginning been inscribed on their banner, and the Master's cry had sounded forth clearly — " Go ye into all the world, and preach the Word to every creature." And if they were soldiers of Christ they must obey his command, and carry on the glorious work. Let them, as friends, have an increased interest in the matter, and help by their prayers and by their cash. Prayers were not very much good without cash, and cash could not accomplish the work without prayer. If prayer and cash were com - bined then the work would go on, and the glorious Gospel would be proclaimed through the length and breadth of the world. He hoped the time would come, when every idol would be broken down and God would be able to look on the moral world as He had done on the material, and pro- nounce that it was good. The REV . R. ROGERS said he was glad to be able to appear before his friends on that occasion, although he could not tell why his friend Mr. Mather had called on him to second the resolution. Apostolic succession and the gift of the Holy Ghost had been alluded to, but whatever our faith in these matters might be there was not the least doubt that in a subordinate sense there had been a succession of tongues, as the previous speakers had shown. ( Applause. ) The success which had attended the spread of the scriptures by the British and Foreign Bible Society needed no observation. He appre - hended that the reason the report contained no more local news was because the Bible was well known in Tasmania. The report itself sustained the fact ; but where such was not the fact their efforts would be needed. The report had shown that the Society had been doing great work, and they only wanted more earnestness and more means to carry it out effectually. The foot was, that from the very need of the world the Bible ought to be, shall be, and must be circulated, and there would be needed in the future, not only as many Bibles as at the present day, but he thought a great many more. They were bound by relationship of blood to give that Book to every one, and he believed that an appeal would not be wanted for Tasmania to do its duty. By their duty to God and man it was their duty to circulate the Word of God ; but how could they inquire into their duty to God and man unless they read that book ? Although, when in Victoria, he had lifted up his voice for secular, free, and compulsory education, he would say that every father should teach his child the Bible. The Bible belonged to every man, and he was responsible for what he professed and the manner in which he worked it out. He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. The Rev . G . BANKS SMITH moved the third resolution as follows : — " That the thanks of this meeting he given to the collectors of the different associations connected with this auxiliary , by whose untiring zeal and energy so large an amount has been gathered in aid of this Society , and at the same time appoints the officers and committee for the ensuing year. He said he had great pleasure in congratulating the chairman on the honorable position he held that evening, not because that hon. gentleman was Premier and a man of wealth, but because of his Christian integrity, and the many good works he had performed in this community , and the interest he had manifested in the various Protestant Churches. He hoped that the hon. gentleman might live among them for many years, and would have an opportunity from time to time to sympathise with and help forward the great work of the British and Foreign Bible Society . For 24 years he ( Mr. Smith ) had been associated with this noble Society , and for the last four years he has attended every meeting of the Society , and had spoken at nearly every one of them. If he were to speak that night upon the excellencies of the Bible, that would be nothing new to them ; but he thought he would be able to say something that would be new . At one time, while in New Zealand he had experienced great difficulty in his mind about Colenzo, and having a friend in Sydney he went to see him. Feeling that he was brought into association with a deep thinker he mentioned to his friend many of those difficulties that had oppressed his mind. His friend replied : — " I can simply answer all those difficulties, but with regard to myself I have made up my mind to this, under all circumstances to cleave to the Bible and to Christ." Since that time that gifted man had been gathered to his fathers. The more experience he ( Mr. Smith ) had of the truth enshrined in the Bible the more sympathy he had with the British and Foreign Bible Society , and the more he desired it might succeed in the accomplishment of the great work before it. The Rev . J . W . SIMMONS in seconding the motion, briefly referred to the adaptation of the Bible to all men. The resolution was put and carried. Tho Rev . R. McLEAN moved a vote of thanks to the chairman for the manner he had deported him - self in the chair, and in doing so, expressed a wish that a few more of our statesmen and legislators would show a little more zeal in this great work . ( Applause. ) Mr . T . J . CROUCH seconded the motion with great pleasure. The Rev. W. C. ROBINSON put the motion, which was carried by acclamation. The CHAIRMAN returned thanks for the very handsome way in which they had responded to the resolution. He had felt much pleasure in attending there, and he hoped he might have an opportunity of being present on future occasions. This was not the first time he had been to a bible meeting, but it was the first time at these meetings he had occupied such a prominent position. He cordially sympathised with the expression used by Mr. Simmons with regard to tho unsectarian character of the Bible Society . To his mind, this was one of the greatest beauties of the Society , for it made them go heart and hand in supporting it. ( Applause. ) The doxology and benediction closed the pro- ceedings. MARAVILLA COCOA. —TAYLOR BROTHERS (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity — fine Aroma — Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power — Easiness of Digestion — and especially , high delicious flavour. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. N . B Caution. — " MARAVILLA " is a regis - tered Trade Mark. MARAVILLA COCOA. — The Globe says, " TAYLOR BROTHERS ' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Eutire solubility , a delicate aroma, and a rare concen - tration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage " For further favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, &c.;, &c.; HOMŒOPATHIC COCOA. — This original preparation, which has attained such a world - wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS, under the ablest homœopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in a? eminent degree, the purity , fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute, without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR BROTHERS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin - lined packets only , by Store - keepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium . 30 - 4 - 75 THE GREAT REMEDIES for Consumption, Waiting, and Indigestion, are Savory and Moore's Panor?atic Emulsion and Pancreatine. ? Medical men who have made it a special study testify that life is prolonged in a remarkable manner, appetite, strength, and weight increased, digestion greatly promoetd, ? nourishment imparted, and the general condition of the body improved, by their use. Price from 2s. to 21s. Savory and Moore ( Chemists to the Queen, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, His Highness the Khedive of Egypt, &c; ) , 143, New Bond Street, London, and all chemists. Note, — Name and trade mark on each bottle. 8 - 6 - 7? 