ON THE TRACK. BY A LITERARY BUSHMAN. I .bach night I Ditch mv movinsr tent. une day's march nearer home."—Sacred Mdody. Have you ever been " on the wallaby track," fflv friend \ Without waiting for a reply, I at once make bold to inform you that I have swagged it" in several colonies, under all sorts of circumstances, in fine and foul weather, on tough and smooth roads, and sometimes have Pandered for days on no road at all : that is ^lien your are really " on the track," and woe ptide you if you miss it. To be " bushed," i.e. lost, even for an hour or two, is mightily un pleasant ; but this seldom happens to an old stager, although it might occur in the case of a Host experienced bushman. Now, I am not going to write in praise of swagsmen, or of JMS nomadic life which a large number of men habitually follow in these colonies ; it is, in fact, almost a necessity of their existence. At the time it cannot be denied that hundreds of "a»'tnal swagsmen are so by choice, and not of iccDsaity. There is a strange indefinable charm about tliis antipodean form of Bohemianism, this pifflpic nicking almost all the year round, this colonial gipsying, which, when it has once fairly | Sot hold of that form of the genus homo, yclept wagamcn,'' lie is no more able to resist than "-"Ait'.ial drunkard could ignore the fascina rfv8) ^lc beer barrel or the brandy bottle. 1 -d workmen, liandy fellows, well-educated Pressed in moleskin and jumper, -with their iiwiscs upon their backs,"—their " drum,"— Jtlr, V'—their all—arc frequently known to • andon good paying ioba, "up sivag and \\\'P'' ^hither i They cannot tell you. to iC^<° ®*ves no answer. The desire to travel ■, iinS " ^'esb fields and pastures new" comes ttn upon them with a mighty, an irresistible force, and. they instinctively obey. I am not now referring to the vagrant tramps who are a porfect nuisance on the track, or at the station, or in fact ahywliere, and whose proper home and habitation is at the Farm (Pentridgo), or in some of the numerous " hotels" which have Her Majesty's broad arrow as a sign-board. Let me seriously inform the uninitiated that there are vorious classes of pilgrims on roads and tracks colonial : each class has its distinct characteris tics, its special strategy, its nomenctature (or slang), its political creed, its shibboleth and lex noii. serijda ; and this unwritten law is as thoroughly understood, and based upon as well defined principles, as any of the many Statutes which adorn or deface the statute book, or puzzle the brains of lawyers, and their clients. These are—(1) the Aristocrats of the road, (2) the Re publicans, (3) the Communists, (4) the Ishmael ites, " whose hand is against every man, and every man's hand against him," and (5) the Loafers and Cadgers. The three last-named are the cainaillc of the road, and the respectable pilgrims, the sturdy, independent swagsmen mentioned in the first three subdivisions will 1 have no truck with them." There are, again, the " hatters" (solitary swagsmen), and the individuals who always travel with a mate or two : the latter would no more think of taking to the road alone, than a ship captain would think of going to sea without a supply of charts. It is said that " is not well for man to be alone," and Jack and his mate have been known to travel comfortably and pMlosiphically for hundreds of miles, perhaps thousands, without even the ghost of a growl or the slightest cloud obscuring the horizon of their mutual confidence and friendship. J ack will " go through fire and water" for Jim, his mate ; and Jim will do, and often has done, " ditto" for Jack. Creeks havo been swum, rivers crossed, and perils innumer able encountered by mates to serve and succour their sick, or disabled comrades. There is heroism, honor-, self-sacrifice, and genuine charity exercised to those wanderers of the world amongst themselves and to their fellow men to an extent, and often under circumstances which would put tho formalists, the "'bell topper and kid glove mob," the church-going ; and psalm-singing townspeople, to the blush. Then there is the old swagsman, whom every body knows, whose sole companion on the track is his faithful dog,—sometimes ail antiquated sheep dog, .at others a sharp terrier, concerning whom the swagsman relates wonderful stories,— of how he has killed snakes, barked at and frightened doubtful characters, saved his master's blankets many times, and his life in at least one very memorable occasion. We may also meet the musical pilgrim,—a kind of wandering minstrel, in whose heavy swag is packed a fiddle, a concertina, a flute, or a tin whistle : the shearing sheds are the places where the musical Bohemian "makes a rise," and his repertoire is remarkably extensive, suiting all tastes. Tho vocal swagsman is also to be met with, and the spinner of tough yarns. Only tho other day I saw a poor gentleman on the road ; he was awfully " hard up," unaccustomed to travel, and was in that awful state of bush bank ruptcy indicated by being " without a swag his boots were so worn as to be almost useless as a protection to his poor blistered feet. Ho came up with a party of three mates, who had been indulging in a billy of tea and a smoke. "Good-day, mate,!' was the salutation ; " have a drink of tea V' " Yes, thanks !" The un fortunate man squatted down, and lit his pipe ; but there was scarcely a drain in' it. " Here, fill your pipe, mate," said one. Then ensued a long.string of queries ; as to whence the " poor fellow " camc, whore he was going, how he lost his swag, and how his boots were so " awfully bad," &c.; In afew moments oneof the swagsmen, unsolicited, opened his swag, and said " Here, mate, try these boots on ; they are better than yours." They were tried on, and fitted the man. '' Keep them, my boy; you are welcome," was the generous exclamation, and so a piece of genuine benevolence was performed in the primeval Australian forest; and the swagless one stepped put more cheerfully for he felt that amongst his, brethren on the road, under their rough and often ragged shirts, there beat manly hearts—hearts tliat coulcl feel for another,—men who would help a way- worn brother^ pulling hard against the stream." And it is very hard pulling at times,—pulling against both wind and tide ; but a decent swagsman s life is not all shadow and storm; there are gleams of sunshine, and serenity even for him ; and in his own way, ever in solitude, far re moved from the din and strife of the city, the Court, the Camp, or the Grove," he enjoys sweet communion with his own heart, with na turo in all her various moods, and often learns to look lip " from Nature up to Nature's God. To the cultured, the highly educated trave.ler, whether he carries his own billy and blankets, or puts up at a bush inn, or more pretentious " hotel," there is enough to be seen day by day and hour by hour as he travels in to make lum a thoughtful, wise, reverent, and thankful man. As Shakespere says, the savage man may. and often does " find books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good—;—everything. Now that railways are being multiplied all over the colony, it has struck mo that the Go vernment might do a great service to genuine labor-seeking swagsmen, by giving them free passages by the railways from one part of the colony to another. This might be done, subject to such conditions as to effectually prevent im position, and such rapid and non-fatigumg transit would be a great boon to a large and much-enduring class, moreover, it would be a means of sensibly diminishing the system of mendicancy and " sundowning " which, especi ally during the summer months, at shearing and harvest time, are so much complained of by the more wealthy settlers. I think the idea is at least with consideration. In many cases the effect of such a course being adopted would -be to keep the labour market adequately supplied ; while large numbers of labourers would save so | much time and fatigue, as to greatly economise the labor-power at the command of the public at any given time and place. Even the issue of tickets at (say) half-price to necessitous men durinrr the busy season, would be a step in the right direction, and arrangements could be made by which employers would become responsible to the Government to refund the amount trusted. Classifying the travelling classes in some such way as I have already done, it must be evident that they constitute a very considerable army, quite an item in the population of these colonies, and I do not see why something should not be done to help those of them who already try to "help themselves." In Adelaide they have a very successful busliman's home. There is no j such institution in Melbourne nor m any place | up the country that I know of, except at Pens hurst (Mount Rouse). There used to be one at Hamilton, but it has ceased to exist having, I be lieve been carried on in a mean spirit which, as similating it to a workhouse, swagsmen would not support it. There is certainly an opening, a de mand for such an institution m Echuca and Sa.id hurst, at both of which places such a shelter and refuge would be a real boon to thousands of hard up wayfarers. The Riverine district alone would supply a very large number of candidates for the benefit of such temporary resting places, the very existence of which would to a large extent do away with tho necessity for poor travellers so frequently begging for shake-downs, food &c.;, as is now of necessity too often the case' The establishment of a ready efficient LabOT Bureau (or Labor office) under Govern ment sanction as now proposed, if weil organised and aoverued by a thoroughly practical and experienced staff of officers, would,I think, tend areatly to diminish the the present great waste of time, money and strength, by men who often waste half the year m looking for the othei half year's employment. A LITERARY BUSHMAN. Echuca, 13th October, 1874 Town of Gunbower. - The Gazette of Fri- day contains a proclamation of the following new township. County of Gunbower, parish of Patho: Commencing at a point on the southern bank of the Gunbower Creek where the north easter boundary of Martin Priests' 19th section block, No. 19539, abuts thereon; bounded thence by that road bearing S. 39 deg. E. one hundred and eleven chains eight-five links; thence by a line bearing north eighty-six chains ninety four links to the Dry Creek; and thence by that creek and by the Gunbower Creek aforesaid bearing westerly to the point of commencement. The bearings are from the true meridian. An Improved Scale of Things.—About twenty-two shearers wont off by the coach from Deniliquin on Wednesday last for Victoria, and take great care of their earnings. As they left they gave three hearty cheers for Riverina, and kept their cheques.—Pastoral Times. Mr. Akehursx, solicitor, desires it to ba known'that he lias established himself in offices in High-street, close to Mr. Homan's store. 