A HEAL flHOST AT LAST. The fulbiwing appears in tbo Town and Con- try Jnurt al of Saturday last. The K..it»r iipi-»ii-nt)y rcfimimcnds that the story shnll bo taken cnui r/rnnn felis : — ' Sin,— I fiend you tin; following statement of fads f..r your ililormnlion, nml, if ynti deem it of sarticiiiit import ance, for the information of ynnr renders. I wnn'd not have you think tbni I have any ambition lo become the utilhor nf a ghusl story, nnd trust Hint you will suppress my nnine (nhich I MiliFcriln-) in the event of yuiir publish ing Ibis letter. ' On Sunday night lasl, at abont 11.15 p.m., I was returning lo niy home by what is called ' the »inddock,' in fJipps street. When iihotil half wny between Macipiarie and Sinitb strcetii, lobservvd Bomelhing near Ihe fence on the right band f i'l.-, which appeared to me al first sight like a goat. On noaring it, how ever, il appeared mnto like n person muter tho influence, of liquor, and I went tip l'i it vi'ilh the intention of assisting him or her lo rise. I slrtick a match, winch went out ; » second attempt was more su'ceBsfiil. Holding it down close, ?1 oliKi-rvid a man's face, abont twice tbe *ize of an ordinary one. It had a white iii|Tlite»|) on; the eyes were open, the lurchi'ad, nose, month, and rftnura) features stnud in bold outline, and clearly recogiiizshlu; the skin of the fiico wns much shrivelled, and appeared like thai of un old man. T( hud slumps of arms from about the elhow, which wore held pre.ct. Tlie legs were cut from tibovn the (highs. It had on a sort of short night shirt, which came only to the loins. ] became very much afraid, and niniio. the licsl of my way towaids home. VVbeu at tbo corner of Gipps and .Smith gtveelH, I met n mini, and such wns my nfrjiution that il took me several minutes before ] conld convey to him what bad occurred. Wo at oacc went back to the spot. The mnn went up lo the object, und tli nek a match, bill immediately fiprai-tj back to me, crying1 out, ' It's a ? fpirit— get a stono and hit it.' My eyes were on Ihe object; and when be £nve expression to these words it went from my fight in sonic mysterious manlier. Since speaking of this, 1 have found that il hns been scon before, in ex. icily the. same place and ui.inner, by peisiiim whoso names 1 enclose. No ilunl'1. on the. nppeaiauco. of (his Klatu nii-iil, Uio party wlm went back with me will supply you with his niimo in con (irniiiliun, us I am uiiacijuaintcd with him. ' M.D. ' Rurry [tillj, August 17.' [Tho writer of the nbevo evidently sends bis communication in good fnitb. Kmne rrspocliibld caterer for public amusement should, if possible, secure his KbostEbip for ojthihition. We hope he is no relation to the Kiaina impostor. So hoon us lllondin, Mr. Parker, and other theatrical stars and heroes have run their coins,-, tho nppenrnnco of a real .fliosl would tuke like wildlije, and prove the giouttst hit of the scasou. — Ed.] 