THE MURRAY CANAL. tO THI EDITOR. Sir — Altnougn Mr. otrangways aumits mas thero is a sufficient volume of water available for the proposed cutting, he seems to be alarmed at the consequences of effecting a junction with the ocean at that particular place, the sea, the terrible sea.' For the last twenty-one years that I have been in this place I have always heard tbe same apprehensions uttered, but invariably by per sons who have no practical acquaintance with such matters, or whose motives may be ques tionable. In spite of all the alarming reports that have been so industriously circulated — in spite of all the prejudice and self-interest that have so con stantly urged people to say the vile3t things about the Murray-mouth— I say emphatically, and without fear of contradiction, that the Murray-mouth, and especially the new cutting, is singularly free from a heavy sea. Let auyone at all conversant with such matters look at the position of the place with re.=pect to tho coast line. The heavy sea, the result of the prevailing westerly winds, rolls down past Kangaroo Island, and breaks with all its force on our South-East coast. The only part that reaches here is the tail end of the wave that 13 deflected round the east end of Kangaroo Island, and comes here in a direction at right angles to its original course, and with very little of its former volume or forco. I have gone through the Murray-mouth in an open boat when the little roller was not more than a foot high on the bar and a current rushing out about six miles per hour. The ghosts that have hitherto frightened people from the Murray-mouth will have to hide their diminished heads. Perhaps I may be allowed to add that the foregoing observations are based on a long expe rience at sea in every capacity from tho cabin boy upwards in various parts of the world, especially on the east coast of England and amongst bar harbours. One more word and I have done. The ques tion has been put, with reference to my former letter, where I would bring the wool from at £3 per ton. I simply answer I will eo a thousand miles, and up any of the rivers, and bring wool to Goolwa at £3 per ton. I am Sir, &c;, S. SHBTLIFF. Goolwa, June 11, 1874. 