The Cornwall Chronical THE LAUNCESTON TIMES. Friday, October 9, 1874. It ib extremely gratifying (o be able to compliment & Colonial Treasurer upon the rrjalUatiou of his estimates. For years past Parliament and the country have been so deladed by fallacious figtireb submitted on the grand liimndnl Geld night, that limple have lust all faith in Treasurers' statements, except in so far as they announce new taxation, nhen they are the very embodiment of stern but unnicn&ant; roatitv. ofr Trea- surer Fysh stands oat an exception to the genera! rale. His first estimate of ann'ial revenue is being surely proved, and he will have the satisfaction by the end of the year of seeing the total con eiderably in excess of the amount at which he stated it. This must be the more pleasing to Mr Fysh became when he submitted his figures in July last they were rather severely handled by the opposition, and donbta ncro thrown upon them. In July, 1873, Mr lanes had estimated the probable revenue for i87-( at £2ffii,0M. Mr Fysh— certainly nitlitlic advmitagnofayajr'saiMiliomil experience, including tin; lirat half of tlie rear for trhii-h ho was estimating — sot itdowii ut £318,000. ThcOpposition sneeringly hoped the estimate might he realised, but gavo tho public clearly to understand tliev did not believe it. For s 'yoimg financier' like Mr Fysh, to attempt to doubt the fignros of an experienced official veteran like Mr lnni'8, was something very shocking and his prognosis vas diBputod accord ingly, liis picture of the prosperous condition of the colony was represented as altogether too highly colored, and numerous circumstances were advanced as evidence that it was so. The present unfortunate commercial crisis coming so soon after the Treasurer's deliverance was— To the Jealous, confirmation strong As proofs ot holy writ, that Mr Fysh muBt have been all at sea, and that so far from being in a prosperous condition, the colony was really on the road to rain. Even within tne last fetr flays tue treasurer uas been publicly twitted for bis hopsfu) statement, and it has been broadly in sinuated that if he had to address Par liament now he would have a very dif ferent story to tell. This we do not believe. Mr Fysh has no doubt suffered personally by recent disasters, and ve know Hie 'galled jade' is apt to ' wince ;'' but we feel certain that had he to appear before Parliament to night, he could not truthfully alter one jot or one tittle of tho statement that Tasma nia never was in a more substantial condition of material prosperity than at HID l^ICalrl)*1 iJllUEt »*P UJfgUlJ UDIC IV lament a great deal of dishonest trading, and to express regret that large sums of money have been made to change bands through a reprehensible system of nommnrRitil iramblino1. lint fan coold not say that tlie material pros pects of tlie colony have de clined, or that there is any present prospect of their declining. We take a very hopeful view of tlie future of this colony. Recent disasters will tend to purify tlie commercial atmosphere, and to put a slop at once to an exceedingly loose system of Editions trading, in which many respectable business men seem ignorantly to have engaged. It is known that several shopkeepers in this town who have been in the lialiit of signing uivny tlipir credit »| oi- fictitious paper, rrnlly obtained no advantage whatever by so doing, and at last have found themselves invoked in difficulties — the dupes of designing knavos. All this comes abruptly to an end, and we may fait ly hope to see business con - dnetoj! ugion inora honest principles for a long time to come. Meanwhile the internal trade ot the colony is in a satis factory state, production is on the in crease, and active measures are afoot for the introduction of new sources of wealth and for the development of tlie great mineral resources of tbesoil. We hare been favored with a bncf statement of the revenue rcturuB to the 30th Sept., which we subjoin in a tabulated form. It shows Mr Fysh's estimate of the several sources of revenue in July last, the amount actually realised to tlie 30th September, tie amount estimated for the current quarter, and the probable total for the year. These figures need no fur ther comment at our lianjs, tliey speak for themselves. I H&l; h fl if*. I Head.olne.enuc. 5^ |g , j , as - 8 ? & ? C».WT.. ? ISofoSI 132,721 49.J0O 182,i2J Inland Itrveime ... S5.UIX 31,332 23.»1 61,133 L andW. RRflmy Trafilc Receipt.... lr.SXi 13,777 3,802 17.663 Repjyinent Inter- ^^ -.^ ^ ^ ^ '' ?!£'«£ ** ?-?* ? * ^Hame'a'ivt' ' 10.1» M.'» I*.™ Territorial rpvMme 39.W0 32,008 12,801 4l,«W Intcri-rt on monfV «trc*t . !. lM - ? 180 ? 180 jitTtDO 333.1S0 1 ™Fn-m Mtaalod I total fll 1871 I drrlnct for re { fcrrestormifr Dnlnct Uemvr forl /C8.3OCI, 4 Ctn Roadi1 A*1, not[ toma Draw. ? isajm ? Wffl Not*.-! be printed reoelpuaf revtnoe for tuo LutnuaturoTIsn an tttsn lor tlie titlmated iawiinu abown In tne eouunn for die Quartercnd luting Z-eoeotber. U7*. ticept In ue oaae* ta rallirar J^tei, contribqUons Irom Bomt 0«Tem 'we'^lt'^Kp and pen« throughout th. returns, whlcbwooMiriaMtuctotal C331,lU10sl0d. AnDun Ecumi or Tire Su?.— An annual sclipie ot the -un wDl occur to rnorroir.bfltttwill notbe »Mbtc In Aus. tralla. It will be iWWs orer Western Asia, North Eastern Africa, ana nearlrallEuiope. The central Uue vllt be iq Siberia, VlCE-itca*u.-nia Kict'llrncy tliefioveraor, with MrsDu Cane, MrChtchestcr.and other ladles and gentlemen, left town by a special train at a 1 1 o'clock yesterday momuig to proceed to Longford and pav a visit to Joseph Arthur, Kao., at PftUsliaogcr. The vicc-rcgal party returned to the International Hotel at c p.m . To-oinrrou- Uia Hieellency will visit tliu Bangor Stale Quarry, at l'ipcr's River. lib Kicellency will leave town on Tuesday next to proceed to Mona Vale, the residence of W. A. Kcrmode, Esq., and to be present at the agricultural sliow at Campbell Town, on Wednesday. He will nrolutlili- return u- 1-mnewtoo in a day or two utter the Midland Agricultural bliow. The IlEcssr Vibe at Hon.nT Tows.— An iniiueal uas millinencpil at the Criterion Hotel, UoUart Town, on WeJnesday, before Mr Torleton, coroner, Had* jury of seven, to ascertain the origin of the recent fire on the premises occupied by Mr Alfred Miles, boot and shoemaker, Liverpool-street. Mr and Mra Miles and Miss Aim'o Anuing, a sister of Mrs Miles, were Uia witnesses examined. Mr Miles said he had removed about £100 worth of slops to a ahon on the wharf about two months upo. The value ol the atnek in the shop in Liverpool-street, un the night of the en-, was between £800 and £900. He had effected insurancci!ort5l)n,ainlwasaloser by the flrc of nearly 4300. None of the wit nesses knew how the fire occurred. The coroner adjourned the Inquest until S o'dock on Tuesday next. Vamuble Bmrs or the Fam—Wc have seen two valuablcand interesting relics in u gcntlemau's office in this towu. These tcrrcstlal — mounted on stands covered with glass. They were forocrlv' the property ul Sir John Franklin, and bad been presented to him after his first grcatarcliceipedition. Independent of their post connection ;with the great navigator, these glubes arc very valuable. WKfcTJsaN AoatcULTUllAL Association.— The next quarterly meeting of the above association is uuavoldnbly postponed to Wednesday next. Moiik Banhou Elites.— The cutter Lizzie arrived at Green's Wharf on Wednesday night, n-itll another cargo of Banjtor alatea — couutestcs. The Hobart Town Corporation are negotiating »-it)i tlic comi-anj for a oon siderahlcquantlty of these Blates, and ship incntsof them nil! be turnip to Kelbounie, Svdncv, and New Zealand ports shortly. Tiip:Caupbku. Tow* 1'ooi.thv akd Doo SooifcTV.— The third annmil show under tho auspices of the above society will beheld at 1'adHelu's Awemuiy roomou Wednesday, miu inst. The entries closed on Holiday last, the number ravelling 340, and included nil the best birds from Lauoccston and Hobart Town. This ehotr promises to be a very suc cessful affair, and it Is conodently expected that it will be tho finest display of poultry ever held hi too colony. Tut Main Link Biilwat.— On Tuesday as the ballast engine with 4 loaded trucks attached was proceeding down the line, aud when near the main road crossing between the Forest and Cleveland, a Blight accident occurred. The pins of the driving rod fell out, the rod dragging JiloDg theground for a short distance until the train stopped. ANNireaSAnr.— We beg to rail attention to the Anniversary of Urisbane-atrcct Sab bath- school, which takes place on Sunday next, when special service will be held at the Mechanics' Institute at 3uod 6.30 p.m. The Brisbane-street Sunday School being undenominational meets a want for tticpoorer classes that co other Suaduy school can. It was begun in 1661 and has gone on ever since increasing iu numbers and in usefulness, and we feel it thoroughly merits public support and encouragement, for though Individual churches may differ, and though sects may ever divide those churches, yet io such a wort as this all may join in supporting jt. The sympathies of our nature are rightly enlisted fu bequeath ing precious hopca to the generations who will walk our streets when we lie in our graves.andaswewishall such unscclarlan movements success, we hope the treasurer may be able to procure the funds necessary fnr c&rrvinff; on a work of such vital Impor tances to our town. Litnouc Snow,— The first exhibition of stock, Implements, produce, &c; , held under the auspices of theNorlh Western Agricul tural Association, will lake place at the society's yards, Utrobe, on tlie 28lh just. BlsnoPsnouaKePLOuaiiiNo Hatch.— This annual event takes place this year on laud belonging to Mr John Hall, and will be held on the 15th inst. The committee, judges, and friends dine together in the evening at the Bush Inn. WATEKLEr VfooLwy Mili,'. — Mesire. Bulman, Johnston, and Co. notify that they will exhibit a collection of samples of goods manufactured at the Wavcrlcy Woollen LCaHa alt tain fflF MlfrttTl I II If {Til TniVluil I TnKTI show. Avemtf. Eaceb— A meeting to nuke arrangements for the Avenue Jinces fur 1871 will be held at Mr Spicei's Inn, Klhwbeth Town, on Wednesday next. l/-H0FOBDPoUI.Tnv AND DoO SoCIETV. — Intending exhibitors are reminded that en tries for the ensuing show of tlie Longford Poultry and Dog Society close on Wednes day next, and it Is mildly hinted that they must be accompanied with subscription and entrance fees. Mutual Fibb Inbujukci; Couianv.— Tlie first annual meeting of tha above Roclety will be held at the Mechanics' Institute at 6 p.m. on the 20tti inst., when a report will be Hiumlttcd for consideration and directors anil auditors will be elected. ht.uscr.tron HeNEvoi.KKr Socierr.— Re- turn of the unniher of persons relieved during the weekending October 7th 1874 :— 25 men, ST womcu, l'C children. Women's Friend Societi— The monthly public meeting in connection with Hie Hobnrt Town Women's Friend Society, the Mcreuru says, was held In tlie People's Hall an Tues day evening. There was a numerous attend ance, the audience being composed chiefly of the poorer class of women. Mr Napier pre sided, aud in the course of his opening re marks, spake of the efforts that were being made in the mother conittrv to establish large temperance hotels. Air riease adroented a penny savings bank in connection with the society, and urged upon those present the necessity of frugality. The Itev. F. E. tjtcplienson expressed th? sympathy he felt irllii tlie object of the ladles of the noddy. That object was to help their less fortunate and struggling pintere, hr teAchlng tlicm to help themselves ; by helping them In their difficulties ; by proving luat they lorcd them, and by holding out to them practical help in times of difficulty an I trouble. He did not think that the best way of always helping the struggling poor was to give them nuncy. There was nn kindness in making tlie poor dependent upon charity. Anything which brought the various classes of society closer together was a blessing, and there was nn reason why poor men and poor women Bhould not have the same self-resnpct nnd inde pendence as people who were richer. Mr reocock also addressed the meeting, and wait followed by the Rev. D. 1'arrr, who took for his text the words of the popular song. C( Tramp, tramp, tratnp, the boys are march ing,'' and nrncd upnn his hearers to be soldiers of Christ, and to niarcli on tlie rood to the better land. The speeches were inter spersed with rocal and Instrumental music of a very plcaalng kind. The meeting closed with singing and prayer. Foot Dace fob £100— A pedestrian match, which has created considerable in terest In snorting circles fnr aomt- weeks past, the Tribunt say., wss decided at Hamilton, a few days ago. TftecflRlpetftfim were D. Dutilop and ,T. Relmn, the former giving the taU£r a start of fourteen yards in 105, which was the distance rnh. The stakes were £50 a alilc. Dunlop is well known throughout this district n. n fust runner i liut his antagoulst is a compara tive novice, aud its a result, crer sfnee tlie match was made, the netting has been in favor of Duulop, nntirltbslanding the Im mense advantage allowed the other in din tanoe. On Saturday, tin- odds were 6 to V and iu several instances G to 4 on the veteran t and even then Ute backers of the other side were reluctant to Jnvgst. The cmir*p ira* ^n Bowman-street, over a portion nf that availed of In the recent champion match be tween Watson and MT,cnd. In addition to the start, Itog.iu had nnothcr advantage In being allowed choice of ends and sides, but on Saturday this did not amount to much as tbc grounil vas fnlrly cqunJ. A lieavy westerly wind prevailing; all day. ha4 clewed It of dnst, and made it hard and clean, and a tthort time before the race, a arnnrl riinwer fell, ud gave It additional onlldity and firm ness. The race is very easily described. The nun drew up to the scratch shortly be fore troo'docivindbolli a|-peare-i!«beln ex cpllent condition, Dunlop, however, being much the bulkier and heavier of the (wo. There vai a very good Matt, ftn* at the fifty yards distance, It became evident that the favorite had no chance Be ran a loa inftraceplnclnlythroughciit, however, and at 109 yarda bad materially reduced U)e distance between himself and Regan. Dun. lop here made a gallant spurt, but mu un able to get closer to his opponent, and was eventually beaten by ahoutfive yards. The race was well contested throughout, and the bankers of either side were fathraed that It wa*a fainMBtert, and decided oulbe meritf otthe runnera. Then *vppa nearly one HioaMnd1 spectators present. Sleep «« a Medeclne.— Tlie try lor rest tas always been louder than theory for food. Not that it is more important, but it b often harder u- get. The best rest comes from a aound sleep. Of two tneu or women, other vise equal, the one who sleeps best will be the most moral, healthy,aud effldeDt, fileep will Jo much to cure irriljiblllty of temper, peevishness, uneasiness. It will restore lo vigor an over-worked brain. It trill build up, and make strong, a weary body. It »m relieve tho Isngor and prostration felt by consumptives. It will cure nypocnondna. It will cure the headache. It will core Hie heartache. It will cure ncumlfria. It will cure a broken »plrlt. It will cure aorrow. Indeed, we might make a long list of nervous maladies that sleep will cure. The cure of sleeplessness requires aclcau, good bed,fiufS clent exercise to produce, weariness, pleaaant occupation, good air, and not too warm a room, freedom from too much caro, a'dear stomach, a clear conscience, and avoidance ofatimulaucsand narcotics. Especial!? far those who are overworked, haggard, nervous, who pau sleepless nights, we commend tut adoption of such habits aa shall ucuxealaepi otherwise lite will bo short, and what there is of it aadly imperfect. National Currency.— A contemporary i- writing heavy editorial! en the ' Uotqua! UlStriDUIlon Ol xtuuuiiu ijurruiuy. u v auspect his subscribers don't pay up so promptly as they should. - Disappointed.— The most disappointed woman is the lady who had a lot ot sarcasm for her son-in-law elect and couldn't use It because tltc matcb was broken off on the -*nv hpf nre that annolntcd for the weddinz Thin.— An Irishman remarked to a com panion, on observing a lady pass, u Fat, did you ever toe so thin a woman as that before J' -Thin!' replied the other ; 'bothenuhunl I've seen one at thin astivo of her put together, I bare.' Dr. Kcnealy.— Having been Informed by telegraph that the legal champion of . tbc ' Claimant' has been disbenched tn connec tion with Ms writings In the l:e3IUhaart, the following remarks from the Otago &W;(f«n regarding the publication will he read with Interest i-' Dr. Kenealy Is evidently not a man to ho cosily silenced. Denounced by the Bench, ostracised by the IUr. lie has sought the aid of the printer's art. We have now before us No. 1 of the Kitgtiihman, a twapenuy weekly periodical, bearing on Us front the bold imprint 'Edited by Dr. Kenoaly, Q.C !tsobjects«rc suited to be to moke known ? the undoubted rights and privileges of the Bar,' aud ' ta rcvlre that great spirit which shone forth a hundred years ago tn the letteraof Junta, butwhlcb,' soys the editor, 'seems now tone paralysed by a spirit of fear, of cowardice, and of cor ruption.' At an incidental part of the pro gramme, it promises to advocate female suf frage, observing that the mild, the sobering, the barmoniclug influence which the be stowal on women of this political status would Infuse into contests would be of in calculable benefit.' Tho contents of the Engluhmax are, with the exception of one page, devoted to the elucidation of the Tiohborne trial, and showldg.or endeavour ing to ahow. that the Claimant is a much Injured Icdlvldual, and that his barrister. Dr. Kcnealy, is a most virtuous aud estimable man. Seniational articles, with yet more nenaatlonal headings, such aa - Dr. Kencaly a Blasphemer!' 'Is Tichbome to Rot in Gulf &c.;, with accounts of sundry -iyoi- pattav' meetings, and reports of the progress of &* Kencaly TciUmonlst Fund, form the staple matter of discourse. Some execrable poetry Is scattered throueh tlie pages. We n*ve one verse aj a aamnle : — I had. a dream, a curleUB dream. As T think you will allow, If you'll but listen ta the talc That I will t*H you now. Methought I stood vithin a Court, Where a man was bclug tried For saving that he was himself, Which by some folks was denied ; Before me sat the judges, nardby theJurysat, Whilst amid a host of lawyers Was the Claimant, rather (at. And ever above all other sounds, Whatever ndse was made, Was heard repeated harab and loud, ' ftis expenses can't be paid.' But the real pith of this extraordinary publication is to bo found in the following soul-sllrring appeal :— ' Brother English men !— Will you unite with me in raising in pence, shillings, aqd sovereigns the sum of OO.OCMi, which, ifplaecd in the Government faveatment funds of tbta couutry, will pro duce Dr. Kencaly, Q.O., £1,000 per annum. By doing so yon will have shown to Alex ander Cockburri, Chief Justice of England, that tbc people of this country are neither fuob uor fwwitoa, ftnd will Dot al any sacri fice surrender their rights and HberUu won for them by their forefathers.' A list of eubscriptlons in also published by way of bait, appealing to all classes, the suras vet down varying from lira Guildford Ontlow's £25 to 10s, ' Toe savings of a poor old man for IS months, who loves Justice.' ' A Warning— A contemporary nays : ' A young lady in Lancaster, Pa., broke tier arm the other day while turning a somersault.' Young ladles are generally clumsy at such things, and we have often warned them never to attempt such performances until they have learned how. A Tall Name.— The names anS titles of his Siamese majesty, as given In ihe treaty re ccnlly conclded with the Government of India, are: 'Somdctch Pbra 1'arymindr Maha Chnlalong Korn Dodlndthong Depaya Maha Jfongltut Parasaya tUtorerayarawi wonjrse Varut-mawongno Prlbat SVarakattrva Rajanikradom Chaduranta Parom Maha Chakmtiantirar Kangkant l'oriimdhanan Mlk Maharaja Dliiray Pororanat Poblt Phra Cuula Cnom luav chow r anna, supreme King of Siani, efth of the present Dynasty, who founded the Great City of Bangkok Knslndr Mohltidr Ayutbia.' A curious spiritualistic revelation is given by an American conlemporary .—'The spirit photographs, which pans current among credulous Apiritualists for gcnclnc ghosts of the depirtrd, aie produced in various ways. The latest, and most scientific method, is as follows :— The plain back-ground screen, be fore which the sitter is placed in order to hare his portrait taken, is painted before hand in the form of the desired 'spirit,' the paint being composed of some solution of quinine. When the painting dries on the screen it is invisible to tbc eye : but (t sends out myB that have jiowora to impress the photo plate, and thus the imsgc of the per son, together with some quinine ghost, are simultaneously developed upon the negative.' Wishing to keep a souvenir of bis visit, on excursionist to nrighton, who had never seen the sea before, thought he would take home a bottlcf ul of sci-water. While he was in the act of filling the bottle an old sslt, who had been watching bim, asked, ' What arc you up to V ' Why, filling my bottle with salt-water, at yon ire.' ' Well you must only half fill U.' ' Why f ' « lie cause. If you don't, wheu the tide rises, it'll be safe to overflow.' Operation of the Bankruptcy Law— A case of some practical Importance with reference to the operation of the bankruptcy Isir was decided, remarks tiioLav Tima.an appeal by fiir James Bacon. Tho caw was that of et pane Waters. Waters, the bank rupt, had, under liquidation proceedings, been employed as a clerk to collect the debts due to his estate. He did collect certain moneys, but itiBU? ad of handing them over to the trustees, lie paid his private creditors He was ordered to pay the moneys received hv him to the trustees, and, failing to jlo so, nn order was made for his commitment. From this order he appealed. Sect. 19 of the act of 1609 provides that the bankrupt shall do all such nets and things in relation to Ills property, and the distribution of the pro ceeds among bis oreditors, as maybe reason ably required by tlie trustee. Ami the second clause of the section enacts, that on failure, In addition t« any other punishment to which he may he subject, he shall br guilty of con tempt of court. The Chief Judge has decided that thela* is the same, wliethcr the proceedings be liqnidMion by arrangement, ' or in banltruptcv. Waters was udd lo have brought himself liy his conduct within the section, and theappeol waa consequently dis missed. AllEtnciSKFOuBonv AsnMlKD.— Physl -al weakness is almost al way» acompanied hr acorrcflpondingdcprcsalonofthc mind. ThUts particularly the case when flic debility Is produced by Indigestion or by disturbances in the kidneys, and hence lite fiuprbiing effect of Uuotrno Woun'i Scnii:0AM Aromatic gcltKllTB In these disease Desldes being « fwrortu) soil whnlminme lm]n and an admirable diuretic, It Is an unequalled bruin, medldne. Imparting healthful vigor to that apnKttlvn nnMUi and to evarv flhn* nf tha nervous system — Advt. ?3- Sitter Shears I SiiEtr Bucans 1 ! SnxErSnGABslH— Warde and l'alne's, I. and I). Sorby'j , and Bnrgon and Ball1) cele brated sheep shears on sale ; also ft prime )t!t of really ijncplclod Turkey atoms for sharpening same ? Jotra 0. Feuocbox, fit: John-street, LVaunccafnn.— Adit. InttueConrtof Common Picas,, ou the 88th July, IVord Coleridge triad an ei-; traordlnary action for&reacb; of nroqilw b-' Mr Priest, hardware merchant, Birming ham, against Miss Qoddenvtbedstigateror: « gentleman resldlngatSouthNonrood. After stag trial, the jury found a verdict for the rialntyfl, one' farthlnjr damages, i ??? . - ? ,t . ?: 