ROBERT AINSLEIGH. CHAPTER VII. (CONTINUED.) HOW I BECAME AN ORPHAN, BY THE AUTHOR OF "Irwty AHMCI^ Secret;' " Aurora Floyd;' Ac,, <tc. I looked at her wonderingly, and she answered my inquiring glance. " Your father's heart and mine, Robert— your father's life and mine—both broken, both ruined, for want of a little more candor, a little more patience, a little more constancy. I loved him so dearly ! Yes, that is why you ,are as dear to me as ever only son was to doting mother. 1 cannot tell you how happy we^vere as boy and girl together, or how devoted he seemed to me, 1 know that in those days he was all truth, all goodness. There was no hidden evil in that proud young heart. He had his faults, perhaps, but they were the failings of a knight-errant, Who can say that Sir Philip Sydney was faultless i and we know that Raleigh was a sinner. His errors wore ever those of a great mind. O God, how easy it is for me to pardon uu<? pity him now; I who was so unforgiving then, when my pardon might liave saved him ! When he came from the University 1 thought him changed, and there was one. about me who took care to call my attention to the change, and byaud-by to assign a cause lor it. Martha Peyton, now MarthaGrinishaw, my conscientious, confidential, trustworthy maid, discovered an incipient intrigue of my cousin's, and brought me speedy news of it. Mr. Ainslcigh was always hanging about Parson Lester's vicarage, she told me. Mr. Lester was a huntingparson, renowned for his knowledge of horses and his veterinary slcill, and this might fairly be the magnet that drew Roderick to his house. But my confidential maid would not have me thiidc this. Mr. Lester had an only daughter, a pretty, empty-headed girl, and Martha hinted that it was for her sake my cousin liaunted the vicarage. I had seen the girl at church, and had invited her to tea in my dressiugrooui, and given her a cast-off gown now and then, to the aggravation of my confidential Martha, who was inclined to bo jealous of intruders. I knew that Amelia Lester was weak, and frivolous, and pretty, and I believed my informant. I liad no civil word for my cousin after tliis, and would hear neither explanations nor apologies, which at first ho fain M ould have made. The breach grew wider day by day. O, Robert, I was madly, wickedly jealous. I hated my rival, my false lover, myself, the whole world. One day I met Roderick ami Amelia together in the park, the girl simpering and blushing under her liat, my cousin with the conqueror's easy, self-satisfied air. He did not even blush on meeting nw, but passed me by with a cool nod and smile of defiance, while Miss Amelia dropped me a low curtsey, with her eyes cast modestly to the ground. After this meeting I scarcely deigued to speak to my cousin, and suffered unspeakable torments with a haughty countenance. Women have a genius for selftorture. I would have given worlds to bring Roderick to my feet, to bo assured that I alone was beloved by him. Yet I obstinately repelled his advances, and neglected every opportunity of reconciliation." " Your mind had been poisoned, dear madam," I said; for I knew but too well Mrs. Griiushaw's hard, cruel nature, and could now perceive that her hatred was a heritage that came to me from my father, whom sho had pursued with that fury which the poets tell us to be worse than the liate of hell. " Yes, my mind had been poisoned," replied the lady; "my confidante, from pure conscientiousness, no doubt—but there are no people can wound like these conscientious friends—kept me informed of my cousin's doings. His visits to the vicarage were notorious. Miss Lester had boasted everywhere of her conquest. ' Everywhere' is a vague word ; but 1 was too angry, too miserable, to insist upon particulars. And then, was I not heiress of llautevillcf and should my cousin affect the most ardent devotion, how could I .believe liim ? My confidante took occasion to remind me of my wealth; these prudent people have such sordid notions. Had I known the world then as I know it now, Robert, I should have valued your father so much the more for the pride that held him aloof from me after my numerous repulses had chilled and wounded him. But I believed myself deserted and betm5 r ed for a person whom I considered my inferior; and when my father's anger was aroused by the discovery of certain debts which Roderick had concealed from him, I made no attempt to act as peacemaker. Then came a long and stormy interview, which resulted in my cousin's abrupt departure from Hauteville, never again to sleep beneath this roof. Ho went without a word of farewell. My father declared ho would return, and I too hoped long In the face of despair. O, Robert, for me those were the days of retribution, what a long hcartrsickness, what a weary agony! For a year I listened and watched for lioderick Aimdeigh's return Even- sound of a horse's hoofis in the distance, eveiy sudden stroke of the great bell, eveiy messenger or letter-carrier who came to thin old place, raised hope that was awakened only to be disappointed. My confidential maid fell ill of the small-pox soon after my cousin's departure, but that fatal malady passed me by, though I would fain have courted any death-stroke. Within six months of Roderick's disappearance Amelia Lester left her fathers house, gecretlv, it was rumored, though the parson affected to know where she was. She had gone to some relations in Somersetshire, he said, and as no one lmt he had any right to be angry, the assertion was suffered to pass unchallenged ; except by Martha Peyton, who contrived to extort the truth from a servant at the vicarage. The young lady had le?n missing one morning, and the father had raged and stormed for a while, and then liad cursed her for a faithless hussy, saying tiiat no doubt *he had run after Roderick Ainsleigh, about whom her lic.nl had been turned far the last three years. This was the story Martha told me, and she wanted to bring the vicarage servant to confirm it I told her I required no confirmation of mv cousin's baseness, and that she need trouble herself no more aliout my affairs. But the blow struck none the less severely liecause I was too proud to show the pain, "i was so steeped in misery that ay lather's sudden death shocked me much less tlian it would have done at any other time; and when it was suggested tliat I should visit an aunt in London, I consented listlessly, with some feint sense of relief in the idea of leaving Hauteville." " And there came no tidings of ray father, even on the death of his benefactor f " Xo; but I liave since bad reason to believe tlrnt Roderick attended his uncle's funeral. A figure in a black cloak appeared among the group around the mausoleum in the park. The funeral was celebrated at night, and the stranger, who kept aloof from the rest of the mourners, drew upon himself the notice of the torch-bearers. One of these afterwards declared that he had seen either Sir. Ainsleigh or iiis ghost" << And did you never sec him again, Lady Barbara f « Never, Robert, never. No sign reached me to tell if he were still among the living. I will not enter into the manifold reasons that prompted my marriage, which was not in any sense a love match. Sir Marcus knew that I had no heart to give, and was content to accept my esteem and obedience. Nor have either of us, I believe, hart reason to rej>eiit our union. Sir Marcus has ever proved a kind and indulgent husband, and my life has been happier titan'that of many a woman who marries for love. But I liave not forgotten my girlhood, Robert, and all my old hopes and dreams and "troubles come I jack to me when I look upon your face." Site opened her desk and handed me an oval morocco case containing a miniature. I recognised the countenance 1 had seen in the oil painting shown me by Anthony Grimshaw, that dark strongly-marked face which bore so close a resemblance in feature and complexion to my own. " You grow more like liim every day," said my lady. " That miniature was his only gift to me. 'Twas painted before doubt or anger had risen between us." " And did you never hear more of him, madam I" " Yes, Robert. Six months after ray marriage a letter reached me—a letter from my cousin Roderick. It was long and wild, telling mo how I had been beloved, and how my coldness liad angered that proud heart. 1 have the letter in this desk, but every word of it is burnt into my memory, ineffaceable as the gravel's work upon metal * If I could not be happy with her I loved, I could at least be wretched with one who loved iue,' lie wrote; 'and I found a faithful creature, Barbara, who was gladder to unite herself to my broken fortunes titan a wiser woman would have been to follow a hotter man,' And then my poor proud Roderick went on to confcsB that he had fallen very low, so low that his sole hope for the partner of liis wretchedness rested on my compassion, 4 And you showed a great contempt for this poor creaturc once, Barbara,' he added." " He liad married the parson's daughter, then?" "Ay, Eobert, she was the sharer of his sorrows." «'Will y 0U lot mo see my father's letter, madam?" My My hesitated for some moments, and then her desk. took tho paper from a'secret . drawer , , "I know not whether i am wise, Robert, said, "'but perhaps it is best you should learn all that I can tell you. 1 ' She handed me the letter, written on tavern paper, in a bold, clear penmanship, which was not without some family resemblance to my own. . Together Lady Batbara and I read the faded lines. " I stood amongst the crowd that watched your wedding, cousin," continued the writer, ' as J had watched unseen on a former occasion. I needed not the confirmation of that ambitious alliance to prove that you had never loved me. You but yielded to your father's wish that his sister's son should share his daughter's fortune, and were but too glad to find" au excuse for breaking my heart Great Heaven, what a wretch am I, to reproach von:—a tavern-haunting, plotting •reprobate* to dare upbraid my lonl ambassador's ladv liecause she is cold and cruel, and severed fr.<m me by a fndf that faK or ln-r pride, or my fally ha.- dug b-twe.-n us! Ah. Barljara, I am Wry thed of this wearisome itrug^le, this muddied dream of a drnnkard, called life. II I should make a suddcu sinful end of it, wonldst thou have pity on a po>r faithful wrvteh starving in a lodging near St. Bride's Churcli, Fleet-street t 'Tis at a dyer's, 17 Monk Valley, a narrow court betwixt the •jhurch and the temple—'liard for a fine lady's footman to find, but not beyond the ken of charitv. Go t" her soon. Barbara if tliou wonldst have one poor woman and her infant snatched from the many who perish unkttown under the gracious sway of our l*?neficent Hanoverian ruler. A helpless woman and an infant cry to you, cousin. The child is of your own blood. But the messenger waits, and my paper will hold no more. I bribe him with* my last sixpence to cany this letter to St. JatuesVsquare. God grant he may be faitbfid ! God grant Amelia and mv cbilikjnay find you kind Tis perhap the last piaySS" of your wretched humble servant, " Rose and Crown Tavern, Soho, " November 15th, 1731." " N.B.—Inquire for Mrs. Adams. I have spared the pride of my family, and am only known to the companions of my poverty as Robert Adams." " As our evil fortune would have it—and there seemed ever to interpose a cruel fate between Roderick and,me—I was away from London when this letter was brought; and the shabbiness of the messenger bespeaking no respect from the porter who received it, the poor letter was laid aside with bilk and petitions, and other insignificant papers, to await my return. The date of my cousin's appeal was a week old when I received it, and, prompt as I was to seek Monk's-allev, I was too late to see liim whose face I so longed to look upon once more. I found only a dying woman—the very ghost of that vain village beauty whom I liad known as Amelia Lester -and a sickly child. This poor wretched soul was too far gone in fever to recognise me. She raved deliriously of her Roderick, and it was piteous to hear her imploring him to come back. Even in this dying state she tried to nourish her child, until the dyer's wife, a decent, charitable creature, who had received no rent for many weeks, took the babe into her care. For a week your mother lingered, Robert, and I visited her daily, and gave her such succor as was possible. She was past cure when I found her." « And liad my father deserted her V "No Robert From the dyer's wife learned that your father had ever been kind to his companion in misery. He had come home intoxicated sometimes, roaring tipsy songs about wine and women, but had never been harsh to the poor soul, who watched and waited for him and loved him with unchanging fidelity. Sometimes he liad stayed at home gloomy and brooding for days together The woman believed that he liad lived by writing political pamphlets for the booksellers Once he liad written something treasonable, and had been threatened with a prosecution, and liad lain in hiding for several weeks. For a year and a lialf he had lodged in this mean, stifling alley, in this bare, wretched gan-et, while all Hauteville, of which he was to have been master, lay dark and empty and desolate for want of him. There never was «, stable-help in my father's service lodged so meanly as liis once-beloved nephew. Alt, liobcrfc, the thought of this stung iue to the quick. 'Let him come back, and I will sltare my fortune with him/ I said to myself, forgetting that my fortune was no longer mine alone, and that I had given another the right to counsel, if not to dictate, my disposal of it." " And lie never came back I" I asked breathlessly. "Never, He had been missing a week when I found Amelia. He must have disappeared on the very night when his letter to me was written. But the dyer's wife was not alarmed. He liad often absented himself for two or three days at a time, it appeared. Yet 'twas strange, she owned, so kind a gentleman should desert a dying wournu. Ho might have been taken to some prison, for debt, or libel, or treason. I caused the lists of every prison in London to be examined, but did not find my cousin. *" I sent my agent to the booksellers to inquire for such a pamphlet-writer. One among them knew him well as Mr. Adams of Monk's Allev, and had given him frequent employment, but had of late found no work for him. The town was beginning to tire of patriotism spiced with treason; Church and State had been reviled and ridiculed till not a rag was left from which to spin an essay. If a new Butler had arisen to write a new Hudibras, the book would scarce have sold. I knew by this that Roderick's means of livelihood had failed him before he had written to me; and, taking this in conjunction with tliat hint of a sudden sinful cud to Ids wretchedness, I could but f.-ar that my unhappy cousin had destrOVed hilll.ti'lf." Was he so miserable as to commit that sin f \- No, Robert, he did not perish by his own hand; yet 1 know not if his end were less inful. He fell in a midnight brawl at the tavern where his letter was written, and o n the very night on which it was dated—a most wretched, profligate haunt near Soho Square. He had b ->-ii buried ten days when my agents traced him; and so wretched is the manner in which the poor aud friendless are sepulchred in that vast wealthy city, tliat when I fain would liave had the corpse exhumed, tliat 1 might look on the familiar face once more, and convey the remains to some more fitting resting-place, I was told that this was impossible. Into those festering charnel-houses where the obscure dead are thrust it is death to enter, nor could the men who buried the nameless Granger remember into which grave they had flung liis remains. It was oidy by means of a letter found upon him that my wretched cousin was traced. This jettcr—addressed to Mrs. Adams, of Monk's Alley—bad lieen pre .served by the keeper of the dead-house where the corpse was carried after the miserable druukards' brawl in which your unhappy father perished. The man who slew him es taped in the confusion that followed his death I doubt not tliat in such places they favor the escape of a mud ere r rather than lie called to bear witness at liis triaL" " And the letter, dear madam—did tliat tell you much V " But little. Twas only a few lines of farewell to the unhappy Amelia. It convinced me, however, tliat my cousin had left her with the intention of never returning. He bequeathed her aud his child to my compas eion. Whether he had indeed meditated self- Jaughter, as his letter to me hinted, or whether he intended to seek new fortunes abroad, when death by an assassin's baud overtook him, I know not His ashes rest among the liones of paupers in St Anne's churchyard, Soho, in winch parish is the tavern where he fell; and all that affection could do for Ids memory was to put up a tablet in the church, inscribed with liis name and the date of his death." " Affection for his memory lias done more tlian tliat, dear lady: it has cherished his orphan son." "That is but a poor atonement, Robert, from her whose pride helped to destroy him. If I could liave brought him back to life by the sacrifice of my own, I would liave done it; but I could do nothing for him, though but two short years before one word of mine might have saved him. This is wliat makes the burden of our sins so heavy—there is no undoing them. Pride is a luxury that is apt to cost us dear, cousin." " Did you find a certificate of my mother's marriage amongst my father's papens, madam, which I presume you examined 1" No, Robert. I did indeed ransack an old leathern portmanteau crammed with papers, and poor ragged clothing, and tattered books. The papers wen: for the most part rough proofs of pamphlets, and odd pages of manuscript, so scored and blotted as to be almost illegible. Scattered amongst these were a few tavern-bills, and notes from boon companions, signed but with Christian names or initials, and all bespeaking the wild reckless life of liim to whom they were addressed." " Aud there was nothing more V' "Nothing. Any more important papers your father had doubtless destroyed, not caring to leave the evidence of his former estate behind him. As lie liad suppressed liis real name, it was natural he should do away with all documents revealing it" " I am sorry you can jgive me no rccord of ray mother's marriage," 1 answered sadly. Lady Barbara was silent, and I knew thereby that she doubted whether any religious ceremonial had ever sanctified the luckless union to which I owed my birth. I inquired presently where my mother was buried. " In tho graveyard of St Bride's Church, near wltieh she died," replied Lady Barbara. ".Her father liad been dead sis months when I discovered the poor creaturej and to have carried her remains to Pennington, where he had lived, would have been only to cause scandal It was better that the poor soul should rest in the great city, where all private sorrows and domestic shipwrecks are ingulfed, and hidden beneath the stormy public sea." \ " All that you did was for tie wisest, dear * madam," I replied, kissing the beautiful white hand which was the bounteous giver of all my "And now, dear Robert, I want to act wisely in planning your fortune," my lady said gently. " I cannot give you a fortune, but I hope I may help you to make one. I have concluded that with your learning the Bar would be your best profession; and 1 would liave you proceed to London without delay, and enter yourself at the Temple, where you Van study at your ease under the direction of a respw'iitbh- gentleman to whom I can recommend you, and of whose kindness I have no doubt * I shall give you a starting sum of two hundred pounds, and will give you as much every year until your profession shall afford you a comfortable livelihood, since I wish you to live like a gentleman, vet with' strict economy. I will not weary you with the hackneved warnings against the perils of London life, but I will only bid you to remember the sad end of your father's reckless career. If you will not take counsel from the awful lesson, you will be warned by nothing. But I hopemuclifrom your love of learning, and the natural steadiness of your disposition." How could I find words to acknowledge so much goodneas! I knelt at my cousin's feet and kissed the dear hands, which I bedewed this time with grateful tears. " Come, come, Roliert, you take things too seriously," cried my lady, with affected gaiety. " Let us talk of your journey. Foolish boy, I am in baste to*be rid of you! Shall you Ije ready to leave us in a week V It is my duty to be ready whenever you please." " Ah, Robert , do you think it pleases me to banish you I But Sir Marcus wotold have no mercv if you came between liim and his ambition. Yes, in a week, dear child; it will be best and wisest" I was still kneeling at the generous creature's feet She laid her hand lightly upon my hair, and bent her stately head until her lips touched my forehead; and with a tenderly motherly kiss she dismissed me. (To be continued.) "RoDEBICK AlXSLEiGH. 