EASY CHAIR JOTTINGS. A STORY is at present going the rounds concerning the hon. J. J. Casey, in which that distinguished statesman's ignorance, pride, and overweening vanity are forcibly exhibited. • On the occasion of a death in the family of one of our County Court judges, the lands king deemed it becoming his dignity to send a letter of condolence. But, mark ! the letter was-'written by a clerk in the Lands Department, the great J. J; simply attaching his signature to it, in the same way as he would to a notice to occupy, or to.-an appointment in his department. This precious epistle, then, instead of being a mark of esteem and friendship, should be, and no doubt was very properly regarded as an insult. When it is borne in mind that even tlie Queen writes her own letters of condolence, our little great Lands Minister's idea of his own importance, may be readily gathered. Of him it may be truly said that,, if bought at the general public's estimate of his value, and sold at his own, the transaction would prove a highly lucrative one. I would like just to have one such bargain. At the outset of the debate on the Scandinavian scheme, the Ministry seemed so sanguine as to the result that they scarcely troubled themselves about the matter, and consequently allowed things to drift on as they would. This course seems likely to prove fatal to them, as more than one of the gentlemen in the corner who are notoriously watching how the cat will jump, have made up their minds to go in against the measure. Dr. Madden has led the way, and is likely to have a good following. " It's never too late to mend." " Mr. Colin Campbell has given notice of his intention, on an early date, to test the opinion of the Assembly on the question of residence or non-reBidence of selectors under the Land Act. Some authoritative decision on the- subject, either by the Assembly or by the Minister, should be given without delay. It is manifestly unfair to leave the question as to whether a man iB or is not to reside on his land to be determined according to the state of the Minister's digestive organs, or the amount of influence which the individual selector can bring to bear on that functionary. There should be no great difficulty about the matter, seeing that but a few short months since the Assembly, in the Land Act rejected by the Council, dispensed with residence, extended the area open for selection, reduced the value of the improvements, and extended the time during which they should be effected. This was a very proper and common sense proceeding. The land now available for selection is for the most part inferior in quality, heavily timbered, and at great distances from the centres of population. Men taking up this land should be afforded some slight advantage over those earlier settlers, who were in a position to pick the very eyes of the country. This matter should be dealt with at once, and in a common sense, business way. Perhaps, however, this is too much to expect till payment of members is disposed of. Some one laid it down that the object of all legislation should be tie production of the greatest good to the greatest number—that number being number one. In this definition the Victorian Legislative Assembly is sure to concur. The open hand of charity, of which Melbourne people have been so often proud, has been most unaccountably held back in the case of the poor fellows rescued from the bleak, iron-bound coast of King's Island. Surely this is eminently a case deserving of sympathy and substantial help. Almost within sight of their destinSd port, they are flung, naked and penniless, on a treadierous shore, and, after days of dreadful suffering, are brought as paupers into that city which they had hoped to enter fitted to hold their own with the new world they had selected for their future career. . Indeed, when we remember the many cases of very ordinary merit, compared to this, in duty of the Government to provide for tile sufferers. The Ministry will doubtless do_so to a certain extent; but it g would only be fitting and graceful on., the part of the community to supplement official, aid by a spontaneous fund. There need not be the least fear of too much money being collected, for the poor fellows need every farthing ' that can be ga^r^toi^a^tlieiai^^i&J;^ - Sir Henry Barkly by .no means forgets his , old Melbourne friends. He baa repeatedly sent presents olflom and fauna to our Botanical and Zoological Gardens, and ;now, by way of capping these donations, he has sent his own portrait to the Melbourne City Corporation as a present; It is a full-length in oils; and, while it is not very graceful, or grateful, to look a gift-horse in the "mouth, it has been very roughly handled in the daily, press, the Age criticising it in terms which are decidedly more vigorous than complimentary. Whether they are just is another matter. It styles the work of the artist a " slovenly and unsatisfactory production;" says "it is a wretched likeness, the subject being represented as a man whose features are corrugated by age, worn by care and sickness, and the expression that of intense mental or bodily anguish." This is decidedly not in the style of Mrs. Jameson's criticism; but is more of the scalpel and tomahawk order of journalism. Sir Henry Barkly (who would not have sent the picture if he had not considered it a fair portrait) will doubtless feel duly flattered at the above description of his good looks, and may probably be inclined to regret his generosity in making the gift. The carelessness of mining managers respecting the lives of men under their charge, although well known, is somer times so outrageous as to be scarcely credible. This week a fatal accident happened in Koch's claim, Sandhurst, solely owing to the negligence of the manager, who escaped, by a fluke, from being committed for manslaughter. It is probable, however, that , the Government will interfere, as the proved neglect was very gross. At the same time, it must be admitted that men who carry their lives in their hands are frequently reckless to a degree, and instances of this are but too common among the mining community. Men have been known, in a spirit 'of what is termed " flashness "— literally' speaking, foolhardiness — to spring from the logs into the loop as the rope was descending, miss it, and fall mangled and dead to the bottom of the workings. Others race each other up the ladders, and a careless grasp, an insecure foothold, from one above, has precipitated him and those below him to the bottom of the shaft. It seems as though the constant presence of danger creates a contempt for it. An instance of this oc^ curred not long ago in a reefing district in New South Wales. A visitor, ignorant of mining, walked into a store, smoking a cigar. . Seeing an open^bfSrrel, full of what he supposed to be black seeds, he took up a handful, standing over the barrel, stirred it about -with the butt of his lighted cigar, and carelessly asked the storekeeper, "What seed do you call this ?" The proprietor was horrified, but managed to call the ignoramus to the counter (still holding the " seed" in his open palm), and threw a glass of water in his face—extinguishing the cigar, and saturating the powder. The surprised visitor naturally showed fight, but his temper underwent a remarkable alteration for the better when he was informed of the terrible danger from which the presence of mind of the storekeeper had rescued all hands. Pbwder was not kept in the shop in an open barrel afterwards in that establishment. And while on the Bubject of explosives, it may be mentioned as a curious fact, that while a very violent blow will not explode dynamite— famous in connection with a recent trial— a moderate blow will do so. The reason of this is a matter for chemists to solve, but that it is a fact has been established beyond doubt by numerous experiments made by practical miners. The wily Premier of New South Wales, Mr. Parkes, mho is not above doing actions which other politicians would scout the idea of, lately found it necessary, to carry a point he had in view, to lay on the table of the House a private letter which had passed between two gentlemen (Mr. W. Forster and Sir Alfred Stephen), some years previously. Opinions may differ as to Mr. Parkes' ability as a politician, but there cannot be two opinions respecting this act. It is one in every way worthy of the unscrupulous inventor of that monstrous bugbear—devised to set Catholics and Protestants by the ears—the "Kiama ghost." Sir Hercules Robinson has very cleverly checkmated Mr. Parkes, in the matter of the release of Gardiner and some seventeen other bushranging desperadoes, by throwing the whole responsibility of the proceeding , on that generally astute statesman. The name of Parkes will, therefore, live in history as the author of the most reprehensible gaol delivery ever perpetrated. The Sydney papers state that the case of Joachim v. O'Shanassy will probably be carried to the Privy Council The Chief Justice (Sir James Martin) having, when practising as a barrister, advised Sir John, declines to sit in the matter. Mr. Justice Haxgrate'e opinion is against Sir John, aruL nothing. is. known of the opinions of the remaining puisne judges^ Fawcett ahdCheeke. It will; inevitably result in a long array of lawyers' bills. Now that the- Ashantee war is oyer, the Victors flattered and feasted, the vanquished mulcted, and the state umbrella of King Coffee duly installed among the trophies of glorious victories. England is doubtless on the loot-out for another nigger nation, from whom to gain that cheap fame which has beeii . her forte foe many years past. She has' hail enough of the Maoris—they are rather too good in the field; the Caffres are quiet, and fatnine has tamed the Hindoos. But why not get up a row with Fiji ? There is a glorious field for another black job, of which she fa so fond. Added to which, the British troops might\ do good service to colonial society by capturing and handing over to justice some of those remarkable defaultnig and embezzling scoundrels who are at the present time "princes in the land'' of the Fijian Alsatia. •, .. . • The following full,"true, and particular account of how a libgl action arias promptly and effectually settled 1 tothe satisfaction of all concerned—more particularly to that of the newspaper man—is from the Otago Daily Times, which does something more than I should like to do, viz., vouches for the truth of the "account." It certainly is an inexpensive and expeditious mode of settling trifling disputes, and if it went no further than is narrated in the : following, might be generally practised:—. There are other methods of settling libel cases without the assistance of intellectual jurymen, and as the following incident occurred in an editor's room not a hundred miles from Dunedin, it will probably be read with interest. As a certain editor was busily employed in his room writing a leader, a load thnmping was beard at the door, and in came a roughisli specimen of a regular Downeaster. Addressing himself to the editor he said: " Say, %ui't yon the cusg that drives the nibs in this rag factory?" " I'm the editor, if you wish to see liim." " Precisely, you are the man I'm looking for; I intend to go for you." " Indeed, sir," the editor coolly replied; " how have I given you offence ?" " Well, you've-called me an asinine abortion of stupidity, which slightly kind of riles me." The man of letters looked at the Yankee, and then requested him to wait till he finished his article on " The advantages of the noble art of self defence." The subject of the leader was hardly in accordance with the stranger's idea of the man he had travelled overland to pound, and he was determined to see the matter out. On the leader being completed, the editor rang the bell, and then turning to the Yankee, said, "Now, sir, I will attend to you." "Well," said the stranger, " as I want this little affair to be private, what have you pulled that bell for ?" « Oh, that is to send the boy for some lint and bandages and a cab, for, to tell the truth, the last three men that I have thraBhed here have lain in the office two or three days, laid up with wounds and fractures. as the directors meet here to-morrow, I want to get yon out of the way sharp." This remark flabbergasted the would-be bruiser. He turned to the editor and said, " Why, you must be the man that whipped-the Slasher." "I'm the identical party." "Well, as he can give me two stone and a licking, I'm sorry I spoke. Good-day." The above incident is strictly true, and is undoubtedly a much better way of settling a libel than all ? 