SOUME ASHIIANTEE CSTOMS. A missionary in an article contributed to the Tele. graph describes some of his personal experiences dur ing a visit paid by him to Coomassie. Ho says the charge of cannibalism made against the Ashbantees is not supported by fact, and, " with all their barbarity, Coffee Calcali and his subjects seem to have as greatan abhorrence of this crime as civilised nations, and the manner in which the headleas bodies are axpoasd even allowed partially to decompose in the streets together with the usually glutted state of the well. known receptacle of such remains, are snftieisnt proofs that the charge is unfounded." in speaking of the custom of offering human sacri fices on the death of a king or chief, the writer says: "This ' custom making' for the dead is quite an in stitution of Ashantee, being based upon a belief that the soul lives after it has left the body, that, in fact, there is another world after this, just such aone as the present. Thus a king or chief here will be a king or chief hereafter, and must have his wives, servants, and slaves to attend upon him as in the present life; and as these several personagdes do not in the order of providence die at the same time, they must be killed, in order that their ghosts may attend the spirit of the deceased noble to the land of shades. The funeral customs last more than a week, and com mences immediately after the spirit leaves the body, in the sacrifice of a few of the most confidential and constant attendants of the deceased chief, called his ochres,' or souls. The heir (who is the nephew) in forms his friends of the event, who, in the course of a day or two, assemble in the open street with a large nmmber of their retainers. They begin by drinking large quantities of rum, and by firing large volleys of blank cartridge, and then, at the word of command, more forward a few yards, where they renew the drinking and firing, until, in this way, they have paraded the principal streets, and have reached the place assigned for the sacrifice, generally near the house of the deceased. After consulting with each other for a while, the executioners may be seen, three or four together, rushing out of the crowd in different directions in pursuit of the selected victims, who, after the lapse of a few minutes, are brought upon the scene, with tlheir arms tied behind them, and their months gagged by having two knives thrust through their cheeks in opposite directions. After being cruelly taunted and mocked for a while, they are put, out of their misery by decapitation, often clumsily and merci lessly executed.. The sacrifice of life varies according to the rank of the deceased and the wealth of his suc cessor and friends. "There is reason for believing that the death of a king.causes the destruction of three or four thousand persons, and the death of a princess was celebrated by the saerifice of above a hundred. This was care fully ascertained by the writer, who 9n one occasion asked a chief with whom he was very familiar whether he would wish to have a number of his poor slaves saerificed when he died, to which he very vehemently replied, ' Yes! and if they did not do it I would come again if I could.' In fact, according to Aebantee views, the greater the slaughter the greater is the respect shown for the dead, and the greater is the grief for his loss. Neglecting to do sacrifice on easuch an occasion would be regarded with similar feelings in Ashantee to what we should feel in England if we gave a deceased friend the burialof a dog ; and human beings, both old and young, male and female, may be, and are, bought and sold in Coomassie for the sole purpose of slaughter, just as sheep and oxen are in England. These facts are not derived from hearsay. These eyes that now see the dark fluid flowing from the pen's point have beheld the darker deeds which the pen has been describing, and with a keen remem brance and a full knowledge of these abominations the writer fervently prays that the Lord of Hosts will give success to the Gold Coast expedition. "The King and chiefs of Ashantee cannot possibly have any idea of the colossal power with which they have thrown themselves into collision, accustomed as they are to compare themselves with themselves, or at moat with a few of the surrounding tribes and nations either afraid of or tributory to their government, the reigning monarch of which has generally styled him self "King of kings." In this ignorance and arrogance the chiefs are included with the King; for although the latter is a despotic sovereign-the paramount lord and proprietor of the persons, goods, and chattels of all his subjects, whose lives and property he can take away at will-yet his rule in matters of peace and war is restrained by a kind of prescriptive law, springing from feudal principles. A eiroumstance illustrative of this may be worth recording, as revealing somewhat of the inner working of the Asbantee Government, and also as showing that its kings have, occasionally at least, behaved in an arrogant and dictatorial manner towards the English Governor. A poor lntee woman on the seaboard used some insulting words about his Majesty Quaeo Duah, of Coomasnie, to an Ashantee man, who, in order to keep his own head on his shoul ders, was bound to make it known to the King, his master, who immediately despatched a messenger to the Governor, requiring or demanding that the said woman should be hanged. His Excellenoy replied by saying, among other things, that both the matter and the woman were beneath the notice of the King of Ashantee; that he (the Governor) had put her in prison; and that he hoped this would satisfy the King. His Majesty returned an answer that, if the Governor wished to live in peace, he must hang the person who had so grossly insulted him. The affair now assumed a serious aspect, and his Excel lency summoned the council, in order to frame a despatch which would in all probability be an lti matum as to peace or war. When this important document arrived in Coomassio the King called to gether all his 'great chiefs,' and the writer of these words was requested to come to the palace and read it. The despatch, as is usual in such cases, contained much prefatory matter, and while this was being read the chiefs became very impatient, two or three times interrupting the proceedings by exlaiming, ' Whet has this to do with the woman?' However, the momen tous passage came at last, in which the Governor said, in elect, ' that he was willing to imprison the woman for two years, that even this would be thought a severe sentence in England, that he hopedthe Sing would now pass the matter over. But if he were not now satisfied, it would be evident to all that he only sought a cause of quarrel, and that if the King were determined to go to war, he (the Governor) would do his best to defend her Majesty's subjects and dominions.' No sooner had this ultimatum been read than two powerful chiefs sprang upon their feet, wishing to declare war at once, whilst two or three other chiefs stood up to make them sit down again. The poor reader was in the ?idst of this tumult, and for some little time these brawny fellows were literally wrestling with each other over his head. At last the King spoke, and all was hushed in a moment. After pausing awhile he said, ' Write and tell the Governor that as he will not hang the women it is of no use to keep her in prison, and therefore he may set her free.' The individual to whom this request or command was addressed thanked the King for the manner in which the palaver had happily terminated, and soon after left the palace, breathing freely, and rejoicing greatly that he had in any measure contributed to the maintenance of peace. 