NOTES OF THE CHURCH. Unity/ Sanctity and Catholicity. By the lino. J. JWarline.au. (Continued from oar last. J A no creation of artificial sms does not stop with the guardianship of doctrine, but extends to the field of practical concerns. The rising commerce of Southern Europe, especially of Genoa anil \ enicc, with the consequent exten sion of monetary transactions, in tlie twelfth and following centuries, brought up for settle ment new problems of contract anil exchange, which the supernatural guides of morals were expected to solve. All their deeisious proceeded ou the assumption that it was contrary to the divine law to charge or to pay anything for the use of money; and that, uuless a loan as re turned was identical amount within the loan as received, there was robbery or fraud in the transaction. Again and again, by Alexander III., was this doctrine laid down, and violations of it in practice threatened with excommunica tion ; and in the, sixteenth century it was made the plea for prohibiting all mercantile partner ships which guaranteed to the member of a firm any fixed return upon his capital, and all negotiation of bills of exchange, except the final presentation for payment to the house addressed. The principle -was re-affirmed anil explicitly defined by Benedict XIV., in five canons, promulgated in 1745 ; and iu 1793 the Bishop of Quebec was advised by the Propaganda, that guardians of children must not put out to loan, with interest, the trust fund committed to their charge. A rule which made all bauking business a breach of "commutative justice ' and the " divine law " could not bo expected to keep its ground in the economy of modern Europe ; and, since the beginning of the present century, the Roman authorities, with more prudence than candour, have evaded the problems of this nature which have been sub mitted to tlieni ; contenting themselves with a simple reference to the existing canons, or re commending that conscience should not bo disturbed. Nay, through the whole period of this prohibitory legislation, no royal or mercan tile liouse was more deeply implicated than the Papacy itself in money- dealings with the capitalists of Italy, who certainly dill not come to the relief of the Roman indebtedness, or the support of the Rouiau profusion, without security for adequate returns. Brokers and lenders, who elsewhere fell under malediction as the " mammon of unrighteousness," brought their treasure and their transactions to Rome or Avignon, and found themselves in a paradise of privilege and peace. Were we permitted to treat these errors and defects as parts of a simply human history, they would take their natural place in the gradual ascent of European society into clearer light unci higher conscience, and would bear favourable witness to a reb'gion that could work itself free of them, and join in the sentence which condemns them ; but when they appear as attributes of a iliviue institute, included in the unchangeable teachings of the Holy Ghost, as a deliverance of the inspired custodian of faith and morals, they so wrap up Christianity in obscurantism, anil weight it with wrong, that its beauty is hid, its progressive life im peded, and its claim to supernatural sanctity rendered totally inadmissable. Even iu "The Lives of the Saints " as personal portraits alone, judged without any reference to doctrinal mistake, we have little more than a great con ception spoiled, - a noble instrument of moral education applied to the nurture of childish tastes and feeble superstitions, instead of to the culture of a manly reverence anil a guiding love. " Consider," says a distinguished Ultra montane, "the saints of the Church. How singularly like to each other ! how singularly unlike to all besides ! It is a part of Catholic cloctriue, that the Church is actually infallible in proposing these holy beings to the love and reverence of the faithful. Moreover, the practice is earnestly inculcated on every Catho lic, of studying carefully their acts aud lives, as the one highest and truest exhibition of Christianity, as presenting the one type of character most acceptable to God, — the type of character by approximating to which, and in no other way, can men become better Christians. " No more winning hope can be held out to a devout mind than that of beiug thus drawn to wards God through the example and communion of those who are nearest to aim ; but,' among the many collapses that await a high-wrought religious imagination, there is hardly a greater descent than from the saint of pure thought to the saint of the calender. The loss of clear biographical interest in a legendary tissue of trivial miracles and visions, the stiff and narrow conception of character, the exaggeration of ascetic severities and spiritual contemplations, the strained opposition between the secular and the divine life, produce an indescribable dis appointment in the reader of the Catholic hagiology, giving him no living friend to his spirit, but leaving him in the presence of some thing between tne doll and the idol. So, at least, it is with the mass of such literature. Aud when we turn to the greater figures of authentic history,- now glorified with the beatific crown, we might feel many .a doubt, were not the award infallible, whether it sits well ou the head that wears it, and would not now and then be more becoming on modest but heretic brows, which the canonized persecutor bound- vith thorns of agony. If, in our dreams of a perfection truly holy, we might follow the Christlike image, we might, perhaps, desire for the historical niches of our sanctuary a series of saints less illhuinored thau Jerome, less ferocious than Cyril, less arrogant than Becket, less jealous than Bernard. Many an unpre tending human -biography, -telling its story in the dialect of nature, rather than of grace, has spoken to tlie heart of higher things, and stirred the conscience to nobler aims, than the wonder ful tales of monks and martyrs, whose very dust aud relics are said to dispel the powers of ill. These many vestiges of moral imperfection compel us to feel that we here stand in a mixed and human scene ; nor can we find, as we look round, any simply divine enclosure, that we should take the sandals from our feet, and say, "This is the house of God: this is the very gate of heaven." 3\. By the Catholicity, or universality, of the Church, is meant, "not mere extension, but also identity in all places." It is therefore the same character, relatively to a wide area, which is expressed by the word unity, relatively to long duration, and must be estimated by similar methods. The grand rule of Consensus " Quod semper, quodubique, quod ah omnibus" — is divided by tbese two notes ; the "semper" constituting unity; the " ubique," Catholicity ; the "ad omnibus," resuming both. What is this, we are asked, which iu every latitude, and all round the world, has a persistency attaching to nothing human, — not even to the features and color of men's bodies, much less to the expression of their inner nature '! No language, no polity, no code, no schemes of thought, no rules of art, can bear travelling and colonization without rapid change of type. Nor among the elements of civilization does religion in itself enjoy any immunity from this general rule. But here is a system, which, from Scandinavia to the Cape, from the St. Lawrence to the Colorado, preserves its character intact, — which is steady through varying nationalities,— which neither freezes in arctic snows, nor dissolves in tropic heats, — which, through the Babel of human tongues, speaks ever the same venerable words, and holds forth the same visible symbols, embodying an unalterable faith, and enforcing on the conscience an inflexible moral law ; so that the miracle of Pentecost -might any day virtually repeat itself; and visitors from every clime, meeting under any sacred roof, would find themselves in no strange sanctuary, but would hear proclaimed in tones , they could interpret as their own, "the wonderful works of God." Whence can this marvel of steadfastness proceed, but from the presence of objective truth, and the guardian ship of the divine Spirit V Whatever of argument there may be in this appeal to the imagination admits of a very simple reply. The truth of God, it is urged, is self-consistent and uniform. Yes. But not everything which is self-cousisteut and uniform can claim to be the truth of God : other causes than the presence of the divine element may arrest the growth of variations. There is a monotony in blindness, as well as in perfect sight ; where the sun never rises, a,s where it never sets ; and whether the sameness is that of abiding darkness, or of certain light, can be judged only by the conditions which attend it. If it is found among minds and wills freely ' played upon by the influences which modify . thought and character, their concurrence affords a fair presumption of then- having fallen into "harmony with the reality of things; but if it appear only within a fence of severe restraints, where an audacious spiritual power has secured a universal abjectness, the subjective uniformity stands in no relation to objective truth. When observers east and west, gazing through perfect : nstruments on both hemispheres, bring in the , same reports of successive constellations seen at differing hours, it is because one movement carries, and one heaven overreaches oil ; but when blindfolded men are led about by a skilled practitioner, and made to tell the visions they behold, them agreement only proves that they stand in the same relation to their prompter, and, because they see nothing, can see any thing that he desires. Error, you say, is various, while truth is one. Yes ; but passive obedience is something short of either, and keeps men standing, where, if they do not wander, it is only because they cannot move. You must first let them be free to lose them selves on the open plain, and seek the iufinite horizon wherever any heavenly glow may seem. to call ; and then if you find them all moviiig along the same radius, with eye intent on the ' same meridian, and face nshine with the same beams, you may well be sure that the light of : some divine reality is there, and intersects the trackless wild's with a true pilgrim's road. But, till then, cease to " talk so exceeding proudly" of a feature, which, with equal reason, every Buddhist and even every Free mason may make his boast. It would affect us strangely did we find a 1 vast and scattered society, consisting wholly of one-eyed people ; but the wonder would vanish, if we learned that it was a rule to put out the other eye during the novitiate, and to remove out of the way all who objected to the opera tion. Such a monocular phenomenon is the orthodoxy of the Church. It has got its one old picture of divine things, as seen through a single highly chromatic lens, and represented by the hand of a rude art; and resolutely refusing to reproduce it with the slightest variation, or to look through a second organ, it simply drives off all persons who are endowed with stereoscopic vision, and have gained a little insight into the deeper perspective of things. In a result thus brought about, there is nothing wonderful, except the infatuation which produces and admires it. That there are none but true sheep under the chief Shepherd means only that every goat is turned out of the fold. ( To be continued. ) 