July 20. . Binon my last tho weather lias been all that could be desired at this season of the year, viz., frosty nights and cold line days. Tho roads are drying up, so I ve no doubt but if it still continues tine we shall have a very respectable escort next month, for some of the olalras, on M Gulggan'3 ore washing up well, some of them going over two ounces to the loid ; and from the prospeobiobtained generally from the claims extend* ing fromiM'Gulegan's prospecting claim down to the second prospecting olafm, I should fauoy it will turn out a really good lead. True it ls not turning out a Blade Lead or Happy Valley in riohnoss, .still there are I should say fully twenty claims willoh will, if taken care of, placo the shareholders la a very Independent position. I saw the other day while at ono of the puddling machines, a parcel of gold I should think weighing about 70 ounoes. the result of two maohlnes of dirt. In my next I will give tho exuot result or the washings from several ot tho claims os they will have finished washing oarly this week. Business appears to be Improving also on this lead, tho miserable small bark shanties aro giving way to good substantial iron or weatherboard buildings, and many of the shanty keepers are also disappearing with them, and airing wav to a more legitimate class of business men. Atthe London Lead there has also been some improvement during the week. The paddocks of washdirt are Increasing both iii number and in size very fsst, and the only drawback ot present experienced is tho want of washing accommodation but as there are several puddling machines behn erected I have no doubt but this want will be supplied in a few weeks. Bkareson this lead are changing hands for fair prices, two shares sold bi No. 13 this week for £60 cooli, and os muou as £S10 has been offered and refused for a share in some or tue claims on this lead, but it must not bo supposed that this ls the rule on this gold Held for by for the ureatest number are only about wages dalma, and I believe there ls a great quan- tity of unopened ground on this Hold that will turn out very payable. At the Ben Nevis as woll there is a little Improve- ment! but the valao of tho lead cannot bo ascertained until there aro a fow washings up. On both these leads confidence appears to bo oompletely established as to their payableness. During the week there has been two new rushes, one to some now ground back of the London township, tills Is called the Little Wonder i the ground is about 40 Icet deep and and (as there is a good depth of wash a little gold will pay, the other was to the Band of Hopo Gully. The prospectors washed six loads for about three ounoes of gold, a lino sample, pieces varying tn size from abont 6 dwts. down to fine gold. They report depth of wash about 15 inobes, sinking about 20 feet ; this ls considered very payable. At¡the Gilgies they are Still sinking away, but have gol nothing payable yet. I forgot to mention that the lewer prospectors on M'Guigtran's Lead pulled the fing down again last week, lt appears that.thoy oan c get pay- able prospects any wav regular, and some aro beginning to think that the lead will not be payable across the oreek, but this ls net satisfactorily proved yet. At the Weloome, Richard- son's 'Gully, and the Frenchman's, tUein are a great many parties still at work with prolitable results. There lias also beon payablo prospects obtained In two claims. In a small gully branching off the soutbern^Ide of the Bushman's Leod near Mcintyres puddllngmaenlnes. At tho east side olino creek on the Groat Northern Lead, the water got Into several of the claims, and eo completely swamped them out that they will bove to sink fresh shafts, and I fear that somo of them will have a doal of trouble to get properly under way again, as tho creek made a clean breach right through some of -Bom by overflowing into ono of the Blunts, This ls a great loss to them, as somo of them had only just got fairly on tho «old, and most, of them hod only just got their ground in worklngorder. But there appears to be a groat dillloulty In traolng tba load beyond tho prospecting claim on this load. There ls n party trylnsj some ground »cor the Dayapring engine ; lt ls said that gold was obtained there some years ago, lu quarti nibing I have nothing fresh to report. The ree mentioned la my last, situated near M'Ouiggan's Lead, «Ul looks well; andupon the whole I may safely «tat« that mia ina in this district ia In a healthy condition, ? True, there a« a Kreat number bore that are not on sold, but of course that ii the case an all large rushes ; but I believe there would be a much larger number on gold if they gave np that miserable system of shepherding for two hours s day. and go to work like men. It is a great pity to see hundreds of able-bodied men dally for several months doing only the work or little cnildren, I hope the Mining Board will make a law compell- ing overy man who marks out a claim io represent lt for at least 6 hours out of every »I, within St hours after taking Îtossesslon of it, for I dont see why a man should be protected n holding n claim against a bonn-fitlo worker, tust because he happened to be on the ground, and stuck four pegs In it i but did nothing more for a month, save Ile on tho claim for about an hour and a half each day, and priy for holidays so that ho may bo exempt from doing that same, so you may depend that if tiley were compelled to bo on the ground 6 hours each day while sliopherdhig, they would-soon get tired of lt. and would go to work and prove the ground. I noticed a few weeks ago about forty men and boys shep- herding for ovor a week, and the deepest of the ground was not more than IS feet. I heard of a man who shepherded a claim somewhere In Victoria, (that country nf Immaculate Mining Legislators) for nino months', and then decided to sink, and bottomed tho hole at 2 feet. Only fancy the number of aliauces that man must hive lost by taking nine months to consider whether ho would sink that S foot hole or not. The Government has at last sent us a Clerk of Potty Bellona from Sydney. I wish they would send usn little more from Sydney, and return us ttomo of tho money we are Ílaying them every month. I dont think Slr. Armstrong can eel vor}' much In loro with his quarters, for as I have re fieatcdly stated, they tiaro to answer for court louso, mess-room, magistrate's room, and police-bar racks all la one. Dna not an article ol furniture savo one form, ancLafew pine boards placed on iron trcssols. I am sure the prisoners in the gaols ot the colony aro :muok betteraccominodatedthan the Government ofilclafsat Parkes, I hopo Mr. Armstrong will stir them np with respect to tho new court-liouso, and glvo them a rap at the «ama time about the telegraph and mails. Wo sent down a petition, with 1300 signatures, about tinco weoks ago, asking for another mall par week, aud I hear nothing further about it yet, neither ls thero a word about the telegraph, which wo should hare had here eighteen months ago. Mr, Parkas, I hope, will not for- get hts «ff spring altogether, iori am sure it has borne a very falrciiorocier a-far. Ile should see f l»! It gets a fair sharo of tts birthright,orelse ic may bo strangled in Its infancy ; if so. Us blood be upon Its godfather's hean, and may the ghost ol ruined homesteads and dosertod villages haunt his parliamen- tary life ns loni; as it lasts. Our J.F.'s ara likely to liavo rather a lively time of lt, as thero ororonry two of them to sit gene- rally* and the warden hus such a large district to attend to that ho can't give much of his timo at tho police-court. On the 14th instant, before Thomas Tom and II. H. Cooke, the following applications for publican's licenses wera nd Íournod for seven days and fourteen days respectively, viz,, ieromlah Finn, seven days : Michael Horeaghty, John J. Hayna, William Towuend, Phillip Knox, and Henry Har- mer for 14 days.tholrhouscsnot being flulshod. Here Mr.Tom tho bondi, and Mr. Twaddoll. J.P.. took his teat. Edward Ermin wast|ien charged by Constable Duffy with using ob- sceno language in a publia pince ; plea not guilty. However the bench, after hearing tile evidence, oonsldersd tho case Çroven, aud fined him £3 or fourteen days In the lockup, he line was paid. It is woll that tho magistrates make thoso gentlemen who cause so much treublo pay dearly for it. Thomas Slack alias Tommy Tell-a<llo, was brought up on ro mnnd, charged with cattla stealing. Scnlor-conBtable Purcell deposed that on tho 2nd instant prisoner admitted having shot the beast, but said ho did it undor the directory of another party whom ho thought was thoowner of it. Herbert Hubert Humpton, a mun in the employ af Mr. Iucly, of Goimbla, deposed i That ha heard a half-caste was out trnoklng cattle nuppoied to havo been stolen, and In tho evening saw a man driving ioma cattle, and tile half-casto saw him shoot ono of them. Ho followed tho man, who proved to bo an aboriginal, to a lisuso sorao 400 yards distant, when a man suns out, " Did you shoot It?" Tho backfellow roiillod," Yes." Tho man Inside then whilo in tho nut ot oom lng out, said " Is it fat ?" Prisoner replied, "Yes, a good kan- garoo." Tho stranger was »hen noticed, when tho conversa- tion changed. Itobcrt lluras then gavo similar evidence. Thomas Tom, a niaglstrato of tho territory and a gnuler, deposed] That he had lost several cattle latoly, aud that the beast lu question wa« lils propurty, having his registered brand on her, besides other marks. Tho prisoner had no questions to ask, and was fully committed to s Und IIIH trial at tho Forbes general sessions to ho holden on tha -'Uh August next. John James Hayes wns then charged with being noccssory to the above felony before tho fact ; plea, not guilty. Tho evidence against him was simply tho same ns that iu ttio previous caso with the exception that thu Ri'liior-convtnblo produced a stock return slewing tlint ho did not own uny cattle. Thomas Mack was brought ns u witness against him, hut Mr. Edwards, solicitor, who defended Hayes, objected to hlsovldonco hoing taken, on some legal point. Hut Tommy Tell-a-1 ie, settled tho question, by not knowing th« mauro of an oath ; however, tim boucl* thought thero was ovldcncu enough to commit him for trial ulao. Hull allowed. John Jonrs was charged by Joseph Ogle with obtaining money under falso pretences by selling a sharo which he lind no right to. However, evidefcwo was produced showing that ptuiutlff "s right to tho sliuvo wss never disputed. Prisoner was at onco discharger). A melancholy nccldcht, such as frcquuutly occurs on tho diggings, took placo ut, Parkes on Tuesday evening. Aman, Thomas M'Ctltchleu, got killed by a fall of earth while work- ing In tho drive lu No. a Bushman's Lead, A magisterial Inquiry was held lu tho Porkes Hotel, when it was proved tlint death was caused by accident. Uo was burled tho noxt dav. Ho was u young mun who wua much reipootod by all wtio knew him. 