That " Heaven-born Minister," Mr. ParkesysEema likely to add to his list of . achievements the elaooration oi a criminal muddle. Telegrams from Sydney yesterday state .that Mr. Parkes has used hie authority to prevent an other M.L.A., Mr. Buchanan, from visiting the gaols. Mr. Biiohanan is well known to moat people as the par liamentary windbag of the sister colony. Professing himself a member of that mystic tribe of religionists, the Glassitos, his chiof. occupation in publio life seemB to be hurling coarse insults and vulgar abuse at a particular sect, com prising fully one-tbird of the colonists of New South Wales. Time was, hot very long ago, when Parkes and he were, sworn friends. This was in the dajs when the former revived the 'practice of the tyrant Dionysius, and introduced a sbort-hnnd reporter within hearing of the con demned oell of the madman O'Farrell, by way of showing that a colonial Min ister was not above wresting the rav ings of a doomed maniao into a charge of conspiraoy against a whole commu nity. Alter doing his best to set' the colonists by the: ears, Parkes had to eat the leek, to own that he had lied, and on a public platform to whine out that his . story of the "Kiama ghost" was but a thing of his brain, a political expedient totally devoid of the faintest' shadow of truth. But all isnowohanged. By one of those dexterouB dodges so peculiar to Mr. Parkes, he threw over his Attorney General, Mr. Butler, broke his solemnly plighted word to t'jat gen tleman, and having made his most dangerouB opponent, Sir James Martin, swallow the hook of retirement, skilfully baited with the Chief Justiceship, he feels strong enough to be good, to leave off sack and live cleanly in a politicul sense. Now, therefore, he objects to M.L.A's. interviewing gaol birds. Perhaps he opines that in doing so they are visiting prison before their time. ,The revelations of the past year or two, however, concerning prison discipline in Sydney, seems to show that it would be well if New South Wales legislators paid even more attention to the internal ceconomy of Her Majesty's gaols in that oolony. With Cockatoo Island, under ite new aristooratio name of Biloela, a rampant den of female furies, who burn their bedding, destroy wholesale tbeir clothes and everything destructible, and shriek forth appalling curses by the hour; with prisoners manufacturing forgeries in gaol, and indulging in mutual plots of rob beries to be "put up" when their sentences expire ; with long-sen- tended ruffians, able to, get. loose and enjoy along holiday ride through the laud, horses, provisions, &c.;, furnished by a confiding Government, on the strength of a cock-and-bull story con cerning lost explorers, surely some ventilation of the " way it's done " is necessary. Mr. Parkes should at least be consistent. Though the reverse of successful in his own business affaire, he has dogmatically nailed his colors to the maBt, and proclaimed Free Trade the one thing needful to make Sydney the Empress of the Southern Seas. At least he should admit of Free Trade in tbe criminals, and remove the embargo from M.P.'s perhaps desirous of studying the amenities of crime. Against his own policy, he is en- oouraging native industry — of a peculiar sort, certainly. In place of the hundreds of youths employed in looal manufactories in Melbourne, the Sydney streets present an aimless clasB of juvenile loafers. Night-time in Sydney is rendered hideous by these gangs of youthful criminals, who, under the generio name of "The Forties" (derived from the professionals in " Ali Baba"), oongregate in dozens at tha street corners, blaspheming, fighting, and thieving when opportunity offers, rendering it unsafe for a respectable female to be in the streets after night fall. Up the country there is nothing for the rising generation to do, nor any prospeot for them in years to come, save the local industry which has rendered New South Wales notorious — running off a squatter's bul locks to an ovarian! market, or filling the beef-tub with a beast from an adja cent run. ' These are the occupations provided for the New South Wales youth, while a band of greasy mer chants cheerfully pay their small modi cum of the. heavy taxes which fall prin cipally upon theindustriouB olasses, and .chuckle over their fat bank books, mado plethorio. for the few at the expense of the many by Parkes and his free traders. 