A Mountain in Labour-Great Ex- citement. GiiKAT excitement and consternation linve been created in America by tho most extraordinary noises, hsavings, tremblings, and eruptions of a mountain known as the Bald Mountain, a now volcano in North Carolina, which is said to bo "doine missionary' work in its neighbourhood." Tho American rival of Vesuvius, na it is already named, has been "interviewed," and the result communicated to tho world.. Tho shocks, des- cribed by the correspondent of tho Jfcw York Herald as " commencing with a noise like that of a smothered! blast, and followed by a low rumbling sound," aro pro- ducing a most profound effect upon thc inhabitants of the district. At a farm-bouso whore the writer halted, during his ascent of tho mountain he found a crowd of! | torror-striokon ricoplo. One of theso, who owed fifty. dollars, offered to sell his two cows and a horse forthat j amount, " because he did not want to go out of tho i world owing a cont tojuiy man." And his feelings aro shared by tue whola population. Praycr-nieetingo nro held, at whioh tho most extraordinary conversions aro made. Those at " Elliott's house, at the baso of Stone Mquntain," are described ss of a most enthusiastic na- ture During their continuance, on otho fifth day. a singular icene occurred. " A porfeot Kip van Winkle appeared in the perBôn of Major. Bend«, an illicit dis- tiller.",. Tho major, ."-who carried on his sinful traffic j iii tho'vory bowcla of the mountain, .and was seldom 1 socii by humans," appeared as palo ns a ghost, and ex- claimed, " It's coming and thar ain't no uso a talkiii'. I Ef you had b'on shirk as bad,as,I you, wouldn't bo a wantin* nothin' hut religion." Thc old man then told how the rumbling noises detersainod him to como down tho mountain, mend his ways, nnd quit distilling. Thinking the world wascoming toanend, all ho wanted was "arovenne officer to whom he could oonfess his transgressions against tho Government." But tho revenue officers, had fled tho night before from tho I samecáuBO, They had attended thc meeting, during j which " tlie sovore shocks so frightened them " that they ordered their horses and " put off in a hurry." A negro preacher has improved thc occasion and muds numerous, conversions. Tlie only fear ia that whoo I danger disapjwars tho converts will ruturn to their old ways. With rosjicct to/this " Now Vosuvius," tho Raleigh (North Carolina) correspondent of. th« ¿imo York Tri- bune, writes to that journal, on March 17, as follows : -" Passengers from the "West, on this morning's train, confirmed thc report« of tho rumbling noises, and tho general up-hcaving^of. Bald Mountain, in Wcutem North Carolina. ^P'eoplo living on and n»ar tho inouu tain oro moving, and a volcanic eruption is cxpoctcd." 