HUNTING. The second hunt of the season took plaro on Saturday last, at Campbell town, where Mr. W. P. Bowes, the master had a Jingo provided. The members of the Sydney Hunt Club aud their friends left town by the ordinary morning train to whifh halt a dozen borse-boxes we attached ; and upon arriving at Campbell town were joined Viv several others. His Excel lency Sir Hercules Robinson, Lady Robineon, Miss Robinson, Captain awl Mrs. St. John, Commodore Good enough, and Miss Goodenough were present ; and the Governor, Captain St. John, Mrs. St. John (on Cracksman) and Commodore Goodenough took an active part in the hnnt, while the other members of the party were driven along the Appin Boadr in Mr. G. F. Want's carriage. At about half-past 12 c'clock some twenty or thirty had assembled in Graham's paddock, from which a itart was to be made The master had thirteen " spotted beauties," most of them iu very good form, considering the short time he has has had them in hand. After some slight delay the hounds were laid on, and they went away at a good pace towards Appin. The ground was very sloppy and slippery, and one or two nearly came to grief at the first fence, which was not very high, but stitt enough to satisfy a glutton, and without the ghost of a a gap. Then a big three-railer was negotiated, and most of the outsiders were brought to a standstill. Several smaller obstacles followed, and when they came in sight of the road Cap tain Osborne was at the front, and all the scarlet coats were well up. After going about two miles the dogs crossed the road, and there was some pretty jumping out of and into the paddocks, Captain Osborne, Captain Airey, Mr. Terry, Commodore Good enough, Mr. Cox, Mr. Maxwell,-the Master, and the two whips getting well over without a mistake. Here a check occurred, and after a Utile breathing time h;id been allowed, the hounds scented the dingo, and, break ■ ing forth into music, loud and deep, dashed away at a merry pace with fifteen or sixteen of the best mounted in their wake. The dingo made straight am ss country, ami a short distance from the road two fair fences at the top of a steep hill thinned down the field a little, and after descending the hill, a tnile or so of nice country was traversed. The hounds, still goin<r beautifully together, raced down a nasty pinch, over a blind creek, and led into and across a ploughed field. Here condition began to tell on some of the horses, and the field commenced to straggle. After getting out of the heavy ground, the scent led into some close forest country, where the pace grew very severe. At the end of a mile the trees were left, and the line lay through a lot of paddocks wi& strong three-rail fences, with an oc casional four-railer to relieve the monotony. At this point of the hunt Commodore (I.tte Sportsman), havin<* warmed to his work; and his Excel lency entering thoroughly into the spirit of the sport, joined the first flight and negotiated several good fences very cleverly. A little more than a mile at a clipping pace, when another rasper brought them again into forest country, and the deeper notes of the " beauties" told that they had sighted tjie " warrigal." • A sharp run through close timber and scrub brought the hounds, which were still clustered, and going as gailv as ever, too close to the " native," and his heart failing hirn, he doubled, and threw several of the leading huntsmen off the trail, thereby allowing their followers to come-up. Still going at nearly racing pace, a strong set of rails was thrown behind, and then the hounds ran into the dingo and turned him over. Ryan and Mason, the whips, whipped off the dogs and secured the game, but not before he had bitten the Latter very severely on the back of the lelt hand. The dog was then led away, and he will not be troubled until next Saturday, when Eerchance, with_ 'more icondition to elp him, he will give a longer run. The chase ended in Wood house's j paddock, and those who wele in at the "death" were: Sir Hercules Robinson, on Cotnm.odore; Captain Airey, on Vagabond; Captain Osborne,;. on a Glaucus horse ; Captain St.! John, on Busby; Mr-Maxwell, on Killbride; Commodore Goodenough, on Gaylad • Mr. E. Terry, on Transit; Mr. S. Cox' on Walkover; Mr. R. F. Pickering, on Mr. Yeoman's Debut; a stranger, on Mr. Terry's Fisherman ; Mr, " W.' P. | Bowes op The Dean and Mr. George Mason and Mr. . Ryan on Rocket (chesnut) afid Receipt. Taken right through, the jumping was excellent, fio good indeed that it would be unfair to make speeiaj Preference to -any of the wearers of the scarlet. The hounds worked well thi»oughout, *and were beautifully managed, and the meeting was arglorioussuccess in(every respect. Half an hours rest after the capture, and then the whole cavaieade went off at a good ,,ace to ,Mr. G. F. Want's residence, where an excellent' cham pagne luncheon had been provided by the host for the viceregal party and the hunters, and it need hardly be said that full justice was rendered. An hour.s ride along thojtoad brought Campbelltown into vi^ and the whole party reached Sydney in safety j by the evening'train: .■■■■ ' 