ADELAIDE PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY. The 191st meeting of this Society was held at the South Australian Institute on Tuesday evening. March 3. >There was a full attendance of members and others, and His Excellency tha Before the particular business of the evening; was proceeded with several preuminary matters were disposed of. Mr. S. J. Magarey, M.B. (Melbourne), was unanimously elected a member of the Society. Mr. C. A. Wilson would throw out the hint that at the proper time it would become tha Society to notice the result of the recent explora tions of Major Warburton. The same gentleman laid on the table 'Whitley Partner's, 1873, Catalogues of Im« proved Mechanical Inventions' and a diagram of 'Peet's Valve-taps.' >Mr. Wilson >also asked whether any member oi the Society had heard anything farther of a subject mentioned in the Australasian of March. 22, .1873. It referred to an article written in the Lancet by Dr, Bennett a? to a fc-ssQ man found at Mentone. whether any further information had recently been obtained on the subject of Coorongite, or mineral caoutchouc. He had first heard it spoken of about three years ago, and had had several pieces of the substance, which he had forwarded to England. >The Register, in dealing with the subject on February 24 last, gave expression to the various opinions entertained as to the origin of the subtance, and to what order it rightly belonged. John McDouall Stuart had given him a piece of the so-called Coorongite, and also of the earth in the neighbourhood where it was found. The latter he had observed was very similar to fuller's earth, and would burn, which, in his opinion, established the fact that the Coorongite exuded through the earth, and was of mineral, not of vegetable origin. ^Mr. C. Bonnet, J.P., said he had for some time been unsettled as to what the substance under discussion was, but he had at length come to the conclusion that probably it was of mineral origin. The difficulty with him was that the Coorongite was not found on the bottom, but at the margin of the lakes. >That would seem to show that the oil came up through-the water and was blown by tho winds along tho surface to the banks. It was noticeable, though, that the basin of the lake was sandy, which would create a difficulty ; but he understood that the deposit was only found in the very wet seasons. never heard of the Coorongite being found at any depth, but generally on the lee side of the lake. > Mr. BonitET believed that the substance had been found at some feet from the surface. interest to the Society for him to mention that the Observatory was progressing, and it was possible that the equatorial telescope which had been ordered from England might be in the colony in time for use at the transit of Venus. He hoped that scientific gentlemen would render all good telescopes available on that important occasion. The equa torial was being constructed under the super vision of his friends. Sir G. B. Airy, the Astro nomer Royal of England, and Mr. Warren De La Rue. Messrs. Cook & Son, of York, were the opticians. The instrument would have an object-glass 8 inches in diameter, and a refractor in preference to a reflector, the former being considered most serviceable for a working instru ment. There would also be clockwork action, and a spectroscope. The equatorial, which would be the best procurable, had been promised to be completed by July; but all the English opticians were inundated with orders from England and the Continent for instruments to be used in tho observation of the transit of Venus. The Russian Government were going to fit out 27 stations for the occasion. It was pleasing to note, at a time when the ability of English opticians was being questioned, to find foreigners going to England for their instruments. ^His Excellency had forgotten the exact date of the transit. ^Mr. Todd— December 8 next. > The Hon. B. T. Fixniss then read his pro. mised paper on ' Mind : its Relation to a Nervous System,' of which the subjoined is an abstract :— The term Psychology, he remarked, was derived from the Greek 'soul,' and the science treated of everything relating to the operations of mind in man or analogous phenomena in tho lower animals. Professor Owen, Herbert Spencer, Professor Bain, and Mr. G. H. Lewis were the chief authorities on which the lecturer based his statements. Philosophers of every age had held almost similar views on the nature of the soul and of the life or spirit. Some, as Anaxagoras and Heraclitus, amongst the Greeks, and Giordano Bruno, of the later philosophers, taught what was known as Pantheism, or God everywhere. Plato took a view most in accordance with that of modern orthodox Christianity. He considered that 'the vital idea or spirit may after death dis solve its connection with the body and may return to the divine source whence at tho creation of animated beings it had emanated. The soul, therefore, is essentially independent of matter, and is connected with it only by a bond capable of solution.' The doctrine of Pythagoras, who taught about five centuries before Christ, as well as that of . the Platonists, assumed that the soul was inde pendent of the body, and not a property of it, or of matter in any form, only being united with the body in living organic forms. The early Christian Fathers maintained that the spirit, or life, and the soul, or mind, were distinct, and given by the Creator at different periods; that life was given during the earliest stage of foetal existence, the soul was added afterwards, but only in the human race. Modern philosophers, to get rid of the difficulty as to mind in the lower animals, called it in them instinct. A still later school taught that the difference was only one of degree. Instinct, by the last-mentioned claw, was defined as inherited experience acquired by mental effort in the successive ancestors of the species; in short, habits acquired by early progenitors in the struggle to maintain existence. Two theories existed as to life. In one was asserted the existence of life as a separate immaterial spiritual entity, in the other life was associated with organic matter as the result rather than the cause of organization. Modern research had established that life was not in reproduction, given at any particular stage of germ development, but was derived directly from the parent organism, and was in short a continuation of that life. The vital theory, therefore, had now few supporters. The evolutionary theory taught that life had been developed from natural causes through the properties of matter under conditions and com binations, and thenceforward had been pro pagated through countless and ever-improving forms in the past down to the final manifesta tion of consciousness in man. The vital theory rested purely on belief and conviction, sup ported by metaphysical argument without fact or an experimental basis. Biologists brought the strongest probabilities, founded on observed phenomena, to support the opposite doc- trine. The Jews in their cosmogony and ancient histories taught nothing of the soul except that the soul and life were the same thing. Into Adam was 'breathed the breath of life, and he became a living soul,' but no where in the Hebrew writings prior to the first captivity was it asserted that soul and life had a separate existence. All the promises, rewards, and punishments related to the present world. It was clear that the Jewish nation of that age could not comprehend the immaterial; but it was somewhat remarkable that the Egyptians, though believing in many gods, yet had a vivid conception of the separate existence of the soul apart from the body. Pythagoras believed that the soul could in its transmigrations inhabit animals as well as human beings. Whilst the Greek, however, believed in a Hades, where lived departed spirits, yet no mention was found of animals in Hades. It was clear, on the whole, that tho views of the soul, spirit, and life entertained by the ancients, Pagans, and Jews were very uncertain, mythical, and indistinct, and modern opinions were hardly more advanced than those of the Platonic period. Human understanding failed to grapple with the immateriality, immortality, and it was impossible to attempt to explain what the mind could not conceive. The existence of soul and spirit could never be under stocd, and were only to be received as matters of faith and belief. The scientific philosopher, however, endeavoured to trace the subject through its physical and organical manifestations. The lecturer then proceeded to discuss the fol lowing propositions, elaborately arguing each, and citing authorities:— First. That without brain there could be no manifestation of mind, and that it was only possible to conceive of mind in connection with a nervous system, which system Herbert Spencer stated ' is composed of two tissues, the grey matter and the white matter, of which the former was vascular in structure, the latter a fibrous texture.' Second. That as to the human mind every thought had a cause, which cause was an evident impression on the brain, causing a dis turbance or molecular movement in its ganglia. Third. That intellect comprehends only the re lational elements of mind. Fourth. That the real soul that instructs the brain and forms the mind of man was found ia the Unknown Power manifesting itself in all the varieties of the material universe, which waa able by simple means to produce the phenomena called sensa tion and consciousness, through whioh man was brought into relation with nature, of which he was after all but a part, and not an emanation. The hon. gentleman concluded a very able paper, evidencing deep research, and which is necessarily but cursorily dealt with in the fore going abstract, by quoting the following passage, said to have been among the last words written by the recently deceased David Frederick Strauss:— 'I shall be told that I am here speaking of things I understand nothing about Very well-, but others wfll come who will under stand them, and who will also have understood me.' Mr. Bonnet moved a vote of thanks to the hon. gentleman for his able and interesting paper, with the views expressed in which he agreed in the main. Many years ago he had taken up the idea that the principle of electricity was associated with the principle of life, and that there was something exterior to the brain which acted on that organ. He did not go into the theological questions, which were purely matters of belief, and had nothing to do with .philosophy. He thought that as the waves of sound acted on the drum of the ear and the waves of light on the eye, so the brain waited to be acted upon. . What that action was they could not say, and could only use the analogy of electricity. Physical acts, however, supported the theory con tended for, every muscle of the human frame being proved to be a small galvanic apparatus. With reference to the ideas of the ancients as to the soul, it was noteworthy that the Asiatic mind always had inclined to the Pantheistic, while European thought leant towards the recog nition of something akin to human form, such as ghosts and spectres. It was rather a re markable fact, too, that Europe had never pro duced a great lawgiver, while Asia could show many such. Mr. Ingleby seconded the vote. He re marked, though, that allowing the paper had explained the mechanism by which the mind worked, he had failed to see how mind pri marily originated. Mr. Finniss had said by force ; Mr. Bonney by electricity. It was admitted that there must be some external and inexplicable cause. He would call the attention of the Society to a paper on the subject, by Professor Tyndall, entitled 'Scientific Mate rialisH..' The learned professor observed as to the cause of thought that it was beyond human ken. The vote of thanks was carried with accla mation. The Hos. Secretary mentioned that the Governors of the Institute had decided to allow members of that Society the use of the room in which they ordinarily held their meetings as a reading-room from 2 o'clock in the afternoon till dusk. The Society would also have the use of any scientific works there were in the Library. On the motion of the Hon. Secretary, seconded by Mr. C. A. Wilson, a cordial vote of thanks was awarded to the Governor for his kindness in presiding. His Exceit.kncy briefly acknowledged tlio compliment, observing that he took a deep iuti rest in the Society, and would always be happy to' work in any way he could to forward its objects and the general advancement of philo sophical research. The meeting then closed. 