THE STORY-TELLER A NIGHT AT CASTLE KEVIN. (From Once a Week.) " Not a horrid man," she said, " like the one my cousins made last Christmas— with an old hat on and a pipe in his mouth; but a lovely, graceful statue. I'm afraid the features will be trouble some—the nose, for instance; still the general effect shall be good. Hugh and Jane have promised to help me, and so has Mr. Cardigan." Sir Hugh and Mir. Cardigan were the only visitors remaining, and they intended leaving early the following morning. I had taken cold, and could not venture out; so I sat at the window and watched the merry quartette at work. Snow is not the best material for a statue, nor were they very efficient sculptors ; how ever, they succeeded in raising a figure— not exactly lovely or graceful, yet rather less uncouth than such things generally are. Then Winifred—the little romp flung a snowball at Mr. Cardigan, who chased her with cries of vengeance, until they were out of sight and hearing. Lady Jane and Sir Hugh Shafto lin gered yet awhile in the garden. What a pretty picture they made! She in her scarlet cloak the hood of which was drawn over head, forming such a charming set ting for her fair, smiling face ; he looking down proudly at her, one of her hands clasped in his. Presently, with an air of ownership, he placed the little hand upon his arm and they walked slowly away. The low murmur of their voices just reached me. Ah, how pleasant life was for them, I thought. I did not grudge them their happiness ; but being quite alone, and somewhat weary, I turned from the window with a wistful sigh. In the evening, when Winifred had left me, I settled myself luxuriously by the schoolroom fire, with a book that I had found in the library—a collection of le gends containing many illustrations of an uncanny and grewsome nature. I had become absorbed in a particularly horri ble story, when I was startled by a light cold touch upon my shoulder ; and, turn ing round, I saw that Lady Jane had entered noiselessly, and was standing be hind me. She laughed mischievously. " How nervous you are, Miss Wacie," she said. " I have really terrified you, and as I have come to ask a favour, that was very bad policy. May I stay here with you for awhile ? This is a far cosier place than the drawing-room, and ,Will be better still if we put out the lamp and content ourselves with the firelight. Oh, I'm so tired of those people !" Those people ! There were no guests except Mr. Cardigan and Sir Hugh Shafto, and this was her lover's last night at Cas tle Kevin. " Will they not miss you V' I asked. She drew herself up haughtily. '1 Whether they miss me or not is en tirely my own affair. If you do not de sire my company, that is, of course, another matter." I by no means desired it. Lady Jane was apparently in one of her strange moods, and, besides, I felt sure that her parents would be annoyed, and Sir Hugh grieved by her absence. However, I could only say that she was welcome, hoping, even while I uttered the polite falsehood, that somebody might be sent in search of ber. But no one came. She extinguished the lamp, stirred the fire into a blaze, and seated herself oppo site to me. I had laid my book on the table, and she took it up. "What have you been reading?" she asked. " Goblin stories, to judge by the .-.»~*«iCfcureB. Do you believe in ghosts, Miss Wacie ?" I—lately imported from the matter of-fact atmosphere of Polyglot House— believe in ghosts! I denied all superna tural fears with perhaps unnecessary vehemence. Lady Jane smiled a little mocking smile that nettled me. " That is well," she said, " for of course this house is haunted; and if you do happen to meet the ghost—or ghosts rather, for there are two of them—you won't mind. You know that door on the left hand of the passage near your bed room ?" The door in question opened upon a staircase leading to some roomB that Winifred and I had explored one wet afternoon. They were mere dilapidated garrets, containing only some worm-eaten furniture, put there to be out of the way. In the farthest of them we found a small door, secured by rusty bolts, which we drew back with much difficulty. It gave access to a narrow platform on the roof— a dangerous standing-place, for it had no parapet nor protection of any kind; and I hastened to re-enter the garret, pulling my pupil in with me. I told this to Lady Jane. "It is there that ghosts walk," she said. " Winnie does not know of their existence or she would certainly have avoided their territory. But you shall hear their stoiy if you like." " The Lord Conyngton of Charles the First's time married a young Frenchwo man of noble family—Gabrielle de St. Meurice by name—one of the ladies who had accompanied Queen Henrietta Maria to England. She was very lovely—I must show you her picture; it is in the Blue Chamber, the room Sir Hugh occupies at present—and the earl almost idolised her; but he was jealous and could not bear to witness the attention she received from the courtiers, especially from a French marquis, her cousin to whom it was re ported she formerly had been attached. So he brought her to this lonely place— lonelier then than now, and dangerous too ; for in those days the Irish were wild folks indeed. The petted court favourite pined in her solitude ! but Lord Cjjnyng ton had her all, to himself, and, for a time, was content. By degrees, however, his suspicions revived. He watched her almost unceasingly, and at last his vigi- ; lance was rewarded. " One winter's night, while wandering about, he saw footsteps in the newly fallen snow—a man's footsteps—and traced them [ to a part of the house where the ivy, which grew thick and strong, was torn, and some of its leaves scattered over the tfhite ground. He returned to the house and in one of those old rooms found his wife with her cousin, who had climbed up by the ivy, and entered through the small door opening on the roof. He now at tempted to escape by the same way ; but Lord Conyngton followed and grappled with him on the narrow platform. The marquis fought for his life ; but his op ponent was stronger, and, after a brief struggle, flung him into the courtyard below. " When the enraged husband returned to where Gabrielle lay cowering on the floor, there was that in his face that made her rise and flee from him ; but he overtook her, and stabbed her, heedless of lier cries and prayers, and her arms cling ing around him. " Long afterwards some letters were found which entirely proved the poor lady's innocence, showing that she had met her kinsman only to arrange some plan of escape from her weary life here to hor relations in France. Upon this dis covery, Lord Conyngton, overcome by re morse, entered a monasteiy, where he died, and as he left no children, the title and estates passed to our branch of the family. But his spirit and Gabrielle's still haunt the scene of the tragedy; and she has often been heard ciying, as on that dreadful night, for Mercv |5> J mercy. "As for the ghost part," said I, "I don't believe a word of it. But was Lord Conyngton suffered.to go unpun ished for that double murder?—was there no enquiry V' r j H?to,y 13 silent on that point," said Lady Jane ; " but I don't suppose there was a Coroner's inquest. Crime was too easily hushed "up in those good old times —especially here in Ireland, where the Kkecf "Se6me<^ Ver^ much 38 they We remained silent for a while—Lady Jane gazing into the fire, I watching her, and thinking how beautiful she looked! bhe was dressed in white—no colour about her but her blue eyes, her tnasBes of dark hair, and an ornament that hung low upon her neck a diamond encircled an opal that glowed and flashed in the firelight. It was a present from Sir Hugh; and there came to my remembrance an old superstition respecting opals—that they are unlucky stones, bringing misfortune to those who wear them. Costly though the jewel was, I should scarcely have Hired so ominouB a love token. We were aroused from our reverie by the sound of a clock striking twelve.. Lady Jane started. " How late it is 1" she exclaimed. " I suppose every one has gone to bed. I told Lisette not to sit up for me. Yes " she continued, looking out into the cor ridor, " the place is quite dark, and they have forgotten to bring a candle for me. Let me go with you to your room, Mis« Wacie ; you can light those on your toi lette table and give me that one." As we passed the Blue Chamber, we saw the firelight gleaming through the partly open door. r Hugh must be in the smoking' room with papa," said my companion; he is sure not to disturb us, so come and look at Countess Gabrielle's por trait." 1 She entered, drawing me in with her ; and taking the candle from my hand, held it so that the light fell full on the painting which hung above the mantelpiece, and certainly merited a more honourable place than that seldom- used apartment. The poor Countess must have been very lovely, but what struck me most forcibly was the likeness between her pictured race and the uplifted face of Lady Jane. Both had the exquisitive Greek contour, , the blue eyes and shadowy hair; but I with those the resemblance ceased, for the living beauty's marble white cheeks and somewhat haughty expression formed a decided contrast to the peach- like bloom and winsome smile of the ill-fated Ga brielle. Our progress seemed destined to inter ruption". When we reached the door of the haunted staircase, Lady Jane stopped and opened it. " giro no credence to ghost stories, Miss Wacie," she said; "yet I think you would hardly go alone as far as that landing, even though I waited for you here." Coward that I was, I feared her ridi cule. I ran quickly up the steps, and had just reached the landing when the light disappeared from below, the door was shut violently, and I heard Lady Jane s mocking langh as she sped away, leaving me in darkness and terror. For a moment I stood trembling, irresolute, waiting as it were for some dreadful vision; then I rushed down, flung myself against the door, managed—I know not how to unfasten it, and flew to my own room, a veiy haven of safety. Its air of snugness, the cosy fire on its hearth, were reassuring; and ere long I was able to laugh at my foolish fears, and her lady ship s somewhat ill-natured trick I has tened to get into bed—first, as was my habit, drawing back the window cur tains—and, being very tired, I soon fell I woke with a weight of horror upon me—woke, and started up. The moon was shmmg into my room, and before me, where its light fell clearest, stood—what WQO it 7 A v n r» ... _ I O . V»voavo^ ObUUU.—wnat was it ? A white-robed figure with long dark hair flowing about it like a veil, with weird, bright eyes, with something upon its breast that sparkled in the moonbeams. It. rpnira/3 , i It moved, came nearer and nearer, came quite close ; touched me with a soft, cold touch ; and then I saw that it was Lady •v?" . Lady Jane! but could any visitant from a mysterious other world have been more terrible than that living, breathing creature, with whom I had talked familiarly a little while before« An utter powerlessness came over me. I tried to scream, to speak, to whisper. I tried to shrink away from her, but in vain; though she held a long, sharp knife, and that, and her dress, and her i hands—yes, the very hand that touched | me—were stained with the awful stain of blood. At length she spoke, in a low, monoto nous voice— " Come with me. You are not afraid— you told me you were not afraid, and I. want your help." I could not ask " for what 1" And she continued— < " I have avenged her ! She will never wander in the cold any more, wailing and beseeching. It is life for life, and now she will rest, after all these weary years. But come, the moon is goiug down, and there must be light for what we have to do." I rose meehanically, and stood beside her ; then she closed round my wrist a grasp like ice and iron, and led me— whither ? Along the dim corridor, past the haunted staircase, to the Blue Cham ber. I must have swooned before a less hor ror, or fled from it with cries and lament ations. As it was, I gazed silently before me, where, upon the quaintly carved bed, lay Sir Hugh Shafto, dead—stabbed to the heart by her whom he had loved best in all the world ! I turned and looked at her, and, seeing her smile of mocking triumph, knew the truth—Lady Jane was mad ! She released my hand, flinging it from her impatiently, and signed that I should aid her. Taking the rich silken coverlet, she spread it upon the floor. Then we raised him—that passive thing, so lately full of life and health—and laid him on it, she folding it over him, and covering the quiet face. She had the strength of insanity, and, as for me, I seemed incapable of feeling either pain or fatigue. We lifted our dead burden, and re-entered the corridor, our footsteps fall ing noiselessly on the soft, thick carpet. How still the house was ! A clock some where uttered its measured tick, tick; and between the sounds there seemed ages of agony. Oh, if those sleepers by whose rooms we were passing could only know ! Oh, that they would awake, that a door would open, that anything would happen to save me from that fearful dead presence and from the living presence more fearful thousandfold! I endea voured to recall instances of which I had heard or read, when ready wit and pre sence of mind had defeated lunatic cun mnShut I could remember nothing, could do nothing but obey the beautiful murderess, and follow wherever she might We descended the stairs, and went across the hall, and along another corridor into the school-room. Oh, strange, to en ter that homely place—the scene of daily fl?ork, and study, and light-hearted talk— bearing a thing so ghastly ! I felt no surprise, then, that our pro gress was quite unimpeded. The doors, placed at intervals to exclude the draughts' had all stood open, and the French win dow of the school-room was open also. We passed through it into the West gar den. There was the snow figure, ren dered almost shapeless by the additional snow that had fallen upon it during the evening. We laid him down near it— he who, a few hours before, had been the merriest of a merry party—as insen sible now to love and joy and sorrow as the perishable image he had helped to raise. Then a look of indecision came into Lady Jane's face. She glanced about restlessly, as if seeking for something. " I had forgotten,"she muttered. "We must go and get them." My heart beat wildly with the hope of escape. I struggled to speak, and at last found words. " Will it not be best for me to remain here while you bring what is wanted f" The watchful cunning returned to her eyes. " There is no need," she said. " Who j would harm him now 1 Has he not paid the penalty?" She once more took my hand, and drew me with her, by heavy clumps of ever greens, across broad unbroken sheets of moonlit snow, under leafless trees that cast a shadowy network on the white ground, into the deeper shadow of a high wall, against which was the gardener's toolhouse. She groped about there until she found two spades, the smaller and lighter of which she gave to me. Then she led me back to the West garden, and bade me " work." Strange workers !—strange and awful work ! In a flower-plot, that during the sum mer had been gay with many-hned blos soms, we dug a grave, without much difficulty—the earth was so soft under the snow ; and there we laid him. But first Lady Jane knelt by his side, and uncovered his face. Did she remem ber ? Did she see in it the face of her lover ? For a moment, I think, yes—so gently did she bend over him, so ten derly did^ she kiss the pale lips and brow before hiding them from her sight for ever. Our task was done, and we returned to the house, which was still quite silent. When we were near my room, Lady Jane paused, suffering me to proceed alone. I turned on reaching the threshold, and saw her white dress gleaming through the dim ness almost fancied I could see her cruel, glittering eyes. I hastened to shut her out, locked the door with trembling fingers, and then fell senseless upon the floor. When I came to myself I was in my own bed, with bright-faced Honor Mur phy, our Irish school-room maid, beside me, patting and smoothing the coverlet. "Did I wake you, miss? Shure, I couldn't lave you that way, with the clothes all off you, an' such a frost as there was in the night. Ho wondher for you to have a cough ! A bitter cowld mornin' it was for Sir Hugh to be goin'." " Sir Hugh," I said, bewildered—" Sir Hugh Shafto ?" " Glory be to goodness, miss !—don't look at me that way. One 'ud think 'twas a ghost ye saw—the saints presarve us ! Didn t ye know Sir Hugh was lavin' to day 1 There was Lady Jane up to see him off, an' it almost dark." "Honor,"says she to me, "don't call Miss Wacie this mornin.' Let her sleep," says she, " for I kep' her up talkin' last night." " Yery well, my lady," says I. " An' I'm thinkin' it's few lessons Lady Winifred will do this day. She's cryin' her eyes out after Sir Hugh. He's as good as a brother to her j an' sure it's her brother he'll be yet—leastways, her bro ther-in-law, which is the same thing, bar ring the law. And what's the matther with you, miss ? Sure, you're as white as the sheet. Is it sick you are ?—or maybe you've been dhramin' ?" T Honor," I said, " it was a dream, I think.' "Then, never mind it, miss. There was me own cousin, Tim Mahony, he dhramed three nights runnin' that there was a crock of gould buried under the wall of his cabin. So what does he do but goes an' pulls it down—the purtiest cabin in the counthry it was. Well, miss, sorra a crock, full or empty, did he find afther all his diggin'; an' there's his wife, honest woman, an' the childer, with no roof to spake of over their heads, an' such weather as it is ; while Tim won't do a hand's turn of work, only rootin' about the place. " Sure the gould must be somewhere," says he; " didn't the dhraine tell me about it ?" " Dhrame, indeed! Bad luck to 'em for dhrames, botherin' people when they're asleep and haven't their sinses about them." A short time ago I saw Lady Jane Shafto and her husband, and was intro duced to the little son and heir, of whom, I need hardly say, they are both wonder fully proud. My dear pupil, Winifred, is at the old place in Ireland ; but I am no longer her governess, nor anybody's, indeed—except, perhaps, Charlie's; he certainly needs keeping in order some times. Assuredly our house is not haunted. It is much too bright and new for that, and I have abjured ghost stories for ever ; yet now and then, when I'm alone in the evening, waiting for Charlie to come home, I shiver and look around me fearfully as I remember that terrible night at Castle Kevin. An old miser, who was exceedingly parsimonious, was obliged reluctantly to call in a physician. "What shall I do with my head 1" asked the man. " It is so dizzy I seem to see double." The doc tor wrote a prescription and retired, say ing, " When you see double, you will find relief if you count your money." Waiting for things to turn up is un philosoplucal as well as unprofitable. Things will turn up just as fast and as often while you are working as while you are waiting. 