ITALIAN OPERA.— 1 " LWCBKKA BORGIA." This opera was performed 'last evening before a very large audience, with Signora Palmieri as Lucretia, Signora Magi as Orsinif rSignora Bosnati as Gennaro, and Signor Dondi as Alphonao. The principal performers were frequently and enthusiasticallyapplanded. " Kgoletto is to be performed this evening. Though not amongst the most popular of YerdTs numerous operas it has: many merits, and has retained its place upon the lyric stage for something like a quarter of a century. It was performed once: last year .at the Boyal,: and we think about ten yean, age at the Victoria .Theatre. The following 3>rief outline^ of the argument may assist those who will be present this evening in comprehending the action, and thus of more fully -enjoying the performances. Rigoletto is the jester of the libprtiue Dute of MpTitp^ and by his unscrupulous oondi^t he has made an enemy of Cpunt Monterao accordingly invokes the vqigewtge pt upon BigoUtto with such appaHing, earz that the terrible malediction for ever^terhaunts him like an ill-used, ghost B^aletto lias a daughter (Gflda) whom he keeps in - strict seclusion; but the Duke has fallen m love with her. Count Ceprano, whc»e wife the "Duke of Mantua, aided by. the Jester^ has seduced, now deter- mines to cany off Gilda, and induoee Rigoletto himself to^.aaast. in the plbtj.up<m the' supposition that he is asdsting .the Dukei followers to steal away the wife- of Ceprano.. The Jester, having discovered ,4he .treachery of Ceprano in this affur, and tiiat his daughter is. in the power of the Duke, determines in his frenzy to r nMuder him, and enters into a league^with the bravo Sparafucile for that purpose. This niui has a sister, iMaddaiinn, who' entioes^ theDmae to a lonely inn, but becomes fascinated with hhn, and on her entreaty -her."brother protases to spare his life, if within a given time any other person should arrive whom he,can assassinate, instead. Rigoletto, having recovered his daughter, brings her to witness the Duke's perfidy, when she herself is stabbed as she m^kes an effort to save her lover. Rigoletto subsequently receives from tiie bravo the body of his daughter wrapped in a sack, and-supposing, it; to the that of the Duke, he is about to .thro^ it into the water, when-he-discovers .it is that of his dying daughter. He thereupon «mka to the -eutn, overwhelmed with the consciousness that the malediction of Count Monterone is fulfilled. 