. !the parliament. LEGISLATIVE COUKCIL. r .' Tuesday. Ootobkb 27. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By the Hon. P. SANTO, from 111 citizens of Adelaide, urging 'that certain clauses of the Abolition of Primogeniture Bill interfered with the Beat P^pertjrAot, and praying -that the OoonoU^onld not sanction any Jaw altering or repealing'any^part of the Seal Property Act. Reeervedandtfead. '?' ' '''* By the same ion. member, petitions from residents, of WHIuhga to the same effect. . Be ceived.V:,: lJ. ' -_-??. ? ?? . - Byiiihe samejion. member, from residents of GmeiHftins, also pointing out that clauses of the Ab9lfUQn'rof PjimogeBlture Bill repealed cl&uHeBof; the Real ^Property Act, and praying the Council .'would hot sanction any repeal of any part of the~'Beal Property Act daring the present session, and that the House would not pass the Abolition of Primogeniture Bill with out a .schedule of practitioner^' charges. PUBLIC PURPOSES LOAN BILL. Kead a third time and passed. r LAND BILL. The ©0MMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS moved the second leading. The most important provision provided for the abolition of Goyder's line of rainfall, within which only could land at present be selected for agricultural settle ment. He ; thought the time had arrived when we mttflt go beyond that line; The Surveyor General in Ms report stated that -when twelve new Hundreds had been proclaimed, the land within- Hundreds would amount to 12,000,009 acres. He stated that of the 4,000,000 acre* only fa small' proportion was fair agricultural land, and the same was the case with the new Hundreds. The Surveyor-General said that beyond the line of rainfall there was good land, - but the rainfall was nncer train. One clause of the Bill defined suburban 'lands. The upset- price was reduced from £2 to £1, and he (the Commissioner of Crown Lands) thought the reduction was justi fied, as the land now offered was further from markets and ports than what had been sold in the pasb 'Besides this, if there was any fair competition, that would show the value ef the land. -' Till - lately land once offered remained open without conditions at £L {' Yes, for cash.') The time for which it was to remain open for; selection' was extended from one to two yean. The 1.0th clause provided rules and regulations in case of there being more than one applicant. Clause 13 provided for sur rendering agreements. Sometimes selectors took' up land 'under a mistake, and the present- ? Act provided no remedy for those cases'. -Clause 14 relaxed conditions of culti vation in certain cases, as for instance where difficulty arose from the time of year at which the selection was made, or from other special circumstances. Another clause was to check dammyism. ? ? The Hon. T. HOGARTH thought they would require another week to study the Bill; *he therefore moved that the debate be adjourned to that day week. . . ? : The Hon. W. MORGAN seconded. The Noes had it, and the House divided as fellows j^ Aras, 9— Sir Henry Ayers, Messrs. Crozier, Duffield, Dunn, Morgan, Murray, Santo, Storrie, and Hogarth (teller). NOBS,*— Messrs. Elder, English, Hay, Sand over.^arlton, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). Majority of 3 for the Ayes. DAMAGES COMPENSATION BILL. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS moved the second reading. The Bill provided thfct damages anight be recovered in case of negligence -on thp part of officers or employes of theaGbVernment. -At present that was barred by the -jnaxim that the ' Qaeen can do no wrotig.l': The Bill would do away with the necessity of claimants oomingto the Parliament zonvearess..- The Bill would put the. Govern ment in ;'the.«ame position ? with reference to damages as a Company was in. SfteHon. Sir H. AYERS said the Bill was nofcneeessary unless the Government made it so. The Government was not obliged to plead v thai thejQaeerican do no wrong. They raised -4U the ghost and brought in a Bill to lay it. Then the title was wrong. The Crown had nothing to do with the railways; the Government of thePro vineehwl the charge of them. If the Govern ment inflicted .injuries on peisons they were bound, in honesty to pay for them. If the Go vernment thought they could not do a just thing and said it was necessary to pass the Bill, be would not object, but he said it was not ne cessary. ..... The Hon. A. HAY would support the Bill, and if the title .was wrong they could alter it. Injustice had been done to the public by these appeals to the Legislature for compensation. By the Bill the Government could offer com pensation, and if the parties were net satisfied there was the legitimate remedy. At present there was no legal remedy. He should support the BiQ. The Hon. W. MORGAN also supported the seoond reading, and disagreed entirely with the Hon. Sir H. Ayers. It was very well to say the Government should do justly, but it was difficult to say how this was to be done with a popular Assembly to appeal to. The Hon. W. STORRIE supported the Bill, but regretted that it was required. Had the Government taken the proper view of the cases referred to, the Bill would not have been re quired, nor would there have been appeals to the Assembly. The Bill would meet a diffi culty. ? -: ? ' - The Hon. R. A. TARLTON seconded. Were the Government composed of Michael the Archangel as its head, with Gabriel and others of the heavenly host as members of the Execu tive, they could not satisfy some people. The Bill would be a simple way of meeting a diffi culty. (Laughter.) The' COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS hoped Hie Bill would pass. The Law Officers of the Crown advised that the Government were not in a position to. comply with certain claims f »r. compensation, as the law made them unable^odo so, and it was to remove that dig *f ability the Bill was introduced. The second reading waa carried. The clauses, title, and preamble were passed with slight amendments. The word damnified was atrttok out of the preamble. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS moved the recommittal of the 1st clause, that he might substitute the word injured for damni fied. (Laughter.) The Hon. W. STORRIE objected to such an alteration. He had no doubt of the origin of the term. In this BilL Some person applying tor compensation was told by. the Commissioner that an old legal maxim prevented the Govern ment affording him redress, and he went away saying 'Well, I'm damnified.' (Oh, and laughter.) ° The amendment was made, and the clause passedas amended. / The House resumed, and the, third reading waa fixed for next day. .'.,.-.. ABOLITION OF PRIMOGENITURE BILL. Clause 14. ?truck out as unnecessary. ; 'Va rious amendments were passed, making clauses harmonise with previous amendments. Clauses 47 and 48. The Hon. P. SANTO moved te strike out these two clauses. The 47th repealed sactibnsof the Real Property Act, and the, 48th established a newtribun&L; The Real Property Act contained all the provisions necessary to deal with the nutter, and the clauses Jie objectedi» would cause great delay and expense. !, ,': : \'J : The House divided on the 47th clause aa fol lows, that the«Iauie stand :— . . : ATKS,2^7Ur; Morgan end the Commissioner of Crown lands (teller.) .jToes, 11?— Sir Henry Ayen, Messrs. Orozler, Duffield, Dnnn, Hay, Hogarth, Murray, . flandover, Storrie, Tarlton, .aba .Santo ^teller.) Majority of nine for the ?^ ?? Noes. : -? , ,.r ... ? ? .- - ? -, ., ? n\ ,- . . TheHomP,. SANTO moved that clause AftiMwtoinok^out.. ... ;_, r,L ; '?-. .02»e-JOMMKSIQNER.of CROWNiLANDS ;*aldtiurfwouldf4ilewsi«e»«ar|ly^m»t5riiing one the former, Jdause, but the losa.cf those tiro ^lau^e»wouta^ttfflteTfaay«ffect*to Bill, w they i. wB*»iinsertedLi3eoause the Beal Property Act iailedtojgiveiatisfactienJa^hemattertp^hich ^ttoMgdaute^nSexked. -natu»r.rtrnck out. .; ..??;* ?-:.,k,r--.-~-'.:*.-:..ytf. ---i ^^.v;o-r: . Preamble passed. House resumed, and obtained leave to-ait again next day. The Council adjourned at 3.38 till next day. 