Although the prestige of advance 1 statesmanship which in the early days of the eolony attached to Mr. Macalister has remiined unfnlfiNed, he cannot be: denied the capacity for managing m*n without, necessarily, commaniin? their. confidence. ? An impartial retrospect of the past session tends to no other conclu sion than that it has produced the smallest possible results by the largest pos sible expenditure of work. There has been s great show of activity, with little solid legislation as a residnnm — and as misspent energy ever tells more heavily on men's powers than that which is fruitful, honorable members have long ago experienced the tedium that arises from legislative dissipation. Here the sagacious savoir-faire — to call it by no more opprobrions name — of the Premier stands him and his colleagues in good stead. Honorable members- beiug thoroughly wearied out with a choice se lection of needless, not to say mis ehievons measures, which are either thrown out or rendered thoroughly un workable by the Upper House as soon as passed by the Lower ; and their home yearnings having become irrepressible, the opportune moment arrives for quietly slipping in the Estimates for the first six months of the year 1S75, and as quietly getting voted by an impatient and yawning Assembly the trifling sura of very nearly one million sterling, i. e., £550,000 (omitting odd hundreds) ordi nary expenditure, and £370,000 loan expenditure. The whole ot this not alto gether insignificant amount was passed in one sitting, occupying abiut six hours, on Taesaay last, the amendments being so slight and few as altogether to vanish in the enormous total. As oar readers may reasonably feel some curiosity as to the manner in which this readily- sanctioned expenditure is to be applied; we will proceed to treat tbem to a few figures gathered from the Treasurer's ' budget speech ' (the second one of the session), and the subsequent proceedings in com mittee. The revenue for the half-year ending June 30, 1875, is estimated at £575,000. and the expenditure at £552,396 ; thus implying a surplus of £22.000, which, however is a very doubtful quantity, as the Treasurer does not conceal his ex pectation that it will be more than swal lowed up by the 44 Supplementary Esti mates' — that financial ghost which so many generations of financiers have en. deavored to lay, and with so little effect. We believe that the prospective surplus may very sately be transferred, in antici pation, to the debtor side of the colonial ledger account, especially as no allowance has been made for the increase to the Governor's and Ministers' salaries, re presenting abont £2,500. In the departmental expenditure the charges generally are very slight, and may be briefly summed up as fol lows : — Colonial Secretary's Department. — The salary for a German immigration agent disappears ; but in lieu thereof appear salaries for superintendents at quarantine stations, viz. : — Peel Island, £40 ; Hervey's Bay, £60, with rations ; and Keppel Bay, £75, half salary to be paid by Customs department. There is a trifling increase of salary ! to the Police Magistrate at Cunnamulla, ' £200 for a Police Magistrate at Gavn- , dah, and the item ' contingencies' is increased by £100. A.i additional clerk, at. £150, appears in the Police staff, bnt in other respects this denart ment, as also the heads ' Gaol*?, Water Police, Medical Offissrs, aud Board of H*a!th,' remain .unchanged. An enormous increase, as might he expected, is shown in the vote for Edu cation, the ' probable expenditure' being at the rate of £40,918, i. e., very nearly equal to the total expenditure for 1873. It may well be conceived how great has become the development of this branch of administration, when we state that provision is made for the contemplated appointment of 114 additional teachers. The amount falling to the share of the non vested schools is comparatively small — only about one-ninth of the whole. Tbe vote on these schools for the half-year is thus distributed — 13 Roman Catholic schools, £2875; 7 Anglican, £1400; undistinguished, £245. In the other branches of the Colonial Secretary's de partment the alterations are vory slight. For the Volunteer Force £1370 was s ?t down, but £530 ouly voted, the House refusing to countenance the game of playing at soldiers,' except under much stricter regulations than have hitherto been found practicable. Under the head ' Miscellaneous Items ' we find £750 j townrds the erection of a School of Arts ! at Toowoomha ; Fire Brigade, Brisbane, 1 £100 ; and Mining Schools, £200. In the Attoukey-Generai/s depart ment appear, a6 new ornamental items, two additional Associates at £300 a year each ; the Supreme Court Clerk has his screw raised by £50 a year ; and there is a whole bunch of salaries for the d-amatis persona of the new Northern Circuit, including Crown Prosecutor and | Crown Solicitor. £200 ; Registrar and ! Master in Equity, £175 ; Sheriff, £50 ; Bailiff, £25 ; contingencies, £50 ; total, £550, or at the rate of £1100 a year, besides £2000 for the salary of the Northern Judge. Colonial Treasurer's Department. —The working expenses of this branch of the service are set down at £1500 less than during the present half-year. There is an additional clerk in the Stamp Office, whose salary is apparently taken from the ' contingencies.' The reduc tion in the estimate is due to the absence of any provision for meeting ' unrendered claims,' which last figure in the estimates of the present year at £6000. A small addition of £1336 appears in the Casrojr? Department, It is made up of the salaries for various sabordinata officers. The appropriation for harbors, light -houses, and pilot stations, is much the same as for the etirrent year ; we notice, however, that the salary of £120 a year for an acting pilot at Baffle Creek is expunged. By tne way, it appears that the Government have some difficulty in filling to their satisfaction the new appointment of Engineer of Harbors and Rivers. It transpired during the passing of the estimate that the post had been declined by one gentleman to whom it had been offered ; from Which we must infer that the advertisement submitting the same to public competition has not been successful in producing a crop of desirable applications. Lands. — The estimate for this depart ment is likewise reduced, at the rate of about £1009 for the whole year. £300 are set down for ' Queen's Parks ' at Rockhampton, Maryborough and Too woomha, equal to £200 each for the whole year. £500 for the survey of rnns, in anticipation*, we suppose, of the resumption of the ten years' leases, in cludes the only other addition worth noting. Public Works show a duminition of more than one-third on the estimate for the current year, the amount for the half-year being only £95,000. There are a few additions ander the item sala ries, principally on the Southern and Northern Railways, while the appro priations for actual works have been screwed down to ths lowest possible figure, as follows : — S mthem division, Moreton district, £10.22-5 ; Darling D »wns and Wastern district, £4903; Wide Bay and Burnett district, £5150 ; openiug roads, £750. Central division, Salaries and contingencies, £1270 ; Riads, etc., £5575 ; opening roads, £300. Northern division — Salaries, etc., £876 ; roads and bridges, £5350. The appropriation for buildings is only £5500 for the half-year, and that for goldfiilds, including geological survey, and contingencies, is reduced to £7G32 for the same, period. This reduction in volves the dismissal of oae gold csm misstoner from each of the following goldfi^lds : — Upper if try, UavensiFOod, Charters Towers, and Kcoi'ttbit. Postmasteb-Gesebil's Depaktmvnt. — The postal estimate shows au increase at the rate of £1395 per annual.- The total staff is increased by six, including two at Brisbane, one at Maryborough, one at Toowoomha, and one each at Cooktown and Mackay. The telegraph estimate includes twenty- nine uew salaries, causing au increase at the rate of £5103 a year. The total amount voted for this department is £22,437. Loan Estimate. —The amount under this head is divided as follows : — Im- migration, £75,000 ; Riilwavs — Bris- bane to Ipswich and Ipswich Deviation, £204,000; Ipswich to Dilbv, £5000; Snrvey, Warwick to Stanthorps, £1309 ; Rickhamp^on to WestwooS, reconstruc tion, £17,030. Electric Telegraph Ex tension — Ounnamulla to Rutherford's (New South Wiles Birdar), £5000 ; Gympie to Tewautia (Noo^a), £2500 ; Maryborough, via Tiaro, to Inskip Poiut (Wide Bay Bar), £2209; Mickay to Flat-top Island, £000 ; Waterview to Lower Herbert, £900 ; Cashmere, or Junction Creek, to Palmer River gold field, £21,600 ; Palmer River gold fisld to Cooktown, £12,503. Public Buildings — Supreme Court and tfasemn (to complete), £10,030; Custom-houses, Townsville, £2000 : Police Court, Lock-up. Brisbane, £5000; Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo, £3000. Water Supply — Toowoomba, £10,000. Total, £377,600. When we state that this sum was voted in one lump, with no | stronger protest than a few grumbles and 1 'an abortive attempt by Mr. Macdonald i to reduce the immigration vote to £50,000. our realer.s will comprehend the j st^t? of docility, not. to 'ay enervation, at which the Assembly has arrived under the j idicions management of the Govern ment of Progress. Two or three more such Budgets, with their accompanying Supplementaries, and we shall have '66 on us again ten years after date. 