P O Lie E. OITYj JBoforo Mossrs. Sturt and Wilton,) ' Drunkards. Tho inovitahlo Saturday night's batch of captured imbibers camo up. They wero dealt with in the usual way. A Bootmaker. Thomas Clark was charged by George Trotter, a carrier, with stealing a parcel of boots from his cart. Witness saw prisoner with tho parcel in his possession, and gave him into custody. Mr. Keane, for prisoner, elicited that tho latter was drunk at tho timo. William Maophorson, a boy in Trot ter's employ, doposed to having seen tho robbery committed. Six months' imprison ment, with hard labor. A Termagant. Josophino Sullivan bolieves in bearding the lion in his den. Sho wont to Inspeotor Dobson's houso at church timo yesterday, and callod him various names in anti- Sabbatarian language. Ordered to find ouo surety in £10 to bo of good behaviour for three months. Josephine left tho dock, muttering vengeanoo in/uluro. Wholesale Swindling. William Bainard appeared on thrco charges of obtaining money and goods under false pretences. Joseph Holmes, bootmaker, do- poBed that he changed a chequo on tho National Bank for prisoner, in payment of a pair of boots. Thoro was no account at tho bank, Did not see prisonor again until ho was arrested. Walter Ralston, ledger-keeper in tbo National Bank, was called, (and proved that there was no account in prisoner's namo. Constable Roche deposed to having arrested prisoner, who at first said ho know nothing about it, bnt subsequently remarked, "Well, it oan't bo helped naw, I suppose I must do tho beat I can. " Tho other two charges woro withdrawn. Committed for trial. Keeping it Up. Thomas JohuBton, on bail for boing drunk, appeared in court in a speechless stato of intoxication, and was locked up uutil to morrow to get saber. Sunday Theatricals. Mary Ann Green siuge mundano songs, gets drunk, wraps herself in a counterpane, and swears she is Hamlet's Ghost. She chooses Sunday night far tho performance, and Made- lino street for tho stage. Fined 40s, or ono mouth's imprisonment. Larrikinism; Solomon Moss insults Chinese colonists. Solomon is a juvonilo, and has not tho wisdom of his namesake. Ho ilings mud at the Asiatics at tho Eastern Arcade. Ha was fined 10s, or seven days'; imprisonment. Assault. Margaret Parker, of Little Bourke stroot, has gono to gaoljfor two months for smiting a female neighbor over the head with a hammer. False Pretences. William Robinson, on the 26th Maroh cashed a valueless chequo with Mrs. Conyan restaurant-koepor. Ho got £2 5i change. Tho chequo was on the Colonial Bank, aud purported! to bo drawn on his own account. There was a previous conviction against tho prisonor. Sentenced to twolvo months' hard labor. Ooat-stealing. George Davis, alias Jones, stole a coat bo longing to John Rankin. For this feat ho got three months' hard labor. 