MOUNT PERRY COPPER MINES. [ W E reproduce, undir the above heading, an abridgment of two capital articles which ap peared in the Hrixbane Courier of the 11th and 12th instant.^ The town of Mount Perry lies in a long valley, watered by a mountain stream which would be pretty were the town absent. The trrt*nfor nnrt.inn nf flip hniMtnw: an- nn private ground, namely, the Mount Perry Mine, the private township of Fife- Barnett (taken up as a mineral selection), and the Canterbury selection. Individual enterprise was, as usual, too prompt for the Government, and when it was offered for sale there was no demand to speak of, although its situation is immensely pleasanter than the narrow valley, along which the actual town is squeezed. Parallel with the main street to the northward a bold and lofty range bounds the view, its crest being distant about lialf-a-mile. From this range massive spurs extena xowaras tne town, suit ing into the valley which it occupies ; and, diagonally traversing these spurs and the in termediate ravines, are the lodes of copper ore comprised in the Mount Perry and Nor man by Mines, and the Canterbury Mineral Selection, situated right between the two, and, so far as can be judged from surface indica tions and the trifling amount%f work done, of a character somewhat similar to the Nor manby. A little distance up one of these spurs stand the seven furnaces of the Mount Perry Com pany, and straggling up the steep ascent are the various buildings and some of the woikings connected with the mine. On the opposite side of the valley occupied by the town the hills have a different character, rising bluffly up, with rounded tops. Uulike the opposite range, which is of granite, these hills arc of a slate formation, the transition suddenly occurring in the valley; and in these slate hills no discovery of copper has yet been made, although the lodes trend directly towards them. So far as is at present known the lodes here extend no further than the granite. ? At the back of these-rounded hills the crater- i like cone of Mount Perry towers over all. | Although most of the land immediately ad jacent to the Mount Perry and Normanby Mines has been selected as mineral, little work has been done, and except in the cafee of the J Canterbury ' little favorable is known of j the blocks. A ride of some six miles in a ? northwesterly direction over a very fair road' traversing country, for the most part not selected, brings one to the Wolca Mine and the group of outsiders which cling to its skirts, i The couutry here becomes a* jumble of granite j ranges of trifling altitude, the little hamlet of Wolca nestling beside a running stream known as Drummer's Creek The only signs of re maining vitality here consist of a small machine worked by horsejpower, crushing such ores as continue to be«extracted, and the refuse ores left from former operations. Some half dozen men are engaged in breaking the ores to about the size of road metal, ready for the rollers, and in the further stage of ?'dressing ' to fit it for sale Beyond this again lies a stretch of fair undulating grazing country, which comprises the notorious Victoria 'Mine,' and a selection known as the Queensland, on which some work has been done with middling results, and . which was at one time nearly floated in Sydney. The Marchioness selection al6o lies here, with fair surface indications practically untested. Further still, among rugged ranges lies the now extinct Potosi, the financial ghosts of which, and of the Victoria, are likely to scare investors from this direction for many a long day. All these groups lie to the west of Mount Perry and Buudaberg road, which b'ings one to the semi-ruined buildings of the Ellendale, another Maryborough ven ture, unprofitable thus far. After another couple of mile's the road traverses some grass ridges where a number of huts denote the Fortunatus Mine, at the shaft of which, visi ble from the road, considerable activity pre vails. The country included iu this mine appears to have escaped the tossing about to which most of the others seem to have been subjected by volcanic or other action, and is olil-n ritfraclnnnf fn +ht* fpnr-»l]pi,1c oto and hit: horse's legs. The road proceeds through well-grassed ridgy land, comprising some very large selec tions, known as the Waverley, and then crosses an abrupt and rugged range by a piece of ad mirable cutting and road-making. To the left ' lies a jumble of terribly broken country, riven by numerous ravines, down which pic turesque streamlets hold their course. These fastnesses form the group of selections known uuder the general name of the British Liou, and specially as the Albert, Mulgrave. Her .cules. The Prince of Wales, held by another proprietary, also lies there. Further towards Bundaberg a Branch track, on which many hundreds of pounds have been Spent by the . Edina Company, gives access to that property. The Champion adjoins the Edina and other nameless selections Another mile of road, skirting the base of the hills, brings the tra veller to Boolboonda, situated at the foot of a spur leading up to the formidable mountain which constitutes the well-known mine of that . name ; and a few miles further, leaving the Cambria ana its surrounding blocks about a ' a mile on the left, teaches the ultima thule of the mineral discoveries, a mine recently dis- ? covered, and known as the New Moonta, situated at the point where the ranges gently subside into the normal level of the country, and comprising partly easy spurs and partly an open flat. It will be p- rceived that in one direction the mineral discoveries extend over .tweire miles of country, and it may be said that were straight exterior lines to be drawn from the out-lying blocks so as to form a continuous boundary, the area thus circumscribed, which is everywhere dotted with selections, would contain at least one hundred and lift}' square miles of country. The whole of this immense tract is strongly mineralised ; it is, in fact, reticulated with veins, for the most part worthlessly small, so far as can at present lie judged. It is, how ever, almost certain that a ccrtain percentage will be found to attain dimensions sufficient to reward the judicious outlay of capital, and that a few of the best will yield their owners very large profits indeed, In spite of the heavy sums which have been squandered, there have been so few instances of judicious expenditure that there is scarcely any means of forming a safe judgment of the future. Ikying prospectuses, moreover, elevated the ideas of the public as to the indi cations. &c.;, necessary to a mine of promise, that the bare facts now coming to their know ledge appear trivial and contemptible until given a full consideration, which copper mining scarcely ever receives in these times of reckoning up losses. Probably not a single prospectus ? appeared of a Mount Perry pro perty which , did not declare the existence of splendid lodes, three and four feet in width ; and of properties now known to have been barren from first to last, similar widths of lode were regularly reported. Now this was technically true, but it was, and its authors must have known it to be, suggestively false. The impression conveyed to a public unac quainted with copper mining was undoubtedly that a lode meant a body of ore. But it docs not necessarily mean anything of the sort A course of ground distinct from the ordinary rock, confined more or less decidedly by ' walls,' and of an orey nature, may without impropriety be termed a lode. Probably in the first few instances there was no intention on the part of mining 'captains' when penning their now notorious reports to deceive the public. They merely colored their repre sentations as highly as the case would fairly bear, as is usually the case when the public is invited to find money for any enterprise. But the practice was continued when it was per fectly known that the public were under a misapprehension. A mania upon the strength of six inches of copper ore could hardly have occurred, and yet it is doubtful whether one of the proper so glowingly described week after weeek, ex cepting alone the Mount Perry &nd; Normanby Minej, ever exceeded that width of ores in their lodes. The Mount Perry Mine has, it is true, had a lode fully three feet wide of solid ore of the best class, or rather a bunch o£ that width, extending a considerable distance, but portions of the lode have been barren, anti their average width bas probably not exceeded one foot of solid ore throughout. It must not, however, be thought that this is a contemptible result. One foot of solid and clean ore will pay very j handsomely under economical and skilful man- ! agement. The dividends paid by the Mount Perry Company are, no -doubt, pitifully insuf ficient to satisfy the desire of peisons who bought shares at forty shillings each But that is not a proper light to look at the affair in its actual relation to the capital really invested in the mine. There arc 100,000' shares, j and buyers at fancy prices require interest to be naid on some £200.000. that-. hAinor +1 1 . value at which they bought, Butiu inquiring whether the mine has paid a bona fide industry it is necessary to consider that the amount actually raised to work the property was some £20,000. Three dividend', each of £5000, have been pa:d, so that, in fact £15, 000. has already been returned for an investment of £20,000 iu something like three years. The fiiture prospects of the mine are difficult to predict. The miserable secrecy in which every circumstance relating to its state and prospects is wrapped makes a thorough com prehension impossible. The conclusion arrived at by impartial lookers on is, that there is a good deal of truth in the charge of dispropor tionate extraction of ore, and that the manager has been obliged by circumstances to confine his farther operations almost entirely to Sink ing the two new perpendicular shafts, now almost completed, 'and which have nndoubtedlv absorbed most of the means available, leaving little for fresh explorations. There seems to be no doubt, however, that such has been the case, it has been a matter of necessity, the original shafts being dangerous and awkward. The mine is believed to l6ok h althy at most of ! the points for extension of workings, and with j but a lode equal to what has been so fax ex tracted, the improved system of working will unqu- stipnably enable larger dividends to be paid in the future The Normanby has also had heavy bunches in its lode, between two and three feet in width, but probably hardly reaching the ? average attained by the Mount Perry, and the ore has hitherto been as. much muudic as copper, thus reducing the actual productive width of the lodeS still further. At the time of work being suspended, however, it is alleged . that the mundic was rapidly disappearing, and i manager and men were unanimous iii asserting : that it was just entering Upon the most profit- ! able stage. As many of the miners making this assertion were on their ways to other dis tricts, and had no inter st whatever in coloring 'their statements, but might rather have been 'expected to leave cursing the mine for a failure : there is little doubt that the new proprietary have secured a fine 'bargain. On the Wolca mine little short of £15.000 has been spent, and the winding up of the company was to be discussed at the half-yearly meeting. Probably more work has been done for the money on this than on any other of the mines . An immense amount of driving and a great deal of sinking on four different lodes, has been effected, but the ground has been extremely hard, and the lode both small and of ?poor quality. Operations have been carried on from month to month in the hope of improve ment that never came, arid all that now remain's is to extract the Ores in the explorations. The ioue may run irom a couple or mcnes to six or or seven, and will probably afford employment to a limited staff for some time to come, but the profit (if any) to the proprietary will be so trifling that it seems doubtful whether they will trouble to continue. The Boolboonda and Edina are abont on a ?par. Situated in the same tract of terrible country, heavy sums of money were squandered iii making roads to give access to workings where the lode shewed but a few inches of copper in rock of extreme hardness ; so that a fathom of ground might cost £15 to work, and yield only £2 or £3 worth of ore. The Victoria and Potosi had great sums expended without any returns whitevor From the Potosi, not an ounce of ore was ever sold. From the Victoria, an expenditure of £7500 managed to extract some £40 worth of ore. Perhaps the best idea of what width of lode is necessary for remunerative working iB to be gained from the operations of the only two mines held by private parties that have -been worked in real earnest within the district. These are the fortunatus and New Moonta, which are both b^ing worked at the present time. .The firstnamed has had, altogether, about £500 supplied to work it, and its opera tions up to the end of the past year, resulted in raising little less than f 1000 worth of ore. It must, however, be understood that the pro ceeds of the ore Were applied to extending operations as fast as the money became avail able ; so that, in fact, some £1500 had been expended in raising £1000 worih of ore, in all - the preliminary surface explorations, and in providing a good stock of tools and appliances. Now this mine is oniy tested to a depth of about 100 feet, and the lode which has yielded that quantity of ore has tiot averaged more than four or five inches in width, although it true that a bunch here and there has swelled out to 18 inches ot eves two feet, and that in their deepest points, and rather signify the tendency of the load to* expand as depth is at tained than affect the general average. The fact remains that with an average of gome 4 inches of ore, and easy ground, a mine on Mount Perry will almost pay expenses. It follows, therefore, that an average of 6 inches would quite pay expenses, and that anything wider, should, with economy, pay a -profit. The New Moonta Is another il'ustration of the same thing. Tbe mine has a wider lode than the preceding at equal dep hs. but having, like the Normanby, a good deal of mundic with its ore, its productive powers are about equal. This mine commenced with even less capital | than the Fortunatus, 'jet ma-ages to carry on. The injury don » to the industry of copper mining by the illusory statements imposed upon the public ras been almost incalculable. They have b;;en impress^.'! with the untruths that the Boolboonda, Edina, Potosi, Victoria, &o.;, at any rate, commence*! with lodes of ore so many feet wide, and they are aware that these mines have absorbed thousands of pounds and have never returned and are never, likely to return a penny to the investors. When, therefore, they are frankly told that the selec tion in which they hold an original interest shows no ore on the surface, but merely excel lent indications. they lose all heart at once, ond many likely properties will consequently lie untouched for many years. In fact, it seems probable that even the existing mines of limited capital will, have difficulty in carrying on their operations. The Palmer rush has already thinned the district, and the worst has not been yet felt. Recent in telligence affirms that the resuscitation of the Normanby has already been p ejudicial to the two young mines, Fortunatus and New Moonta, by attracting some of their miners. It is even thought by some that, the Mount Perry itself will find it hard to maintain in the face of the growing furore to the Palmer, a sufficient staff of men. The present prospects of the Mount Perry district are evidently somewhat cloudy, but there is little doubt that the elements of a great industry lie within it6 boundaries, and will afford competence . to thousands, and wealth to some, when the memory of the past saturnalia and of the actors therein shall have alike sunk into oblivion. 