BUNKUM. Me. G. A. Lloyd has been presented with a watch- The face is of brass, unalloyed. The hands are full of tin. Mr. G. A. Lloyd blushed violently when the article was presented to him. He said that, he thought that he knew the time of day already. He was conscious that he had deserved well of his adopted land, ne iooKea upon tne watcn as em blematic. There were the works : they were John Sutherland. He, himself personally, was typified by its face or cheek, perhaps even by the metal of which it was composed. His friend, the Minister for Lands, was the hair-spring : once wind him up, he would go on until exhausted. The Colonial Secretary was, of course, the never-resting tick of the instrument. He was pleased with the present. He would like a small donation of the kind every year — but it need not be a watch. He would prefer a brass-handled bellows, next time. A wind-bag, executed in the choicest style of art, was a thing that he would value very much. A tobacco-pipe or a cigar- case awakened unpleasant reminiscences, and had therefore better be avoided. In conclusion, he wished to observe that he had been a little bit disappointed. He didn't mean to imply that the watch was second-hand, or a turnip, or that the present was a trumpery one, or that he had ex- pected a long address, written on parchment and beautifully illuminated, so that he could frame it and hang it up in his drawing-room, or that he had expected a cup or a set of silver plate, or some really valuable article of that description — far from it. He knew that the watch would go, and that satisfied him, (George Lloyd). He (George Lloyd), was no humbug. He threw self aside. He had sacrificed himself for the good of his adopted land. He and his friend Henry Parkes were martyrs. He hoped that they would club together and present Henry Parkes with a note book, in which he might register his promises. He hoped that the expense which they had gone to for his sake would not ruin them. And then he sat down. » The Shades of Evening. Ghosts. 