CRICKET GOSSIP. a. be. matches in new soptu wales. Ab soon as the forthcoming matoh be tween Now South Waloe and tho All Eng enders has been dccidod, tho latter will proceed to Maitland to play a team selected from tho playors of the Northern Distriots. Tho game is expected to bo an exoiting ono, as some of the best cricketers in the colony are resident in tho north ; among whom aro to be found Chas. Laurence, Hand, G. Moore, Percy Wnddy, Chas. Readett, &o.; At tho conclusion oi tho Maitland matoh tbo Britishers will roturn to Sydney ; and on or about tho 5th February aud two following days will be pitted against sixteen colonials, comprising eight from this colony, and a like number from the Sydney ranko. This match will cause a very great deal of interest, many being of opinion that with two mon less in tbe field, and tho fact that tbe Englishmen will bo ia their boat form by that time, the mighty champion aud hi3 followers will have very little difficulty in disposing of tho "combined foroos." Tho following are most likely to bo iavitod to represent this colony, and will, no doubt, respond with alacrity, should business en gagements not interfere : — Allan, Boyle, Cooper, CoBstick, Oonway, Gibson, Kelly, Robortaon. These, with the addition of Ooates, Nat. Thompson, Ioeton, Powell, E. and D. Gregory, Oliver, and Laurence, would form a team which, I thiuk, would hold thoir own against, or render a good account of, any eleven wo have ovor had in those colonies, whether colonial or British. By tho way, tho result of the A.E.E. matchea so far tends to dispel tho idea under which we havo labored for bo long about the Ame ricans being such wonders at ovorything. The " gentlemen of England " literally " ohawed up" the Yankees when on thoir oriokoting tour last year, and this team oame hero, I suppose, with tho Intention and expeotation of serving ue tho sama. In orioket, at all events, we must bo somo dis tance ahoad of Brother Jonathan, though he does not affeat orickot to any very great extent. Yet there must bo many enthusiastio cricketers in America to in vite or challenge (whiohover it was) the Englishman to play them. In a day er two I shall, I boliove, be in a position to give you tbo names of tho players chosen to uphold the honor of tho sister colony on the 24bh, 2Gth, and 27th instB,, a friend having promised to forward tho same por telegram directly the team has been definitely seleotod. bets on the late oop matoh. As your readers are all well awaro, tho late Challenge Cup dispute has been settled by tho committee deciding that the South Melbourno had forfeited tho matoh by de clining to continue the game. Now on the match wero many bets from the orthodox "tile" to tho unorthodox fiver, and tho ques tion has been raised (to mo quite needlessly) how this deolsion will affeot said bets. I am strongly of opinion that bets "follow tho stake" or prize, as in horse raoing, while some per sons, oompotent authorities on cricket, think differently. Is there any authority to whom an appeal oan bo made to lay this ghost, whioh will prevent the late disagreements ; being forgotten till it has been positively and definitely settled one way or tho other ? I wonder wonld the dispntants take tho ruling of Mr. W. G. Graoo in tho matter, or that of Jnpp, or anyone else ? It is highly neocs- sary that this nnhappy business should bo disposed of quickly. »» CmusTHAs Presents and "The Gut Depot." — It gives us much pleasure to draw tho attention of our roadors to tho matchless variot; of beauti ful Fanoy Goods at tho above establishment. Ever to tho foro with all that is novel and pretty, " The Gut Depot," 51 Bonrke street oast, has long won, and sustained an enviable popularity for supplying the most ologant and suitable articles for presents. Selections may bo mode with tho greatest easo, celerity and satiBfaotion, so excellent aud convenient is tho system of display, Christmas Tree Ornaments aro horo in profusion, most decidedly " too nuraorous to mention." A now stock of TriokB, Games, and Puzzles t are also to hand, and should 1)0 par ticularly acceptable at this soason. A vory pretty samplo of handiwork is oxhibitod in goods made ef DorbyBbiro spar. This boautiful |stouo rosemblos marblo, it is of varied huo, and must bo Been to be appreciated. Amongst tho mauy things of this matorial aro WatouBtands, Pin Trays, Matoh Barrels, Mortars, Ring Stands, Pomade Pots, Spill Holders, ana Tobacco Jars, at prices from Is Gd per pair. Also, a varioty of orv novol Fancy Goods nf satin wood, and orna mented with viows of Molbourno. Not only will these bo acceptable aa Souvenirs of our adoptod land, but they possess the additional oharm at utility. Altogether wo can confidently recom mend a visit to all who want to possess " tho latest thing." "Tho Molbourno Souvenir," containing sixteen viows, is published at " The Gut Depot," price 2s. Gd. It is prettily bound, and can bo posted to Europe for twoponco. 