"WELLINGTON. May 25. LAYING FOUNDATION STONE, CHURCH OF ENGLAND PAR- SONAGE. -For a considerable time past preparations were being made to erect a parsonage, and have a resident clergy- man in Wellington, and the efforts have this day been success ful in raising the balance required. It is needless to say that this has been brought about by the zeal and eloquence of the Rev. Canon Smith who was invited up from Bathurst, and arrived in Wellington on Saturday, accompanied by tho Revs. F.B. Boyce, and C. Vaughan; they were entertained at the residence of S. B. Daniels Esq,, Crown Lands Commissioner. On Sunday there was a very large number of visitors in Wel- lington, and as it was announced that Canon Smith would preach, the church was crowded to excess. The visit- ing clergymen Mr. Boyce, and his successor, who will reside in Wellington, Mr. Vaughan, conducted the service and Canon Smith preached as announced. His sermon which occupied a little over twenty minutes, was one of tho greatest treats that ever I hard in Australia, or even the home country. I regret that I did not provide myself with materials for taking a good outline ; therefore I must be content by stating that it was full of original, clever, and beautiful similies, that he was at times as he treated on his subject in its various phases, pleasing, simple, serious, pathetic, and eloquent. In a mas- terly murmur he exercised a complete control and sway over the numerous congregation. This afternoon (Monday) the ceremony of laying the foun- dation of the new parsonage took place. I may here state that the new parsonage is on a piece of land 1 1/2 acres in ex- tent east of the church. The ground was purchased from Mr. E. Webb, of Bathurst, for a sum of 50 pounds. The site on elevated ground is a very choice one, commanding a view of the town, and the bold mountain ranges which guard as it were the settlement below. The parsonage will be constructed off brick with shingled roof, and spacious verandah eight feet,wide will partially surround thu building. There are six rooms and two halls in the present contract specifi- cations. Tho proceedings of to- day were well arranged. At 3 p.m. the members ot the choir, the Sunday-school children, and their techers assembled, and there were also number of the leading gentlemen and ladies of the town and district around the foundation of the new parsonage. The Rev. Canon Smith and the Revs. Messrs. Boyce and Vaughan appeared in their surplices, and commenced the proceedings. The Rev. Mr Boyce gave out the 117th hymn, which the choir sang with much sweetness. He then read some prayers, and was followed by the Rev. Mr. Vaughan. After a short prayer, Mr. Keighley, police-magistrate, read the following docu- ment (which was placed in the bottle deposited in the stone, with copies of The Town and Country Journal and the local paper the Wellington Gazette) :- "This foundation-stone of the Wellington Parsonage, to be erected as a residence for a clergyman of the Church of England at Wellington, was laid by the Rev. Thomas Smith, Canon of All Saints Cathedral, Bathurst on the 26th May, 1874, in the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. The Right Rev. Samuel Marsden D.D., being Bishop of the diocese, the Rev. F.B. Boyce incumbent of the parish, Joseph Aarons, W.B. Simpson, H.M. Keighley, R.T.B. Gaden, and W.H Forwood, trustees and churchwardens, Mr James Rodda architect, Mr George Kennard contractor, Mr Selwyn King secretary and treasurer, Dr Rygate - S. B. Daniels, W.H. Forwood, H.W Nancarrow, Robert Porter, W.G. Way, Wm Perkins, and the officers before mentioned, members of the committee" Mr S.B. Daniels, then, on behalf of the committee in a few appropriate remarks, invited the Rev. Canon Thomas Smith to lay the foundation stone.The trowel presented to Canon Smith was an elegantly-carved silver one, with a myall handle. The plate of the trowell bore a suitable inscription. The Rev. Canon Smith then proceeded with the ceremony and after a few preliminary remarks said " I lay this as the foundation of the Church Parsonage at Wellington, in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. Mr Selwyn King as treasurer then read a statement of the fund, showing that L420 was in hand towards the erection, and he also read a list of subscribers. The Rev. Boyce then said that he felt extremely happy on the present occasion - now they were about realising the long hope of having a parsonage, and therefore, a resident clergyman. The difficulties at first seemed very great, but when the affair was insugurated he was cheered by the fact that Mr. Aarons would give L20, and by Mr. Keighley promising another L20, if four other gentlemen would give a similar amount. This was done; and they had also to thank Miss Gardiner who collected the large sum of L34. Mr. Isaacs, QC, Crown Prosecutor, in responce to an invitation, then came for- ward and said that being a lawyer he supposed he had been called upon to say something. He could do this, but to the jury there assembled (laughter) he had difficulty in the form of address. He thought the object was a good and worthy one, viz; erecting a residence for an English gentle- man not to say a clergyman. He briefly yet eloquently re- ferred to the rise of Christianity 18 centuries ago, and it's spreading its branches until now when it formed a goodly and stately tree. The bush minister has much hard travelling to do, and should have a residence where he might occasionally enjoy repose. he asked, in conclusion, and in an amusing manner, the ladies to use on this occasion their privileges and women's right, andinsist on their husband's subscribing liberally to hsi work. (Applause). The Rev. Mr. Vaughan the delivered a short address, in the course of which he ex- pressed surprise that Wellington district was so long without a clergyman resident. He pointed out the duties of the clergy, and of the laity; it was particularly the work of the people to provide "the sinews of war". He was sure that their great friend Canon Smith, beggar though he is, must feel that he is only asking for God's own in solicit- ing subscriptions to his work. (Hear, hear.) He asked them if they gave at all to give readily, for the Lord loveth a cheer- ful giver, (Applause) The Rev. Canon Thomas Smith said that it would be surperiluous for him to add anythingto the speeches of those gentlemen who preceeded him. he however would remark that he never remembered having addresses so many distinguished people. They had among them Aaron, (laughter) - Tthe High Priest, and Daniel, who was cast into the lion's den (laughter), and Isaac (cheers and laughter) that great manof the Old Testament. He did not know of they had any Moses among them whom he was addressing. (Renewed laughter.) It was saidthat in some place in the olden time there was no war because there were no Smiths (Great Laughter.) Here it was not so. And they had almost he noticed among them, Kings and Wests. (Applause). It was pleasant to find the son of an excellent man, Mr. Selwyn King, whom he has well known, taking the part he did that day in the proceedings. And the wife of their excellent public school teacher and her husband were old pupils of his at St. Barnabas', Sydney - where he (Mr. Smith) commenced his labours with one, and left eleven hundred pupils in his Sunday school. He next eloquently spoke of the blessing sof religion, his great thankfulness and being under English rule, and that our beloved Queen. It was a great privilege to be under a constitution so glorious as that of ours; and of a church prosperous as our. he next referred to the object in view. He said that he commenced his parsonage without any money, the cost (laughter) and then the people would have to pay it. He had raised on his parish altogether something like L26,000 He could say too that those hands of his were never soiled by Government money. Not thathe would have refused it but it was never offered to him. (Laughter) but he never got the full benefit of the Church Act. Here they had a good old town called after that great hero Wellington. He asked them to make the place worthy of the name by great deeds and actions. (Cheers.) He hoped that they would give the gentleman present representing the Town and Country whose face was well known to hundreds throughout the colony, the opportunity of telegraphing to Sydney, that at the ceremony that day the whole of the necessary funds had been collected. (Applause.) They were about to have among them a dear friend and English Gentleman as resident clergyman, and to him they could always safely go for advice, comfort, and assistance in the hour of trouble. At his (Canon Smith's) insistance the Rev. Mr. Vaughan had been induced to come to Australia. he had given up a lucra- tive profession to preach the gospel, and he was convinced that he (Mr. Vaughan) was a true labourer in the vineyard of the Lord (Applause.) He could not help, however, expressing the sorrow of the people inloosing their presnet incumbent Mr. Boyce, whose energy and Christian character all spoke so highly of. (Hear, hear.) After a few more observations Canon Smith concluded his most amusing, yet powerful address. The collection was then made, and I am gratified to be able to state that the whole of the money required - over L130- was obtained, which, with the former subscriptions, exceeded L500. The proceedings were shortly afterwards brought to a close 