THE MELBOURNE CUP. For the past -week or two a large propor- ' tioa of the community has been " racing mad." Many Melbourne Cup meetings have been held in this colony, but never did any create such a vast amount of - excitement as that which commenced on" Saturday, and will be continued to-day; and this is the more surprising when one comes to look back for the past month or two and remembers that it is but a very short time since the metropolitan sporting scribes were deploring the fact that GoldB brough bad been let loose by the haudi I capper, and giving him a great deal of I gratuitous advice npon the line of conduct be should for the future adopt. Said they, all interest in the race has been lost; there is nothing in it but Golds brough. The bookmakers will never be able to get round as nnlbing will go down with the outside pnblis but Goldsbrough. Then came the news that the favorite had been bowled over by Stirling in the Sydney Metropolitan, the sporting writer for the Leader congratn-. lated himself, and was' congratulated for having, what in sporting parlance is called, " Bpotted" the winner ot that important event. Still, many excuses were made for Goldsbrougb, and he still kept the premier position in the estimation of the cognoicenti, and also of those who knew but little about racing matters. Then came the victory of the mysterious Break o' Day at Ballarat, and his subsequently being scratched for the Cup at that meeting. Then did the tipsters begin to alter their tune. Mr Wilson, of St. Alban's, bad dropped across another Don Jnan, and was reserving him for the grand event of the year, the Melbourne Cup, which is to be decided on the Flemington course to day. The withdrawal of Break o' Day from the Ballarat Cnp enabled another Melbourne Cnp horse, Haricot, to show that he had good pace, and ever since the Ballarat meeting, although Goldsbrongh has continued to reign as first favorite, there has been no more talk about his being the only horBe that had the ghost of a show of winning. Other horses have suddenly been bronght up in the betting, until there never were so many favorites. King of the Ring, Diver, Lapidist, Cieolite, Haricot, Gloom, Lnrline, and others have all in turn created a sensation*;,: Every one of these is believed to have more than a good outBide chance of winning, and, this being so, it is somewhat astonishing that only each very short odds—three to one should be offered against the favorite. The goings at the two jgmt *MUe% Wilfctff and Taitrs, bare formed the subject of much anxious" enquiry, bat so well have the.seerets of these respective stables been kept, that it is donbtlul if any person beyond the principals themselves, know anything about them. It is true that rumors have been circulated to the effect that King of the Ring was the horse of the-St- Alban's stable, and it has even heen asserted that with his cup weight up he has done the two miles in 3 min. 33 sec., or even less. If he can do this in the Cup Race to-day there is nothing in it that can touch him, but the report requires con firmation. In face of this'it has been positively asserted that Mr Wilson does not intend to let him start, as be has been forestalled in the betting market, and he does not mean to ran his horses simply for the amusement and benefit ot the public, and if be does this, who can blame him ? He has his living to get by the training of horses ; be - is pnt to all the expense, the public do not contribute a penny. The withdrawal of King of the Ring will do much towards lessening the amount of pnblic betting by teaching outsiders not to be too anxious to rush the market. It King of the Ring does not start, Break o' Day will doubtless be Mr Wilson's next best string, and we have reason to believe this horse has been heavily backed by the followers of the stable. A telegram was received yesterday afternoon from Melbourne, stating Mr Tait had declared to win with The Arrow, bnttbis is very donbtful, why should he declare with which horse be intends to win tbe day before the race? It will be quite against bis osnal custom if he bas done so, and we fully believe, be will win with Goldsbrongh if he can. With so many good horses it will be a difficult task to spot the winner, but we fancy the follow ing—Goldsbroueh, KiDg of the Ring if be starts, Break o'Day, Dagworth, Diver, or Lspidist. As, however, we have not seen these horses perform lately and only go upon hearsay and private information, we "should not like too much faith to be placed on onr pick. 