IRELAND. EE-OPENING 01? ENNISCOHTHY CATHEDEAL— SEHMON BY FATHER BUEKE. This magnificent sacred edifice was re opened for public worship on Sunday, April 5, under most auspicious circumstances. The day was one of the finest of the singularly mild season, and the town was filled with zealous and enthusiastic visitors, who crowded thither from all parts of the diocese to be present on the occasion of the comple tion of the diocesan cathedral, which is one of the most beautiful structures of its kind in Ireland, and possesses an interest, quite peculiar to every true Catholic in the province of Leinster. The site of the Cathedral is at once one of the most picturesque and historic in the historic County of Wextbrd. It is built on the summit of Duffrey Hill, on the banks of the river Slaney, with the celebrated Vinegar Hill, of historic reminiscences, on the opposite side, and the neat and prosper ous town of Enniscorthy, with its hoar castle, once the property of Edmund Spenser, the poet, lying in the valley between. TheSermon was preached by the Rev. Father Burke, 0. P. He selected for his text the Gospel for the day, the 20th chapter of St. John. After some preliminary observations, the gifted preacher referred specially to the unbelief of Thomas, and the important con sequences of his unbelief to the world at large. Thomas said unless he should see in the Saviour's hands the print of the nails — unless he were allowed to put his finger into the mark of the nails which fastened his Saviour to the Cross — and unless he thrust his hand into the pierced side of his risen Lord, he would not believe he had risen from the dead. It had been well said that we owe more to the disbelief ol Thomas than to the faith of all the other disciples ; because Thomas put Christ on the proof of the truth of His resurrection ; and Jesus Christ, by proving it to Thomas, proved it to all the future generations of man. Even in his doubt there was a certain spirit of wisdom in Thomas, when he made his appeal to the truth of the Divine sacrifice, for sin is the suffering of Jesus Christ. It was Christian instinct that led him to say, ' Show .me the marks on His hands and sides, and I will believe in Him.' O wonderful wisdom and mercy of God ! Who, even through the in fidelity of Thomas, had given us proof of Thy divine wisdom. Thou art right, Thomas. You are wrong in your unbelief, wrong in your doubts — but right when you say, '? Let me see in. His hands the marks of the nails, and I will believe in Him.' Jesus comes before them, eight days later, in that upper chamber, the doors being closed for fear of the Jews, and He says to Thomas, ' Come here ; look at these hands ; are they not pierced with the nails ? See this bleed ing side of mine ; reach hither thy hand and thrust it into my side, and be not incredul ous, but believe.' When the apostle saw the terrible reality — when he saw Calvary and the grave overcome, and Jesus glorified, he knelt down aud cried out, ' My Lord and my God.' What did this mean ? It meant that it was by the '?' stigmata ' of Calvary— that the world was not only redeemed but evangelized. It iras through the Cross of Christ that the preaching of the Gospel be gan. It was through the Cross and the power and efficacy of it that the Gospel was propagated ; and it was through the Cross that all men must be saved. He preached Christ crucified, and the Word of Christ. Christ said, ' Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God ;' and therefore he calls it ' the Word of Faith which we preach.' That very same Word — the Word of Christ. To those who are ready to perish in their own wickedness, that Word is folly ; but to those who believe it, it is ' the power of God and the wisdom of God.' It was well they should reflect on these things. A week had scarcely passed since, on last Friday week, they found on the Cross this wisdom unveiled in our Lord's crucifixion— the Church's spouse, with tears in her eyes and the songs of lamenta tion on her lips, calling on us to kneel down and kiss the feet of the image of Him who was crucified for us. The economy and wio-iom of God explained it all. Therefore, when he wouia «ooali Thomas from his in fidelity, He said, ' Jbenoia, my imu.a*, c^a my feet, and be not incrudulous, but be lieve.' To this day the faithful man believed the Cross was the power of God and the wisdom of God. From generation to genera tion the Church had carried the message to every land, and the burden of her message was the Cross of Jesus Christ. The one and the only mission for which the Church was established in the world — the one and only reason for which the Almighty God created her and put His word upon her lips was, that she might be the light of Divine truth and the message of Divine grace — that Christ might be known to the minds of all men by Divine faith — that he might reign in the hearts of all men by grace and Divine love. Behold the mission of the Catholic Church ! By that faith and grace the souls of men are to be saved ! Without that Divine grace it was impossible to be holy and to be saved. And here he proclaimed that he who demands more than laith and salvation demands more than tho Church has a right to promise and more than she had a right to administer. Faith and grace come through Christ. He was the incarnation of the Holy Ghost, who was eternal, and of the Virgin Mary He was made man. He was born in Bethlehem ; He grew in Nazareth ; matured to manhood in Jerusalem ; but all tended to the Cross. It was for the Cross that he was born. It was for that He was prepared in the all-holy bosom of the Virgin Mary. It was for that Cross that He grew apace under Mary's hand. It was to pregare the world for the Cross that he preached three years in the towns and cities of Gallilee and in the temple at Jerusalem. It -was on the Cross on Calvary that the mission of the Great Saviour was fulfilled in the redemption of mankind. It was there that was wiped away the curse of universal sin. He was not God only, not man only, but God and man united in Jesus Christ. He was God and man by the integrity of His manhood and the fulness of His divinity, so united as to become one Divine Person, never to be separated. The humanity of Jesus Christ was as much an object of our faith as His Divinity. They were Christians by their full belief in Him as God and man united. He had put to the proof the reality of that humanity. They read of old that the angels of God took to themselves phan tom bodies that they might present them selves to man, and thereby fulfil their mission. As for example, the angels that came to Abra ham in his tent took to themselves phantom bodies that they might appear to the bodily eye. Gabriel himself when he came to earth, was obliged to take to himself a body ; but, it was while hearing the message from God, and when the message Vfas once delivered the body disappeared and the spirit returned as it came. But when the Lord God came down from heaven, it was not a mere verbal message He came to deliver. It was not a mere formal or phanton body He came to assume for the time. No. He came to do laborious work — work that demanded the true form of a true man. He alone of all the Heavenly ones proved the reality of the nature that He took upon Him, and shed ding his blood, and after he had proved the terrible reality, He burst the bonds of death. Therefore His sacred humanity was a great object of ou.r faith — a humanity in which God Himself was present. Its reality was tested by the Cross. It was the blood of the Sacred Heart of Jesus which flowed in the seven fold channels of the Sacrament, and when it came in contact with the unregenerated Child of Adam, being tinged mystically with the blood of Christ, the child of nature became a child of grace ; the heir of hell became a child of God. These were but the words of man falling from the lips of man ; yet they were but the echo of words that fell from Jesus Christ in heaven. He said, ' Behold My hands and My feet ! Behold I am real ! I am He who saved you. Re ceive ye the Holy Ghost ; whomsoever sins ye forgive they are forgiven.' These were the words of God who was crucified, spoken in His sacred humanity. And to the eye another hand was visible — the hand that was nailed to the cross, still bearing the stigmata of the crucifixion. If the Catholic Church ) was simply and solely to enlighten the world by that faith that came from the cross, it follows that the main position of the Church of God was to proclaim the cross in every land, to lift it up, to hold it in honour and glory, to proclaim its significance and power, to place it hither and thither over the earth, to let it go before the face of the Lord ; for He said, 'Ye shall behold the sign of the Son of Man in the clouds in Heaven.' This was what the Catholic Church had ever done, No man could ever accuse her of being ashamed of the Cross. ' God forbid that I should glory,' says the Apostle, ' save in the Cross of the Lord Jesus Christ,' How she gloried in it when Mary Magdalene would not be torn away by brutal hands from that Cross on which her Lord was dying. Christians leant their hands against it, and found there the consolation and comfort that upheld them in their sorrow. The Catholic Church had kept it, had followed it, had bowed down before it. For the first three hundred years of the Christian era, the Cross of Christ was the sign by which Christians were known. The moment they were seen making the °ign, tlmfc moment they were known as Christians, and when they were sen tenced by tyrants to cruel tortures and ter rible deaths, when they opened their arms to receive their death wounds, they made the sign of the cross — the Cross of Jesus Christ. Those who denied fck© Divinity of Jesus Christ said to them who upheld tho Cross — how could this Cross have saved tho world P (To be Concluded.) 