CHAPTER XXVII.-UNCLE SILAS. I thought my odd cousin was also impressed with a kind of awe, though different in degreo from mine, for a shade overcast her face, and she was silent as wo walked side by side along tho gallery, accompanied by the crone who carried tlie candle which lighted us to the door of that apart ment, which I may call Uncle Silas's presence chamber. Milly whispered to me as we approached " Mind how you make a noise, the Governor's as sharp as a weasel, and nothing vexe3 him like that." She was herself toppling along on tiptoe. We paused at a door near the head of the great stair case, and L'Amour knocked timidly with her rheumatic knuckles. A voice, clear and penetrating, from within sum moned us to enter. The old woman opened the door, and the next moment I was in the presence of Uncle Silas. At the far end of a handsome wainscoted room near the hearth in which a low fire was burning' beside a mnall table on which itood four waxlightá in tall silver candlesticks, sat a singular-looking old man. The dark wainscoting behind him, and the vast ness of the room, in the remoter parts of which the light which fell strongly upon his face and figure expended itself with hardly any effect, ex hibited him with the forcible and strange relief of a finely painted Dutch portrait. For sometime 1 saw nothing but him. A face like marble, with a fearful nionumentnl look, and, for an old man, singularly vivid strange eyes, the singularity of which rather grew upon me as I looked ; for his eye-brows were still black, though his hair decended from his temples in long locks of the purest silver and fine as silk, nearly to his shoulders. He rose, tall and slight, a little stooped, all in black, with an ample black velvet tunic, which was rather a gown than a coat, with loose sleeves, showing his snowy shirt some way up the ' arm, and a pair of wrist buttons, then quite out of fashion, which glimmered aristocratically with diamonds. I know I can't convey in words an idea of this apparition, drawn as it seemed in black and white, venerable, bloodless, fiery-eyed, with its singular look of power, and an expression so bewildering was it derision, or anguish, or cruelty, or patience? The wild eyes of this strange old man were fixed upon me as he rose ; an habitual contraction which in certain lights took the character of a scowl, did not relax as he advanced toward me with his thin- , lipped smile. He said something in his clear, gentle, but cold voice, the import of which I was too much agitated to catch, and he took both my hands in* his, welcomed'me with a courtly graco which belonged to another age, and led me affec tionately, with many inquiries which I only half comprehended, to a chair near his own. "I need not introduce my daughter; she has snved me that mortification. You'll find her, I believe, good-natured and affectionate ; au reste, I 1 fear a very rustic Miranda, and fitted rather for the society of Caliban than of a sick, old Prospero. It is not so, Millicent ?" The old man paused sarcastically for an answer, with his eyes fixed severely on my odd cousin, who blushed and looked uneasily to me for a hint. " I don't know who they be- neither one nor 1 t'other." " Very good, my dear," he replied, with a little mocking bow. " You see, my dear Maud, what a Shakesperian you have got for a cousin. It's plain, however, she has made acquaintance with ; some of our dramatists: she has studied the role of Miss Hoyden so perfectly." It was not a reasonable peculiarity ef my uncle that he resented, with a g«od deal of playful acri mony, my poor cousin's want of education, for which, if he were not to blame, certainly neither ; was she. " You seo her, poor thing, a result of all tue ¡ combined disadvantages of want of refined educa tion, refined companionship, and, Ifear.naturally.ot ; refined tastos ; but a sojourn at a good French con ventual school will do wonders, and that I hopo to manage by-and-by. In the meantime wo jest at our misfortunes, and love one another, I hope, cor- ¡ dially." .... Ile extended his thin, white hand with a cluuy smile towards Milly, who bounced up, and took it with a frightened íook ; and he repeated, ho ding her hand rather slightly, 1 thought.. " Yes, I hopo, very cordially," and then turning again to me, no put it over tho arm of his chair, and let it go, »s» man might drop something he did not wunt from a carriage wiudow. ,r." Having made this apology for poor Mil y, vim was plainly bewildered, he passed on"to «erftUU my relief, ito other topics, every now and then ex pressing his fears that I was fatigued, and n» anxiety that I should partake of some supper or tea ; but those solicitudes somehow seemedLIO escape his remembrance almost as soon as u"E"; J and he maintained the conversation, which «>m degenerated into a close, and to me a paintui » animation, respecting my dear fathers illness w its symptoms, upon which I could give no int« mntinn, and his habits, upon which I couio. Perhaps he fancied that there might he som family predisposition to the organic disease, whick his brother died, and chat his questions ware directed rather to the prolonging of nia own Hie than to the better understanding ot my dear faHow little'was there left to this old man to make life desirable, and yet how knoely, I after wards found, he clung to it. Have we not all of us seen those to whom life was not only undesirable, but positively painful-a more series of bodily torments, yet hold to it with a desperate and piti able tenacity-old children or young, it is all the sagee i10w a sleepy child will put off the in evitable departure for bed. Tho little creature's eves blink and stare, and it needs constant jogging to prevent his nodding off into tho si umber'which nature craves. . His waking is a pain; ho is quite worn out, and peevish, and stupid, and yet he implores a respite, and deprecates repose, and vows he is not sleepy, even to the moment when his mother takes him in her arras, and carries him, In a sweet slumber, to the nursery, So it ia with us oki children of earth and the great sleep of death, and nature our kind mother. Just so reluc tantly we part with consciousness, the picture is, even to the last, so interesting; the bird iu the hand, though sick and moulting, so inestimably better than all the brilliant tenants of the bush. We sit up, yawning, and blinking, and stupid, tho whole scene swimminy before us, aud the stories and music humming off into the sound of distant winds and waters. It is not time yet ; we are not fatigued; we are good for another hour still, and so protesting.against bed, we falter and drop into the dreamless sleep which naturo assigns to fatigue and satiety. Ho thea spoke a little eulogy of his brother, very polished, and, indeed, in a kind of way, elo quent. He possessed in a high degree that accom plishment too little cultivated, I think, by tho present generation, of expressing himself with perfect precision and fluency. There, was, too, a good deal of slight illustrative quotation, and a sprinkling of French flowers, over his conversation, which gave to it a character at onco elegant und . artificial. It was all easy, light, and pointed, und being quite new to me, had a wonderful fascina tion. He then told me that Bertram was the temple of liberty, that the henlth of a whole lifo was founded in a few yours of youth, air, and exercise, and that accomplishments, at least, if not educa tion, should wait upon health. Therefore while at Bartram. I should dispose of ray .time quite as I pleased, and the more I plundered the garden and gipsied in the woodlands, the better. Thea he told me what a miserable invalid ho was, and how the doctors interfered with his frugal tastes. . A glass of beer and a mutton chop-his ideal of a dinner-he dared not touch. They made him drink light wines, which he de tested, and live upon those artificial abominations all liking for which vanishes with youth. There stood on a side-table, in its silver coaster, a long-necked Ehenish bottle, and beside it a thin pink glass, and he quivered his fingers, in a peevish way toward them. But unless he found himself better vory soon, he would take his case into his own hands, and try the dietary to which nature pointed. He waved his fingers toward his bookcases, and told me his bonks were altogether at my service during my stay; but this promise ended, I must confess; disappointingly. At last, remarking that 1 must bo fatigued, he rose, and kissed mo with a solemn tenderness, placed his hand upon what 1 now perceived to be a large Bible, with two broad silk markers, red and gold, folded in it-tho one, I might conjecture, indicating tho placo in tho Old, tho other iu Hie New Testament. It stood on the small table that supported the waxlights, with a handsome cut bottle of eau-dc-eolosrne, . his gold and jowelled pencil-case, and his chased repeater, chain, and seals, besiclo it. Thero certainly wore no indications of poverty in Uncle Silas's room ; and he said impressively " Iteinornber that boole ; in it your father placed his tru^t, in it he found his reward, in it lives my only hope; consult it, my beloved niece, day and night, as the oracle of life." Then he laid his thin hand on my head, and blessed ino, and then kissed my forehead. T i"^0-.a exclaimed Cousin Milly's lusty voice. I had quite forgotten her presence, and looked at her with a little start. She was seated on a very high old-fashioned chair ; she had palpably been asleop ; her round eyes were blinking and staring glassily at us ; and her white legs and navvy boots wero dangling in the air. ( " Have you anything to remark about Noah ?'' intmrrod her father, with a polite inclination and an ironical interest. .. t" No-a," sim repeated in the same blunt accents' I didn't snore; didi? No-a." The old maa smiled and shrugged a little at me -it was tho emile of disgust. " Good night, my dear Maud ;" mid turning to 'M!> "o said, with a peculiar gentle sharpness. Had not you better wake, my dear, and try whether your cousin would like some supper ?" po ho accompanied us to the door, outside which wo lound L'Amour's caudle awaiting us. 1 m awful afraid of the Governor, I am. Did 1 moro that timo?" "No, dear; at least, I did not hear it," I said, unable to repress a smile. "Well, if I didn't, I waa awful near it," she said reflectively. We fomid poor Mary Quince dozing over the fire ; wv Y\ 80011 llacl tca und otllOT ff°ocl things, of walch Milly partook willi a wonderful appetite. "I was in a qualm about it," said Al illy, wno t>y nus time was quite herself again. " When he spies T8 * napping, maybe he don't fetch moa prod wita his pencil-case over the head. Odd ! girl, it is sore." rJS011 1 contrasted the refined and iluent old gentleman whom I had just left with this amazing »pecimen of young ladyhood, I grew sceptical aimost QB to tho possibility of her being his child. ttwlT9 to leni'u' however, how little she had, I wont gay of his society, but even of his presence ?-mat she had no domestic companion of tho least pretensions to education-that she ran wild about . ine pinee-npvor. except in church, so much as ' KT WS011 oî that Mnk t0 which she was born-. ! W i,"ï ,tho 1Utle sll° kmw of reading and writ- ' fflfm °0n l'nckfl(l ul»," i" desultory half-hour?, «om ft person who did not caro a pin about her manners or décorum, and perhaps rather enjoyed her grotesqueness-and that no ono who was will ing to take the least trouble about her was com petent to make her a particle more refined than I saw her-tho wonùer ceased. Wo don't know how little is heritable, and how much simply training, until we encounter «orne such spectacle as that of my poor Cousin Milly. When I lay down in my bed and reviewed tlie day, it seemed like a month of wonders. Uncle Silas was always before me; tho voice so silvery for au old man-so preternaturally soft ; tho man ners BO sweet, so gentle; the aspect, smiling, suf fering, spectral, lt was no longer a shadow; I had now seen bim in tho flesh. But after all, was he more than a. shadow to nie P When I closed my ovos I saw him before* me still, in necromantic black, ashy with a pallor on which I looked with fear and pain, a face BO dazzlingly pale, and those hollow, fiery, awful eyes ! It sometimes seemed as if tho curtain opened, and I had seen a ghost. I had seen him ; but ho was still ah enigma and a marvel. . The living face did not expound tlie past, any moro than the portrait portended the future. He was still a mystery and a vision; nnd thinking of these things 1 fell asleep. Mary Quince, who slept in the dressing-room, tlie door of which was close to my lied, and lay open to securo me against ghosts, called mo up; and the moment I knew where T was I jumped up and peeped eagerly from tho window, lt com manded the avenue and courtyard ; but we were ninny windows removed from that over the hall door, and immediately beneath ours lay the two giant lime trf.es, prostrate and uprooted, which I had observed ns Ave drove up the night before. I saw moro clearly in tho bright light of morn ing the signs of neglect and almost of dilapidation which had struck me as I approached. Tho court yard was tufted ovur with grass, seldom from year to year crushed by tho carriage- wheels, or trodden by the feet of visitors. This melancholy verdure thickened'where the area was more remote from the centre ; and under the windows, and skirting tho walls to the left, was reinforced by a'thick grove of nettles. The a\«snue was all grass-grown, except in the very contre, where a narrow track still showed the roadway. The handsome carved balnstrde of the oourt-yard was discoloured with lichens, and in two places gapped and broken ; and tho air of decay was heightened by the fallen trees ; among whose sprays and yollow leaves the Bniall birds were hoppitig. Before my toilet was completed, in marched my Cousin Milly. We were to breakfast alone that morning, "and so much tho better," she told me. Sotnetimes^tlie Goveauor ordered her to breakfast with him, and " never left off chaffing her" till his newspaper came, and " sometime* he said such things he niado her cry," and then he only " boshed her more," and packed her away tc her room : but she was by chalks nicer than him talk aB he might. " Was not she nicer ? was nol she P was not she ?" Upou this point she was sc strong and urgent that I was obliged to reply by t protest against awarding the palm ot eleganci between parent and child, and declaring I likec her very much, which I arrested by a kiss. " I know right well which of us you do think' the nicest, and no mistake, only you're afraid o him; and ho had no business boshing me las night before yon. I knew ho was at it, though couldn't twig him altogether; but wasn't he ¡ sneak, now.wHsn't he ?" This was a still more awkward question ; so kissed her again, and said sho must never ask m to say of uncle in his .absence any thing I could no say tô his faco. At which speech she stared at me for a whih and then treated mo to ono of her hearty laugh« after which sho s»emed happier, and gradual! grow into bettor humour with lier father. "¿Sometimes, whsn tho curate calls, he has me u -for he's aa religious as six, he is-and tliny rea Bible and prays, ho-don't they ? You'll havo tim lass, Uko mo," to go through; and maybe I don hr.to it; ob, no!" Wo breakfasted in a small room, almost a close off tho great parlour, which was ovidontly quil disused. Nothing could be homelier than 01 equipage, or more shabby than the furniture of tli little apartment. Still, somehow, I liked it. J was a total change; but one likes "roughing i a little at first. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 