THE REREDOS IN EXETER CATHEDRAL. The inquiry into the legality of the erection of the new reredos in the Exeter Cathedral, commenced, on Wednesday, at Exeter before Mr. Justice Keating, as the bishop's assessor. The petitioner, Chancellor Philpotts, was represented by his son, Mr. G. Philpotts ; the dean and chapter by Dr. Deane and Mr. Phillimore. The proceedings were directed to the preliminary question of settling the bishop's jurisdiction. Dr. Deane and Mr. Phillimore contended that the bishop, though as the visitor of the chapter he has spiritual powers, has no power of authority whatever with regard to the fabric of the cathedral, where the dean and chapter are supreme that in alterations that had taken place no faculty had ever been applied for and that the true authority was the metropolitan. Mr. Philpotts contended, on the other hand, that law and fact showed that the bishop had jurisdiction in the seventh century, when inquiries were made as to the fabric of the cathedral. In reply to the argument of the other side that the cathedral was the peculiar care of the dean and chapter, Mr. Philpotts contended that all the evidence went to the contrary. Dr. Deane, in his re- joinder, cited articles and injunctions in connection with a visit of Archbishop Land OF metropolitan. Mr. Justice Keating decided in favour of the bishop's jurisdiction, and the case will now be heard on its merits. An objection that the dean and canons were not the whole chapter was overruled, on the ground that the non-residentiariea had no authority in the matter at issue. On Thursday morning, Mr. Justice Keating, in giving his reasons for upholding the jurisdiction of the Court in the matter, said it transpired that the Deanery of Exeter was really founded by the then Bishop of Exeter in 1235, and he gave license to elect a dean, but reserved the right to confirm the election. The form of election had been continued to the present day, and therefore it would be very strange to suppose that the dean so appointed, as was now contended, had the control of the cathedral, so as to particularly exclude the bishop, the founder. In truth, there was no power to exclude the bishop from visitation, and documents had been produced showing the visitation down to 1679. It might be asked how it was that there was no documentary proof of a visitation since then ? It might seem at first sight strange ; but it must be remembered thateversince 1709a canonry had been held by the bishop, so that he was present at all deliberations of the Chapter ; he knew what repairs were going on, and therefore had no reason to hold formal visitations to the cathedral. There was no proof whateverthatthedeanand chapter had over before sought to exclude the bishop's visitation or ever asserted any such right. The case on its merits was then proceeded with, and Dr. Deane put in the answers of thedeanandchapter to the articles They admitted the erection of the reredos, and it bore sculptural representations in bas-relief of three historical scenes the Ascension, the Trans- figurations, and the Descent of the Holy Ghost. Further, it was erected by legal authority, and such reredos was sanctioned by laws ecclesiastical. Mr. Philpotts, in opening the case for the petitioner, did not object to the reredos on the ground of its being destitute of beauty or not a work of art, nor did he say it was not calculated to beautify the cathedral, but he asked that it should be taken down solely on the ground that it was illegal, and had replaced something that existed before that was legal, viz., a plain reredos bearing the Ten Command- ments. He defended the petitioner from the charge that he had not taken steps in the matter until much coat had been incurred, remarking that he had presented the petition to the bishop against the reredos the very first day after he saw it. The arguments for the respondents were continued, on Friday morning, Mr. Phillimore, who spoke at great length, contended that the proclamation against till images had no legal authority that the Homilies were in the same position, and that, in fact, if they had statutory authority they would as much forbid organs and chanting as images. His contention was that only those images were declared illegal that were subjected to superstitious uses and representation employing the word image in its largest sense, of a feigned character depicting false miracles. All contemporary authority proved that the proclamation against images had never been understood to refer to such erections as the reredos in question. As to the Ten Command- ments he stated that it had been always the intention of the Dean and Chapter to replace them: Mr. Philpotts, in his rejoinder, insisted that all images were unlawful, and that the reredos must be removed as illegal, whatever the consequences might be. The evident intention of the reformers was to leave churches bore. He argued that his view of the law was borne out by the decision in Westerton v. Liddell. Judgment was postponed until the first day in Easter Term, Dr. Deane stated that the Dean and Chapter would accept the jurisdiction of the Bishop, and would not appeal against it. The Dean (Dr. Boyd) complained that sufficient notice had not been given to the Chapter of the petition ; but Mr. Justice Keating and the Bishop explained that all the notice possible had been given, the former remarking that the Chapter had certainly been at no disadvantage in their representatives. 