Presbyteriam Church. ORDINATION of the REV.WILLIAM CARLAW CHAPMAN On Wednesday last, shortly after noon the Presbyterian Church. was was well filled with members of the congregation and other denominations , to witness the in- teresting and solemn ceremony of ordina- tion in accordance with the Presbyerian form. Amongst those present in addition to the Hamilton Presbytery, consisting of the Rev. J. McRoberts, Branxholme ; the Rev. J. W. Gillespie, Coleraine ; the Rev, J. K. McMillan, Hamilton ; we noticed the Rev. C. Dabourg, and the Rev. W. Tranter, the Wesleyan and Baptist minis- ters, Portland. The Rev. John McMichael, Belfast, was expected to take part in the ordinatton, but we learn that through, bad health he was unable to attend. The Rev. J. McRobert as clerk of the Presbytery read the 'Edict' in face of the congregation,.calling on any person who had anything to allege against the life, doctrine, or consecration of the Rev. W. C. Chapman, called of the congregation and now about to be ordained the work of the Ministry to appear. There was no response to this call. The Rev. J. W. Gillespie then ascended the pulpit and called on the congregation to join in singing from the 7th verse of the 68th Psalm :- " 'God what time thou didst go forth.'" The response was led ly the harmonium played very effectively by Mrs Anderson. After the singing Mr Gillespie read the 116th Psalm, this was followed by prayer, then by the 12th chapter of 1st Corinthians was read, then a hymn : 'N Jt what these ieasIa have done; " henr the mU:nirstr 'aelected fir his text the w rids :-" Thou therefort my bon be e strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesis. _.Adthe..things. that thou hast heardo of e.stnotug many witoesies, ':ie >,me comtuit thou to failaful men who shadl be atble to teach others, aiso." From this text the preacher aiguei for the vaiid.ty at .'resbyterian ordination, or settiing apart of aut individual to do cert.iir wor, a practice which obtained au-i was maintained long prior to the adven t of christianity and has been 1 ,,bacrred of all. It was contended that ordinatiotu by pre.rby:ers was not valid .aud that the uraiuattian by a prelate only was effective. lie would not attempt, hoiweter interestiln, to travel over the whhe tie 'do thec logical polewnicsto argue all the p i'ts at - sue, in the discussiou he wt uld --ital ?y' confine hiwuself in -.what ce haA. to say, to a defence of thet manner of Plresbytetran ordinatiuon. The method of ord:un.ati is laid down withli saicient cleirness in the New Testamorent, where aei are infrrmted, that after fasting, prayer, ..nd l::p,.ition of hands, the leophyte or potanl:nt wan, dedicaitd to the sacred awirk of the t .intatry. Such was the practice at' Ap:stolic times, an'such was r only a dictate of common rsense. The i Presb tery, first examuined' as to . wLethet the candidate had, the, necessary qualificatious aiand that point settled the ' tustirture took pbrce. As before observed common sense s justified the prac:tice, and the rule held in t civil: as well as e:clesiastic proceeeaiugs. We are itoureted' :'-' 'hat order '.is t Heaven's first law, "" we eim easily I sappo'e thle state of the church, provided r thw !u:iii:alitied as well as the cnompetent i c'uld tthrust themnselves 'itro it as teacbers atd f'rea-chers, the cidih 'then would be I a Bbcel not the p,1,ee of the livtiig Goid a In thie State g,seroniitcit the rule is to' nomiaato,: then eramine caudidites and 2 tCen, ouly such as are .rupp'?,ed ti be h V crunpeterit, are appointed to do the dut ies. f If appr.hc.b'e in the secn'ar attair "os life, hobt mtch greater the necessity ftr order in the Cbturch, where [the would nlet " the tempnralities . :ot indi'i-: v duals. and r~ations, are .eone-?rned-l ' As belore -tated1 the: practice might tie r traced to the'earliest tunes" of which weli hate record in h:story, 'wiethe~ r sacred or profane; anld the Prcsbyterian' rule rtf ordlinatioti at present is tihe amale as c practised by the Priuitive Cahrcht. 'Tlhe text shoswed that the trust. confidel to 1 Timothy was only to be committed 'tofaith ful mcnu-in other words, men duly I qualifieid to exercise such trust. No ruan I it the church wan allowed to it seize tire authority of the Church--hence t wre have the order, ' ordain elders in I every city." The practice of the early . Church, as recorded in the Sew Tes:t-ment, wa. thie exi-ting order of the lPresbyteriau i U(urrth at present, and the ccreurorial of I ordination a?iways precedes the setting I apart to the iruok oi thir ministry. 'Thei body attached no charmra to the ceremony, I suchb .as t ite pt'osed linup'tiig or gr r, I while deer ed. ratcetsary it tihe cause ot order It w\ias tnt believed to glste arny' qualficiatIuOn. tiral or physical to the re l clpiuat. The act of uol iiatiutn is simply ttfii.al, a in duction to fill ottice rvy the aimpo itrotu of htiiUsaiii raci.d.aiteC with the practice, as ptevaient in the Apostolic Criurch, in the J ewih SynUgigur', and a til the earlie.t record atl script .re'. ?t The Jewish lather when lie inrui:od a ; blessing ou the head of his sors put bisrl hands, on his head, the Jewish priest :1 wheti sacrificing an animal iimpoed hins hauds' otn the head ot his vtc.im, tie Il salte rule wits ob.erred to thu case .u J .\los?s, ad all through recorded ecripture t the tnipositiou of Lanuds is a dedication ir setuis apart to any particularuffiea: is universil, tiot necessarily for tlrht purposet ai of i:irpartirg any gift or grace, butt atl sii}i'le siguitibcaou that tile pIrraoI or t thing weis 5 apsrt: fur a' particular and IC -peelti. object. It wa, coustentitdd that 1 tlO?i Kiu of the :luly Ghost was'tsmpirted t by thie impositlon of hands, but we have t the' evidence of rcrilpture 'to thie effect that 11 i:ds dere itrlosed ever after toe gift of the spirit h.ud been 'accorded, ard i noIr that the supernatural gift of the: Iol:y GhLost has cease?-i, it is argued tat o i the practice of imtn":'itiuo of hsinds should i cease also; but as Presbyter?ans hola I that the imp ,ritdou of handi neither I, conferred grace nor thle T-oly Spirit, their practice tf ordintarirou i, fully justified for eimsllts inducting into office c and as- a means of lreserving order. The ! -rtctice iju:ifi,. hu wolid ,now citsider c the ques:'1,i whou shoul 1 ordarin ? oue a or iiayi .? prelate" oi" prcsbsyter Prtes- a tants believe tho ible, arnd the Utble 1 itrie to bhe their guido liI priuciple and pzratice " to thie Law atnil to the t l'estimolny," nud uairer such :circum- c stazce.s we caibot overlook the ordina tiuoi of Tiinothy rih,; wie ,1erected in tihe word. ol e.d.l:.--', Ni.i'c:: riot tie gift r th;t. : illti'hev ?itcli was givrn thee by pr. ti Tcy.it-?t h tu' I tryiirg tle ifte lrhndtls of tl:he pri'b'to'rv." l'i fir-t pa'i of this "erse relgrr, ct to the aretrcdetrt prophecy i crorentir irrtlii I luirrc ot 'T'lrnothl ; the scconl. part au?low'dl that the Wrnu of [oroitir:lilr, :a lpuned to tilnctby, was trO?e same as tfat ,i.iron re"biSc l'resiryteriaisi. c LIa thr:e t tlii,' is irI s~icttion for ordln- t Ir'tn I,'. a mnr?l.te-oie--brt sitrloly "y the: ii u.btery v-.r?.'. .LgAi in tatct-, G:l chai. 3-. Vu:rict, we aind the comsroaudI to the :ioct-i?wtirorn thre twelve apostles 'si:-- Lottis e ont,amotrOlt uou ie\2ti eitnt Ot hIollnet ropirt idl i t'iCte Hlol7 Ghost arid wislour." "'I'liis coninmantl . was o;,eed .n ard ite mintt placed belire the ap.)tlleS, iw:I.; r'h'ut tihy htd pra&ed; l" aid their harrls orn tIbernm,' precise0y the V practice as weIll be obtserreCd OIart this ,cca.io, Thir 'li'helr p thIthati e work ut t ornliatienr was a 1iiuri.lity, nut thre ordi-i C ilaol:ls ot a s1tlC-e per-on. TIltr sanie ;rule itt ordtina:on eas iltltd in c lhe cse of li nalras and ?aul,; and ,J ,-n tne h I ell i app~y id i'.. all the f cur aes f otrdinatuIon as recnz'rded Ii tle NeCw. "lestautetit, r:d for the three iirst cr1truiic'- i ft listoiry ,if the pri. i tire chircllh tiot one arhlinry case ul prelate tc roinatiout eau: be equroted. X ti t that ir a. t : i lc grleates.t 'ctlity ills ui.E s iria i ut tikr gospel rI-tvI llSed, unt taierstis cr aiCs'itastorrn?ioe were -enit ti usuAs .Uinur ierl rthlr patrrts, . el wre'tijit auch 9 Io$ by prelatr. but i;ie btcy." The act ,1 ordireitibo, e?clscliclt y oorlidelred,I was not rleislaVet but adminrristrative; it doga not cor'ter,, but rithply .st apart. Inc cnurch court tlrtum'-ti oli, 'i\ oatI rIiv aipply thlluse lIws lrody atnctionersed ty scriptural aautlurity. ' eliird are three VLeWs ul orollaritl.--?lthe I'reabyteriau, t iute liel.atic und t'l" codr;(egartionaI. The' a I'resul.rolrin, tolli, tire Itoinel i prat - i5 ite. ti:rae Citnuchcs or E·lh i 'l-er1 artoi toe I the prelatic, acid the Cogter,,tonlal jrtinstcrs take char;: we.juLt say urd!uation uh::ateser (so we understood the preacher ) The Churches of England and Rtome exchanged ministers rubqut r-ordiuation, whilst the .nint,:ter u P'resbyterians going over to either of the others wuold not be admitted without re. ordinationi. l'rebytertanis were yt in. fou med that there Is really no difference between them and the Church of England, but this is not true; so far as ordiasti,, is concerned, there Is a naterial difference. The Independents say the form of urdi. nation is not necessary, and with ministers ;n connection rili tihat b y-dfl-sit' mere matter of taste, a ceremony to be observed or neglected at tie option of tieamldister. In the case of England, Reme and the Independent chureties -the -primitive practice, alone obserese by Preabyterians is abaudoned. In accordance with this practice the conlgregatio haa g eosen Mr Chapman, and the Pa byte~J- wre now here after due enquiTy sad SeseoiUtion to ratify the choice. Nod rata tlcodiing to the scriptures is entitled to take thie honor to biiaself, but as he is called of God. This inner call is a maltr between God and the postulant, the outer call from the coegregauon at;Purtland is that with which the Hlamilton Presbytery have to do, aiud he would say from the ezamina tin,. of paper. and ,.xoturlAr)that iudividully and collectively they are unanuimously of sopiniou. that the con gregation at Portland has'seled¶'d isely, and the actiarofuftheell met the fullest approval of the church. Before proceed. tug in the work of :ordination oi.e pould ask the coenregatiola ' tQ.'jjoi in ainging a -part :of ;lhq? ;67th Psalu :-" Lord bless and pity us.?' This done the Rev.--J.3"McRoberts ascended the pulpit and gave an abstract of the history of the Portland Church since tie induction of the Rev.. J; W. Lauwson in 180, ..in whoas. call he moderated, as also in that of the Rev. W. C. Chapman, whose, trial bad proved satisfactory, and whose credentials from the home country were all that could be de-ired, as to the life- aiid'couvers~tion of the masn ntw chesen to be; their salaister. Priof to the srdiiatiotb'h would sik the congregation, were tty-?Eillig'g or other. Wise, to receive Mr Chuparsain.- ". The reslaonse was in the ihnUtie; the members of the coingregutiou--ianding and holdina up the tight hand. Mr lMciR?erts, Iext, li-waoC(Y 4liisked Jl Clhapmaln;- r?id le4e.ieve in the word of God as expf unde 'It the conu fcssion of faiths.. AMr Chapml? replied. in the affirmative. Other quaeoivons illuwed. Mcltoberts neaal the. Tres tery Jco~ld ; Lh rpii ff t of* dlnation:, and w'i ylt soul ?g-e in prayer,; the" 'irnpitf) tgs haunds would invest Mr ChLprdan as the recognised pastor of the Purtlanti Church. The prayer, imifoihiun of bands, and ordination followed. -? . 'The Her, J.. K. bicr llsv. in a care tully prepared 'speech. writlen for the occasion, ciharged the minlser' ordained, to be1 faitbtul ,r the tluat rspnlied in him, to be instaut, it ecsauin- alid ow of aseasol, to ..subordinate all ear;ty matters to the causa of Christ, to atsays remeni ber the flock over which te call of God hlas counttlted hbim ebephtlr ;.itbh study deeply and well. the ount t (ilaiA; to administer all the riighb of.?religiun to the mermbers of the liek, aned thait 4,al moat erriag memiiber'liad .tlse hightit clarest on ,is tnme and a"ttutoia -s I.miiieter. lie was cllisgetl'to' uiow i4etlsig salongst Ilell save Jesus Christ and. Ltim cructti.ld, to reinetatber mants Iallen state and Ihis own duty, to Jo iairsbst in the reconciha.? tioni " of man to his .aiker ; as a stewlud he was to b?e fl?Tlhftll, andl faitutully do his duty 'itbuJt lear or compromise. The lIsible which ehu hi profesesd, as rhe. word of God, shoula ts studied dilligratly, "berchU the Scrip tures" is te. divne coilnmaind. Pray aui ,ttldy, study and, play." See the ineineunes of, your, couregLatu at their honmes. Your mira:s:rationi are not to bhe collftied t the nubile puqpit. but tronm house to hou-e as in. the taanurt. of the Primitive Church,. an sidalalistr. syd tematieal!y the Sacrel urdit?aseralu rtli giol. .\ r .\istiian hcre o ralsuutditu ctracts from a book putilis?hd by a -.eceut autuor : -' I lie Plastr'd relatsio to his people ," and which. it eftect, laid down the unties ntucir. I the way already indi cated,and of which *aIut u" slace comUn pels the itnast condeused abstract, and then exahrted hiut- as a woerona not to be ashamed of .his calling .r f.sslf ter's work, and.finally h extoure h a i "to preach the wori.a-faithful to the death," and he will at the olke Say, '" \Vell done thou good.alid raithfel searratt, uenter thou into the jiy uf-.t itLbro.'3 'furing trt m the minisiiter, the IRev .\r M'a.ailla uext laid down the duties ol .tlsueliriegatiou, I and which will,; disuhtleass8'dole hsinse to many. The character ot toe nuaitater to le held secrod as ltong :as his .wdlk and cou!v.rsatton is suocnas rretu?ed -by the Word of Got ;-let hir'halea ' tall'outi de:ce; spe..k wetl of him if. yott:peak at all; givr hlll all eucotturaemeut; attend hi- nlilielrailbus with due rego larity. The Ipple have Jasldes as well as the nUllllster, and thot both might do Stheir duties was the final wish andu prayer of th e p rea?c h er.-- . . . . After-prayer and praise the l8v. J. Mclobeuts and t ihe lil . U. hpipman re:raed to tie east~ door ul the cliuxca on the outside where all themembters of the cnlgregatiuo presenit,. shook hiunds with the newly ordaiued.miasiter, and gave him a warm welclmeau 'TLE "'L)i?st. " .-u About 30"geutleteia. suidogo to an er cellent diinerr prepareiid ilet- 13aduall's besa style; -tCle Heru. .- .._ K, L illan ,iccupyulu tLe chatir,- witt the 1jes . C*. Clhapiiiau, recently ordained, ou his right iii the placeof holuour; .Mlr J. Browning clityg as vice. 'The lregullal:titstan gone thruough, the chairman iis.a q~lech, re markaole for'ils brevity and pott, con gratulated the tiew i'oislifer os'tie warm way in which the pedpleo l' Portitad had Iletto welcome him, and' rieislii A otW of. thauks the hladiea s ho had houcure the. iunaugual dinner with their preselce> togetlher with the clerrymen. of otherr 4dearoignantious, who try their presence had sincutuued the cerenmonial ' li wtild' aluo couple witI the mla':sters o;f .other denumoiinatlOus ;riaocut the Ilatle ,L the ihew. . C. P. Atlnutt, who, thoungh unarvoidably itstnt, vould, he let/l cs"j aisqiad opporatuuity suited, bees present i o. welcule the ityv Mr Chapman.. as a tellow workmal, in the town iin the cause of Gad. Ail the geucietiesn diM'sthagggagyp join thIe elictni is.aousth. Poritels., their rspuuss to the Stes 'of thainks could be poustplntle, till t5e tea lacetitg in the cvelnlg-, und he 0oulb iuly l- ?k the .ev J\d u'lihbert?kd ii[ ul?dldu ,?hial of Sthe " lThe1,:lsv1uJ-..-alWobert'y d a l f of the ltaiest,"s?poidel,'i whet tlh .ihuoner party L .sper?t?d ., ; . - .'t "7 ,.o,. •T The inaugural tea settug, lU honor of the ordinationuu "ol ths Rev WV. . Chap mars, sws 'iehl to tSe 'Ct.u Sielihen's achool-room, kinudly giRlnrli flir ibi. oc? si ,n by the v Us. c. . P. Alluut-. Tee J.'Lr rteW t ?arO.s h'nirliitvy l. r.l'? rl. c.dleq were..pta lr bliv » it(.r. ii l l - It . *,;i'thn idelcis .'f: thn iMAorii, rit. ..krlgawhirries forrnrinq an inrp rtant 'o I, ment in tlheo;.i:Ltie. A new t.and im portant feartiur. iII thin nmertin?g 'wni two tables provide I hy tMeqsri . 1. Wadhlell, C. Mchnffey, W. Milne and T. Ireoilllchi as the bachelors' cnntrilutioni tI he welcome.;. und w! ImnIqt H;ny Illat n11 t1:l)les wered ietter sipplied or inore ;apprni ri;iatly rdcorrtteL , MThere were more thaiil :100 per.»o!)- pr ?sent, an. d th i e: icti ;ig wa. ce~r»8»ly~alit- atcinjoyiahla "ii", . ,Altcrtc.rrisc and praver, vwhenl the taleo '' e "clo'rrie.; the Rev. iv. ('.' fh- iiii,, in 1liCermn itcity'"f chi1irltnran, expre'-iOt lit;i ,iJulliilimei .;tt! Si ing' r o 1munl- per.suni preent. ; .lt..n'Aqts ,with in'ui;h!l. fi re l.ig-s lttlJt. he- stood illn lti. pirn. t :posnition :i ',trangei; .iot i w n vi l ;i.o ,iiI v, ini. Ui cud .'h wo s to i t',irir htrielch, thimiks (ir tiM unallilmus atnd I? ly greetin i ae tlin 11111 ii n iii IS WiIIl kini yv ^'rot-till si ;1i< cordel<d hIitu iin tile nIovel rcl;itillship established between him Iuni tho' Portlhinl Lhurolr tUn fi;ltxtlht tci . )iprlr thili)lqu i t', iltsr'rt, nicd h wroitlTl ?irivir, to d(1 hiii, it.the, lhje, -tiut;ithf,'fripfisllship thut ininugtilirIttd t'<mll Tl, rcei''nt il ly many ticsa. q siaucre.nn$ triuefroi; hif li)r casths tli? w F'Ip 'ApW1q sincere. aindl -woirii on tihe , part1 ',t" so, lihe .wa- ali]ressing. It he ' fel~ lttR)mkj:under tfie circumsitatn'es, tlicy could usyipnAtlliiso with" .hlimi: itd Jooking,r griLi nii l(ft I ut the lir.ry. great 041:til' doin-n-in it prorrfniniir , n lowii: ,.i LiEcbh ea his Tart't tlh~: openin would be .tcady!excied:; (lheettrs and larigHter)., His positioh ht Clbrirdlarn *w'ioild 4ivet 'himi frequent opportiiities for coinimniit, and \--with t4his utidiersttliding he wnuld- now call on tihe Rev. C 1Dluotir-. The iTr.. Cil i'bt;? h. was (greetedi with lonrIchciTea,'i?i'(1" tl'at it would be bjyl_ inmp. oerfor him" tti, -lrlreis the .. ,- , q '0 ,-il v- vt " @,n^'w^.-h'e ] lctIiilton' 'Prest.ytery are here for thal--iurpose. lie congiratu lated the churchi in its cholic. otf ' Mr Sl ap, i?atiasu l$itoi,'.nuI 31Mi Clhinyii.onti hTs settlieuielit, uiiler' siichl linppy' ani W'fleedftH'fte trhefih lidi!;cnnoo'etinl woubtnll not bereis auod:.id at iI certain servicer: Iw sometimtes qsu.t, andl. which coniiuencedl " ft? i'",Dlnrly Brlnvýd,"'' hide iidde with '. Amazpment," (Cheers) IHe r lieiced : tWe "cifguegatitiii had dlolid' wialy, tiltd "c dril, ;Hithe'"»itfcii, i' it'ir ;'~Mr Clpian is young and therefore just inl til- con dition ,ErirtictiVe:seirvlie; :aul plenty i6f work, aiul. .ho hI peil the cougreantion would na6e iihin inifly. For ' ,i own part, he haun receivetld icldles Icilndnesliei from te Prcesbyteria;ns of Victorin, nond g~,aeh:in,allu intoite,. aid purposeua,.a \Ves leyan"Presbyterinn hliiself. The speaker sat down loudly applauded. The hymn of.* llail tt t heo Lord's r~n i:: 'oiqted,'l:wa~p theII l up 1?,, J.IM. Anr?ftirrtir lealing eon the harm rniin ; when the cabirmina-cii.llId ont tie It-v. .J. K. M'il "" k "' lii '':by i ay i that of the gentlernn su.iI lly' si m monedt'.ttin mlioltinlg toli miak a sit eichI but whose speech refused to conime, and 'W !"lIo;in..'thai iidsgt o( s'is ,dileninti, , tb serving his wiýfy, auiiniigt lhe nudicr e, shouted out :-" Manr, yoill can speila enough-at hoife?, corme nil help me Iherr-'" :;t (Apptriieo).;I :Wo i -ntiht *rayiyi liiwtevr r, ., .tlrnat hult.'ok a tiiwarii iiterest fin tLe ;'lirr land chlirch, aid wia lpresenCt: wheni Mr% LawsonI was, inliwtle , ' 1 n11J if 1.11 niillllt ten s icllh -' tti(e t e t? i ii lVel i 'ill h \- i nrl)thiof J'i!i:iiry, ie w .ie r i al, y .,t . i " nlilrsibei , cor ntrivr: :o.le ftrent. H- e w. i lironglit upi at. Ih o .iL - iCidc, ai ill :il'.iyi3 felt 9?1 ijttert-t i(l r pla let. Iti't ,e iii.'.d ! hilm of early n 1oelatitolln IIt w.1- hI]lipy t ihe:rilwny, wli» *corih, tio i ri hduli,:iiint Stile lintl coi'i oiiii iliii i(own ;>' ,;) y i ':lhy "." ' It hiltllpn, " 'll i 'li. l.irlt( ' m id *1 'l lli/,in ; , wais i ?est' lr i:s'iiu!l trl?s lndl t;. ic nitt at large, and, whe ln comph .'til, i:i.ber will flock fro -tl.the iu eriot, froli II .; Siuiidtur-t, and ev ii, ; llbouri.e, ti *i town that has nllo tlilrior, ; id ft,:w- if ,iry qquall- inll tb.h c liniy. (Clicrr.e). TJlilt ,-, io opthl r lownii) . o e cni;ilirerd with it I ' flIct lPorll .1 . ,at I1) li. (ivn daef , will be thp Brightn"i ill Vi\Ltoitii. (Cheer.-~ lJc'fv'.A ntiot .'hic aiti.,t lit icc,)iiiii>; lit 'Livrpdtol. (ol.ViXtl ri., biut, uindiler anyi circumstarnee, lie couil - Cnily plr.'lieL , prosperous. futire. (.)Applarii).. Ilu woutld. nlt occuply intire o(i tIiLir !uiIe i iave in> ia *. ew.i wviords 'eal'uil! it The'I - ologic i .' il' Il , itill tie i.sMiOi ' tEU the Ne.v HI-ehridis, both inlterOtili, :Ubbjcrs,inad diservinig serilou considtera, tion. lie was 1i0e tille. of, 1iipiilauoi:atil itlwrouid:.oe:beAt to :ilhort :our tuinristcr. from homo it tho beat w'ay to got. \- university men to till our pulpits. u' late years his opiniionu hiadl cllrniged, as i;, wA ilitfint l thit thle' bst'nrrirdwouuid iuu' come Here add'dWe.iiui?t rest conteun wiihl second or evlen thirdr r;te mcie. 'his \dill never dhlthei"r6? I"wd ht iio lrn y brihlit ' ltibial'?ibu tb' and 'yuifig iICtlihat Inight tti__Ie'lIfegp'ati:Lor'trth "witik. l1e l'lieolog'ial lllll!i. ition'"w'itlh, tliJ iciorian , i er'f yrira.' .crchi alre;ady 'inumler. t itudilta :.iiit 'arepartLiot fur hli ..:; aiuilry. ar id. .five . iruro are. erxpectld, land tlhl would gile, to the cllhlrci iwo miinisters anliually. Thi're.would bcl two lent fromn: IHatiltoU, thlis year and ilie r:nihu*Ptd Air , Chpliruiiriu itigl.be lable to ;trtijuicq twon, ruoreKfrim , h cuongregration at P1ortand. . Other proftesaioui mray'.:be * .better ,paid,'but there is nona luore huoror r-:able .or useiul I Then arigardy s itisNliotls, he would refer with pileasur-io lwhiatt bas ' btn doue in'tthce' New' Hebrides, whdre so manly sivagea have become christi.ti,. a place whera' froml altaI-uliy. liisliiuas havo.establiastld.the elementi of tbo rights of prouer;yraid.where Ihe Kiilgdoni of ' Cbrist aisdaily iailkiig ptuirear. Antd ..qw In,Con[luion lhu.wuuldid give a w?arni :i.41 ilrearty welcuil r t, , the iewly a, =ppoinleiu.iillitre atlid coligratulato the ,.Jiuatnbes...of. 'li.. clurchl . on .baving -:obtiaied the I ntIll of-i heir uhoice, lie hiojied lae rnieiirer wviult doi well lid tbhat. the oJnlgregntion wiuuld hlelp' linii ':with their prayers rud ac:til' syinpitchy. Sppau , i:. A, o '. , . . s d ; _Tie 4Ir J M.'llobLrt. niext addlresiel , Ute e U ianiUg., . I ,ConriicLtLu.atei you, Air .M f ip C mbnpmttu.oo the hearty receptilin you. b.,v:bereroeiled tlo-.rilgt. ~ereIne..like tihe .present bring ;bact . t(o onl«e'» recollec t-ion: asinlilwr itilbherings. '-1 itcllect 'F"ietin~igl'in Purtlanad inaiily yVear agli, as " ,warri a: welirnie as .\lr Chnapnni'li hias to-uighb . 'rhisawas in tlloe Rev 8.:Keilso a ; tli.ald,'.ir pa1tralg ,,T raity retti.irbk thlat l;~K ~Lo waus mi'u .who wualild lave iii 'r?ki.iaa rl i y. lc'e. .(Chyerir)., ''ht a !yt S'l'iickfiuld, w'litolm iiira;y ,yof yiui win' remembter, wae preseont til Lih.t ioccarilti'., SllT}i11kfield wu ! , l laHii uial, aud; liuedl, ;.. -liJsw<rdti ;nhe calle I a ai;o ullil.. ii)iu:o ; l TI:l iltlo d lillihiilf e i. \VVIle3';n i.L, rio I it. •,know. that lie over lidardlil o lProibyturi.,ii , Wealeynu Mbrthlriu. I e tihait a Itn ni(, i lian w '.I.'lchria liia , ianid lhi lilu it.l Shortenedl by tiheo 7.-il .winii wllicl he c.;r Sried on.lis .l~~steur's wirrk. The 'p,:h he int adt oti tlhe iiglrht if try ittr.>liidnuti.ni *ti'a Porlafnd l aionlinic I sit;llil nctiecr fi . Too piwpaper pri' s l.« b;ii1 i. ,uileJor .filtl tiOtal tioi til 'iiunbyruili " iii l iturlsra ill Portlnrid. I hitL gathlereld sniliu pir ticulars of tlie chl rclh, and liri li tl tlle first minister, thu rl'e'v Alexaniier Ltilie, whent be wi'hidrrw irii tt.i i wiirk ut lli pulpit, behtird lit, l tirrirllnh-torll' i a tliwi Sp iapr. I liMt Ol? i;n.,,r, till' )I1 A-. H til, ion, 'ic iii a tirtireient, it .irtiported hilti ''l f-rlssry' era» s,, I:s. t ..t.i1'utiocz n tit *" , pre . .'I ls,,t :v II'."T C .lich' )rtso: ilft the pitpit llilJ ncaimeii t 'e psiolriutir iof na iow-papr. 'T'hne (v Mr l;trlIhv, who suicceeded A\r Richliardson, at present follows the profession of a writer for tile inewspapers. I ilo not know whether Mrt Kilio lhas tile tast' for that kind of work, I amn sure heIl ha the alility. A1r l.aws.ii i i.s written, and, if his tiusi ainl ihealth Iadmiled, lhi: night have liccoiisl a di-tiiognui-hlid writer. I do not kniow how it may be maith Mr Clhaplmani. Sheuther Ire will follow in the ste'ps (f his prendecea.sor or not. IBut [ think it is ruitt, aild, priper that niPll (f co'rrect liti(,ons n a t.d lthulodratt view.s stionllll write for litl, 'nw.spapq?er pre,'; it is | i .i?ii: lisre amdl - ior hio It it ltllin.'l .n?inl'-,. ;l l tt ,.lll l posisessirig cletr a dl enIl;ttrgl. V'i~n,; ,ll'mid . ule the gift i o',lrl.te.' t.llllll.i Sine ol( tlhe I'prs mn I hatvi),in,'tiitncile ari. dt.isl. m eid t may gip?' our vsrdlict: on thlli ;,but as tl; liiielnts did nut Mfilr.up s;acrificeS unltil sillidoiwn, we Imul t Iclave to posterity clit task of prionllliuciniig ii verdiet on thoise Will) r Iainw livinr-. Oiln the Ruv,,l. \V., Law.in?l's resinatLtion of the l'.,Itlani oli.rget, I was oftell ill in cI(ouiuniuicati)io with .%Jr. \W. Tlhurman, ils to .li supplly Uor ltthl pulpit. ndl dtluilln the wholso v.ic'lncy inot anI unkit( l expres mtlol., p?usatd Ubtweel us. . le wýa alwsays inux.iliot for the welltro tt the I'PrtlLid, i'piople,iidl .LeiCusider tle lPortlad Churclh is muchll linutlted to, him. lhifstrencc Illa boen made to the feelipti anllifg I)rrellnts in Scutlaid, iand the Nortl of Lrulaid toLo, to, hes title buy tUtinsed for.t bo;oiiisitry, or au it i thlhre iexpreassed, S"e oiuou Ul(y wag his alia i iia. piulpit " (.V voice, 'i 'is Y)w."')), And it, la gratify .ing(.to reilmember liow mantiy of our most ditigiighssisld iluei bivo bele i iupplieil froii the hlImicta of .'cotlaltid anui th.i North of Irelanid.. : BoLt countries iavlc inide iheir triatk. Now, is there' int a palr'ett,'or at idas, a.nuotlier, heie ro-isliht, 'who will tlriie otie of her Ilysyr.lained, aInd decotedl to the Mili.stry, and the aerviemr ,f.t.UttU? .irat atpplauoe. 'l,'e iChairniitIl. thltcik:d .1r. .i'luberts fdr his relniiiisconces and' tliitory of tie Purtlantd lresbyteriiat' Ohurch ; we musiat renmember we ,are. miltiuaig, history nbw, wh:tt '? air' noiiiig now will he history. I'lhI.oevi, Mr. ll'Hiobert'' hlad takiti ,uch a Kind, fatherly interest .in the Portland Chlurclh that .we abhtitld look 'upolU' lii? sith. lilial ulfeution land regard Ti'e Rev. \V..T anter onl risingi to spe, k ,from u . tih fliilr of, the house," (there Ileing no platforml eiected,) remirked tlhat Zteccheus being, low ol stature cliilnedi up into i sychaluure .tree, tiee e wa,aoosiich .a.trl'te,.owvver growiug in St 'Iteplhen's $chltil-ruoin ,i)r the aicoisinudation , ot altort nieii like hitimself, he would try. iinotwiriliat riliong. 'is tuake hisnself heard .Ity thoise Viop'.c louIll ?tii ane hInul, unt tr> t~yplulst tihemi Iy silikiing a speech as short as. he,hllllsull'wa!.s. The liev, ge i letialn tl tn,. in a flew cloice Lsettentices,.gonIgra.tu lated his Pleshiyterian foienihs and their newly ,rdaineid tilipioster, til.ion their union whlich lie Iholl'tl' migiht inevr be sever.id, hut'tltit ilie 'GUre't lHeýdt of the church woulltl v'Oleiltiile to 'lis trother Clihapiniii -. longv p;;acetii), ua!l ipcesitnslul, c .rcer,, iln tihe betauti'ul itlJk- town of I'ortlandl. lie rensuii ltd ils» thlat htile he couhl sllt :siy irs .AIr Uniit rinsg had. that li-' wais ai I'resbyluriait, or ;L Presliyteriann Wesley:vi MIuhll oiii -t, blit tliat .lu \r. .% 1 iapti-t, anid thit lie (I IY:rcil fr.ini both s-I themli, (il eulii)s t)Ilii. sf dto- Lrinl ;ild church org:ianiiatliuo, y;)t hin l liId .it liprevenit litio I'-thIn i.vig,-thlluti 3 iei.dllreti ani r, j.,iijic )gin 1imnli.t tuc;esi. lie iisicved Lth.: itnl 'Jliy wIul'ld tlitVdr cotlli. wtIhein fl churc:h Wvuild cet.ianu .to bo dliide it.t, .d(tni iisitivatli ail sUectlio ii, tIlr wiia i ; d C .sibl?lilt ti-.i s.%lucl e'lhu t bo tis cU;e. TI'li, iitiry oi 'thi churen Iproved riiat ,tlhre liivlht le ulif si llty wherue lther .w.; rio unity; ;iLnl oio tit olitlher la- ail thsit thert Ih lat e-x-'etl thercit l *tricut ail iralivena le 1llllty o If hte l tit i l? 'llt: Illetu i.g .-eitiinili S:i. I lie tit o CI n co tll .cubt-lilg tlhoughtls t Iril thelt puiUili s of lir jaud wasi Iutl the tchli otl Oltsll? I aj)iits ei.g iAei in ull;y 'rivalry,; ij'.v kinig t)o itlijthier; tl loiV antd ;gi,,oi works. ' I'luere wits io:hitisg like big.)try iu,nulh.al, priac tice, aIn I lit' r.j icest to kiow 'that miet iwh., c tlll noi dilffer in ostnitteiii , ansd yet ag:o lt) Ieart, were grtwilig smiall by. Weo loyv ,ow w? tl i Ouitild a;iiwer t?, tilh 'Lejicr:I)iuit of i bilgoL given by (Jcirge 'DaissdJ i iii 'i'I \Vtiisnli Cirl " l ' "' 'here cant a iinrs to iouir i uni ell 'l lihAnJl i ir. wl.-oisne cari wits lie :" 1 i a snubburs none, ;inl a rerokkit 1lmou ' Ait aClocuin'lhiis lefIs de, " .An dtniuokl lie ?p lied alld 'nittkle hb " ArId ttlto iufden lli ilii snig ' '*, ia ;IyB tlieu mini %'iil Oiwer again " ilt lri uille it'yt ! i s l t:s wri;:ig . 'Ye'roi i wIrang atil a wrllag, *' AIl it Lih'l4.er a. wraing " 'l lri 'i ti it a aiti iut tll toon, " luts a tisegitlher a wr.isg. SThe siniisitrs weren't lit to prty, " A\td let alone LI preauoh ; i "'T' ity nitther lhad thie gilt o' grace, "'Nor 3et 'bcgift o' a(i.echi. " luhey tiiiuu'tt ili u' lslatn'ii aas ; " \Vi a lilfer ye .-may ken, I" I: LOni--l?I oe iis.od lihe uanues sIslls, " rut thI intsisoters opei I thlir i iu." " 'ise lisir tireceuttttors cotultdn !s sing '' l't.ey gruntlst ik lhe ta sise "t'i?.i very ctirt?ir cultdlno pass " T'l e lit lleu. t hid lila stilts "t And aye, Ihe gl I hlis a Sllia a ttsriwl, " o ;)d.ye, hi crook'dl hir i; ut * ;ind nye, le eickttlup hisi on " stlAnd Mil, Take lcnt thee no 11 ! " lc'reu a iralug, aso lid a ranig, " Ani ? th ihgither !a wrttig, s , ' " 'I'lih t's sin a uin aUI)it hle toni s " lst's a tcllgithlir a wr.Itg. ,Mr "Tranter.. conclhlitled his luidress,' re siiarkitsg, by i. ry of excuse for the pil;astiantiy hIc lalt iu. iul-ie is, that they were it ta banptet, aintil tthut ilisi Irctlhre!i whto . hail prtecied him, having supplied t.llle wilth i.oltblaintil loodi. he nt:oight hlsit they . uid lli I ave nuu l;jecionll to a fleu quips aind trille!. (Cheer .) T'i. 1ev. J. \V. Gilletupis wa, gilad that lie i.sd ti rit'ei.-'ctsd thie tiev. \V. Traniter, for hlia address was Ilpoj tlheo very un pIopul.tar auljsel ut giving. St. Paul l,.l umbuliiitd t a ayigit ot .o>ur Sanvour':. "It , ~ Isri mr -ie bhaltdl to give tli:sn to recuivie.' .lititlh nre importi tt anui besie ticial, but to give is .inore GUud-ihk. The Ieeling of givisng, like that if niuscy, -s twico.Ile.-seil, It b:easen.hiin thuat gives un-well un'hium thait receuiveas; tino ilet in tht.purtLy it religion in thu mind. of tho givr" slhould be. that he gIvei» to lists and 1 lis>t 5 11 i.11 1 T s piat rirclh g:svo s tIenllt utf nil Iu pIsseuseid iu theu isrvilc of Ulsd, and. if -io buliev',-o the ibiolu tiliat, IIIt eartht is itiu Lod's I a intl the fulnesas thereof. I, porsoni ahohuld grtidlg;e a Itisntht toi the pr Jsol.islt ofr lthe ilsry ,f IlusI to whosi tsiu wllte belungs. 'Iisr pinclipla of giving, when prullerly ,ppllisd, will lead niiansy fruim isin, lslly, ;ntd extratwnganice, huolcl:e I li i.eeisity fur syatesllsaic giving tor relisiin us atd clhari tiIle pilrpiiisae, aud is 1 proprlslshn us Gud hi's hllesn)e thu giv,'r ilsh thlim worllht'is w :salli. ' i'tiue l) i|Il: )e io t schairity, . ir iliingl i llt : | ls'sr, sa ,,is r lshan svl.' l thu .IsWIMsih silptlell-ls tss, twhore it was lit ui turnited with thi l>u'i ss in lsligi-'sns duty. Bitt he would iot dwell lolnger on n -Iitrjct which, however timportlat, was. ast h, sail at theL: begir.tllllng tthellcr uupop MaLr. lit cOur.lusion, the npc:aker c?ngrrlt nataed Mr Chapiman, antd aniit cheers tud laughter, advised the P',rtladl peolle. to rearl and study their newspapcrs, and whil- t givuiI? :a weiCIIIII to the new )pailer, in t to f,'rgct t!ic oltl (G,:rdtiuin which hike the c:agle had re? ctly renewed its Strengtii. (Cheers). The ipeaer tlhen referred to the r:itir. of youth andl cieauty which P(rtl and hlid colntrinlCd lto grace the present tia , tnile li. , and pr)lsllll t If ;illlual. he wi s :o nltltch Iple:led with the prll.e t lthiil l: li iie l coii e doiti a Ii t a y trl. Mi r iGlle . ie sttt downi i iully ,pphll nd, . Mr ,thi Illl lproposd ai vote of lillthankL.< tl th'e Lai'rs, which wa' carrie-d wvit aclatnti, in, is w,.e> al-l a vote propto-l iiy ir John l:iowiiiig, thatuk ?i4 the s?ieaker' i and clergymen of other di, nmiin ioii, aitn siiupplemented at tle I siiu? tstt iii ' ti re tjhUaiini;t, with a collial utle of iuanl;s t tie liv. J. C. P. Alluit, who for tile LccasiO II li In tI . nlit liieral \v:iy ,ranted tlhis, tli - I u. I e l ntiic nii g cii.ed ti`. h , iiili: 'i Praise v hei FI.ther." 