r'v1' ? ? ? ? 1 ? MELBOURNE. ' fl'ItOM OUIl OWN C0RnE8P0NDKNT.V lOtli January, 1874. Tho defeat of the All-England Eleven by our cricketers in .one jnnings lias been fol lowed by tlieir defeat nt Stawcll under cir .cumstances which rttpii.ro some reasons ' for 'explanation.' The gromuk on which the match was placed was execrable, being full of grass patches and hillocks, so that the ? ball would not g.o straight. However, it was no worse for the great eleven than the less famous twenty-two. 'A feeling is gaiiiing. ground that .these great batsmen are sham ming, or else that they have been greatly over-rated. I have heard it hinted that tho distinction made between the ' gentlemen ' and ' professionals ' on their arrival in Mol bourne so annoyed the latter that they pould ?not or would not make any exertions. Peo ple are now asking whether this visit to our shores of the historical eleven does not look more like a ' spec ' of some of our men of the timo than a desire to advance the science .of the game of cricket. Hobart Town re fuses to receive tho Elcvojj on the terms .offered them, aiid, to a philosophic onlooker, it does seem like a great scheme for putting jnoney into the pockets of somebody, to im port tneso lions irom .England to Australia. However, we must have somo grand excite ment periodically, or we must get up a small rebellion ns a safety valve for our exuberant spirits rarefied by the heat of the season, And this cricket business is a ? good as any thing else. At the inquest held on the bodies of tlie .drowned in Corio Bay a verdict of man slaughter was returned against Thompson ,nnd Sharpe, who were in charge of the boat jin which the accident occurred. The fun' of ?the tiling is (for the, jury must have their joke when sitting on tho dead) Sliarpu is amongst the drowned, and cannot be com mitted on the coroner's warrant. Funny jurymen in Gcelong. . \- There has been an unusual amount of ac cidents and s,udden deaths for the past ten days. Alcohol has had a large share placed to his credit, and is quickly commending himself to the. legislative attention of our Parliament. Something, must be done to save human beings from being poisoned by ? tlie deleterious liquids that are retailed in the gin shops throughout the colony, or we shall have to .establish an organ to specially report tho deaths caused by their use. If tho Recliabit.es .would bend their energies to this point they would be more successful than in their attempts to pass a Permissive Bill, and their success would be as great a boon to humanity as any, kind of restriction on the number of licensed houses. A telegraphic master named Weston, who lived at Smythesdale, has ended his career l-y£prassic acid— another victim to vice and fast living. It seems, however, that he is not ?v.erv comfortable in his new quarters, for his ghost has been visiting his successor, Mr. Tucker, and telling liim that lie is f 'wretched.' That's not to be wondered at, but certainly it is a matter for surprise that Mr. Tucker ?should bo so easily imposed on. Is he any relation of Old I}an Tucker that took too jmich supper ? The medjc.ajl men are receiving tho delicate /attention of c.ertain larrikins about ^Mary borough, .as Dr. Howell was sent by them on wild goose chasb to Joyce's Creek, a dis tance of ten piiles or so, to professionally sec a Mr. Simso, li, who was just then , in as -good health as the son of Esculapius himself. The Dr., however, got into good quarters, as Mr. Simsou is 'a jolly good follow, and I only wish I had been there to see tho spree the two friends had over tho ' sell.' \- 'Of- all things in this world who would, imagine that any thief would covet doctor's medicine ? ' I should as soon think of steal ing a snake. Still tastes differ, ajjil a biliious-looking fellow named William llob sliaw lias been convicted of appropriating a quantity of modicine in Sandhurst^ Ho ' ought to be- made to swallow tlio lot as a p.unishment for his covetousness. ' My friend, L. L. Smith, has got a good thing at Lati-obc River. Largo deposits of tin have been discovered up there yielding 05^- per cent, puro metal, and the little doc tor has cot a lease of somo of the ground on which tho discovery has been made. I should ? think that a little tin will be useful to him ^just now after emerging from the ? Supreme ?Court with a torn reputation. I am glad to say, however, that he is still careful of the interests of his constituents, and keeps his ?weatherjeyo open to tho special weal of the licensed victuallers, whom he is anxious to save from the dangerous doctrines of the Rccliabite Inglis, who promises to save Rich mond from too much fire-water. Another bid for £300 per year. ? The case of Dr. Cooper, of Rokfwood, who has been committed for perjury over, a post mortem lie held, should point a moral and adorn a talc. The Dr. said that the deceased had died of fatly degeneration of the heart, two brother chips said he died from contusion of the brain and extravasatcd blood thereon. And who's right ? The ease looks bad for Dr. ?Cooper, as he has been rather fond of talking ' over the matter, and appears to have made .some queer statements. He pleads that he did the best he could in the affair, though lie saw nothing wrong with the dead man's head. I'm afraid the doctor's own head was . confused at the time. ? ' Our grand scheme of education, which was ' iishered in with such paeans in praise of Mr. ... Stephen, is not working well at all. The . teachers are all in arms against it, and are spoking for, more salary. It will require a . million annually to meet their demands, and that is more than wo can 'afford to give them. Even as it is, there is one-sixth of the revenue spent on education, and a larger .amount would not meet with the approval of the colony. I think wo must requiro parents who can pay for their children's education to do so. ? Add to this that wo have resolved to abandon that Border Custom's treaty with .New South Wales, as tho merchants in Sydney are playing ducks and drakes with our commerce. Wo will have another war with our neighbors on that sensational ques tion, and of cours.e, avast amount of trouble in our own custom Jibuse. I think there is no doubt about' New South Wales going ahead of Victoria in her fiscal, policy, apil if ' our Mr. Francis don't put-on' a. spurt Yiij toria must lag behind your more astute Sir. . Parkes and his colony. A noble . set of men ar.e the gentlemen who,disperiso justice in the Petty Sessions Court of tlio colonics. One of them who re sides at Ten-mile Creek has got an exalted ' idea of what constitutes tho right view of the nature of an oath. A gentleman of color named Gale was summoned as a witness in a sheep stcnling case, and in reply to tlifi pre siding justice, ho said of heaven 'not know ^;' thiit(;hcH was a long , drink that Englishman'liko that 'diuino if lie will be punished for sin, might, however and ho expected when -' ho would dio that lie would go up on top where they wean young lambs.' This catechism was satisfactory to tho pre siding justice as proof of tho ' gentleman's' knowledge pf an oath, and lio ordered him to, bo sworn. On receiving the Bible to Iciss it, ho made an attempt to swallow it ; but changing his mind, ho licked several pages with his tongue, and proved lie knew the nature of an oath. It will not, of course, be thought strango that tho evidence of this 'gentleman' determined ,- tlio case fpr his side, ' Larrikinism has found it way amongst tho 1st Life Guards in London, and a respectable number of officers, who' aro titled sons of nobility, with their colonel at their head, have been playing up somo trioks at a low public resort for abandoned .'characters called tho ' Argylo Rooms,' and so found their way to the police court. But kind Mr. King, the magistrate, thought they had been badly, used by being subjected to police interference, and dismissed them with an expression of sympathy. It is. such distribution of justice that brings disgrace on our law courts, 'fand , generates a hatred of the privileged classes in the heart of the poor man. ' DAVUS. . 