THE NOVEMBER MAGAZINES. In the Fortnightly Review, Mr. Herbert Spencer replies to the criticisms on his system of philosophy which have been brought forward by Professor Max Muller, Dr. Shad worth Hodgson, Dr. Caird, and the late Dean Mansel. Mr. William Galt, who advocates the purchase of railways by the state, recommends that the whole question should be remitted to the committee of the House of Commons which is to be appointed next session for considering the question of amalgamation. We miss from the present number the continuation of Mr. Morley's valuable papers on National Education. As these, however, have just been collected and published in a separate form, they will be accessible to many persons who may not see the Fortnightly. In place of the editor's contribution, we have an article by Mr. Fitch, an inspector of schools, who replies to a paper read by Mr. Payne, before the Social Science Association, at Plymouth, which tended to discredit the general results of primary instruction in the mother country. In fact, a very bad case was made out against it. But Mr. Fitch, with the information at his command, is enabled to disprove Mr. Payne's assertions and to place the whole matter in a much fairer light. This, nevertheless, leaves the main question untouched j for, as Mr. Morley has shown, the 25th clause of the Education Act of 1870 is part and parcel of "an enormous process of denominational endowment ;" and the radical defect of that measure is, as he observes, that by MR provisions, the Government professed to make the board schools unsectarian, and then they encouraged the sectarian schools against them. What was hardly less important, they left the train- ing schools mainly in the hands of the sects, so that almost the only teachers to be procured by the model unsectarian schools were persons brought up in the lines of active sectarianism. To Save bare appearances, they declared in name for un- denominational schools, and then they did their best to enable denominational schools to win a permanent triumph over them.'' Mr. Frederick Harrison's comments upon ' Public Affairs" continue to be written with all the vis vivid which he is accustomed to infuse into his strictures upon the events of current history. In the present number he has drawn up a capital impeachment of the Legitimists in France, and he thence proceeds to indicate the existence and to expose the tactics of a corresponding party in England-the party of stupidity, which is always aiming at a Restoration. "Legs times with us," sarcastically observes Mr. Harrison, means a larger infusion than usual of country squires into office, and a kindly interest in drains." Mr. Leslie Stephen has been at the pains to read through and to contribute to Fraser an analysis of what Mr. Lecky rightly calls " one of the most revolting books that have ever proceeded from the pen of man, namely, Jonathan Edwards on "Original Sin." It is not to be wondered at, as Mr. Stephen observes, that " Calvinism should have become an almost extinct creed," when its doctrines are such as were set forth by Edwards, who not only believed in a physical held, in which, as he told the sinner, "you must wear out long ages, millions of millions of ages, in wrestling and conflicting with Almighty merciless vengeance ;" but actually declared that " the view of the doleful condition of the damned will make the saints in heaven more prize their own blessedness" It is a remarkable circumstance, which Mr. Stephen has overlooked, that these are exactly the words made use of by St. Thomas Aquinas, who says :-" Beall in regard celeste videbant ponds damnatory, til beatitude Ulis magis complacent." Most persons would be glad to escape such a horrible beatitude. The Rev. S. Baring Gould strips the robe of sanctity off a distinguished ornament of the Roman Martyrology, St. Symeon Sales. Mr. F. W. Newman devotes an urges i nious essay to an invalidation of the claims of Homer to the authorship of the Odyssey and aims to show, by in ternalevidence, that it must have been written a century or two later than the Iliad. An Australian contributor furnishes an outline of a scheme of reform for the English constitution. He would create a really Imperial Parliament, divide the House of Commons into a number of permanent committees, and gradually change the nature of the House of Lords so that it would be composed practically of life members. Otherwise, he con -saw- out the days of "England's prosperity, and even 01 us was., °_A._.,., - numbered," and that her fate I"" ' "*''' of other nations with"' their eyes" . . team DO that obstinately dosing Eva, obstinately closing . "-_ to the, signs of the times Iles's as is too late, Lava ran over-' whelmed and swallowed up in the great catastrophes they were unable then to avert.- ' in a paper on Pilgrimages and Catholicism :í7f.nT watered Frenchman-points I c at that the peasant is essentially Vol Asp and tMiperstitious at once and that I said, ' J>rieath<^ has profited by all the J-7rf BE '"s°f a.*'uncultivatednisturo;" that RSL "at the Church it was t "west by women is among the is mainly replies tree there may be easily poorer Frehclhn-K "" s, towards a detected''latent/6<m so and that, if these against the Romari'ixm, and tormented by were judiciously aims e, is said to the a liberal Government; they u D s -Twartz overthrow of UltramontáTlísr«, "JP, -,¡_f-i, treats us to a dissertation -on the e5 ^ ;, according to Paul," in which the learned German loses his way in ju_e;as'dem*. I a so , as that; which has bewildered press commentators j Tliep-csentihBtalment of " TlioT'árMíítt in Blackwood is the most utter esting- which has yet appeared, dealing as it does With- the state of feeling and the current of events in the French- metropolis during the exciting period which followed the fall of Sedan. Any one who has read M. de Molinari is' Cities Rouges, or the Viscount de Beaumont: Vassy's Histoire de la Commune, will admit, the dramatic skill and literary ingenuity with' which the late Lord' Lytton has turned the materials supplied by those and other works to excellent account' in his narrative ; while, at the same time, brightening it with flashes of epigrammatic comment, and touches of vivid description. The noble author's views of the method by which France is to work out her regeneration are ably stated, while his picture of the state of political feeling in the capital, on the eve of the siege, is admirably drawn. " Paris has excelled itself in Folly's he makes one of his characters exclaim. "Hungering for peace, it proclaims a Government which has no legal' power to treat for it. Shrieking out for allies, among the monarchies, it annihilates the hope of obtaining them ; its sole chance of escape from siege, famine, and bombardment' is in the immediate and impassioned sympathy of the provinces; and it revives all the grudges which the provinces have long: sullenly felt against the domineering pretensions of the capital, arid invokes the- rural populations, which comprise the pith and sinew of armies, in the name of men whom I really believe they detest still more than they do the'Prussions." A gossipping-.essay on " Temper " does not rise above the level of the commonplace dissertations of the copious Boyd. Somebody tells an extraordinary ghost story, which he professes to have heard from the lips of the living actors, in it, and which ought to be capable of verify cation or disproof by persons now resident in Sydney. " V. W. S.," whom it is not diflU cult to identify with the American sculptor who gave us "Graffiti d'ltalia," contributes three poems, in one of which we find an echo of some of the thoughts embodied in the laureate's " In Memoriam." Blackwood's political article is a prolonged snarl the subject of the efforts which are being made by the Liberal party in England to procure such an amendment of the Education Act, of 1870 as shall take the schools subsidised by the state out of the hands of the denomina, tionalists. The writer seems to admit that the Church of England will receive 75 per cent, out of the annual grant for elementary education, while the other sects obtain only 27 per cent., and professes to believe that the members of that church constitute 70 per cent, of the population of England and' Wales. But what is the registrar-general of Great Britain about to allow an important statistical question like this to be rather matter of guesswork ? In a paper on the great currents of French literature in the 19th century, which appears in the first of the November numbers, of the Revue tics Deux Mendes, M. Blaze de Bury makes us acquainted with a series of lectures delivered in the University of Copenhagen by Professor Brandes. These indicate, both in themselves and in the effect they produced, that the Danish mind is being acted upon by the literature of France, Germany, and England ; while they furnish the reviewer with an apposite text upon which to found a masterly discourse with respect to the sup found influence which Voltaire and Rousseau have exerted upon the whole literature of our own epoch. M. Etiori_e endeavours with indifferent success to expound the riddle (of Macchiavelli's intellect and character, drawing the materials for his i estimate of; it from the complete edition of his works which has just been published in Florence, and which contains many new documents which have only been brought to light within the last 15 years. Beyond the fact that the author of the " Prince" had a great fondness for paradox, and a singular contempt for the human species, each of us may say of him, as Montaigne said of things in general, and of himself, in particular, Que science of M. Maury continues his account which is of necessity more erudite than entertaining-of the administration of France before the Revolution of 1789 ; exhibiting in the present number the conflict between the Royal power and the provincial jurisdictions ; which, by the success of the former, and the consequent destruction of all the buttresses of the monarchy, contributed so largely to the overthrow of the throne. An essay on the currency question, more particularly in relation to the double standard of value, from the pen of M. Victor Bonney, the well-known economist, is devoted mainly to combat the arguments of those who are in favour of maintaining a silver as well as a gold standard. He has the courage and the sincerity to scout the idea that France is a country of progress. " Nothing can be more untrue, he says. " We know how to make revolutions, and to change our Government every other day ; but as to those gradual ameliorations which are the fruit of experience, and which constitute progress, we are entirely strangers to them. This is followed, curiously enough, by an article on the laws and limits of progress, in science, morality, and art, by M. Caro, and which contains a very good sum. of the conclusions arrived at on the subject by the most distinguished of contemporary English thinkers. A graphic description of a visit to the German Parliament, will be found very readable; and from the concluding paper on the phylloxera in the vincE we learn that the ravages of this pest are rapidly extending in France, that the sulphur of carbon is of doubtful value as a remedy, and that M Flandin has discovered in America an learns that pursues the maleficent insect to the depths of the earth and destroy sat HospiTAL Sunday in London next year will be the 14th of June. It has been decided that no institution will be admitted to participate in the distribution of the fund if the committee of distribution find the cost of its management exceed a reasonable percentage of the whole current expenditure. 