CHRISTMAS EVE IN A CHURCH, AND WHAT CAME OF IT. BY MORGAN HAWKES. [From the Christmas Number of the Observer.] The place Adelaide, the season Christmas Eve, and the hour half-past 2 by the Post-Office clock. Upon the wide pavement in front of Cobb & Co.'s Royal Mail Booking-office a noisy, bustling, fussy crowd, individually composed of passengers, passengers' friends, porters, spectators, purveyors of fruit and evening papers, gossipers, larrikins, and loafers. Waiting for the mail ! Unprotected females of uncertain age grimly mounting guard over a citadel of black covered trunks, brown paper parcels, and unwieldly bundles, in which mysterious articles of apparel are bursting through the flimsy covering afforded by the last week's Register, and intended to hide such sacred things from the vulgar gaze; while last, but not least in the anxious regard of its spinster mistress, comes the inevitable blue band-box, enveloped in a decidedly masculine pockethandkerchief, and proudly surmounting the whole. Waiting for the mail ! Slim-waisted little brown-skinned damsels, dressed in the very last improvement upon the latest Paris fashion, darting bird-like hither and thither, getting into everybody's way, interrogating stoical strangers in the most delightfully beseeching tones, perfectly convinced that they, are quite capable of looking after themselves, indignantly scorning the proffered advice of younger brothers, and at the same time being in a glorious state of bewilderment as to which is the particular coach they are in search of. Waiting for the mail ! Bronzed and bearded bushmen just down from the bush, and smoking the indispensable short black pipe, their long matted hair hanging down upon their shoulders, and their horny sunburnt hands grasping the none too cleanly but withal picturesque-looking swag. Waiting for the mail ! City clerks and budding lawyers, fingernails trimly pared, chin clean shaven, boots brightly blacked, hair cropped a la Dry Creek, and scarcely showing beneath some enormously-ugly sun helmet, arrayed in the inevitable long silk dust- coats, prim, precise, and proper, pacing slowly up and down the pavement carrying the conventional black leather bag, and occasionally, not without some little display of importance and ostenta with the clock above. Waiting for the mail! White-capped, blue-coated, and snowy-trousered policemen, serenely p&ssing; through the crowd in the consoiefitious performance of their arduous duty; swarthy-faced Hindoos vending apricots and oranges ; scantily - clothed friendless-looking lads, rushing frantically to and fro and shouting their shrill cry of "Journal," "'Sprets" Waiting for the mail! Fathers off to their children, husbands off to their wives, and lovers off to their sweethearts; paterfamilias with the charge of the luggage and the due securing of comfortable seats weighing heavily upon his over-wrought mind; materfamilias, with the eldest bey clinging to her gown, the youngest girl hanging shyly to her shawl, the last but one, reckoning by events, and not counting numerically, tugging violently at her sleeve, one twin on her bosom and the other twin in the arms of the red-faced red-haired Irish nurse-girl at her side. Waiting for the mail! Sallow-faced factory girls, thankful to get a respite from the ceaseless treadle and the clatter and jar of the sewing- machine, and, like the postboy's, horse, "right glad to miss the rumbling of the wheels," at liberty for one short week to breath the air of the country home again. Waiting for the mail! Here they come; the great red lumbering coaches, their yellow wheels covered with the accumulated mud and dirt and dust of many a thousand mile of journeyings, . for no idle loiterers in the yard are these veteransof the road. Here they come, swaying and oscillating in their empty buoyancy as the cool self-possessed drivers showily bring their teams up King Williamstreet, as .though intending to drive through Victoria- square, and then adroitly handling their fistful of ribbons, suddenly wheel the five spirited horses round to the front of the booking-office. Here they come! For the rural districts and pleasant townships that cluster in the valley and around the sources.of the Torrens; for the comparatively cool and bracing country places far across the breezy heights of thickly-timbered sombre-looking old Mount Lofty; and for the sylvan quietudes, the meadowed homesteads, the wheat' paddocks, . and the dairy farms scattered about ihe rich undulating plains where the rocky Onkaparinga rolls its blue cold waters to the glimmering Gulf. Here they come! And now begins the rush for places. With an agility gained it may be in other avocations on the sea, many a bearded bushman lightly clambers to the roof,' followed by ambitious clerks and city youths, whose enjoyment of a fifty mile exhilirating ride through the summer wind and sunshine is none the less keen because so seldom indulged in. Up they go, speedily appropriating the box and filling up the second 6eat, while a third batch adopt the heterogeneous heaps of luggage as a throne, and a further detachment, still more soaring in their views, perch themselves upon the top of the mail-box itself. Down below m a struggling crowd are gathered the female portion of the passengers, wildly brandishing umbrellas, and parasols, and band-boxes, and fighting for a seat with all that estimable persistency for which the softer sex is so famous. Standing slightly aloof from the clamorous throng, but from a certain anxious air pervading her face and a look of impatience in her eyes, evidently awaiting her turn for a seat in the interior of the coach, .is a pleasant* looking young lady. This is no Rundle-street belle arrayed in the height of fashion; her plain white muslin dress is scarcely calculated to create 60 surprising a sensation as your more elegant costume d la mode, my fair reader; her simple linen wristbands certainly did not cost so much as your own valuable point lace cuffs, neither have they the same pleasing faculty of decreasing the apparent dimensions of her lightly-gloved hands; her hat, beyond all doubt, sacrifices the ornamental to the useful, neither is it tipped adroitly upon the bridge of her nose,. nor does it rest carelessly tipon the back part of her head, but somehow feeems worn more as a covering than as a fashionable appendage to the coiffure; in fact, instead of being resplendent'in all the latest vagaries, of fashion, this tall, well-made, quietfaced young girl is plainly; neatly, and economically dressed. Unobtrusive as is her costume, yet I'll wager many an ignorant unappreciative boor like myself, who has not the faintest idea of taste, and whose idiotic notions of dress place him quite beyond the pale of all decent society, and the patience of all sensible women—such an outoast, I say, would probably"have the. audacity to think, and the temerity to say, that this unknown plainly-dressed young person is the very type of what a lady should be like. Vociferous, pushing, struggling, with.many panting ejaculations as to the beat and the crowded state of the mails,' the mob of passengers oSake their way into the coaches, and just .as there - seems some probability of the Biodest-iooking young girl being left behind altogether, otte or ihe porters rushes up with the exclamation,'"Mount : Barker, Nairoe, little Hampton, Callingfon ! This .your. box, Miss? .'Miss Clara Swain, passenger, Gregoiy's panels V Here you are, miss, take your' place. Just off." "But I am afraid there is no room," says the young person in the muslin dress, who, it seems, is the Miss Clara Swain aforesaid. "Room, Miss ! Oh, i plenty," and the energetic porter, by dint of a I little persuasion here, and a. touch of authority ; there, proves beyond doubt that there are still two vacant places on the right-hand side, and un- : ceremoniously packing Miss Swain in, closes the door with a bang, as the bulky mail bags are handed up to the guard on his little perch behind. One—two—three, reverberates from the Post- Office clock, and with a shake of the reins and a brisk "right" from the driver, off start the five high-spirited horses, acdaway rolls the lumbering coach in a whirling cloud of dust. Plunging in the broad leather traces, and vainly attempting to break into a mad frolicsome gallop, the team rattles round Victoria-square, past the Court-Houses, down through the broad half-built streets towards the outskirts of the town, and at last condescending to moderate its pace to a respectable trot, spanks away down the Mount Barker- road. Outside passengers are soon too busily engaged filling their pipes to indulge in much conversation, while inside things are beginning to assume a more comfortable look. Unwieldly parcels have been stowed away beneath the seat, gaunt unbrellas, gifted with an awful i propensity for endangering human eyes, ribs and limb?, have retired from active service in the corners J bags and bundles have fallen on the ficor; diesses have been readjusted, sha vis pulled down, and flounces tugged round, and flusbed-looking matrons, who ten minutes since were bitter enemies in their struggle for a seat, are now exchanging amiable common-places about the weather and the inoenvenience of travelling by ooach. Away with a nimble and rattle, and jolt, through the pretty little village of Glen Osmond, and Master Johnny has peeled his orange and spilt the juice over his neighbour's green silk dress, and received - the usual maternal lecture for his carelessness. Away with a rattle aud rumble and jolt, over rustic bridges, and under the shadow of lofty hills, and Annie has oommenced operations upon her second bun, while the baby has scattered a choioe assortment of moist biscuit crumbs. over the muslin dress which excited our admiration at the bookingoffice; Its possessor, Jliss Swain, looks up with a pleasant smile from the novel she is endeavouring to read, and as the hilly road steepens, and the coach gradually changes its swift motion for a tedious crawl, she offers to relieve • the good humoured-looking owner of Johnny and Ann-e and the baby of her youngest charge. Taking the baby in her arms she soon calls forth a fresh display ef infantile jocularity by sundry feminine manoeuvres, mysteriously adapted to the comprehension of its tender mind. Miss Swain should be used to the managament of children, and acquainted with all their little likes and dislikes, for is she not governess in the household of Mrs. Pufley White, who, happy woman, is the mother of thirteen; with ages ranging from the infant, Louis Napoleon, aetat: one, to the accomplished Miss Celeste, who has been " finished" in the orthodox manner .at a most aristocratic and expensive Melbourne school, and who has just returned to the parental roof, endowed with an amount of refinement which calls forth the awe and worshipping admiration of her less polished progenitors. Lacking nothing in the way of accomplishments, Miss Celeste is prepared to take that position in society for which her gentle birth, good breeding, and acquired talents so admirably befit her^ and to the attainment of which laudable object the whole of her elaborate education has apparently been directed. As cultivator of the budding intellects of such a distinguished family, it is not to be wondered at that Miss Swain should find herself at home with children, and indeed her present journey owes its origin to the advent ot a ctrtain wondrous baby that has lately put in an appearance at Gregory's Gables. During the winter Mr. and Mrs. Gregory, a young married couple just emerging out of the billing and cooing period of married life, paid a brief visit at Mrs. Purley White's villa residence. During her short stay Mrs. Gregory struck up a violent friendship with Clara Swain, the patient goodtempered governess, and on leaving The Mount of Olives, Mrs. Parley White's palatial abode, made " that dear Clara" promise to spend her next Christmas holidays at Gregory's Gables, when she might also be kind enough to take a somewhat prominent and responsible part in a certain interesting ceremony expected to take place about that period. The hoped-for heir of the whole of the Gregory estates having duly kept his engagement,and Christmas having arrived, Miss Clara Swain, as godmother-elect, is on the road to fulfil her promise of six months since. Away witt a rattle and rumble and jolt along the winding ridge that overlooks the deep gorges of the cool Mount Lofty Ranges, rolling up with a swaggering insolent air to the door of way- side country. post-offioes, spinning merrily onward beneath overhanging gums and between steep rocky banks, dashing up hill and down dale, and at last the first stage of the journey is over. \- Away again once more, with a rattle and nimble and jolt, threading the dense scrub, darting out on airy eminences, and flying down steep and sudden curves, then for miles on level roads again, crossing primitive looking bridges,' over dned-up creeks, clattering through cleanly German townships, and waking up the honest Teutons from their chronic state of lethargy and sleep. Away with a rattle and rumble and jolt, and then down goes the brake, and back the steaming horses spring upon their haunches, as amidst an atmosphere of singeing leather the coach is pulled up with a sudden jerk, and Gregory's panels are reached. WaitiDg for the coach stand Mr. Gregory and a tall boney-shouldered gaunt-h»ured lady, tea- ing upon her pinched-up face and displaying in her grey corkscrew curls the too too evident stamp of determined spinsterhood. No sooner has Miss Clara Swain's smiling face appeared at the eoach door than energetic little Mr. Gregory rushes up to welcome her, and lend her his assistance in alighting, and this feat being accomplished, tugs at her luggage like a diminutive Hercules, and makes arrangements for its transit to the house. Then with the air and manner of one who feels himself utterly unworthy to undertake so honourable an office, he with many bows and smiles introduces his companion. "Miss Clara Swain, Miss Deborah Tingle," then half aside to Miss Swain, and with a significant glance towards Miss Tingle, "My wife's auntr^-a most extraordinary woman—intellectual, literary, and all that; writes books and poetry by the bushel. Shouldn't wonder if she is composing a poem of welcome to you now." "Ahem! aunt, when we get home you must let Miss Swain read your "Scrub Gatherings.'" "A sweetly pretty collection of poems, Miss Swain. . Very favourably acknowledged by Her Gracious Ma jesty the Queen." " If 'Miss Swain possesses a soul sufficiently poetic to understand and appreciate my humble efforts to depict in glowing words the thrilling scenes of nature, I shall only be too happy to let her read my little offering to the muse," returned the prim Miss Tingle, 1 ' an offer which is no sooner made than politely accepted by the good-hearted governess, who is too well-bred to laugh at this old maiden lady's little eccentricity, Gregory's Gables is soon reached, its proprietor enlivening the road with running commentaries upon the many and varied volumes published by " My wife's aunt." At the door of the Gables, and holding in her maternal arms the most wonderful baby that ever was born, stands Mr. Gregory's young wife, impatient to welcome her dearest Clara, and duly exhibit the treasure that has been given to her since last they met. Having met and kissed and embraced with a careful eye to the safety and convenience of th9 marvellous baby, the conversation for the next half hour partakes more of the nature of a series of ejaculatory remarks, and might easily be Bummed up in the expressions—"Oh, is'nt he a beauty! • The : duck! The pet!" &c.;, See., &c.;, ad infinitum, until the whole vocabulary of praise is thoroughly exhausted, and sinking nature being in the same deplorable condition, Mr. and Mrs. Gregory, the unparalleled -baby, my wife's aunt, and Miss Swain all sit down to a thoroughly oldfashioned bush tea, The greater part of the conversation during tea-tune was .devoted to a recitation of the remarkable instances of sagacity already dis- : played by the juvenile Mgster Gregory. -Itwas | affirmed on the highest authority, being none other than the trustworthy testimony of Aunt Tingle, that he had distinctly been seen to snailc at tome facetious remarks addressed to lum by his happy father. Foolish Jifctle Mrs. Gregory showed two slight, and excepting to the unerring I vision of a maternal eye, well-nigh invisible i marks upon her fore-finger, made by this extra- . ordinary child in a futile attempt to cat its'first 1 tooth. As for poor impulsive Mr. Gregory* what with elevating ''my wife's aunt's-' gemusand : literary talent to the seventh heavens, and then ; coming d9wn again to exalt his son and heir!s : faculty of distinguishing between ideas to-a still ' higher pedestal, he was pretty busily employed : during the social meal. "My dear," said he, . " you must show Miss Swain those interesting little sketches of your aunt's. A series of short colonial tales, Miss Swain; most touching, , I assure you. Published at home; immense circulation. His Excellency wrote through his * Private Secretary, saying he had never read any- • thing like them." Then, in an audible whisper, ! " A very clever woman, my wife's aunt; moved : in the highest circles; knows the names and families of all the nobility at home." At this . somewhat public acknowledgment of her virtues and attainments Aunt Tingle smiled a lackadaisical smile, and coughed an affected sentimental little cough, as who should say, " None of these things move me; I am well used to the breath of praise." Then off the little man started on the other tack. "Child!" said he, , i "I sever saw such a child in my life; knows everything, I believe. ' Tou'd scarcely credit it, Mii-B Swain, but it is nevertheless an incontrovertible fact, that that ahi'd there watches my every motion, and oopies me in all things. Only last night I found him lying asleep on the fi<>or with a piece of stick in bis mouth. Teeth, says my wiie. Stuff, say I. He had seen me during the hot weather lie upon the sofa and smoke a cigar, and he was just imitating me, the rogue. Wonderfully preoooious chil«! f* And so in the praise of the little stranger and the maidenaunt, the cup which cheers but not inebriates and the merry joke passed pleasantly around. As soon as there came a pause in this storm of adulation, Mrs. Gregory endeavoured to interpose with a change of subject. * " We have a job for you this evening, if you are not too tir^d with yeur journey, Clara, dear," said she. " Nothing short of the journey back to town again would tire me, I think." "How glorious it must be to find oneself in all the jojous buoyarcy of youth!' parenthetically remarked Aunt Tingle, appropriately turning up her eyes to the fly-6potted Ceiling of the long, low room. "Well, Clara,"returned Mrs. Greyory, "We have promised to get the church decorated for the Christmas service to-morrow and for the christening; and as I shan't very well be able to leave baby I thought Aunt Tingle and you, and John and Mr. Trefusia, who has promised to come across, would manage very nicely. Oh, he's such a nice fellow, is Barry Trafusis! and I'm quite, quite sure, you'll fall in love with him. And, Clara, he's got heaps of money! two stations in the North, and lots of land round here; and he's awfu ly handsome, and I do so hope he'll"—and here, laughing and blushing, the ridiculous little woman incoherently finished her praise of this demi-god as the general utility servant-girl made her appearance at the door with the gratuitous information—" Please, 'M, and here's Mr. Trowsis, 'M." Whereupon that estimable young man entered the room, and put an end to all further conversation concerning his charms. Rather confused in manner, but with a mischievous smile still lurking round the corners of her mouth, Mrs. Gregory did the honours of the house. "Godfather Trefusis, bachelor, of this parish; Godmother Swain, spinster, Adelaide. Miss Tingle, you know Mr. Trefusis. There, now we are all at home!"—a remark which, if intended to imply perfect and universal ease, could scarcely be said to apply to Miss Swain, who was blushing up to the roots of her hair, and hardly knowing which way to look in the confusion caused by such an embarrassing form of introduction. " I am afraid Miss Swain will find us rather dull and prosaic up here amongst the hills after the dissipation -of Adelaide," observed Mr. Trefusis, casting about for some safe subject of remark. " Oh, I don't see much of the . dissipation of the city. I am only a governess, and my experience of town life is school all the week and church on Sunday — church on Sunday and school all the week; sometimes by way of a change, an instructive lecture, and occasionally a concert at White's Rooms. Governesses, as a rule, don't complain of excess of pleasure." " By Jove! that's a smart girl," thought Mr. Trefusis, merely venturing an acquiescence, and, it must be confessed, somewhat inane laugh by way of reply. " No' Clara has come up here for a good rest end plenty of horse exercise. You must show her about the country, Hariy, you have plenty of spare time, while poor John' here is almost worried out of his senses with me, and the baby, and the farm." " I shall only be too happy," answered the young man, and shall always bless the young gentleman who was the innocent means of coupling my interests with those of so charming a co-sponsor at the font as—as—as It's really very warm," concluded Mr. Trefusis vaguely, apparently deeply interested in the motion of a particular fleecy cloud across the sky, and endeavouring to make things pleasant for himself with the blundering tact and duplicity peculiar to the masculine gender when it finds itself floundering out of its depth. " I am afraid I am usurping Miss Tingle's office in this ceremony," interposed Miss Swain, anxious to break the awkward pause which ensued uponHarryTrefu3is'sunfortunateattempt at amiability. " No, no, np, my dear! I have always steadily refused to stand, godmother; it is such a very solemn responsibility that I am really afraid of undertaking it." "How much more, then, should I be nervous of rushing in where you fear to tread, Miss Tingle? But I suppose I mustn't disappoint Mrs. Gregory, even at the risk of failing in my sponsorship; .and with Mr. Trefusis to help me, I hope I shall be able to pull through. But mind, Mr. Trefusis, you must be answerable for all the heaviest offences which this young gentleman may take upon himself to commit." " Certainy, certainly," replied the rash young squatter, already over head and ears in love with the pretty, vivacious young godmother; " but meanwhile suppose we inaugurate the christening ceremony by commencing the decoration of the church." Away started the party for the little Gothic building situated in a knoll some three miles through the scrub, Mr. Gregory and " My Wife's Aunt" leading the way, followed by Mr. Trefusis and Clara Swain. "Those young people are in love with each other, John," confidentially remarked Aunt TiDgle to her admiring nephew as they walked along. "Do you think so, Aunt?" incredulously questioned Mr. Gregory, who nevertheless held Miss Tingle's perceptive faculties in the highest estimation. " Think so! of course I do! I know it. I can see it in their eyes;" and then, with a Machivellian depth of cunning for which her most ardent admirer would scarcely have given her credit, 6he added—" I shan't be able to help much this evening, John; I have just thought of a fine subject for a poem, and I think I could work out my ideas so nicely in the pulpit while Mies Swain and Mr. Trefusis are busy down below." " But you must stay and do chaperon, Aunt, for I shall have to leave directly we get there. However, there won't be much work to do, for the school children have been all day gathering pices, and shrubs, and flowers, and heaping them up inside the church'; and the wreaths 'are made and th^. texts written, so .all that needs , to be done Is merely giving to the whole "a&ur; a finishing touch." Arrived at the church, everything was found .as Mr.^Gregory stated, and, having started them -fairly on with their Fork, that anxious husband, under pretence of being obliged to look over the farm, made all -possible hbste back to his little wife, leayipg the key of. the church in the door, arid giving Harry Trefusis strict injunctions to see all eafelv locked up before leaving for home. An hour or two parsed rapidly away. Mr. Trefusis and Miss Swain, with all. the sociability of old friends, supported each ptfcer upon ricketty. forms, mutually assisted inthe'designiiig of festoons, together twined- wreaths, and rchef^fully went through' all the labeur" of decorating* a church; while Aunt Tingle, -like the most eraeiotfs of £he Fgtes. smiled dow upon them from lttf pereli in the pulpit, where, with the aid of the pairon's pen and the charwoman's fiatcandlfeetick. she was busily engaged cultivating the acijiiairitaiice of the Muse. " Outside the church the night strode swiftly on, and the meon. rising Over the surrounding hills, illumined scrub and clearing, 7 farm ^arid homestead, with its silvery light. Three - miles off, nestling amongst the grand old'gi?m-trees, could be seen Gregory's Gables, with the red light streaming through the dining-room window; and far away down the dusty, road could indistinctly be discerned the blurred,,and flickering lamp of the wayside public-house. _ Gradually crowing from a dark speck in the distance to a black and burly form in the white backgrounds ef road, came slowly down towards the church, and evidently from the public- house, a jollylook'ng man. As he rolled along in an easy, devil-may-care sort of way, he softly hummed to himself the fag end of some half-forgotten song, learnt, it may be, on some snowy Christmas Eve passed in some rustic village far away in merry England more than twenty years ago, when he, a shock-headed lad, joined the carol-singers in their rounds, and never even dreamt of such a place as South Australia. The old song seems to recall the memory of early sports, and as he reaches the church, and peeping in at the door, sees the queer figure of the maiden lady in the pulpit and the young couple below, and then catches sight of the key left in the door, the old boyish spirit of mischief and fun onoe again wakes up in him, and the inevitable temptation to indulge in one of his ancient sprees oomes upon him so strongly that he is obliged to retire to a quiet tombstone and stuff his great red handkerchief in his mouth for fear of awakening the forest echos with his uncontrollable burst of laughter. " My word ! here's a lark. Wouldn't it be a spree to lock 'em up in the church and take the key up to Mister Gregory's?" asks the irreverent tippler of no one in particular. There being no reproving spirit by to animadvert upon the sacrilegious nature of the act, this elevated old party softly steals to the church and quietly proceeds to turn the key and lock the outer door, gasping meanwhile in the most alarming manner from behind his red bandanna. Having safely accomplished this, his unhallowed mirth knows no boundb, and, rolling spasmodically upon the ground in his paroxysms of laughter, the tightlycompressed handkerchief is at last forced from his mouth, and a noisy echoing shout pours forth upon the air. This relieves him, and to a certain extent alarms him too, for, cautiously picking himself up, he pursues his way towards Gregory's Gables, for the express purpose of leaving the accidentally-discovered key. "Did you hear that laughing jackass," observed Aunt Tingle, who was just in the midst of her seventh stanza,." its very late for them to be about in the scrub. I never heard one atthis hour before." " A Christmas reveller, I expect," said Mr. Trefusis, coming much nearer the truth in his guess than he imagined. Aunt Tingle made a vigorous attack upon the eighth and last verse, and Mr. Trefusis and Miss Swain proceeded to put the concluding touches to their work. The poem and the porch being finished about the same time, the candle of inspiration was blown out, and with one or two observations upon the job of sweeping there would be .for the charwoman next morning, the {)^rty turned to take a last gaze at the decorations as seen by the light of the young moon, and then made for the poich. " Bless me! how the door sticks," said Mr. Trefusis, as he gave it a vigorous tug, " it must be the heat," and he gave it yet another pull. "Good gracious, I bope we not locked in like the bride in the ' Mistletoe Bough,' " exclaimed Aunt Tangle. " Well, even if we should have met with such a catastrophe, there is not much probability ef our sharing that legendary lady's fate, for the charwoman is certain to be here early in the morning," philosophically observed the practical governess.' Harry Trefusis said nothing, but glanced at the windows, which were high and narrow, and tugged untinngly at the coor. At last a sudden inspiration seemed to strike him, and kneeling down he applied his eye to the key-hole. It was as he expected—the key had disappeared, and the door was undoubtedly locked. Turning round to bis companions, he with a comical expression of despair communicated this disagreeable fact to them; and glancing down at his own rotund proportious, and up at the extreme narrowness of the windows, he ruefully thought of supper-time, and came to the conclusion that they were locked in the church for the night. The first thought that naturally pass.ed through Harry Trefusis's mind was, " Are there . any other means of egress besides the door." A momentary glance around the building soon gave a negative answer to this mental ques tion. "Unfortunately," said he, "one very useful portion of my education has been sadly neglected, or I might be scientific enough to pick the lock. As for getting through one of the. windows, none of them open, excepting that long narrow one at the end of the church, and it would be an utter impossibility to squeeze my bulky frame through such a straitened passage as that affords." "Ah, well," coolly observed Miss Swain, "I suppose we are locked in for the night, so we n ay as well make the best of a bad bargain," and this philosophical young lady comfortably er sconced herself in the snuggest corner of the snuggest pew. Now, as it hath aforetime been hinted, Miss Tingle's classical proportions were decidedly prgular in their nature; in fact, the pertest Miss Purley White had more than once affirmed, in reference to this second Sappho's lack of graceful cor tour, that she was a "scraggy old skeleton." Without, however, presuming to cast so dreadful an imputation upon one of the gentler sex, I shall be quite safe in saying that Aunt Tingle was far from fat; in Bhort, not to put too fine a point upon it, was most lamentably bony and thin. What nature had denied her, however, the poetical old girl made up in art, and by the aid of fcundry mysterious feminine mechanical contrivances, and with the assistance of an immense crinoline, she made quite a respectable figure. i " Clara, dear," said she, " please come over here a minute, will you," and she blushiigly beckoned to the more stalwart and better developed Clara Swain. A whispered conference, I interrupted With broken ejaculations and modest giggles, immediately ensued. In about five minutes, during which period of time Mr. Trefusis softly . whistled a most melancholy chant and abstractedly fixed his attention upon a particular swallow's nest amongst the beams,- the confabulation came to a close. "Pray, excuse me, Mr. Trefusis," said Miss Tingle, " but could you—so very embarrassing—that is to say, would you, or rather— Really, Clara," and the poor la with modesty and blushes. The goodhumoured governess came to the rescue of her confused sister. Said she, with a merry twinkle in her eyes, " Since your inventive genius, Mr. Trefusis, has failed to discover a means by which we two.damsels may escape from durance vile; and since that, unlike a true knight, who should be capable of working wonders, you are content to sit down helplessly with us, Miss Tingle here has nobly volunteered to take the office properly belonging to yourself, and te be your liberator and mine from our unexpected imprisonment. Therefore, Sir"—and here the young lady's sang froid almost deserted her—" therefore you mast oblige us by turning your head the othes way; in fact, remember Lady Godiva and the punishment that fell upon Peeping Tom for his unholy curiosity, and don't dare to do so much as open your eyes until I give you leave." Poor Aunt Tingle! what could be the matter with her! The good old soul's face was suffused with blushes, and her whole demeanour betokened that she was in a state of confusion absolutely bordering upon distraction. Like a lamb, as Clara Swain, afterwards expressed it, Harry Trefusis, without another word of admonition, proceeded to do as he was bidden; but, although commanded to close his eyes, Miss Swain's orders did not deprive the .obedient young man of his sense of hearing, and he' could not but be aware that some mysterious rite was going on behind. First of all came a little scuffle, then a duet of smothered giggles, and, lastly; a smart clank l fs of some steel apparatus on the stony floor. " Now, Mr. Trefusis, you can look round." The young man complied, and saw before him the towering form of poor Miss Tingle denuded of its circumambient crinoline. "So very awkward, Mr. Trefusis, but will you? Oh! really,-Clara, I can't proceed. I, that is—really '."—and once again the young governess came to the rescue of her sister in distress. "Now, Sir," said she, "be polite enough to assist Miss Tingle through the window." "But, as no human being could squeeze through that: narrow place, it's a physical impossibility," replied the perplexed young man. " Never you mind, Sir, but do as you are bid. Now, Miss Tingle, here iB the chair. Mind, take my hand;, now one foot on the ledge. Ahj. that's all right. Come, Mr. Trefusis, exert yourself a little!" and so, with scraps of encouragement like-these, Miss Swain at last convinced the doubting knight that the egreEs of Aunt Tingle was a perfectly feasible feat. So narrow, however, was the passage, that it required a good deal of squeezing* even of the poetess's angular proportions, to effect an exit. At last, however, she sprang lightly on the sward outside. " Good night, Clara dear," said the good- natured old girl; "don't be alarmed; I will soon send Mr. Gregory back with the key;" and off she started on her journey through the scrub. Imagine the surprise and the consternation of Mr. Gregory when she arrived at Gregory's Gables with the story of the locking in, and found no key had been delivered at the house. " It's evidently some drunken spree," said the indignant Churchwarden. " But what on earth are we to do, John? Poor Clara and Harry Trefusis can't stay there all night and be starved." "Certainly not," returnedtbomaster of the. bouse. "I'll tell you what, I bad better ride across to Cumberland's; be, as Minister's Warden, keeps another key, jou know." "Tee, do dear; and while yon are getting the -horse rea^.y Aunt Tingle and I will pack up a basket of provisions," suggested hospitablyminded Mr?. Gregory. John Gregory, duly charged with encouragement and refreshment for the imprisoned pair, was Boon on his way tow ard s the chui ch. As he rode away from the front door that wicked little Mrs. Gregory remarked confidentially to Aunt Tingle that of course it was very annoying, but still she eould not help thinking it was undoubtedly the very best thing that could poBsiblv have happened;" whereupon, would you believe it ? that'deceitful scheming old maiden cheerfully acquiesced with the answer—" Yes, nothing could fcave come about more nicely." Nicely, indeed 1 The church was soon reached, and the provisions handed bit by bit through the narrow window. Mr. Gregory was overjoyed to find that the unfortunate young people had not up to that point swooned away with fear and exhaustion ; and admonishing them to pitch into tha eatables and drinkables, and to keep up their spirits, he rode on towards Cumberland's, some ten miles off. "Now for a particularly original picnic," said Harry Trefusis as he and Clara spread a white table-napkin upon the pew seat and arranged upon its snowy surface the contents of thoughtful little Mrs. Gregory's basket. First, a cold roost chicken, ~ then a new home-made loaf, then a golden-hued appetising little piece of cheese, then a tempting little pat of butter. then a pinch of salt, then a '/No!" said that acknowledged bon vivant Harry Trefusis. " No I Do my eyes deceive me ? It cannot be f And yet it is! it is!—a young green lettuee, and as I live a—a— violet." Then last of all a bottle of Simms's colonial ale and a bottle of Gilbert's oldest white wine. What fun it was cutting up the fowl with Harry Trefusis's pocketknife, for Mrs. Gregory in her haste had forgotten those adjuncts to a feast which the prejudices of society have rendered, so indispem-able. " This is the j oiliest piarty I was ever at, and the most enjoyable impromptu feed I •' can remember in the whole course of my chequered life," said the easily-satisfied knight, helping himself to a wing and pouring his companion in. captivity a glass of wine. Then filling np a goblet of Simms's, be lifted'it high overhead, and said with a very convivial and shamefully irreverent manner—" Tour health, Miss Swain, arid here's to our next merry meeting." After that the cool, self-possessed governess began to think it might have been as well had Mrs. Gregory omitted the beer from her petit souper, Time passed away, the feast was finished, and the fragments placed in the basket, but stUl no signs of Mr. Gregory and the long-expected key. By the light of the solitary tallow candle which had illuminated them at their meal, the patient prisoners practised tones upon the harmonium for quite another hour. Still no Mr. Gregory, and still no key. Then the poor lonely yoaag people sat in a pew and talked, and the candle burnt lower and lower, and flickered, and sank* and rose again in a fitful flame, and then went out; and they were all alone in the moonlight. "Are you tired, Miss Swain?'said the .smitten Harry. "Not very, thanks!" retained the strong-minded Clara, feeling ready to drop, bat too proud to own it. Mr. Trefusis was evidently afraid of the ghosts, for he drew a little closer to his companion. " Don't you fed sleepy, Miss Swain?" No answer. He drew still closer. " Would you like to rest your head upon my shoulder? I shouldn't mind it at all." No answer. He listened. Yes, the poor worn-out governess was asleep, and the daring young man. gently drew her head upon his arm, and—and felt supremely happy. Day was feet breaking over the hills when Mr.' Gregory' came with the key. He had ridden to Cumberland's, and finding him away from home at a party some six miles off bad followed him there, and.had been obliged to give his horse a rest before returning-on the homeward journey. On the first sound of a horse's hoofs Harry Trefusis had the taot to substitute a cushion for his shoulder and the sense to remove himself a particularly suspicious-looking distance from Miss Swain; therefore that lady on awaking was delighted to find it really was a cushion that supported her head and not a certain person's shoulder, as her dreams had somehow led her to believe. The journey hpme wa3 soon made. Mr.' Gregory and Harry Trefusis sat up for a cup o£ coffee and a cigar, and evidently indulged in a confidential talk, for as the latter said good night his friend returned with a smile, " Good night, old fellow, and good lack to your wooing." Poor Clara crept quietly up to her room, and fust as she was curling herself up in the cozy little bed Mrs. Gregory in her robe de ckami/re came rushing in, and, covering her with kisses, laughed, and eried, and said—"Oh, Clara!'.' and rushed as precipitantly out again. Next morning, or rather that morning, some four hours afterwards, there was uniunitei chaffing and jokiDg at the breakfast table over the two young people. Mr. Gregory, who oould not understand the disappearance of the key, hinted maliciously that it was all a plan to give him a thirty-mile midnight ride. Mrs. Gregory cast out more delicate and embarrassing insinuations, and Aunt Tingle came down in her spectacles and with her fingers dyed in ink, having been up since six o'clock writing a poem on the romantic theme of two lovers locked in a church. Just before service time a shock-headed lad, without a word or message of explanation, left; the lost key upon the . doorstep of Gregory's Gables, and incontinently ran away. This aofc only made the puzzle more difficult of solution: What necessity is there to tell of the christening? How John Gregory was the happiest father, and little Mrs. Gregory the proudest mother in the land, and how the baby was the admiration of the whole neighbourhood. One incident alone of all the day's proceedings I feel called upon to relate. As Hany Trefusis, Aunt Tingle, and Clara Swain walked up. the path towards ! the church a beery-looking individual,, who stood amongst. the .'crowd 'was suddenly so powerfully affected with- some amusingremhiiscence that he found it expedient to rfetire to the seclusion of the scrbb. Here an observant eye might hare seen him sfcuff a red bandanna in bis mouth, while a fine ear would have detected in sundry gasps and chuckles the sounds of smothered Earth. No! as I said before, I don't think it worth while to say anything about the Christmas and christening service in the church ^especially as there was a much more interesting ceremony some six months afterwards, when Harry Trefusis, bachelor of this parish, did take Clara Swain, spinster, to be his weddedwife, to have and to hold from that day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, t31 death them did part, and thereto did plight his troth. \- And thafs what came of Christmas Eve in a church. , THE BAPTIST OBGAK.—The January issue ©f Truth and Progress is to hand. • The Revs. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, and S. Fairey; of Gawler, have assumed the editorial pen for the ensuing period. . The contents, of the present number are varied and interesting; A seasonable New Tear's greeting is followed Dy a reflective paper entitled " Harvest Thoughts." In addition to the usual complement of extracts, denominational news from borne and abroad, notes of the month, and the "Children's Column," we notice a cordial communication from the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon addressed to the Rev. S. Fairey, of Gawler; also a letter which will prove acceptable to iriany readers, as it gives information regarding the Rev. Wilton Hack, sent just prior to his embarkation from Newcastle per the J. H. Jessen, for NagaskL He was then in good health. The magazine is creditably printed at Kapunda. We beg to call the attention of our readers to the three cases of Watches, Jewelleiy> kc. t ex Nubia, sold at a great sacrifice by Messrs. Townsend, Botting, & Co., and purchased by Mr. J. M. WKNDT, of Rundle-street. Although sold as damaged, no difference can be detected between the bulk of them and imported new goods, and therefore we consider this a very rare opportunity of securing really good articles at extremely low figures, 256wso 