GENERAL. THE EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual meeting of the Evangelical Alliance was held on Monday afternoon, May 11\. In the Lecture Hall of the Pirie-street Church. The Rev. W.P. Wells in the chair. After a hymn had beea sung, ths Bsv. J. Jeffehis, LL.B., engaged in prayer. The Cmaan—sssid —Among the many subject* which have occurred ta ma aa the theme of th j brief addreaa I have to-night to deliver, I have ■elected this s—The great want of the Church tn tbis age, and how to get it supplied ? Th* Church has many wants. For example—she wants greater spirituality of mind; for there ii _i her a aad degree of worldliness. She wanl s greater mnity; for we are a long way yet from ths trae unity of Christendom, viz, that union for which the Master prayed when He aaked that they all may bt one. Farther, aha wants greater zeal; for there is far too mud of I<M>di«r*-n eaae. And yet again, she wants greater enthusiasm for Christ. We have been taught to wish for more of the enthusiasm cf has—aity, which would indeed be good, bat I run persruded that greater onthnsiasm for Christ—the personal, living, sympathising, in teroeding, reigning, saving Jesus Christ— wo—l be even better. If I were asked what waa tbe great distinguishing feature cf the early Christians— that which constrain H them to duty, impelled them in ester prise, austained them in persecution, an I led them to victory—l ahoald say it was the > burning love for Jesus ; and more of this bun • ing love for Jesus is another of the wants « f ths Char— In oar tunes. Bat it is to none of theae that I refer when I apeak of " the gre. t —rant of theGhoichin this age." What I dj mean ia thia—a larger measure of tiie Spirit-* fafloenee, a FentooMtal baptism of tbe Hoi; Ohost. Thia la the want of the ministry ; this ia the waat of tiie eld—ship ; thia is tl> - want of tte members; thia ia a—good things i 1 one ; aa la _ti-«—ted by comparing our Lor I'j words as given by Matthew with similar wor.ls aa gin aa. by Luke. Ia Matthew it is—" If y., then, being evtl, know how to give good giiti onto year children, how much more ahall you.- Father which ia in heaven give good tilings to them thai ask 11—a," But when we turn t> Lake It is—" How much more ahall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit that aak Him.'' Let the Church have lhia gift of the Spirit — thia baptism of the Holy Ghost —in richer measure, ant ahe will aoon reach a higher standard, an { wield a mightier power, and win richer aaeces*. Bat how is this want to be supplied? We hav 1 only to look at the Church of Jerusalem on tl).; Day of Pentecost to learn that it must be as th • result of earnest, united, and persererio; prayer. "Their prayer was earnest. They cor: -tinned—l pray<er aael supplies'—en. But ferv. r ia prayer for this Messing can never exist wit!; eat a deep and all—oat overwhelming convi--tio:i ef the importance, the value, and the necessity of tte Spirit's influence. Would we be eoi> vineed ef thfa, let as look at tiie Apostles ai they waited for ita derwent. See them. Tne have everything they require for their work bat this oae thing. They are an enemy aurroaudin; the citadel they seek te demolish. They have their aworda in their hands, aad their banners are waving oa high. Tbey have their ean—on, their balls, their powder, aad every thing ia in order —everything ready. What wait they for? The fire. One almost wonder* that seme of them eoald wait ao long. On* wonders that Peter especially did. not commit i hiirace— Bat tiie —inmaad of the —ord was ao plain tiiey dare not move. Aud the result jest—ed their patience. The fire at length eame, aad glorious were the results. And, brethren, tiie world haa not changed, Christi anity haa aot changed, the Divine a—m—liatra tion has not a—aaged. If we would aee an—Uar results they must be accomplished by the aame means. Hence, our great waat is the Holy Cheat. Never ia the history of the wet— were there ao many enrolled ia the Oh—n_a army. Never was there mete of what mea wonld regard aa likely to prodaee a—{_osent results; and yet how little, aaaapaiatively speaking, is effected, and what is ear want? Hot the patronage or the rrabatdlee of •SovermnenU tiiat some of ua think weeaa de better withoat; not beau——temples; not girjalr— talent aad learning ta the ministry af the Ol—rah; not greater wealth and Influence in tiuilalltyef theCharch. Theae may be very good ta their plaoe, bat they are not onr great want; tbey are only the rr—munition, we want the fire—ihe Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven, fix. thia conviction aa with electric power in each of oar hoaoaie ; burn into as the thong——tiiat withoat thia everything else is aaoloas; aad, oh what ardor, what fervor, whit wrestling wul there be in ear prayer* for the promised gift. Bat their prayers were united aa well aa earnest. They continued with one accord. And if the Ohnrch woald prevail in bar prayers, she must be united now. And then their prayers were persevering They eetat—_d ia prayer —I the blessing eame. Oae great —rase of feebleness tn prayer is want of fait— We want to fix it tn oar minds that all wa aak la really premised and available. Let as be assured that Pente cost waa siot a gala day in the Ohnrch to be regarded as teamed with achievemeata never to be eeea again. No, it waa aa to ita apirilntl imtrfairtTriritln** a apec—oea day; aad if the Oba—ah had maintained her fidelity, her euro ■idea would have been filled with each days. B—n now, bete end there and now and then. •nth a day Is seen te ahow wha t we may expect, aad what we an an——wised to aak, and, not withstanding all onr ahar-teo—lings, there is maah ia ear times te encourage ns to expect greater things than oar eyes yet have seen. a—sy are the indications of tiu Spirit's readi neaa te oome at the call of tiie Chore—. Amongst the Jews r—ch a apirit of enquii—■ prevails in aome places aa was never known before. Heathenism u h^glr«_n- |to totter to —i fall, and is asking fat tight, ar———r?m«m is wa—ing and nar rowing our view to our own congregations in ttis land. There are scores wit—in them who require aot—ng bat a Pentecostal revival to bring them to Christ and to Has fold. O, for Chiiatiaia fidelity. In earnest, united, and per eoverirag prayer. Then ahaU the Spirit be poured ■pan ua from on high, and the wilderness shall become a fruitful field, aad the fruitful field be aa_tad for a forest; then ahall tbe feeblest amongst aa be aa David, the glory of the Lord abr—t—eaaonlarael, her righteonsnem ahaU go forth aa bright——as, end her —Ivatum ea a lamp -——bona*— The Liltd —iston it in His time. (Applams—) T— —UUr_ST (Bev. 3. MeEwiu) then read the tallowing report:—ln presenting their an—— report the Oommittee of the South aaatralian KnangeUoral Alliance have to express their thaiitfnlnraa that tbe past year baa pre sented ao few features that have called for the ape—si work of tbe alliance. For the object of this Aasorriatian is not to plant churehea, nor to carry on missions, nor to engage In aggressive work of any kind. Its object is defensive rather than offensive—to fester onion and brotherly love amongst the soldiers of the Cross, and to stand aa agurairdiaa of the walla of Zion, to re pair the breaches where they are broken down, and guard against the encroachments of the foe. While love abounds, while the walls axe secure, while tiie foe ia inactive, there is little work| for the Alliance. And thia haa to aome (extent been the eaae daring the peat year. A good deal of quiet work, however, has beea done. The annual meeting for 1873 waa held in the Stow School room oa Monday eveuing, 12th May. There was a goad attendance. The Bev. J. Jefferis, I—>B?, the President, occupied the chair, and gave a abort review of tile past year, and after the reports for the year had been read and adopted ; Introduced to the meeting the Presi dent elect, Bev. W. P. Wells, who then took the chair, and delivered ran interesting address on the duty of Christians to love one ano her. Bev. F. W. Oox gave an address on the Finan cial Law of Christ's Kingdom. Bev. J. Busk, ford and Bev. C. B. Symea also took part in the meeting. On the following Wed nesday, 14th may, an united Communion Service was held in St. Andrew's Church, which waa crowded with communicants, re presenting many denominations. The President of the Alliance (Bev. W. P. Wells) presided, and delivered an addreaa on the design of the Lard's Sapper, and the occasion was felt by many to be more than usually solemn and re freshing. Early in the year the Kev. T. Jasper Smyth, Cocieapondiriig Secretary, having re signed ta consequence of being suddenly called to r—gl.—■ the Bev. John —c_win, of Hind mar—l, waa elected to aupply the vacancy. The n—usters' monthly prayer meeting haa been regularly he— bull with a small and flostr—thig attendance, varying from two to eight or ten. It is felt that if this meeting is to justify ita existence—if it is to be successful anl pro fitable—it must receive heartier and more regular support from our ministerial brethren. One only of the ordinary quarterly prayer meet ings has been held—in Chalmers Church oa 19th November. There was a fair attendance, and the Bev. F. W. Cox delivered ran appropriate address. It waa deemed advisable by your Oommittee to Incorporate the prayer meeting, which should have been held in August, with a week of special meetings arranged for at that time in connection with the Alliance. The ob jeet of these meetin.s was to plead for ths out pouring of the holy spirit upon the Churches. They were held in the various places of wor ship in the city daring the week commendog August 13th. Short sermons were preached by the Revs. J. Henderson, F. W. Oox, J. Lyall. J. Bickf ord, O. Lake, and C. B. Symes. Tbe services were well attended, rand your Com mitter-, pray that the seed thus cast npon the waters may be found after many days. The third prayer meeting took the form of a thanks giving service, which was held in Flinders atreet Presbyterian Church on ISth February. Four Committee also invite the various Evan gelical Churches throughout the colony to unite in observing Sunday, 15th February, as a day of thanksgiving for the bountiful har vest, which was very generally done. In July last the attention of your Committee was directed by Bar. John Oolton to the abounding open immorality ia various parts of the city. After discussion it was resolved that a deputation from the Alliance wait on the Chief Secretary on 29th August, for the purpose of representing the matter, and seeking his aid to suppress it. The deputation, consisting of your Committee, together with several gentle men, who eoald speak from personal knowledge of the evil complained of, waa courteously re ceived by the Chief Secretary, who promised to move the police to the discharge ef their duty. Tour Committee have reason to believe that their action in this instance has not been with out good results. With this brief account of their rate wardship, and praying that the interest felt In thia Alliance and its objects may be deepened and widened, your Committee now replace their trust in your hands. The Bev. C. B. Suits, 8.A., said that there were many important matters to be considered in reference to the Sabbath. He believed that God had originally intended that man, rand, in fact, all living creatures, ahould rest oae day in seven, and they had chosen the first day of the week, because it waa on tbat day that Carist arose, and that the Holy Ghost descended npon the Apostles. He believed tte highest Idea of the day was Best. The bodily arad mental parts of human nature needed rest, rest to that part of th.6 nature which was most exercised during the other rnx days of the week; bnt it waa not only rest to humanity, but to tiie lower creation la*.ewise. The beasts of burden needed rest one day In seven, and were all the better for it. (Hear.) The Sab bath ahoald also be a day of joy and pleasure. There should be a nearness to God, in which | pleasure would be felt The day ahoald really be a day of joy and pleasure, even to those whose tastes were not so spiritual as they I could desire. Then It ahould be a day of plea sure to children. He felt that parenta might well lay themselves oat to make tte Lord's Day a day of pleasure fa the family life. He knew it was much easier to throw out suggestions than to practically work them out. (Hear, hear.) Still, if the parents tried what they could do, he believed they would succeed. He rejoiced that the Sabbath Day's literature for children bad made ao great an improvement of late years, (dear.) He then referred to the question of travelling on the Lords Day, saying that, though he did not think that aU travelling was absolutely wrong, be felt tiiat ttey ahoald not, if possible, cause their fellow-man to work on what ahould be a day of rest. He, there fore, deprecated the " exeunrioaising" tiiat waa being fostered en the Adelaide aad Gieeelr Railway line on Sunday afternoons. (Hear.) Then tiie claims ef friendahip were not ta be set aside, for, though he did not approve of tiie Sabbath being ntaie a day of fesating, he eertrainly did not ti—nk there wa* anything to be condemned fa a man enter, taining his friends who might live at too great a distance to be able to get to church. Nay, he even considered it his duty to do so. He trusted that tiie rest of the Sabbath might take its hue from that rest to which they aU were journeying. (Hear, hear.) The Kev. P. Maclabks then apoke upon '' The Eevival fa Edinburgh.*' The rev. gentle man having spoken of the spirit of revival which had manifested itself throughout Scot* land recently, and was according to last re ceived accounts still being continued, re ferred to Bdinburgh, where the excitement and enthusiasm were so intense that all the churches were crowded daily to overflowing, whilst the Corn Exchange, capable of holding 6,000 people, also failed to accommodate the mult—-odes whioh —embracing all classes of society, the wealthiest and the poorest, the most learned, and most ignorant—thronged to these special services. He believed the revival waa the outcome of earnest and faithful prayer. He then spoke of the labors of Messrs. ft—>ody and Ba—key in connection witt the revival, mentioning that the former, who was born in 18*7, ia America, and brought up in the Unitarian belief, at an early age entering an Evangelical Church, be came ao impressed at what he heard, ttat he at once took up the work of evangelization, sad, proceeding to Chicago, commenced hii labors by bringing to tte Sunday-school children be found in the streets. He subsequently caused each a revival that, having gathered around him ran immrase congregation, he was, upon the invitation of the Beva. Per—yfather and lie—ridge, induced to visit England with his coadjutor, Hr. Sankey, whom he had met in Pennsylvania. A number of stirring incidents were then narrated of the labors of theae revivalista in E—gland, and of their subsequent labors in Edinburgh, the rev. gentlemen concluding with the hope that a spirit of revival might manifest itself fa the Churehea throughout this colony. The Ta—subbb (Mr. O. W. Cotton) then read tiie financial state—tent, which showed a balance of £7 due to the Treasurer. The Bev. J. Bickfobd moved, and Mr. J. A. CuaBTTEK seconded, the adoption of tte report, which waa carried unanimously. The Or—rnhah than vacated his plaee to the Bev. J. Henderson, who had been elected to take the position of CJ—irr—an of tte AUiranse for tte cooning year. The Chairman elect waa then inducted into office, and returned his thanks for tte honor done him. The Bev. J—l—s Jeffs—s moved—" Thai the following gentlemen be the Office-bearers and Committee fer the ensuing year:—President, Bev. James Henderson ; Secretary, Bev. John McaVin ; Treaaurer. Mr. O. W. Cotton ; Oom mittee, Kev*. J. Bickford, W. L. Bi—ka. F. W. Coc, J. Davidson. J. Goodwin, Jas. Jefferis, O. Lake, Titos. Uoyd. rg. Head, P. Mel—ren, J. L. Parsons, G. W. PatchelL C B. Byrnes, aad W. P. Wells, and Messrs. W. O. Bulk. 3. Co—ra, J. Darting, A. Gore, J. D. Hill, O. Sanos, F. Hann. T. W. Harris, S. KcGregor, J. Smith, W. Rhodes Jas. Steele, Jas. Scott, 3\. Whitmore, and — S. Wigg, with power to add to their number.'* Mr. A. Gobs seconded the motion, which wis carried. The Doxotogy and Benediction then dosed tte proceedings. 