ROBERT AINSLEIGH. BV THE AL'THOR OF • L<ehj Audio/18ecrti" " Aurora Floyd" A*., <t-f, CHAPTER XXX. (coxTixtKD.) TREACHERY REOILI* ON THE TRAITOR. The next <lay brought us no further hint of tlie plot, tliongliwe had our spies on the watch for any indication of danger; and on the morinug of the 29th our English hero entered the city with an escort Jive huiultvd strong, ami roile at once to the palace that had been prepared for him. which, with its guidons, was spacious enough to accommodate all the troops. Here came Meeran to visit and welcome our conqueror, and immediately conducted him to Suraja Doulali's palace, where Meer Jaftier awaited his ally, surrounded by his officers of slat.-, and with all imaginable pomp ami splendour. To assist at such a scene seemed to me like a dream of the " Arabian lights," rather than one of life's realities ; and as 1 stood amongst the little knot of civilians, at a ix'sjKftful distance from the hero of the day. I could scarce convince myself that I was awake. The inusnud, or throne, was fixed in the hall of audience, and this seat of power Meer Jaftier avoided with somewhat demonstrative humility until Colonel Clivc, perceiving this, conducted him to the spot where it stood, and in a manner instilled him in liis royal office This done, he beckoned to me. and bade me sjK-ak to the great men in Persian, bidding them rejoice in the downfall of so black a tyrant as Suraja Doulah, and the elevation of so good a prince in liis stead. So here stood 1\. ]{<>bei t Ainsleigh, the waif and castaway of cruel Fortune, by the side of a throne, interpreting the desires of this modem king-maker, Robeit Clive ; and I could but think, as this great English soldier installed the Moorish usurper on the throne our arms liad won, it woidd have 1 ecu as easy for liim to have seated liiiuself there, a new Tamerlane, conqueror and ruler of thus Paradise of nations, Bengal,—a wealthy centre from which he might have extended liis power wide as the dominions of Auruugzebe. Sure I am that no such ambitious thought ever flashed across the brain of Robert Clive. From first to last he was a faithful servant of those obscure English trailers whom he called his honorable masters. The time came when he told them that the hour liad arrived in which they might sweep away the shadowy royalties that were supported only by their anus, and reign by themselves alone ; but of personal aggrandizement, or the brilliant possibilities of au independent career as ruler of those native forces he so well could wield, I am convinced he never thought. As an apostate to Leadenhall-strcet, he might have l>ecn the Caisar of this eastern world; as a faithful servant, he was the object of malignity and suspicion to the end of his days. On the day after this installation of Meer Jattier another meeting was held at the house of the Scits. Colonel Clive, Jaftier, Meeran, Roydoulub, Mr. Watts, Mi 1 . Scrafton, aud myself were all present; aud with us came Omichund, who had liasteued back to the city on hearing of our success, and who hung with fawning affection upon the steps of the Colonel, in Avliose favor the fond, deluded •wretch believed himself firmly established. Arrived at the banker's house, however, he found liiiuself excluded from the carpet where Clive aud the rest sat in conference, aud perforce withdrew to a distant seat, whence I saw him watch us with eager eyes throughout the council. All went smootldy. The treaties in English and Persic, were read; and after some little discussion it was agreed that onehalf of the money-stipulations should be paid immediately,—two-thirds of this lialf in coin, and the remaining third in jewels, plate, and effects, at a valuation,—and that the other lialf should be disclaimed in three annual instalments. This concluded, them remained nothing to do but to undeceive Omichund, whose looks I liad observed to grow more restless and eager as the conference proceeded, and whom, despite his falsehood, I could not but pity. Colonel Clive was the first to refer to this matter. " Oh, by the bye, Mr. Ainsleigh," be. said, looking suddenly up at mo as I stood behind my patron's seat, " there's Oiuiclnuid waiting yonder. Doubtless the poor wretch is eager to know his fate. You had best tell liim the truth." " Oh, sir," I exclaimed, " there is no task I would not sooner perform." " What, are youBO squeamish as that ? I thought you had better sense than to compassionate such a scoundrel.—Here, Scrafton, you can toll him." Mr. Scrafton bowed, and rose to do the Colonel's bidding, but with no willing air. It was indeed a task wliich no man could perforin without repugnance, however convinced of its necessity. He crossed the spacious chamber, we all following, towards the spot where Omichund was now standing, in an attitude of profoundest humility, yet with caper expectancy gleaming in his sliurp black eve*. Alas, poor wretch 1 he fancied we were coming to congratulate him on the wealth which the treatv assured him. ] am fain to confess that Mr. Scrafton fulfilled his mission somewhat awkwardly. For a few moments he stood silent, looking at the old Gentoo, and but too evidently cmliarrassod by his obnoxious task. Then with a clumsy abruptness he stammered out, in Hindoostauee,— » Omichund, the red paper is a trick. \ou are to have nothing." Never shall 1 forgot the awful effect of these words. For some moments the Gentoo stood transfixed, regarding us with a questioning stare, as if he sought to discover whether tliis abrupt announcement might not be some foolish joke, planned for the amusement of the English. Then, suddenly convinced by the seriousness of our countenances, he flung his arms aWe liis head with a sharp cry as uf mortal agony, and fell back senseless into the arms of liis attendants. "May I go with liim to his house, sir!" I asked of Mr. Watts, as they carried this martyr of disappointed avarice away to his palanquin. My patron nodded assent, and I hastened to accompany the dismal procession, for on my poor Tarn's account I was anxious to discover how the old man would bear the bitter blow, lie was taken to a luxurious chamber, shaded from tlie noontide heat, aud cooled by blinds which were k«*pt constantly watered. Here he was laid upon a pile of cushions, beside which I sat for several hours: but he remained in a kind of stujior during all that time, and when I left him there were yet no signs of improvement in his state. Juggernaut Sing, the husband of my Gentoo maid, came to look upon las lord, and standiug by the prostrate figure, pronounced a bitter invective against the English traitors who liad thus abused his confidence. I made no attempt to dispute witli this wretch, with whom hatred of the English was a sort of monomania, but quietly departed, convinced that I could liave no chance of seeing Tara while her tyrant husband was in the way. It was two days later than this that the tidings of Suraja Doulali's capture reached Muxadavad. The rowers of his boat, failing from fatigue, stopped in the night at Rai Mahal, where the wretched fugitive and his female companion had taken shelter in a deserted garden. Here he was discovered at daybreak by a man whom lie liad ill-treated at tliis very place more than a year ago, and who ran at once to Meer Jaffier's brother, a resident in the place, to betray his fallen persecutor. The cry of pursuit was instantly raised, the soldiers rushed to seize their victim, and hurried liim back to the capital, beguiling the tedium of the journey by the infliction of all imaginable insult and indignity upon their helpless charge. The unlucky wretch survived even this last ignominy, ami was brought at midnight to the palace, where he liad so lately played the despot, bound like a common felon, and trembling before, the usurper. I was told that Meer Jaftier seemed somewhat touched by this pitiable sight; and indeed it would liave been hard for humanity to behold unmoved a creature so fallen. Suraja Doulah humiliated himself to the dust before his enemy's feet, imploring for life, «ud life alone; and I think this scene can scarce fail to recall a picture in our own history, when Monmouth, a youth of about the age of this Indian prince, sued to his uucle, James the Second, for the bare privilege of existence. Both - James and Meer Jaffier refused the boon that might so safely have, been granted; both lived to forfeit the power which their inclement natures had abused. Whether the usurper was really moved by his helpless kinsman's humiliation, it is hard to say, so skilled in hypocrisy are these people. If he. were inclined to melt, there was one at hand who kuew not mercy,—Meeran, a youth of seventeen, who urged the instant slaughter of the fallen despot Meer Jaftier, apparently reluctant to adopt so severe a course, dismissed his late master to a convenient dungeon, and retired to take counsel of his officers. Some with a touch of humanity, argued against the murder of so mean a foe, and advised that tlie late Nabob should be allowed to end his days in the peaceful solitude of a prison; others, more anxious to flatter their new lord tlian to obey the dictates of compassion, agreed with Meeran that there could be no safety for the state wltile this wretch breathed. Jaftier wavered between these two opiuions, but expressed none himself, too cautious to betray a wish that lie would fain BEE realized without his bidding. Meeran in this critical situation road his father's mind aright, and -with tender solicitude urged hiin to retire to rest, assured that he, Meemn, would take care of the prisoner. "To this Jaflier assented, pretending to bo relieved by an assurance conveyed in worda of such doubtful meaning. Ho had no goancr departed than the woixl was given for daughter. A gang of ruffians buret into the dungeon %vhcre Suraja Poulah tremblingly awaited his doom. In au agony of terror he grovelled at the feet of his doouisiuen, imploring a brief reapiw ouly sufficient time to say his prayers, to perform his pious ablutions; but a jar of travel liapjicJiing to stand near, 0110 of the assassins flung it rudely over the victim, and thus gave the death-signal to his colleagues, who instantly set upon their 11111 existing quarry and hacked him piecemeal. His mangled remains were paraded through the city next morning upon au elephant I chanced to meet the dread procession, and never did these eyes look upon a more odious spectacle. It struck terror even to the hearts of an Oriental jM>pulace, accustomed as they arc to horrors, and an awful silence reigned that day tluoughout tlie city of Muxadavad. Thus violently was extinguished the Lamp of Riches, after having illuminated this woild for just twenty years. It was but a brief life in which to illustrate all the vices of man; hut I think Allavcidy's favorite had left few species of wickedness unexemplified in his short career. CHAPTER XXXI. I MAKE A STRANGE DISCOVERY, Amongst those who entered Muxadavad with the English troops was our prisoner of war, the French captain, Sinfray, whoso wounds proved to be very slight, and who was lodged in a large building near the liver used as an hospital for our own sick. Here he was detained a prisoner until Colonel Clive and his counsellors should decide what to do with liim. lie had small claim upon our kindness except the common claim of a brave soldier, for he and his little band had giveu us nearly iis much trouble as all the rest of the late Xabob's army. We heard about this time that Mr. Law, with a party of Frenchmen, liad advanced from Boglipore in response to Suraja lJoulah's summons, but liatl beeu stopped oil their way by a vague report of our victory at Plassey. liad they pushed 011 despite the ill news, they might have met and saved Suraja Doulali; but while they lingered irresolute, arrived the tidings of tlie tyrant's capture, on which they marched back to liehar, there to ally, themselves with Ramnarain, Vice-Nabob of the province, a Gentoo, and a notorious enemy of Meer Jaffier. Such au alliance, which tlireatened danger to the new Nabob, must needs lie distasteful to us; aud Colonel Clive was by no means disposed to regard Monsieur Sinfray with an indulgent eye. Tlie man's desperate valour in the defence of one post after another hail impressed me, even in tliat hour of confusion. 1 liad l>cheld with amazement the abnost superhuman activity of his movements, the demoniac fire of his eyes, as they flashed vivid lightnings on his assailants. Strangely had his imago haunted me as I saw him standing high above tlie crowd on the summit of an earthwork, waving a svvoid above liis head, and uiging his men with wild cries and frantic oaths. Some association of the past, some recollection vague as the memory of a dream, had flashed upon lue as I saw him thus. Yet what association could this man convey to my mind, wliat memory of mine could be linked with the image of this stranger ? The man's face had haunted me even in the busy days that succeeded our return to Muxadavad ; and I was at once startled and pleased when Mr. Watts entrusted me with a mission that would bring me into immediate contact with the stranger who had thus occupied mv 1 J thoughts. Monsieur Sinfray was to he released from the close confinement of the hospital, and be suftcrcd to do what he pleased with himself within the boundaries of the capital, provided lie were willing to give his parole against any attempt at escape. 1 was sent to act as interpreter for Captain Hanimcrton, one of the othceis m Olive's command, who went to announce this favor, and to exact the usual formalities; hut whose English prejudices luid hindered his acquirement of Monsieur Siufrav's native tongue. We found the Frenchman standing at an opeu window, gazing out 011 tlie broad r, V er and green expanse of rice- , ™ «• most impatient expression of countenauce. He was a man of from forty- , j f five to fifty years of age, tall, slim, muscular, and with a face which indicated a surprising 1 b activity of mind, He turned upon us suddenly as we entered the room h,s face lighted with animation, as if relieved by any interruption to the dismal monotony of his confinement. He invitedus om ot r" g lT elf0U a ^ opposite to ou own. I U all his movements I observed a kind of savage grace, which resembled rather tlio inborn dignity of an Arab chief than the inquired polish of a European gentleman. " I am glad to sec you," lie said in French. " The solitude and confinement of this place have almost driven iue wad. Great Heaven, what a fool aud a craven Bussy must be to let you English win so easy a victory, while lie dawdles in the Northern Circars! Had Dupleix remained in India, this could never have happened; I congratulate the French Government on the wisdom that recalled him.*' Ho kissed the tips of his fingers and waved them westward with a contemptuous motion. " What the deuce is the /rog-eating scoundrel jabbering!" asked my companion angrily, I took no notice of Monsieur Sinfray's rhapsody, but proceeded to explain our mission and my own office as interpreter to his military visitor. '•Tell lutu he can say wliat he has U> say in English," replied Monsieur Siufray, still in French. " I understand tliat language, but do not speak it" I interpreted this to Captain Hanimerton, who seemed to regard the fact as an almost incredible phenomenon. He consented, however, to address the prisoner in his own tongue and the parole was given and accepted with all due formality on both sides. This being done, Captain Hanimerton was iu liastc to IHJ gone. " Coine, Ainsleigh," he said, " I've half a dozen other duties to get through this morniug." I rose to follow liiiu, wit|i a parting bow to the Frenchman; but as I thus saluted M. Sinfiuv, I saw hiiu gazing upon ine with a fixed amazement tluit was most stiirtliug. " Ainsleigh !" he exclaimed, "do you call yourself Ainsleigh i" " I have the honor to l»ear that name," I replied, not without a faint blusli, for, JI las ! I knew not whether I had anv legal right to it. " Oh, come, I say," cried the Captain, " 1 must be off. 1 can't stay parley-vooing here all day." " Let me not detain your too courteous companion," said Monsieur Siufray; " but you Mr. Ainsleigh, lie good enough to remain with luc for a few minutes." " I am in 110 hurry to IMS gone, sir," I replied ; and I explained his desire to the Captain, who departed, leaving me tvte-it-tvte with M. Siufray, whose countenance seemed to grow every instaut mow familiar to me, and about whom there still hung tliat indefinable association which had attracted aud perplexed me even amid the tumult of battle. *'Ainsleigh! Aud your name is Ainsleigh !" he said, now addressing me in excellent English, though he liad but a few minutes before dcclaml himself unable to speak tliat language. "To what branch of the Aiusleighs do you belong I It is a good old name, aud no doubt the family tree has put out many a new bud since I lost count of its blossoming." I could not repress a movement of surprise at his English, which was exceptionally good. " You speak my language like an Englishman, Monsieur Siufray," I said. " That is quite possible," he answered with a smile. " I am of 110 nice, and of no nation ; a cosmopolitan, soldier of fortune, citizen of the world, what you will. But you do not answer my question. I had—well, a kind of interest in this Ainsleigh family many years ago. To which of them do you belong ?" " My grandfather was a Colonel Ainsleigh, who married Lady Susan »Soiucrton. My lather was their only son—Roderick." To my utter astonishment Monsieur .Sinfray burst into a loud laugh, then crossing the room suddcidy, he planted his liauds upou my shoulders, aud looked me iu the face with a more searching gaze than I think I liad ever encountered before. "Am I inad, or are you a rogue and a liar %" ho cried. " Roderick Ainsleigh's son! Do I hear aright ? You call yourself the son of Roderick Ainsleigh?" "I have never known any other name, sir." "Great heavens, can this be true? Yes, your face tells me tliat it is! You are au Ainsleigh!" "AND YOU?" I cried, overwhelmed by a sudden conviction. " 'Twas that I saw in your lace yonder, at Plassey, when you stood 011 the breastwork of tho tank fighting' as if possessed by a hundred devils ;—'twas that I saw—the likeness to a picture at Hauteville— the portrait of my lather. Oh, sir, you are "my kinsman. Tho word choices me. 1 thought myself quite alone in the world." I grasped his hand and kissed it passionately. Renegade, adventurer, whatever ho might be, it was with rapture I welcomed him to my affection. This foolish eagerness may well surprise those who boast a long list of blood-relations; but to me, for whom the) word " kindred" had been 110 more than an empty sound, tho revelation of any faiuily-tie was delightful. "Heavens, what a fool the boy is!" exclaiiuud my new-found kinsman, not without a touch of softness. " Aud you kUs my lmnd like a lover, aud offer me your honest young heart, and never stop to ask whether I am a scoundrel." " I cannot believe you that, sir; you are of my father's blood. And now pray tell me the tie between us. My father was au only sou, but Colonel Ainsleigh may have had brothers of whom I never heard. You must needs descend from one of them." " 'Sdeath, how fast the boy talks! I have not yet confessed myself an Ainsleigh. My name is Sangfroid, which you ignorant British corrupt into Sinfray ; and 1 am a captain in the service of his most Christian Majesty Louis the Fifteenth." " Xuy, sir, whatever name it may have suited your convenience to assume in your adopted country, you are by birth an Ainsleigh. It is written upon your face. Due allowance made for the difference in ages, you are tho image of my father, whom I knew only by his portrait at Hauteville." " His portrait at Hauteville," repeated my kinsman, with a wonderful softness of tone. " Did that still hang in the post of honour when you saw it!" " Alas 3 no, sir; it had been thrust out of sight long before I looked upon it But it seems you know Hauteville V' " I knew your father. You speak of him with a kind of tenderness. Have you any reason to love him!" " I have much reason to pity him, sir." " Ay, that is truly spoken ; for if ever evil Fortune disdhaiTged her bitterest storms 011 one ill-fated head, 'twas that of Roderick Ainsleigh." " Yes, sir, his life was a mistaken and unhappy one ; his fata most tragic." " His fate was tragical, was it ?" asked niv kinsman, with that eager look of scrutiny so natural to him. " I do not know the circumstances of his deatli." " He Wiis stabbed in a tavern brawl, sir, while my mother lay 011 her death-be<L It is tin; saddest story. The particular of his murder—for murder it doubtless was—were not known till a fortnight after the event." " How was he identified!" " Only by a letter addressed to my mother which was found upon hiiu. He lies in a nameless grave; but my cousin and benefactress, Lady Barbara Lestmnge, erected a small tablet to his memory in the Church of St. Ann, Solio," " She did that, did she! Barbara Lestrangc did that I Bless her for tliat tender liumauity ! she is a noble soul." " There is no purer spirit among the elect in heaven, sir. But, alas! she lives 110 more on earth." " Dead !" lie cried, with profound emotion. " Is Barbara dead ?" " She lias been dead some years. You knew her, sir I" "Yes, I knew and loved her—loved her passionately, truly, foolishly, jealously, unreasonably ; was loved bv her, aud forfeited her love; played fiist-and-loosc with high fortune ; was too proud to try to recover the affection my folly had forfeited ; went my own headstrong way and lost her; aud so deserved to bccomo the wretch tliat loss made mo Look you, Robert,—I am not good at mystifications,—your face is an honest one, and draws 1110 to you. The man who fell iu tliat tavern-brawl was not Roderick Ainsleigh. Your father gave his farewell letter to a low acquaintance, to carry to your mother; and having done this went to seek his fortune abroad, confiding the poor sick creature in Monk's Alley to Providence, which would do nothing for his pleading, aud yet might save so harmless an unfortunate as she. He went, and lor nigh a year Fate was against him; then came a gleam of sunshine. Fortune flung a handful of guineas into his lap, and he went back to the lodging where he had left his wife and child. Both were gone. The mother to tho graveyard, the child to a prosperous home, and honorable adoption by tho woman he, loved best in the world. He himself was thought to bo dead. What motive had he to proclaim himself among tho living ? His wife was gone beyond his help. His child was iu a better home, aud amongst more, powerful friends than he, who was at best an adventurer, could hop to give him. So Roderick Ainsleigh went back to France, an exile for life, took a strange name, and was lost among the crowd of absentees whom your Hanoverian dynasty had driven thither. Do yon understand mo now, Robert t" I was 011 my knees at his feet. " 1 do, father!" Ho bade me rise, and took me to his breast, iu a brief soldier-like embrace. "My only son!" he said. "What caul scorn to you but the basest of men ? Yet even when I went back to France I did not mean to desert you. If over Fortune liad favoured me, I should have reclaimed my own flesh and blood. Fortune never lias favored iue, or those 011 whose side 1 liavc fought I have lived; tluit is the most I can say for my pivspcritv," " Oil, sir," I cried, " to me it is tho truest, purest joy to find you ! 1 havo been so long alono in tho world, the sport of enemies so bitter. Let me not malign Providence: I have found friends and patrons, aud have been iu some ways favored by Fortune, But I will tell you niv story by-aud-by. Aud now, father, let iue ask you one question—it is of all questions nearest my heart. Bitter words have been flung at me—taunts that have stung me to the quick ; and though I have ever resented, I could not always gainsay tliem. Among the papers Lady Barbara found in Monk's Alley, there was no c,orlificate <»f my mother's marriage. Her stepson, Mr. Lestrangc, doubtless knew this fact, and has taken advantage of it to will me " "Stop!" exclaimed my father. "If he called you any foul name., or slandered your dead mother by so much as one reproachful word, he wits a liar. You are my legitimate son. When luy fortune was at its highest, a cliance acquaintance with old parson 1 lister threw me iu the way of his pretty daughter. I was scarce more than a hoy, and it was natural to me to pay a kind of court to every pretty woman who fell in my way. Miss Ixkster was rustic simplicity itself. She took mv compliments more seriously than I meaut them. Barliam was told of our acquaintance, and resented it; not by open jealousy, which would have brought about an explanation, but by haughty avoidance that galled my soul. Provoke*! by this, 1 paraded my admiration of Miss Lester, never meaning, so help inc Heaven ! that it should go beyond common gallantry. And thus matters went 011 until my uncle and I quarrelled, and I was banished eternally. Twas a year after this, when I had fallen into a state of the direst poverty, and was lying sick iu a low London lodginghouse, that Miss Lester, having heard by a strange accident of my condition, abandoned her borne and cauic to succour inc. It was a wilil and foolish act, doubtless, in the, opinion of the worldly-wise ; but if it were so, the angels who descend to comfort fallen man are wild and foolish. For several weeks I hovered betwixt life und death, and my faith fill Milly watched niv sick-bed. When I was strong enough to crawl out into the sunshine, I took her straight to an old City church, where we were married. Heaven knows what became of the certificate. It never struck me tluit the document could bo of use t<i any 0110. But oh ! Robert, how could you believe your father such a scoundrel as to betray the woman who trusted him?" " Your enemies and my own persuaded me to think ill of you, sir. Thank God, I wronged you! You can never comprehend what a burden you have lifted from my soul. Aud now, sir, command mv duty ; I aiu your son, aud obedient humble servant. Tell ine what I can do to prove my fidelity. It is hard that we should be fighting 011 opposite sides." " I shall never fight 011 your side, Robert; be sure of that; though I have little fcelin for or against your trading companies of cither nation. But for < »<!orgc of Hanover my sword shall never be drawn. I was with Charles Kdward Stuart through the campaign of '+5 and but for that fatal wavering of spirit which made him yield to evil counsel at Derby. 1 might now be serving liiiu at his court in Londou. Fortune favoured my escape after Culloden, where I fought as captain of a company. I was left among the dead upon that fatal field, aud woke at daybreak from a state of stupor to find my arm pierced by a bullet, and to crawl as best I might to the nearest shelter, a shepherd's cottage, where. I was taken good care of, and whence I departed, a mouth afterwards, iu the guise, of a travelling hawker. In this character I got hack to J'ranee, aud hero began my military career under Saxe, with such good fortune that 1 came to India several, years ago a corporal, and have since won my captaincy. I am a Jacobite to the core of my heart, Robert; and if ever Fortune favors me here, I shall send her golden finite to Rome. England has not seen the hist of her rightful king, though tho white horse of Hanover has ridden rampant over your liberties ibr the last twelve years. Do not think that the old loyal spirit is extinct there. I have friends at Home who write, me news of England." " English news that comes to you through Rome may scarcely be trustworthy, sir. It is pretty sure to take a .Jacobite flavour in that city." . " What., Robert, are you so determined a Whig?" " 1 have scavee any politics, sir. I liad my Jacobite fever, and survived it. I think it is a natural disease of youth, like measles, But 1 do not believe the English nation will ever again welcome an invader, let him come with what pretensions ho may. Tho age of adventure is past, sir, and we arc become a trading nation. We luivo too much to hazard by rebellion. Where idle townsmen and nibble turned out to welcome the Chevalier ami his Highlanders, looms are humming aud whirling, aud cotton-spinning. Be assured England's loyalty will never endanger her trade interests. Wc am a nation eager for peace, at any price, and value commercial prosperity above tlic divine right of kings." My father heard iue with a gloomy countenance. " You talk like a draper's apprentice, Robert," he said. " I belong to a trading company, sir; and I do not believe in the Stuarts. A man who could turn back at Derby was never created to govern a great nation. Imagine Cassar turning Iwck on the Roman side of the Rubicon, bidding bin legions recross tin; stream, becausc some weak-smiled counsellor assures him success in Rome is impossible. And you were in the struggle of'+5, sir ? I am proud to hear that, though 1 am no Jacobite." ' Yes, Robert, I came over with Charles Edward, and was through it alL I got a wound, sis I told you, at Culloden. Tliat disabled mo for mouths ; and I had my share of peril and haidsliip before I got back to France, which was henceforward in a manner my native country. I fought atFontcnoy, and iu many another skirmish, and only came to this country a year ago, after the recall of Dupleix. Sangfroid is a kind of uicknainc my comrades chose to bestow on me when I was a corporal, and I liave stuck to it ever since, for one name is as good as another for a man who lias neither kindred nor estate. Yet had you changed your name, Robert, tlic chances arc we should never have known each other. Father and son woidd liavc met, and passed on their several ways unconscious, and tlic voice of Nature would have said nothing." " Pardon me,, sir; Xature cried very sharply to iue when I saw vou defending the tank." And hereupon I described to him that strange emotion wliich had seized me in the moment of first beholding him, and had haunted me ever since, even amid scenes of excitement calculated to extinguish every common feeling. Then followed a loug conversation, in which my father opened his heart to me. I showed him Lady Barbara's picture, which he kissed and wept over. I told him mv own story, and the motives that urged my return to England; and when the history of the past had been related, I ventured to question him as to tlic future. " Are we but to meet and part, sir, like travellers journeying in opposite directions f" I asked. " Alas! yes, Robert; I must go where duty calls me." " And if I can persuade IUV friends to set you at liberty, you will rejoin M. Law}" " Yes, Robert, such woidd be my duty." " Ami if I accept the rank oH ensign in tho Company's service, which Colonel Clivc has promised ine—I was but a volunteer at Plassey—we may meet again as enemies." " It is the fatal chancc of our lives, Robert But why not remain in your present position, where vou are more likely to make a fortune?"' " I have acquired a taste for powder, sir, since Plassey;—and, there is something more honorable in military service than in the most trusted capacity a civil servant can occupy. Mr. Everaril Lestrangc might refuse to cross swords with a elcrk ; but lie cannot withhold satisfaction from a junior officer of Clive's. And I am bent on going back to England whenever I can obtain leave." " To fight Everard Lestrangc ?" " I think, sir, mine is a case iu which it would be worse than cowardice to forego revenge. " By Heaven, I believe you are right, Robert! That Everard Lestrangc is a consummate scoundrel, and I doubt his father is little hotter. 0 Barbara, my divinity, my angel, why didst thou threw thyself away upon a cold-blooded, time-serving diplomatist! And she i* dead ! (lood Cod, how ofteu in the darkness of tho, midnight luilt I havo conjured her image from the mist of a swamp, or tho smoke of a watch-fire, aud faucied her radiant, and smiling on me! Aud she is dead t ] u my farthest wanderings, iu my most despondent moments, I have always believed in the coming of a day when she and I would meet, hand to hand and heart to heart, with no cloud of pride or jealousy between us." " And you may yet so meet, sir, in a better world." "Hush, Robert! Am I fit for a better world?" There came a silence after this, duruig which my lather paced the room with ajwouwifui countenance. It needed 110 words i£f/iell; ine his thoughts had gone b^jc to the ii^ijb.*^»; Wo had been for some hours I knew not what lieed^lr. Watts ftiighfii&vo; bad of my services in the interval. I wee softly to depart and stood looking at my watch, when my father roused himself from that long reverie. "You are going to leave me. Rolwrt i* "Yes, sir; I am bound to return to my duties. But I wiU conn* back in a few hours ; and I will do my uttermost to procure your liberty. Yet I wish to Heaven you were in our own service. Do you set much value on your captaincy in tin; French army !" " It is all that forty-seven years of existence have earned for me, ltobcif ; ami again I tell you I would not enter the service of your Hanoverian Elector's brood. I have served iny rightful king, and am serving his friend and ally. Ye*, liis secret ally ; in spite of that shameful arrest the otlier day. which was but a sop to your Hanoverian Cerberus. I am too old to turn my coat" " And have vou no thought of returning to England!" " For what should I return 1" "To revisit the old scenes." To ii-vif.it the old scenes : Ho you think the sight of them could ever cause anything but bitterness of heart to me! The old scenes! Shall I go there to meet the ghost* of the dead, the phantom <»f my own youth f I did once revisit Hauteville." " On the night of your urn-leV funeral " What! was my vi-.it known !" he asked, surprised. " It was suspected ; Mr. Grimshaw tdd me as much. " Tony Grimshaw, a faithful .soul who was evef true to my interestsI»ut, Itobert, answer IDP this. When I heard Unit liarbara Lestrauge had carried you to Hauteville as the child of her adoption, I thought your fortune secured for life; for I knew her to 1H? rich, and generous as the sun itself. How IS it fix* left you unprovided for i" " I know not. She died intestate, and all her wealth went U> her huslmud. It is jwssible that, when I had 1M-.-it safely put out of the way, sl»<\- was taught to l*dieve me a villain, and for that reason destroyed any will in which she may have provided for me. Again, it is possible that death took her by surprise, ere she had considered the destination of her wealth; or she may have left a will, only to be destroyed by the agents uf my deadly foe." And then I told my father the history of the burglarious attack upon Hauteville. which, hapjK-ning within twenty-four hours of Lady Barbara's death, I had ever considered an inexplicable circumstance, tliat was likely to involve a deeper mystery than commonly belongs to such dee<U. "The occurrence at such a time was a strange coincidence," said my father; " yet it may have teen no more tlian a coincidence. The matter wiU lie worthy of investigation when you return to England." I mean to investigate it, sir. The possible loss of a fortune would affect me little; but I would fain fathom the uttermost depth of Jiverard Lestrange's iniquity." Soon after this I left my new-found father, with a most affectionate leave-taking ; but not till I had obtained his consent to Mr. Watts being admitted to the secret of our relationship. How novel were my feelings as I walked homeward after this strange interview! A lather found, whom I liad thought buried in an obscure grave six-and-twenty years ago— found, and to be lost again, perhaps, in a few days; since wliat possibility of frequent communion could there be between two soldiers of fortune in the sendee of different aud 1 friendly nations! Even tills meeting lacked the joy tlmt should have belonged to it. It was sweet enough in the present, but offered no promise of liappiuess in the future. To such a mere waif and stray as myself, life was but a tangle of broken threads, a story without plot or plan a labyrinth of petty winding ways tliat led I knew not whither. For me existence had no fair highway on which I might hope to meet my father again. Xor was his career a more settled one, The reckless spirit of the adventurer was stronger in lum than in lue; and he liad no sense of loss in his homeless, friendless state. On him the past liad lost all hold; aud tliat rudder of memory by which some men steer their course over life's troubled occan had by him been cast away, leaving him to drift upon his careless course, the veriest plaything of the wind and -waves. I told my story to Mr. Watts, who was at Police iwrprised and interested by so romantic an occurrence. "You are quite convinced this Captain Sangfroid is no other than Roderick Aiiisloigh/' life afikod, "and that you have not been made the subject of an imposture. V • ^ be for hnfdiioi)ut my father could be fami- ^ tlie cvfints of wldch this mail spoke lo-day, Truth lias a language of its own, sir, that the veriest blockhead understands. Kor do I depend ou words alone ; Nature has set her mark UJHMI us. I think, could you but see us together, you would have little doubt of our relationship." Upon tliis my kind patron promised tlwt he would do his utmost to secure the prisoners release ; a task which would be far from easy, since Clive was much provoked against the late Nabob's French contingent, who were thought to be fugitives from Chaudernagoft. by whose hands the English factory at Cassimbazar hail l.H-en burned and destroyed some short time before. I went on the same ilay to make inquiries alwut Omichund. whom 1 liad left in so piteous a condition. On entering the house he occupied when resident in this city, I was told that he was no 1 setter. Native doctors had been in attendance upon him for somedays and nights, aud an English surgeon sent by Colonel Cliv hvl al- • bs-.ni with him. I trigged to In? allow,-1 to sf-i- liiuu and the servants conducted iuo t - a room which I judy-d to K-i'<ng to the women's apartments, when; I found tho unhappy wretch sitting on the fl'^T. with Tarn standing over him, her hands < las}H*il. hei eves tixiil upon him with mouruful soli.-itudi. .Tuggernaut Sing was absent from the city, or I should assuredly liave been refused admittance t-< this chamber. The old manV countenance and attitude most pr-rfectly Hub- >die.l the idea of desjwir. I think, cuid David Garrick have sec-u him at this moment, th.- picture might liavc afforded some suggestion even to that great artist, who has pel haps little need to copy reality, having so profound an imagination from which to draw tin- correct image of every passion. I stood lost in the contemplation «»f that awful figure—the fixed and death-like countenance, in which the eyes alone seemed yet alive, aud these flashed a preternatural tire, an uuholy brightness, as of a spirit in hell —tlie attenuated hands lying open ou the trpct, the ]>alms upwards, the fingers slowly closing and opening even - moment, as if in the act of clutching that sordid dross for which this mi*an sold so hungered. Fur some minutes I gazed at him in silence : then, turning to Tara. I inquired how long he liad remained in this condition. " From the hour in which they brought hiui home, on thut miserable day. Ah. saheb, was it well to deceive the old mau 1 If he claimed too much, you could surely have refused his claim. Was it wise, or brave, or noble, to use him thus?" " State policy has cruel necessities, Tam : your grandfather threatened us." " Hut he would never liave fulfilled his thn-at His fortunes were lmund with yours. It was but an old man's foolish anger." " And the doctors can do nothing for him i" " Nothing, salieb. The mind has gone. Their medicines cannot bring that back. They come and gaze upon him, wuteh aud listen, and then leave us, shaking their heads mournfully. They give him medicines' to make him sleep ; but the relief of slumber is not granted to liim. His eves have never closed in sleep since, that day." " Is he always thus '{" "With but little change. He has never been his old self, not for one moment, since they brought him home. He talks sometimes to himself, not to us. His thoughts are always on the same subject." My eyes wen- upon lum as she told me this. Though we stood close to him, it was but too evident- our voices produced not the faintest impression upon his sense. The bony fingers still continued their unvarying motions, now spreading themselves wide, now clutched convulsively, as if they held the wealth of an umpire. Looking upon the old man thus, I was struck by something which I had not before observed, namely, the richness of his dress, which was such as I had never seen him wear before. The costliest embroideries of gold aud gems covered his loose robe ; his habitual skull-cap of greasy silk was exchanged for a jewelled head-dress which the proudest of India's rajahs might have worn at a royal wedding-feast; and wherever it was possible to place a jewel about the old man's dress, there shone a gem of imperial splendour. Nothing could liave been more ghastly tlian the contrast between this splendour of apparel and the cadaverous visage of the wearer. Idiotcy in its rags and crown of straw may present a deplorable picture; but madness in royal state has a surpassing awfulness not to be described. " Why have they decked him out with these gewgaws V I asked of Tara. " By his. own wish. He insisted upon wearing Ins richest robes, and would not rest until they were brought to him. We are but too glad to humor every wliim, in the hope of improving his condition." " He must have some fancy in connection with these robes," I said. " Yes, auswercd the girl, with a reproachful pare; "he fancies that the English liave kept their promises to him. You will hoar lum sav so presently, doubtless, for it is of that alone he talks. * He believes himself rich, and wears these garments as a token of his state." "And he U rich, Tarn; he must be a wealthv man without the exorbitant price he would Vain have exacted from the English for a fidelity which we had a right to expcct without 'payment. Your grandfather is still a rich man. He has obtained restitution of his losses at Calcutta, he has obtained the payment of moneys lent by him to the Rajah of* Punieah, and" I know not what hoards he snav not have besidvs. Why, those very jewels with which he lias decked himself arc worth a fortune. Are the English to^ blame because his greed of gain is insatiable T They an- to blame for having deluded him with a iklse j.niuise. They are to blame for this." she pointed at him with an expressive ;stun\ *as if she would have said, "O Eug- Lind. behold this wreck of humanity It is vour wcuk." At iliis moment the old man's eves rolled slowly towards me. and for the first time since I had enured the room he seemed conscious of my prcst-nee. Yes." he said, nodding at me with an idiotic smile : " the English are a just people. They keep faith—they keep faith: Omichund tru»t*d them, and he has hia reward, A wliisjwr. a look from him might have ruined all : for the Nabob's suspicions never slept. A look from Omichund might have been ruin and death to the Enidisli. But he was true : and they—they liave been true '." After this came a pause, during which he looked downward at a necklace of pearls and uncut emeralds that hung upon his hi-east. j The.se ruWs and jewels are not rich enough for a man of my wealth," he said ; j "they an* jmltry. Let me have embroidery | of <jold and diamonds only, rich as the Mogul wore when 1 K-lhi was ^nvat. What, you do • not know how rieh 1 am ! You cannot guess the reward thes.- English have given me. Crores of ru}H-es! Twas written in the sealed treaty. • 1 swear by <I«M], and the Prophet of Cod: f so runs the- Persian oath. I say it was in the treaty. I made them promise that, lest by some chance I should be cheated at the last. It was written on red papev, the color of the English blood tliat would liave been shed if the old (ientoo had turned traitor. Blood I could have floodi d the streets of Muxadavad with blood, had I betraved the English aud their allv, Meer Jaffier V' Tims lie rambled on at intervals as long as I remained with him, always harping on his wealth and the good faith of the English. I need scarce say tliat even' word gave me the keenest pain ; for whatever justification there may have been for the act that liad overthrown Oinichund's reason, this melancholy result was none the less to be deploreiL Strauge. that the massacre of his household should leave his intellect unimpaired, and the disappointment of his avarice reduce liim to idiotcy ! He was indeed a creature in whom the love of gold had ever been a passion but one step removed fVom madness. (To be aiiitiinu'tl.) 