A RICH PLAY-BILL. Apropos of theatrical matters. Fumbling over some old newspapers the other day, I lighted upon the following characteristic morceau relating to the condition of dramatic matters in Ireland threequarters of a century ago :— " By His Majesty's Company of Comedians, " Kilkenny Theatre Boyal. (The last night, because the company go to-morrow to Waterford.) " On Saturday, May 14, 1793, will he performed, by command of several respectable people in this learned metropolis, for the benefit of Mr. Kearns, " THE THM3EDY OF HAMLBT, " Originally written and composed by the celebrated Dan Hayes, of Limerick, and inserted in Shakespeare's works. " Hamlet, by Mr. Kearns (being his first appearance in that character), who, between the acts, will perform several solos on the patent bagpipes, which play two tunes at the same time. "Ophelia, by Mrs. Phin, who will introdue several favourite airs in character, particularly 'The Lass of Richmond Hill' and ' We'll be unhappy together,' from the Rev. Mr. Didbin's oddities. " The parts of the King and Queen, by direction of Rev. Father O'Callaghan, will be omitted as being too immoral for any Btage. " Polonius, the oomical Polition, by a young gentleman, being his first appearance in public. " The Ghost, the Grave-digger, and Laertes, by Mr. Sampson, the great London comedian. "The characters to be dressed in Boman shapes. To which will be added an interlude, in which will be introduced several sleight-of-hand tricks by Surveyor Hunt. " The whole to conclude with the farce of " MAHOMET THE IMPOSTBK. «' Mahomet Mr. Kearns. " Tickets to be had of Mr. Kearns, at the sign of the Goat's Beard, Castle Street. The value of the tickets, as usual, will be taken (if required) in candles, bacon, soap, butter, cheese, &c.;, as Mr. Kearns wishes in every particular to accommodate the public. " No persons whatever will be admitted into the boxes without shoes or stockings." The City of Melbourne takeB the next Cali-, fornian mail, and will proceed under the management oi the A.S.N. Company. 