FRIDAY—SEPT. 12 (Before the Police Magistrate and Mr Byrne.) John McNamara, of Landon Bridge, was summoned by Stephen Johnson, his hired shepherd, who complained that defendant had supplied him with insufficient and unwholesome food. Complainant, in support of his case, produced from a filthy bag two black- looking junks of corned beef, which upon being weighed, was found to turn the scale at 12lbs. He alleged it was given him for 20lbs, and that it was unwholesome. A witness (Whittaker) who had also been in defendant's employ, said the meat was badly bled, and he wouldn't eat it unless " hard up." He had to throw away a piece of the neck of the same carcase. The meat supplied before had always been wholesome. Defendant's answer, on oath, was—first, that complainant had his full ration of 20lbs; he saw it weighed, and delivered it himself; and secondly, that the meat was the same as he and his family were eating. It was enough to turn any meat bad to be kept in a filthy bag for eight or ten days. Case dismissed. Stephen Johnson was then charged with absconding from the hired service of his master, John McNamara, of London Bridge. The case arose out of the foregoing. The defendant was found guilty, and fined 2/., with costs of court. A rather remarkable discovery has been made by a correspondent of the Warrnambool Examiner, who writes: —" I was greatly surprised, as, in com- pany with a friend, I was walking on the beach, on that part of the coast line between Warrnambool and Belfast, known as Armstrong's Bay, to find hundreds of human bones lying about in all directions on the sand hummocks, a short distance from the beach. The deposit of these bones was not confined to a small area, but extended along the coast for miles. A great number of them were lying on the surface, ex- posed to the wind, sun, and rain ; others were partially embedded, while hundreds of them could easily be un- earthed by just merely kicking aside the loose and yielding sand. There they were—the bones of strong and evidently large-framed men, the bones of women, and the bones of small and delicately-formed children—from the youth to the smallest 'picanniny.' " It may be interesting just now to note that in May last, the Senate and Assembly, New York, passed—"An Act to secure to children the benefits of elementary education," the first section enacting that, "All parents and those who have the care of children shall in- struct them, or cause them to be in- structed in spelling, reading, writing, English grammar, geography, and arith- matic. And every parent, guardian, or other person having control or charge over any child between the ages of 8 and 14 years, shall cause such child to attend some public or private day school at least fourteen weeks in each year, eight weeks at least of which attendance shall be con- secutive, or to be instructed regularly at home at least fourteen weeks in each year in spelling, reading, writing, English grammar, geography and arithmetic, unless the physical or mental condition of the child is such as to render such attendance or instruc- tion inexpedient or impracticable. Few would have cared (says the Nar- rabri Herald) to lead the life Lawlor confesses to have lately led in the Nandewar Range scrubs. That in- dividual has stated that his life had become a perfect burden to him ; in every bush he feared the thief-taker ; in the sound of every broken stick, he thought he heard the approach of the police ; of every L20 he earned, L15 went to his friends and supporters ; in fact, as he says, he did not earn wages at his job, and was very glad when he found himself once more under lock and key. It is a pity that others do not find out, till it is often too late, how much easier and pleasanter it is, in the long run, to lead an honest life. On Wednesday (says the Singleton Argus) Miss Johnson and her nephew, a little boy, were placed in a perilous position whilst crossing the river. When the horse reached the middle of the stream he plunged wildly, and broke the traces and both shafts of the buggy, and then made for the bank, leaving the lady and her companion seated in the buggy in a most helpless condition. They were ultimately safely carried to the bank on a horse. The buggy was swept down the river. Strength for the Debilitated.—Thou- sands of Panaceas and Elixirs have been puffed into temporary celebrity since that paragon of vegetable cor- dials, the famous "Dew of the Alps" was introduced into Switzerland. For five hundred years it has been the fa- vourite tonic of her daring mountain- eers. They sip it as a solace when low-spirited, as a protection against miasma and sudden changes of tem- perature, as a cure for physical pros- tration, and as a general regulator and restorative in all ordinary ailments. It has outlived rivalry, and defies com- petition. Experience has proved that it is especially adapted to the climate of Australia. At the mines, on the large stations, and in all the cities, it is held in equal esteem, and the late importations, large as they have been, have not proved equal to the demand. Messrs M. Moss and Co., of Sydney are the wholesale agents for Australia.— Advt. Strengthen the Constitution.—The temporary "fillip to nature " given by a dram is of very brief duration, and always followed by injurious reaction. Only by a pure stimulant efficiently medicated can the weak and nervous invalid be really benefited. Udolphe RoFfW dramatic &CAiedass; Schapps is a stimulant of this description, and in its freedom of adulteration and the potency invigorating and regulating properties it stands alone. Its effects go deeper than mere symptoms. It reforms a morbid habit of body and beneficially affects the constitution it- self, while as a cure for dyspepsia and its kindred complaints, it has no equal. Advt. The Dubbo Dispatch states that the particulars of which may very justly be called a brutal and diabolical crime have come under our notice. An in- telligent blackfellow named Peacock recently brought from the Illawarra district a young black girl, who has been educated, and is anything but ignorant. She was very badly treated by the man, and left him and went to service at Curbin. After she had been in her employment some weeks, Pea- cock came to the hotel, and forced her to leave with. He had two horses in the bush a short distance off, and mak- ing the girl mount one, he got on the other, and they rode off to Gilgandra, where they stopped for a day or two. Then Peacock took the woman to the camp of some carpenters, working near Gilgandra, and at night, after upbraid- ing her for leaving him and going to service, the brute deliberatly threw the poor girl on a big fire, swearing he would "roast her like a 'possum." The shrieks of the unfortunate brought to her aid one of the carpenters, and she was dragged from the fire, but not before her hands, face, and body were terribly burnt. She came to Dubbo, and was admitted by Dr Tibbits, into the hospital. Information of the out- rage having been given to sergeant Wallings, he immediately arrested Peacock (who, by the way, is engaged presently in the prosecution of an American black, named Smith, for horse-stealing). Peacock was brought up at the Police Court on Tuesday last, and remanded for eight days. He has already served a sentence of five years. "Ægles" of the Australasian is guilty of penning the following:—It is the fashion for sound constitutions to laugh at physic. The sick man surrenders at discretion. To him the doctor is the deus ex machina who must cure. If he can't, the failure is the fault of the doctor. A cynical fellow afficted with his first ailment went into the shop of a Melbourne chemist, whom he knew very well—" Is that a good prescription ?" The chemist looked at it and said, "I don't know your complaint—I can't tell." Pro- ducing another prescription the visitor said, "Well, is this a good one?" "I can only tell you us before—that unless I knew what was the matter, I could not offer an opinion." Pulling out a third, said the ecentrio :vletuai dinarian," What do you think of thati one? Of course, you won't )tell- me.i But answer this - Are they. at all alike ?" "Certainly not," said- the· chemist. "I thought not. You set1 to be quite sure, I went to'three doctors this morning, and told them my symp toms in precisely the same. words. I got a prescription from each. - [Now,; look'here, old fellow, you just make up the nne you think will do me the least .harm." . " . a gentleman ad dicted to, greyjbonnds got into. the South Yarra train the other day. One of his dogs attempted to follow him, and he peremptorily forbede the intru sion: -A young lady was just entering the railway carriage as my friend, with. the emphatic accent of command, said, "Go back. Sal. You m?strn' come in here." " Well,1I'm sure," said the lady, as she retreated, astonished at the rude.' ness of one of the most polite men ina, the world. A remarkable instance of a man immediately before death having a presentiment of his fate without any, apparent reason' occurred (says the Melbourne Argus) at the Benevolent, Asylum. 'An inmate named John Mel rose, when speaking to the doctor, said,, ".I think I will go upstairs and lie down on my bed and die." He went up to his room, sat on the bed, and in a: few moments fell back and died. He' was 74 years old, and the.cause' of death was reported to be old age and. dyssentry. Mr Delaney, editor of the grawk- r bury Times, was knocked down and robbed by two rifliums in York-street, on Saturday evening,, at about 7 o'clock. One of the men struck Mr, Delaney a violent blow on the side of the head, and as he lay on the side walk put his hand in his pocket, and took out money to the amount of L5, and a gold pencil-ease and penholder. Information was given to the police, with a description of the pencil.case, which may be the means of detecting the misoreants. We notice that parliament has beesa further prorogued till the 8rd of No vember, then to meet for the despatch of business. It was understood to be the intention of the Government to convene the Parliament.at the end of this month; but the instruditions to his Excelloeansy the Governor, from the Imperial Government, to proceed to Fiji, have, it is said, indued Miidtens to postpone the meeting of JPall amea% as they were aunwilling to' allow any cireumstance to interfere wihth the aneessful accoomplishment of, the ob ject which temporarily esuses his Ex eelleney's absence from the colony. New Zealand.-UVia Melburns.J- Tuesday.-? News asir bies ireceived from New Zealand to the 81st August. Parliament was prorogaad on that day. -A farewell basquet to the Governor was given at Wellington, on the 28tlih He said he had misgivings about'r - signing. If he should regain a seat in the House of Commonsor elsewhere, he should always feel oan interest in the oolonies. He predieted a g?eat future for New Zealand.--A?dynamlite explosion ooeurred on a section ofl the Dunedin and Moeraki Railway reo man was blown to atoms ind. two are injured.-A furious gale has oocured at Lyttelton. It damaged thyharbeur works.-Dr. Pollen, in the House, said he had beeni invited by Now Bouth Wales to,join in a temporary mail ps?viae, but.the arrangements.werse - imperfect that the' Government thought it'liettir,to stand alide for the present. It was'the, "im tion of the G'overn- P ment, at thb'earliest opporanity, to t1 make arrangmesnts for a permanent -t service.. " t AN accident happened near Wagga ti Waggs by *hieh a man named Davis p suffered a serious loss. We learn from the Adoerliser that he was driving A his own team of five horses, and also g a team belonging to W. Hamlin, of the o Cross Roads. On approaching the b lagoon at this side of the Dew-drop Inn p Davis, instead of going round the water I (which was very high in consequence w of the river flood), faced his own horses I to cross about fifty yards from where fi be might have got round, and left t them to go on without other guidance i than his voice, whilst he looked after a the larger team. Before his horses had reached the middle they were com- t pelled to swim, but were so impeded i an their struggles by the dray and b loading that escape was out of the question, sad in less than five minutes the whole five were drowned.":' Davis had not long purchased his teem, and f the purchase money, over £100, was the result of some years' savings. SWa (Empire) are informed that, last t week, the executors of the late Mr Moffitt paid to the undermentioned charitable institutions the legacies left to them by his will namely, L250 to c each of the following:-Benevolent Asylum, Asylum for t'he Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, Sydney Ragged Schools, Sydney Infirmary, and the Randwick Asylum for Destitute Child ren-in' all L1250. We understand that Mr Moffitt left personal property I t6 the amount of L230,000, and that L2300 has been paid on it as legacy duty. His real property is' valued at nearly the same amount-say. some what under half a million sterlinig in the Awhole. 'ino Hon. 'Saul Saumuel, `Posmaster General of New South Waled; being desirous '(says the r. M. 1Herald) of affording the public every opportunity of inspecting the splendid and com modius pile of building just completed, in which the business of his depart. anent is to be in future 'carried on, made arrangements by which those desirous of doing so could examine the building. aend also witness the interest ing works of art exhibited at the con eersaione. given by him .on Tuesday -evening.... Large numbers of persons, .accordingly, availed themselves of the privilege both on Thursday and Fri .day. ..On Thursday afternoon, during the time the .building was open, there were, fully as many present as the spacious edifice could comfortably con tain; and it was equally well thronged on Friday afternoon. In the evening, however, visitors poured in from all 'quar ers of the city and suburbs, to such an gtors6 "h.." agv-e wa, wass inrly bloekesd from lHunter-street to King-streetalso was eqtrally crowded 'Towards 8 o'elook, the building was litierally full'to overflowing; yet still the crush outside was something un precedenled. Women were shrieking an'd'fainting on the steps leading to the entrance, and the officials whose duty it was to take the tickets from those who entered were rushed to such an ,extent that they had to retreat and, .close the doors, leaving many thou sands outside unable to gain an en trance.? It is estimated that fully 'seven to eight thousand people were in the building at one time, and When some of' these had sated their curiosity with the objects of interest inside, and retired, others were admitted, and yet large crowds were unavoidably disap pointed. - The Empire adds:- The telegraph lines are now at work in the Post-office building, and all messages, though as yet received in the old office, are transmitted from there. The work o f " cutting away," and shifting the ponneotion, was successfully performed 'without any hitch whatever. The Telegraph department at the new office will' be ope fed for busine*-on Sstur. day next. We notice that in the new General Post-office there is a room set, wpart for female operators on the third floor of the building. The Shoalkaven News reports that a few: days ago while some workmen were lowering a. wall-plate at Mr David iBerry's, Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting' improv.ments, they were startled by a shower of loose sovereigns, which, we understand, were all of the old.. English stamp, and when.picked up' were found greatly to exceed a Sthousand in number. It is conjectured that they must, years ago, have been placed there by one or other of the late, members of Mr Borry's family, and were probably forgotten. " A"" h:ooM woman,'a Mrs Love, the wife of a shepherd near Branga Park, Arm S iaale, left.,her home one evening in * search of some cows wandered far away from any habitation'. and lost herself in the bush.. Her friends searched for her in all directions and found her 'next morning, allibut frozen, and show ing that the terrible weather she had I been' exposed to had proved too mucho ' "for her deliecate frame. Though every "thing was done to restore animation, Sshe died the same morning.-Eprea. S':'At a meeting of the creditors of the American and Australian Steamship Company, held at Greville's rooms, it wanidaeided to entr to to Mr Bhepperd sroliocitor, the task of effeting a legal sibttlbmbas.'. . . ' - -' "? Po0ao, CHAINa.-We understand that senior;-eonstable Irwia, of Bun gendore, and formerly of Norrigundah, lha been appointed to succeed senior "sergeant Duay in Braidwood, and that aseneior- onstable Stafford, of Little River, will be removed to Bungendore. -.;Br'ifdeood Diapatch. 'The Presbyterians of Dungog have purehased a residence for the Rev. J. Sibsen.. Handsome aubsoeriptionswere keived. , At a meeting of the society for the at Prevention of O-uelty to' animals, held wi this weeks it was stated, by the secre- he -tary that there were. no- less than in twenty-three complaints of the cruel ob treatment of the ponies ridden by the ye polo-players at Moore Park. to From time to time we (SAoalhaven as Nrews) have reeeived startling intelli- at gence from Bamerang, anent a ghost, - or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to 'be carried away by idle fancies. Mr Robert Williams who has but recently gone to.reside' at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faith ful watchdog driven mad;, and his whole household 'routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. On Tues day night William's family were star tied by what seemed to,be a man walk ing up and down the verandah with heavy nailed boots . The dog, who appears to have heard, the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause: of it, was : rushing about in , a; most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a.desperate spring at the intruder, but fnally gave up the contest in sullen silenee. The ghost in defiance of all "locks, bolts, and , bars," entered the. house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr and Mrs Williams were lying and pulled the bedclothes off the bed, aid lay down beside Williams,, who, how ever, could feel nothing when he put his hand to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was 'a cross.cut saw standing, which souni ded several times as if beating time to' music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state 4for some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that he has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamer ang, and challenges all unbelievers to. go and stop at.his house and judge for themselves. Other persons as we'have said before, have reported to have seen; similar apparitions in' the localities, and one gentleman, 'well' known 'in the district, who residedin Bamarang saw,,or will swear that he saw, a low set man, with a manila hat on, dressed. in moleskin trousers, and a blue guerun soy shirt carrying an axe over his shoul der, enter his bedroom 'and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was or what he wanted, 'foumid that the supposed man' was only a ih'a; dow. It is asserted by the very old, hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered in I the locality many years ago. SPentridge Stockade was broken into by burglars on Sunday morning. - An entrance was effcted through the iron gate of a wanto.townr, the look having been .'forced. Thence the burglars reached the tower and descended inside the prison, a depth of twenty feet, by 1 means of ropes. Having landed inside the 'prison, they proceeded to the super J intendent's office, breaking the lock to effect an entrance. The burglars broke open one of two iron. safes containing a nioney'and'papers, and'then decamped unseen. The risk of the daring rob 1, bers was doubly great, as thby were liable to be shot by .wa'rders if dis . covered . We?learj fj?pa the eoulburn Herald that the b?otbpof the..lamented 'Mr R. H. Blatobo1gdq.was taken from his late residencein Cplifford-street punctually I at 8 o'clook on Monday, and brought t to the Wesleyan Church. Whilst it was being carried in, the solemn strains s of the organ :pealed. forth the Dead March in Say. The. pulpit and organ wore draped in black, and within the building was a large concourse of people. 'The beautiful and impressive burial a service of the' Church' of England was I read by the Rev: W. J. K. Piddington' and singing of the 42nd hymn, Thee we Adore, Eternal Name, brought this portion of the service to an end. The body was then taken from the church t and followed by at least seven hundred I people, and fifty vehicles, to the Wes-; leyan .cemetery, where the conolud-. a ing portion of the service was read, and the, body consigned to the earth. At the Central Police Court last' s Thqrsday, a ease of great brutality to a a child was heard in the Summons Court. , Elisabeth Derrick summoned Hannah, SFarrelly for a breach of the Act deal I ing with the apprentices from Rand-' a wick Asylum. Alexander M'Kaysaid a he went to Parrelly's place and found a 'the girl's clothing ragged, 'her hair e matted, no shooes,or stockings on, her r, feet very dirty, her hands were 'hap ped; her right ankle appeared to. be oe dislocated. Elizabeth Derrick, a girl \- of 16 years of ago,, deposed that Mr n Farrelly, before the court was her uy asater, and she had lived with him I about three years, and was apprenticed ir to him from the Randwick Asylum; r he is married and keeps a dairy; she r. used to washb, drag water, do all the d hard work of the 'house, and go for the i cows night and morning; and if she r cauld not get them leg-roped quick m, enough, Farrelly would tie the. rope . which wa on the cow's leg round her e neck and then round the post; shbe p suffered very much from this when the it cows kicked, and was often kicked by d the cows and knocked down ; after the 1 cows woere milked she had to carry twenty buckets of water to fill a large d tub, with two buckets, and Mrs Far a relly would often throw out the water i, and make her keep on filling them till r- Farrelly eame home; she' did not at always get bei breakfast, pomsetimes le nothing the whole day, sxbept what e. she picked off the ground, and often ran to take bread from the fowls, for re which she was kicked by Farrelly :she J. had seen food thrown to the dogs and re tried to get it, but was prevented; she had been kept without food folr two days; she never took her elothes of, at night, but slept in them to keep her , warm, as she had no bed-clothes; she I had worn the same clothes she wore in Randwiok all the time; she did not change her clothes during the past year for want of others ; she bad cried to get back to the Asylum again, be cause she i ad to be a slave. The case stands adjourned. 