FORTY HOURS IN MELBOURNE. With a pair of sound legs, Mr Editor, and a few threepenny and sixpenny pieces in your pocket, the "harvest of a quiet eye,” during forty hours in Mel bourne, may be the garnering of a good few things, even after subtracting the hours devoted to sleep.; I reached Melbourne at half-past three one day/ andln another half-hour was among the ships, at Sandridge Pier. In another half-hour 1-waa passing the Hifle Butts on myway to St. Hilda, the guardian. of. the place lowering his flag, and the riflemen ceasing from firing in honor of my march along the beach. Back by rail, as the sun. sank below-the hills about the Werribee imd lcffc behind a shoal of rose tipped clouds, in shape and pattern like the wing of an Assyrian bull,'but inexpressibly glorious and beautiful. It seemed, the pinions of a eod/frilly, and the liue of‘royal progress right grandly" marked. Prom the heavens to the earth, for the trahrand railway guards are emphatically real and unpoetioal. To Watson’s Star hotel, in Swanston street; ‘where the guest meets with ..courtesy, hoprely quiet life, . and perfect cleanli ness. After tea to the opera-house, to hear the “great artiste,” as the Melbourne papers call Madame God dard; ■ I‘went early, and' I had-to wait a-half-hour or more before the curtain rose, during which time one studies his programme and the audience. At length the curtain arose and disclosed two grand pianos oh the stage, one ticketed “ Broadwood.” Mesdames Cutter and Smythe, and'Messrs'Susini and Beaumont are the vocalists, and Messrs Hill and Montagu the instru mentalists, who assist in' the concert. Mr Hill is a violinist, and Mr Montagu a violoncello player. The singers are all-■ well known "to’-fame;-and'-’.’call ior.no special remark._ Mr Hill, one of whom Sydney was not worthy, .is so good, a violinist that there was nothing in. the concert I liked better. The introductory items in the programme— introductory, that is, to the “ great artiste,’ ’—having been disposed of, two stage assistants dressed as flunkeys, one iu scarlet and one in a salmon-colored coat, come to the Broadwood piano. One opens the large top, the other adjusts the book-stand at the : key board. The cushioned seat that had been set for the player was removed and an ordinary cane chair put in its place, upon which a pile of books raises the seat to the artiste’s liking. Then the artiste appears, led in by a Mr Gueunett, who had been accompanying the siugora on the other piano, and who takes: his seat beside Madame 1 Goddard. Madame, who is dressed hi maize- colored silk and some kind ' of white trim ming, looks as handsome as the pictures of her which we see about the streets. She has a flue presence, and bows in a somewhat stately manner her acknow ledgments of the welcome greeting which her appear ance calls forth.. The whole house is hushed as she takes her seat, the attendant cavalier adjusts her music-book; and Madame Goddard rapidly runs her fingers along the finger-board for a preliminary, touch of the instrument upon which she is to discourse such' eloquent music. The “ Moonlight Sonata ” and some adaptations from “ liule Britanniaand “ God save the' Queen” were the more, notable things played by Madame Goddard on ■ the ' occasion. I think Heller as striking as Madame Goddard in bis wonderful manipulation of the piano, but T'think there are delicate reaches of touch and a more subtle, revelation of artistic sympathy in Madame Goddard’s play. Heller, I believe, had a good musical education, and he is very showy and brilliant, and,,l think it probable that in an ordinary audience as many would vote for Heller as for, Madame Goddard, although; ; to the higher class of musical students, Madame Goddard may, supply; such music as ..neither .Heller. could furnish—nor the common run of auditors adequately appreciate. It was something to bear" what has been called “the best pianist in the world.” As I listened to the varied expressions of touch, to: the scarcely audible yet .clearly distinct notes of the softest passages of the sonato, to the rapid rush of louder harmony, in which the whole compass-of the piano seemed to be brought into play, I imagined that what I heard was excellent music, and produced'with much more ease and-absence of gymha'stic display than have sometimes accompanied the efforts of less notable performers. • Fine art is the phrase!. The highest reaches are most ratified, and only accessible to highest cultivation in either performer.or auditor. Delicacy-of discrimination is the. trait which makes perfection. In this way the Melbourne critic,-' with a sweet touch beyond the issues of provincial souls, associates Goddard with a' “ Tenia coh 'variazione,”- and Claus with a “ theme with variations.” • Hence away to the Press Gallery of ; the ai liegislativo Assembly. The House is in committee. -^One-gentle man is extended, hist asleep, upon the back seat of the reporters’ gallery; one of the editorial staff of one of the morning papers" is wateh ing ‘proceedings in the ’ -Hooke,- the- Hansard ’and the daily paper ■ representatives are fitfully- taking notes. The House is not half, full, .for -I count only five and twenty members present,-and,.the: Speaker’s and strangers’galleries nearly empty. Hot a single member for either Ballarat West or Bast orGrenville is visible.; Mr Wobds, the 'member for Cro.vy Ir.ijiJsi'.is talk ing vigorously at Mr Sjeryicp about oaudles and iron pipes. : When hacks dqwn, Mr Service says some thing in reply, and Mr Bent gets up -and talks, about iron pipes and a mythical gas company at Brighton. Mr 'Gillies’ walks out of the House,' and one of the clerks of the Assembly, stalks : away, to the, ministerial ultima {hale where Mr Higinbo.iharq, -ths - paiu; the patriotic, the pyer-figlitable, is oonning . over some papers—Mr Lalor by his side.' r Two or-three other members. drone away at short intervals- about iron pipes and protection to native industry, and Mr Jones, the member for Ballarat West, has' by this time taUoq his seat, and Mr Janjes, the megjbey f°. r Ballarat East, ipalipe Ips appearaqcp ip ' sbo' miuisteyiql 2 colrqey.' Major Smith' eqoij' ij'ppeays alongside his western cob league on ibpQppositi'oq. benqhes; • My fopes is icaon qn bis feet in reply to gome immaterial" member, of wjjom, ha. asks , the question whether everybody is supposed, to.be a fool dr hot, .capable, or otherwise of managing his' own business and of buying in the ; cheapest market without being'guided’ thereto 'by the wisdom of a protective Government., A .little more 4rp,hmgan4 tljea hroneof plerhs of Vfie jfausp gets q motjqn qnejer. way, and up starts Mr Lang '■ton from the remotest corner .on the-Opposition side of the House, starts tip lie a-black sjoectreand inti mates that he: wishes the matter;to.,be ,bield : over. - Thereupon: comes a motion fpr adjournment—the House adjourns; the'sergeant-at-arms-lifts up the ipgbp' ffoqj jts previously, diill scene .is,over!SVe’ go.out,iinto,the street, i One , of the recording j angels of Parliamen t goes with me down'Bourke" street, and the tide of Melbourne life is ebbing as the midnight hours draw on, and as the ebb.goes !.6n theVetiriogChours jseem ;to leave more! filth and all unpleasant things behind. The streets are still bright with gas, and although the _pure stars .of heaven can beseeti the tainted air seemsdo reek to the moral sense with the horrible ‘miasma which make up “the sin; of great cities.” The foptpatha,awarm w/th prostitutes whose rankkare filled wich'tender girlhbod and haggard ;womenhood,.:bpth .'shameless, both ter ribly miserable, with a still more,; terrible seeming of gaiety and ha ppiness. In puUibiQ grisly, beards, and downy chins leer and snigger at*the "doors' ns painted women go by, and, if I were notiso forcibly virtuous, the sight would, make,mo mad., * ©fall the .thousands that I Saw earlier 1 than in these'midnight hours I-sawnone drunk but two persons, and.they Were women. They were quietly and almost stupidly drunk, they professed' to be sisters, and had a certain respectability of appearance about them. The crowd at the rear of the Police- court, where a cabman had brought them on some charge, drew me to notice them first, and ten minutes afterwards I found the same women the centre of a giggling hideous crowd at the corner of Bourke street. A few yards higher up two little boys, mere infants, are endeavoring to collect;, some,fmoney, ’ ‘instead.' of; : .being in bed and asleep. One plays on a pipe’ and the other sings and dances. This, in the gutter, by the kerb stone.' ; Alongiby-the kerb and on ther,pavement, pass gorgeously, attired Cyprians, with wonderful exaggera tions of that monstrous costume which the women of the day affect. To bed in a highly moral and ‘inedita tive condition. .Next morning I went and saw the works oh' the Yarra, where, on "the southern side, a good stone wall is being built and other works done, at immeuse expense, to widen the river, and . .make a dock basin more fitting the.mercantile importance of the city. ..Excavations of soil .and of. rock have been made and are makingj and the works are protected by a coffer-dam, outside of which also there are masses of soil and rock to be removed.' ’ The work is very costly and tedious, but wheh ; completed- will ba a great boon to the commerce of the city. Those banks are lined with evidences of the business and. population of the city. Manufactories surround one, the railway trains pass and repass at brief intervals, ships, come and go, the vehicular-traffic of tlie'streets' keeps upan* inces sant rutnble/and' on'every hahdone sees life and ap parent signs of solid progress. A dredging vessel in the middle of the river is continually .hauling up sludge from. the . bottom, discharging it into flat bottomed boats, which are continually being removed and discharged, the debris being.carried away in carts to the lower grounds' on the south of the 'Yafra/ By the bank, from an 61d : hulk,-a diver goes down in his quaint apparel, and an idle crowd from the hank watches the 'droll 1 sight and motions of the copper headed man aa he goes below.’ The water bubbles, and, as the seething surface is occasionally more agitated, one almost fancies the diver must have exploded beqeath, and that the surface .will soon be covered with his sodden remains. Presently he comes to the surface and laboriously, climbs the ladder to the hulk; one of his assistants unscrews -his face; , and 'then both of them together, with a terrible wrench, .dislocate his head and deposit him piecemeal upon the deck. To the place -: of churches on the Eastern HQI,. The Lutherans are building a handsome Gothic edifice, with side aisles and an apse*. The unapproachable ugliness of the Unitarian Church is unchanged. The Scots Church and College are the same. St. Patrick’s is unfinished, but the erection of the transepts is pro ceeding, and this most imposing of all the ecclesiasti cal piles of. Melbourne; is- slowly rising into, perfect form. For the first time in my visits ! was unable to enter the church, the doors being closed. I endea vored to satisfy myself •b£ looking at the ivy, which is covering with green and glorious beauty all the length and heigbth of the walls and buttresses, and amidst the branches thick and bosky the multitudinous sparrows have found homes. These Catholics build for a long time, as if their faith and hope were as strong as-the .stone they build.wlth. Across the road is Anglican St. Peter’s, with its congruously composite styles, or no styles, and its patchwork materials, stone here, plaster there, and on the tower an ugly fresh bit of daubing, ;aa,if ; with,“ untempereffmortar.” A splendid site is this of St. Patrick’s/ From its towers one sees the whole cityandthe sea beyond, and from; either the ground or tower one has one of the best, views of that everywhere present new Sdificejwhifttais: being erected for vice-royalty. To the Supreme Court, iu that old, dull, 'dihgy/nfst' 'prius court, where the Supreme Court judges-and- the bar spend so many dreary hours..- The-judges are sitting in banco, and a; Ballarat case is under consideration.l, span get tired • f pf the droning and thedulness,.and go, ,'away.; Xd an hduris'timeo'ne/Of the'parties to- the icase who-has won joins me in’the' street, 'and we go about the streets, not as mourners,.but as sight-seers. My/com panion; Whois a man, of iron,- invites ine to’ gqand see an experiment' with-iron or steel. - We go, some half dozen of da, to .A!,place;in 1 FUzfoy,'where an Alsatian with a German name and' French sympathies is busy, Faust-like, with his furnaces and alembics, his fluids and his solids/ 'M. r Herrenschnudt,-the’Alsatian, the Fauafj’the experimenter, claims, as.i ain.informed, to be able to convert burnt or blistered steel 'into good steel by merely dipping it into some' medical solution of his creation.! He has patented it in. France, Bel gium, -Prussia, -South.Austr.jlia, and Victoria. , M. Le lloy, who has a sort of patent'method'of teaching French to foreigners, tells me some of the secrets of this alchemical home. Presently Mr.Herrenschmidt appears with a . small bar of: steel, which he places in a furnace. A resigned, and'melancholy, andi very foreign-lo’okirig-assistant blows away.-at ;tbe furnace,: the metal is taken out, the assistant pours some dark amber colored fluid into a vessel of water,"the heated metal is immersed.in the mixture, and when cold is brought out. Only a -portion of the b:ir was actually dipped, and this for a purpose. The undipped is the weak heel of the Achilles.mnd helps to tell the strength of the perfecter of parts! For the cxpeiimentorshoivs that that which was immersed is Hard to break, while that which was not immersed is .easy to break.: Both are broken in pieces, and' the immersed part- shows a totally different texture from the other, and my friend- Ferruginous pronounces the experiment to be a'-perfect success apparently, and if it will bear the further test of being used as good steel he will be prepared to make an experiment also withlsome of his money. The process certainly appeared to me, as a novice,; to bo somethiog very remarkable, ‘■ and if it be a success must be a very valuable one.. To the Theatre Jloyal, where-the American, actor and actress are,'playing iu “Struck Oil,” a simple piece, overladen with.-absiirdi ,ties,-but made tolerable by. the very good acting of Mr and Mrs Williamson. This John Stofel of Mr William son’s is in some sort a reminder of Jefferson’s Van Winkle, and.there.are hits iu jhe acting which ;are as natural and as impressive. -But Ido not think 'that eifher the’chariicter'br' the !play is as ; good.' r.Mrs Williamson, as the Dutchman’s daughter, is--plea-, ’santly vivacious ‘and natural, but, : there ,4s an -occasional want of .keeping in the pathetic passages,' and amongst the groundlmgs in the pit and the "gallery-, a chronic want cf good sense, for I noticed that/they invariably; laughed when, according to what was going ou upon..the stage, they should have been in'tears. I had to-staud -the whole, of-theltime;,and..wasjgjad to get away when the first piece was over, and X have since learned! made .a mistake, for. the. afterpiece is Said to be even better than the first. Next day I left by the train for home. Somebody’s corpse was with us , to.Geeloug, there the hideous apparatus' 7 of "‘the undertaker was iu ; waiting with a train of drays and other.yehicles. to do; honor to the poor dead body or the memory of its former occupant.. We reached Ballarat, Ferruginous and I, quite satisfied that we had done.a.hard day’s work that day. , , The Argus reports:—“ A man,‘ who is believed to be ah escaped lunatic, has been’ frightening people at Hawthorn,, by going about at night in a white sheet as a ghost. One ybiihg "girl named Brookfield, a servant, was so frightened by him that she had a suc cession of fits, and had to bo sent home by her mis-' tress. The utifbrfcuhata man who'hasbeen the cause of this has been, it is; reported, found dead in a water'' hole at Borooudara.” . : [Advt.] -Gfeal'bargains, I ahi told,' arotb’be bad at tUa Great She of Bankrupt Stock, corner of Bridge and Peel streets, T. Taylor’s. See advertisement on front page. ! 