MODERN MIRACLES. PFrom the TiYmes, March 97./ TE modern miracle wrought by Isessrs. ?faekelyne and Cooke in their new pro gramme introduced this week at the Egyp tian-hall may be truthfully characterised as extraordinary, inexplicable, and surprising. Effects are produced, not only without any apparent, but absolutely without any con ceivable cause. In the first place, there is in this performance no question as to trust worthiness of testimony or the competency of observers; because the "manifestations" occur, not only in the presence of a few "believers," "sceptics," or " inquirera s" shut up in a private room, but in public, be fore the eyes of a hall full of witnesses, each one of whom can satisfy himself or herself by walking on to the stage, and inspecting and examining at every step in the proceed ings. In fact, the audience virtually impose their own guarantees, and institute every possible precaution against fraud, so that two conclusions are irresistibly forced upon the spectators-first, that it is physically impossible that the effects can be produced by the two prisoners who are bound hand and foot in the mysterious cabinet; and, second, it is equally impossible that the effects can be produced by anybody else. Hence the bhffling and insoluble nature of the problem presented by the ringing of bells, playing of musical instruments, ap pearing of "spirit hands" and ghost-like " spirit forms," with other startling pheno. mena under these conditions. There is so much of general similarity be tween one so called " Davenport " exhibition and another that, without going into some detail, it is impossible to convey an adequate idea of the wonderful nature of what is done by Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke. We will therefore describe as accurately as we can one out of the many feats accomplished. The performer is seated in a cabinet, or cup board, which is minutely inspected inside and out, and is watched round, underneath, and above by any number of people from the audience, so that no assistance of any kind whatever can possibly be applied from without. Each wrist is tightly tied round with thick cord or rope, and with only one knot between, tied close to an iron eye or staple, which is bolted to the seat. The tying is done, not by the performer or by a confederate, but by any person from the audience. Then the knots are sealed, so that they cannot be loosened in the slightest degree without detection; the iron staple is sealed, so that it cannot be withdrawn from the seat without cracking the wax; and sealing-wax is also applied to the junction of the seat with the woodwork of the cabinet, so that the seat cannot be moved without discovery. Nevertheless, upon the gaslights being turned down (in order to hide the modus operandi) the performers' coat is in stantaneouely removed and conveyed to any person who calls for it. We say, instaen taneously. In other words, the coat is off and across the stage in three or four seconds from the time the audience lose sight of the performers, the gas is then immediately turned up again, when the performer is seen in his shirt- sleeves, with both arms bound exactly as before. Here the marvel is that, as proved by the precautions taken, there has been no dis·conexion of the performer's hands from the seat, and the coat, therefore, cannot have come off in the usual; yet it certainly does not come off in any other way, because it is a common unsophisticated dress coat, examined and marked both before and after the flying feat by any number of per sons in the audience. If anybody can sug gest any better guarantees and precautions, Mr. Maokelyne appeals to the company to try them. 