THE LADY'S COLUMN. AUCTIONS. By AL ob N. To my mind there is hardly a sadder sight: in'the world than that of a collection of household furniture hold off hy direction of the executors, the official assignee, or under power of a bill of sale, and the advertise ment for which is headed with the peculiarly captivating preface of "without reserve - There is a story, if we only knew it, about every item in the auctioneer's bill of fare, from the brilliant-toned grand pianoforte . (printed in small capitals, and standing in a line by itself) down to the children's brass bedsteads, and the baby's cradle of the upper floor. The " handsome silver tea and coffee service," of which, the poor widow—crying quietly, in the only locked room in the house — used tp be so proud, was a present from Tom, poor fellow, the day he Informed her of his long-expected promotion. She would like to keep that servico-it looks unkind to Tom's memory ,to. part with it—but for the Bake of th6 little ones scattered for the day here and there among her friends it has to go. And with it must go the " magnificent china breakfast and tea set," bought by her-' self with the savings from the household allowance to keep the plate in countenance. It is a pang to part with these tilings; to know that all her womanly care in carefully preserving the drawingroom Brussels carpet ends only in; adding a few shillings to its value in the eyes of a chance' bidder; that the chimneypiece ornaments, which she always dusted herself, for fear of the de strnctive qualities of Bridget, will be earned: away in a few hours, and made to adorn alien fireplaces: that the books, of which Tom was so fond, fall of pencil scores and marginal notes in his own hand, to recall pleasant passages, which he had so often' read aloud in the ■ long winter evenings ha she worked on the other side of the. table, are now done up in Ida for the con venience of purchasers; that colons, busy, j prying eyes are' in every room in the house, inspecting the legs of. her chairs and tables, examining her well- kept house linen, peeping into her wardrobes, and appraising the value of her drawing suites and engravings. She can hear the groups passing and re-passlng her door on the bare boards of the paaages and staire, from which the carpets have been removed to prevetrt damage'Aran nmgtrabd muddy boots; and every now and then can catch the monotonous chant of the ioonoclas tic auctioneer /from some distant room, knocking down her household gods—"If there's no advance for two ten. All done at two ten f and at two ten—two fifteen—£3. Thank you. ma'am. £3 once, £3 twioe, and for the thud and last time £3. It's yours, ma'am.". The motives that induce ladies to flock in such numbers to furniture auctions are various. The chance of getting that thing so dear to a woman's heart—a bargain is, perhaps, the principal one. ladles know little of the actual excitement of business, its vexations and worries, itB losses and its gains; and they love the unction because it allows them to play at their husbande' work. It raves them the make-believe of business, ana that, combined with the longing for bargains, takes them there in numbers. Besides, they like to explore the very in nermost recesses of the housekeeping arrangements that are thrown open to the eye of curiosity on these occasions; to see, perhaps, how en old friend or past acquaint ance bias kept her dinner cutlery or crystal; or to solve the question of the far*, niture of the back bedrooms. But from whatever motive, there is no doubt 'but that women do love auctions, that they look upon a good sale in their neighbourhood .as a Cornish fisherman looks upon a wreck, and that they have no more compunction in puking up a bargain in the house of mourning or misfortune thanacamp follower has in stripping the bodies of the slain on the battle-field, ■ >y ' It seems to be received as a sort of social : axiom that the sportsand pleasures of man, are; creel and barbarous, while those of women are innooent The man' often tides bis noblehorse to death in pursuit of > the timid deer or the pom fox: he shoots: at-< pigeons for bets, and kills birds and fishes onlof pure wantonness; he breaks his friend's , til* without reuion» when his blood is warmedwith the savage strife of football; and from the platform neither friend nor foe are safeiirota life tongue tithes erore him ih < the game of politics. Women near and read of these things and ehudder. Their soft and ^n^natim^^rii^k^^the th^hteof' flicton eaohothar an&ontheirfelUowbiutes;: and theygrieve ovsr the haid-heartedness qt - mhn.: andtaakebroad their own phylacteries and enlaigethe bordefa of their garments at our expense. JBut'do odrfair Phamoesnevdr think of the " woe upon them" when they go' forth to devour widows' furniture—when they compass* street andterrace to make one bargain ! Axe they troubled at the1 sorrow - anamisei* that the broaking>up of a homb trod the scattering of the chemhed ooUeotioh • of yeare implies? Do thsygrieve with tim < griefof thewidow or the bankrupt's wife while thetonsummation of ruin involved in* ahaudtionisgoibgqn? They certainly may. Women are such wonderful Adepts at dis guising thebfedtagsthatamanoannevajr tellwhether thesweetsmlle Hideanbroken* heart, or the happy look and laughing voire may not be assumed to cover asvnth * cloak the distress she feels for the unfortunate. SutUcamutbedeniedthat theyappearat least to enjoy aubtions,«rid as long; as they > encourage suohta Impression bythrtr speech v and mennervthw cannot oonstttantiy blame i, manforany of hia amusements, be they never reorueh ■ r neoefesmyitbatirtt Is "ttttt"demtable at' Ge beaut to assist ah- .Weimtatt have spring infc dippers, -,lto,M«bhMft'.tta{pp9r 1 of < not seertthe operationsof lm;btttcheiv" It is neoessaiy to hang ppr cridanrals,' but'we db : it 511 tbtprjv&gr; of the gw/efei?& pud it is , ; yf (he public pfay^tbah- tOb^ifa'aviwbf^nl bf'thoae VindidatioiiffiTof justicd.'. Oar dead mast be buried pat of our sight, bat we do. it withjall ■ the hangman'if he as mate at»fanerrf(ah offidetha^ aifar ae I know, no woman has over yet been called upon to fill), than join in-the crowd of Jew brokers,^ greasy dealers, and human vultures that congregate together to prey on the uisendble remains of-a home. They may lose bargains, They may have to pay more for. pew knives and forks, spoons, glasses, or cnps and saucers, than they would for the wall- saved treasures upon wmph the auctioneer grows eloquent. But with the dew' things they will buy no unpleasant associations. The shopkeeper will throw in no ghosts with his lot, there'will be no Skeleton in the wardrobe he sells, no sad recollections of another's ruin clinging round the posts of the dew bedBtead, or hiding under the teleeoope-taUe In the diningroom. ... We never know—not one of us—when the .turn will conoB for our own furniture being sold off. " The walnut drawingroom suite in bine and gold brocade that was bought for the original furnishing of your home, and with an eye to match which everything has been got Bince, your 21-day time-piece in ormolu, the cots brought for each successive addition to you family, your whatnots, your lace curtains, and your little all, in fact, may be advertised for sale, "without reserve," before a month is over. How would you like the idea of your bosom friends, Mrs. Grundy and Mrs. Can. donr, who you know have always envied! your luck and -coveted your nice things— thus enhancing their value tenfold—coming with a troop of your visiting acquaintances to see what they could pick up? Is there one of your friends that yon could part with your piano or your pier-glass a bargain to? Wouldn't you rather that every stick and stitch belonging to you passed Into second hand furniture shops than that (hey should be divided among the people you know, to keep alive in them the memory of yonr mis fortune?. You would hate Mrs. Grundy and Mis..Candour if you thought, (hat they drould go to your auction and get bargains at it; ana yet yon know well thpt. you would ga' to theirs to-morrow, and possess yourself for next to nothings if possible, of the table linen of one, or the cat glass of the other. As long as ladies do attend auctions,no matter how cruel may be the sports of mien, we can boast that we are their superiors in . humanity. 