THE MAN WITH TWO WIVES. I \- (ifrom the Pall Mall Gazette.) A drdrna of essentially dramatio interest, in ' whioh the comedy element is not wanting, and whioh baa been more than once on the jjqiht of turniiig to tragedy, is now.ia course of perfofm- at. the little town of San Betrnadino; ib California. . News had already reached Eng-: land of a difficulty in which an Englishman nag piaucu nirougn nnaing Him self unexpectedly the huBbahd of - two wives ; and time, by which bo many dieultieB are solved, seeine on this one to have hud. quite s oontrary effeot. Legal proceedings of the most varied kind have beeu taken against tbe offender, ntbrol and religious arguments have boen at dressed to 'hidi, ? he has been threatened with olpital; punishment at the hands of tbe bdt- ragsd community ; but all in vain. He remains the husband of a lady who became his wife eight years ago in New ZealShd, When he lost aight of ;her in a fire kindled by the Maoris; whioh des troyed his hduaesnd apparently 'All itcohtaihbd; and also a lady whom he married, iihder thh ihipreBsion that be was a widower, last year in Cslifordia. The first wife having followed her -husband, and claimed protection under bis roof, she was reoeived; with the consent of wifeHo. 2 ; and the three were living peaceably together when an aotion for profligate conduct was com menced against Osdss by the State proseontor. Ho maintained, however, in his defenoe that he had had good reasons for believing his first wife- to' be dead; that he had left New Zealand suffer ing from the pain caused to him by that imprek- s'?.n> ehd'that, having been without news of har existence ror upwards ot nvqyears, two of, which he passed in diligently searching for her, he was- at , liberty, under a certain section of the Gali- fornian code, to take another wife, long before the period at whioh he, in fact, contraoted his aeeoud marriage. Thereupon the oomplaintwas dismissed, and OadeB retired from the court, accompanied by his' two wives. Oades was now formally charged with having committed big amy. The Grand Jury found a true bill agaioet him ; but on the case being tried the Judge ruled that, though the faots as laid down in the bill of indictment were indisputable, and indeed were not disputed, yet the aooused had not con tracted his. second marriage with bigamous in tent, nor in view of injury to either of the wives; for whioh reason, however, desirable it might be to . convict him, he must nevertheless be ac quitted. The leading counsel of S in Bernadino, having been instructed to do their beBt to get the Oades scandal in Borne manner put an end to, tliey_ decided, after a careful study of the California)! code, that it WaB open to either of the jivo wives to prooaed against Oades for main- taining tne otner in ine house. Acoordmgly an agent was commissioned to discuss the question from this new . point of view' with the first Mrs .Oades, who it wsb, thought, would feel the more aggrieved of the two ; but, as he endeavoured secretly. .to approach, her;, he was run off by Oades with a shot gun. At last, however, he got access to 'the lady one day when Oades was .but riding with his second wife, and offered her 600 dollars as an inducement to commence pro- ioeedings. But she appeared a mild, timid Wo- iihah, And said that Oades had threatened, in oase she ' attempted to get the seoond marriage annulled, that lie would not only beat her half jto death, but also would not live with her any more ; that she knew Oades well enough to be sure he would keep his word ; and that, though jahe might be able- to put up with the beating, she could -not bear the idea of losing him alto gether, '"especially as, being legally married to him, she dquld .not become, the wife of. any one else. A similar; propoBiiion. was then made to Mrs Oades No. 2, when the bribe waB again rejected. ' The only "effect of "an ap plication on her part to the Court could be, she. said, : . to get her own legal mar- riage annulled, whioh Bhe did not desire. Nor did she seem particularly anxiouB to get rid of the first, Mrs Oades, who, she said, was got- ting old, and was no longer a dangerous rival ; besides whioh Bite found her a considerable help about'the house. Recourse was next hdd to the good officea of the Rev. Mr Kiggett, a minister pf great and deserved influence in the commu nity, wlto wus requested to expostulate with Oades hioiBelf; OadeB received him courteously, and discussing the matter with great fr&ukness;, began by admitting that theoretically he was a monogamist. He even went so far as to blaSe the' Oqde Commissioners for having so drbwn up their statutes that bigamy, under the particular ciroumataneea which had occurred to hiih; was' legalised ip the State of California. Tbe no'tion of natural right, he added, Was now ehtiye.iy.ex--. plod'e'd;; "Ho did not' intend to be wiser or more virtuous than the laws ; and aa the law allowed him.two wives his conscience did not disturb riage had to be dissolved it' would be . the-first one; and though' he might possibly stand the' loss of the old woman, his first wife, nothing would induce bibi to part With the second. Thereupon the' reverend gehtjeihitu is said to have left Oades in great and juBt indignation, whioh wits increased on Sunday at seeing Oades, Who bad always been regular in his attendance at churoli, seated in his. pew with his two wives, listening complaoently to the sermon. Finding that the .law itself was in fault, the lawyers of San, Bernadino wrote to the Code Ooramissioners on the subject, and were informed in reply that the commiesioners were not responsible for it, aa they bad confined themselves to copying the work of that eminent oodifier, David Dudley Field. "For hithBelf," wrote the aotual author of the reply, " he had never pretended tdbe' muoh of a codiflor, but .the position, was offered to him with a good salary, and he did not feel eailed upon to decline it." He, added , that he haade .it a rule, itever to deoline anything that, was offered on accoant of his own inoompetenoy —that being d matter whioh concerned only those who employed him ; that if any one em ployed him to make a piano or a steam-engine — which was as much out of 'his line as codifying itself— he would accept the offer, provided always that it Was on a. salary ; and; finally, that in his opinion "the btber Commissioners were no better tbau himself." At last, all ordinary tneanB having .failed, a mass meeting was held, ht whioh it was proposed to petition the Legis lature. But Oades, who waa present, "told them that was no go ; for, by the 20th section of the 4th article of tbe Constitution of California, it was expressly provided that no divorce shall he granted. by the Legislature." Other sugges tions of similar eharaoter were made, all of wbieh wore met by OadeB, hook in hand, until at last it became evident that nothing short tif an atnehdmout to the OousUtUtioti of the United States could meet the oase; .This aeeUied to have brought the assembly to a staudetill, when sud denly a prcminout citizen proposed as. a simple and effeotual way of meeting the . diffioulty, to lisng Oadea. V This, " he said, " was a very com mon way of arranging auoh affairs, and it bad always met tbe publio approbation, except, in deed, onoo when they had perhaps carried it too -far by hanging seventeen Obinamen." The idea was so well received by the meeting that Oades made bis escape, and 'after a 'close race reached his bouse, where he barricaded himself and kept off the crowd with his never-failing shot-gun. Fiually, the editor of the local paper despatched ; a special correspondent to iuterview Oades, whom he found Sitting with his two wives at Bupper, all throe being iu high spirits. The correspondent joined the happy party, and, after a long silting, esmo to tbe oonoluBion that Oades was si good fellow, and that the whole affair had grown out of tho jealousy of tbe people of San Bornadiuo, whioh is an old Norman settlement ; and that tliey were mad with envy at seeing Oades iti. enjoyment of a privilege of whioh the laws had deprived them. "Sphairistike," or lawn tennis, the now rival to croquet; has been most ! favourably reviewed by all tho publio journals; They declare that it a olever adaptation of tennis (that it will become a national pastime !; that no English home,' no publio grouilda; no barraok square, should be without it I I A Ihaae. cdridukiy iiihdlfdilvd hf ljhiiieke ideas I of moritlity oaihii before the KynSioh Police Court on Tuesday, wlirh, pays the Guardian, Mr ChAnter, 'farmdr, bf Tjrlddtf, vtas aued by Ah Tong; a Chinese ahautyiketphr; hawkert and gardener, for. illegally detaining a .qdatiiily of ualki - The evidellee Stldniid thAt Mr Chanter's stop'-ktih ' liad befen iu the habit of steAHng oats in fitijh|l qilAnlitihs frtim hit aldji-fatbdr'A barn and sellitig theln to the dllihkmaiiutider elFcum- stancds ivhicli could, have left no dolibt lb the mind of the latter that he was purchasing stolen property,. Indeed the lad swore that on more than, one occasion the Chinamnti assisted. in the remnvsl of the oats from tbo barrt; Mr Chan ter's; suBgicioUB Being arouaCd ha webt to Ah Torig's place, whefe he folittd over Ihirtebti bags of ohts of varietied which he had grbwn last sea son, and thteateridd if thdy whrb hot rdstored to invoke the assistance .of. the police, lbs t'esuli -being that "the whole of the thirteen bags were carted back to the bBrn.. As the etep-Boh swore that to tbo beat of his knowledge he had only sold . six or seveh bags to Ah Torig, the Bbnoh orddrbd the . balance of the thifteed bagi to be restored to the oomplsinant, leaving the matter of the felony to be .dealt with by the police. , A. Couple of Fools. — An inhabitant of.a cer tain country town in an American State had a pet oalf; which he took thuoh paini to tfain in tbe whys 0 f an ox, and to initiate into tbe mean- ine of tbd yoke. The calf vValked peacefully undif onb ehd df this iustrrlhtent while his masthr helped up the other. This ddoiljtji un luckily emboldened the teacher so far that ha thought he minht vontnre to nut his own neck into the yoke in order to show, the oalf what it was to work with a partner. His confidence in his pupil was Wholly misplaced "; the' calf. took fright, and raising his tail and his voice, made straight for the village at. s headlong pace, drag ging bis kind inBtruotori with. IjimgiwUg! irent Along with his head down, and his hat in his band straining every nerve tb keep hp- with his yoke- Fellow, And crying out at thh top of biff toioe— " Hers we come ; Heaved lielh us for 'a dimple bf fools I head lis, somebody— hfcadus, if 'you can !' Amebicam WomeWt.in. LoNhoN.— Pgentice Mulfbrd thus writes from Europe to ; the San Francisco Bulletiu " I (vould say-tbihuBbands and bridegrooms qomittg' to Europe; lOktB'j'onr wiveB At: liomei \ ;Iti tllb fdatter bf'kelplbg down bxpeVise, ybu'll| hav'd jmur h'ahds fdll Without them'.'' Toti 'Wiil'at limes' jiaVsithdhi'ffibrA.Sbau full. , ..AlQne,...aqdV,'yjbji'figy".h-l.|sbth.'l;bi'ifisi8t temptAliou, but 'wheu.ybu bring her. with you, Jrou simply eouttle ;your...floanoial; draft .at the bottom, .set it od.flreatop, and 'light your candles at either end. Married men have told ine these things in cunfideuce. They say that, once in Loudon or Paris, - the . woman's financial, sense And prudence; desert ' her, entirely. , She'-runs htsd — finaneisily msd.' i At ' the AsAize Court of the Oharente'Inferi- dure during th6 speech of counsel for a prisoner Accused of theft; one of thh jury exolsimbd, "I dee_ a ghost,!' and gave Buoh evident sigdB of faving madness that' th'e preaididg ' judge de clared tbe case could not. gb oh, add the jury were diaoharged. i i ; 