THE WISDOM OF THE SEA SERPENT. Persons conversant with the procession of na-<*> tural phenomena have confidently predicted a reappearance this season of the sea-serpent. Of all the obliging monsters who, from time to jSZISZtTiL^zr * T*"1 *1" ""• "Meved -ee?tS^^ enl? lteildari ?epoiPllllu4tJ'«n' 3^'w. And this he has earned by a surprising 8 4f. restraint in the way of exhibition, which dig. tingnlshrM him honorably from all hie associates, and, Udeed, fr jd almost all artists who seek in a similar way to entertain the public. Hit up. pearanoes have been few, but correspondingly striking since the good Captain Laurent de Ferry, sailing from Trundkin t« B?r?-n in the month of May, 1746, first lis covered him bulling peacefully on the waves. He had then " a home's head, which roae two feet over the surface, and was of *FK color." Ue had " a dark brown ■wain, black eyes, and apparently a Jon? mane floating over the neck." Beyond tliit. at a considerable distance, could be seen "seven or sight ooils, each «f enormous sit V' Altogether a jsry satisfactory and attractive monster, and it fa difficult to understand how the cap tain could have had the heart to 6re uiwn it. fire he did, however, regardless of the interests of posterity, and the nineteenth century bad a narrow chance of losing its most agreeable marveL Fortunately the aim was uuslcady. The animal plunged, "evidently wounded," and did Dot reappear, and the honest mariners, muoh marvelling, returned to puzzle the g.-oi people of Bergen with their etory. Probably It was his experience of man's per fidy that kept our sea-serpent so long in retire ment, and led him, when finally, in 1808 hs did emerge, to present himself in much more terrifying fashion. Mr. McLean, in Juno of that year, was Bailing about the coast of «)oIL when he discovered an extraordinary creature. of enormous sice—7o or 8J feet long—moving toward him "by progressive undulations up and dawn." Not unnaturally, Mr. HoLean and his men were thoroughly frightened, and fled with promptness. The monster pursued them leisurely to the shore, "frightened (he crews of 13 fishing boats," and returned slowly and majestically to Its native deep. For some time past nothing has been heard of him, and the apprehensions of his admirers were exalted lest he ahould have died of old age, or taken a final leave of pnblio life. These fears were dissipated by his recent triumphal appearance in three different parts of the world almost atmoltaneously. On October 2L Oaptain Ohariesworth mw hint in a cave nnar San Diego. California. He was then "about 30 feet long, with three eets of (ins, a tail like an eel's, and a head like en alli gator's. Toe fins were "shaped like those of a sea-lion, each between three and four feet in length." This wm the harrowing tab which the captain enfolded to his frienie, when, having come to bis assistance, they arrived in time to «cc " the marks in the mud left by the monster's form," and to fire their gnat vaguely *t Oat vanishing form, flirtine back to them a maliok*s and ■erpectine fare well. It will be observed that Oaptain Charles worth'* sea eerpentdifiers in some respects from Oaptain Laurent de Ferry* His versatility of expression, indeed, is one of our monster's greatest ?farms. Still more artistic was his "get-up" when hs disclosed timsslf, in a brief Interview, to Mr. Joan, of Golspie, in England, who, in a rather roundabout way, through the medium of ■everal other gentleman, hat got his story Into the Condon Tima. Hi a that simple and guileless sea-serpent of Sao Diego—laughing, no doubt, in his fin as he did it—has bad the art to make believe that he is a « saurian, allied to the plesiosaarus, and fee,! ing with teeth of tha oolitic type on terebratula and treronieir, also oolitic molluscs." His "large oars, similar to a horse's," however, reveal hi* identity with Oaptain de Ferry's friend; and his appearance on Ustobar 2< in BaUhaven Bay, with a hundred feet or oof coils and undulations, at once confirms the sup position, and show its possession, together with amazing versatility, of a most iuoredible rate of •peed. The history of the sea-serpent is instructive, and f umishas an admirable lesson to giddy and weak-minded monsters, which sseritioe popu larity to the tompsrary gratification of variety and hanger of applause. That the sea- serpei.t is still so universally admired and sought after is due to his avoiding the snores that have betrayed co many of his weaker brethren. The •are with whioh he haa timed bis appearances, and the high-bred reserve of his demeanor, have kept up the interest and curiosity of the public. Wist thin some of his rivals, he has never cheapened himsslf by tiresome iteration, or earned contempt by permitting familiarity. Many other monsters, with as many natural advantages, have been ruined by their obtrnsiveneas, or stall more fatal error, by allowing themselves to be found out. The brief Won-ler of the wild matt, for example, speedily resolves itself in.ot&e; com monplace reality of the escaped lunatic. The notorious Western ghost, with bis stale tricks of stone-throwing and plate smashing, has be come more te lions than the familiar war-wbonp of a certain semi-intellectual and bog-trotting contemporary. After an acquaintance with the Fiji Impostor, woo will care again for the moat bewitching and tuneful of mermaids? I#t monsters who essay hereafter to unoie the public borrow some of the wisdom of the sea serpent, sad practice the virtues of modesty and self-restraint. So will they long remai jas dear to the hearts of their admirers as the sea-serpent is to the artless and convivial mariner. Another State Tbi«x is Fbanor. —It seems that the trial of Marshal Baz*in« is not to be the last process connected with the un solved mysteries of the miasaniage of despatches between that commander and Marshal Mac- Mahon. The President «f the hepatilio, as wa learn from Paris, has given bis consent to tha trial of Oolonel Stoffel on the serious charge of having unlawfully destroyed certain despatches entrusted to him In die course of the campaign —a crime which, if proved, and wiihont ex tenuating circumstances, would render rue «x* military attache of Napoleon 111. li*ble to Imprisonment for lile in a for.reas. The court martial will consist of two generals of bi igade and two colonels, presided over by a genoral of division. It is to be heped that these will be impartially seleo'ed, for the But tine tiial plainly showed how high party feeling runs on this subject amonj French offloers; and in a ease of such hard swearing on both sides as that on which this tribunal will have to decide, almost anything m-ght be proved satisfactorily to those who had their opinions ready made beforehand. The delay in this affair is probably doe to the fact that Oolonel Stoffel is at present undergoing three months'imprisonment for the strong language he used about the Government prosecutor in the trial at the Trianon, and refused to withdraw at the instance of tbe Duo d'Aumale, although warned that his oentumucv would be treated as a military off enoa.—PaK Moll Gazette. What Might Havb Bsra.—When papular feeling runs high, it is no uncommon thing fur one aide of the question, or one view of the possible course of events to be entirely over looked. The recent esettemeat with regnid to the strike of the miners on Torke's Peninsula is no exception to this. We have heard it put in very forcible language—the misery and destitution whioh a prolongation of the strike would entail on the majority of tbe inhabiting of the Peninsula, bat wn have n'-vrr beard any one attempt to realise the deplorable—the heartrending pietuce—had the strike lasted long enough—whioh might have been presented by the proprietors of the Moonta and A'atUroo mines, aoompanied by their wives and farniii. s, and headed by their Directors, bare fout«i, broken-kneed, and out-at-elbowa —parading the streets of Adelaide singisg soino tuch doleful ditty as the following, to the tune once so common in the old country— " We're all the way from Manchester, And WANT no work to do." B4.IXU> OF THt DIBTBI3SED UOOBTA AND WALUBO3 HIM PSOPaiSTOSS. The Moonta mines have ceased to work Our prospect's very blue-00. Tou've helped the miners on the strike, Perhaps you'll help us too. Perhaps you'll help us too-00-00. PerhaiM you'll help us too-oo o«. You've helpei tile miners on the strike. Perhaps you'U help us t*o. To make the matter t?n time worse They've struck at Wallaroo-o>>-o?. You've helped the mines on tho ntnk -, Perhaps you'U help up us too. Chorus — You say the mine has cost us naught, Perhaps it may b<i tnc-oo oo ; Bat you helped the mm. is tin tut eiiiLe, Then why not help us too ? Chorus — A million paid in divijeo^a? With that you've naught to do-00-oo ; You helped the miners on tli? etuk-% Then why not hclji us too? Chorus— We tiled to cut the wages dour.. But fiad it will not doooco j Now here we are, a pretty s^ht. Perhaps you'll say *'U sa.net 'cm. ri>?U." But won't yon help us too-unoo. Won't you help us 100-un-uo; Yon helped the minors on th* strike, Mow wont fou help us too In common with a great many others KORxn afOBB & Deah have given their " mite to k<m«? the miners of Yoke's Peninsula in tli:'ir troubles, and they would like to be io a |~.-,. tian to readerequ&lassistance; tot'ae p;oi>i i-.to* ••, when necaixrg, besides presenting ihv.u stub. tbe copyright of the above tffocting h.i>'?:. .*.* the more business they <10, the mjk «ffi :hxi<:,', 1 they will probably be abl<« to rvn.lvr .a c..-. of neoflssity, they solicit the:r fn^H.ii nu'i !i.e pnblio to inspect their New n'iut<:r's St<jct\ which they «re cou&iuut; f?r qaUuyaua |'t.u4 will ffivt satisfaction and aocare tinir nage. &, 