LITERARY NOTICE. WE rory briefly referred to Mr. Proctor's " Border Land of Science" shortly nf tor' its publication, ftnd pointed out ita inore prominent characteristics, but we then had not space to do justice to the work, and laid it, aside with, the intention.of giving it ample consideration at the first favour- able opportunity. A second careful perusal of the worlc leads us to now bring it moro prominently under the notice of our readors. It consists of n series of articles contributed hy the author to various magazines, each article being complete in itself, so that th« work resembles a collection of paraphlets or tracts bound into one volume, Why it should be called the " Border Land of Science" is to us a mystery, inasmuch as it deals with topics whioh may be said to belong to the very centre rather than to the border of science. It treats of the Herschell's and the star-depths, of tho condition of Jupiter, of life in Mars, meteors, star showers, earthquakes, the antarctic regions, coal, flying machines, gambling superstitions, and curiously enough, of coincidences, ghosts, and goblins. It is written in a calm and lucid style, free from all unnecessary rhetorical ornament, and it contains a large amount of information on nil tho topics it' discusses. It is easy to see that Mr. Proctor has embraced the nebular hypothesis, for his bellefin it tinges many of his reasonings. Thl i is specially the case with his remarks on the planet Jupitor, in which ho endeavours to BIIOW that the planet is red hot. 'In fact, Jupitor is now in the. condition in which our earth was some few millions of years ago, wheû tho crust of it was broken here and there into enormous Assures, tem- pested hy earthquakes, and surrounded by an enor- mous atmosphere of steam, which has since con- densed into our oceans, Baas, and rivers. On this hypothesis, the phonoinona of tho heavens aro explicable; on auy other, they are unsolvable mysteries. Tho'suectroscopo shows us that sixteen bodies oxistiug on our earth are found in tho Sun, an J at least six of these exist in tho stars ; and future rasearch 'may discover inatiyi more, Tho Earth bears nil the marks'of having been once a small sun, now cooled down sufficiently to be the abodo of, life. Mara and, perhaps, Vonus may bo habita- ble, but no life, such as wo know of, can exist in tho Bun, or stars, or larger planetB. Jupiter h nu not cooled enough to allow life to exist on its sur- face; another of the large outer planets has an atmosphere of . hydrogen ; the Moon is a burnt cinder, without nir or water; and Saturn ia unfit to be a theatre of life. Aitch M exista on thia earth. There is one fundamental principle perrading nil organic living structures that we are acquainted with, and that is, that they ull depend for their life on the law of exfosmone and endosmose, by means of which they receive a due supply of oxygen into the juices or fluids of their respective structures. The life of all things, from the highest mammal to the lowest microscopic monad, depends on oxygen and. consequently, cannot exist where oxygen is not, nor yet where hydrogen, or nitrogen, or other gases predominate. Hence, there can be no life in the nuclei! of those worlds now in process of for- mation nut of nebulous matter in stellar »paco. On all questions of thio sort, Mr. Proctor's nook supplies hints and facts which are valuable to inquirers. As a sample of Mr/Proctor's literary style; and mode of reasoning, we quote the follow- ing passage respecting Jupiter. After describing phenomena indicating the prevalence of Jovian hurricanes, raging for six wewks at a time, over a space equal to tho entire surface of our earth, and at a rate of 150 miles an hour, be says : Ia tho autumn of 1870. my fricad Mr. .Browning (tue eminent optlolan) onll"d the attention of astronomers to tho fact that the great equatorial zone, usually, as wo have said; of a creamy white colour, had assumed a decidedly orange tint. At thc same time lt had become much lew uniform in outline, and «undry peculiarities in it* appearance could be recognised, which have been sevorally compared co portholes, pipe bowls and stems, oral mouldings, and other objects ol an uncelestlal nature. Without entering into description which could only be rendered intelligible by means of a aeries of ela- bórate illustrations, let it au iii ce to say thf»t the bright edges of tho belia bordering on this ruddy equatorial zoneseeined to bo rrajod and torn like the edges of storm clouds, atsd that tho knots and projections thus formed of ton extended so far upon the great orango zone, from both sides, RB almost to broak it up into separate parts. Kow, withoutinqnlring into the particular form of notion to -which theso remarkable ohanges were due, we can see at once indeed, tlio whole aspect of the ruddy belt, whose extent far exceeded tho whola au rf aaa of our earth, cUauged obviously from night to day. Strangely enough, these Interesting observations, thoagh thoy were presently cou firmed by some well-known students of the heavens, did not attract that full attention from tho seulor astronomers of the day which they appear to merl*. Ueveral, Indeed, of our leading astronomers were dlBpoved to deny that anything unusual was in progress, though none asserted definitely that they based this opinion on a careful re- examination of the planet's face, Hut quito recently one of the mest eminent of our modern observers-Mr, LasseU, lately President of tho Royal Astronomical Society-(having beon led to observe tho planet by tho faot that certain pheuomena of Interest in connection with the satellite Bystom were In uro* gross) found lils attention attracted by the marvellous beauty of the ooloui'B presented by Jupiter's belts. After describing tho appearances he hod intended to observe in the first instance, lie proceeds, " But this was not tho phenomenon which struck me most lu this rare and exquisit3 vlow of Jupiter. I must acknowledge that I Imvo hitherto been Inclined to think that there might bo some exaggeration In the coloured views I have lately seen of the plauot; but this property nf tho disc, in the view I am desoribtug, was so unmistakable that my scepticism is at last beginning to yield." Nor will this state* mont be thought to express moro than llio truth, when we add, that In tho picture accompanying his paper. Mr. LasseU presented the equatorial zono as brown-orange, and three neighbouring dark zones ns purpl* ; one of tho Intermediate light belts being pictured as of a light ollve-greeu. ' Let us compare these observations made la our brumous latitudes, with those effected by Father Beech I with the fine equatorial of the Bom tm Observatory. " During the fine evenings nf this month," he wrote In February T872, "Jupiter has presented u wonderful aspect. Tho equatorial band, of a vary pronounced rose colour, was strewn with a large number of yellowish clouds. Above and belo"- this band there were many vcy fine zones, and others strongly marked and narrow, which resembled stretched threads. The blue ind,yellow colours formed a remarkable contrast with'the red zone, a' contrast doubtless' increased by a little illusion, The surface of the plant is actually so different from that which Z hare formerly seen, that there ls room for the study of the planet's meteorology *' It appear« to us that when theBA remarkable ohanges are oonitdered In combination with the circumstance that on a priori grounds we should expect tho sun t* have very little in- fluence on the condition of the planet's atmosphere, the.idea oannot but be suggested that the ohief source of all this energy resides In the planet Itself., Tho idea may seem startling at a ; first view, but wheu once entertained, many arguments will be found to present themselves in it* favour. In another uart of his essay on the giant planet he refers to his theory, namely,'that the satellites of the larger planets may possibly be the abodes of life, the planets themselves heating them partially n the same sort of way that the central orb heats tht whole system. He says - And after all, let us remember that the theory that Jupiter ls on ijitensely heated globe-a theory to which we have been led by tho consideration of many observed foots, and which in its turn suggests very satisfactory explanations of other ob- served facts-would merely show that, as Jupiter and Saturn hold an intermediate position between the sun and the minor planets in respect of size, so those giant orbs hold a corres- ponding position in respect of Inherent heat. Roughly speaking, the earth ia 8000 miles, tho sun 840,000 miles, in diameter, and Jupiter, with bis diameter of 02,000 miles, comes ;m ld way between' these orbs. How, the sun. is at a white heat, and tho earth gives out only what ls called obscure heat; and If Jupiter's globe is at a red heat, he again comes midway between the Sun and the Barth. We should bo led by the theory hero maintained to regard the major planets which travel outside the «one of asteroids as in a sense secondary suns. Bo viewed, they could not be regarded us orbs flt for the support of living creatures. Tel, ns each of them isthecentreof n Boheme of dependent worlds, of dlmeaslous large enough to supply roora for many millions of ll vin ii creatures, we should not morely And a muon d'etre for the outer planets, but we should bo iur botter able to ex- plain their purpose In tho scheme of creation than ou any theory hitherto put forward respecting them. Jupiter ns an abode of Ufo ls a source of .wonder and perplexity, nud his satellites seem scarcely to «erve any useful purpose. He np pears as a bleak and desolate dwetllng-plare, and they together supply bim with scarcely a twentieth part of the light which we receive from our moon at full. But-, regarding Jupiter as a miniature sun, not indeed possessing any large degree of Inherent lustre, but emitting a considerable quantity of heat, we recognise in him the Atting ruler of u scheme of subordi- nate orbs, whose inhabitants would require the heat whloh ho affords to eke out the small supply which they receive directly from the sun. * The Baturnlan system, again, is no longer mysterious when tims viewed. The strange problem presented by tho rings, whfoluaotually conceal the sun from immense regions of tho I plauet for years together in the very heart of the winter ot I those regions, ls satisfactorily solved when tho Baturnlan satel- lites are regarded as th« abodes of lift*, and Saturn himself as tho Bourne of a considerable proportion of their heat- supply. I do not say that, in thus exhibiting the Jovian aud Baturnlan .y s toms in a manner whloh n coords with our ideas respecting tho laws of life in the universe, I have given Irrefragable tes- timony in favour of my theory. That theory must stand or full according te tho evidence in lu favour or ugainst it. Hut so long os men believe that there ls design In tho schemo of thc universe; they will be readier to accept conclusions whloh , exhibit at once the major planets and their satellites as occu- pying au intelligible position in that scheme, than views wilie h leave the satellites unaccounted for, and present the giant planets themselves as very questionable abodes for any known order of living creatures. It is pleasant to turn from this Jovian scene of desolation, to the contemplation of oue of our planetary neighbours-the planet Alara. With respect to this orb, Mr. Proctor anya: Wo all know that Mars Bhlaes with a ruddy light. He is. Indeed, tho ruddiest star in the heavens t Aldebaran und An- uirás are pale beside him. Now, In the telescope the surface of Mars does not appear wholly red. We have seen that at two opposite points his orb exhibits white spots, But, beeide these regions, there aro others which aro not red. Dark spaces aro seen, sometimes strangely complicated in figure, whloii present a well-mar koi tinge of greenish blue. Here, then, we have a feature which we should certainly expect to lind if the polar spots are'rcally snow-caps ¡ for the existence of water in quantities sufficient toaocoant for snow regions covering many thousand square miles of the surfnooof Mai's, would undoubt- edly lead ua to Infer tho existence of oof ans, and theso oceans might bo oxp"ctod to resemble our own oceans in their general tint. According to this view, the dark greenish blue markings on Mars would come to s>e regarded as the Martial seaB. If this be tho case, then I may noto ia passing that the seas of Mars cover a much smaller proportion of his surface than those of our own oirth, tho extent af our seas being to tfiat ui our continents about the proportion of ll to 4 t (n Mara tho lund and sea surfaces would seem tobo ucarty equal in extent. Tho seas In Mam are also very singularly slmpod. They'run into long Inlets and straits; many aro bnttlo or llssk shuped_ that is, we see a somewhat rounded luland sea connected with what must be called the matu ocean by n narrow inlet ; and further, lt would seem as though oceanic communication must bo far moro complete in Mars ^notwithstanding tho rela- tive ¡stnallncss of his ocean surface) than on our own earth. Ono could travel by sea between all parts of Mars, with very few exceptions, the long inlota und the llaHk-shaped seas breaking up his land surface much more completely than tho actual extent of water would tead us to Infer. It m ny bo supposed that on thc other hand land communication ls far moro complete In tho case nf Mars than In that of our own .arth. This ls, Indeed, tue cace. Insomuch that such Mar tiallsts os object to sea travelling (and we can «cur co ly suppose sea slaknoss to bo a phenomenon peculiar to our own earth) may.very readily avoid lt, and yet not be debarred from visit- ing any portion of their miniature world, save ono or two extensivo>lnuds. Even theso am uopuratwl by suah nut-row seas from thu neighbouring continent», tliot wo may regard lt us fairly within to-power of thu Martini Bruneis and Ste- phensons to bridge over tho Intervening Rt ra lt a, and so to ena- ble tho advocates of land-vnyaging to visit the«o portions of their planet. This vlow Is enoourogod by tho considérât fon that all engineering operations must be much mora readily s ff «ct od In Mars than on our own earth. The forco of gravity ls so small ut tho surdon nf Mars that a mnas which on earth weighs a pound, would wcluh on Mara but about six and a quarter.ounces, sp that In every way tho work oí tho engineer and of his ally tho spadesman would bo lightened. A being shaped ns men are, but fourteen feet high, would he ns activo asa man six feet high,and ninny times more powerful. On suah a scale, then, might tho Martial navvies bc framed. But that is not ult. Thu soil in which they would work would weigh vory much less, muss for mass, than th-t In whloh our térros tri ul spadesmon labour, flo that, between tho far grouter powers of Martial beings, and tho far greater lifjhtuesH of tho materials they would hnvoto doal with fn oonstructlng roads, canals, bridges, or tho Uko, WP may very reasonably conclude that the progress of such labours would be vory muoh inoro rapid, and their scale very much more Important than In tho case of our own earth. Tho essay upon Meteors ÍB, porhapB, of all the essays in this volume, the most interesting. Tho conclusions at which the author arrives are abso- lutely startling, and overwhelm tho mind with n sense of the incomprehensible grondour of tho uni voreo. Tho motion of o body moving at the rato of 5000 mllefl per second, ia almost inconceivable. On the origin nf meteor» lie writes : Now thc largest prominence yet icen had the enormous height of 160,000 miles ; and a projectile from the sun would require a Telocity of 200 miles per second at starting to attain, even through vacant spaco, to this vase height. It will scarcely bo thought too daring ta assert that tke matter of tills pro- minence must hat e had at least twice this velocity at starting, under the actual circumstances of resiBtence to which its ino- , tlon was exposed. Here, then, we have evidence of a propelling ! forooin the ann fully equal to the dlbohargeof meteoric matter In such sort as never to return cit ti or actually to his globe or on an orbital path close by him If the «ame discharge which . propelled the v*seoits substance of the great prominence to a ! height of 101,000 miles carried some dunner substance atong with lt (which seems not only credible, but exceedingly likely) and If that substance by virtue of its density passed with ¡ milch less loss of velocity through the solar atmosphere (as a 1 cannon-bull retains m noll moro Df Its velocity than the Roses { propelled along with lt) then, unquestionably, the sun rejected that matter for ever from his aubstancs on the day that the I great prominence was formed. The gas of the prominence j was checked in Its outward course by the rcelstingsolar atm OB- I phere, the denser matter only by the sun's attractive force ; , and this force. Inconceivably mighty though it Is, could only t deprive the departing matter of a portion of its velocity. A portion amounting to about 135 miles per second would still ' remain, and would carry the erupted m it ter away through a paco until it entered the domain of some other sun. it. will bo observed that, startling though me tncory moy seem, there is nothing forced about any of the suppositions on which It ls based. The theory that the solar prominences are phenomena of eruption ls regarded by tho leading observers of these objects as highly probable. If not certain. The aspect of theso strango formations shows that they are flung through a resisting medium; and, therefore, lt Is certain that they must be projected much more swiftly than we should infer by merely regarding tko ni au projectiles flung through a vacuum. It Beera» highly probrble that, DB In the case of ter- restrial volcanoes ana geysers, denser matter is tlung forth along with tho gases of the prominences. And it la certain thal such matter, like the ball from a cannon, or stones and cinders from a volcano, would be much less affected by tko reolstanco of the atmosphère than the lighter gaseous matter projected along with it. Admitting tlicso four postulates, of. which two are highly probable, aud two certainly just, it fol- lows, aa an inevitable oonclualon, that tho aun rejects matter from his substance-such rejection being final, owing to the enormous velocity Imparted to the erupted matter. And if the Bun thus rejeots matter, so also do those*other suns, the stars. Let us add to this reasoning two facts which hare been regarded as severally sufficient to establish tho strange theory that many meteors, if not mos* or even alt, have been expelled from the interior of the aune which people spaco. One of thc most, eminent microscopía ta living, and perhaps the most eminent of all who have applied the microscope to tho study bf rock substances-Sorby of Sheffield-has arrived at the conclusion that tho etructure of meteorites "cannot be explained in a satisfactory manner, except by supposing that ! their constituents were originally in tho slate of vapour, as ! they now exist in the atmosphere of tho sun." j Again, the lute Professor Graham, ono octile mont eminent I chemists of our time, was lcd to a slmilur conclusion by tho ' ol icm ind analysis of a meteor. Be had found that the iron of theLenarto meteor contains much more hydrogen*," oc- cluded" In Its substance) than con be forced into tho substance of malleable Iron. " It boB been touud diflicult," lie says, " td Impregnate mulleoblo trou with more than its own volume of hydrogen, under the pressure ol our atmosphere. Kow, the metuorlo iron (this Lomir to iron is remarkably pure and mal- leable) gave up about three times that amount, without being fully exhausted. The Inference la, that the météorite was * extruded from a denso atmosphere of hydrogen gua, for which we must look beyond the light oom eta ry matter Hooting about wl'hln the limits of our solar system. . , . ' . Hydrogen has been recognised in »ho itpectrum analysis of the light of the fixed Btora by Messrs. Huggins and Miller. The same gas constitutes, according to the wide rusoarobBs of Fathor Secohl, tho principal elements of o numerous class of stars, of whtoh Alpha Ly ric ia tho typo. The iron of Lan art o has, no doubt, ootna from such an atmosphere In which hydrogen greatly ftravailed. This meteorite may be looked upon as holding imprisoned within it and bearing to us the hydrogen of the Ido not, indeed, suppose that all meteors have had an origin of this sort. It ls almost Impossible to examine the facts willoh have been made known respecting meteors with- out arriving at the conclusion that no inconsiderable propor- tion of these bodies have not aa yet formed part of any of tho more massive orbs which are spread throughout the realms of space. It would seem a« though two procesaos were almutta \- neously at work. On the one hand, there is an aggregating process, by which meteoric matter ls brought to the surface of orbs, such os the sun and his fellow suns, our earth and other JJ lane ts, the moon and other orbs which, like her, clrelt , around the members of our own and other solar sys'cms. , On tile other, there Booms to be a process ot rejection by which , meteoric matter Ii continually being projected from tho sub Ístance of tho sun, and tho cou ntl oas millions of other Buns which oonstltuto our galactic system. The evidence which meteoric pUanoraena furnish respecting the existence of a force mightier than ! gravitation, is one of the most interesting topics ¡ comprised in the wide domain of physical astro- nomy.' On this point, however, and with respect Ito many others of an onnlagous kind/we must refer our readers to the " Borderland of Science," and the numerous other.works of its talented author. ' + 