'jghjit horton's (Br Wis Man About To.wn.) ' OhAP Vlf: f Continued: J M Carlotta," said Olive that night, as her maid brushed her long and luxuriant hair, " I have seen a ghost of the past," Then she told the girl what had occurred ; and spoke oi tne impression which Mr. Sparkle's appearance had jnade upon her memory. "It is true," cried Carlotta "I too haver seen him. He is here every even.ing." " \ / OnAP. VIII. — MR. SrABKLE. Xk Carl.'otta was right. Mr. Sparkle, with thffl foresight of the wise general, ' had sur reye'd the ground upon which, as he deemed, the battle was to be fought. Carlotta, with that singular perception ol danger which, it would seem, is an' .instinct of her race, had Watched him.i and, ere long, recognised him ae one associated with the outrage of which I hh ve spoken. Mr. Sparkle, who was thoroughly unconscious of ail this, had deeme d that the opening of his campaign had boon conducted iu the most skilful manner. -Ho had interviewed Mr. Baffles at the "Rose and Thorn, and very artfully "pumped" that gentleman: a process the more easily accomplished by reason of Mr. Duffles' singular self- satisfaotion at the happy result of his wooing. Mr. Buffles, no longer animated by a sense of insecurity in respect to the widow's affection?, no longer felt any ill-will towards Mr. Sparkle ; and from being his Rvowed enemy had become very friendly and condescending towards that gentleman. Carlotta 1 had Been them together, and had judged correctly that ill was promisod to hex miscress from the inti macy. JLike all Malays, she was incapable of believing in unsel fishness ; and recognising Mr. Sparkle, felt an instinct of danger in bis associa tion with a domestic of the house in which her mistress dwelt. She had not spoken to her mistress on the matter until Olive referred to the fact. Then in her graphic manner she to'd what she had seen. Following .upon this startling revela tion came Mr. Sparkle's introduction and Olive, with the quick suspicion of the innocent, knew tiiAt danger was at hand. Yet, when Mr. Sparkle called at the lodge, and sho wae compelled to thank him for the sei'ytce he had rendered, she did not dare reveal that she knew him ai nn enemy. Her self commnnd was most womanly. By no sign of feature or manner could Mr. Sparkle gather that sho knew him, or suspected his purpose ; and that gentleman, in speaking of the matter to his friends, was pretty confident tb3t there was no suspicion of his object. "It seems," said, he, " as ; though Providence — egad !— has interfered int our favor," at which Philip Verners laughed grimly. Mr ttorton received Mr. Sparkle's visit in the best spirit. Mr. .Sparkle was accompanied by a gentleman with whom Mrs. Horton was acquainted ; and the lady was glad to seize upon the circumstance to form an acquaintance with the gentleman who had so served her. -It is true that Mr. Sparkle's friend was nothing better than one of thoso incongruous beings who hong on to the skirts of society; but it was enough that he was tolerated, and that he was known. So it came to pass that Mr. Sparkle succeeded in edging his way into the Horton circle. Olive, while strangely moved at this, was in no wise surprised. a certain instinct' had' warned her that she was the subject of sorno subtle scheme. When, on'e day, she discovered Mr, Sparkle seated, a guest at the dinner table, she readily conceived that danger was afoot. 1 " It was with a strange and indistinct memory of ill that Olive regarded Mr. Sparkle's (lark, handsomo face.. - As she listened: to his airy talk, a remem brance of' a circumstance in which those tones were associated cam8 upon her, and with the ready imagination of her ses she conjured up the idea that an enemy was. upon her path. - Yet no matter if Mr.- Sparkle's behaviour jus tified the thought. So far as Olive was concerned he seemed strangely in- diffe'raht, directing Eis whole talk to tpe others, and- seeming to regard Miss Verners ae a ohild." -While all this. was very satisfactory to Mre.; and Miss Horton, it inspired Olive with, a keener snspicion of Mr. Sparkle's objeot. With that singular intuition which threatened danger excites within u?, she knew that in tho blands of accents to which she listened, and the airy ilcbomiaire manner of tho man who uttered them,' there reigned a subtle danger. i think that Mr. Sparkle knew this. Ho was. as I have shown, a man of the world— keen, percoptive, and ; shrewd. He early discovered that the young girl, was not to bo measured by the standard of ordinary maidens of her nge. While tbis revelation ! puzzled him, it added to the keen, zest with which he had entered upon the pursuit. Mr. Sparkle, who was a man of decided character, and who, rogue as he wps, was fastidious iu his Iikings and dislik- ings, fell in love with the _girl.| It was with a faint sense of humiliatjph that he acknowledged tbis to himself,. Indeed, it was not until Mr. Snapper— Who had watched tho progress of events with on interest which Was very natural in one concerned in the success of the scheme — remarked upon Mr. Sparkle's evident preoccupation and unusual though tful- ness..'. " I believe you have the hast of it," chuckled Mr. Snapper: " Yon ought to be grateful te me for the suggestion," " Honestly, I am," cried Mr. Sparkle,. " she, is a lovely and admirable crea ture. "She has but one fault." | . . " Ah," cried Philip Verners, who sat by in moody selfishness. "(What is that 7" "She does not nppear to appreciate the merits of an indifidual who is full of merit," responded Mr.' Sparkle. " Ah !" and Philip Verners shrugged his shoulders. But he listened with eager interest to the story which, day by day, Mr. Sparkle brought to them, One day he brought them startling news, " The girl's guardian has jsent- for her," be cried, with an oath. Philip Verners started. " Ah," said he; " then it is.time I interfered." " Cautiously ; cautiously," cried Mr." Snapper; "you must not betasb, my dear Philip, "if you' startle the game, it will escape tft."- ,v"Will it," cried.Philip Verners, with h wild oath. " I am for stern measures. Let its take the girl from them by force." ' , "My ..good sir," cried Mr. Snapper, with' a shudder, "pray reflect. You are too impulsive. " The law", my dear sir,- tho law," and here tho lawyer bowed his head in homage, " tbe law ie not to be defied' with impunity. Take toy advice, and leave matters to our friend, Sparkle. If I mistake not,' he feels an interest in the matter which : will in spire him with an idea." Mr, Sparkle laughed. " you. are right," .cried he, "money or iio money, Olive Verners shall be, mine." : Philip Vernera looked at Mb friend withA oynical smile. "That is bold speaking) Sparkle, to the ears of a brother." ..." And. suoh a brother," oried Sparkle, with unusual bitterness, , , The two men regarded each other steadfastly"; Each rend in the others faco that in' Olive Vomers there existed an olement of contention which was likely to lead to ill blood between tbem. Each man felt tbis ; ench was' unwilling to acknowledge it to himself. .Chapter . IX — Philip Vernees'- Ci.aim, John Horton had lost no time in ar ranging for tho reception of bis ward at the station. He was aotuated by an eager desire to secure the constant as sociation with the sweet young creature, who, in good "truth, had beamed upon him :a?> sunshine. A , man of slow and oven apathetic disposition, he was full of warm and generous feeling ; and when he found himself the pro tector and guardian of a being whose beauty of person and mental qualities alike appealed to his admiration, the full generous energy of his nature becRmo.involved. He went about the business in his usual ' matter : of fact manner. He engaged a governess for his ward — one of those admirable creatures who ad- vertise in the papers as .being possessed of every learning and accomplishment under the sun. This dose, hr wrote to Olive that be was ready to receive her. and that upon a certain day he would come himself to oenduot her to her new home. , Mr. Sparkle happened To b e a guest at dinner when John Horton .came in. Mr. Bufflss, the butloiy to whom Mr. Sparkle's extraordinary sQcinl; success was a mystery, he , was . constantly en gaged in debating," watf "rather gratified to observe that John" Horton regarded the fascinating Sparkle "with some dis favor; " Indeed, . tho qualities which recommended that gentleman to the lacfjes were not of'a nature to attract a man like John Horton.,, The gay and superficial talk and. manner of Mr. Sparkle,' while it exoited' tbe interest; and admiration of Mrs. "Horton and her elder daughter — and, indeed, of Edith also— grated harshly upon John Horton'a sense of dignity and manli ness, ' V , ' "Tho fellow is a . rogue," be reflected, and, as- we' know, lie was right. To Olive, the . appearancer of her guardian was most welcome. Tho girl hailed him as one might a preserver. .She was in a most unhappy position - and ! her guardian's appearance pro mised to relieve her from it. So that the glad smile and eager light in her face which welcomed him were not all due to the affection oh'e already bore him. Y To hi continued in our next. ) . 