CHAPTER XLV.-AN APPARITION. " But, after all," hf» suddenly resumed, as if a new thought had struck him, "it is quite such folly, after all? It really strikes me, dear Maud, that the subject may be worth a second thought. No, no, you won't refuse to hear me," he said, ob serving me on the point of protesting. " I am, of course, assuming that you aro fancy free. " I am assuming, too, that you don't care twopence about Dudley, and oven that you.fancy you dislike him. You know in that pleasant play, poor Sheridan delightful!-all our line spirits are dead-hemakes Mrs. Malaprop say there is nothing like beginuing with a little aversion. Now, though in matrimony, of course, that is only a joke, yet iu love, believe me, it is no such thing. His own marriage with Miss Ogle, I know, was a caso in poiut. She ex pressed a positive horror of him at their first ac quaintance ; and yet, I believe, she would, a few months later, have died rather than not have mar ried him," I was again about to speak, but with a smile he beconed me into silence. " There are two or three points you must beni* in mind. One of the happiest privileges of your fortuno is that you may, without imprudence, marry for love There aro few men in England who could offer you an estât o comparable with tho.t you already possess; or, in fact, appreciably increase the splendour of your fortune. If, there fore, he were in all other respects eligible, I can't seo that his poverty would be nu' objection to weigh for one moment. He is quite a rough dia mond. Ho has been, like aiau> young men bf the highest rank, too much ' given up to athletic sport*-to that society which constitutes the aristocracy of tho ring and the turf, aud all that kind of Ihin.qr. You seo, I am putting all tho worst points first. But I hove known so many young men in my day. ofter a madcap career of a few years among prize-fighters, wrestlers, and jockeys-learning their slang and affecting their manners-take up and cultivate tho graces and the decencies. There was poor dear Newgate, many degrees lower in that kind of frolic who, when he grew tired of it, became ono of tho most elegant and accomplished men in the House of Peers. Poor Newgate, he's gone, too ! I could reckon up fifty of my early friends who all began like Dudley, and all 'turned out, moro or less, like Newgate." At this moment came a knock at the door, ar Dudley put iu his head most inopportunely f the vision of his future graces and accomplis m"Jíy good fellow," said his father, with a shai sort of playfulness, " 1 happen to be talking aboi DIV sou, and should rather not be ovorliean you will, therefore, choose another time for yoi * # * f i) T Dudley hesitated gruffly at tho door, but anotln look from his father dismissed him. «And now, my dear, you are tu remember th! Dudley has fine qualities-tho most uft'ectiona in his rough way that ever father was blesse with; most admirable qualities-indómita!) courage, and a high sense of honour; and lastl; that he has the Ituthyn blood-the purest blood, maintain it, in England." My uncle, as he said tin«, drew himself up little, unconsciously, his thin band laid ligbtl over'his heart with a little patting motion, an his countenance looked so strangely dignified an melancholy, that in admiring contemplation of i I lost some sentences which followed next. "Therefore, dear, naturally anxious that my bo should not bo dismissed from home-as he mus be, should you persevere in rejecting bis suit w that you will reserve your decision to this da fortnight, when I will with much pleasure hen what you may have to say on the subject. But ti¡ then, observe me, not a word." That evening he and Dudley -vtfsre closeted for j0Dg time. I suspect that he lectured him on th psychology of ladies; for a bouquet was ltd beside my'plate every morning at breakfast, whie it must have been troublesome to get, for the con servatoryat Bartram was a desert. In a few day more an anonymous green parrot arrived, in a gil cage, with a little note in a clerk's hand, addresse« to "Miss Ituthyn (of Knowl), Bartram-IIaugh, kc. It contained only " Directions for carin; green parrot," at the close of which, underlined the words appeared-" Tho bird's name is Maud." The bouquets I invariably left on the tablecloth where I found them-the bird I insisted on Milly' keeping as her property. During the intervening fortnight Dudley never appeared, ns he used some times to do before, at luncheon, nor looked in tv the window as we were at breakfast, ile con tented himself with one day placing himself in an way in the hall in his shooting accoutrements, and with a clumsy, shuffling kind of respect, and hai in hand, he said "I think, Miss, I must a spoke uncivil t'othei day. 1 was so awful put ¡ibout, and did'nt know no moro nor a child what T. was saying ; and J wanted to tell ye I'm sorry for it, and 1 beg yom pardon-very humble, Ï do." I did not know what to say. I therefore said nothing, but mado a grave inclination, and passed on. Two or three times Milly and I saw him at a little distance in our walks. 1 Io never attempted to join us. Once only he passed so near that some recognition was inevitable, and he stopped and in silence lifted his hat with au awkward respect, But although he did not approach us, he wa« ostentatious with a kind of telegraphic civility in the distance. Ile opened gates, he whistled' hts dogs to "heel," he drov* away cattle, and then himself withdrew. I really think ho watched us occasionally to render these services, for in this distant way we encountered him decidedly oftener than we used to do before his flattering proposal I of marriage. You may be sure that we discussed, Milly and I, that occurrence pretty constantly in ¡ill sorts of moods. Limited as had been her experience of human society, she very clearly saw now bow far below its presentable' level was her hopeful brother. The fortnight pped swiftly, ns time always does when something we dislike and shrink from awaits usât its close. I never saw Uncle Silas during that period. It may seem odd to those who merely read the report of our last interview, in which his manner had been more playful and his talk more trifling than in any other. It was with a forebod ing of evil and an awful dejection that on a very èrk day, in Milly's room, I awoited the summons which I was sure'would reach mo from my punc tual guardian. As I looked from tho window upon tho slanting rain mid leaden sky, and thought of the hated interview that awaited me, I passed my hand to my troubled heart, and murmured, " Oh, that I «ad wings like a dove ! then would I flee .away, Md be at rest." Just then the prattle ot' the parrot struck my eflr. I looked round on th« wire cage, aud re membered the words. " The bird's name is Maud." "Poor bird !" I said. " I darn say, Milli »ifc ,n»£s w Ret out. If it wpre a native of this country, would not you like to open the window anti then t ie door of that cruel cage, and let tho poor thiug fly «woy P" "Master wants Miss Mnud," said Wyatt's disa greeable tones, at the half-open door." I followed in silence, with the pressure of a near »tan at my heart, like a person going to an opera When I entered tho room my heart beat so fast «|at I could hardly speak. Tho tall form of Uncle MAS roso before mo, and I made him a faltering reverence. He darted from nuder his brows a wild, fierce S'iince tit old Wyatt, and pointed to the door im periously with his skeleton finger. The door shut, «nu we were alone. "m,c'm'r ?" no said, minting to a seat. faltered'1'1 ymi' Unc1"' 1 ï*'eEer 8t,mtliD8" 1 j1« also stood-his whitn head bowell forward \--the¡phosphoric glare of his strange eyes shone 'pourne from under his brows-his finger-nails JUktreatert on tho table. .iou saw tho Ingga go corded and addressed, aBkod tnUtlS VßiUly J'"V mnoval in tho 111111 ?" h0 I liad, Milly nnd I had read the cards which Un i! from the trunk-handles and gun-case. »o address was-" Mr. Dudley R, Kuthyn, Paris, l,a Dover." "l am old-agitated-on the evo of a decision "1 winch much depends. Pray relievo my suspense. rm« . Son to lpaT Bartram to-da.v in sorrow or to «main m joy ? pV!ly answer quickly." i stammered I know not what. I was inco "irent-wild, perhaps; but somehow I expressed my meaning-my unalterable decision. I thought his hps grew whiter and his eves shone brighter as I spoke. When I had quite made an end ho heaved a gr«at sigh, and turning his eyes slowly to the right and tho loft, like aman ina helpless distrac tion, he whispered- 1 " God's will be done." I thought he was upon the point of fainting-a clay tint darkened the white of his face; and seem ing to forget my presence, he sat down, looking with a despairing scowl on his ashy, old hand, as it lay upon the table. . I. stood gazing ¡it him, feeling almost as if I had murdered the old man-he still gazing askance, with an imbecile scowl, upon his hand. " Shall I go, Sir ?" I at length found courage to whisper. '.Go?" he said, looking up suddenly; and it seemed to me as if a stream of cold sheet light ning had crossed and enveloped me for a moment. " Go ?-oh !-a-yes, Maud-go. I must see poor Dudley before his departure," he added, as it were, in soliloquy. Trembling lest he should revoke his permission to depart, I glided quickly and noiselessly from the room. Old Wyatt was prowling outside, with a cloth m her hand, pretending to dust the carved door case. She frowned a stare of inquiry over her shrunken arm on me, as I passed. Milly, who had been on the watch, ran and met me. We heard my uncle's voice, as I shut tho door, calling Dud ley. He had been waiting probably in the adjoin ing room. I hurried into my chamber, with Milly at my side, and there my agitation found relief in tears, as that of girlhood naturally does. A little while after we saw from the window Dudley, looking, I thought, very pale, get into a vehicle, on the top of which his luggage lay, and drive away from Bartram. I began to take comfort. His departure was an inexpressible relief. His final departure 1 a dis tant journey ! Wo had tea in Milly's room that night. Fire light and candles nre inspiring. In that red glow I always felt and feel more safe, as well as more comfortable, than in the daylight-quite irration ally, for we know tho night is tho appointed day of such as love the darkness better than light, and evil walks thereby. But so it is. Perhaps the very consciousness of external danger enhances the enjoyment of the well-lighted interior, just as tho storm does that roars and hurtles over the roof. While Milly and I were talking, very cosily, a knock came to the room door, and without wait ing for an invitation to enter, old Wytitt came in, and glowering at us, with her brown claw upon the door-handle, she said to Milly " Ye must leave your f unnin', Miss Milly, and take your turn in your father's room." " ls ho ill ?" 1 asked. She answered, addressing not me, but Milly "A wrought two hours in a fit arter Master Dudley went. 'Twill be the death o' him, I'm thinkin', poor old fellah. I wor sorry myself when I saw Master Dudley a going off in the moist to day, poor fellah. There's trouble enough in the ; family without a* that; but 'twont be a family long, I'm thinkin'. Nout but trouble, nout but trouble, since late changes came." Judging by the surly glance she threw on me as she said this, I concluded that I represented those "late changes" to which all the sorrows of the house were referred. 1 felt unhappy under the ill-will even of this odious old woman, being one of those unhappily constructed mortals who cannot be indifferent when they reasonably ought, ancl always yearn after kindness, even that of the worthless. " I must go. I wish you'd come wi' me, Maud, I'm so afraid all alone," said Milly, imploringly. " Certainly, Milly," I answered, not liking it, you may be'sure ; " you shan't sit there alone." So together we went, old Wyatt cautioning us for our lives to make no noise. We passed through the old man's sitting-room where that day had occurred his brief but momen tuousr interview with me, and his parting with his only son, and entered the bed-room at the further end. A low fire burned in the grate. The room was in a sort of twilight. A dim lamp near tho foot of the bed at tho further side, was the only light burning th er*». Old Wyatt whispered an in junction not to spoak abov'o our breaths, nor to leave the fireside unless the sick man called or showed signs of weariness. These were the direc tions of the Doctor, who had been there. So Milly and I sat ourselves down near the hearth, and old Wyatt loft us to our resources. We could hear the patient breathe ; but ho was quite still. In whispers we talked; but our conversa tion flagged. I was, after my wont, upbraiding myself for the suffering I had inflicted. After about half an hour's desultory whispering, and in tervals, growing longnr and longer, of silence, it was plain that Milly was falling asleep. She strove against it, and 1 tried hard to keep her talking ; but it would not do, sleep overcame her; and I was tho only person in that ghastly room in a btate of perfect consciousness. There were associations connected with my last vigil there to make my situation very nervous and disagreeable. Had I not had so much to occupy I my mind of a distinctly pratical kind, Dudley's audacious suit, my uncle's questionable toleration of it, and my own conduct throughout that most disagreeable period of my existence, I should have I felt my present situation a great deal more. As it was, I thought of my real troubles, and ! something ol: Cousin Knollye, and,I confess, a good dual of Lord II bury. When looking towards tbi door I thought I saw a human face, about the most terrible my fancy could have called up, looking fixedly into tho room, lt was only a "three quarter," and not the whole figure, tho door hid that in a great measure, and I fancied I saw, too, a portion of the fingers. The faced gazed toward the bed, and in the imperfect light looked like n livid mask, with chalky eyes. 1 had so often been startled by similar appari tions formed by accidental lights and shadow.' disguising homely objects, that I stooped forward, expecting though tremulously, to' seo this tre mendous" one in like manner dissolve itself into its harmless elemonts ; and now, to my unspeak able terror, I became perfectly certain that I saw the countenance of Madame de la Rougierre. With a cry, 1 started back, and shook Milly furi ously from her trance, " Look ! look !" I cried. But the apparition or illusion was gone. I clung so fast to Milly's arm, cowering behind her, that she could not ris*\ " Milly ! Milly ! Milly ! Milly !» I went on cry ing, like one struck with idiotcy, and unable to say anything else. In a' panic Milly, who bad seen nothing, and coukl cenjecture nothing of the cause of my terror, jumped up, and clinging to one another,'we huddled together into the corner of the room, I still crying wildly, "Milly! Milly! Milly"! and nothing else. " AVhat is it-where is it-what do you see ?" cried Milly, clinging to me as I did to her. " It will come agaiu ; it will come ! oh, heaven !" " What-what is it, Maud ?" "The face! the face!" I cried, «Oh, Milly! Milly! Milly!" We heard a step softly approaching tho open door, and in a horrible sauve qui peut, we rushed and stumbled together toward the light by Uncle Silas's bed. But old Wyatt's voice and figuro re assured us. " Milly," I said, so soon as, pale and very faint. I reached my apartment, " no power on earth shall ever tempt me to enter that room again after dark." "Why, Maud dear, what, in Heaven's name, did you see ?" said Milly, scarcely less terrified. "Oh, I can't; I can't; I can't, Milly. Nevor ask me. It is haunted. The room is haunted horribly." " Was it Charke ?" whispered Milly, looking ovet her shoulder, all aghast. "No, no-don't ask me; a fiend in a worse shape." I was relieved at last by a long fit ol weeping ; and all night good Mary Quince sat bj me, and Milly slept by my side. Starting and screaming, and drugged with salvolatile, I got through that night of supernatural terror, and saw tho blessed light of heaven again. Doctor Jolks, when ho came to see my uncle in the morning, visited me also. He pronounced mc very hysterical, made minute inquiries respectinp ra y hours and diet, asked what J had had for din ner yesterday. There was something a little com forting in his cool and confident pooh-poohing ol tlie ghost theory. The result was a regimen whici excluded tea, and imposed chocolate and porter, earlier hours, and I forget ali beside; and he under took to promise that, if I would hut observe hit directions, I should never sea a ghoBt again. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 