.HOBaOir CffiEELETS A&RIOUIi; ' TUBAL EXPERIENCES. " fConcluded from our last.) I had sped across Europe to Venice, andinoted with interest the admirable, effective irrigation of the great plain of Lombardy, before I could call any land my own. I saw there a region perhaps thirty miles wide by one bun dred and fifty along the east bank of the Po, rising very gently thence to the foo otf the Austrian Alps, which Providence seems to have especially adapted to be improved by irrigation. The torrents of melted snow which in spiring leap and foam adown the southern face of the Alps, bringing with them the finer particles of soil, are suddenly arrested and form lakes. (Sards, Maggiore, Corao, etc.) just as they emerge upon the plain. These lakes,;;slowly rising, often overflow their banks, with those of the small rivers that, bear their waters westward to. the Po; and this- overflow was a natural source of abiding fertility. To dam these: outlets, and thus control their currents,' was a very simple and obvious device of long ago, and.was probably begun by a very few. in dividuals (if by more than one) whose success excited emulation, ;.until the present extensive and costly system of irrigating dams and canals was gradu ally developed. When I traversed Lombardy in July, 1851, the beds of streams naturally as large as the Pemigewassett, Battenkill, Canada Creek, or Humboldt, were- utterly dry; the water, which would naturally have flowed; therein being wholly transferred to an irrigating canal (or canals) often two or three miles dis tant. The' reservoirs thus created were filled in spring, when the streams wiere .fullest and their water richest, and gradually drawn upon throughout the later growing season to cover the carefully-levelled and graded fields on ' either side to the depth of an inch or two at a time. If any failed to be Boon absorbed by the soil, it was drawn off as here superfluous, and added to the current employed to moisten and fertilize the .field next below it; and so field-after field was refreshed and enriched, tothe husbandman's . satis faction and profit. It may be that the rich glades of English Lancashire bear heavier average, crops; but those of Lombardy are rarely excelled on the globe. Why should not our Atlantic slope have its Lombardy ? Utah, Nevada, and California', exhibit raw, crude suggestions of such a system; but why should, the irrigation of the New "World be confined to regions where it is indispensable, when that of the Old ib not'? I know no good reason whatever for leaving an American field unirrigated where water to flow it at will can be had at moderate cost. When I first bought land (1853) I fully purposed to provide for irri gating, my-; nearly level acres at will, and I constructed two dams across my upland stream with that yiew; but they were so badly planned, that they went off in the flood caused by a tremendous rain the next spring; and, though I rebuUt one of them, 1 submitted to a miscalculation which provided for taking the water, by means of a syphon, out of the pond at the top and over the bank that rose fifteen or twenty feet above the surface of the water. Of course air would work into the pipe after it had carried a stream unex ceptionably for two or three days, and their the water run no longer. Had I taken it from the bottom of my pond through my dammit would have run for ever (or so long as there was water covering its inlet in the pond); but bad engineering flung me, and I have never since had the heart, (or the means) to revise and correct its errors. My next-attempt was on a .much humbler scale, and.I engineered it my self.^-Toward the north end of my farm, the, hill-Bide which rises east of my lowland is broken by; a swale or terrace, which gives me three or four acres of tolerably level upland,'along the upper edge of which five or Bix flpriqgfl, which never wholly fail, burst from the rocks above and unite to form a pretty runnel, which dries up in very hot "or dry weather, but which usually preserved a tiny stream .to be lost in the:swainp below.: North of the gully out down the lower hill-side ; by this streamlet, the hill-side of some three acres is quite Bteep, still partially wooded and wholly devoted to pastur age; Making a petty dam across this funnel attbe top of the lower acclivity, I turned the stream aside, so that it should henceforth run along the crest of this lower hill, falling off gradually 80 ^as to secure a free current, and losingats' contents at intervals through yaHabledepressions in its lower bank. Dam.and artificial watercourse together cost me 90 dollars, which waS' about twice what it should have been. That rude and petty contrivance has now been ten years in operation, and may have cost 5 dollars per annum.for over sight and repairs. Its effect has been to double the grass grown" on the two . acres it constantly, irrigates, for which I paicl 280 dollars^ or more than thrice the cost of mv irrigation. But more": my hill-side, while it was welU grassed in spring, always gave out the,- first. . dry or hot week;, so that . when I most needed feed, it afforded none; its herbage, being patched lip . and dead, and thus remaining till -re freshed by generous rains. I judge,; therefore, that.,my irrigation has more than doubled the product of those two acres,'and that these are likely to lose nothing in yield or value so long as that petty irrigating ditch shall be maintained. I know this is small business. But suppose' each, of- the hundred thousand New England farms, whereof; five to ten acres might be thus irrigated at a cost not exceeding 100 dollars per farm, had been similarly prepared to overflow those acres last spring and early summer, with an average increase therefrom of barley one ton of hay (or its equivalent. in pasturate) per acre. The 500,000 tons of hay thus realized would have , saved 200,000 head of cattle from being sent tothe butcher while too thin for good \- beef, while everyone of them was re required for further use, and will have to be replaced at a heavy cost. Shall; not these things be considered ? Shall not at ail wbo ~can do so at moderate cost resolve to test on tbeir own farms 'the advantages and benefits that may. be secured, by " irrigation ?. I took a run through Virginia last summer, not far from the 1st of August. That state was then suffering intensely from drouth, as she continued to do for Bome weeks thereafter! I am quite sure that I saw on her thirsty plains and hillsides not less than three hundred thousand acres; planted with Indian j com, whereof the average - product could not exceed ten bushels, per acre, while the most of it would fall far below that yield, and there were thousands of acres that would not produce one sound ear! Every one deplored the rfaUure, correctly attribut ing it to the'^pr6Vailing;''drbuth^t'!ADd! yet I passed hundreds if not thousands of places, where a very moderate outlay would have sufficed to dam a stream or. brooklet issuing from ; between two spurs of the Blue Ridge, or the Alleg henies, so that a refreshing current of the copious and fertilizing . floods of winter and spring, warmed by the fervid suns of June and July, could have been led over broad fields lying below, so as to vanquish drouth and ensure generous harvests. Nay, I feel confident that I'could in many places have constructed rude works in a week, after that drouth began to be felt, that would hare saved and made the corn on at least a portion of the planted acres through which the How shrunken brooks'danced and laughed idly down to the larger streams in the wider and equally thirsty valleys. Of course I know this would have been imperfect irrigation-a. mere stop-gap -that the cold spring-water of a parched summer cannot fertilise as the hill-wash of winter and spring, if thriftily garnered and"warmed through and through for sultry weeks, would do; yet I believe that very many farmers might even then have se cured partial crops by such irri gation as was still possible, had they, even at the eleventh hour, done their best to retrieve the errors of the.past. I first framed for myself in 1845 on a plat of eight acres, in what was then the open country- skirting the East .River nearly abreast the lower point of Blackwell's Island, near Fiftieth-street, on a little indentation of the shore known as Turtle Bay. None of the Aveuues east of Third was then opened above Thirtieth-street; and the neigh bourhood, though now perforated by streets and covered with houses, was as rural and secluded as heart could wish. One fine spring morning a neighbour called and offered to plough for 5 dols. my acre of tillage not cut up by rows of box and other wood, and I.told him to go ahead. I came home next eve ning just as he was finishing the job, which I contemplated most: ruefully. His plough was a pocket edition; his team a single horse; his furrows at most five inches deep. I paid him, but told him plainly that I would rather 'have given the money for no thing. He insisted that he had I ploughed for me as he ploughed for I others all around me. "I will tell I you," I rejoined, " exactly how this | will work. Throughout the spring and early summer we shall have frequent rains and moderate heat: thus far, my crops will do well. But then will come j hot weeks, with little or no rain; and j they will dry up this shallow soil and everything planted thereon." The re sult Bignally justified my prediction. We had frequent rains and cloudy mild weather till the 1st of July, when the clouds vanished, the sun came out intensely hot, and we bad scarcely a sprinkle-till ithe 1st of September, by which time my corn and potatoes had about given up the ghost. Like the seed which fell on stony ground in the Parable of the Sower, that which I had planted had withered away because " therejwas no rootand my prospect for a harvest was utterly blighted, where, with twelve inches of loose, fertile, well-pulverized earth at their roots, my crops would have been at least respectable. When I became once more a farmer in a small way on my present place, I had not forgotten the lesson, and I.triedto have ploughed deeply and thoroughly so much land as I had-ploughed at all. My first sum mer here (1853) was a very dry one, and crops failed in consequence around me and all over the country j yet mine were at least fair,' and I was largely indebted for them to relatively deep ploughing. I have since . suffered from frost (on my low land), from the-rotting df seed in the ground, from the ravages of insects, &c.; but never by drouth, and I am entirely confident that deep ploughing has done , me excellent service. My only trouble J has.been to get it done, for there are apt to be reasons (haste, lateness in the season; &c.;) for ploughing shallowy | for "just this time," : with full intent to do henceforth better. I have two bits of warm gravelly hill-side, which bountifully yield corn, wheat and oats, but which,are addicted to washing. I presume one of these bits, at the south east corner of my farm, has been ploughed! and planted noteless than one hundred times, and that at least! half the fertilizers applied to it have been washed into the brook, and-hence I into the Hudson. To say that - 1,0U0 ! dols. have thus been squandered on thaj. patch of-ground would be to keep far within the truth. And, along with the fertilizers, a large portion of the finer and better elements of the original soil have thus been swept into the brook, and so lavished upon the waters of our bay.. But since I had those lots thoroughly subsoiled, all the water that falls upon them , when in tillage sirikB:into the soil, and remains there until draineid away by filtration or, evaporation; and'. I. never saw a particle of soilj washed from either save once," when a thaw of one or two inches on _ the surface, leaving the ground solidly frozen beneath, being' quickly followed by pouring rain, wished away a few bushels of the loosened and sod den surface, proving that the law by virtue of which these fields were formerly' denuded while in cultivation is still active, anil that deep ploughing; is an effective /and. all but -unfailing; antidote for the evil it tends to;incite.; I have jused guano frequently, and, though it lias generally made its mark, I never yet felt sure that it returned me a profit over its cost. Phosphates have dona , better, especially where applied. to' corn in the hill, either at the.time of planting or later ; yet ray strong impression is that flour of bone, applied broadcast and freely, especially when wheat or oats are'i sown on a field that is to be laid down* to grass, pays better and more surely, than any thing else I order; Ifrotn | the / city, gypsum, and possibly oyster-shell lime excepted. My experience can be no safe guide for others, since it is not proved that the anterior condition and needs of their soils are precisely like those of mine. Ten or twelve years ago I. boughta pound or ;;more of locust-seed rather late >in the spring, Bcalded it by plunging for a moment the little cotton bag which held; it into a pot of boiling water, and letting the seed steep and steam in the bag: till next morning, when the seed was planted in rows in a newly broken bit of poor old pasture land. .This was a mistake; I%should have given that seed the richest available spot in my garden, to say nothing of planting it as early as April 20th. My locusts came up slowly and grew feebly: that year, not to Bpeak of the many seeds that did not Qprout at all. Still many came up and survived, and my place is this day the richer fo^hem. My upland has a gravelly rocky soil, not natural to grassland bad been; pastured to,death for at least a century before I bought it; yet it has yielded me an average of not less than tons to the acre for the last sixteen years, and will not yield less while I am allowed to farm it. My lowland (bog when I bought it) is bound hence to yield more; but, while imperfectly or not at all drained, it was of course a poor reliance-yield ing bounteously in spots, in others little or nothing. In nothing else is shiftless, slovenly farming so apt to betray itself as in the culture of grass. Fifty years ago I judge that the greater part of the bay made in New England was cut from sour boggy land, that was devoted Jo, grass simply because nothing else could be done with it. I have helped to carry ; the crop off on poles 'from considerable tracts on which oxen could not venture without miring. It were superfluous to add that no well-bred animal would eat such stuff, unless the choice were between it and absolute starvation. In my boyhood I hoed Indian corn diligently for weeks at a time, drawing^the earth- froui be tween the rows up about the stalks to a depth of three or four inches; thus forming hills which the West has since taught me to be of no use, but rather a detriment embarrassing the efforts of the growing plants to throw out their roots extensively in every 'direction,' and subjecting them to needless injury from drouth. I am thoroughly con vinced that corn, properly planted, will, like wheat and all other.grains, root it Belf just deep. enough in the .ground, and that to keep down all weeds ? and leave the surface of the cornfield open', mellow, aud perfectly flat, is the best [ as well as the cheapest way to cultivate corn. I have built some stone walls at first, not very well; but for the last j ten years my rule has been : Yery j little fence on a farm, but that little of a kind that asks no forbearance-of the wildest bull that ever wore a horn. The last wall I built cost me at least 5 dols. per rod ; and it is worth the money. Beginning by ploughing its bed and turning the two furrows to gether, so as to raise the ground a foot and make a shallow ditch on either side, I built a wall thereon, which will outlast my younger child. - An ordinary wall dividing a wood on the north from an open field of sunny gravelly loam j on the south, would have been partly I thrown dpwn and wholly twisted out of shape in a few years by the thawing of the earth under its sunny side, while it remained firm as a rock-on the north; but the ground is always dry under ray entire wall; so nothing freezes there, and there is consequently nothing to thaw and let down my wall. I shall be Borely disappointed if thafc walldoes not outlast my memory," and be known as a thorough barrier to'roving cattle long - after the name . of its original owner shall have, been forgotten. I must have attended, not, less than fifty State or County Fairs for the exhibi tion (mainly) of Agricultural Machines and products. From all these I should have learned something, and presume I did; but I cannot now say what. Henco, I conclude that these fairs are not what they might and should be. In other words, they should be im proved.^-I have been having much ploughing done this fall in my orchards, for what I presume to be the good of the trees; on my drained swamp, because it is not yet fully subdued and sweetened, and ' I judge that the win ter's freezing and thawing will aid to bring it into condition. And then my swamp lies so low and absolutely flat that the thaws and rains of sprin® reiider ploughing it in season for oats* or any other crop that requires early seeding, a matter.of doubt arid;diffi culty. All the land ' I now cultivate, or seek to cultivate, has already been well ploughed more thau once; no stump or stone impeded progress in the tracts I have ploughed this fill . yet a good plough,, drawn by two strong yoke, of oxen, rarely'breaks;up half-an acre per day; and l estimate two acres per week about i what has been aver aged, at a cost of 18 dols. for the ploughman and driver; offsetting the ; oxen's labour against the work done ! by the men at the barn and elsewhere apart from ploughing. In other words, I am. confident that my ploughing has cost mo from first to last at least 10 dols.:;per-acre, and would have. cost still more if it, had been;'done as thoroughly as it ought. I am quite aware that this is\ high-that 'sandy soils and dry loams are ploughed much cheaper; and that farmers who plough well (with whom X do not rank those j who scratch .the earth to a depth, of i four or five inches) do it at. a much lower ratel " Still, I estimate' the j average cost in this country of plough ing land twelve inches deep at 5^ols. | per acre; audJI am confident that it does not cost;; one r cent iesa.' .Mark Lane Express. 