PUNCH'S PARLIAMENTARY SPIRIT. EDNESDA Y July 3. In the Council , the in habitants of East Maitland complained through Mr. Russell that the name of that important suburb of Sydney had been left out in the Electoral Playbills, and that consequently the world would, in all probability, forget that there was any such suburb in existence. Mr. Ogilvie played the rdle (electoral) of Richard III. He said that the ghost of Clarence sat heavy on his soul. He also remarked that he wanted to do away with Richmond; in other words, he asked the House to join the two electorates together. Heaven, however, did not smile upon the con junction ( Shakspeare ). The electorates of Mudgee and Cudgeegong — that true concord of wml tuned sounds — were by union married, and changed into the single electorate of Mudgee-Cudgeegong, or Cudgee-Mudgeegong. The naturalization clause was left unpared. Mr. Innes pro forma ( Query — on behalf of the bench ? — Ed. S. P.) moved the first reading of the Barrister's Admission Bill. In the Assembly, Ministers stated in answer to questions, that during the past twelve months, thirty-three gentlemen had vacated their apartments at Darlinghurst, and that by a most extraordinary and inexplicable coin cidence forty -five robberies had taken place during the same period ; that the Gulgongers would have their common, and that the member for the Gold Fields West, would, of course, be allowed to graze upon it ; that the Colonial Secretary did not think it necessary to give the names of the influential but mythical residents, who objected to Mr. porsters court-nouse at Gundaroo, and that, as had been observed before, Mr. Forster's conduct during the session had not been such as to entitle him to a court-house — or even a road — from the Government. Mr. Combes then attacked the Head of the Government, and cleared the air considerably. He proved, 1st, — That the Governor was supposed to have ears, but not long ones. 2nd, — That the Colo nial Secretary was supposed to have a tongue. 3rd, — That bush- rangers are supposed to have legs and fingers — and those long ones. He also remarked, parenthetically, that the inhabitants of the colony had eyes, and that the members of the Assembly had noes. He accused Mr. Parkes of disingenuousness. Mr. Parkes replied that his past career would be a sufficient refutation of the charge of dis ingenuousness. His defence to the other charges was this : he had not ventured to obtrude his humble advice upon the Governor. He had, indeed, respectfully hinted that it would be better not to release Gardiner ; but, on the other hand, he had deferentially pointed out that the true interests of the country would be best served by setting the prisoner at liberty. But he had not given any advice — his poor unworthy efforts had been confined to a mere'&spla-; nation. He had, however, pointed out to H. E. that Mr. Forster's signature was attached to the petition, and had, thereby, as he (Mr. Parkes) thought, used the strongest possible argument at his com mand against the release of the prisoner. He, however, had always thought that criminals should be left to the workings of their own consciences — that the remorse which followed upon crime, was of itself a sufficient punishment — and that prisons should be abolished, as relics of barbarism. If no hope of release were held out to the unfortunate prisoners, Darlinghurst Gaol would be worse than Pan demonium or the Legislative Assembly. Besides, the prisoners were young, and young snakes and rats could do no harm. — Mr. Butler thought it hard that this interesting brood of young vipers should be let loose, after he had taken the trouble to catch, cage, and tame them. Mr. Buchanan was of opinion that the minions of the Government should have prevented the vice-regal despot from sending forth from the luxurious divans of Darlinghurst this herd of bloodthirsty leeches, to swoop down upon and devour the crime-stained carcase of this unhappy land. Thurday, June 4. — In the Council, Mr. Docker asked Mr. Samuel whether anybody was responsible for Gardiner's liberation. Mr. Samuel didn't like to say. Mr. Parkes had not yet issued instructions. He thought that nobody was responsible. Mr. C. Campbell thought that the Council was being snubbed out of existence. In the Assembly, Ministers stated that the Medical Bill would be brought in by the next Government, and that the Government had several Court-houses on hand, to be distributed amongst the best voters. — Mr. J. Robertson then resumed the Gardiner debate. He did not blame the Governor for consenting to the release. Mr. Forster's name was attached to the petition, and who could resist Mr. Forster ? Captain Onslow thought that the bushrangers were to be released in consequence of an agreement to that effect made between the Pacific Mail Company and Mr. Parkes. Free passages were to be granted to England, on condition that the whole gang should return with their pals. Then a reign of terror would be established. Mr. Parkes would be created First Consul, and then Emperor. Mr. Stewart would bring out an opera company, and build a theatre. Then Mr. Lloyd would establish a free-trade in bushrangers, and the whole country would go to ruin. Mr. Fitz- patrick brought in twenty or thirty big books, and proved, to his own satisfaction, 1st, — That the Governor had never asked his ministers for advice ; that he ought to have done so ; that he was, therefore, right in not doing so. 2nd, — That the Ministers ought to have given their advice ; that their advice, if given, ought to have been taken ; that they were, therefore, right in not giving it. 3rd, — That there had been a great deal of noise in the House. 4th, — That the Governor ought not to release Gardiner — that he ought not to break his word ; that he ought, therefore, to do both and neither. Mr. Hoskins was unable to follow the lucid arguments of the last speaker. As he was, however, instructed to oppose the application on behalf of the prisoner, he would do his best. He therefore did it. Friday, June 5, — Ministers stated that the Council of Education didn't know anything about a letter in the Evening News of the 18th May ; that they had shut their eyes while it was being written, and turned their backs while it was being posted. Mr. Parkes wished to clear Mr. Forster's character. Mr. Forster strongly objected. As he afterwards remarked to a friend, it was inconsistent that a pot should call a kettle black ; but that a pot should attempt to whitewash a kettle was the height of the ridiculous. Tuesday, June 9. In the Council, Mr. Charles Campbell pro mised to add fourteen new clauses to the Electoral Bill. The House adjourned while they were being printed. In the Assembly, Mr. Lloyd explained in answer to Mr. Buchanan, that the Government didn't distribute the proceeds of the Church Lands among the Churches. The Government kept the money for them and allowed them the interest. 