OxcEinore the subject of Spiritism lias cropped up ill Melbourne, public attention having been again directed to tlie matter by tke visit of anotlicr medium, Mr. C. H. FOSTER, whose seances during liis brief slay in the colony were numerously attended. The success of these seances appears from all accounts to liave varied in accordance with the auiouiit of faith possessed by Mr. FOSTER'S visitors, in the doctrine of which he is the apostle. Thus several ardent believers in the truth of Spiritism liave had their faitli strengthened and confirmed. To them were vouchsafed special manifestations. For their behoof Mr. FOSTER read sealed letters with the back of his head, and allowed'his fl&sli; to be converted into a species of signboard, whereon the spirits inscribed their autograplis in " letters of blood." On the oilier hand, hard-headed, matter of feet, sceptics, were less favorably dealt with. The names they wrote on pieces of paper enclosed in sealed envelopes, could not so readily lie deciphered by tlie medium; and the luani Testations generally, when the dement of scepticism preponderated, wevo of an unsatisfactory character. In this respect there is a strong family resemblance between ell media, between all at any rate who have favored Australia with professional visits, Every medium seems to be equally susceptible to outside influence. Given a room full of believers who aide no impertinent questions, and the manifestations arc truly wonderful Most communicative under such favorable conditions, become the inhabitants of the Spirit World. It is true that some of the messages received, like the utterances of the Delphic oracle, or the "tip" of a modern sporting prophet, are occasionally susceptible of various interpretations; and in fact may often be made to bear nny construction the disciple pleases ; but then, of course, the very vagueness of the communication is the strongest possible proof of its spiritual origin. The manifestations, however, are not confined to the mere nipping out of enigmatical sentences. The harmony of the room being undisturbed by the presence of the sceptic, more striking proofs are given that a supernatural agency is at work. Inanimate objects become for the time being, animate, and staid articles of furniture indulge in the most unaccountable, not to say disreputable, vagaries. But, admit tlie unbeliever, and the magic circle is at once broken. To this rale there is no exception. At Castlewainc it will be remembered in the case of another medium that the flat irons ceased to buzz about in the air on the appearance of Detective BLACK, and so in a like manner tlie seance of Sir. FOSTER became fruitless when an unbeliever ruthlessly poked his nose into the room one morning a fortnight since. Tlie following is the result of a visit to the cottage in Spring-street, occupied by Mr. FOSTER, as described by a correspondent of the Jhdhj Tflciirnjth :— " The fh of w, who all seemed strangers to each other, seated ourselves round a table in a little room, with Mr. Foster in the chair, and all eounnenc«l writing on slips of paper ready prepared on the tabic. These were folded up aud placed before Mr. Foster. I marked one of mine on the outside with a cross, aud kept an eve upon its adventures. In a minute taps were heard like the tick of a telegraph instrument, aud in the immediate neigh)iow;ood of the medium. Soon after Mr. Foster said he saw a spirit on hi* left hand, aud alas ! how familiarity does breed contempt. Hamlet, when he first beheld a ghost, was palsied bv terror ; but Mr. Foster, in the presence of a crowd of disembodied intelligence, was unmoved, and smoked oil, and spit on, aud handed a visitor a friendly pipe of cut tobacco—even called for a glass of beer. Most of the other mediums I have seen have preliiuinaiy treniblings Itefore an aiuiouncement, or fall into a state of couia, but Mr. Foster is wide awake throughout. In a business-like tone of voice he told us that the first spirit which had l come was that of a suicide, I had written five j names, three of imaginary persons, one that of a relative, aud one that of an old associate who left this world of his own accord; and as no one else churned to have called a suicide from the vasty deep, I responded. Mr. Foster requested me to take a printed alphaljet in haud, aud point to the letters in order that the spirit might declare his name. This was done, and the spirits were silent—perhaps l>ecause to know the alphabet trick is to defeat it. At least I acted on the instruction of those who believe the alpliabet test is a trick, and in this case, as in all others, was able to nonplus the medium. The spirits were as silent as the grave. Then Mr. Foster said, " Write tlie name down on paper with half n dozen others, fold them up separately, and give them to me." This was done, aud each pellet in turn was handled by the medium, and in obedience to knocks he picked out one which was o]>ened, and found to be " Walker." This was entirely wrong. No Walker I ever knew was guilty of <lying at all, and the mistake was unfortunate, because street boys on some occasions— when there is an attempt lo sell one—are in the habit of ejaculating " Walker." Mr. Foster was equal to the occasion, and tried another test. He requested me to write several names down on a piece of paper including the right one, hand the slip to iiiin in its open state, and then the spirits would indicate tlie very man. Here I wickedly floated a sell, and wrote, among others, the name of a pei-son whose suicide was a matter of town talk a short time ago. Mr. Foster drew his pencil through the others, and left the name of this gentleman standing. This was just what I expected, and I was given up as a bad job," The fact tliat the manifestations should be thus generally denied to the slirewd and impartial inquirer after truth, appears rather singular when wo consider that the object of spiritism is said, by its adherents, to be the promulgation of truth. The correspondent of a contemporary, in answer to the question with reference to spiritism, " Cut bono /" says that uniform, or at least, slightly varying accounts are given by the spirits when questioned on this subject, " We are," they say, " striving to reveal ourselves to you for the purpose of demonstrating to you tlie reality of a spirit world, and its continuity and ultimate connection with your own world, both governed alike under the reign of ton and immutable laws by a God of mercy aud of love. In this age of scepticism and unbelief we wish to convince you that your perishable body is but the garment of the spirit within, the death you are wont to fear, hut the laying aside of that garment, the awakeuing to a life that is fraught with {new and increased happiness to those who, during their earth life, have been obedient to God's eternal laws, but fraught with long and bitter, although not hopeless, repentance to the evil-doing and evil- thiuldng, no matter how high their intellectual eminence or how orthodox their faith." Now, if tlie foregoing statement be true, the sceptics are the very persons, above all others, standing in need of spiritual manifestations. If the object of tlio " invisible intelligences" be really to make known the existence of a future state, then, clearly, there is every reason why the manifestations should lie so unmistakable as to convince the most incredulous. For those already converted to a belief in spiritism there would seem to be no need of further proof. Such persons might, perhaps, receive instruction from the unknown world, in details relative to the future state, but there would assuredly be no necessity on their behalf for arm-chairs to dance the Cachuca, nor for the laws of gravitation to be suspended, to the end that an unmentionable article of bedroom furniture might float about in the air, and filially settle upon the head of the spiritist, crowning him as with a diadem The "invisible intelligences" then, are evidently inconsistent in the method they adopt to make known the existence of a state after death; and while this inconsistency remains, wliile manifestations are altogether withheld in the presence of persons who take nothing for granted, so long will spiritism be con sidered a delusion, and the medium a humbug. But even allowing the manifestations to lie bona fide, aud perhaps mixed up with the imposture by which it is surrounded, there may be found in this so-called spiritism phenomena not to be accounted for by any of the known laws of nature—wc may well ask why people should jump to the conclusion that the phenomena are necessarily of spiritual origin I An effect cannot always be at once traced back to its cause, aud science is yet but in its infancy. In view of the discoveries made, even within the last century, who shall say that far more cxtraordinaiy results tliau the turning of a table by animal magnetism may not be achieved ? Who sliall define the limit of the power exercised by mind upon matter I WODOXGA.—The Wodonga assault cases, postponed from Monday Last until Tuesday, on account of the absence of Mr. O'Leaiv the plain tiffs counsel, were again adjourned for a week, owing to the same cause. THE NABAJTDEBA MURDERS.—At the Wodonga Police Court on Thursday last, a man named John Smith was brought up under warrant from Seymour, on suspicion of being identical with a person for whom the police have long been searching. The person " wanted" is a man who was seen ii> coin^n}* with the brothers Pohhuann on the day the murder occurred, and from various circumstances suspicion pointed to Smith as the man iu question. The prisoner was remanded to Albury and brought up before the. local bench yesterday morning. From the evidence then taken, and from the fact that the prisoner's appearance did not tally with the Police GtvMe description, it became clear that the wrong man had been apprehended, and the prisoner was discharged. It is rather a hard case for Smith who has been brought all the way from Seymour, and has now to find liis way back as best he may. DEATH OF CONSTABLE FISS,—The following particulars with reference to the death of Constable Finn, we gather from the Waqga IPagga Express :—" The circumstances by wliich he met his death arc unknown, beyond the fact of his having been thrown from his horse—but whether the animal fell, or shied, is a matter of doubt. He was coming front Adelong Crossing, and when near Thatcher's selection, Jillingrove, lie passed a uian who was engaged stone-breaking on the road and to whom he said "Good Day," as he passed. A few minutes afterwards, the latter looked up, saw the constable's horse, riderless, going off into the bush. He immediately went up the road, and found the deceased lying on the road. He never spoke, but merely groaned once, and fell back dead, his neck being broken. We presume that an inquest has been held, but we have been unable to ascertain whether any, and if so, what additional light was cast upon this inelancholy matter. The deceased was comparatively a young man, and had served in the army throughout the Indian mutiny. He had been in the policc about four years, and leaves a wife aud cliild." It will be remembered that Constable Finn was .some three years ago stationed in Albury, and that he while here had on one occasion a very narrow escape from drowning. He was engaged in carting water at the time, and the horse he was driving backed the cart over the bank, into tlie Murray, and was drowned. Had not Finn been an excellent swimmer, he must have shared tlie same fate. He was, we understand, a very sober, steady mau. THE CHRFSTTAN CONCERT COMPAKY.—THE Christian Concert Company, after a successful season in Sydney, sailed last week for Brisbane. THE ENGLISH MAIL.—The mail for England ma .Melbourne, will close at the Albury Port Office on Monday next, the 18th inst., at IS midnight V ALMJBI: HospiTAti COMMITTEE.—The N<0 journcd meeting of the Albury Hospital Committee called for Thursday last, lapsed for want of a quorum. WINTER.—That winter baa arrived is very evident from the appearance of the hill country iu the Onieo direction. The Bogong Ranges are now covered with snow. THE ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS,—WC have to acknowledge receipt of thecurrent number of the fllMtrated Australian Netcs, which is in every respect equal to previous issues. REMOVAL OP ODDFELLOWS' LODGE.—Members of the Order of Oddfellows will notice from on advertisement in auothercolumn that on and after Monday next, the 18th inst., the lodge will be held in the new Hall, Kiewa-street. RAILWAY TICKETS.-—We observe^ from the Melbourne journals that the Commissioner for Railways, has determined to cause the windows for the sale of tickets at the railway stations, to be kept open all day. This, at large stations will prove a great convenience to passengers. LAND SELECTION.—On Thursday last, close on 8000 jtcres of land were conditionally purchased at the Albury Land Office. As many of these selections were taken up in the names of children it is evident that little fear is entertained with regard to the final settlement of the vexed question of the legality of selection by minors. SALE ON WEDNESDAY.—-Mr. C. Sparrow announces that he will sell by auction on Wednesday next, at the Dean- street mart, a quantity of saddlery, clothing, blacksmiths tools, &e;,, and a miscellaneous assortment of drapery goods. LILLIPUTIAN WONDERS.—Under the name of Lilliputian Wonders, atroujteof instrumentalists, vocalists, danseuses, and comedians, will perform on Wednesday evening next at the Exchange Theatre, Albury. VACCINATION.—Dr. Cobljett, Government vaccinator, announces that from tliis date until further notice, vaccination will be iierfunned eveiy Saturday morning from 10 o'clock to 12, at the residence of Dr. Andrews, Olive-street, opposite the Convent. THE BRIDGE INN.—The Bridge having Ijeen closed for some tune, the late landfonl, Mr. Lamb, applied to the Bench on Tuesday for the cancellation of the license, in order to avoid rendering himself liable to prosecution for deserting his licensed house. The licence was cancelled accordingly. LECTURE.—On Monday, the 26th inst., a lecture in aid of the building fund of the Alburv Independent Church will lie delivered by the Rev. J. J. Halley, of Melbourne. The subject selected is " How Stanley found Livingstone," and the lecture will be illustrated by colored diagrams. The tariff for admission has Ijeen fixed at one shilling. MR. J, T. FALLON.—Mr. J. T. Fallon arrrived in Albuiy on Thursday evening. He was met at the Wodonga Railway Station by a number of old frieuds and fellow townsmen, who drove over to bid him welcome on bis return from Europe. As announced elsewhere, a public banquet will be given to him on Wednesday evemng. EDWIN ORCHARD.—-It iuay be rememlwredthat on the 1st instant, a man named Orchard was committed to the Albury Gaol from the hospital on a charge of lunacy. Orchard is still, we understand, of uusoiuid mind, caused by Erysipelas iu the head. He now lies in the gaol in a veiy precarious condition. THE ALBURY HosmAL.—Wc liave much pleasure in learning that Fitzgibbon, a guard employed at the Wodonga railway station, who was admitted to the Albuiy Hospital suffering from the effect of a serious accident, and who since underwent amputation of the leg, is now progressing rapidly towards recovery. THE VICTORIAN RAILWAYS.—Notwithstanding the large reduction lately made in the passenger fares on the Victorian' railways, a considerable amount of dissatisfaction lias l)een expressed at the fact of the return tickets having been abolished. Some grumbling has also taken place, because the goods tariff has not been revised. It is said, however, to be the intention of Mr. Gillies to lower the rate for carnage of merchandise when tlie new branch lines now in course of formation, are opened. CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—'To-morrow, Sunday, May 17th, divine sen-ice at the Church of England, Wodonga, will be conducted by the Ven. Archdeacon Tucker, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Oil the following day, at noon, the Archdeacon will meet the church committee with a view to make arrangements for the continuance of Sunday services, the Rev. D. E. Jones being desirous of resigning. The Rev. A, D. Acocks will preach to-morrow at Waugaratta, in the place of Archdeacon Tucker, VICTORIAN COUNTIES ATLAS.—A new atlas fo Victoria is about to be published by Mr. George Robertson, which promises to he one of the most complete of its kind yet issued. Each mapi'flicludes a county, and gives full information doiccming eveiy town in the boundary, their distance from Melbourne, mineral, pastoral, aud agricultural information ; their postal, travelling, mid telegraphic conveniences, and" indeed, eveiy item of intelligence to be gathered concerning them. Towns, stations, &c.;, are arranged in alphabetical order, so that a glance will give the information required. The specimen atlas, which we have have seen, appears to be so complete that but a glance is needed to obtain any kind of topograplucal intelligence that may be needed. The work will be most valuable for reference purposes. Mr, Allison, of Melbourne, is at present in Albuiy with the object of soliciting orders. . WAHQUNTAH.—It is Stated to be the intention of the Victorian Government to erect a new court-bouse and police-buildings at Wahgunyah. THE VICTORIAN PARLIAIIENT.—The new Parliament of Victoria will be opened on Tuesday J next, the 19tii instant SALE AT COROWA.—We may remind our Gawwa readers that on Tuesday next, Mr, Shenetone Hill offer for aale, the whole of the household furniture and effects of Mr. Baylis, who ia leaving h the district. PARISH ROAD.—The last Gazette contains a notification to the effect that the widening of the road on the south boundary of J. P. Smiths land, near the town of Howlong, has been formally sanctioned by the Minister for Lands, aud that the said road is now open for public use. BONDKD STORE FOE FLOOR.—From the GV Gazette at Victoria, wc leam that Mr. W. T. Pyke, of Wodonga, has received permission to use the Mill owned by him at Wodonga, as a warehousc?for the storing (without payment of duty), of grain imported from New South Wales, to be ground into flour for exportation only. SAX® AT KIEWA.—Owing to the departure of Mr. Thomas Mitchell from the colony, the whole of the Tongnmbalanga estate will be submitted for sale by public auction on Tuesday next, the 19th instant, With the fteehold will' be offered a large number of fat and store cattle and farming implements. FIBE AT Gos.uowRrj.-G,—On the morning of Friday, the 8th, a building occupied by some Chinese, at Gundowring, and the prnpertv of Mr. IVMB, was burned to the ground. The shed was used by the Chinese as a storehouse for their to bacco crop, and at the time of the fire, was estimated to contain between five and six tons of the leaf. The total damage will not, it is said, much short of £600, A BUSH LAWVEB.—At the Alburv Police Court on Monday bust, a gentleman named Kenible, or Campbell, and rejoicing in the alias of " Billy the Bag,' was brought up under a w arrant, charged with stealing certain articles from the slaughteryard of Mr. Wynack. At the ojiening of the case the prisoner asked that the warrant should be handed to him. The request was not complied with, but the warrant, however, was read to theprisoner, who then took exception to the proceedings as being "informal aad unconstitutional." He was about to enter into an explana- tion of his reason for making this protest, but was pulled up short bv the magistrate, who did not seem inclined to encourage a controversy on technical points between the Bench and the dock. THE AUSTRALASIAS SKETCHES.—The current liumtar of the Australasian Skctchcr is duly to hand, and an excellent number it is. On the title page we have a sketch of the mail steamer just arrived at the Heads. Close at hand is the rilot schooner, from which has just departed the {•oat conveying the pilot on board the Pera. On the next page are capital vignette portraits of Signora Magi, of the Italian Opera Company, and Mr. G. B. Ireland, the well-known actor, whose name was recently brought before the public in a prominent maiuier in connection with an action for libel, in which the Licensed Victuallers Gazette was the de fendant. Two pretty landscape scenes—one a view on the River Derweut, and the other entitled " the source of the Yarra "—together with a view of the old Government House in William street, complete the pa^e. Next comes a new on the Watts'River, in which the peculiar characteristics of river scenery on the Upper Yarra are depicted with wonderful fidelity, A portrait of Mr. Julius Vogel follows, on the same page with which is an engraving of the Cerberus in the Graving Dock. In "A Kangaroo-Hunt," we have a stockman and dogs in hot pursuit of a mob of long tails, the pursuers just about to dispose of a small difficulty in the shape of a log fence. To this succeeds a portrait of Colonel Warburton, and a sketch of the banquet given at Adelaide in his honor. Another of the series of engravings, illustrating the storage and sale of colonial wool, and an interesting picture of the South Yarra " rearing- house" of the Victorian Ladies' Sericultural Society, bring the list to a conclusion. REVOCATION OF TEMPORARY RESERVE.—The temporary reservation of the undermentioned lauds has been revoked County of Townsend, parish of North Cunabunganung, 783 amis, commencing ou the right bank of the Billabong Creek, at a point 15 chains below the north-west corner of surveyed portion containing 636 acres, on the left bank of that creek; and bounded thence on the west by a line north 1 mile ; on the north by a line cast I mile ; on the cast by a lino south to the Billabong Creek ; and on the south by that creek downwards, to the point of commencement,—reserved from sale under notice dated 7th March, 1870, Forms part of the North Cimabunganung RUU. County of Townsend, parish of North Currabuiigauung, 215 acres. That portion of reserve from sale No. 987, notified 2nd December, 1873, included in portion 18, 19, 20, parish of North Cuvrabunganung; and bounded on the north from the east boundary of tortion 18 aforesaid, at a point of 40 chains north Jrom the south-east comer of tliat portion by the northern boundary of the reserve aforesaid, westerly to the west boundary of portion 20 ; on the west by tliat boundary southerly 10 chains to the Billabong Crock ; on the south by that creek upwards ; and on the east by the east boundary of portion 18 aforesaid northerly, to the point of commencement. County of Townseml, parish of North Currabuiigauung, 104 acres. Tliat portion of reserve 987, notified 2nd December, 1873, within portion 28, parish of Currabunganung; bounded on the west by part of the west boundary of that portiou bearing north about 40 chains ; on part of the north by part of the north boundary of the reserve aforesaid easterly; on the east by part of the east boundary of portion 28 aforesaid, southerly about 32 chaius to the creek; and on the south by," the creek downwards, to the point of commencement, » C^N? 8 F R0N AGENT.—We notice that Mr. Bradford, late with Messrs. T, H. Mate, and Co., uas commenced business as Commission Agent in iowiucud-street, , M R £ KEEFERD,—As had been fully anticipated, Mr. Kerferd, jone of the member for the Ovens Utstnct, who had to go to his constituents for reelection, on accepting the appointment of Attorney-Genera], lias been returned without opposition. 11 A CORRECTION.—In our last week's issue an error appeared in the report; of the police court proceedings. Mr. C. Hill is repented as having been lined 5s. for drunkenness. He was not fined, but merely admonished aud discharged, the offence having been his first. ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH.—At St, Patrick'S Church on Sunday last High Mass was celebrated by the Rev, Dr. M'Alrov. The music chosen was Mr. Alpen's mass in C, with the "Agnes Dei," from Mozart's 1st Mass, mid the offertory piece from the same composition, all of which were rendered in a highly creditable ivfauner by the choir, under the direction of Mr. Alpen. DEXTISTHT.—Mr. Mawson, of the firai of Mawson Bros., of Melbourne and Ballaiut, announces m our business columns his intention to pav a professional visit to Albiuv on Tuesday, 2nd June, remaining until Thursday, the 4th of June. During his three days stay in Alburv, Mr. Mawson will stay at the Globe Hotel, where he inav be consulted. IMPORTANT SALE OF LAND AT WODONGA .— On Wednesday next, Messrs. J. H.Grav, and Co., will offer for sale at Wodonga, 50 town allotments. All of these are valuable building sites, aud from the growing importance of the "town, should command a lively competition. The sale takes place at the Terminus Hotel, at noon. Full particulars with regard to the position of each lot will lie found in our advertising columns. ALBORY PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.-—The ineniliers of the Albury Philharmonic Society applied a few days since to the police magistrate, asking permission to use the court-house for their conceits, in. Captain Brownrigg, we understand, informed the gentlemen who waited oil him that he did not consider that he had the power to giant the use of the building for the purpose mentioned. He said, however, that an application from the society to the authorities in Sydney would have his recommendation. FCNERAL.—One of the largest processions we remember to have seen in Albury, on Sund.iv last followed to the grave the remains of the late* Mrs, P. TJullen, wife of the master of the Roman Catholic School. The hearse was followed by the members of the local branch of the Hibernian Society (upwards of sixty in number), wearing the mounting prescribed by the rules of the Order. After this came a long train of buggies, waggonettes, and horsemen. The funeral rites were performed by the Rev. Dr. M'Alrov, Dr. Bermingham, and the Rev. W. Dowling. THE HALF-HOLIDAY MOVEMENT.—A meeting of the employs in the various tradtng establishments in Albury was held ou Tuesday evening last with reference to the proposed fortnightlv half-lioJiday. It was mentioned that since the date of the last meeting, the whole of the employers in town had been consulted, and most of tlicni had agreed, only two indeed making any objection. It was hoped, however, that these two gentlemen on reconsidering the matter, might also be induced to give their consent to the proposition, and it was accordingly arranged that they should l>e again waited upon. OonFELLowsiHir.—We may remind our readers that the dinner to celebrate the opening of the new Oddfellows' Hall will lie held on Monday evening next. In alluding to this affair in our last issue, we made a slight error, which may be here corrected. The dinner will take place at G o'clock, at the Albion Hotel After the dinner is over, the brethren will adjourn to the new lodgerooiu, and open the lodge in due form. This having been done, they will return to the Albion, where the dance will take place. The anniversary of the Howlong Lodge will be celebrated by a ball nndsupper, at Boyle's Hotel, on Tuesday next. THE JOACHIM CASE.—We may mention that subscriptions in aid of the Joachim Defence fund, will still be acceptable. The law costs already incurred have swallowed up all the contributions yet received, and the case, as our readeis are aware, is not by any means yet disposed of. To give some idea of the expense attending legal proceedings of the kind in question, we have only to state that plaintiff's Counsel's fees at Deiiiliqiiin amounted to close on £350, and that for arguing the case before the full court in Sydney, Mr. Salamons will receive 100 guineas. These charges are of course quite independent of attorney's costs. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.—OmTeii-niilcCreek correspondent last week called attention to the great want of promptitude displayed by the contractors for certain Government building's in the localitynamed. Unfortunately Ten-mile Creek isnot the only place where similar cause for complaint exists. Contractors for Government works in all parts of the colony appear to regard the limitation as to the time to be occupied in the completion of their respective contracts, as simply a harmless fiction. When the limit named in the contract is reached, an extension is applied for, then a further extension is sought, and thus the original term is very frequently doubled. In the Legislative Assembly last week, an attempt was made to remedy this state of things ; Mr. Lucas moving a resolution to the effect that in all future contracts a clause should be inserted rendering the contractor liable to a line equal to interest at the rate of 5 per cent, on all money received by hinv on account of buildings not used by the public. This proposition not being favorably entcilaiiicd by the House, an amendment was moved that all lenalties incurred by contractors should be enorccd. This, however, was also negatived, and so matters remain in statu quo, aud the contractors have it all their owu way. MUNICIPAL ASSESSMENT.—The annual rate of one shilling in the £ ou all rateable property withiu the Borough of Albury, having been duly atnick, ratepayers who may consider that the Value at which their holdings have been appraised is excessive, will uote that the Court of Petty Sessions for appeal against such valuation, will l»e held on Tuesdav, the 16th June. Any person however, intending to appeal must give seven day s notice to the Couucil. j POST-OFFICE ORDERS.—Post-offiecmoney orders constitute a very convenient medium for the transmission of small sums. Thcv are not, however, of much use to persons resident on the border, who desire to send money to correspondents on the other side of the river. Say, for instance : A, living in Albury, wishes to seud £& to B., who resides in Beechworth. A. procures the onler, and duly forwards it to B., who lakes it to the Beechworth Post-office, only to find that he cannot draw the money for perhaps a fortnight. The reason of this is that the. Alburv postmaster lias So send advice of the draft, not direct to Beechworth, as common sense would suggest, but to Sydney, in accoi-dance with the regulations. From Sydney instructions have t<» be forwarded riu Melbourne to Beechworth, and thus a very large amount of unnecessary delav is occasioned. BANQUET TO MR. J. T. FALLON.—A public meeting was held on Monday afternoon last, at Day's Commercial Buildings,"to decide upon the method to be adopted to welcome Mr. J. T.Fallon ou his return from Europe. The chair was occupied by the Mayor, who briefly explained the object for which the meeting had been called. After some discussion, it was decided that Mr. Fallon should 1>e invited to a public dinner, to be held on a day to be named by himself. In pursuance of the resolution, the Chairman was requested to communicate with Mr. Fallon without delav, aud the following gentlemen were appointed a' committee to Ciiny out the arrangements for the bmuuet :—Messrs. M'Leimaii, Haves, Steel, Mitchell, Skinner, Alpen, Locklmrt, Mathews, Lankester, Culleii, Moore, Affleck, Dignam, Dwvcr, Thowld, Husing, and Bradley. On the motion of Mr. Skinner, it was resolved that the Revs. Dr. M'Alroy mid Dr. Benuingham should lie invited as guests to the banquet. Since the date of the meeting it has been arranged to hold the dinner at the Rose Inn, on Wednesday evening. AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL.—'The agricultural news from all parts of tin- district is sati factory. IN many places ploughing operations have been concluded, and in other parts the late ruins have rendered the land more fit for working than it was a short time since. The season, so far, has been highly favorable for stock, and unless we are visited with severe frosts during the next few weeks, there should be an abundance of grass throughout the winter months. This state of things seems to lie general throughout the colony. The appearance of the laud on the Murrunibidgce is said to very good, ami the prospects _ of the shearing are described as most promising. In some places, the grasshopper* have put in an appearance, and have done considerable lomuge, but the late heavy rains Juivt% in most instances, put an end to annoyance from this cause. In this district, we have' happilv escaped a vist from the pest* in question. Account* from Manaro and the Darling are very satisfactory, sheep aud cattle king in excellent order. Ti,e same, also, is reported of the Maw plane, the Ca*<tlereagh, and the Bogan. RrsT PROOF WHEAT.—At the Agricultural Exhibition held a short time, since iii Sydney, among the various samples ol jrrain exhibited, was a red wheat grown <m the Williams River, and said to have resisted for many years in succession, the ravages of rust. This wheat should be very valuable, in sonic jmrts «f the colony. According to a Sydney journal, the cultivation of wheat on our coast districts, which formerly produced large crops, has almost ceased of late vein's, the fanners having lost their crops so frequently that they have substituted maize and hav. For these the market is more limited, and less profitable than it would be for wheat. If however, a rust proof kind of wheat has been found that can be gown without liability to rust on the coast districts, there is no doubt that the cultivation of the cereal' will be resumed there, the effect of which would soon be to furnish the colony with a surplus supply, and enable its agriculturists to compete with their neighbors in South Australia in supplying the English market with the staff'of lite. BIVEHIXA PASTORAL SOCIEEY.—The annual meeting of the Riverina Pastoral Society was held on Gth inst., at Jerilderiu. The members present were—Mr, H. W. Gilbert, (in the chair) and Messrs. Hav, Mackuy, Food, Thompson, Page, Webster, Mitchell, and" R. Lowes. After a few remarks from the chairman, the business was commenced by the reading of the report of the committee, showing the transaction* and progress of the Society during the past year. On the motion of Mr. Mitchell, seconded' by Mr. Hav, the report was received and adopted.' The Secretary then read the balance sheet, showing the assets aud liabilities of the Society, and this was also received and adopted. Ou the motion of Mr. Hav, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, it was resolved that the reports, balance sheet, mimes of prizetakers at the last show, programe for forthcoming show, and the. rules and regulations of the Socictv be printed in pamphlet form and distributed among the members of the Society. Mr. Mitchell moved that the retiring officers be re-elected, and that Mr. M'Caughey of Coonong, be elected in place of Mr. Coghill, who has left the district. Mr, Hay" seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A committee of twenty gentlemen was then elected and the proceedings' were brought to a close. At a subsequent meeting of the newly appointed committee, it was resolved that the Annual Show should telte place on the 23rd July, 1874, at Jerilderie ; the rules aud regulations to be the same as those in force last vear, and the same programme with a few minor alterations to be adopted. THK Boonnr WILL CASE.-WC notice from our latest telegrams that the trial of Moher has been postponed until the July sessions. ST. MATTHEW'S CauacH.-The Ven. Archdeacon Tucker will preach at St, Matthew's, Church to-morrow, morning and evening. QUEEN'H BIRTHDAY,—According to the Sydney journals, His Excellency the Governor, findmitthe accommodation at Government House was insufficient to allow him to invite to the usual Birthday Ball, all those citizens who would be entitled to an imitation at such a time, has resoh-ed to substitute for the ball, a diuner of roast beef and plum pudding to the inmates of the different benevolent asylums. LKCTCRE.—It is announced in another column, that the Bev. Dr. Bermingham will lecture on Thursday next, the 21st inst,, nt the Exchange Assembly Booms, on the subject of " Reflections oil Modern notions of liberty." From the wellknown ability of the Rev. lecturer, an intellectual treat ot a high order may be anticipated. GUKDAGAI.—A huge mid influential public meeting was held at Gundugai ou Wednesday ast, to consider what steps should be taken to bring under the notice of the Government the claims of Gundugai for railway communication. A st mng committee was formed, and it was resolved that a memorial should be drawn up praying for the construction of a branch line of railway from Cootamundni to Gunda- 3lr lariieli as Minister for Mines. This office will, however, be only held temjtonuilv bv Mr rarnell, and no .salary will 1* attached to it. It is said that the reason inducing the Government to apjHiiut Mr. tnnicH, was that his previous experience in regard to mining law and it' administration, would enable him to organise the Department letter than anyone who was altogether new to the work. As soon as the Department lias Wen got into thorough working oider, Mr. l arncll will jcease to act, and a permanent Minister ol Mines Mill be appointed. PRISONERS' ESCORT.—On Monday last the, police-van, laden with prisoners , M route for Darhnghurst, anivcd from Mulwala in charee of Semor-mnstable Audcmm. The following is the 1st of passengers by the State coach: From Demliqum, Frederick Sncider, Christopher Wood, James H iesaoi,; from Hay, John Walters, and Christopher Civanauh • from. Cormva, Charles On Wednesday morning, the last five prisoners, iii company with James Green, resinned their journey, under the cam of Senior-constable Anderson. The prisoner Green, .^i,,, through Dean-street, took the opjwrtunitv to sliout at the top of his voice a few farewell"sentences promising to again favor Alburv with his presence^ s,«m as he should Ik; in a position to UO SO. \\\ C tear, however, that none of bis auditors were much gratified by the assurance. THE NEW MIXING Acr.-The regulation* in jMMinection with the new Mining Statute have been published Among the schedule* we find the following definition of the boundaries of the 1 umut and Adelong division, in which are inin this loc/dity :-Tumut and tion :—Commencing on the Mun-.iv River at a jtomt where the police district Iwundarv of Alburv meets it ; and bounded thence on the west and part of the north by that boundary northerly iiud thence easterly to the northern county boundary of Hume ; thence by that Iwundarv to the northern boundary of the county of Gmilbum • thence by that Iwundarv to the Murrumbid-ee Bive.r; thence by that river, upwards, to Its junctioii with the Tuinut River; thence to the luniut River, upwards, to the town of Talliingo ; and thence by a line easterly to the ran^e dividing the eastern and western water* ; on the east "• v , i ' ii ! t I southerly, to the county bouudarv ot nellesley ; tlience by that IwunuaiT, westerly to the boundary between the coloiucs of New South \\\ ales aud Victoria ; and thence by that boundary, westerly, to the point of commencement. THESCI-POSED MURDER NEAR BEECH WORTH.— lhe adjourned linjuest on the hodv of Ah Fook was resinned at the Shamrock Hotel, Woolshed near Beechworth. on Sunday last. The evidenro ot Dr. J'ox went to show (hat, although unlikely, it. was yet quite possible that the deceased couid linve inflicted the wounds himself. An On a mate of the deceased, stated that he had been working with Ah Fook and seventeen other Chinese, in a claim at the Woolshed. On the 17th April he had a fight with Ah Fook, mid in consequence, of injuries then received had been obliged to go the Beechworth Hospital, where he remained until the 26th of April. On the latter date he (Ah On) returned to the Chinese Camp, and lived with some cousins there. He had never'seen Ah Fook since the time of the fi- dit Ah bhang another mate of the deceased, stated that the deceased was present in the hut at supper with the other Chinese on the night of April 21st. Jvoxt inoriuiig he did not come to breakfiwt, and he had been missing ever since. After the hearing of some further evidence the inquest was adjourned until Monday, when Hock Loy gave evidence to the effect that Ah On returned from the Beechworth Hospital to the Chinese Camp on Sunday, April the 20th The inquest was then further adjourned until Wednesday, ou which day the proceedings were brought to a close. The jurv after a short dehbmtion returned the following verdict :— Fookdie<1 01 wr > . 1 May 2nd, 1874, at the Woolshed, near the old police camp, and it is our opinion that Ah Fook was wilfully uiuixiered by some person or persons unknown." 