SPORTING. By Yatuiaman's Ghost. Our annual meeting is now vory close, and I venture to predict that it will bo ono of tho best, if not the vory bost, that has takon placo since tho establishment of tho Gympio Turf Club. Our Club is ovorywhoro hold up as an example to much older and moro protontions ones for tho very liboral way in which ownors of horses aro treated ; and tho efforts and liberality of tho Stewards aro at last boing appreciated, a fact shown bv tho nrobabilitv t1in-. timrn will Vin fivn find six starters respectively for our two principal caps. It is vory unfortunate that our mooting should .clash with that of Rockhampton ; I would suggost that tho Secretaries of tho two clubs should at once communicate with each other and try to pr'ovont this mistako for tho futuro. It would bo well that all our northom cluba should work together, as by this moans tho buccoss of tho mootinga can be very much en hanced, both pecuniarily and othorwiso. I am glad to seo that tho Maryborough folks liavo looked at tho matter in this light. By-tho-by, I must cordially congratulate thorn (considering tho groat difficulties tho present Stowards havo had to contend against) upon tho very liboral programmo presented this year ; if tho sporting public of Maryborough only stickto tho Stowards now in office, they will find in a yoar or two that thoir club will not bo playing second fiddlo to any similar institution iii Queensland. Tho Rockhampton Club will find it considerably to its advantage not to olasli with tho Gympio Turf Club, and I can scarcely think that tho former will attempt to compote with tho latter. If it does, it will havo to bo much moro liboral than it is at prosont ; at Gympio tho ownor of a horso can know his weight for tho £100 prizo for £2 ; at Rockhampton, for a similar prizo, it costs x.i jus. xiowovor, tno ciasninjj may only bo a mistako, and I am sure tho Stowards of tho Gympio Turf Club would bo only too glad to avoid it for tho futuro. Would our club allow mo to suggost that in drawing up tho noxt programmo provision bo mado in thoir handicaps for imposing a penalty upon any horso winning after tho declaration of the weights. I don't know what Mistako carriod at Gayndah, but the gonoral improssion is tljat if a fow pounds moro woro put oh him lioro ho would bo all tho bottor for it. It iB about timo that something waB dono to provont tho course boing cut up, oBpecially dur ing tho proBont showory woather. A! largo numbor of horsomon mako it a practico (particu larly on a Sunday) to gallop round tho courso, and I am told that it is in a vory bad state. Tho running ground should at once bo raked and hnrdloR put up to protect it. Tho booths, &o.;, are to bo sold on Thursday, at Oorry's Hotel, and I am much mistakon'if they don't fotoh bottor prices than thoy havo dono for yoars past, as this mooting is cortain to bo woll attended and thoro will bo no lack of good racing. Tho purohaBors of booths and tho gate may consequently oxpoct to roap a satisfac tory harvest. I now purpose, for tho information of tho large number of hotting mon on Gympio, giving a dotailod account of tho running during tho yoar of tho horses ongagod in our District Plato and Turf Club Handicap, commencing with tho old favourite ? ? ? . Chieftain, 9st. Slbs. and 9st. Tho performances of this horso up to tho prosont aro conlinod to Mount Perry and Gayndah ; at tho formor pluoo ho sooms to havo had it all his own way, winning' ovorything ho started far. At Gayndah, hownvor, he mot his match in Mistako and Black Princo ; the weights aro not given in the papors, consequently wo might bo just as wiso without tlio information at all. Howovor, his running bore last year is still fresh in tho moinory of Gynipip sportsmen, 'And ho will start a good favourite. VipHKoy, ?a,t-, and 8st. lOlbs. Oomos noxt, aml;his performances havo boon I vory crodita.bl» 'indeed. -,\ Wo first, itind liinrat IpHwioh, 'whortj ho Btartod tho favourite for the .Governor's Cup, 2 mihis,; woltor weights for age ; ,wit.h .l.Ost. 21bs. lip ho. had vory little, difficulty in carrying ? his 'nwnorls coloura to tho front, .?flnfciitinsf foiir'ptliorfl.'ainojigst, which was Sua King, !)3t.v;8lbs.,| .who'ran third. '..,-.. Ho noxt. appears at;Brisbaho,'iand is brought to tho post for tho Turf- Club Handicap,. l-V»)''os-.OIVV1'yi'JJ 8st. 31bs. Tho raco is '.described as an oxcollont ono, but. at thofiniBhi Viceroy allowed old Zanco, Ost. 51bs., to got. his head in front o'fliiui... Bo hind him woro ? Erin, 7st.:101bB;, Mistako, 8s t. 81bs. , and throe others. ? On ;tho' second ; day ho is ancjdldd up for'tlto Flying Handicap, 1 iiiile, with 8st. 121bs. . Ho again places a victory to , his crodit, boating Bonny Blink, ;7st. 3lbs., by a length';^ Black Princo,. 7«t., boinj,' a good third ; four 'others' ran.'' On tho Downs Viceroy does not seem to havo boen vory'succossful. At Too-, woomba, for tho Stewards' Cup, li milos, carry ing 8st. 51bs., ho was unable to mako Ziinco, 9-.t, 81bs., gallop, and had to bo contont with second place; CJiidex, 7st. 811)8. third.- ,;Tho samo day ho only ran third for tho Flying Stakos, throo-qiiarters of a mile, weight for ago ; Tlio Nob winning, with Mariner, aged, second. On tho following day, carrying 8st.71bs., he tr'od, conclusions wJtlvNoniOj^yqarBj. 7st. Slbs., and 9!bs. over, for the Clifford 'Plato, ''ll-; niiles. Noino won somowliat onsily'at tho finish.- Tho Warwick courso is tlio noxt', place' gracod»with this horso's prosonco, whore i , ho started for the Govornor's Cup, lit milos, wbight for ago. ? Ho ran- an oxcollont riico with Nomo, . who beat him by a short head V tho. judgb's splendid twoyear old filly, Mayflowbr,. a good third.. Ho after wards won , rather oapily ' against an inferior field, tho Forced Handicap. Viceroy appears to havo boon 'treated to a spoil since, .and will no doubt bo iivcloHO attohdanco1 at the finish of our two handicaps^, '.' , ! : ' ^ — ' /.' ' ' . , Mistake, 8st.,lilbB. and Sst.'Slbs. '' Doos not appear vory often, and, if wo, oxcopt his Gayndahjperforpiancos, has boon acquitting himself rathor ? indifforontly. , At . Ipswich, for. tho Grand Handicap, 2 milos, carrying 8at., ho was 'unablo to got a placo, boing boaton by Zanco, 8st.( 81bs., Erin, 7st. lOlbs., M'Callum Mohr, ,9st., Graf ton, 8st. 31bsM and Counterfeit, 8st. 21bs: On. tho second day, although entered for tho Town Plato, 1| miles, with 8st. 41bs., his owner appears to havo preferred leaving him in tho stable . Tho same day Oountorfoit giwo him a fow pounds and a beating for tho Forcod Handicap. Ho was ' equally unfortunate' n't Brisbane, whoro ho started for tho Turf Club Handicap, with 8st. 81bs. up ; Zanoo, 9st. Clbs., Vicoroy, 8st. 31bs., and Erin, 7st. .lOlbs., finish ing in front- of -him. _H.o noxt ran at Gayndah, whore ho beat Chieftain, but as tho woights aro not given it is nsoless to dwoll upon his porform ancos thore. » Ho is roportod to bo in first-rate fottlo, and his popular owner has groat confidence in him. , : Thk Nob, 8st. Gibs, and 8st. 21bs. Is tho noxt on tho list, and although winning no end of Maiden Plates ho has not dono much in our big handicaps. . Wo first find him at Ips wich, whoro ho oasily won the Maiden Plato, lit miles/ boating 'Statesman, 3 yoars, Louisiana, 3 years, Black Princo, 5 years, and Jack Frost, agod. 'Tho second day, carrying -7st. 131bs.,' ho won tho Trial Stakos, 1 niilo, boating Bonny Blink, 7st. 131bs., by a neck, Soa King bolted. At Brisbano, on tho first day, ho won tho Cravon Plato, 1 milo and a distanco, woight for ago ; boating Mayflower, 2 yoars, Bonnie Blink, 3 yoars, and, a numbor of othors. Black Princo was drawn. Although handicapped at (iBt. lOlbs. for tho Turf Club Handicap, Tho Nob's owner did hot'start him. On tho second day ho won tho Maidon Plato, 1^ milos ; Soa King boing second.' ' Tho Maidoii Plato, 1 milo and a dis tanco, at Toowoomba, was also placed to his credit, beating a fair (iold with oaso. Tho sumo day ho woii tho Flying Stakos, thrpo- quartors of a milo, woight for ago, beating Marinor, Vicoroy, and Grafton. On tho socond day ho was scratched for the,' Grand Stand Plato, and his owner declined to accopt with 8at. lOlbs. for tho Forcod Handicap. At Dalby, tho filly Mayflower turnod the. tables upon him in the Maiden Plato, 1 milo and a quarter ; this was the first timo Tho Nob was boaton in Qrioonsland. ? Tho samo day ho oasily won tho Champagne Stakes, 1 milo. and ? a distanco, weight for ago. Tho second day ho boat Flirtation in tho Ladios' Purso, 1 milo and a qnartw, weight for ago. At Warwick, ho won tho Maidoii Plato, boating Mayflower and others. The Hamo day ho ran fourth, with 8st. 21bs. up, for the Warwick Handicap, l£ milos. Tho race was won by Nemo, 7st. 81bs., Erin, '8st. 121bs., second, Flirtation, 78t. 12lbs., third. Tho noxt day ho ran second to Erin for .tho Turf Club Handicap. Erin, 8st. 121bs., Tho Nob, 8st. 21bs;, Flirtation, 7st. 121bs. Erin won by two longths. Tho Nob has not porformod sinco, and ought by this timo to havo rbcovorod from his many engagements. Sea Kino, 7st. 121bs. and 7st. lOlbs. . Oomos noxt, and although ho has not dono much up to tho prosont it will bo woll not to hold him too choap. His first appearance was at Ipswich, whore ho ran an indifferent third for tho Gover nor's Cup, 2 niilos, woltor woights for ago. Ho was handicapped at Gst. lOlba. .for tho Town Plato oii tho second day, but did not start. Tlio saino day bo started for tho Trial Stakes but bolted. At Brisbano, ho won, with oaso, tho Normanby Cup, lh milos, woltor woight for ago ; ho defoatod a'fiold 6f sovon horses. Tho noxt day ho ran second to Tho Nob for tho Maidon Plato ; Bonny Blink and Black Princo appoar to havo boon bohind him. Tho above is tho extant of Soa King's performances, and thoy cortainly do not look vory promising ; but tho fact of his boinj- a tliroo-yoar-old loads ono to in for that ho has improvod. Ho also boat Vivandicro, 4 yoars, in a private match, ono milo, woight for ago. -? ' '??*'?- Blaok PniNbi'., 7st. Ts only ongngod in tho big handicap. His per formances at Ipswich and Brisbano woro not striking, but it is roportod ho was altogothor out of form ; if this statement is correct ho should havo a good show for tho big monoy. Ho also ran at Gayndah, whoro ho won tho Maidoii Plato and Forcod Handicap. Nobody would rogrot to boo Mr. John Nolan pull off tho Fifth Annual Handicap. 