liduutjs fio m gjj tllionvn ej?mu&. & QUESTION ANSWERED.—Why pay rent? is A question asked on all the walls of the city, upon which placards may be posted, or more properly pasted. The reply is obvious. To keep the bailiffs out of tbe house. No more expense need be incurred, the question now having been replied to. Knot to be Tied.—The matrimonial one. The Dress for the Arti'Leryman's Wife.—Bombazine. An Allowable Fracture.—Breaking monotony. Acrobatic Query.—If a Septuagenarian is a man o seventy summers, is an equally old acrobat a man f of as many springs? Dry Goods.-Salt herring, corned beef, and anchovies. What Day is best for Fisherman'—Haul day. <jueer Kitchen Grate.—A dividing range. "Work of " Art."—A lottery. A Yankee Question.—Does America revolve on its own axest Foul Query.—Can you harry a nest in a henery By a Laundress.—Is hanging out clothes a Real Property Act. tUseless Sport.—Shooting rubbish. A Work of 'l ime.—Decay. Irish.—When is a goose a quadruped?—Wfcerr you make a baste of him. Two TbingB often Inseparable.—Inns and outs. The Seat of Cleanliness.—The Bath chair. Dinner Party.—The cook. A Musical Time.—Tenor clock. Where are a Horse's Stockings.—Close to his (h)ocks. A Ticklish Thing.—Cowage. MAXIMS FOR THE CITY COUNCIL.—Uncleanliness is next to godliness. Public baths are a public nuisance. Tbe great unwashed are the only truly great. If all were clean, doctors would starve. Soap and water are only luxuries for the rieh. Wilful waste (of Yan Yean) makes woeful want. WANTED.—A phrenologist to examine the head of a pint of porter. A lathe for turning a corner. A Scotsman as broad as long. A needle for sewing wild oats. Pebbles for stoning raisins. Mortars for shelling peas. SIGNS OF INSANITY.—A lot of doctors have been examined the last few days on the real signs of insanity. Tbe suiest symptoms of a man being mad may be summed up thus:—He will not ride in a railway train unless the engine has blinkers on, he orders a side-saddle of mutton for dinner, he goes to bear the ex-Rev. Tyerman, he believes in the Hobson's Bay Railway Company, he parts with money to mining sbarebrokers, he does not subscribe to Punch. He buys tickets in Art-Union lotteries. Be consults quack doctors. He thinks himself equal in wisdom to the Solomon of the I egislative Council, and tbat he has a mission to reform abuses; above all his greatest proof of mania is writing frequently to the newspapers. Courting Grief-—Some people seek trouble; only lately we met a man who had lately come out for a blow. The Nonsense that Children Tolerate.—Bun come. CAUSES OF INSOLVENCY. We beg to publish for the benefit of bankrupts a few methods of filling up this extremely awkward column in insolvency schedules. 1\. Inability to arouse sufficient energy to work. 2\. The egregious price of good cigars. 3\. The unusual and unexpected fertility of wife. 4\. Gloves. 5\. Force of habit. 6\. Protection. NEW BOOKS ON COOKERY. Chops on the gridiron, embellished with hot Oxtails and other stories, by JullieR Soup, Esq. Salt fish, or how to restore eggs sauce-ted nature. Broils and Pease, by the author of Pulse and how to dress it. How Shrove Tuesday is often a Fri-day, by the author of Irish Stews Day on a Wednesday. Square Meals ofl'Round6 of Beef, illustrated with prime cuts. On the Cow-eel and Spitch Cock, and how to proparate them. The Toad in the Hole, Welsh Rabbit, and other culinary animals, with easy directions for rearing tbem. Where does the clerk of the weather reside?—In a weather boarding house, QUERIES. If time is morey, what is the value of a watch ? 1 If a man is light-headed, has he a pane in his temples? If you pay mining calls, do you require to leave a card? Is capturing a pastrycook catching a tart-er? Will a hare gun serve for shooting rabbits? A PRACTICAL SABBATARIAN. Little Girl—When am 1 to have a new doll, mamma? Mamma—Don't bother, child. When two Sundays come together. Little Girl—Eeally and truly. Well then I'll have my doll next Monday, because Saturday is the Jew's Sunday, and our Sunday is next day—there now." IDIOTIC THINGS TO Do. —Calling at the Town Hall, and asking to be shown the Mayor's nest. Any one but an Irishman trying to get into the police. Trying to find out the ingredients of pork sausages. Buying a horse from a friend. Endeavouring to raise a hundred pounds when hard up. Backing somebody's bill Marrying a young lady who constantly does the block. Interfering in conjugal quarrels. Taking a chance in an Art Union. Sea batbing in the depth of winter. Wearing fashionable boots. Having a mother-in-law to stay with you. Travelling in a cheap excursion train; and most of all, not subscribing to Melbourne Punch. JMAKKED INTELLIGENCE — Balloons have an upward tendency. The feathers of young goslings are down. Pens, ink, and paper are still stationery. Game is frequently high. Still wives are quiet. Guns go off easily. Puddles are stagnant. PROFER PLACES.—For Scotch children—Bairnsdale. For toothless folk-Chewton. For cautions people — Warn-em-hull. For breakfasting— Hotham. For actors—Eew. For sporting men—Barone and Bet Bet. For a Crowlands member- Wood's Point. For fanciful people—Whimmera. For lazy men—Mount Rouse. For dull people— Bright. For topers—Brandy-hot. For swells— Dandy-nong. For loafers-Idle-berg. For early birds—Morning-ton. For Yankees—Whittle-sea. For willing people—Yea. For travellers—Homeeo. For vegetables— Greensborough. For blue stockings—Indigo; and for Willy and Polly— Williamstown and Maryborough. A PROGRAMME FOB A GOOD CONCERT.—A triangular trio; a duet on one Jew's harp; a bass solo on the double drum; a sonato on the bones; a fantasia on a door scraper; all ale ouart-ette; the National Anthem on a small tootn comb would take well at a Lunatic Asylum. ON THE EQUINE RACE.—The genus is called the horse race, as a matter of course, and the racehorse of course belongs to the genus. He runs for, and on plates on whicb he puts his stakes. He does not eat the stakes, tbe cabhorse being the only carnivorous member of the family. The horse is not a sailor, although he belongs to the fleet. The seahorse does not go well either in saddle or harness. A tailor's carriage IB never drawn by clothes horses, nor is a bathing-machine drawn by towel horses. Whipped creams never bolt. War horses are favourite ones with lawyers, being useful to charge with. The man who exhibits his (s)talking horse will make more money than the owner of the hairless one. Of the latter it never can be said, peace be to their manes. The Centaur was the original horsey man. The American speaies of the crossbred horse is tbe one-half horse, half alligator. Horseypeople of course speak with no(a)rse voices. Not Wisely but Too Well—The love of ladies for alarming sacrifices and bankrupt sales. The Best Sign of the Zodiac.—When it has a. good balance. The Worst Sign of the Zodiac.—When crabby. A Trade Question.—Are the employes of a timber merchant on board wages. To Architects.—Haunted houses are made up.of ghost stories. A Young Financier's Query.—Should pocket money be kept in a purse? The Worst Factories in ihe World.—Where men can make a fuss, where mistakes are made, and messes manufactured. A Carpenter's Failing.—His vice. One who Studies " Appearances."—The theatrical critic. A Dark Question.—Can an unlucky negro be an unlucky wight. Toper's Motto.—Beer and for beer. Private Detective.—Conscience. Fatal Flower.—Heart (di)sease. A School Question.—When the moon went to school, who paid her first quarter? Material for a Fancy " Ball" Dress.—Shot silk. Original Setter —The hen. Proper Place for Decayed People.—The ceme* tery. The Burden of the Author's Song.—Write-toual Pedal Elasticity —Bending one's footsteps. A Word with a Ring to It.—Marriage. When is an Idea like a Clock?—When it strikes one.i Harmonious Soldiers.—Opera troops. When do you Bejewel Fowls?—When you wring their necks. A Quack Medicine.—Voice lozenges. The Organ of Erin.—The "nation." Proper Salutation for a Horse.—Good hay to you. Oxcheek.—.Burying impudence. Over-bearing.—Egg flip-pancy. Unwise Exhibition of Plumage.—Showing the white feather. Lachrymose Explosion.—Bursting into tears. A Violinsinuation.—You can't play the fiddle. Commercial Perfume.—The smell of the shop. A CORRECTION. Bill—I saw your share ami in Bourke-street yesterday. 'Arry—Er name haint Hammi, its Helizar. 